VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 38.
CAGE APPLIES THE LASH TO LAW
MAKERS OF CALIFORNIA TO HELP BURNS
LEGISLATORS INSULTED BY
THE IMPERIAL GOVERNOR
Considers All Who Vote for Grant as His
Particular Personal Enemies.
Brazen and Unseemly Assumption of Autocratic Power
by the Executive, Who Turns His Office Into
a Burns Senatorial Machine.
■ CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- 1 1
■MEN'TO. Jan. 6.— Governor Gage has
i ■ his term of office by offering an ;
every member of the State
Legislature. And th--* insult was of- '
: because the Governor believed !
. that the act would result in the election
of D. M. Burns to the United States
Senate.
Whether the members of the Legisla
ture will take the slap in the face thai
given them by the new Caesar |
without resenting it remains to be seen.
The offense is ton pronounced to be mis
•ued or overlooked and it is now
pimply a question of whether the mem- I
f the Legislature will hold out !
their hands to receive the shackles with
. wfrich the Governor and Colonel Burns ;
•would bind him or assert their freedom
arvd independence at the risk of losing
B.o : rni9 small "rain of political patronage.
'T- will consider a vote for Grant a
:ifTrnnt."
,'•.' Such i? the <leclaration made by Gov
ernor Gage, and this in face of the fact i
that, more than a score of members of
tee Legislature have already openly de
o'iro'l their intention to vote for Grant
: sited States Senator. The can
<H<iacy "f Colonel Burns must indeed be
• .in desperate straits when it becomes I
necessary for his friend, the Governor, ■
to take advantage of his position to at- I
;.ternpt to force them to surrender their I
•liberty of conscience, a right that is i
'that of every free-b-rn American citi- [
. zen. Governor Gag^ says in effect:
. . "I will not permit you tc cast your
vote for Grant for Senator. If you
insist on doing so against my or
ders I will consider you my enemy
kjad.-'will punish you.*'
Mr. Gage did not talk this way dur
ing the campaign. Then he said that if
'••■iple would elect him he would
ler himself the servant of the peD
•jple and would serve their interests as
.they should dictate. At the same time
, Dple elected Mr. Gage they elected
tne-n to come to Sacramento to makw
laws for them and to elect a United
- Senator. These men are also the
servants of the people, but Governot
does not so consider them. He
apparently believes they are his serv
ants. This belief being firmly fixed in
his not overcrowded cranium he has
prdered them to carry out his own per
sonal wishes and not the wishes of the
people who elected them.
Such a condition of affairs might not
result in injury to the people's inter
ests were another man than Mr. Gage
in the Governor's chair, though the
affront would be as great. But Gover
nor Gage has, within the past two
weeks, proved himself to be the willing
tool of D. M. Burns and a gang of co.-
rupt politicians who are paid to carry
out the wishes of the Southern Pacific
Company and kindred corporations. He
carried out the wishes of Dan Burns
by fixing the date of his inauguration
for January 4, thus enabling him to
retain Mose Gunst, Burns' gambling
partner, in office as member of the San
Francisco Board of Police Commis
•rs.
as closlres to be elected United
a Senator and his desires are sec
onded by the Southern Pacific Com
on the authority of no less a per
::an W. r'. Herrin, the corpora
political manager. Since his can
didacy was announced it has become
apparent that a majority of the mem
f the Legislature will refuse to
ir him. His defeat is certain un-
Bpmething is done to force legis
lators into line. Governor Gage was
order the forcing and the plan
ne ■ n^ I is worthy of the man.
A. person who will violate the solemn
.Pledge? made by him to the people of
true State in order to take orders from
B.urns an<l H.rrin would not hesitate
to insult the honor and intelligence of
legislators and to use the power that
the people have given him to prostitute
toe honesty of men and to further his
rwn private and selfish interests.
Evidence is at hand, and plenty of it
to prove that Governor Gage is using
patronage of his office and the
r that is his by virtue of his po
sition to assist th>- Senatorial candidacy
of p. If. Hums. He is not only oppos
ing Grant, but he is opposing other can
didates, many of whom are bo far su
■ to him in intellect, uprightness
and all that goes to make up a model
citizen that comparison is unnecessary
Governor Gage is seeking to elect Burns
and he is using such means as have
made the political manipulations of
Colonel Burns a stench in the nostrils
of all self-respecting people.
The Call has opposed the Senatorial '
candidacy of Mr. Grant and will con- '
tinue to oppose it for reasons that have
been plainly stated on numerous oc
casions. Criticism of Governor Gage's
The San Francisco Call.
acts in connection with the present
Senatorial contest is made in the in
terest of every member of the Legisla
ture who is entitled to remain unmo
lested in his right to cast his vote for
Senator according to his convictions
and as his conscience dictates.
THREATS CAUSE NO FEAR.
Assemblymen Will Not Be Driven
by Gage's Whip.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.— Governor Gage
has thrown down the gauntlet to the sup
porters of Grant's Senatorial candidacy
and it has been taken up. The new Gov
ernor has declared war on all who refuse
to assist in electing his friend. D. M.
Burns. United States Senator, and hos
tilities have followed close upon the heels
of the declaration. Xeither side will ask
or receive quarter.
The . situation, when viewed- from a
purely unprejudiced . standpoint, looks
promising for some exceedingly lively
times in the near future, and all because
the chief executive imagines the office to
which he has so lately succeeded* invests
him with the power of life and death over
his trembling subjects. At the very out
set of his reign he has started a rebellion
that bids fair to give non-combatants an
insight into the mental machinery of a
criminal lawyer turned politician.
Having declared that a vote for Grant
will be considered as a personal affront,
Governor Gage naturally expects instant
obedience or he will visit upon the luck-
less head of the disobedient the weight of
his majestic wrath. Before his election
Mr. Gage bore the reputation of being as
quiet as a lamb— several lambs, in fact—
but now that he is Governor of the State
he is terrible In his anger at all who
cross his mighty will. As a hoy he was
as other boys; as a youth be was not to
be distinguished from other youths; as
a stock raiser he achieved success and
momentary notoriety; as a lawyer he en
joyed the confidence and friendship of
associates; as a Governor of two days'
experience he has insulted the 120 mem
bers of the California Legislature vio
lated the moral obligations 'imposed' upon
him by his oath of office and the consti
tution of the State, and has publicly al
lied himself with the agents of the great
corporations that have had their hands
at the throat of the State for twenty
years.
But the members of the Legislature do
not propose to submit without a word of
protest. They propose to explain to the
Governor calmly but forcibly that he is
head of the executive branch of the Gov
ernment and that they compose the leg
islative branch. The two branches are
separate and distinct, and Governor Gage
has no more right, moral or dtherwlae, to
dictate or attempt to dictate to the Legis
lature than the Legislature has to dictate
his appointments or question his right and
power of veto or to grant pardons. It is to
be pointed out to him that his sole meth
od of Influencing or attempting to influ
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
ence legislative action is limited by con
stitutional provision to suggestion trans
mitted to the Legislature in the form of
messages. This sort of information will
probably be transmitted to the Governor
through speeches made on the floor of
one or both houses of the Legislature.
Many members are violently incensed
at the expressions of the Governor in
connection with the Senatorial situation,
and they declare a determination to give
expression to their opinion at an early
day. Some idea of what is being said
about the matter may be gained by a
perusal of brief interviews which are ap
pended. Assemblyman Melick of Orange
had this to say:
"I am not sorry that I supported Gage
for Governor, for I think he will give the
State a good administration, but I will
not allow him or anybody else to dictate
to me in that manner. His threat to us©
tho power of his office to crush Grant' 3
supporter? will only have the effect of
strengthening their allegiance. Governor
Gage has said many hard things about
j Grant and made some onen charges. His
attack upon Grant in the Palace Hotel
was entirely unwarranted and reflected
little credit upon himself.
"As for his declaration that he will re
gard it as a personal affront for anybody
to vote for Grant, it is an outrage. I am
entitled to my opinions the same as Gov
ernor Gage or any other man is and no
threatening or bullying can make me
! change them. I intend to vote for Grant
! as long as he remains in the fight, and I
i do not think the Governor will dare to
: punish me for it. If he does, all well and
i good. I will not be the sufferer."
Assemblyman Charles B. Greenwell of
Ventura County was much incensed at
Governor Gage's unwarranted attempt to
influence the senatorial vote and concern
• ing it had this to say: "It seems to me that
I it is nothing more or less than a bald at
! tempt at political intimidation, but it has
had no apparent effect. I have spoken dur
! ing the day to a number of my colleagues
: of the matter, but most of them had not
! even read the interview. I do not think
i that Mr. Gape's political play will have
! much if any effect."
Senator Mitt of San Diego was fully as
j strong in the expression of his opinion as
j was Assemblyman Greenwell, and. like
| him. he believed that Governor Gage's
I likes or dislikes would in no wise influence
i the Senatorial vote. "It was a most re-
I markable thing for the Governor of the
| State to say," said he. "I can scarcely
! believe that he said it. I have not heard
any great discussion of the matter during
the day and do not think that it has
made any great impression, surely not
! enough to influence probable results at
; all. As to my personal feeling, I cannot
i say that I have given it sufficient thought
I to have any feeling about it."
Assemblyman .-».rnerich of Santa Clara
I said that Gage's first specimen of Burns
politics had evidently not created any per
ceptible stir. He had heard none of his
! fellow- Assemblymen speak of it. and had
i not himself read the interview nor heard
of It until told of it by a representative
of The Call.
"I guess." said he. "that nothing of that
sort will make any difference in the pres
ent fight, and I really cannot say what
I think of it. as I have not read what the
Governor had to say. It Is rather a re
markable statement for the Governor to
make just at this period in the Senatorial
fight, but I guess it will make no differ
ence."
WHY SENATOR SMITH DID
NOT GET CHAIRMANSHIP
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— State Senator S. C.
Smith of Bakersfield has paid the first
installment of the price demanded by
Governor Henry T. Gage for his alle
giance to Grant.
Lieutenant Governor Neff announced
the list of standing committees of the
Senate this morning and when Secretary
Brandon read the name of General Dick
inson as chairman of the Finance Com
mittee Senator Smith fervently remarked:
"Turned down by the grace of God and
Gage."
Senator Smith has been given every
assurance long ago that he was to
have the chairmanship of the Finance
Committee and it had been published
broadcast throughout the State. Later in
the day, however, an emissary from the
Governor hunted up Smith and asked him
to call upon Gage, saying it was the lat
ter's request. After that Smith had less
to say about his "turning down," and at
the conclusion of the interview he de
clined to discuss the matter at all, say
ing- he did not care to embarrass the Gov
ernor in any way; that he had been
"turned down" and that was all there
was to It; by whom he did not know.
He did say, though, that a month or
more ago he received a letter from a
friend who is a close friend of Gage, in
which the writer stated authoritatively
that Smith was to have the chairmanship
of the Finance Committee and that it was
Gage's desire to have a certain gentleman
appointed chief clerk of the committee
because of his familiarity with the details.
Smith replied that he would be happy to
make the appointment, and the matter
was settled until last Wednesday, when a
friend of Smith learned that Senator
Dickinson was to have the chairmanship.
After adjournment to-day, and before
Smith had called on Gage at the latter's
request, the Senator went to Lieutenant
Governor Neff and asked why he had not
been made chairman of the Finance Com
mittee, as he had been assured he would
be. Mr. Neff explained that he intended
to give Smith the place, as the matter had
all been arranged, but that influences he
could not Ignore had demanded Smith's
turning down and Dickinson's substitution.
Mr. Neff did not state to Smith what
these Influences were, but that- Gage,
Burns and Frank McLaughlin caused the
substitution there can be no possible
doubt.
Although Smith would not discuss the
details of his interview with Gage, he
admitted that the chairmanship of the
Finance Committee was touched on, and
when pressed to state what explanation
Gage gave of his action he refused point
blank to say. But although he takes his
disciplining philosophically, Senator Smith
has no intention of yielding to Gage's de
mand that he desert Grant. On the con
trary, he is more open In his fealty to the
San Diegan than ever.
GENERAL BARNES MAKES
A CLEAN CAMPAIGN
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 6 —Senator H. V. More
house is an exceedingly wrathy man to
day. The Examiner this morning stated
that Senator Morehouse was to nominate
Dan Burns for Senator, thus Implying
that he had pone into the Mexican's camp.
Senator Morehouse requests The Call to
ttate in his behalf that he is not a hench
man of Burns; that he never has been and
never will be.
Senator Morehouse will have the honor
of presenting the name of General \v. H.
L. Barnes before the Senate for United
States Senator, acting in accordance with
the expressed wish of an overwhelming
majority of his constituents, as well as
his own desires. Moreover, he will vote
for the general to the last ballot.
Barnes is exceedingly fortunate In the
selection of men who will sneak in his
behalf in both houses, for Morehouse Is
I one of the best orators In the upper
! house, while Luchslnger of Solano, who
; will make the seconding speech, is an
| other gifted speaker.
In the Assembly Lardner of Placer will
i place the general in nomination, while
: Judge Clough of Plumas will second him.
\ Barnes' managers are preparing to bring
their "push" up to Sacramento, and by
: Sunday night there will be a large force
ion hand to boom the general. But they
: will be as different from the Burns push
jas day is from night. Theodore Reichert
I has received a letter from J. B. Stetson
i stating that it will give him great pleas
; ure to come up and do what he can for
! his old friend, while M. H. Hecht has tele
\ graphed that he will also come. And there
i are others— men of the highest standing
i throughout the State. Their method of
"doing" politics will be vastly different
from that pursued by Dan Burns and his
heelers, and it will be interesting to note
which will prove the most effective.
THERE WAS NO DEAL
IN SAN DIEGO COUNTY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 6.— The man whom Gover
nor Gage believes consummated the al
leged trade in San Diego County whereby
he thinks the Republican State ticket lost
votes in that county and the Republican-
Grant legislative ticket gained votes is
Charles Hardy, one of the Republican
leaders of the county. Mr. Hardy is now
in Sacramento helping out the Grant
fight.
The charge is made that Mr. Hardy
made an arrangement with J. Harvey Me-
Carthy, editor of the San Diego VidetU,
the Democratic organ, whereby the Dem
ocrats in San Diego County were to sup
port the Republican legislative ticket in
the interest of Grant's Senatorial candi
dacy, in return for which Hardy and such
Republicans as he could influence were to
vote for Maguire for Governor.
Mr. Hardy most emphatically denies
that he over made any deal with Mc-
Carthy of any kind or with any other
Democrat. He cites the fact that Gage
carried San Diego County by 271 major
its-; that two Democratic Supervisors
were elected in the county, as well as a
Democratic County Clerk by 1200 major
ity. He claims that Gage received as
large a vote in San Diego County pro
portionately as he did in any other county
tn the State. He also adds that there
was no necessity for any trading to elect
the Republican legislative ticket in San
San Diego, as both Assembly districts
and the Senatorial district were safely
Republican
WRIGHT MAKES AN
ADMISSION THAT
IS SIGNIFICANT
Attempt Was Made to Tamper With
the Vote of Morris Brooke.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— The bold atteript on
the part of railroad agents to bribe and
intimidate Assemblyman Morris Brooke
created surprise in the Legislature. The
Call's exposure of the scheme came at
the proper time. The members were
prepared to hear that base influences
were employed to advance th> political
fortunes of Dan Burns, but they did not
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
imagine that threats to unseat a mem
ber would follow the failure of efforts
to bribe him. All day long the touts
hay been working to break the force
of The Call's disclosures, but their en
deavors in this direction bring out con
firmatory facts.
Colonel J. B. Wright, division super
intendent of the railroad, saiu in an in
terview to-day: 'About one month ago
a prominent merchant of this city came
to me in the interest of Morris Brooke,
saying that if I would interest myself
in Brooke's behalf, his (Brooke's) vote
could be controlled for United States
Senator. I said at once that I had no
choice at that time for Senator, and,
furthermore, that I did not believe
Brooke's vote could be controlled in
that way. Then I dismissed the matter
and never heard any more about
Brooke until a few days ago, when the
same merchant called me up by tele
phone to assure me that 'That vote is
all right.' I said that it made no dif
ference to me."
The confession that a prominent
merchant was engaged in fixing the
vote of Assemblyman Brooke is sig
nificant. The telephone message to the
effect that the vote was all right surely
intended to convey to Mr. Wright the
knowledge that the vote was all right
for somebody known to the receiver as
well as to the sender of the brie? mes
sage. There is not the slightest doubt
in the world that the sender of the
message in telephoning to Mr. Wright
meant to convey the glad news that
the vote was all right for Dan Burns.
The '"prominent merchant" is doubtless
the man who had the two interviews
with Assemblyman Brooke at the Gol
den Eagle Hotel. In the first interview
the proposition was made to Brooke
that the contest would be dismissed if
he would pledge himself to vote for
some candidate to be named at a future
time. The Assemblyman did not take
kindly to the suggestion of promising
to vote for an unknown and therefore
withheld his reply. When the secona
interview took place the '"prominent
merchant" mentioned the name of Dan
Burns as the candidate whose identity
had been concealed at the first meet
ing. At the second interview the prom
ise of reward to support Burns was
coupled with the threat that the As
semblyman would be unseated if he
did not get into line for Burns.
This circumstance corroborates The
Call's original story that Brooke was in
a distressing position and hesitated to
give a straight answer. The presump
tion is clear that the "prominent mer
chant" construed the hesitation upon
the part of the Assemblyman as a sure
indication that the coveted vote for
Burns had been obtained. The message
was, therefore, telephoned to Colonel
Wright: "That vote is all right."
There are some hidden facts in the
story of attempted bribery and intimi
dation. If The Call had the authority
vested In the Assembly to administer
! oaths, summon witnesses and coniDel
j the production of papers, it would very
soon ascertain the name of the "oromi
nent merchant" who promised to re
ward Assemblyman Brooke, provided
the Assemblyman would vote for Dan
Burns, and then threatened that if
Brooke did not line up for Burns. Wil
liam Johnston would be seated in the
Assembly to represented the Twenty
second District. This is a good time to
expose by name the paid agents ot tha
railroad who offer bribes and utter
threats to influence the votes of mem
bers of the Legislature.
The Assembly has the power to com
pel witnesses to attend and answer
questions.
The "prominent merchant" who of
fered Mr. Brooke a four years' position,
in the County Clerk's office of Sacra
mento, asserting that William B. Ham
ilton had promised a place to J. B.
Wright, had no authority for maklnj?
such an offer. He offered goods that
|he knew he could not deliver. County
• Clerk Hamilton asserts no promise of a
position was made to Colonel Wright,
but on the contrary a position was re
served for Assemblyman Brooke, who
was on the People's ticket along with
I the County Clerk. The Call's Imresti
; gation of the facts in the case shows
i that Mr. Hamilton was in no sense
j connected with the negotiations. Cer
tainly Colonel Wright had no claims
for recognition, as hie opposed the elec
tion of Hamilton.
GLOOM IN THE GRANT CAMP,
The Call's Exposure of the Clough
Scandal Creates Con-
sternation,
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
mento, Jan. 6.— The Grant managers are
sullen and silent in the gloom of their
headquarters. A cloud of scandal hanpa
over their camp. Dan T. Cole"s blundering
attempt to bribe the honest and noble
Judge Clough of Plumas is the talk of the
lobby. It was a sorry day for %rrant when
Cole" left his nice fat berth in the Mint
to do a little practical politics for the San,
Diego statesman.
Milt Green and Jim Brown ascertained
last night that The Call had the trua
story of Cole's letter to Judge Clough,
! and so, to break the force of the dlsclos
| ure, decided to do something to Justify
! the publication of a contradictory state
ment. They reasoned that the trouble
was caused by Cole sending one letter,
and as a remedy decided that be should2
Bend another. He was cautioned, how
eyer, against writing to Judge Clough,
bo General Barnes, whose apartments
were han«ly, was singled out as a shining
merk for the. read\ letter carrier. Milt
< ;.r> . n and Jim Brown probably wrote the
letter, but made no apologies for haste
find a bad pen. Perhaps General Barnes
v.as addrei iuse the eloquence of
th>- orator was once Invoked to send the
San Diego statesman to the Republican
National Convention as a delegate at
largo, and therefore the general was en
t';lcd to receive the announcement that
•the Btatesman from th>- smith was flying
a-.Pignftl of distress. This time the gen
eral did not g'i to the rescue, but simply
exclaimed, with the warmth with which
the rccusion justiiied. "To with Dan
Colo."
Under tfu circumstances, the writing of
the k-tie: Lo Barnes was a grievous mis
fako upon the part of Grant's managers.
It removed the last vestige of doubt that
< '"1 liar" written a letter to Judge Clough,
v.i, in in ;,i, offer was made to pay the
Judge's campaign expenses up to the sum
of $50u if he (( lough) would sign a pledge
to vote for (irant.
The effort of Mill Gieeq to convince the
people oi" California that Cole wrote the
letter on liis responsibility is appreciated
fop what it is woiih. but it is not worth
much. Dan Cole is utt spending his own
money In this fashion.
■The resort to letter writing in dealing
with Judge Clough can be easily ex
plained by known conditions. Quincy, in
Plumas County, where th^ Judge lives.
Is quite a distance from San Francis. o,
and therefore could not be easily reached
by the Grant managers in peAon. There
on old friend was tingled out to com
municate with the Assemblyman from
Plumas. When Dan Cole's full and iree
confession is placed before the public this
surmise will he established as a fact.
Bribery, like murder, will out. Men who
barter in votes Burely come to grief in
tin long run and to ease a troubled con
s. i' nee tell the truth. If the facts
are not brought out in a leg^lative inves
tigation- they may be brought forth in a
Congressional inquiry. In the face of
fat ts known to leading men of California
it is doubtful if Grant could hold a seat
in the United States Senate. Caldwell of
Kansas was forced to resign in order to
avoid expulsion, and the evidence against
his hri nts was no worse than could be
produced against the Grant managers.
The Legislature now in session may de
cline to investigate the scandal connected
with the campaign to secure votes for
Grant, bul U sure as fate the next Legis
lature will take up the subject and get
the bottom facts.
The followers of Burns and the agents
of Grant feel bitterly toward each other,
and the feeling of bitterness increases as
the contest prepresses. Each side say 9
hard things of the other. In the burns
camp there is talk of sending some one
to the penitentiary. The terrible secret
of Senatorial infamy held in reserve by
Burns may be sprung when the joint con
vention proceeds to ballot for Senator.
The statement from Governor Gage that
he would regard a vote cast for Grant as
a personal affront has made the Grant
men more determined than ever, yet there
is gloom in their camp resulting trom
The Call's exposure of the letter written
to Judge dough. The Governor's declar
ation, according to the judgment of weil-
Informed members of the Legislature, wal
work more injury than benefit to Burns'
campaign for the Senatorship.
LEGISLATIVE WORK
OF SMALL CALIBER
Both Houses Rushed Their Busi
ness and Adjourned.
Senate Standing Committees An*
flounced — Kicks Were Numer
ous and Strong in the
Assenniy.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, BACRA
BUSNTO, Jan. 6.— The Senate held a short
session this morning and adjourned till 9
a. m. to-morrow without transacting any
thing more important than adopting the
resolution agreed upon by the majority
and minority caucuses yesterday and
published in The Call this morning in
structing the California Senators to vote
for the ratification of the peace treaty
■ and to oppose all amendments proposed
thereto.
Stratton offered the following amend
ment to the resolution, which was lost
,'by a vote of 33 noes to 2, ayes: ;
"Strike out the words "and to vote
against any amendment, thereto* and in
sert in lieu thereof the following; 'Pro
vided that an effort shall have Been first
* made by our Senators to amend said
treaty by declaring against the perma
nent cession to or annexation by the
United States of the entire group of the
Philippine Islands.' "
. There was a scramble of Senators to
.obtain leave of absence to-morrow, know
ing that when the Senate meets then it
will be merely for the purpose of ad
journing over until Tuesday, thus keep
' ing within the requirements of the law.
Davis brought up the treaty resolution
as soon as the Senate met, and after it
had been adopted and sent to the house
Morehouse offered a resolution providing
for the payment of $135. the cost of the
forty-live copies of the constitution pur
chased for the use of members yesterday.
The rules were suspended and the resolu
. tion passed.
The members further provided for their
own convenience by authorizing the hir
ing of six typewriting machines and the
placing of a telephone in the sergeant at
arms' office.
Smith's resolution making the first in
; troduction of bills the special order for
Tuesday at 2 p. m. was adopted.
Lieutenant Governor Neff announced 5
the appointment of the following stand
ing committees, after which the Senate
adjourned:
Farming and Manufacturing Interests— Nutt
Chairman) Currier, Maggard, Rowell, Dick
inson, La Hue. Doty.
Attaches, Contingent Kxpenses and Mileage—
Flint (chairman,', Bulla. Prisk.
Banks and Banking— Wolfe (chairman), Cur
rier, Morehouse. Dwyer, H psrs.
Municipal Corporations— Taylor (chairman),
M'li-phouse. Cutter, Bulla, Wolfe, Haggard
t'urtln, Sims, Doty.
Cimmfiw. H.nhors, Rivers and Coast De
fenses— Shnrtrlrtßp (chairman), Gillette, Nutt
Bulla. Bettman, Dwyer, Braunhart.
< 'orporations— Simpson (chairman), Rowell,
Bnycp, Flint. Shortridpe. Dickinson, Leavltt,
< 'utter, Dwyer, Doty. Braunhart.
County Government ami Township Organiza
tion— Morehouse (chairman), Stratton, Burnett
Currier. Rims, Pace. ABhe.
Education and Public Morals— Boyce (chair
man), Bettman, Leavitt, Feeney, Rowell.
Elections — Stratton (chairman). Currier,
Davis. Bhortridge, Jones, Sims. Curtln.
Enrolled and Engrossed Bills— Jones (chair
i. Shortridge, Feeney.
Federal Relation* and Immigration— Leavitt
! (chairman). Simpson, Pace..
Finance nnd Claims— Dickinson (chairman),
Uulla, Wolfe, Luchsinger. Rowell, Flint, Smith,
Boggs, Prick, Langtord, La Rue.
Forestry, Fish ami »}ame«-Luchsinger (chalr
: man). Rowell, Majrgard. Hoses, Curtin.
Hospitals, Health and yuarantine— Rowell
(chairman), Maggard. Nutt, Pace, Braunhart.
I Irrigation and Water Hlghtd— Currier (chair
man), Rowell, Laird. Cutter, Maggard, Pace,
I ("urtln, Poty. Chapman.
Judiciary — Gillette (chairman). Davis. Strat
tnn. Morehouse, Dickinson, Bulla, Wolfe. Nutt,
Cutter, Boyce, Taylor, Sims, Ashe, Curttn,
Simpson, Smith.
Labor and Capital — Hoey (chairman). Cur
rier. Nutt. }!< sus. Sims.
Mines. Drainage and Debris — Davis (chair
man). Laird, Cutter. Chapman. Prlsk.
Military Affairs— Laird (chairman), Burnett,
Nutt. Pace. I.;; Rue.
Public Bulldinffl Other than Prison Build
in*H--Smith (chairman). Nutt, Jones. Trout,
Laird, Taylor. Gillette, Hall. Dwyer. La Rue,
l'ri=k.
Public Printing nn'l Statc> Library— Troutt
(chairman). Cutter. Flint. Prl!>k. Doty.
Public nnd Swamp and Overflowed Lands—
Maaxard (chairman). Cutter. Luchslnger, Doty,
I Langford.
Roads and Highways— Cutter (chairman),
Davis. Currier. Maggard, Ashe. La Rue. Laird.
Rules and Revision— T>ttman (chairman),
st:;:tt. n. Dwyer.
State Prisons and Prism Buildings— Bulla
fcrmlrmnn). Dickinson, Hoey, Boyce, Betttnan.
I':io<\ Boggß.
utlve i 'ommuniratlons nnd Nominations —
BurrrHt (chairman), Storehouse, Boyce.
A GENERAL KICK WAS MADE.
Assemblymen Protested at Every-
thing From the Weather to
Waste Baskets.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
-ICENTO, Jan. 6.— Grove L. Johnson's As
sembly bill No. 1, providing $50,000 for the
use of the State Printing Office, came
back to the Assembly this morning, after
having been passed by the Senate, and
was sent to be enrolled, engrossed, print
ed anu handed to the Governor for his
signature.
It was praetioaly a stand up and roll
call session this morning, as It will be to
morrow. The little business that was on
hand was pushed through or delayed till
later in the month as rapidly as could be,
but. though the time was short, the legis
lators had time to kick, and a general
kick it was. The members froae through
the rollcall and shivered through the
prayer of the chaplain, but they objected
to the general frost when the usual order
of business came on.
Mead of Los Angeles arose to a ques
tion of information and wanted to know
why it was the Secretary of State did not
attend to the proper heating of the cham
ber, as was his duty.
Speaker Wright said he thought the
question timely, but said he had already
had his attention called to the matter by
chattering statesmen and had called upon
the proper officials to have the chill dis
pi reed.- He thought it would be com
fortably warm by Tuesday morning.
Melick of Los Angeles had a kick com
ing, too. It was a reiteration of one that
he introduced earlier in the session, and
was decidedly pertinent. He put it in
the form of a resolution, that was adopt
ed, directing the sergeant at arms to ttn-d
out what had become of the wastepaper
baskets, extra desks and chairs bought
at the last session for the use of the As
sembly. He wanted to know where they
had gone, "if the sergeant at arms could
find out," so that the use of them might
be had at the present session.
There was a general kick on the official
stenographers as well. Since they got
their jobs, none of the shorthand people
have turned up around the building, and
a number of the San Francisco delegation
got up to ask what had become of them.
Speaker Wright said he had seen none of
them, and he instructed them from the
chair that hereafter they would be re
quired to report each morning to the chief
clerk and be ready to do whatever busi
ness was on hand.
Senator Cutter's anti-wine resolution,
affecting the inaugural ball, came back
to the Assembly from the Benate attached
to Assembly concurrent resolution 3, and
it was passed in Just fifty seconds and
without debate.
The report of the Committee on Mile
age came up for adoption and gave rise to
considerable debate. It allowed each mem
ber 10 cents a mile for every mile he had
traveled in getting to the capital and 10
cents a mile back again. Some claimed
their accounts short, others that they had
been awarded too much. Grove Johnson
gave vent to 20 cents" worth of virtue by
moving as an amendment to the report
that the 20 cents allowed him for traveling
from his office at Third and X streets to
the Assembly chamber be stricken out on
the ground that he aid not consider its
allowance constitutional.
Assemblyman Knight of Sacramento did
the same thing, and after a half-dozen
other petty amendments the report was
adopted.
Burnett of San Luis Oblspo proved that
he was here for the benefit of his con
stituents by Introducing a joint resolution
directing Congress to do everything it
honorably could to effect the building of
the breakwater at Port San Luis. His res
olution, which was referred to the Com
mittee on Federal Relations, was as fol
lows:
Whereas, the growing Importance of the com
merce of the Pacific Coast demands the de
velopment of our various harbors; therefore,
be it
Resolved, By the Assembly, the Senate con
curring, that our Senators and Representatives
in ConxreHS be requested to use all honorable
means to secure a sufficient appropriation to
complete the Port San Luis breakwater with
out further delay.
Resolved, Further, that the chief clerk of
the Assembly be instructed to transmit by mall
a copy of these resolutions to each of our Sen
ators and Representatives in Congress.
Henry of San Francisco introduced a
resolution, which was adopted, providing
for the purchase of eighty-five copies of
the pocket edition of the Codes of Cali
fornia for distribution among the mem
bers. It was followed by one from Valen
tine of Lob Angeles authorizing the Con
troller to draw a warrant for $255 in pay
ment for eighty-five copies of Henning's
Constitution of the State, which have al
ready been delivered.
Belshaw's concurrent resolution Indors
ing the policy of President McKlnley
cume back from the Benate with a substi
tute in the shape of Senate joint resolu
tion No. 2. A mistake was found in the
title of the resolution and It was sent back
to th« Senate for correction.
Dibble brought matters to a close by
declaring that there was not enough busi
ness on hand to warrant further work,
and moved an adjournment to 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning. He said there would
be nothing to be done then but the an
nouncement of committees and the roll
call and that he would again move for ad-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
Journment and until Tuesday morning at
10 o'clock.
STANDING COMMITTEES
OF THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Speaker Wright will an
nounce the standing committees of the
Assembly as soon as that body convenes
to-morrow morning, and he is glad it is
all over. The building of those commit
tees has been a month's hard work. Twice
he has had his list practically completed
and each time found some one or other
who was not satisfied with his allotment
and the whole thing had to be torn to
pieces again to sandwich him in. As a
result of it all, though, Speaker Wright
has what he considers the best list of
standing committees ever appointed in the
Assembly. In his opinion there are more
able men on the floor this year than in
any year of legislative history and he as
signs this fact to the high standard set
by the country districts at the recent
election and the assistance given him in
his selection by Speaker pro tern. Alden
Anderson. *
The Judiciary Committee this year
was cut to fit the cloth. There are just
twenty lawyers on the floor, and nineteen
of them were assigned to the committee.
All twenty would have been obliged to do
duty, but Mead of Los Angeles begged off,
on the ground that he wanted other work.
Grove L. Johnson was made its chairman,
find his work will be no light matter, as
the Committee on Constitutional Amend
ments and that on Crimes and Penalties
have been consolidated with the judiciary,
and the combination is a difficult one to
deal with.
The committees on engrossment and en
rollment have been combined, and that on
codes and statutes eliminated, as its work
is now being done by the Code Commis
sion. Belshaw of Contra Costa is down
as chairman of the Election Laws Com
mittee, and proposes to have the general
election law perfected before he goes out
of office.
The chairmanship of the Committee on
Ways and Means went to the Los An
geles delegation, and Assemblyman Val
entine got the appointment. Mr. Valen
tino has been of inestimable assistance- to
Speaker Wright since he took up his new
duties, and his reward is the most im
portant committee of the lower hou«o.
Dibble of San Francisco made a hard
fight for the chairmanship of the Com
mttee on Rules, and got it. What Mr.
l»il>hle will do with it remains to be seen.
The complete list is as follows:
Committee on State Prisons and Reformatory
Institutions— Chairman, Atherton, Bliss, Henry.
Bwehen. Kugene Sullivan. Glenn, Fatrweather.
< ' inmittea on Swamp and Overflowed Lands—
Dunlaj), chairman; Raub, Pierce. Knl«ht:?,
Beecher. Muenter, Milice. nmoke. Stewart.
Committee on State Library — Brown, chair
man; ("lough, Cobb, Dale. Feliz.
Committee on Corporations — Anderson, chair-
DIbCUSSINGi TME- S'&NATOftIAL SITUATION-
man; Raub, Cosper. Greenwell. La Baree, Rob
inson. Mead, Mack, Cowan.
Ways and Means Committee — Valentine,
chairman; Belshaw. Cobb, Kelly, Knighta,
Arnerich. Works, Sanford, Griffin, Warden.
Committee on Agriculture— Uoynton, chair
man: Le Baron. Stuart, McDonald of Alameda,
Cowan. DeLancie, Dale.
Committee on Claims— McDonald of Alameda.
chairman; Crowder. Robinson, Barry, Muen
ter, Cowan, Burnett.
I'ummlttee on Attaches and Employes— Kelly,
chairman: Marvin, dough, Rickard. Meservo.
C rnmitee nn Banks and Banking— Jilson,
chairman; Conrey, Crowder, Cargill, E. I).
Sullivan.
Committee on Commerce and Navigation—
Knowland. chairman; Clark, Dunlap, Devoto,
Merrltt. Miller of Los Angeles, Hanley. E. D.
Sullivan. Glenn.
Committee on County and County Boundaries
— Arnerich, chairman; Millce, DeLancie, Raw,
Burnett.
Committee on County and Township Gov
ernment—Huber, chairman; Mellick. Miller of
Los Angeles. Kelly. Blood. ■ Rickard. Wade,
Johnson, Kenneally, Camlnetti, Meserve,
White. Sanford.
Committee on Contested Elections— Cosper,
chairman: Henry, Wade, Dale, Pierce, Crow-
ley, Cowan.
Committee on Dairies and Dairy Products—
Leßaron. chairman; Brown, Atherton, Boyn
ton. Anderson, Boone, Sanford.
Committee on Judiciary— Johnson, chairman;
Cloueh. Dibble, Lardner. Dunlap, Cobb, Brown,
Cosj .?r, Valentine, Conrey, Chenoweth. Works,
Muenter. Camlnettl. Hanley. E. D. Sullivan,
White, Boone, Mack.
Committee on Election " Laws— Belshaw,
chairman; Miller of Los Angeles, Rickard. Mel
lick Marvin, White, Mead.
Committee on Education— DeLancle, chair
man: Conrey, McDonald of Alameda, Pierce.
Copper, Camlnettl, Feliz.
Committee on Engrossment and Enrollment
Rickard. chairman; Arnerich, Bliss, Mlllce,-
Devoto, Stewart, Brooke.
Committee on Fish and Game— Eugene Sulli
van, chairman; Blood. Anderson, Belshaw,-
Greenwell, Hanley, Fellz. r
Committee on Fruit and Vine Interest—
Beecher. chairman; Radcllff, Clark, Melllck,
Raun, Brooke, Griffin.
Committee on Federal Relations— Dale, chair
man: Johnson, Brown. Carglll. O'Brien.
Committee on Irrigation— Mllice. chairman;
Miller of Los Angeles. Crowder, Merrltt. Lund
qulst Radcllff, Griffin, Falrweather, Stewart.
Committee on Labor and Capital— Mummer,
chairman; Kenneally, Works, wade, Henry,
Hoey Sanford.
Committee on Manufactures and Internal Im
provements— Kelsey, chairman; Bliss. McDon
ald of Tuolumne, McKee, Merrill, , Hoey,
O'Brien.
Committee on Mileage— Oreenweli; chairman;
Robinson. McKee, Huber, Burnett.
Committee on Military— chairman:
Barry, Blood, Chenoweth, Lundqulst, Crowley,
Boor.".
Committee on Mines and Mining— Robinson,
chairman: Raw, Jllson, Lardner, Blood, dough,
McDonald of Tuolumne. Mack, Meserve.
Committee on Municipal Corporations— Ran-,
chairman; Dibble. Merrill, Barry, Bliss, Men;,
Mo^erve.
Committee on Public Health and Quarantine—
'"'aiTlll. chairman: La Baree, Jllson, Anderson,
Merrill, Crowley, Brooke.
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
— Crowder, chairman; TCelsey, McKee, Dp Lan
cle. Conrey. Pierce, Knowland,- Barry, Glenn,
Committee on Public Lands and Forestry— ■,
Kenneally, chairman; Knights, La Baree, Lund
qulst. Warden.
Committee on . Public Morals — Miller of San
Francisco, chairman: Marvin, Atherton, Huber,
Radcllff. Crowley, O'Brien. „ ■ ' „M , '
Committee on Pub le. Printing— Radcllff.
chairman: Beecher, Raw, Johnson, Cobb, Grlf
■ Committee on State' Capitol. Public Works
and Chenoweth. chairman; Raub. Lard
ner Knights, Knowland, Fairweather. White.
Committee on Commissions and Public Ex
penditures—Conrey. chairman: Dunl&p. Cheno
weth Clark. Devoto. Burnett. Hoey.
Committee on Roads and Highways— Mel'ii-k.
chairman: Brown, Knnwland. Merrltt. Miller
of San Francisco. McDonald of Tuolumne,
•Ath/>rtoh La Baree, Caminettl, Falrweather,
Mack.
Committee on Rules and Regulations— Dibble,
chairman: Marvin. Lardner, Lundquist. L»Bar-
Commltteo on Hospitals and Asylums— Wn.de,
chairman: Marvin, Lardner. Lundnulst, Le Bar
ron Merrltt. Clark. Meserve. O'Brien.
BURNS TRYING HARD
TO CONTROL DEMOCRATS
TALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— There is one force in the
California Legislature that Burns people
fear mightily, and that Is the thirty-five
votes the Democrats and Populists have
on Joint ballot.
As proof positive that the claims made
by the managers of Mexican Dan's can
vass that their man will be elected on the
first ballot are absolutely false and witn
out foundation, It is only necessary to
recite the fact that the handlers of Col
onel Burns' fight are showing a phenom
enal interest in keeping the Democrats
in line for a Democratic Senatorial candi
date to the close of the fight.
If Colonel Burns had the requisite num
ber of votes to secure his election on the
first ballot or on a few subsequent bal
lots, neither he nor his friends would care
whether the Democratic members voted
for a Republican or for a Democrat for
United States Senator. It would be to
them a matter of perfect indifference. But
the colonel is far short of the requisite
votes to win, and his managers are well
aware of the fact. This being the case
they anticipate a lone drawn out fight,
and the possibility or the Democratic
members, or some of them, stepping in
at a timely moment and breaking a deau
lock.
The Burns people also realize the fact
that if even Democratic Assemblymen
and Senators do enter the contest to vote
for a Republican for United States Sena
tor that Republican will not be Daniel M.
Burns.
So a resolution was introduced in the
Democratic joint caucus which if adopted
would have had the effect of tying the
Democratic legislators into voting for a
Democratic Senator to the end of the
fight.
The resolution was promptly consigned
to oblivion, being tabled by the decisive
vote of 18 to 8. without even being ac
corded discussion The sentiment of the
caucus was practically unanimous.
Only on two ballots are the Democratic
members of the Legislature compelled by
the mandate of their caucus to vote for
a Democrat. On the first ballot they are
to vote for Senator Stephen M. White,
and on the second ballot for James D.
Phelan.
After that, unless some change in pres
ent plans is made, the Democrats will be
able to act as a free and independent
force in the Senatorial contest, and some
of them will undoubtedly exercise their
freedom.
Assemblyman Fairweather of Fresno
County is one of those Democrats who
take a very bold position in the Senatorial
contest. Mr. Fairweather states that
while he was elected as a Democrat, he is
in the California Legislature as a repre
sentative of the people, and after having
done his party duty he will, if he Rees flt,
exercise his right to vote for a Republican
for Senator If by so doing he can save the
good name of the State.
There are other Democrats who are
equally as Independent rs Assemblyman
Fairweather. Assemblyman Meserve of
San Bernardino County and Assemblyman
Mead of Los Angeles County will, so it 13
claimed, take the same position that the
courageous Assemblyman from Fresno
County does.
What the Burns people fear Is that In
the event there should be a sharp contest
for a number of days and that Grant
should make a showing of strength which
would bring him In sight of the coveted
prize there might be a stampede of Demo
crats to his column which would sweep
him In.
It Is stated on excellent authority that
already five Democratic legislators have
ledfred themselves to vote for Grant In
the event the contest proves a long one.
This If the nucleus of the Democratic
stampede which the Burns managers fear.
Milton Green, Grant's manager, does not
deny that Grant may receive Democratic
votes, but he does say that the first prop
osition they are trying to work out is to
elect Mr. Grant by Republican votes. It
Is claimed that the Burns people do not
desire a caucus at first, but if after the
balloting has continued for several dayß
no result is reached, they propose to force
a caucus before thorp can be any Demo
cratic stampede to Grant.
The Grant forces received another addi
tion to-day in the way of a worker. Col
onel A. G. Gassen. member of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, arrived
fmm San Diego this evening, and Imme
diately launched himself into the fight for
the San Diego man.
JUDGE WAYMIRE A
CANDIDATE FOR SENATOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Judge James A. Way
mlre, one of the foremost candidates for
Senatorial honors at the last sesßlon of
the Legislature, arrived at the capita!
this evening and registered at the Golden
Eagle. In an Interview he said:
"I came over from Modesto, where I
have some irrigation Interests, intending
to return to my home in Alameda this
afternoon. My purpose in stopping over
was to meet old friends here and look over
the situation as to the Senatorship. I
have an ambition to be Senator, but have
not organized any contest. I shall not
spend any money and not much time. If
the contest should be prolonged and if I
could serve the party and the State by
helping to harmonize the elements as a
compromise candidate I would be only
too glad to do so.
"I believe I could be of service to the
State in Washington at this time. There
are very important questions pending and
likely to come up in relation to the Nlca
raguan canal, the impro%'ement of our
harbors, the construction of reservoirs
for the irrigation of our arid lands, our
foreign policy and other important na
tional issues, to which I have given some
attention.
•'I have a great many friends in both
houses of the Legislature, who assure me
that they will Be glad to support me.
Many of them, however, are committed
to other candidates, who were earlier in
the contest. I cannot expect their sup
port until they have fulfilled their obliga
tions to others. I return home to-morrow
afternoon and expect to be here again
next week, prepared to stay a few days
and take the chances of the contest."
SENATOR BOGGS' BILL TO
LOAN MONEY TO THE STATE
CALL HEADQUARTEDS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— On Tuesday next Sena
tor Boggs of Colusa will introduce into
the T:nate the following bill providing
for the loaning of public moneys to reli
able banking institutions, and the crea
tion of State and county depositories for
public cash. Senator Boggs' bill follows
the line laid down in the report of ex-
State Treasurer Will S. Green. It is as
follows:
An act eßtnblishlng a State and County
Hoard of Deposits; to define the duties thereof
and authorizing the establishment of deposi
tories of public moneys:
The people of the State of California, repre
sented In Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section 1. The Governor, the State Treasurer
an.l the Attorney General shall constitute a
State Board of Deposits, and the Board of Su
pervisors of each county in the State shall con
stitute a County Board of Deposits, and each
board shall have the powers and exercise the
duties hereinafter provided. The Govern' .r
?hall be the president of the State Board and
any clerk. In the office of the State Treasurer,
whore the records shall be kept, may be desig
nated as secretary.
Sec. 2. As soon as practicable after the
passage of this act the State Board shall make
and establish such rules, consistent with this
act, concerning State and county depositories
as it may deem expedient, which rules may
from time to time he amended. As often as
necessity require? the State Board shall ad
vertise in one paper in each city of 10,000 in
habitants for bids for the use of the State's
money. Bids must state the rate of Interest,
which must not be less than 2 per cent per
annum, proposed to be paid on daily balances,
and the class of bonds proposed to be deposited
as security for any funds that might be In
trusted to the bidder.
No money must be deposited In any State or
county depository unleps secured by the deposit
in the State Treasury of the United StateH.
State or th« county of municipal bonds of this
State to the full face value of the deposit to be
made. The State Board must fix a percentage
of county and municipal Indebtedness on the
assessed value of the property, above
which the bonds of no county or municipality
must be taken as security by either State or
county; and whenever bonJs are impaired in
value, from any cause, the County Board, in
case of a county, and the State Hoard in any
case, must require additional deposits. In
making awards between bidders offering an
equal rate of interest the State Board shall
consider the widest distribution of the money
and the location of State institutions. Upon
the deposit of the bonds as above provided,
and when the rules of the board have been
complied with, the State Treasurer must make
the proper deposits and tne place of deposit
shall be known ac a State depository-
Sec. 3. Kach County Board shall advertise
as often as may be necessary, in at least one
newspaper in the county, for four weeks for
bids for the use of the money in the County
Treasury. Each bid must state the rate of In
terest that will be paid on daily balances,
which shall not be less than 2 per cent, and
the character of bonds proposed to be deposited
as security. The board In making the award
shall make as nearly as practicable an equal
distribution of the money among equal bid
ders, and shall also when practicable give
preference to those offering local bonds for de
posit. Upon notification by the State Treasurer
that the bonds have been deposited as awarded
the County Treasurer shall make the proper de
posit, and the place of deposit shall be known
as a county depository.
Bee. 4. The Controller and each County Audi
tor shall each draw warrants on the State or
County Treasurer, as at present, and the Treas
urer shall draw his check on the proper depos
itory, giving as far as practicable the option
to the payee. Both the State and County
Treasurer must keep in \-iew the equal distri
bution of the moneys drawn, and if it be
comes necessary to draw heavier on one than
another in proportion to the amounts depos
ited, the Treasurer, State or County, is au
thorized to draw his check on one depository
in favor of another.
Sec. 5. On the failure of any depository to
pay checks from the proper source, the board
under whose Jurisdiction the depository shall
be must at once proceed to settle up with the
depository, and if necessary may summarily
sell the deposited bonds; and if there shall
be any deficiency, may seize upon any prop
erty of the corporation, and If not sufficient
shall be found of corporate property, then, In
dividual property of stockholders must b<?
taken, aa provided by the Code of Civil Pro
cedure.
Sec. 6. The owners of any of the bonds de
posited as security under this act may deliver
the tax receipts for taxes paid upon such
bonds to the State Board of Deposits, and the
said receipts shall be accepted as so much
cash upon the payment of Interest from said
owners or depositors to the State and to the
county where such owners reside.
Sec. 7. The State Board shall cause to be
established between the several State and
county depositories a system of exchange by
which the cost of transportation of the public
moneys may be as far as practicable elim
inated.
Sec. 8. The State Treasurer shall Inquire
into the sufficiency of county deposits before
he notifies a County Treasurer of their re
ceipt, and If he hnve any doubts shall lay the
matter before the Treasurer, who may reject
the same or may require additional deposits.
Sec 9 Neither the State nor any County
Treasurer shall be liable on their official bonds
for losses occurring by default of any depos
itory.
Sec 10 A«t soon as the terms of the present
incumbents expire the offices of County Treas
ury and County Tax Collector shall be con
solidated.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIANS
VISITING THE CAPITAL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Thomas F. Gibbon of
Los Angeles, vice president of the Ter
minal Railway, is in the city, advising
with the friends of U. S. Grant.
John B. Bushnell, president of the Co
lumbia Club, the leading Republican or
ganization of Southern California, is here,
to remain until after the Senatorial bat
tle is over. Mr. Bushnell is a strong sup
porter of Bulla's ambition.
Leon F. Moss, a prominent Los Angeles
attorney, is here, to remain until after
the Inaugural ball. Mr. Mops is inclined
to favor the Senatorial aspirations of U.
S. Grant.
Charles W. Palm, the leading law book
publisher of Southern California, is here.
He will endeavor to persuade the Legis
lature to purchase some of his publica
tions.
John C. Cline, Collector of the Port of
Los Angeles, is here, taking quite a prom
inent part in the Senatorial fight as a
supporter of U. S. Grant.
Colonel E. J. Ensign of Los Angeles is
here, looking for an appointment in the
adjutant general's office.
SOME QUEER THINGS
ABOUT ELECTION MONEY
Revelations of the Republican Central
Committee Report
Governor Gage's Opposition to Grant Is the
Sensation of the Day at the State
Capital.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— When an individual
is interested in the welfare of a party,
for him to subscribe toward the meet
ing of its legitimate expenses is, of
course, proper. Campaigns cannot be
run on wind, although I am bound to
say they can't be run without wind
either. A glance at the report of the
Republican Central Committee is in
teresting. It shows total receipts $49,
--722 10 and expenditures of $49,649 39.
This ought to leave a little balance, but
it is understood the committee is in
i debt. However legitimate donations
| may be, some of them are peculiar
i when taken into consideration together
with the other side of the account. For
i instance smiling Billy Hamilton gave
1 $20, and was paid $50 on "speakers' ac
count." Where was the speech de
livered? If it was merely one of the or
dinary talks of the Federal push, pro
jected hatwise, the figure is too high,
leaving Hamilton $30 winner. Jake
i Shaen gave $37 50 on two different oc
casions, but he draws a Federal salary
while doing State politics and could af
ford to be generous. Dan Cole threw
$99 into the pot and drew out $360 for
"election expenses." Whose election is
not stated. Among the men paid for
making speeches Major Kyle heads the
list, but he made many speeches, and
good ones. But why should Long John
Wilkins appear on the same roll? John
is no orator.
Why should Tirey L. Ford have
charged $7 when one of the important
offices was his reward? These ques
tions are not asked captiously, but with
a desire for information. Nor is it
clear why Steppacher should have
drawn as salary $508 50. He should
have been content with hib Federal
salary, for which he performed no work
during the weeks the Republican Cen
tral Committee devoted to planning
the election of Dan Burns.
It is not surprising that the Pacific
and Sunset Telephone companies
should have chipped in $2000. It has
been doing things which a legislator
might be induced to characterize as
felonies. It has its workers here. too.
probably to be paid out of a separate
fund. George Crocker contributed $7500.
but far be it from me to intimate that
this was railroad money, for the rail
road had already declared itself not in
politics. Dan Burns himself gave 11,
--000 Candelarian dollars. The purity of
his motives will not be questioned, for
there is not any.
Altogether a stud- of th« report Is an
instructive lesson in pocketbook pa
triotism. I forgot to say that Major
McLaughlin is down for $2500, which,
with the time he surrendered to boom
ing Burns, was exceedingly liberal.
Southern California seems not to
have added to the central committee
spending money. Nobody in Gage's
county of IS.OOO Republican voters save
Federal office holders responded to the
opportunity. Either the idea prevailed
that Gage was not worth it or that the
north would furnish the necessary
votes. I have noticed that, as a rule,
in California politics the north supplies
the money and votes, while the south
gets the offices.
Nobody is doing anything but specu
late as to the outcome of the Senato
rial fight. Into this tight no new ele
ments have been thrust. Knight has
gone home, but this does not change the
situation. Barnes is still here, his
friends around him, but those who are
not bound to him sneak of the Rosser
trial with the lack of defense, the piti
ful breakdown of the State's case a? a
poor sort of boost toward Senatorial
honors. I have not heard much of
Bulla's chances, and am inclined to
think they are dreams.
The sensation is the position of Gov
ernor Gage. Heart and soul he is for
Burns, and is under the thumb of that
eminent defaulter and statesman where
he wriggles in apparent content. I am
sorry to have been forced into the be
lief that Gage is the smallest man in
tellectually that ever sat in the execu
tive chair, and Waite has been Gover
no: of Colorado. If he had not been
chosen to carry out the purpose of
somebody else, he would never have
been chosen; but realizing this from
the moment of his nomination people
did not think he would devote the pow
ers of his place to insulting California
by attempting the elevation of Burns.
They may have regarded him as a boor,
but they could not realize him as a
willing tool.
Gage declares that the vote of any
man for Grant will be considered a per
sonal affront. Here is a pretty pfc*
ture. The Governor of a great State
using the authority of his office as a
club to hold over the heads of legis
lators, the chosen servant of the peo
ple dictating that they shall have upon
them the shame of a Burns in the Sen
i ate. The truth could have been better
.expressed this way: "Every vote cast
for Burns will be a personal affront to
; every citizen of California save the
I ragtag and bobtail of the political
i slums."
Gage has probably succeeded in do
: ing just the opposite of that which he
had intended to do. If Burns had any
, chance Gage, posing in the attitude of
I buliy and blusterer, has killed it. If
i Grant had a hard tight Gage has bat
tered down the barricades and cleared
; the path of the San Diegan. I do not
: suppose tlna Grant feels particularly
grateful, fur a gift is judged by the
; spirit of the giver. Nevertheless, in a
: stupid and blundering way, Gage has
i done more for him than was in the ex
ecutive power io do for Burns. This
! Legislature is not to be driven. It does
[ not fear Gage, and it is rapidly learning
not to respect him. Gage will get no
j more gulden eggs. He has slain the
Burns guutse. From the standpoint of
! politics tnere could not have been a
worse play. The goose needed killing,
but there was no obligation upon Gage
|to perform the slaughter. The act was
ungrateful and uncouth, an exhibition
lof shortsightedness and churlishness.
I Gage helps bring about the defeat ut
: Burns and yet is entitled to no credit.
| He is like the man who fires a gun at
: the enemy, but linds the weapon dan
\ gerous only at the breech and his own
j earthworks demolished.
It is a good thing that the inaugural
ball is to be on the prohibition plan.
, There are plenty of people here who
i arise in the morning with painful recol
| lections of the night before, and for the
I State to give them a free drunk would
i promote the intensity of remorse,- as
I well as subject more people to it. In
augural balls are at their best when
all the guests are sober, and a states
man picking his way thrc-ugh a maze
I of skirts and electric lights, beauty and
grace, at the same time carrying two
thirds of a jag, would be at a distinct
| disadvantage.
Many of the San Franciscans here
i appear perfectly at home. I learn that
i they are in Sacramento every session,
: either holding jubs or chasing one. If
' the job eludes them they chase some
body who was mere fortunate and ul
: timately induce some tender-hearted
i one to pay their fare back to the city.
They explain that they would willingly
walk, except that the walking is bad
! beyond Oakland. A p,art of the dis-
I appointed ones have already gone, but
j the remarks they made about the Bel
shaw law still poison the air.
The subject of bribery has been men
tioned. All the gentlemen I have asked
about it assure me they have not been
| bribed, and have not bribed anybody:
With Purist Burns in the race, of
course such methods of diplomacy
would be regarded with horror. It ia
a comfort to learn that bribery is here
| looked on as crime, particularly if
i found out.
Several people have intimated vari
ously that newspaper notoriety is not to
their taste. I can only regret that I
was not sent here with orders to cater
to their tastes. An excellent way in
which to avoid notoriety is to behave
oneself, and I suggest this to the plain
tiffs in the case.
This has been a very quiet day. Yes
terday there was music by the band,
but to-day chin music is the limit.
However, the patter of the rain makes
melody not to be despised.
Several prize-fighters have arrived. I
do not know what Senatorial boom they
represent, but there are no ring events
scheduled, they are not in training, nor
are they supposed to be in quest of
health. The picture of Mose Gunst
publicly showing his diamond-studded
shirt front made a great hit. Some of
the push looked at it longingly. "It'a
a wonder we let Mose get out of town
with them shiners," said one of them.
Colds are prevalent here, so when a
statesman is heard speaking In husky
whispers, there is no possibility of tell
ing whether or not he talked hims. If
into the condition.
SKAGUAY IS AGAIN
VISITED BY FLAMES
Destruction of the Theater Royal, the
Largest Variety Show in the
Place.
JUNEATT. Alaska, Jan. 2 (via Victoria,
Jan. ti>.— The Theater Royal, the largest
place of variety entertainment in Skag
uay, was burned last Saturday night. A.
lamp exploded in one of the rooms of the
women performers. The loss is about $15 -
000. Two buildings, one on each aide, were
razed by the Fire Department, ana the
sture of H. A. Baner & Co. was consid
er bly damaged.
Skaguay was very fortunate with this
fire. A heavy gale coming down the
gulch from the mountains had subsided
the day before, which was, in all proba
bility, the only thing that saved the town.BULLA SAVED GAGE
AND WAS BETRAYED
The Governor Cried for Help and Now
Forgets His Promises,
The Executive Outlines a Scheme to Replace
Senator Perkins Four Years Hence by
the Grace of the Railroad.
r-ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Henry T. Gage, Gov
ernor of the State of California, prides
himself upon the fact that he is the
boul of political honor. Mr. Gage has
often asserted that he never forgets a
pledge made nor a promise piven. But
it would seem that in these latter days
Mr. Gage's memory is either failing him
i ! ili" political honor about which he
■ alked so much ia merely an air
ehip.
There was a time during the cam
paign of 1898 that the prospects for the
n of Mr. Gage were not brilliant.
Angeles County there was no
wild enthusiasm over the campaign of
Mr. Gage, in fact there was a great
d<-al of Republican apathy existing, and
ame necessary for something to
be done to bring prominent Republicans
into the tight in order to save Gage's
county from being placed in the
lire column.
itor Bulla had a number of stanch
friends in the Republican party in Los
Angeles County, and in the hour of his
saity Governor Gage, then plain
lKnry Gage, turned to these friends of
Xiulla for succor.
And he did not appeal in vain. The
friends of Bulla assured Mr. Gage that
they would go forth and aid him, and
they did so.
In return for this Mr. Gage agreed
that whoever the Los Angeles County
delegation in the Legislr.ture agreed
upon as Senator that man would be
his candidate, and he would, if elected
Governor, aid in bringing about the
tion of that man tv the Senator
fchip.
Mr. Gage even went further. He
. that if th<- man agreed upon was
not from Loa Angeles County or city,
it mattered pot to him; it would be
just the same as long as he came from
Southern California.
Then Mr. Gage went on to state that
elected -be failed to keep
ledge he could be visited at his
in the Capitol and he would be
willing to be upbraided.
Mr. tiage has certainly forgotten his
ad he has demonstrated the
fact that his loudly heralded and
milch advertised political honor is
purely a myth.
For days past all the power of the
administration has been used to
tea to the camp of the man
from Mexico. Not one single, solitary
move, ht's the Governor made to aid
the canvass of Senator Bulla, whose
friends in October and November last
Worked night and day to save Los An
■ .. <• and to spare him the
humiliation of losing the county in
which tie had resided for thirty years.
In the halls and corridors of the Capi
tal, in the rooms of the Golden Eagle
the streets of Sacramento leg
islators who refused to be forced into
the Burns camp have been threatened
with the vengeance of the State admin
istration. The friends of Bulla here
cramento have borne up heroically
' this betrayal and have said
•:g. They do not now, but to-day
mblyman W. S. Mellick of Los An
;dlod upon Governor Gage for an
view. It was accorded him, and
nor, to a certain extent, un-
J osi ■ : himself.
Mr. Mellick is the editor of the
Daily News, an influential
Stinted in the Republican strong
t Los Angeles County. He sup-
Gage loyally, individually and
through his paper, and was one of the
As of Senator Bulla to whom tho
.■mor gave assurance that he
!? iii. If elected, assist In electing the
th» Los Angeles County dele
:i to the United States Senate. Mr.
Mr-Hick reminded the Governor of, his
rid Mr. Gage replied that while
;he could not assist in the election of
Senator Bulla, he would do nothing to
Injure him. He said that he did pro-
v,, do everything in his power to
• -rtion of Mr. Grant, but
■ 1 that he was assisting the Burns
'. f/»r< ■
• The Governor was very frank to ad
' mit that hi? sympathies were with
l.'.urn? for various reasons. Among
. things the Governor's heart went
<>ut to the colonel <>n account of the
newspaper exposures to which he was
• being subjected, and then, again, he
;■ felt very kindly disposed toward him.
h-- Baid, on account of his past ser
vlces to the Republican party of Cali
fornia. The Governor then proceeded
to Inform Assemblyman Mellick that It
lid '■'•■ 'i" great misfortune to South
ern California even if the Senator chos-
Is year was not a resident of the
Bouthern end of the State. If the Sen
ihis year was elected from the
.north, four years from now a Senator
'•■I t.i succeed Senator
'•Georgo C. Perkins.
This renews and gives credence to the
.. ptory that has been heretofore printed
that a combination was made some
time back whereby the railroad com
. pany is to Bend Colonel P.urns to the
Lte thia year, and four years from
■ now to replace Senator Perkins with
tli" present Governor of the State.
• When news of this statement, which
mor Gage had made, was carried
Is of Senator Perkins to
night they were up in arms and thoy
will r.ot be appeased. Governor Gam
has undoubtedly brought down upon
his head a very merry war by thus pre
■ dieting the defeat of Senator Perkins
four years hence .'md volunteering the
■ information that it will he no misfor
tune to Southern California to lose the
Senator this year and send Burns.
SENATOR BULLA'S FRIENDS
READY TO HELP HIM
!. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6. S< nator Bulla to-day re
ceived a telegram from a number of
friend.'-- In Los Angeles asking him if their
presence at the Capital City would assist
him to any material extent in his fight
and announcing their willingness to come
if. in his judgment, returns would war
rant tii" outlay.
Senator Bulla wired a response to the
• that be would be very glad to have
as many of his friends as could afford the
expense to visit the Captal city, hut he
did not think that large throngs of peo
ple could influence votes in the Senato
rial fif-'ht at this- stage of the game. How
there will be ■ delegation arrive
from Los Angeles Monday to aid in push-
Ing the claims of Hulla to the Benator
ship. Edwin A. Meserve, the chairman of
the last Republican County convention of
T.os Angeles, will arrive to-morrow as
advance guard.
The Bulla people held their caucus to
night and from reports which were made
they aje led to believe 1 that two more
votes were (secured for Bulia to-day on
the first ballot. If their original figures
were correct this would ?cive Bulla
eighteen votes on the first ballot.
One thing is pelf-evident, and that is
that the turn Senatorial affair* have tak
en and the disclosures that have been
miule concerning the entrance of Colonel
Mazuma into the contest have not in
jured whatever prospect Mr. Bulla had.
TWO HARBOR BILLS
TO BE CONSIDERED
CALL HKAPQTARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Bills will be presented
at this session of the Legislature affect
ing both the harbors of Los Angeles and
San Diego. Assemblyman Mead will pre
sent the Los Angeles harbor bill and As
semblyman Works that affecting the har
bor of San Diego.
John T. Gaffey of Los Angeles has been
here for a number of days preparing the
way for the Los Angeles harbor bill. The
bill, which Mr. Gaffey has turned over to
Mr. Mead, cedes Jurisdiction over the nar- |
bor of San Pedro to the State and pro- 1
THE THIRD HOUSE.
SCENE IN THE ANTE-CHAMBER OF THE OFFICE OF THE SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
vlde6 for the appointment of a harbor
commission, to consist of three members.
The commission is also to have a secreta
ry. The Commissioners are to receive a
salary of $2n per month each, and the sec
retary is to receive a salary of $100 per
month. All theexpenses of the commission
are to be paid out of the fees collected
by the regulations of the commission for
wharfage.
The bill as drawn by Mr. Gaffey con
tains certain provisions in regard to the
construction of wharfs and other im
provements. Before the Los Angeles
County delegation takes any action upon
the bill it will probably be sent to Los
Angeles for the consideration of the
Board of Trade, Chamber of Commerce
and Merchants' and Manufacturers' As
sociation of that city.
The bill which Assemblyman Works will
Introduce in relation to San Diego bar
bor simply amends certain provisions of
the present law in regard to franchises
in San Di^go Hay. Among other things
it provides that before expirinc fran
chises can bo renewed the parties secur
ing renewals must obligate themselves
to reconstruct existing wharfs according
to the last scientific methods. The bill
of Assemblyman Works is merely amend
atory and not a new law.
Movements of Candidates.
CALL, HEADQI'ARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6. --Two of the Senatorial
candidates— General Barnes and George
A. Knight— returned to San Francisco
this afternoon for a brief rr-st. They will
return Sunday night. Burns, Grant and
Bulla. however, are still on the field and
: will remain in Sacramento during the re
: cess, so the contest will be waged both
here and In San Francisco during thenext
! two days.
Meeting of the Board of Agriculture.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 6.— Colonel Park Henshaw,
Eighth California Volunteers; A. B.
Bpreckels and Frank Covey, members ot
the State Board of Agriculture, arrived
to-night and will hold a meeting to-mor
row, it is understood for the purpose of
electing officers for the ensuing year and
transacting such other business as may
comn before them, Including such possi
ble legislation as may be '!• • mcd neces
sary for the welfare of the association.
Fire on the Weeott.
NEWPORT. Or., Jnn. 6.— The steamer
I Weeott sailed yesterday at 4 p. m. for
i Coos Bay and San Francisco, but returned
two hours later with lire in her coal bunk
ers. After pumping water in for several
hours and removing part of the coal the
fire was extinguished. The damage is
not serious. The vessel was ready to sail
again this evening.
Showalter Losing.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— ln the tenth
game of the Janowski-Showalter chess
match at the Manhattan Club to-day Ja
nowski played a Ruy Lopez and obtained
a draw in the fortieth round. The score
now stands: Janowskl 4, Shy waiter 2
drawn 4.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Talc* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
160. The genuine haa I* B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
TERRIBLE TRIP
OF INJURED MAN
Crawls Fifty Miles In
Great Agony.
FINALLY GETS ASSISTANCE
MADE A CRIPPLE FOB, LIFE
BY FALLING INTO A CBEVICE.
While His Partner Sought Aid He
Resumed His Perilous Trip
and Showed Wonderful
Endurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 6.— Robert
Parker, a prospector who lives in Sap
perton, fifty miles from this city,
passed through a terrible experience
three weeks ago which lias left him a
physical wreck for life. He was
brought here to-day to receive medical
attention. His right leg is broken in
three places, and both wrists are com
pletely shattered. In this condition he
crawled from Mount Baker to near his
home, a distance of fifty miles. It took
him nineteen days to complete the trip.
Parker was with his partner pros
pecting near the summit of Mount
Baker, where recent rich quartz finds
have been made. After making loca- |
tions and securing specimens of quartz, |
they descended the mountain. In pass- j
ing a glacier, Parker missed his foot- j
ing and was hurled down a crevice a
distance of fifty feet. His pack on his
back saved his life. With the help of
a long rope he carried his partner,
Charlie Bates, after great difficulty,
rescued Parker. The latter was un
conscious all that night, but the next
day, notwithstanding his terrible in
juries, he pluckily attempted to come
out to civilization with his companion.
Bates bound up his leg nnd wrists in
a rude way, and by alternately hop
ping and crawling Parker managed to
make a few miles.
Bates left him to seek help, leaving !
provisions. When he returned two
days later Parker had disappeared. He
did not turn up until two days ago,
when he was Riven up for lost. After |
Bates left him he crawled off the trail,
rarrying enough provisions to keep him )
several days. For six days he lived in '■
a deserted Indian hut, suffering ex- ;
oruciating pain. Starting out then he I
actually hopped and crawled a distance !
of twenty-five miles to a small settle- ■
ment, making ahout two miles a day.
There he was found by Bates and
brought to this city. Parker's leg Is j
twisted and misshapen, and he will
never use it again. Medical skill can j
do little with his wrists. From a robust
man of 225 pounds he has faded to a j
mere skeleton of IRO. His experience !
is considered the most remarkable In
the history of mining in this province.
CLOSING SESSIONS OF
THE FARMERS' INSTITUTE
Many Interesting Questions Are Dis-
cussed at the Woodland
Meeting.
"WOODLAND, Jan. C.— The second and
last day's session of the Farmers' Insti
tute began at 10 o'clock this morning.
The Question box contained quite a num
ber of questions, and half the morning
session was occupied in answering them.
Professor Fowler discussed the "Rela
tion of the Farmers' Institute to the
University"; also "The Poultry Indus
try."
Professor C. W. Wood worth spoke of
"The Cattle Tick and Its Relation to Tex
as Fever."
At the afternoon session the question
box was opened. Professor Fowler spoke
at length on the "Alfalfa and Soil." Pro
fessor Wood worth discussed "The Vine
Hopper."
Charles R. Hoppin road a paper on
"Diversified Farming." Professor Fowler
spoke on "Orchard Topics; the Market
ing of Fruit."
At the evening session there was an
interesting musical programme. C. W.
Th«mas gave many excellent reasons
"Why We Should Trade at Home." and
Professor Fowler discussed "Irrigation
Problems."
Bismarck's Memoirs Printed.
BERLIN, Jan- 6.— The Zukunft an
nounces this morning that the third part
of Prince Bismarck's memoirs, dealing
fully with his resignation of the Chancel
lorship, has been printed, but cannot yet
be published.
SEAMEN SLAIN
BY CANNIBALS
Fate of the Crew of the
Sea Ghost.
SLAIN BY SOLOMON NATIVES
WHILE TBADING THE SAILORS
WERE OVERPOWERED.
All Killed and Eaten but Two, Who
Escaped After the Savages Had
Become Stupid From
Liquor.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 6.— Mail ad
vices from the South Pacific Islands via
Japan give details of the scuttling of
the schooner Sea Ghost by Solomon Is
land cannibals last October. The can
nibals killed the crew of the schooner
with the exception of two, who had a
remarkable escape. The Sea Ghost was
owned by her master, Captain Kohl
sohn. He sailed from Queensland with
a crew of ten men late in September
for Buka, an island of the German Sol
omon group, to procure a cargo of
copra.
A brief dispatch several weeks ago
stated that the Sea Ghost's crew had
been killed, but their exact fate re
mained a mystery until the two sur
vivors reached the Australian coast re
cently. Their story of the capture and
killing of their comrades is as follows:
Captain Kohlsohn arrived at Buka at
night. The next morning five or six
native boats came alongside, and in a
fi»w moments the vessel's mats and
crew were talking and making friend
ly signs to the islandera. Several mem
bers of the crew went below to secure
goods for trading purposes, when
thirty natives suddenly jumped on deck
and attacked the sailors remaining
above the deck with knives. The latter
fought furiously for their lives, but
were overpowered.
Several more boatloads of armed na
tives arrived and fell upon the sailors
who had gone below, killing all but
three. One man jumped overboard,
swam ashore and was taken prisoner.
His two surviving comrades were
bound hand and foot. Captain Kohl- '
sohn was dragged from his cabin and
run through with spears. The natives j
then started ashore with their prison- |
ers, taking the dead sailors with them. |
Thfr two prisoners were left on the
sands, while the islanders prepared to
eat the bodies of their comrades. While
this grewsome feast was being made
ready several natives put out for tho
schooner and found n barrel of Hquor
In her cabin. In a short time the en
tire party bcofitno stupidly drunk.
The two sailors managed to escape
from the thongs which bound them
jumped in a boat and put to sea. After
floating helplessly about for two days
they were picked up by a trading yes- i
sel which carried them to other islands,
where they finally secured passage for
Australia.
Before proceeding to get Intoxicated
one party of natives unloaded a portion
of the Sea Ghost's cargo and then scut
tled her.
INSISTS ON INSTALLING
COLOMBET AS TREASURER
Mayor Martin of San Jose and His
Fight With the City
Council.
SAN JOSE, Jan. «.— The refusal of the
City Council to confirm Joseph P. Colom
bet for City Treasurer is leading to some
Interesting complications.
Mayor Martin summoned the Finance
Committee this afternoon and others In
terested and stated he desired to open
the Treasurers vault. City Clerk Cook
first objected. Deputy Treasurer Cottie
also refused to open two outside doors to
the vault, where the combination to the
vault may be found. He said his attor
ney had advised him not to do so until a
Treasurer had been connrmed and quali
fied. Colombo! was also present and
would probably have been installed as
Treasurer by the Mayor had the vault
been opened.
Mayor Martin has asked City Attorney
Beasiey for an opinion in regard to his
right to open the safe and will secure it
to-morrow. Until then nothing will be
done.
Mayor Martin still insists that he will
appoint no other than Colombet, who Is
well qualified, having filled the office be
fore.
VICTORY FOR THE
ANTI-REFORMERS
House Votes to Strike
Out Appropriation
FOR THE CIVIL COMMISSION
THIS DONE IN COMMITTEE OF
THE WHOLE.
In the Senate Hoar's Resolution Ask
ing for All Reports Connected
With the Peace Treaty
Is Adopted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The anti
civil service reformers scored a victory
in the House to-day. The executive,
legislative and judicial appropriation
bill was taken up for consideration and
then, when the appropriation for the
civil service commission was reached,
Evans (R.) of Kentucky made a mo
tion to strike it out.
This motion has been made annually
for a dozen years or more, but invaria
bly failed. But to-day the opponents
of the law laid great stress on the fact
that they could not get a direct vote
upon the proposition and were there
fore compelled to seek its nullification
in this manner. Even these appeals
failed to bring out the full strength of
the opposition, though the motion to
strike out carried by a narrow margin
—67-61.
This was in committee of the whole,
where no record Is made of the vote.
Moody (R.) of Massachusetts gave no
tice that he would demand a record
vote In the House, where the friends of
the civil service law expect to reverse
the decision.
SENATE SEEKS ALL
DUE INFORMATION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Immediate
ly the Senate convened to-day, the res
olution offered yesterday by Hoar of
Massachusetts, calling on the Presi
dent for information as to the instruc
tions of the Commissioners who nego
tiated the treaty of Paris, together with
j all correspondence and reports relating
to their work, was laid before the
Senate.
Chairman Davis, one of the Commis
sioners, desired that it be referred to
the Foreign Relations Committee, but
Hoar insisted that the Senate had as
much right to such information as the
members of the Foreign Relations
Committee, and that the President
should determine whether the Senate
should have it. The resolution was
adopted in secret session.
In support of the resolution offered
some time ago by Vest of Missouri, in
opposition to expansion, Caffery of
delivered an extended speech.
I At the conclusion of Caffery's argu
ment Morgan of Alabama announced
on behalf of the Nicaragua canal com
mittee of the acceptance in modified
form of the amendments offered by
j Berry before the holidays to the pend
i ing canal bill. The amendments were
not passed upon by the Senate.
Kautz Bear Admiral.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ate:
Commodore Albert Kautz to be rear ad
miral; Captain Frederick Rodgors to be
commodore; Commander Edwin White to
be captain: Lieutenant Commander C. C.
Cornwell to be commander; Lieutenant L.
U. Heilner to be lieutenant commander;
Lieutenant Junior Grade A. C. Dieffen
bach to be a lieutenant.
James B. Yeoman of lowa to be Inter
state Commerce Commissioner; Robert A.
Moseley Jr. of Alabama to be Consul
General at Singapore; Silas C. McFarland
of lowa to be Consul at Nottingham,
England.
Charles C. Goodale to be Surveyor Gen
eral of, Colorado; Receivers of Public
Moneys— J. J. Lambert, Pueblo, Colo.;
Matt Daugherty, Sidney, Nebr. ; C. P.
Mathewson of Nebraska, Agent for the
Indians of the Omaha and Winnebago
Agency, Nebraska.
Death of a Prelate.
TORONTO. Ont., Jan. 6.— Right Rev. E.
Bulllvan, D.D., rector of St. James An
glican Cathedral and formerly Bishop of
the diocese of Algoma, died this morning.
WENT DOWN WITH
THE BRICK WALL
Five Men Buried in the
Debris.
ONE OF THE VICTIMS DIED
ACCIDENT AT VISALIA WHICH
WILL BE INVESTIGATED.
Portion of a New Building Collapsed
end Fell Into a Creek, Carry
ing Down Workmen
With It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISALIA, Dec. 6.— The Bouth wall of
the new brick building being erected by
Larkin & Seligman collapsed this morn
ing and five men were buried in the
ruins, one being fatally injured.
Those wounded were: Harry Hughes,
injured* "internally, legs broken, skull
crushed; George Harris, injured about
| the head, shoulders, hips and stomach,
j condition serious and perhaps fatally
; injured; Joe Howard, three ribs broken;
James Waite, right leg broken in two
places near the thigh; Russel Keeler
j and George Fry, slightly bruised.
About one story of the new brick
building had been built when the arch
itect discovered that the south wall was
defective and ordered it relaid. The
building was constructed over a creek
that runs through the town, and an
archway had been made in the wall,
covering 1 the creek, which was about
ten feet below. The men were engaged
in removing the brick from the wall
over this archway when it collapsed
ami they fell into the creek below with
the wall and arch on top of them.
A crowd of citizens attracted by the
crash rushed to the scene and after a
half hour's work succeeded in extricat
ing the men, who had been completely
buried by a huge mass of bricks and
debris.
Hughes died this afternoon. Harris"
condition is very serious. An Inquest
will be held to-morrow.
TO-DAY....
BYTHP^P 013
35 Cents
SQUARE CREAMERY.
2 Cents.
These are all right. Try Smith's Market street Ferry.
HOITT'S SCHOOL &CO.>S^^
Has removed from Jiurllngamo to Its new ffs J l^^S^r"-".^ 'pfg^ >^*
home, at Menlo Park, Ban Matao County: ac- ■(/) "0/1 iTcIISITS • 0
crfidlted, and prejiaros boy« equally well for %<* A r ,g. JU{PUSf^U^JLSI'»U-^#
bu«lno«a; next term beK!ri» January, 16th, 1888. &j&!^'Z *Z^i?i^^^ i^^f?%F £ Vy
iRA G. HOITT, rtu D.. Prin«ip»i. ■ 330 MARKET ST. S-F.^aas^
JOHN DEMPSEY
IS AN IMPOSTER
Notthe Husband of Mary
Moedinger.
COMPELLED TO DISGORGE
GIVES UP THE PROPERTY HE
FALSELY CLAIMED.
Brother of the Dead Woman Vindi
cates the Honor of His S"ster and
at the Same Time
Secures Justice. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 6.— A few days
ago it was stated in The Call that there
was a mystery surrounding the death
of Mary Moedinger in San Bernardino,
and that John Dempsey, who claimed
to be her husband, was an impostor.
It was also said that Fred Moedinger,
a brother, had been appointed special
administrator and had left for San Ber
nardino with a view of investigating
the matter. He returned last evening
and his mission was quite successful.
It will be remembered that the- body
of Miss Moedinger was shipped to this
city under the name of Mrs. Mary A.
Dempsey; that letters of inquiry to tho
Sheriff elicited the response that a man
named John Dempsey was holding per
sonal property of the deceased of the
value of several hundred dollars, under
a claim that she was his wife, and that
Dempsey neglected to answer all letters
of inquiry addressed to him.
"When young Moedinger arrived in San
Bernardino he consulted the District
Attorney and Sheriff. The three inter
viewed Dempsey, who at first made a
pretense that he knew nothing about
the personal property of the deceased.
When the Sheriff announced his inten
tion of making a search Dempsey
weakened and produced a package con
taining stock in the Woodland Build
ing and Loan Association valued at
$500, a note for $400 given by M. R.
York, and a lot of personal effects.
Dempsey admitted that he was an im
postor; that he and Miss Moedinger had
never been married, and that her char
acter was above reproach.
It appears that when she was taken
111 and her condition became alarming
she sent for Dempsey, because she had
known him in Yolo County. She gave
him two messages addressed to her
family In Woodland, v.ith a request
that he forward them, but both were
suppressed.
After death he took possession of her
property, claiming that they had been
married. Nobody in San Bernardino
interfered, as there was nobody there
who could dispute the claim. By ship
ping the body to Woodland he gave
young Moedinger the clew by which the
matter was investigated and the fraud
exposed.
Mr. Moedinger's first impulse was to
prosecute Dempsey, but second thought
influenced him to drop the matter on
account of the loss of time and the ex
pense involved. He is well pleased
with his success in recovering the prop
erty and vindicating the good name of
his sister.
AMERICA AND ENGLAND
ACTING IN CONCERT
The Two Governments Fully Under
stand Each Other in the Matter
of Affairs in China.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6. — The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Minister Conger has notified the State
Department that the Chinese Government
has refused to accede to the French de
mand for an extension of French jurisdic
tion at Shanghai.
This action on the part of the Chines*
Government is the result of the protests
registered against compliance with
France's demand by the American
and British Governments. The au
thorities here have been quite
stirred up over the French de
mand for the reason that if it had been
granted a number of American citizens in
business in the foreign concessions at
Shanghai would have been transferred
to French jurisdiction.
The action of the British Government in
registering protests in this matter simul
taneously with the United States is re
garded as rather significant in some quar
ters and indicates an "entente cordiale,"
to quote an official with whom I talked,
existing between them, especially in ref
erence to Chinese affairs.
The report published from Shanghai
this morning 1 that a secret treaty existed
between the two governments" Is pro
nounced untrue, but there Is no question
that the governments fully understand
the position of each other with respect to
Chinese affairs.
One Office Abolished.
WOODLAND, Jan. 6.— The Board of Su
pervisors has abolished the office of Hor
ticultural Commissioner.
34
SOCIETY QUEEN
IN A PESTHOUSE
Mrs. Kurtz, One of the Handsomest
Women in Southern California,
Has Smallpox.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6. — One of the handsomest women in South
ern California has for more than two weeks been confined In the pest
house, a victim of the dreaded smallpox. The woman is Mrs. Carl
Kurtz, the wife of one of the leading physicians. Ysidore B. Scott,
the patient, was before her marriage to Dr. Kurtz one of the lead
ers of society. Three years ago she was the belle of the particularly
exclusive set of Northern society people who passed the summer at
Santa Monica.
Mrs. Kurtz !s the niece of Mrs. Arcadia B. de Baker, owner of the
Baker block, who is one of the wealthiest Spanish- American residents
south of Tehachapi. In i 097, when Miss Francisca Alexander, the
chosen fiesta queen, was seeking maids for her court, Mrs. Carl
Kurtz, owing to her peculiar type of Spanish beauty, was one of the
first to be selected as a maid of honor. About a year ago she mar
ried Dr. Kurtz, the son of Dr. Joseph Kurtz, one of the oldest prac
titioners in the State. Since their marriage Mr. and Mrs. Kurtz
have lived in the Baker block, in the heart of the city, where Mrs.
Baker also makes her home, this being the most aristocratic apart
ment house in the city. More than a fortnight since Mrs. Kurtz
became sick. Her husband pronounced her illness as a mild case of
varioloid. The health officers were notified, and a little later the so
ciety queen was removed to the isolated cabin which serves as a
pesthouse at the base of the foothills in a canyon near Elysian Park.
Careful nursing and constant attendance on the part of her husband
has brought Mrs. Kurtz out of danger, and to-day she is convales
cent.
FLOURISHED A
REVOLVER IN
THE PALACE
Demand for Money on
Tom Woodford.
A BLUFF SPEEDILY CALLED
THE GUN-FIGHTER'S IDENTITY
NOT KNOWN.
He Said He Was "Broke* and That
Woodford Would Have to Pu».
Up or There Would Be
Trouble.
"T'm hard pressed for money, TVoodford.
Tou swindled me out of $1500 in New Tork
and now you dig up. Cough up a $100 in
two minutes or I'll blow the top of your
head off."
The speaker was a rather short man, '
armed with an ugly looking revolver.
The threat was hurled at Tom Woodford,
the well known bookmaker, as he leaned
against the. railing in the rotuda of the
Palace Hotel last evening about 7:30
o'clock.
The short man. whose identity is a
mystery, was laboring under intense ex
citement. Woodford looked down into the |
muzzle of the revolver carelessly, but he
did not yield up the cash.
"You are crazy, and you'd better put
that revolver in your pocket. It might
gr> off," said Woodford calmly.
The bluff had been called, and, as Patsy j
Carroll would say, the short man was ]
not there with the goods." He put the
ugly looking weapon back in the outside
porket of his overcoat and then began to
abuse and threaten the bookmaker.
There was quite a crowd of horsemen in
the rotunda of the hotel at the time, but j
few of them noticed the affair, so quickly i
did it- happen. After quarreling for a few
minutes, tin- short man pulled the revol
ver again and said: "Woodford, I'm not
crazy; I may be drinking a little, at that, |
but I'm hard pressed, and you've got to
give up."
The argument was waxing warmer and
warmer every minute, and the onlookers
expected to see the short man carry out
his threat. Finally he cooled down, hur
ried out of the hotel and left Bookmaker
Woodford leaning calmly against the
railing in the same position as when so
violently accosted. Woodford did not
reem to take any notice of the danger,
as he followed the man out into the bar, I
whore the conversation was resumed.
As soon as he saw that his blufC had
failed the man with the revolver said
he would let the matter rest for the pres
ent, but he vowed that he would kill an
other gambling man who, he said, had
also robbed him.
W^odford refused absolutely to furnish
his assailant's name or even give a clew
to his identity. Many racing men who
■witnessed the affair were closely ques
tioned, but none of them scorned to know
■who the man was. They were satisfied
that the mysterious individual was a
member of the rarinc fraternity which
infests this city during the racing sea
eon.
When questioned last night. Mr. Wood
ford at first denied the story. Then, after
much parleying, the bookmaker admitted
that he did have "a rather exciting even
ing." but he refused absolutely to di
the identity <,f the man who threatened
to take his life.
"He is a good friend of mine, and was
excited when he accosted me this evening,
else he would neVer have acted as he did.
The charges that he made were groundless,
end when we went into the bar later to
tettle the matter he admitted that he was
Vrnng. The fellow is in hard luck, and
he thinks that I am indebted to him.
"1 met him in Butte. Mom., ajid. to tHI
you the truth. T have p*»hllv forgotteit hi*
r.nme. He wanted me t-> give him a hun
dred dollars and 1 couldn't see it that
way. When we talked the matter over
after leaving the rotunda I offered to
Ftake. him and he ■ wouldn't take the
money." _.'
DIED FROM EXPOSURE.
Body of, an "Unknown Man Found on
the Beach.
PACIFIC GP.OYK, Jan. 6.— The body of
• n unknown man was found on the beach
of the United States Government reser
vation belonging to Point Pinos light
house station by M. F. Allen, a Stanford
University student, about 10 a. m. to-day.
Allen was collecting marine specimens for
scientific study, when he came upon the
tody. He immediately notified the offi
cials, and the body was brought in for
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
an inquest. The deceased appeared to be
about 4S years old. Nothing was found
upon his person except a religious tract.
There is absolutely no clew to identity.
County Coroner H. V. Muller held an in
quest to-night, the Jury's verdict being
death from exposure. There is some
excitement here over the unusual circum
stances of the death, many believing the
man a suicide.
MARIN COUNTY HAS
BEEN IMPOSED UPON
So Bills Will Be Introduced in the
legislature in Reference to Collect-
ing Money From the State.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 6.— After a careful
investigation of the facts relating to the
contract to collect money said to be due
Marin County from the State on overpaid
taxes, as contained in the forceful com
munication sent the Board of Supervisors
by Cashier Augustine of the A. P. Hota-
ling Bank, that body has reached the con
clusion that it was imposed upon by the
law firm which has undertaken to secure
the money, and will make an endeavor to
have the contract rescinded. The propo
sition of whether or not this can be le
gally done has been submitted to District
Attorney Mclsaac.
•The contract. " says that official, "di
rects the District Attorney to bring suit
for the recovery of the money, and em
ploys the law firm to assist him. If he
should see fit not to bring suit it is my
opinion that the firm could do nothing in
the matter. I shall so advise the board."
At the request of several prominent eit-
Izens Mr. Augustine has drawn up two
bills, which have been sei.t to Senator
Dickinson and Assemblyman Atherton,
with a request that those representatives
urge their passage. The bills are
sweeping in their language. One is an act
repealing the act authorizing >c pay
ment of claims of the counties against
the State; the other provides that here
after no proceedings shall be taken by a
county official to recover any money "al
leged to be due from the State, except in
certain stated cases.
TELEPHONE COMPANIES
MAY ALL BE COMBINED
It Is Predicted That All the Bell Con
cerns "Will Be United in One
Corporation.
CLEVELAND, Jan. James P. i.ic-
Kinstry, general manager of the Cleve
land Telephone Company, which has just
absorbed all of the Bell telephone Inter
ests in the State of Michigan, stated to
day that eventually, he thought, all of
the Bell Telephone companies through
out the country would be consolidated into
one great organization. The Cleveland
Telephone Company now controls all the
Bell interests in the States of Minnesota,
Texas, Arkansas, North Dakota, South
Dakota, Michigan and the city of Cleve
land.
"As a matter of economy, if for no other
reason," said Mr. McKinstry, "I think
that sooner or later all the companies
working under Bell licenses will be com
bined into one great corporation, just as
all of the several telegraph companies of
this country were merged into the West
ern Union a quarter of a century ago.
However, I have no . orucial knowledge
that this step is at present being consid
ered, but there is a natural tendency to
j ward such a movement, and it is, In my
I opinion, bound to come."
♦
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
HARDWARE MEN TO MEET
Their Convention Will Consider
Grievances Against Wholesalers
Who Sell at Retail.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 6.— ln the parlors
of the Western Hotel in this city to-mor
row the retail hardware and implement
dealers of Northern California will be as
sembled in convention, arrangements for
! which have been under way for several
1 weeks. While it is given out that the
' organization which will be the outcome of
this meeting is to partake solely of a
social nature, there is no doubt that the
promoters have a grievance to correct,
principally directed against wholesalers
who insist on retailing. Delegates have
: arrived from the principal hardware
houses of Redding, Chico, Corning, Te
haroa, Anderson, Oroville, Williams. Red
Bluff, Auburn, Elmira, Elk Creek, Biggs,
Gridlcy, Woodland, Orland. St. John, Ger
\ mantown. Willows; Arbackle, Cottonwood,
, Dixon, Sacramento, Nevada City and
Grass Valley. Invitations to attend have
been sent to dealers as far north as Sis
i kiyou County and south to Sacramento.
A number of San Francisco retailers and
representatives of wholesale houses in
that city have arrived.
SALE OF COPPEB MINES.
Arrangements Made to Buy the Go
linsky Property.
REDDING, Jan. s.— The probable sale of
j the Golinsky copper mines on I,ittle Back
| bone is announced, the purchasers being
a company of New York capitalists?. The
! purchase price is given as $150,000. The
property consists of a group of mines in
\ the sulphide belt, easily accessible by a
branch road from the main line of the
| Southern Pacific Company. It is, of
i course, a smeiting proposition, and there
is a.n ample site for a large plant.
1. Park Charming and A. H. Ricketts
supposed to be acting for Lewiston
Brothers, copper sales agents of New
I York City, were here conferring with the
owners, Golinsky, Weisermann & Clen
i denin, and an agreement was reached
yesterday. Operation of the mines will
add much to the business prosperity of
Redding.
A Napoleonic Silence.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— The Brussels corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph , who has
secured an Interview with Prince Victor
Napoleon, says the Prince firmly declined
to discuss politics or the Dreyfus affair
saying:
"When the time comes for me to speak
I shall do so in the only way befitting a
Prince and the chief of a great party. I
shall say what is necessary and sign my
words with the glorious name I am proud
to bear— Napoleon."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
LUDLOW SEIZING
SPANISH RIFLES
Cubans Try to Keep the
Guns.
NOT ALLOWED BY LAW
AMERICANS TAKING NO
CHANCES IN HAVANA.
One Spanish Officer Who Wanted the
Soldiers to Come to His
House After
Arms.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Jan. 6.— Major General
Ludlow, Governor of the Department
of Havana, has decided to issue a
proclamation inviting the surrender of
arms at the arsenal. Receipts will.be
given for the arms, which will be prob
ably returned later. There are sup
posed to be as many as 40,000 rifles in
private possession, held chiefly by for-
mer Spanish volunteers.
Acting on reports received from vari
ous agents, Adjutant General Greble
and Captain Blunt have searched at
night time this week, a dozen dwellings
and seized altogether about 300 rifles,
with a number of machetes.
The largest collection found in any
one instance was in a chocolate factory
where twenty rifles were found. Parties
of Cubans have been going into the
residences of former volunteers, taking
their rifles and handing them over to
the nearest American patrol. But this
is quite another matter. Nine Cubans
were caught in the act to-day, among
them a colonel, a captain and a lieu
tenant. They were arrested, taken be
fore General Ludlow, lectured roundly
and dismissed.
The military administration has no
objection to individuals having a re
volver or a sporting rifle or so in their
residences, and the searchers decline to
take the Aveapon in such cases. They
make seizures only where two or more
military rifles are found and no satis
factory explanation is forthcoming. A
Spaniard, formerly a colonel, asked
General Ludlow to-day to send to his
house and seize thirty Mausers, as he
did not seem to wish to give them up
voluntarily. This was done. A local
dealer in arms has 4500 rifles in stock,
but agrees not to sell them at present.
All these are simply precautionary
measures taken against any possible
disturbance.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The Cabinet
at its meeting to-day gave special con
sideration to the administration of af
fairs in Cuba. There seems to be a mis
understanding among some of the peo
ple of Santiago as to the policy of the
Government with respect to the expen
diture of money collected from internal
revenue customs sources.
It is not believed that General "Wood,
who is in command at Santiago, mis
understands the purposes of the Gov
ernment, but in any event nothing will
be done in the matter until General
Wood arrives here. Then an effort will
be made to arrive at some general plan
for the handling of the receipts in the
! island. It seems certain, however, that
; all moneys disbursed must come
through a central head, and that under
no circumstances can any particular
city or section be allowed to expend all
of its collections to the neglect of other
sections. ■
General Wood, however, will receive
a proper and probably a sufficient al
lowance for Santiago province, but full
consideration Is certain to be given to
sections which collect nothing or little
from customs. It is very likely that
soon after General Wood's return to
Santiago the governors of the several
provinces will be instructed to assemble
for a discussion of the question of their
respective needs for administrative pur
poses and also for pressing internal im
provements. Thas it is expected that
a fair and enuitable distribution of the
funds collected on the island will be
secured.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Thomas E. Burns Will Be Appointed
Postmaster at San Mateo.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Thomas E.
Burns of San Mateo has been recommend
ed by Congressman Loud for Postmaster
of that place. Burns' appointment will
be announced shortly.
Senator White has introduced a bill
| amending the internal revenue collection
laws, providing for drawing distilled spir
its into wooden packages, upon applica
tion of the distiller, for export, the stamp
to cost not more than 5 cents. He also
introduced a bill increasing the salaries
of I'nited States Court Judges in Arizona,
New Mexico and Oklahoma to $5000.
Representative Loud appeared before
the River and Harbor Committee of the
House to-day and made an argument in
favor of dredging Alvlso slough and blow
ing out Arch and Shag rocks in San
Francisco Hay.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
] California: Increase — Henry W. Morse,
! South Pasadena, $14 to $17. Original wid
: ciws, etc.— -Theresa Lindenmaier, San Jose,
$v Lydia A. Bradlsh, Long Beach, $12.
! Oregon: Additional— Seth H. Childs, So
i daville, $6 to $12. Original widows, etc.—
! Minor of Justin Hart, Multnomah, $10.
FRANCE CONCEDED
LITTLE TO ENGLAND
The English Newspapers Do Not Like
the Madagascar Blue
Book.
LONDON, Jan. fi.— A blue book has just
been issued containing the correspondence
between Gre.it Britain and France on the
subject of the trade restrictions in Mada
gascar.
The only concession, apparently, which
has resulted from Lord Salisbury's nu
merous protests is the severation of the
decree confining the coast trade to French
vessels, of which M. del Casse, French
Foreign Minister, notified the British
Government in a dispatch dated Decem
ber 29 last.
All the morning papers comment upon
the blue book, asking how it is possible
to live in amity with a country which
tramples upon treaty rights and treats
a friendly country in such a manner.
The Times says: It is a good thing for
the world's peace that we are able to
possess our souls in patience under tne
pin pricks of the French, which, under
the cover of grandiloquent phrase, habit
ually act with a cupidity and the short
sighted cunning of the peasant.
ESTERHAZY ALONE
_AND IN EXILE
Has Little to Say of the Dreyfus
Affair, but That Little Is
Bitter.
LONDON, Jan. 7.-The Daily News pub
lishes this interesting interview which a
special correspondent in Holland has had
with Major Comte Ferdinand Walsin Es
terhazy, author of the Dreyfus borderau.
The correspondent says: "I found him
in a small, typical Dutch hotel. His face
betrayed the ravages of the anxiety of
recent months, . and he is terribly
lonely. He told me he had hardly spoken
to any one since he left England. He de
clined to say anything about the inquiry
now in progress before the Court of Cas
sation, but did Indulge in a violent anti-
Jewish tirade.
CROCKER DIFFERS
FROM COL. BRYAN
Advocates the Policy of
Expansion.
MUST NOT SELL PHILIPPINES
TJNCLE SAM SHOULD HOLD ALL
TAKEN IN WAE OR PEACE,
The Nebraska Silverite Continues to
Declare That All Principles of
American Law Are Being
Violated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI.Jan. NEW YORK, Jan.
6.— Colonel William The Journal will
J. Bryan was the to-morrow print the
chief speaker at the following statement
Jackson Day ban- riven out to-night
quet of the Duck- by Richard Crok
worth Club to- er, the leader of
night. He said, in the Tammany Dem
part: ocracy:
The sentiment of * believe in expaa
the people upon any slon. I believe In hold
great question must in *f whatever posses
be measured during «oas we have gained
the days of dellbera- "V annexation, pur
tlon. and not during chase or war. This
the hours of excite- Policy is not only pa
ment. If the Presl- '"otic, but It Is the
dent rightly Interpret- only safe one to pur
ed the feelings of the sue - . An - V other policy
people when they w °ula show weakness ',
were intoxicated by a ? T , . th «, part of the
military triumph, we >, nit( v States and in
shall appeal from }, lte foreign complica
" Philip drunk to l, a , rhis must be
Philip sober." The av ° ' hen our
forcible annexation of P° llc must be vigor
the Philippine Islands ou T "> ar
would violate a prln- J n e s™? was an ex
clple of American £*£",% otnerwlse
public law so deeply ,'*" ul( * not have
Imbedded In the to «f t a f<V" Hl -
American mind that with , ° f , *?° ul3lana '
pu n b7,c a ££ SJMSy»:
sag? & .-as: sSiv!
SiSff POST'S p '=" ?s °" «°
character of our peo- We snenrt m nn m
Pie. To defend ford- annually for ml"! on
ble annexation on the ary work In f or „'
ground that we are' countries. Now we
carrying out a reli- have a chance tr,
gious duty is worse spend thlsmonly In
than absurd. The Bi- our own possessions
ble teaches us that it and make the people
is more blessed to of our lands Rood
give than to receive, law-abiding citizens'
while the colonial who in time will be
policy is based upon loyal to our constitu
the doctrine that it is tion and our flasr
more blessed to take Take England for ex
than to leave. I am ample. The people of
afraid that the impe- this little island come
riallsts have confused pretty near owning
their beatitudes. We the universe. Are not
entered the Spanish our people as intelli
war as peacemakers. gent, as powerful and
Imperialists have an as patriotic as the
Indistinct recollection English people? The
that a blessing has United States is the
been promised to the only country on earth
peacemakers and also superior to the Eng
to the meek, but their lls h. Why not illus
desire for more terri- trate to the world that
tory has perverted M e are fully able to
their memories so that CO P« with greater
as they recall the for- Problems than we
mer, It reads "blessed nave had occasion to
are the peacemakers, n th past and in the
for they shal linherlt future dominate any
the earth." emergency?
Annexation cannot *i We ha , ve . a UI»
--be defended upon the of™ ° n , e J?^ y ■"»<?»
ground that we shall teem? wfth ™ Country
find a pecuniary profit fulfil *iik T h ? B men ,
in the policy. The ambltfon " hope and
advantage which may *.{!" 'V hp • )\£ y not
come to a few lndi- | chin* young men
vlduals who hold the ou r C n" V acoufr^"
offices, or who Becure noss-asf^T , n ??,'S
valuable franchises. Sp a country rivaling
cannot properly be in grandeur »nJ ™
weighed against the trtot&^ou d own
money expended in United States'
governing the Philip- I say bt all means
Pines. because the hold on to all that
e h^^ P6nded WaS rl ßhtfully belongs to
ald by those who pay us. If the great coun
the taxes. We are not try west of the Rooky
jet in a position to < Mountains were filed
determine whether the with wild Indians at
People of the United the present moment
States as a whole will how long would it
bring back from the take Us to suppress
Philippines as much them and make them
as they send there. respect our laws and
.There is an old say- our constitution? The
Ing that It Is not same thing applies to
profitable to buy a the Philippines or any
lawsuit. Our nation other country that
may learn by expe- may fall into our
rience that it Is not hands by the province
wise to purchase the of peace or war.
right to conquer a It is an Insult to the
people. Spain, under American people and
compulsion, gives ua to our flas even to
a quitclaim to the suggest that we aban
l'hillpplnes. in return don the peoples we
for $20,000,000, but she have released from
does not agree to war- bondage, or what
rant and defend our would be more dis
title as against the graceful, that we
Philippines. To buy should offer to sell
land is one thing; them to the highest
to buy people is an- bidder. Such a propo
other. Military rule sltlon places the
is antagonistic to our American people In
theory of government. tne same category
The arguments which with the Chinese, who
are used to defend it nave neither patriot
in the Philippines lsm nor a foreign pol
may be used to excuse ley and are In conse
it in the United quence utilized as a
States. Under mill- doormat by the pow
tary rule, much must ers of tne world,
be left to the discre- This is too great a
tion of the military Question to be con
governor, and this »'<Jered as a mere
can only be Justified matter of dollars and
on the theory that the cents. Our people
Governor knows more want their rights pro
than the people he tected; they will not
governs. Is better ac- »K« re ,on the cost
quainted with their Brln « down , to local
needs than they are government, in the
themselves. Is entire- J" aae .°. £ street clean
ly in sympathy with »nsr. the cry is We
them and is thorough- want ( clean . treetß
ly honest and unsel- regardless of the cost,
fish In his desire to do The* demand them as
them good. their rignt. Just so
,? T f™;. with our possessions-
If we enter upon a the people want the
c m 0 , o " la ' £?"* y v. we properties acquired by
must expect to hear war protected. They
the command si- will pay for a stand
ence Issuing with i ng army, a powerful
Increasing emphasis navy an the protec
from the imperialists, tion of our flair the
■tthen the discussion world over, regardless
of fundamental . prln- o f any monetary
clples Is attempted in consideration. They
the Inlted States, if have proved their
a member of Con- willingness ,to sacrl
gress attempts to floe their blood for the
criticize any injustice honor of their coun
perpetrated by a Gov- try and their flag,
eminent official And when the ques
against a helpless tion is brought to an
people, he will be issue they will arise
warned to keep silent as one man and de
lest his criticism en- mand expansion as a
courage resistance to citizen's sacred right.
American authority in I think the 16 to 1
the Orient. question as outlined in
If we adopt a colo- the Chicago platform
nlal policy and pursue a decidedly dead ls
the course which ex- pup. This was fully
cited the revolution demonstrated in the
of 1776, we must muf- last election. We did
fie the tones of the not embody the 16 to 1
old liberty bell and . question, and the re
commune In whispers suit is that we elected
when we praise the every one of our Con
patriotism of our fore- gressmen. ■".■•
fathers. - ■ .
To Sue an Ex-Assessor.
JACKSON, Jan. 6.— The Supervisors in
structed the District Attorney to com
mence suit against ex-Assessor Brown
and bondsmen for the recovery of nearly
$2500, which the Auditor alleges is due
from him on account of State and road
poll taxes and personal property taxes of
188&
Shipment of Dried Fruits.
SUISUN, Jan. 6.— Continued shipments
of dried fruit are being made from this
point to Hamburg, Germany. This year's
shipments are far in excess of previous
years, showing the demand for Califor
nia products is on the Increase in for
eign markets.
Sentence for a Counterfeiter.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— Ed Rogers, the
counterfeiter captured at Tampico. was
to-day sentenced in the United States
court to serve seven years in San Quen
tin Penitentiary. His partner. Burt
Huntington, will be tried Tuesday.
Leech Is Indicted.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— The Federal
Grand Jury to-day returned : an indict
ment against Edgar Leech, who was ar
rested some time ago, charged with rob
bing th.s LQip£og jßOStofflce,
CHILKAT INDIANS
ARE FAMISHING
Starvation and Death Among the
Remnant of a Once
Powerful Tribe.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 6.— "Withered and old am I, the fish can
no longer take, the moose can no longer chase and life is no more for
me." This is the dirge of the famishing Chilkats. From the bleak
steppes to the south of Fort Selkirk, at the mouth of the Pelly and
Yukon, comes a wail of disease, starvation and death from the now
miserable remnants of the once powerful Chilkat tribe of Indians.
J. W. Lancing, superintendent of construction for the military bar
racks at Fort Selkirk, arrived by the City of Seattle, and he brings
news that the Chilkats are in sad need of food, and thro-ugh their
missionary, an Episcopalian, who has been five years among them,
they have applied to Colonel Evans, the officer In charge of the bar
racks, for relief. The steady influx of miners is driving them back
into the interior, the advent of the river steamers has frightened the
moose, cariboo and other game away and they now have to go at
least four or five days' journey before they can reach any hunting
ground. Then, too, the steamers and the host of prospectors have
totally destroyed their fisheries, on which to a great extent they were
dependent for their winter's food, and this winter the usual store of
dog salmon is wanting. They complain that the white men placed
neta and traps across the river above and they were unable to ob
tain enough fish for food. They are, Mr. Lancing says, in serious
want, and the half-starved condition of many of their number ren
ders them favorite subjects for the ravages of disease and it is not
surprising that many are down with la grippe, the military doctor
pronounces it. This has claimed many victims among them of late,
having in fact attained the proportions of a plague. Commandant
Evans has already distributed a large quantity of rations among the
Indians, but his store is rapidly running down, and unless some aid
arrives the Indians will be in a bad way indeed this winter. They are
very restless and the younger members of the tribe are reported to
be threatening retaliation on the miners for the less of their hunting
and fishing.
Mr. Lancing reports a big strike at the head of the McMillan. A
miner named Taylor arrived at Selkirk from there just before he left
with $11,000 for six weeks' work.
o o
0000000000000000000000000000000000
TO CLEAR UP A
MURDER MYSTERY
Mrs. Wright's Mission to
Utah.
WILL BETRAY HER HUSBAND
COMMITTED CRIMES FOR WHICH
ANOTHER MAN SUFFERS.
If the "King of Freshwater" Is Cap
tured He Will Be Tried for
Killing More Than One
Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOUVERNEUR, N. T.,Jan. 6.— Sheriff
George A. Storrs of Utah County, Utah,
left here yesterday accompanied by
Mrs. Jennie Wright. They are en route
to Utah in an endeavor to clear up a
murder mystery and to free, if possible,
a man from a life sentence.
At the Pelican Point Ranch, Utah, in
1595, three young men were shot down
one night in their ranch house. The
stepfather of one of the boys, named
Haynes, had had trouble Avith the men
and was arrested, charged with the
crime. The bodies of the men were
found sunk in Utah Lake and the prem
ises they had occupied were looted.
Haynes was convicted on circumstan
tial evidence and was sentenced to be
hanged, but a sta^ was secured and
the sentence commuted to life imprison
ment.
A short time after the crime George
W. Wright left that locality and lived
in various parts of tl.e West, finally
drifting to Freshwater, Colo. He was
a graduate of Kalamazoo Law College.
He soon became prominent, bearing the
sobriquet "King of Freshwater." One
morning a man with whom Wright was
at outs was found shot to pieces in his
cabin. Wright assisted at the Coro
ner's Inquest and wrote out the verdict
of '"murder by a person unknown."
Later Wright became involved in a
questionable sheep deal and after being
arrested jumped his bail and fled. He
visited his wife at her parents' home
here and then disappeared. After he
left the West evidence of a positive
character relating to the murder at
Freshwater is said to have been found
against Wright. The authorities elicited
a confession from Mrs. Wright to th ef
fect that her husband had goods which
figured in the Pelican Point murders.
The Utah authorities were communi
cated with and found the articles just
where she said.
Mrs. Wright said she was willing to
testify against her husband for the
triple crime provided he can be caught.
She says her lips have previously been
sealed through fear of him.
GERMAN MISSIONARY
BRUTALLY MALTREATED
Details of the Affair Which Gave
the Kaiser Some Chinese
Land.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— Letters received here
to-day from Klachau, the German forti
fied settlement in the province of Shang
Tung, China, give details of an outrage
upon Father Stenz, the German Catholic
missionary, on November 9 last. The mis
sionary was about to leave Tie-Tau, prov
ince of Shang Tung, owing to the anti-
Christian feeling.
Finding himself confronted by crowds
of Chinese, who were clamoring for the
destruction of the Christians, he took
refuge in a hut. but he was dragged out,
his clothing torn from his back and ho
was struck with sticks and pricked with
knives and lances and his beard torn out.
The Chinese threatened to flay him alive.
On the following day his persecutors
prepared to hang him by the wrists.
Finally a mandarin interfered in his be
half, but compelled him to leave the dis
trict with a promise never to return.
Great Speed of the Rowan.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 6.— The torpedo
boat Rowan, constructed by Moran
Brothers & Co. of this city, was given an
official trial to-day. For two continuous
hours she maintained an average speed
of 27.54 knots. Her contract only calls for
20 knots. Lieutenant R. F. Lopez, who
will have command of the Rowan, says
she will be the best boat of her class in
the navy.
Shot Himself in the Head.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. fi.— Albert Ander
son, a blacksmith, aged 55 years, attempt
ed suicide about 8 o'clock this morn-
Ing by shooting himself through the
head with a revolver in the carriage
painting shop of Mathew Canavan, over
his own place of business. The man was
-nci discovered until $ o'clock lv the af
ternoon by his young son, Arthur. Dr.
W. J. Wickman was summoned and did
all he could for the man, but at a late
hour to-night his death was considered a
certainty. The cause is said to be de
spondency owing to dull times.
TWO WORLD'S BICYCLE
RECORDS ARE BROKEN
Opening of the Twenty-Four Hour
Race, Unpaced, Marked by
Very Fast Time.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— The first annual
international twenty-four-hour bicycle
race, unpaced, which was begun on the
Madison Square Garden track to-night,
■brought a fairly large attendance of bi
cycle enthusiasts to the big amphitheater.
Following is the list of starters: Fred
eric, Switzerland; Teddy Hale. Ireland;
James W. Nawn, New York City; B. W.
Pierce, Boston; Frank Albert, New York;
.Frank , Waller New York City; Charles
« . Miller, Chicago; Louis Glmm, Pitts
burg; Earl D. Stevens, Buffalo; John
Lawson, Chicago; Oscar Aaronson, New
Jork; Oscar Julius, New York City; C.
w. Ashinger. New York; W. H. Hicks,
New York City; Charles Turville, Phila
delphia; J. W. Chapman. Atlanta, Ga,;
Tom Barnaby, Boston.
When the scorers had marked up one
hundred miles Pierce was leading the
front bunch. The time for this distance
was announced to be four hours forty
minutes and four seconds. This estab
lishes a new world's record (indoor)
««i c was i ead ins at the end of the
tt£ hour, ■ when the world's record of
106 miles 99 yards, made by Miller in 1597
Tu l % f n mash , cd 'o the score sheets showing
that 106 miles 8 laps had been covered in
the present contest.
Big Catch of Halibut.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 6.— With rig
ging and decks covered with ice, the
steamer New England arrived in port
early this morning with a record catch at
the halibut banks off Queen Charlotte
Islands. The steamer had ISO.OOO pounds
of fish. During- the three months the New
England has been engaged this season
she has brought to port 600,000 pounds of
halibut.
Under Spanish Military Law.
MADRID, Jan. 6.— Colonel Julison San
Martin, who was in command of the
Spanish garrison at Ponce when the Uni
ted States troops under General Miles
landed on the island and who abandoned
the place without resistance, has been
sentenced to imprisonment for life. He
will be incarcerated at Ceuta, the Spanish
penal colony in Morocco, opposite Gib
raltar.
Teresa Kerr Held for Trial.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— Teresa Kerr,
the woman who shot and killed Deputy
City Engineer King on Saturday last, was
examined before a Justice of the Peace
to-day and held to appear Before the Su
perior Court for trial without bail. The
defense of the woman will be that King
shot himself with her revolver while try
ing to prevent her from committing sih
clde.
Voluntary Starvation.
STOCKTON, Jan. 6.— W. F. Bastaln, a
Virginian, 50 years of age, died at the
County Hospital this morning from vol
untary starvation. He refused to eat, and
resisted all attempts made to keep him
alive by forcing liquid food into his stom
ach. From the time of entering the hos
pital until his death the patient did not
once speak.
Robbed a Drugstore.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. ti.-A man wan
dered into Dr. O. P. S. Plumer's drug
store at the corner of Third and Madison
streets to-night and compelled the drusr
sist at the point of a revolver to lie down
on his stomach behind the prescription
case while he rifled the safe and money
drawer. The robber secured $60 and
walked out. During the transaction
dozens of people passed the store
England Ready to Disarm.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— The reply of Lord
Salisbury to the proposal of Emperor
Nicholas for a disarmament conference of
the powers, which is just publish-d,
promises the cordial co-operation of the
British Government and asks for an indi
cation of the heads of the discussion at
the conference.
Plans for Docks Completed.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: Plans and
specifications for the proposed timber
docks at League Island and Mare Island
have been practically completed, and ad
vertisements for bids on the contract for
their construction will shortl> be pub
lished. These docks will be TOO feet in
length and have a depth of thirty feet.
Plenty of Water on Goat Island.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. -The Navy De
partment is informed that the engineers
at Goat Island have discovered a well of
excellent water, yielding an ample supply
for all needs. This will render it unnec
essary to have a supply brought in pipes
from Oakland.
Columbia Blocked With Ice.
VANCOUVER, Wash.. Jan. 6.— The Co
lumbia Paver from the mouth of the Wil
lamette to the Cascades, for the second
time this winter, is blocked with ice. No
boats have been able to navigate the
stream above the mouth, of the Willam
ette, six miles below this city, since last
night.
Raid on a Postofflce.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 6.— An attempt was
made at an early . hour this morning to
rob ■ the postoflVe at Encinitas, thirty
miles north of here. The thieves obtained
about $10 worth .of postage stamps. An
attempt to break open tb.Q gate failed,
REFRIGERATED
BEEF WAS GOOD
Colonel Sharp Has So
Testified.
HAD INSPECTED THE MEAT
AND FOUND IT TO BE OF Alt
EXCELLENT QUALITY.
Knew Nothing of the Alleged Use oj
Chemicals Complained of by
Surgeon Daly to War In
vestigators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. — Coßonel
Henry Sharp of the commissary de
partment, who served at Camp Thomas
and in Porto Rico during the war, was
before the War Investigating Commit
tee to-day. He said that he had su
perintended the issue and inspection of
refrigerated beef in Porto Rico; that
he had been in the commissary depart
ment for fifteen years, and that the
quality of the fresh beef issued at Camp
Thomas was equal to any he had ever
seen in the army.
Governor Bpaver read to the witness
parts of Surgeon W. H. Daly's report
to General Miles on the "embalmed
beef" issued at Camp Thomas and
asked if he had noticed the "mawkish
taste" and "disgusting odor" of the
beef referred to.
Colonel Sharp said the report ln^
question referred to a time after wit
ness left Camp Thomas, and said posi
tively that the description did not ap- 1
ply to any of the beef he had seen. In
Porto Rico, he said, he had inspected
one vessel of refrigerator beef at Ar
royo and the beef was the "wonder and
admiration" of all the natives and of
the foreign residents, none of whom
had ever seen such good beef.
The native cattie in Porto Rico, he
said, were infinitely inferior to the
American refrigerator beef. He knew
of no chemically preserved meat issued
to the army.
Colonel Sharp thought the loss of the
spoiled beef which had been in qupp
tion fell to the contractors and not to
the Government.
Now Charged With Murder.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 6.— Almost two
months ago Jose Jaccino, one of the Capi
tan Grande Indians on the reservation ,
twenty miles east of this city, in a row
with Manuel Lugo, another Indian, at a
fiesta held at that time, assaulted the
latter most brutally with rocks and cob
ble-stones, beating him so badly that
Lugo was nearly dead before any one
could interfere. Lugo has lingered along
in a precarious condition until to-day, his
assailant having been held in custody on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon
to await the result of the injuries. This
morning Lugo died of his wounds, and the
charge of murder was entered against
Jaccino.
Bishop of Brazil.
NE^V YORK, Jan. 6.— lmpressive ser
vices marked the consecration to-day of
Rev. Lucien Lee Kinsolvlng as Bishop for
Brazil. The services were held in St.
Bartholomew's Protestant Episcopal
Church. The c.vent was of historical in
terest, Inasmuch as Rev. Mr. Knisolvlnc:
will be the first Protestant Bishop for
Brazil. Bishops, priests and laymen from
many States were present at the services.
The services began at half-past 10 o'clock
this morning and occupied two hours.
Ireland Is Not Going.
ST. PAUL, Jan. 6.— Archbishop Ireland
to-night positively denied the London
story that he intends soon to visit Rome.
IT 13
I 1 1 %&
YOUR SYSTEM THAT IS ALL WRONG.
HUDYAN will make it all right again.
You have dreams. HUDYAN gives you sweet
and peaceful sleep. You know that there are
other men on earth who are more manly than
you. HUDYAN remedio-treatment for a week
will alter this. You ought to be as strong as ,
your next-door neighbor. HUDYAN will give '
you the vitality that it needs to make a whola
man. But remember that it is only, c
HUDYAN
Yes, HUDYAN, that will do this. You want
to get rid of those shaking hands. Ask about
the great remedio-treatment. You want to be
able to look the world fairly in the face. Ask
about the great remedio-treatment. You want
energy, and you want life. Ask about that .
grand remedio-treatment. Free as the air you
breathe are the circulars and testimonials. !
All you have to do is to ask for them. Writs '
and see to-day.
THAT
You are a weakling it needs no one to tell you.
You cannot even walk with your head up. Get
HUDYAN and you will be able to. Get the
HUDYAN treatment and you will not know
yourself In a week. But you are going from
bad to worse at this -moment. Stop! Yes,
STOP! And stop this very minute. You can
get HUDYAN as well to-day as you will b« i
able to get it to-morrow. Be a man, and be
a good one!
CURES.
All classes of curable diseases are cured
at the grand old Hudson Medical Institute. '
"Thirty- Day Blood Cure" circulars are free,
too. and if you will but describe your disease i
and give the doctors a chance to help you you ;
will be CURED! ?■"•
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,!
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. \
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S »«>*«
riSa Museum of Anatomy
I NPf i ieaiuanTST • " 4 "-. S.P.CeL
I jXS^ W The Largest ofiti kind In the 'World.
fltfiil % DR ' JORDAN — Private Diseases.
Vrvwlf B. Conjulutlon free. TTrlte for Book
1 I *\> Philosophy of Marriage^
** MAILED FHCC.
(fiT\ LADIES DO YOU KNOW
£ >*2f DR - FELIX LE BRUITS
w' > Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
J Jis the original and only FRENCH,
3 r" safe and reliable cure on the mar-
f Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
* > Genuine sold only by
Zl4 Kearny et., San Franclaco.
g^mm* rupture.
WNt^JL/^\jEM USE NO MORE IRON
d9 HfiSkSSw^ Hoops- or Steel Spring*.
i g — jgHW J Rupture retained with ea.«a
fl*"^ v anrl comfort, and thousands radl-
; « flm, call y CURED by DR. PIERCE'9
i \./£? Magnetic Elastic Truss. (CT Call af
TSk&T office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC, TRUSS CO..
6$ J4wltet.B^^pp, Pa^octfiQ.tsUfiiwEr»acH«g, IAGUINALDO TO VISIT
OTIS AT MANILA
THE FILIPINO
LEADER NOW
WANTS PEACE
Conference Can Mean
■ Nothing Else.
NO ORDER TO ATTACK
C^SiiiiLEß must NOT PROVOKE
fSjx-^A ■' HOSTILITIES.
: ;it May Be That He Will Be Compelled
.:..;': •;.' to Occupy Iloilio as
■:';•; : a Military Ne
'•'"• .'■ . '•; -•: cessity.
".' V£i':>!al Cah> to The Call and the New York
•-. ;;.v. Herald. Copyrighted, 15?», by James Gor-
MANILA, Jan. 6.— lt is
probable that Aguinaldo
will come to Manila to dis
cuss with General Otis, the
American Military Gov
ernor, as to the best
means of reaching a satis
factory settlement of af
fairs in the islands. The
American troops have not
yet been landed at lloilo.
XFAV YORK. Jan. 6.— A
hington special to the Her-
'.vices from the Philippines,
especially with regard to the situ
. l at lloilo. are anxiously
.ited by the administration.
Secretaries Alger and Long
• unable to throw any further
. ton the situation in the archi-
igo at the Cabinet meeting
morning. The report that
v r ere sent to General
.Miller through General Otis yes-
capture lloilo by force
nounced untrue at the War
partment. General Miller was
ted to land his troops near
','> if his representations to the
•gents in regard to the pur
es of the United States did
cause them to surrender the
.vithout conflict.
was repeated to-day that the
lent desires to avoid blood
at least until after the treaty
ace is ratified. When action
:is taken by the Senate on that in
stnjment, then a firm stand will
be taken and Iloilo will be occu
. Of course, if General Mil-
.let's command should be attack
ed by the Filipinos he will resist
.andas a military measure compel
• thic insurgents to evacuate or sur
• ier the city. But the in^truc
ready sent especially de
re that the President does not
want hostilities at this time.
Secretary Long denied to
that Admiral Dewey is to be
c Governor General of the
ippines. General Otis will be
ihted to this positions just as
as the situation in those isl-
ajld.s .warrants such action.
Uewev will return to the United
just as soon as the situa
tion assumes a peaceful aspect.
imodore J. C. Watson is very
cms to succeed him.
The orders to the gunboat Cas
tine were changed to-day so as to
c her to proceed direct to the
station. She left Havana
San Juan, where she will coal.
and will then continue her voyage
to the Far East. Repairs to the
Yorktown are com
!. and it is expected she will
ive orders to proceed to
ila.
I here lias been much comment
and complaint, chiefly from .the
. Pacific (oast, regarding the ac
tion of the War Department in
tiding troops to Manila from
u\'ew York, necessitating the
payment of large tolls for passage
through the Suez Canal, instead
-ending them from San Fran
cisco, with no canal tolls to pay
and with the advantage of many
thousands of miles in distance.
Secretary Alger said to-day
that the reason troops were sent
from New York was because the
department had on the Atlantic
coast a number of transports in
THE CALIFORNIA TROOPS
ARE WAITING ORDERS
*. • MANILA, Jan. 6.— California Regiment is still on board 88
j^ the transports here awaiting orders. • J
S5 A dispatch to the Independencia from Malolos, the seat of the so- *°
88 called Filipino Government, says the Governors of all the provinces of 8?
g» Luzon have assembled at Malolos for the purpose of offering their lives 8?
** and property to the President and Government in adhesion to their 5.5
* policy. Continuing, the dispatch says: gj
* 5 "They say they fought only for the independence of the Philippines
•* and are unwilling to surrender to strangers." r?
** Commenting upon President McKinley's proclamation to the Fill- r °
*? plnos, Issued on Wednesday by General Otis, the Independencia, which *?
88 is a native paper, says the problem presented is most grave. It ad- 28
g8 mits that there are only two solutions possible, namely, the Americans' gj
at abandonment of their annexation policy, since they claim that the peo- c«
r, pie here are not desirous of absorption in their nationality, or a pro- „
*' longed and bloody war. It cites the example of the "noble patriots of
** Hullo defying General Miller," expresses hope for a pacific termination *°
8S of the crisis, but hints at trouble. •$
So The official organ, the Republica, is less aggressive, but Is indis- 28
8? posed to accept the suggestions of General Otis in their entirety. SS
2? The Spanish papers are evidently afraid to comment on the situation. 88
a 88
li 88 % 8 88 88 8 ti 8 8 8 8 82 8 8 8 SiSS 88 88 £ Si 83 58 88 88 88 S2 8 82 88 88 88 '.»•
tended for service in the Philip
pines and Hawaii which were to
be sent there even it no troops
were going. These transports
will hereafter be used in Pacific
waters, and it is the purpose of
the War Department in future to
make San Francisco the point of
departure and of return for
troops ordered to or from the
new Eastern possessions.
PRESIDENT DID NOT
WANT THE ISLANDS
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The Senate passed to-day the Hoar res
olution requesting the President to send
to the Senate the instructions given to
the Peace Commissioners.
I asked one of the leading members
of the Committee on Foreign Relations
what was the significance of the adop
tion of the Hoar resolution. He re
plied that in view of the fact that it
was so broad in its nature and left so
much to the discretion of the President
it would not be embarrassing either to
the administration or to the friends ( f
the treaty in the Senate.
"It is not reasonable." he added, "to
suppose that the President will be in
clined to repeat every verbal suggestion
or purely confidential message he has
a right to deliver to his Commission
ers. If the motive of the resolution
was to prove that the Commissioners
went to Paris without any instructions
as to the acquisition by the United
States of the entire Philippine group
there need be no mystery on that B
It Is known that the President original
ly had no desire or intention of taking
all of the Philippines. He simply de
sired us to take Luzon Island. It is
known that Mr. Day did not pro
pose to go to that extent. He simply
advocated taking one of the islands, or
a portion of one of the islands, to '»c
used as a coaling station. There are
other members of the commission who
entertained similar views, but circum
stances arose which rendered it i.
sary to take the entire group.
"Unless I am very much mistaken,
th^ members of the commission are pre
pared to make it perfectly clear to their
associates in the Senate and to con
vince the majority of the American
people that the pending treaty is the
outcome of earnest and faithful delib
erations and in the interest of the
American people."
AGUINALDO FORMERLY
FAVORED ANNEXATION
WASHIXGTON, Jan. 6.— The corre
spondence published officially in con
nection with the peace treaty contains
much of interest from Consul Williams,
who was stationed at Manila prior to
the war. He was in constant commu
nication with Aguinaldo for some time
after the battle of Manila Bay and his
letters throw much light upon the re
lations with the Philippine chieftain.
As early as February 22 last Mr. Wil
liams wrote:
The Governor General, who is amiable
and popular, having resigned, wishes
credit for pacification, and certain I
leaders were given a cash bribe of $4<JO,<.MW
to consent to public deportation to China.
This bribe and deportation only multi
plied claimants and fanned the fires of
discontent.
On March 19 he complained that his
letters and telegrams were tampered
■with. Mr. Williams also stated that
every leisure hour was devoted to the
inspection of the forts, arsenals and
battleships in and about Manila, even
at that early day, and that he was
sending information thus derived to
Commodo-re Dewey, who, with his fleet,
was then at Hongkong. Spies were so
thick that he did not dare copy his dis
patches in his office books.
Mr. Williams left Manila on April 23.
He was a witness of Dewey's victory
and on May 12 resumed his re; orts from
Cavlte. His first dispatrh of that date
begins with an assurance of the friend
liness of the Philippine natives to our
country and "to me as its representa
tive."
"Scores of times," h<* continues, "I
have heard hopes expressed that either
the United States or Great Britain
would acquire these islands.
"Again Aguinaldo told me to-day," he
ADVERTISEMENTS.
►♦♦♦♦♦«♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦«♦♦♦♦*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦*<»
AN HONEST DRUGGIST
WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU
If you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water.
Others will give you a cheap substitute on which they
make a few cents more profit.
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders
Hunyadi Janos Has No Equal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAKUARY 7, 1899.
writes on June 16, "that his friends all
hoped the Philippines would be held as
a cc-lony of the United States "
This was only four days after the first
i formation of a provisional government
'by the natives. Mr. Williams says he
was invited to be present when this
government was organized by the Fili
pinos, but that he declined. For this
he afterward received a note of ap
proval from the State Department.
On August 4 he wrote:
It has been my study to keep on pleas
ant terms with Aguinaldo for ultimate :
objects. Admiral Pewey says I have
planted the seeds of cordial co-operation.
: My agreement with Aguinaldo has been
j that the conditions of government by the
United States in the Philippine Islands
I would be vastly better for him and his
le in honor, advancement and profit
! than could exist under any plan fixed by
himself and Filipinos. I have traversed i
the entire ground of government with him
in counsel, and he has called his officials
, from fifteen provinces to meet for their
; discussion, as stated, friendly but unoffi
cial on my part.
On September 5 Mr. Williams cabled:
"To-day delegations from 4000 Viscayan
soldiers and also representing southern
business interests came to me, pledging
loyalty to annexation. Several insur
gent leaders likewise, f nain cannot
control. If we evacuate anarchy rules."
On July IS Consul Wildman wrote to
the Secretary of State expressing his
views on the then reported policy of the
United States Government to allow the
Philippine Islands to return to Spain.
Among other things he said, after giv
ing the particulars of his long residence
and intimate acquaintance among the
people of the Straits Settlement:
I consider the forty or fifty Philippine
leaders with whose fortunes I have been
closely connected both the superiors of '
the Malays and Cubans. Aguinaldo,
Agencillo and Sandico are all men who
would be leaders in their separate depart
ments in any country, while among the i
wealthy Manila men who live in Hong
kong and who ar<* spending their money
liberally for the overthrow of the Span
iards and annexation to the United States,
men like the Cortez family and the Paza
family, would hold their own among
bankers and lawyers anywhere. In spite \
•if statements to the contrary, I know
they are lighting for annexation to the
United States first and for independence
secondly. In fact, I have had the most
prominent leaders call on me and say that
they would not raise one finger unless I
could assure them that the United States
intended to give them United States citi- ;
/.unship if they wanted it. There has been
;i systematic attempt to blacken the name
of Aguinaldo and his Cabinet on account
of the cjuestionable terms of their surren
der to Spanish forces a year ago this
month. It has been said that they sold
their country for gold, but this has been
conclusively disproved, not only by their
own statements, but by the speech of
the late Governor General Rivera in tn>;
Spanish Senate. I was in Hongkong ,
in September, ISO", when Aguinaldo ami
his leaders arrived under contract with
the Spanish Government. They waited
until the Ist of November for the pay
ment of the money promised for the wid
ows and orphans of the insurgents and
the fulfillment of promised reforms. Only
00 Mexican money was placed to
their credit.
Mr. Wildman says that on the break- '
ing out of the war he received a dele
gation from the insurgent junta and
they bound themselves to obey all laws
of civilized warfare and to place them
selves absolutely under the orders of I
Admiral Dewey if they were permitted
to return to Manila. He says that on
April 27, after another conference, he
agreed, on behalf of Dewey. to allow
two <>f the insurgent delegations to j
accompany the fleet to Manila, he going
with them. It was only later that he
prevailed on Admiral Dewey to allow j
Aguinaldo to go. Referring to Agrui
naldo's organization of a government,
he says it was absolutely necessary to
take such a step to maintain control
over the natives. In conclusion Mr.
Wildman says:
I wish tn put myself on record as stat
ing that the insurgent government of the
Philippine Islands cannot be dealt with
as though they were Xorth American In
dians, willing to be removed from one
reservation to another at the whim of
their masters. If the United States O.f
clded not to retain the Philippine Islands
its 10,000/iuO people will demand independ
ence, and the attempt of any foreign na
tion to obtain territory or coaling stations
will be resisted with the same spirit with
which they fought the Spaniards.
The correspondence shows that Mr.
Wildman was warned not to make
pledges or discuss policy with Agui
naldo and that he replied that he made
him no pledges and exacted from him
but two, viz.: To obey unquestionably
the commander of the United States
forces in the Philippine Islands and to
conduct his warfare on civilized lines
Wildman further says:
Aguinaldo ha? written me by every op
portunity, ar.rl I believe he has* been frank
with me. both regarding his actions and
his motives. I do not doubt that he would
like to be President of the Philippine re
public, and there may be a small coterie
of his native advisers who entertain a
like ambition, but I am perfectly certain
that the great majority of his followers
and all the wealthy and educated Fili
pinos have but one desire — to become citi
zens of the United States. As for the mass
of uneducated natives they will be con
tent with any rule save that of the friars.
Consul General Pratt, stationed at
Singapore, details his last interview
with Aeruinaldo, saying that he en
joined upon the Philippine leader the
necessity, under Commodore Dewey's
directions, of assuming absolute control
over his forces in the Philippines, since
no excesses on their part would be
tolerated by the United States. Pratt
states that to this injunction Apui
naldo expressed the hope that "the
United States would assume protection
over the Philippines for at least long
enough to allow the inhabitants to es
tablish a government of their own, in
the organization r*f which he would de
sire American advice and assistance."
AGONCILLO "bisiRES
DIPLOMATIC STANDING
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Senor Agon
cillo, who is in Washington as the rep
j resentative of the Philippine Govern
ment, has asked to be recognized by
: the United States as such and to be
I accorded the same rights as the other
j diplomats. His request is now in the
hands of Secretary Hay. To-day Don
Slxto Lopez, the private secretary of
! Senor Agoncillo, visited the State De
. partment and presented to the officials
j a letter to Secretary Hay requesting
| on behalf of Senor Agoncillo an inter- j
i view for the purpose of arranging to
j present his credentials to President
McKinley and inquiring when it would
meet the co-nvenience of the President
to meet the Philippine representative.
The letter of Senor Lopez further
i states that he is instructed by Senor
Agoncillo, in view of recent develop- i
ments, to urge the advisability of a.n j
j understanding between the American i
; Government and the representative of !
| the Philippine people as to the rela- i
j tions between the respective nations;
: such understanding to be reached either
I at Washington, through the joint rep- i
j resentatives of the two governments, !
or in the Philippine Islands in a like !
manner.
The letter concludes with an expres
; sion of the earnest hope that the friend- j
ly relations heretofore existing between
; the two peoples may ever be main
[ tamed.
Accompanying the letter is a memor
< andum setting forth the establishment
of the Philippine republic and the pro- I
vision for a detailed system of govern- '
: ment. From the facts submitted, says !
Senor Agoncillo, "it will appear that ;
the Philippine Government Is now and j
i it has been practically ever since June i
IS, 1898, substantially in full possession l
of the terrtiory of the people it repre
sents."
SACRAMENTO HAS
A TAX COLLECTOR
Decision of the Superior Court Segre
gating His Office From That
of the Sheriff.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6.— Judge Hughes
of the Superior Court to-day rendered an
opinion deciding that B. N. Bugbey is
entitled to the office of Tax Collector.
In 1574 the offices of Shertff and Tax
Collector in Sacramento County were con
solidated by the Legislature and it has
been the claim of the incumbent. Sheriff
Johnson, that such act has never been
repealed. Judge Hughes is of the opin
ion, however, that the legislative act re
ferred to was repealed by the general
county government act passed by the
Legislature in 1883 in pursuance of a man
datory provision of the constitution of
the State for a uniform system of county
government.
Bugbey brought suit prior to the last
general elortion to be permitted to go on
the ticket as a candidate for Tax Collec
tor and won his point. After the ballot
appeared with his printed name other
candidate? sprang up and made a canva.?
by requesting voters to write their names
under that of Bugbey. The latter, how
ever, had the inside track and in due time
secured his certificate of election. When
he appeared last Monday and claimed
the office Sheriff Johnson declined to turn
the Tax Collector's books over to him.
hence the suit which to-day was decided
in Bugbey'fl favor.
The salary is 14300 In all. out of which
Bugbey must pay the salaries of two
deputies.
CONGRESSMAN DINGLEY
CLOSE TO DEATH
Worse Last Night, and Physicians
Hold Out Little Hope of
Recovery.
"WASHINGTON*. Jan. «.— The condition
of Representative Nelson Dlngley of
Maine, who has been ill with pneumonia
for almost a week, has undergone a
marked change for the worse, and to
night his physicians hold out little if any
hope of recovery. Although the lung has
improved considerably and the cough les
sened, the effect of the pneumonia has so
weakened the system as to decrease the
vitality to an alarming extent. The poi
son from the sickness has permeated the
whole system, which renders it less po
tent to stand the terrible strain. Much of
the day the patient was delirious and ap
peared to be uttering extracts from
speeches he had made on the tariff ques
tion In the House of Representatives. He
was conscious only when aroused. The
physicians say tnere must be a radical
change one way or the other very soon.
THE VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS
There Is an Unwillingness to Grant
Their Discharge.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 6.— Senator Per
kins and other public men are receiving
great numt>ers of telegrams relating to
the discharge of the Volunteer Engineers.
Those officers were enlisted for the war,
and upon the ratification of the peace
treaty there will be no funds at the dis
posal" of the department for paying them.
There is an unwillingness to grant dis
charges, BO great is the necessity for the
services' of these officers, and as the ap
propriations for their compensation will
not much longer be availahle an effort
will be made to have Congress make pro
vision for their retention in the service.
NEW DIGGINGS FOUND.
Rich Claims on Union, Horse and
Quartz Creeks.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 6.-^J. C. i
Duffie of Deadwood, Colo., who left the j
Atlin mining district Christmas day, ar
rived from Skaguay to-day. He brings
news of the discovery of three nc-w ;
creeks in the district — Union. Horse and .
( m.i rtz creeks— all emptying into Surprise
Lake. He says that for four months he
has prospected the creeks and on all
good paying results were obtained. On 1
a bench claim between Pine and Spruce
creeks he has been taking out from $10 to !
$20 a day.
M. A. Mahoney made the trip to Skag- ,
uay from Dawson In fourteen days. He I
raced with T. A. Monroe for $1000 a side. ;
Arrested for Grand Larceny.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— Charles Scott,
a young mulatto, who arrived in the city
yesterday afternoon from San Francisco,
was arrested by the police on a telegram
from Chief Lees ptatlng that he was
wanted for grand larceny. Scott is
charged by his former employer, Mrs.
George Gray of 1004 Jones street, San
Francisco, with stealing $500 in gold and
currency.
Says Jolly Was Not Lynched.
SEATTLE, Jan. 6.— C. Lundberg, who
arrived here to-day from Eagle City,
Alaska, says there ts no truth in the re
port sent out from Vancouver, B. C, yes
terday that the miners of Eagle City had
lynched Jack Jolly. Jolly, he saya. was
formerly City Marshal at Eagle City and
well liked.
The First Bomb lired
In the Furniture War. See to-morrow's
Call. •
COULD NOT BEAR
HINT OF CRIME
Suicide of an Election
Officer.
HE COMMITTED NO FRAUD
YET WRONG WAS DONE UNDER
HIS EYES.
Unable to Endure Even the Faintest
Suspicion of Evil, He
Took His Own
Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 6.— The sensa
tional developments in the Rains-Walls
election contest, wherein it was shown
i by a reeoun. of the ballots in the Su
j perior Court here this week that gross
I frauds had been perpetrated in count
! ing the votes cast in Wilson Precinct,
have just been followed by a tragic
sequel. As a result Demus Gale, one of
the oldest and most highly respected
residents of Sonoma County, now lies
I in his coffin with a bullet imbedded in
| his brain.
In the last election Gallant Rains was
I the candidate of the Democratic party
| for Supervisor from the Fourth Dis
trict. David Walls was named by the
i Republicans. The fight between the
! two was a spirited one and when the
j election was over a canvass of the votes
1 showed that Walls had been elected by
' a majority of 17. Rains brought suit
j to contest the election, with tlje result
that it was shown conclusively he had
been deliberately robbed of fifty votes
by the election board of Wilson Pre
cinct.
The disclosures made a great sensa
tion, the papers demanding that the
author of the crime be arrested and
punished. Gale was a member of the
election board in Wilson Precinct, and
acted as inspector. When the fact that
a crime had been committed was made
public he seemed to imagine that his
friends might connect him with the af
fair and took it much to heart. His
friends told him he had no reason for
so thinking, but he could not get over
the feeling and late last night he com
mitted suicide by shooting himself
through the brain. No one believes Mr.
Gale knew anything about the frauds.
During the campaign he fought Rains
very strongly, but his work was per
fectly legitimate and he made an open
fight. It is apparent that the matter
30 preyed upon his mind that it became
unbalanced.
Gale left a letter stating that he was
not connected in any way with the
crime.
The suicide has created a great sen
sation. Gale was a member of the
Grand Jury, was In comfortable .cir
cumstances and was one of the repre
sentative men of Petaluma Township.
The letter left was as follows:
I will state as it appears from the re
count of the "Wilson precinct there has
bepn some fraud perpetrated by some ono
or more of the board. I will state as one
of the board that I had no understanding
with any one in regard to using any un
fair means in order to defeat any one. I
opened part of the ballots and" no one
looked over them with me. I passed quite
a number without looking at them, which
leaves me no chance of defending myself.
I have been informed by a trusted friend
about everything that has taken place. I
know of no plot in this affair, and I can
bear up no longer under this trouble.
D. GALE.
RAIN IN SONOMA AND NAPA
Showers That Insure a Good Crop in
Orchard and Field.
NAPA. Jan. 6.— lt has been raining since
noon, and the Indications are favorable
for more.
PETALUMA, Jan. 6.— Rain has been
falling here since yesterdays The rainfall
50 far is over two inches. Farmers are
jubilant, as fine crops are assured.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. G.— The heaviest
rain of the season began to fall here at
noon and continues. The downpour is a
great thing for the county, and farmers
everywhere are well pleased. The rain is
especially beneficial to hundreds of acres
of early sown grain and pasture. The
present fall is about an inch.
— •-—
San Jose's Recount.
BAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— The uisputed ballots
of various precincts of the city are now
being passed upon by, Judges Hyland and
Kittredge in contests over the offices of
Sheriff, Treasurer and City Justice. In
the first five precincts about half of the
tied-up ballots were thrown out. These
precincts complete give the following
pains: Lyndon ll.Conant 1, Aggeler 15. This
makes Conant 2 ahead of Lotz, and Agge
ler n-^eds but 12 to overcome Gass 1 ma
jority.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-')'■ • '-■ -
s~ X. A desperate
/ /v looking man, with
/ i- I two drawn revolv-
( Qf^xfcVO/ ers ' *** not a pleas-
S*&AJ®* ant person to
jj^n^^^*™^ meet at a lonely
/SfK > r^\ cross-road. Most
i\f.^f < >*L''l»\ men will go a
iO//u/^!< - /*?) long way out of
X" /•tfififlht^' their road to avoid
WfC^ T^ such an encount-
rSl ', m _ cr# The same
il H wlifi W \ men will reck-
Vii»i vJ^l'Pkftr* les9l y neglect
'y V (\\n\n their health and
>^j^U A/ ft v? '11l court death in the
WhW i/- 1 /aI /l\ 1 » P u< ' seof consunip-
Ir/K wV/i. I I \*lSv l\ (i on or some other
WBttMli*SriSvl equally fatal dis-
ral^illiW'i'VTft l/ ease - One -sixth
iIVT Jl'lliiftl'iA V'/" of all the deaths
• is'llr/^\f 1 « each .^' ear are ue
l^Jjj H. ;!(*!!■ 'iff tO this "I 051 fata l
-45#'v.*f of maladies.
d£r '* *■"' "^^^^* Until very re-
cent years, con-
sumption was considered absolutely incur-
able. It is now known to be curable.
During the past thirty years it has been
demonstrated that Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery will cure 98 per cent,
of all cases of consumption, if taken in the
earlier stages of the disease before the lungs
are too much wasted, also bronchitis,
asthma, laryngitis and all diseases of all
the air-passages. It acts directly on the
lungs, driving out all impurities and dis-
ease germs. It soothes the cough, facili-
tates expectoration, thus thoroughly clear-
ing the lungs. It purifies and enriches the
blood and tears down, carries off and ex-
cretes old, inert, half-dead tissues, replac-
ing them with the new, firm, muscular
tissues of health. It is the great appetite
sharpener, blood - maker, flesh - builder,
nerve-tonic and restorative. Thousands
who had been given up to die have been
restored to complete, robust health by this
marvelous medicine. Do not buy from un-
scrupulous dealers who try to force upon
you something beside what you ask for.
There is nothing to take the place of it, or,
which is "just as good " as ' Golden Medi-
cal Discovery."
" I had th; grip, which left me feeling miser-
able— no strength and a cough," writes Mrs. C.
Maynard, of East Lyme. New London Co., Conn.
" As some of my family died with consumption,
I was frightened. I beijan taking Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. . After taking the
second bottle I felt much better, and am now
well." ■
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure constipation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
ELECTRICITY J^^^K DOCTOR
| OR M \ SWEANY'S
MEDICINE m jfg| e^i COMBINED
WHEN WL "j I ELECTRO-
USED ALONE l|y^%fL MEDICAL
OFTEN IiSLJSiL TREATMENT
FAILS. '&Ht32mk NEVER FAILS.
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-p? JHE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS* } .
Don't use drugs says a doctor who has only electricity to offer. Don't
use electricity another would say who has only drugs to offer.
Each would speak the truth in some cases, and yet in many cases both
would advise wrongly, simply because medicine will cure in many cases
where electricity will only give temporary relief, and in a few cases electric-
ity properly administered may effect a cure where medical treatment
would fail. So it Is with electricity or medicine when used alone.
Reader, did it ever occur to you that Dr. Sweany's Electro-Medical
Treatment will cure nearer 100 per cent of all cases than any other system
of treatment known to the world? Does it not appeal to your intelligence
that the curative powers of the two scientifically combined will accom-
plish more than either if used alone? If you want quick results and cure
without delay or failure, apply to Dr. Sweany's offices and get the combined
benefit of both medical and electrical treatment and be assured that by this
combined treatment, as administered by the direction of this capable spe-
cialist, you will obtain immediate results more reaching In its effects,
quicker, more satisfactory and permanent cures. You can also understand
that by means of this combined treatment difficult cases can be cured where
all other known means have failed.
If you cannot call at Dr. Sweany's offices for treatment, send at once for
his ELECTRO-MEDICAL BELT. The first and only combined electro-
medical belt ever made. It is the product of this competent and ever pro-
gressive specialist, who stands far ahead of any in the matter of scientific,
skillful and successful methods of treating and curing the sick and suffer-
ing. The belt will give you the benefit at once of both electricity and medi-
cation. This belt has a patent regulator so that you can regulate the cur-
rent, making it strong or weak as the case may require. It has also an
improved scrotal electrode which will carry as much current into and
through the sexual organs as can be tolerated. The medicated part of the
belt is interposed between the electrodes and comes directly in contact with
the surface of the body; the medical virtues are taken up and absorbed
into the system by "Osmotic Action." Hence you get at once and the same
time the fiill effects of both electrical and medical treatment, and the bene*
fits you will derive will be TWO FOLD, relief will be distinctly felt at once
and the results desired will be doubly satisfactory.
Remember that Dr. Sweany is not established here for the sole purpose
of selling belts and appliances, but it is his purpose to cure the sick and
suffering of all kinds and classes and to offer to the people a pleasant, con-
venient and doubly successful means of obtaining relief and cure of theii-
many diseases and ailments. So, reader, if you are a sufferer and cannot
call at his offices, send $10 at once and receive one of his electro-medical
belts. You will never regret it, for by so doing you will place yourself
fairly on the highway to complete health and happiness, as you will then
practically be under the care and treatment of the most successful special-
ist, whom you can consult at any time, either personally or by letter, free of
charge. This electro-medical belt Is neat, clean and not cumbersome and
may be worn day and night, or only at night. WORKS WHILE YOU
SLEEP!
There are two classes of diseases wherein the combined electro-medical
treatment accomplishes wonderful results: First, in the class of diseases
termed neurasthenia, in other words, nervous debility, especially of men, re-
sulting from any cause whatever, either from youthful follies or subse-
quent excesses causing breaking down of the kidneys, sexual organs, sto- :
mach, heart and the whole nervous system. Second, in the many distress-
ing and nervous ailments peculiar to women. If all of those men and wo.
men who have suffered long and have perhaps met with repeated failures In
their efforts to get well would try tins electro-medical treatment, or send for
an electro-medical belt, I dare say nothing on earth could prevent them
from pursuing a full course of treatment with complete and joyful restora-
tion to perfect health.
Write if you cannot call at offices. A valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
sent free of charge. Address,
F\ L. SWEANY, AV. D.,
737 MARKET ST., San Francisco. Cal.
PPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
I w P A LACE
ICRAND HQT MhM%
o BAM FRAHCIOCO. V 5
** Connected by a covered passageway. J*
0 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attaohsd. °
O All Under One Management. Q
Q KOTE THE PRICES: Q
0 European Plan. B l.oo per day and upward _
American Plan. s3. OO per day and upward Ul
Q Corre«pondenc9 Solicited. Q
jj JOS" 0. KIBK?A?&ICK. K«a»g«r. q
aOOOOOOOQOOOQOOOOO
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Kreat ■ Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Comductob : I don't kno*r how I would get along if it wasn't fof
Ripans Tabules. We men here on the road art
always in such a "hustle," and get so little timi
to eat and have to swallow our food so quickly,
no wonder we have dyspepsia. I know I suffered
with it for nearly two years before I got "onto"
the Tabules, and 1 was in misery all the time. I
constantly had pains in my stomach and chest, and
a dizzy feeling about my head. My bowels didn't
work regularly, and I felt " mean " all the time. 1
saw Ripans Tabules advertised so much I bought
some, and after taking them for a month felt like
ft new man. I have a boy who was troubled with
Indigestion, and gave some to him. They proved
to be just what he seeded.
Rfc CMenestcr's Es«Uib Diamond Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
9 _r-^uV Original and Only Genuine. *
//fTK.v\ * Arz : w »7« reUsW*. laoic* »ik A\
m^t^jßj&moid B'u-d Id Kcd ma t;Jd mru::ic\\Hsr
"CX —OfijßiKiM. leaied with blue ribbon. Take
7*l «K4 *Vj BO otber. RtfHtt dangtrnt ruhttitu. V
I / iff tiont and imitations. At DrogfUts, or vend 4*,
I W wf in »:im V, for J )!l leßl if«' teitlmoßttlt tel
\C D "Kmler for Ladle*," in !*n<r, Uj rtlim
-\T_/^ MalL 10.000 T«uioni«H. xJ^.ftS™
- ^"^TClil<-he«terCiemlcalCo.,Madl» < iti Snaar*!
f»U by all Local Urugiist*. P nt rXl> T."??
IBS a n d Morphine Habits
(Ul I Bill cured at home. Write
SHI for full particulars and
Ul I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIMMIS.
201 Turk St., San Francisco.
56
SATURDAY JANUARY 7, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main ISGB.
r OITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THT WEEKLY CALL, 10 p»fccs One year, by mall. SI
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri«U« Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Msrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:20 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clocK- 615 Larktn street, open urjtll 9:30 otlock..
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Utreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh) ;
• street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSI.MENT*
• Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
California— Minstrel Jubilee.
Alcazar— "A Midnight Bell."
. Tivoli— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— Hl Henry Minstrels.
■ Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— ''All Aboard."
' The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Metropolitan Temple— Rosenthal Piano Recital.
Ingleelde Coursing Park— Coursing To-day.
. Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
THE EXAMINER AND DAN BURNS.
THE Examiner of Wednesday devoted an entire
column of its editorial page to two extracts from
The Call of Tuesday last, in one of which the
following words occurred: "For obvious reasons
the Examiner will never effectively resist corruption
in the choice of a Federal Senator."
The comments upon the passage quoted wholly ig
nored this significant language and are devoted to an
argument to prove the falsehood that The Call sup
ported the Republican legislative ticket in San Fran
cisco with the consciousness that it had been named
by William F. Herrin and Dan Burns, and that Dan
Burns was a candidate for United States Senator.
There has been no evidence so far, except as to two
members, that the Republican legislative ticket either
lure <<v anywhere else in this State was named by Mr.
Herrin <>r by Dan Burns, or by both of them together.
•1 he presumption ami appearances are the other way.
It i- quite certain that, if any such combination had
really transpired, that legislative ticket would have
been defeated, not through the Examiner, but through
the Republican press, h is also certain that before
the election no one could have suspected, much less
have known, the genuine candidacy of Dan Burns. It
i- not certain even now that it is genuine, and the ob
jective point may be. some one else. In this respect
the information of the Examiner is probably more
direct than that of The Call.
k i^ not what the Examiner Ins said but what it
has left unsaid that will interest the public. There
Was no charge or fear of corruption in the election of
Perkins or of Senator White. But before
they represented the State there were Senatorial elec
tions in which the corrupt use of money was so well
authenticated that even the amounts paid by success
ful candidates have been repeatedly expressed in fig
ure-. Where was the Examiner in those compara
tively recent days? Let it search its own files dili-
gently and see if it can rind any effective resistance to
the bribery which at the time other journals de
nounced, or whether its columns were eloquently si
lent when the public interests demanded exposure and
conviction.
The "milk in the cocoanut" still remains there. It
has not even been reached by the comments of the
Examiner upon manufactured facts and dishonest in
ferences, which evade the real issue.
THE WAGES OF SEAMEN.
' IZJ ASTERN free trade organs, in their opposition
to the proposed legislation in favor of upbuild
—* ing our merchant marine, have asserted that the
rate of wages paid by American ship-owners is not
notably higher than that paid by ship-owners of other
countries. As a result there has been a sharp discus
sion on the question, and out of it there has come a
letter to the Boston Journal from a typical seafaring
man, the mate of a New England coasting schooner,
which gives what is perhaps the most interesting evi
dence brought out on either side.
The story of this seaman as condensed by the
Journal is that he has been following the sea for a
third of a century. Tie has sailed in the British mer
chant marine, the German — he is a German by birth —
and the American. Out of his thirty-three years' ex
liericnce under all flaps and in all the waters of the
globe, he declare? that "this i? the only country where
a man is paid and fed and has accommodations
to live in."
Just by way of illustration he adds that before he
catrfe to America he was first mate of a large German
sailing ship of 1800 tons, with wages of $15 a month.
He i« now mate of a two-masted American schooner,
.and his wages are $30 a month! The sailors on that
German ship were paid $8 a month; on the American
schooner they are paid $25. "As to the food, the
.'grub' you call it here, we got on our German yes-
- sel, it was not fit to live on. I could not go back and
live on it again, and the Gorman ships live 75 per
cent better than the English, for I have been on
both."
That sort of testimony is more impressive than stat
istic*. It has the verve and vigor of a human per
sonality in it. It settles the discussion over seamen's
os by the statements of actual experience. The
free traders who are going to continue their opposi
te the promotion of an American merchant
mariue must pet some other ground for it than that
wages. The American sailor, like the land
•<er of the country, is entitled to legislation that
will protect his wages from the competition of the
underpaid labor of Europe.
Police Lieutenant Hannah, having been found
drunk on Market street, should be dismissed from the
force. A lieutenant who lacks the judgment to con
fine his jamborees to less frequented thoroughfares is
not tit for his position.
The resolution to have nothing to drink at the in
augural ball commends itself to the judgment. There
are plenty of saloons in Sacramento, without estab
lishing a jag mill at the CapitoL
AGENTS Of CORRUPTION.
AT the Capital City, where there is in
progress the skirmish preliminary to a Sena
torial election, the ugly head of corruption has
already reared itself. Bribery, intimidation and fraud
are the instruments employed for the purpose of elect
ing to a station where patriotism, probity, lofty ideals
and practical sense, dignity, a high conception of honor,
must be requisites of any fitting incumbent. Even the
circumstance that political rounders, social outcasts,
gamblers and thugs are active in attempts to shape the
destinies of the commonwealth to their own purposes
is enough to bring a blush to the face of manhood. |
That they should be directed and abetted by office- ■
holders and jobbers shows that public affairs have
fallen to a low estate.
There is only one remedy. These unclean creatures
must be hurled from power to which they never had a
right, and which they have abused until decency,
humiliated and outraged, clamors a protest. Let them
go home baffled and forever deprived of their evil
potency. Let the Federal brigade be shown that no
set of place-holders can safely use their positions to
forward base ends, or to place upon fair California a
lasting brand of shame. The State has already en
dured- too much from its Dans and its Gunsts, its
Jakes and its Dennerys.
That Burns is trying to buy his way to the Senate
there has never been doubt since the rising of the first
suspicion that he possessed the unspeakable effrontery j
to thrust himself into a contest where the light of i
publicity would be turned full upon him. His record j
has been stained and spotted by crime, and there has
been from him no expression of regret for his mis
deeds. He has battened and thriven until he is rich
and arrogant and brazen. He defies all tenets of re
spectability, and demands that a State which failed
to punish him for his crimes shall "vindicate" him by
sending him to the Senate. Ungrateful to have es
caped the penitentiary, he wants an apology for the
ttlling of the truth. As well and a 6 logically could
the State erect a monument to the memory of
Durrant.
The election of Burns would be the worst single
blow the Legislature could administer to California.
It would be an insult to citizenship and to the coun
cil of the nation.
The opportunity to turn to Grant has been im
paired by the indiscreet supporters of the gentleman
from San Diego. They have permitted themselves to
appear in the attitude of bribers. Dan Cole, grown
gray in politics, and ever lucky at finding himself in
receipt of a salary, in his enthusiasm for Grant offered
to pay the campaign expenses of Assemblyman
Clough, the condition being that Clough sign a
pledge to support Grant for the Senate. Cole pro
claims that this was done on his own motion and with-
out the knowledge of anybody else, but it has a sin
ister look and has hurt the cause it was designed to
strengthen. Knowing Burns to be the epitome of all
that is bad in politics, the public has been inclined to
place him on a plane below that occupied by any
other candidate. The exposure of Cole's scheme
tends to make the plane of the two a common one.
Burns cannot win by corruption. Grant cannot
win by corruption. It will be a marvel, even in the
absence of further revelations, if there shall not be
created a revulsion sweeping them both from the
field.
The Sacramento Bee says that Judge Belcher is un
fit to sit on the bench, basing this assertion on the fact
that the Judge intimates a willingness to see the
thieves of the late School Board hanged. Many
others also would like to see them hanged, and
would deem it a duty to pull on the rope if somebody
else had the nerve to provide the rope. Judge Belcher
is all right. The Bee has simply failed in this particu
lar instance to know what it is talking about, with
it a rare fault.
The lady who says she bought a box of candy the
same day Mrs. Botkin is alleged to have bought it
owes the prisoner an apology for diffidence in coming
forward. A natural impulse would have been to save
Mrs. Botkin the discomfort of a sentence for life.
Certainly an innocent woman would have a right to
feel aggrieved at the experience.
THE DEMAND FORCURRENCY REFORM
A SHORT time ago a committee representing
the American Economic Association submitted
a report setting forfh the importance of giving
to our present gold standard the validity and vitality
oi' law and establishing our currency system upon a
safe and sound basis.
In the course of this report, after reviewing the
monetary conditions of the country, the committee
said: "In the light of these facts your committee
are of the opinion that what is most needed at this
juncture is a disposition on the part of the friends of
reform to sink individual preferences as to details and
to insist that Congress shall enact such legislation
as it shall be possible to agree upon."
Furthermore, the committee added: "Never before
has there existed among all classes so great an inter
est on this subject, so near an approach to unanimity
of opinion, and so strong a purpose to see something
accomplished." That passage has had the effect of so
arousing the wrath of the New York Sun as to move
it to sarcasm, and in commenting upon the report it
said:
"The representatives of the people in Congress,
who may be supposed to know the sentiments of their
constituents, declare, on the contrary, that little or
no interest prevails in the subject among any class,
and that there is a strong purpose not to see anything
accomplished. This being so, it is not worth while to
enter into controversy with the professors. We leave
them to their own delusions."
From what source the Sun derived its conclusion
that there is a strong desire among the people not to
see anything accomplished in the direction of settling
the financial issues of the time is a question to which
the Sun itself offers no answer. On that subject its
light is in eclipse and shines for nobody, and in the
absence of any information on which to base a reply
we shall have to pass the point and leave the Sun to
its own delusions.
There are abundant evidences to show that the
Economic Association is right in asserting that the
people of the country recognize the necessity of hav
ing this issue settled at once. At a recent meeting of
the Chicago Commercial Club, for example, the issue
was discussed and a resolution adopted declaring:
"The matter of most pressing. and immediate impor
tance to the American nation after the impending
ratification of the treaty of peace is the building of a
stable foundation for the national monetary system."
From similar bodies of men in all parts of the
THE BAK FRAJSCIBCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
Union similar declarations have come. All the great
business interests of the country are a unit on the
subject. The Republican party owes its success in the
elections of 1896 and of 1898 to its emphatic pledges
in favor of the gold standard and a sound currency.
Those pledges must be fulfilled or it will be hard for
the party to hold the confidence of the people in the
next election. It is evidently time for the Sun to
borrow a light and try to learn what is going on in
the world since Charles A. Dana died.
CAN NO CLEfJN fJND fIBLE MON BE
FOUND?
IT is doubtful if history records a more vital debate
than that which preceded the adoption of the com
promise measures of 1850 when, as a free State,
California was admitted into the Union. The great
statesmen of the country, then grouped in the cham
ber of the Federal Senate, were almost transfigured
in the blazing light of that patriotism which extin
guished the lesser fires of sectional hatred and for
eleven years averted the Civil War. This common
wealth received the most sacred rite of baptism that
had ever attended the addition of a new star to the
American constellation.
The mighty intelligence, the passionate love of
country, the loftiness of sentiment, the high aspira
tions for their race, that poured from the lips of Clay
and Webster, who, like Simeon, were ready to de
part when their, eyes had witnessed the consummation
of their hopes, raised the dignity of the American
Senate, composed of the representatives of powerful
American communities between two oceans, to such
a height that it has ever since commanded the respect
ful attention of the world.
"It is fortunate," said Mr. Webster, March 7, 1850,
"that there is a Senate of the United States, a body
not yet moved from its propriety nor lost to a just
sense of its own dignity and its own high responsi
bilities, and a body to which the country looks with
confidence for wise, moderate, patriotic and healing
counsels." And on the following July 22 Henry
Clay unveiled his own nobility of soul in these words,
which ought to be imprinted upon every American
heart:
"And now let us discard all resentment, all passions,
all petty jealousies, all personal desires, all love of
place, all hankerings after the gilded crumbs which
fall from the table of power. Let us forget popu
lar fears, from whatever quarter they may spring. Let
us go to the limpid fountain of unadulterated patriot
ism and, performing a solemn lustration, return di
vested of all selfish, sinister and sordid impurities, and
think alone of our God, our country, our consciences
and our glorious Union."
Since this important epoch in our national career
the unbroken line of States has been stretched across
the continent. The Gadsden purchase completed the
symmetrical development of our territory. Alaska
Hanked the Canadian Confederation and brought us
face to face with the advancing progress of Russia.
The war with Spain has ended, and now, whether for
good or for evil, our banner floats over Porto Rico
and Manila, ten thousand miles apart.
Those who stand on the higher level of observation
can already discern the splendors of an unprecedented
future piercing the gloom that shrouds the close of
the nineteenth century, and far in the East the twen
tieth century, the Golden Age of the Pacific, already
dawns. The expanding life, wealth, population, in
telligence, education and enterprise of our country
have brought us into direct contact with opportuni
ties and with questions that demand in the deliberative
body, where forty-six restricted sovereignties, in the
name of the Union, of which they are inseparable
part?, proclaim their policy and record their will, such
depth and vigor of statesmanship as the world has
rarely witnessed. Perhaps the very crisis of our na
tional fate is at hand. Labor and capital, commerce,
trade, finance, all the elements of modern civilization
in its most advanced form, with the constitution as
its base and American fraternity as its energizing
force, are demanding adjustment, without break or
disturbance of the republic, to new conditions and the
solution of questions in which the prospects of hu
manity itself arc involved.
And. while this grand panorama is unfolding itself
to our view, and California, golden in its soil, in its
products, in its sons and in its daughters, proudly
awaits the magnificent destiny that is almost within
its grasp, narrow selfishness, foul ambition, filthy cor
ruption and stupid ignorance deliberately propose that
Dan Burns or his double shall be its embassador in
the chamber which Webster apotheosized and where
Clay immortaiized American manhood!
Here is a picture for our legislators to contemplate,
and with the pressure of their pledges and their oaths,
and of their moral and intellectual responsibilities to
their constituencies weighing upon them, they are
privileged to determine whether an obnoxious Lili
putian shall usurp the place of such a man as Cali
fornia needs. We live under representative institu
tions — is it conceivable that such a Senator should
represent the State? Among a million and a half of
people is there no wise, conservative, broad-minded,
instructed, clean-hearted, prescient American states
man to be found who will hold up the honor, the dig
nity and the interests of this commonwealth before
the country and before the world?
This is the immediate question of questions which
the Legislature, so far unimpeached and unsullied,
will have an opportunity to answer on Tuesday next.
Shall Burns or his double reduce and degrade the
State to the proportions of a pothouse politician, or
shall a selection be made upon which citizens and
corporations, all men and all bodies, in whom Ameri
can blood in circulating, can unanimously agree?
Highbinders have been posing as educators in the
hope of escaping the police. Such an effort to copy
the Board of Education which has just retired cov
ered with dishonors shows the imitative faculty of the
Oriental mind.
Government beef, described as having green
whiskers, may be all right f^om the standpoint of the
contractors, but the consumers cannot be regarded as
over punctilious if they were to demand that it be
shaved.
Oakland ministers have denounced Burns. The
province of a preacher is to fight evil, and while he
dees not ordinarily dip into politics, he could not
well overlook such an opportunity as Burns affords.
The politician who says "Get thee behind me,
Satan," must not have an open palm at his back, or
he will be suspected of insincerity.
Doubtless this country can whip Aguinaldo, and
doubtless he deserves it, but we did not realize the
sort of snap we were acquiring.
Governor Pingree will never be happy until ap
pointed censor of the universe and umpire of the
! game of life.
As to th.it treaty of peace with Spain, most of the
peace seems to have been acquired by that country.
Dan Cole may look like Lincoln, but his political
methods are different.
HANNA-PAYNE SHIPPING BILL.
On December 19, 1898, there was introduced in the Senate a bill by Mr.
Hanna under the title of "A bill to promote the commerce and increase tne
foreign trade of the United States, and to provide auxiliary cruisers, trans
ports and seamen for Government use when necessary."
This bill is the outcome of the labors for over a year of a committee 01
shipbuilders, ship owners and merchants, and is supposed to unite all ruc
tions whose antagonism has hitherto prevented effective legislation. me
main features of the bill are as follows:
Commencing July 1, 1599, and continuing for a period of twenty years,
subsidies are to be paid as hereinafter follows, to all existing vessels or
American register whose owners will build within the next five years an
amount of tonnage equal to not less than 25 per cent of the gross amount
of tonnage to which the subsidy is paid.
For sailing vessels and steamships under fourteen knots speed, engaged
in trade with foreign countries distant over 150 miles from port of depar
ture in the United States, 1% cents per gross ton for each 100 miles for me
first 1500 miles sailed both outward and homeward bound, and 1 cent per
gross ton for each 100 miles over 1500 miles sailed both outward and home
ward bound.
In addition to the foregoing remuneration, steamships suitable for mail
and auxiliary cruisers will receive the following subsidies for each 100 miles
sailed both outward and homeward bound:
Vessels over 1500 tons gross register— . _
14 knots and less than 15 knots speed 1 cent per gross ton.
15 knots and less than 16 knots speed 1.1 cents per gross ton.
16 knots or over 1.2 cents per gross ton.
Vessels over 3000 tons gross—
17 knots and less than 18 knots 1.4 cents per gross ton.
18 knots and less than 19 knots 1.6 cents per gross ton.
19 knots or over 1.8 cents per gross ton.
Vessels over 8000 tons gross—
20 knots and less than 21 knots 2 cents per gross ton.
21 knots or over 2.3 cents per gross ton.
Vessels over 10.000 gross tons—
22 knots and less than 23 knots 2.7 cents per gross ton.
23 knots and over ;?.2 cents per gross ton.
EXAMPLE 1.
A 5000 ton gross register steamship of seventeen knots, rating on a voy
age of 7200 miles outward and 7200 miles homeward, would receive as a
subsidy $18,030.
EXAMPLE 2.
A sailing vessel 2000 tons gross register, on Voyage from San Francisco
to Liverpool and return, total distance both ways by most direct course,
say 28,000 miles, would receive a subsidy of $8850.
FOREIGN BUILT VESSELS
Will obtain right to receive subsidies under following conditions:
Vessels actually owned by American citizens on December 1, 1898, and
those which have been contracted for in foreign shipyards, and for which
copies of the contracts have been filed with the Secretary of the Treasury
prior to February 1, 1899.
These vessels cannot engage in coastwise trade, or in trade from which
our navigation laws exclude vessels of foreign flag.
American owners before being granted a register for such vessels must
give penal bond for $50,000 that they will build in American shipyards
within five years a vessel or vessels of at least 50 per cent of the aggregate
gross tonnage of the foreign built vessel or vessels for which registry is
requested.
DEEP SEA FISHING VESSELS
Which are engaged in fishing for three months during twelve consecutive
months will receive a bounty of $2 per gross ton, provided not less than one
third of the crew are American citizens.
Each American member of the crew will receive a bounty of $1 per
month during the time of the voyage.
MISCELLANEOUS.
All vessels receiving subsidy must carry United States mails free.
At least one-fourth of the navigating crew must be American citizens.
One apprentice must bo carried for each 1000 gross tons register on all
vessels except deep-sea fishing vessels.
Tests for speed to be under supervision of a board of naval officers, and
must include not less than four hours' continuous steaming at sea in ordi
nary weather. *
Subsidies to continue for a term of twenty years, under contract made
between Secretary of the Treasury and owner of any vessel registered for
foreign trade.
All former acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this new shipping act
are repealed when the latter becomes a law.
The freneral opinion expressed in regard to the proposed bill is that it will
become a law early in the present session of Congress, and its effect will be
to work a revolution in the steamship trade of the Pacific Ocean. It is in
tended to supersede all present acts, and abolishes special appropriations for
mail service. Its provisions as regards subsidies are such that a premium is
placed on size and speed. As an example, taking the route between San
Francisco and Hongkong, via Yokohama: Under the new law the steamer
Peru, 3528 tons, 14 knots, would receive as subsidy $10,187 60 per voyage.
An 8000-ton 20-knot vessel would receive for the same voyage $32,880.
This illustration tells its own tale, and it is apparent at a glance that
within a short period the time across the Pacific Ocean will be shortened at
least four to five days, and the same statement applies to the Australian
colonies. It means that vessels below 5000 tons, 17 knots, for long voyages
cannot hold their own in competition, and therein lies the bright prospects
for San Francisco. Shortening the voyage, with magnificent ocean grey
hounds from the Orient and South Sea ports, will divert an immense
amount of travel from the Suez route to San Francisco. The service will be
more frequent.
There will have to be a general rehabilitation of the steamship service
as It now leaves San Francisco. The foreign steamships now being operated
by the Occidental and Oriental line will have to give way to American built
vessels as soon as the latter can be procured. It is In expectation of this that
C. P. Huntington is about to lay the keels of two immense steamships for
the China trade. The Oceanic Company will have to perform the service
without tho co-operation of the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand,
and must find American tonnage either by charter or building to make up the
requisite number of steamships required for the service.
In general, the proposed law will create an immediate demand on our
shipyards and kindred industries that will have a most beneficial effect on
all lines of business, and under it San Francisco will become of still greater
Importance as a. shipping port.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. W. Blakeley of Stockton is at the
Lick.
L. W. Buskett of St. Helena is at the
Grand.
George P. Harlow of Chicago is at the
Palace.
Paul Faber of Baltimore is a guest at
the Lick.
E. S. Johnston of Seattle is a guest at
the Grand.
B. N. Fiske of Chicago is registered at
the Palace.
C. D. Fontana, a miner of Copperopolis,
is at the Lick.
Dr. F. R. Day and wife of Honolulu are
at the Palace.
Dr. Grace Puler of Lorington is a guest
at the Occidental.
W. G. Hannam, U. S. N., is registered
at the Occidental.
H. A. McChesney of Kansas City is a
guest at the Lick.
Edward McCaUley Jr., U. S. N., is a
guest at the Palace.
T. Kirk, wife and daughter, of San Jose,
are at the California,
William Scallon, a miner of Butte, Is
Btaying at the Palace.
Ex-Judge J. M. Walling of ' Nevada
County is at the Russ.
A. W. Kline Jr. of New York was among
the arrivals at the Palace.
State Senator John J. Boyce of Santa
Barbara is at the Occidental.
John Sparks, the cattle kins of Nevada,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
H. N. "Williams and Harry Francis of
San Rafael are at the Occidental.
V. M. Clement of London and Melville
Gray of New Zealand are guests at the
Palace.
Gerome Helmont, the youthful violin
ist, with his mother and Miss Grace Pres
ton and Ida Simmons, all of New York,
are at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— J. M. Jones and
M. Freedman and wife of San Francisco
are at the Imperial. E. N. Taber of Oak
land and C. R. Faulkner of Sacramento
are at the Cosmopolitan.
Generous Brokers.
A consignment of old wearing apparel
from Alfred Cooper of Chefoo, . China,
came through the Custom House to his
sisu-r. Mrs. \Y. W. Fuller. It was valued
at $20 by the consignor, but the appraisers
here valued it at $14 50, and assessed duty
at $27 66, part of the clothes being rated
as 44 pounds of manufactured wool at 44
cents a pot Kid. The woman could not pay
the duty and the brokers and clerks on
the floor generously contributed the re
quired amount. Bruntsch & Wheeler did
the brokerage gratis and the woman went
her way smiling.
Dalton Brothers' Failure.
Frank and T. B. Dalton, composing the
firm of Dalton Bros., commission mer
chants at 317 Davis street, filed a petition
in bankruptcy yesterday in the United
States District Court. i ney place their
liabilities at $47,814 ,"ft and have no avail
able assets.
Sacred Heart Convent Alumnae.
A meeting of the Sacred Heart Presen
tation Convent Alumnae will be held at
the convent on Taylor street Sunday, Jan-
J uory 8, at 2 p. m.
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
AFFAIRS INVOLVED
DIRECTORS FIND MATTERS IN A
STATE OF CHAOS.
Restraining Orders and Injunctions
Together With Acts of the Last
Board Place Them in
a Quandary.
What with restraining orders and in
junctions the new School Directors are
in a quandary. Business of the board is
almost at a standstill, and will appa
rently remain so until such time as the
legal tangle in which the board finds it
self is unraveled.
The Elementary Schools Committee of
the department met yesterday and dis
cussed at some length the resolutions
presented at the meeting on Wednesday
nipht, and the proposed reorganization
of the department on lines more in keep
ing with its requirements than those fol
lowed by the unsavory Waller-Ragan
regime.
The more consideration Dr. Gedge,
chairman of the committee, and his as
sociates. Directors Brandenstein, Kemp
and Holbrook, gay« the matter the more
involved it, seemed for a time to grow.
They formulated no recommendations
and, in fact, did not see clearly their wav
out of the difficulties that bes"et their of
ficial path. There is a spirit of unrest
among the teachers, as many of them
believe the salaries for November and
December will never be paid, and there
is doubt when payment on other months
will be resumed. There is no probability
of the schools being closed, as has been
proposed at different times. The teach
ers 1 salaries are supposed to go on so
there would be nothing saved in the wav
of money while the children would reap
the penalties of the harvest that has been
The Directors express belief in their
ability to bring order out of this chaotic
condition and that all would be well
shortly. The case of a creditor suing the
department to restrain certain other pay
ments which was set for trial in Judge
Senwell s court yesterday, was continual
for one week.
For Labor Legislation.
At a meeting of San Francisco Labor ;
Council a committee was appoints! to I
work in co-operation with a similar com
mittee from the Building Trades Council
to formulate and present bills at the pres
ent session of the Legislature. Tie mat- ;
ter of formulating a bill to be brought be- !
fore Congress prohibiting the shipment I
of prison made goods from one State to !
another will also be considered by this
committee. The following were appoint
ed: J. K. Phillips. C. Schupperi. Phil Da- :
vis, W. Macarthur and J. r McAullffe.
The delegate from the Musi' ans' Union
reported that the non-union I and at Cen- .
trai Park had been found unsatisfactory
and the management is getting along
without music.
Candidate Doolau's Contest.
The Doolan recount was continued be
fore Judge Hebbard yesterday morning,
and at the close of the <-ay"s session the
contestant had gained fifteen votes over
Fragley. The errors going to make up
tht- fifteen votes in D< >lans favor were
found in sixteen precincts in the Twenty
eighth District and seven precincts in
the Twenty- ninth.
Left Valuable Curios.
Public Administrator Drinkhouse took
possession yesterday of the valuable col
lection of rare arti* les owned by the late
J. L. Bardwell. It is valued at over $20,
--000, and contains many curios of value.
WILL TRY TO
HEP WITHIN
DOLLAR LIMIT
Supervisors Discuss
City Finances.
POSTPONE PAYMENT OF BILLS
RETRENCHMENT PROVES TO Bi
THE ORDER OF THE DAY.
Over a Hundred Thousand iJollars in
Bills Contracted in Excess of the
One-Twelfth Act Go Over
Until June.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met twice yesterday for the
purpose if discussing the situation that
confronts the men who will govern the
city for the next twelve months. They
are between two fires, as they cannot
meet the obligations left them by the last
board and run the city on the dollar limit
as they pledged themselves to do. At the
same time they feel they cannot be nig
gardly in expenditures, as the claim will
be made that they are neglecting the
wants of the city and thus retarding its
development.
According to a report filed with the
committee by its expert, Mr. Williams,
the retiring board repeatedly violated the
one-twelfth act, thus creating a deficiency
for the past six months of $114,300. Accord
ing to the rate at which money had been
expended during that period it was esti
mated the deficiency at the end of the
next six months would be Increased by
$133,900. In view of the condition of the
city's finances it was decided to postpone
payment of bills totaJing over $112,000,
which are In excess of the allowance
made by the one-twelfth act, until the end
of the fiscal year in June. At that time
they can be paid out of the surplus fund.
Thirty-seven thousand dollars of the
amount is due for labor and material used
in the office of the Superintendent of
streets. Superintendent Ambrose exceeded
his allowance by that amount, which Is
included in the Inheritance of debt which
the old administration left the present
one.
In addition to these drains on the treas
ury, which the Supervisors find it impos
sible to guard against, there are extraor
dinary expenditures, such as the Botkin
trial, court orders and judgments, over
which they have no control. Under these
conditions it is difficult for them to keep
within the dollar limit. They affirm their
intention of endeavoring to do so, and ex
press the belief that they can when re
lieved of the deficiency in the funds cre
ated by the outgoing board.
In addition to the morning session the
committee, consisting of Dr. Perrault
(chairman), Attridge and Collins, held a
protracted session again in the afternoon.
I Various plans were discussed for reduc
ing the expenditures as much as possible.
The members seriously discussed the pro
posed new police station for the Mission
district.
At the meeting of the Health and Police
Committee in the morning it was agreed
to report in favor of readvertising for bids
in accordance with the modified plans.
Dr. Perrault questioned the need of a
$50,000 building, saying that $20,000 should
be sufficient. It was explained that in
addition to the police station there would
be a stable for the sixty horses used in
the patrol wagons of the department.
These horses are at present boarded out
at various stables, the city paying $25 a
month for their keep. It was finally sug
gested that the matter regarding the re
quired outlay be discussed shortly at a
conference between members of the
Finance, Building and Police committees.
The new Board of Supervisors is going
on record early in its official career as
not being friendly to boxing clubs. The
Health and Police Committee met yester
day and passed upon the request of the
National Club for permits for two box
ing bouts during the month of January.
The entire committee was present, con
sisting of Collins (chairman), Phelps, Att
! ridge, Heyer and Lackmann. From the
I views expressed by the members it was
' apparent that they do not look upon box
ing as one of the arts they should foster.
The committee finally decided to grant
one of the desired permits. This will
cover the meeting between Jeffries and
Kennedy during the last week of this
month. According to Supervisor Heyer,
if the fight should develop any evidences
of a job he will vote against granting any
permits hereafter.
Manager Groom was not altogether
happy over the outcome of his petition
to the board, and meeting Supervisor
Perrault was telling his grievances to him
regarding the fact that he had secured
but one of the two permits desired. He
received no consolation here, as he was
told that the board had not yet passed
upon the recommendation of the commit
tee and might not confirm its action. The
Supervisor said the chairman of a com
mittee was not the whole committee and
a committee was not the board, and inti
mated strongly that the permit would not
be granted when it came up for final ac
tion at the board meeting on Monday.
Townsend's peanut taffy, best In world. •
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 25c
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia grin.'" fruits. EOc Ib, in fire-etch box
es or Japanese baskets. «27 Market ft. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
3
Uncle Allen Sparks looked with some
apprehension at the rapidly growing boil
on the back of his hand.
■•\\ hen it comes to iis sort of thing,"
he said, "I'm an anti-expansionist, by a
thundering big majority."— Chicago Rec
ord.
i'hysiolnns will t>>ll ynu Dr. Si^Rcit « Anc. s
t ira Bittt-rs la Urn beal of all tonics and
-tomach ret: '.it.
boss of hair, which often man ■ f.» c.
prfvi-nttil by I'arkkk's Hair Balsam.
HiMiWcuUNs, ; I lor com. 15 -;t
JUST A FEW SMILES.
Press Agent— You know, I used to be a
nt wspaper v • rk> r nr
Dramatic Editor— Humh! What are you
now?— lndianapolis Journal.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alurru
AJum baking; powders are tfie greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
. ROYAI BAK'N3POWO6RCO., N EW YORK.ITS SALVATION
LIES IN THAT
COMPROMISE
Southern Pacific Company Would
Escape Further Inves
tigation.
*ment of the Now Celebrated Grain-Rate
Case Would Give All the Advantages to
the Corporation.
TT;< i--inz-~7 te.rr ~a i-ially realized
I "by :ii --ci Tz+n-mnm-a Cwmnrba&Bi that
. I dpcs tt c^~s iiller. £5* determine, tia-a
■*■ .'" ■:---; cf tJw greatest protests tn.
'.rizj-;---::±'-2z that has =v-r vexed a stew
:l ; ir body tn tiis Staxe. TMs is the set
..T-i'm-tnt of tie -ceircrateil grraia rate case.
*t3c& tie Southern Pacinc is sreiraQj
eiii-iavzr.ns to ia^e cempromised. Th*
r!_.::.ii ccm^irv.-^ccrdm^ to an crde
r -I it£trru*nt,. will agree to dismiss tnt
CTX3C2 y » - ■■ . ■ £ .-.- re'-.UCtr^ '^ '^ ~"^ rat"^S i.n
farced and wili votuacarSj pot tke s per
"•i— t reduction in effect, providing tic
fcamrsfssfoo -*ul tango any further *.:::•.=
;_irr tie rtsol^ioa c; Lcr«c.ri.;- ;o re
.0..:-*' kH ri;*s 2 ?er cent.
WTuir -.^-r pst*nstliie reasoa pat fortli
■:.•.- ::.i rsilrcai cccvpany for cc^i^-ur:* ti
•.fcctica "cy ti.-* cc=usisaloa i^id-r ti*
r -...-_.:„ c* tatent&m. tie neAl ccs
■■; ;-ri-..;z to ti* ccrporiuos. wiil t<e. ac
:-i: iriiz^c Co ajL. in.ticriry en the dAf.ar. tbe
- .£• of th« doora to a fmrt&er fasvesti^
. . - :i its a^iirs In co^r:. It ls as3*rt-?
c l . i-«.i ta t—^ r . * ' tcj^^ cc i ~ .. t_ *
■t^e^TTrtTt'-irtio TH^rgTn else cull by :--•> :i;-
Jr "•' ■ i^A*w t Sc3. ** * * "ViT" d^-ir" ti — »^ 3
art^toct gertoca da=a.«» ta hissetf. rt* i
so«lten Pacific tnatitnted tte p«n«22«
.- -:: t ; *r-c*tr3.t^ t&e eCort3 of :ii ?-iil- ;
r:.id- Cc~r^iss:cz to rfi^oj grair: ra.trs, :
:;-t tie detailed ii^oaitic^. cf its a'Airj .
tia: taj res-It*! zz-i will i-r c-:=t;r^-:d
"ij.T *r-d p;-.i^ir.c t: ::= atS£STS,
■ -It :j fnrtirer c;i^=Lai ty ttaose teKrestea ;
6a befcxK :' ti'f people ti-2t iizi. a Cobi
■-.-:z3^-i i= >atttae<i wacL3 Jw ti* r«riesre
■ *
Tie; proposed ; p-er c#-t redsc?&?a an
rr-Li=.. ai sic-am is The Cai: j^sterdarJ .
-srv;:i =I^3.- rtrtrany &ottefn« to tiw ;
*ar=-rrs. ir.d ti-i iu=:i^al of ti-»
:•- _ ;-z;t .vosld c:-saji -^-Ij ti* savl-s cf :
■r-* :::£-..? :f r:rir: litiritics. to ti-? St-ite. ;
Ti;^ Uiter ttea woild be reaUr cf little ;
•■ iloa •.- ¥fcm o? wfc« rrtfgfn be areoea
.— » - -.^ *~ v n " >13 " 5 s" ~"^ tit* BPm-i1 T "^2 2t C^ C^»w*
I - A. ilasroaeb iaveitintstai cf Uk af
:.s cilliciT :: stow that irs eanrfags
are si: -:i c_s to tegxllr pensit ttoe cora
— li.si;:- to vKtzz* rarea 3 per cent, and
wcold saTs to tlw shfK*ts of tie State
ir-tTsrr^t. $&:t: .->.«:■ a^-i n.o^AM} ia a. sin?:*
- :f che irstnaents, ao£ tne strongest
FATE QF THE EIGHTH
. FORM* IN DOUBT
mi:: --ill :::::: rzzi3 own
"{. ■'■'. ■ .
-
■
LIEUT POWILI-S CHA7. Mi
Hf Sajs His Wife Wasted :: See Hi=a
Killed.
• 'Hiram M:L. Powell, the dashizz erst
I cetera fit bi the First United Starts In
f-.-.try. nh.<a recently", while staticn-rf in
this crtri bstitsted suit against his. wife,
• Jlr*s.. Jensle Ba-weHj few divorce, allesni;?
■■rarity, tecrr.yjcal desertion ami deser
- a jj easses cf aetfcmj w{Q have to pay
Mrs. Ptrwefl alimo-hy in tbc sera of It* £
month- a: (east cntO the suit has fceea
deserniaed.
■ -A --:.:: z f:r alinv;-- £I*ii by Mrs.
?■•»-;; ■*- 1 * heard by Presiding Jzdye-
I -..-.r--rr.rM yesterday, aad at the cisse
' rsaroceedinga the order w^s made. An
aiiivi; nj prodtaaed by pJafisiiflrscflCtt;
..'■-. : .r.r.z tb* hsautag e£ the aUxaooy pra
.■-.-.ci.tr. -Kzi'ih a. tetter, written by
llrs. Powell to ber husband, v&s emfaxl
i^?iL In tie tetter, written wten Lj*uti*r'
'ass Pow«£l -s-.-i* b«fore SzxstfasoC Mrs.
r ~- '. --.icrti that si* «i! •:>;ogratßlat
irx fc-»rs»rLr that tee irs.* so far a. Way. Si*
tsteaded to *oin th.c ateaj as a sxzrse at3»J
- - ■ :-■ Hir.iU. s£m said, w&ere. wiii b«
salary of Ss> a. nMstkJ at* eodd b« free
ajadi»gafg esjoy li.it.
Ess hia touipiatat Powell alleges thai Srfs
wife tas toe« tzvAted his wttli en-«E3^
craeltr. Si* did net for* tins: rise *aid
.aol 'jJtsmist'es sia;e<J wlttio the b"ja- r -?
A I V I ?. 7 1 5 ZYIXTS
«-■-■■ ■■■■■■nniiii ■*■ a m m
YOU WANT THE BEST.
• i For Your Health Nothing Is Too Good— Dr.
.. H Sanden's Electric Belt Is the Best.
■ it does yor to bct a cheap
«.„.,, 1 EScctttc Sets. U a twcySc tier tt*
■ JJ.^-^^.^^^C^^-iit^. b«Llr&-fccti£--3if pcw«r. ml ia a. rde tt
v, • • \*o<3 -iA.^*"? f '-> l *V.^Sr .. • iaa acc«. »rTi*ap e!*ctj^c fceita art lii«
• .•• '~~->l^^*ff ? \ES V^t ff*KsT;- *se*p J«-jr«lr7- Tlwr« are i=a=.T wJsic>i
■ t?:^i' ii^tw*S3^ fern*-* <•- *° w on tr * --•'" •- cf Dr. -* -•
A *lfWl^^Cl r S4XO»^e^ipK3 I 9V ~ a*. ETerr *»CT* , Hav»
■ b2^, ri y r , j^t^J «t -«• «s»d » SawfcK -a." ta
■-• ■••••• wfff&cE^CTajS BHIT-^SI-l to ci««» ta tan or fiTteea «*?*. asat tan
■ '*' ' ■-.-•■•-'-..:-
-' ■•. ll* IJ j it^l^^SJtL^ sJi-^sJ>s* J?r J cnr»*. suni ts ia ran::Mi ti fi-s* a.
■: • " • S? * $i. r li^"«CJt z~P s::ri <yQ£''-Aji \£f sanax <nrr»=t far one j»ar. cr ut« w
i fci^^^s^sr>S»i?C*;«*^ feeix U romwJ Li* tt!s. Ciii tid se*
•■ r- "•-/:';-." .'?u^i*-* '*'£?>'■ . tie 4cct.ir abort tr. cr wnr* J^r £r-e
; • ft - t.ici t> tis casajsr.
. ■ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, * — — *
" ■ 7BX»art£tn«.C« 3 .rX H a 7 ..3 u fe uia : SOT IS DSOS STO3ES,
Of2c« fc:crs> li.a.b!^ w»'- S^zilacri a
 ■ aeiccd km: Pcrtasd. ct^ S3 K«iftta«ESß fis iw-r-r «cM ts dra» star** L
Md la tru acjfM
our by txavctta* a«est»; oaly
■ - *-. ?cr ifltee.
•■■ lia Xcrti 2ti.*2 Krsec t
.
it na< little or cotiin* to- Lass tn tias re
spect: it would caln exsmptiaa for four
yea.r* Jrc— i'~rzz^z rate reductions, and
las c--t mast important cf a.LL it wo-uLI
cc ?n2c*" i i to *._ i -iw os any .Tirt^er j~z\ai~
c.*l inquiry £ato its a£airs.
Oocn=£BSK»*r Blackstock yeatsrday
c£atcafd tt;it the "coArd"s petition tn tie
master had not to-2 accurately stated.
His statement of Its position U a* fal
lows:
-
-
rlrtcfdeEtaHy. of cocrse. th* Qtie3ttoa cf
-
CTHniu.m:tttlr.K the case -an* r«rferrieri to.
tad I fc-rlievg- ft wa_i ti* ™.-n.-\.-r. : rrnn«. Ht>-
Ebsest of tZic fccarti that ♦? th* Attsnwy
Geoentl iE«I Jad^s- Hayrre fhaugTit it wu
tft* proper tiitcs to ci«j w» ■w-»re tc-clia-eii
to ceaesrr In t&it fdea. At the sarn* time
•ar* cesir» to do tie rlrtr tti=x ats b*
twvm ite nCzmd cosyany an<i the p<eo
ple •-* tie St&te, «sp^cia.Uy the er^i.^ jro
drre*rs- Ir fes cot our perpes* to msi
cutters at ail. feet w-* wont t>> idEam up
tie oM fctiit-ieas of li* tcari as rapidly
as possfZ^e.
"If tie Attorney G*::<=rai and Jaij*
HijTie conciujie tiat ti* case i'ca^zhi fc*»
triad thcrcurilT. tie jrobabilirr Is ttar
tie toard wfH btsltuet tbea to go ai^a.i
ir:<J do so. I* any cenf-ronce ts to b<s
held with tie railrcad people it wCI b«
held tirc-cari ti- Atteraey] General ard
tie attorneys of tie beard. Tie <i»»!i/m
cJ ---- ~ .- cot be considered
cn^l we *re _fasiiliar with the case in
all Its deta2s.*T
■
- ■.
-
■
- "- ■
■ ■ ■
-
Ir-t rrf grants Ihrrisg D««=tber.
■
■ -
■
■ ■ -
-
Tcrsm Tali.
;• - - .
-
■ ■ ■ r i
■■
-.■-. - ■ ■ -
-
■ - •
' - - :■
■
1 ~
~--s Hrl; 1..
Delia Kiciardscn. the wonan W6O
been Ese£d ta cx3ta«sy as a wit-ess to the
ixr:i=j? of Jlra Gaiia^rfier. ■asras rdexaed
finsa ceatodi ma a wrft of habeaa cwrpu3
yesterday. The court faefd lira: as ti.4
■wosiaix was teld cat oa a "ararraa!: or sti&l
p»na. bat stapfiy 00 th* crd*?r of Cfcl»f b£
Police L*es. bet *-r* ■^»«tihi| ■aras Illegal
aoi that sh* sSlosH b<s cgsc&srged.
The Pirst 3-:=.= Fired
In the FtzrnitiT'?- War. s^e to-cnorrtrsr*s \
CalL • !
Attached His 2-:-5
■
; ; : ..." *S~,
THE BAJS FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY T, 1-
FOOTLIGHT FAVORITE MERE.
As Miss EmrT)a Hanley She De
lighted Theater-Goers.
MRS. WiLLIfIM M- WEST
MKS- i-Tim K. "STSST. wife c* -.n~ ?nmt ■taßti proprietcr, *ta
the city. an<i witii her hiistind haj taisn apartiaetita an Lie Psl-ass. llrs.
■\K"est was forraerir itisa Tr —^-* Haalej". and since 1355 she b3J been dslfr&t
—— lay tnsa.ter-»oeri "or ter nmet ciajrsa and artistic ability.
Si« did* hex first appearance with tie Lamont Opera. Cccipany a: tie Bc*h
str«et Theater, and sa-L?-tne principal part in "Sxdly" whfci wa« an orer
■arfcelmir.* i^ccess. Next i.-- »a3 teadtas lady with. Jim=s T. Pawdrs" "Straizfct
Tip" for tnr*e years. sn* has al*o t&ea seen i-ere witi Frank Daniels fa "Little
Puci" and Kerry Dtiey's ~Ad^ci»." It wai wniie she wii starrtcz in tie "Dai
xlert Compsmy tiat Mr?. West ftnrt tact her fc'istand- VTcHe in K*tt Ycrt City
she *i= taken sick Witt an attack of grip and tart her voice entirely. Mr.
■W-st visited n*r d^rring- aer cotrvalescence and a Lore matdt v&ieh -ara^ tiiea
and there enzendered £n.iTly drT^fcpel in their marrti?* in 1352.
llrs. West, wno ixs an ec*a?in* and fntellizent personality, said yesterday:
~I nave denniteiy r-^lred froca th* staee and I ana trying to induce Mr. West
to do tiie sane, so *« can spend tie rest c* our days tn. csr henre. ''Westlaiß-n^*
Sens<jnhtrr«t. Lions' Island. We intend to cpen oar hcos-a a?ain tn April, and I
would dearly Iot« to remain tier* and lead a peaceful; damestlc life, away frcm
tie ---- I am an enthusiastic bicyclist, and g*> In far
atiletica eenerally. We -■-* a ryranasiunx. witi sH the necessary paraaner
naira. ta oat stable, and ... a mtatbes of p«t*. amon? ethers tie second. larg
est St. B-arnard dor in tie world. Ke is 1 years o£d and weighs 25) pounds.
"We nave all sorts cf etirtos from tie scenes cf tie late war. and Hr. West pos
s<=sses a cane made cut of tie wood of the block house at Goantaaaiao. We
have entertained a number of prof*--- people at our jmf, wiici fronts
en Grav esend Bay, aad I look femrtrd v> the time IKE we win fee eatatlLsied
tiere once mare."
HOW THE MAJOR
COURTED HIS
TYPEWRITER
i Mrs. Pickens Tells
Her Story.
SHE weighs ninety POUNDS
m
i SPECIAL AGENTS TO ETTZSTI
GATZ HZBE^ITH-
I ■'■..:
I A False Bepcrt W-:eh Was Seas by
Hln to "Washinftca in His
D-f*r.s« Centra
diet«<L
Cfei'ff ilaredith"; 57^!* ■• ft -■-■'-■-
tlse Fstiiera! hertxoc y«st?riay was crte
of forced ?ay*ty. It Uqied UK treadri.
the s?octaal*ty. the Tfffltn'iFl 1 * 1 *— * of his
ssiile of tine day before. It -ssras anifefai
ard sallow. as<2, to _« a ti&ng tan it
had a string to it.
Hi§ s^ecUl cataatt CoGecter Jcdbno,
was = - roaTe aad s«ls-posses3ed as the
h*id of the Federal department stefald
fc<»- Bnt th«re vx; a •jrona .snawtn.? i-.
the red rose cf hi* asstr=ied mtfctfartton.
The _ — wa3 the kiw>wted«- that Sp«ecfal
Asests Lfeci arui simtl» propose- : to
sp«wi three we«ks tit leszt Ls faTestirat
fcs th* pecsiiiar actions of Chief Mere
dith of the Chinese Boreas, whereby the
tcccs.ras slide of ertry has Swea
greased for the Chinese contract laborer
and his sister, the typical denizen of
Cms. Cook alley.
Three witnesses w*re examined fey the
agents yesterday. Major Moore was one
c i these. The afiriavtt of Mrs. S. C Pick- j
ess was takes. als<3 that of twa rows
1 typ-swrttera is. the Appraiser's btdldin^.
■ and that at the wife cf a Federal em
ploye- Mrs. Plckcas, a zrass widow wb»
has bees. left to face the -ararld in pov
erty with carirts and a cor^rf-»nce !
that ts no* elastic, told her stcry
as she had told it before aad with a
straightforwardness and simplicity that ;
was strSci'Siit ccrroboration <sf its trcth. i
Sne ts a Kttle. thin weman. weirhin? not \
mere than 3»> pocmd^ whU* the maj«sr,
h«r reputed assailant, is a bread should
ered, hefty individual ci ab*jc;t 2i<> pousts
avotrdupots. The major i= a prscossced I
fclond-e- and a g dresser. Mrs. PlcStens is j
: a bninette. with the blackest cf Indian- ;
eyes, and Is<23ej at her feest when weartn?
her GatBStNXOBgn hat. with, its deed a.
; biaci ostrich feathers. She Is a. m«cifier
' ef the chiirch and bears an- unst^n^iibed
:-;.--. Ie her amdarit she told how;
■ cza day. when DepatKS Gaiaaway. Chal
mers and Gen-erai Vtraoa were absent.
firo-ra the o5«, the —L. " - lo<k.*d the
door and made an improper proposal.
: cpeninr the drawer of .his desi whsn she \
protested and rt^t:eatins- her to belp- her- i
self to the ha&ifni or so cf the silver
It contained. She threatened to scream
! and. alarm Bert Thomas and Miss Stan
■ ford in the text c£ce and procure his ;
. arrest on a felcnict^ charge f£ he did not ;
: at ence desist from his disp-lay of fibres |
ana unlaci the doer. The icajor. seeinj i
that h* had a virtuous woman to dear !
with, did as she requested and ceased his !
! trxjcrtucities.
Lpoa t«in<r released mm ac one* went I
I trpsialrs to tire oSce e£ Uaite<i asates Ac- I
i taroey Focw axud ---: fcer cosss-ei t:
|is *£:e diverse *cit, Aa»i«t*st United f
I Siates A Kerrey Bert SdUeatscer. of wiiat ?
s cad occtirred. He caii«£ en Major Hoars f
t izid read fcirs a I«cccr*. -aim« cite ,
| 4B»r. oajor tta.c te wis ilr*. Ptciens* I
: sToxe«tor, b«tBC bcr attorney. asd thai m
| repetition at *ny caweicocw advances
5 -aro-cld fc< the signal '--- fc£3 amest cs i
f crtiainAi ciarye. Tlie lftijr *i*a told ber
;: lindiidy o* whit tad occurred, iloort's . :
I ro«a b-rinar ia tae sasie .--«..-: tise re- '
I unit -A3 that tH* tAadl»dy compelled the •
I BUJar is move to other ooaners.
! T-- -* - ' -" fcr tt* '-:---- . -->-:..; f
: Hs laid lie acvßU, it is said, why «x- t
? Colie«rtcr Wise tad poae to WasUis^tOß: [■
i and ccrsplaisjed c i .-_- Ke saM tc was :
'ia ircrsTxsjic* of a conspiracy b«twe«;a |
; Wise. i£er«il:li and Jackson to rate tea i
; ---.--- (3Xocre> -i . -. ■-_„:--..-■. :
; victrty Dick •.-=.--.--; ----- for the '
; f oraer Cbineae Banw ssder Wise's ad
: r=inistradwo, * " ':2iams betoc the beccoi !
i frfesd of Harry '".-■■ so— cl ti.e «z-Co£
; lector. Ke aiiezed also tltu elector
! ; -■»-•---••--— - -.--• his ta
■ -- ii.: :-i ista tie ceadttct ci th* Clil
nese Burcac .---- ti* :■- .-. .- .;:--
■*ilaliii»llmiL He bad reported to the !
Secretary of tk Treasury tne scaptciocs »
I facts corrected with the escape ct r oa? :
£=.ey Wie. tiw notorious Chinese sUve .'
dealer. He ?•-•»■? siows that Meredith *is ;
forewarned and advised iliac the WWBBU* >
• wotiid escape mdcsa fa-* Sled i codpiaini ;
■ a^ais^t her; and tia.; Me:>edi:h c^jUcted
to fcc^d zh* wamins aid alloweii th« j
woelas. ta ces away. Itaj-ar Haor« will be I
called axain ixifor* tie- eios* of tt* exars.- !
tsatioa to- t*li trhAt te 'scow? o:ru:enLL=s
Mer>?ditii's peculiir rasticd cZ iaidlis.s j
Tfc« aje-esis are v: possession oi ilere- [
dith's defend* «*nc by Z.Z. c» tir« a*:re- ;
tary of zia TreAS^ry. La tt ils-reiith. i
states snder oath. th.at the ciar?>rs L 2 th.4 [
eempcpen and in tts* itpoita oi ILijor i
if -ore azaiast ftfq are tbc ontconw of &
cc-=jpxrs.cj.- e^:ere<i i-ta fcenr«<B Major I
ilocre aad tie nEpertocs o* H>e Call, tie ;
EStanttn«r. ti<? Ctrccicle. tie B^li«ti-:, ;
: ti-» Pest usd tic R«p^Tt- Ec ailss^ea tr=- I
' d-=r aati that tie rep»irters coLspired ;
s.g*lz~sz hzzi fcecaase ie reru^ed to reveal j.
ti* secrazs ci the fcar^aa to Uteea ta de- j
£az:c* o? hit d-^zy as a Federal o£«r r '
acd tia.l havtsr Moore vzz.&*z •-..-.:- I
tier for*«*i Hccru to r«ire-ai to ti==i tixe 1
secrst3 ct his aSc?.
This report of il«rediti Lj ciaractifris- t
tfc &J tfee well-knowrs. mesd.irt£j of tie [
■vn.r.2. the Secr^txry of tie Tr?as-zry to th» |-
efiect that il-r-^dith £5 a Ear, aad that i
his defraae. made under oatiu is perjTiry. [
v--- ■ ■ - deni-ed also ■-■--. i* had ■--.- \
innzni el tlee tntcratefi escape o^* Fcax •
Su-fy Wi2. -r i tiij 11» has b**~ r. ulr'i !■
by a csscter a^.iavtt cf wita<asoes Trio |
in aw to tie corLtrarr-
Collector Jaeks«xi alsc s»n.t a report to j
tin? Secretary c* tba ireasiiry la defence [
:cf his dart Meredith. Jackson."* report; tt !
. J» said, denies that Meredith sa.* fere- j
' warded. If l£r. Jaekaon ha_? cca.de sush a j
denial -- ----- :- ------ of -- efir- {
. cn3.ita.rce that he had besa E=ade ac- 1
iryaainted with the fact that Meredith had i
teea so warned. Jacksca told the report- r
srs th-U Meredith had denied to hid that j
he had been waraei. and whea tie ma j
■nrho had warned Meredith weat before i
the CcLlector ar.d told hxax qJ the fact i
Jacisoa declined to disctzss the matter: |
ARBt laack said yesterday afternoon f
at the etose of the day's wori that tie ta- ;
vestisatica wodd take up- at lout three \
. weeks' time aad that he was La ao hurry. I
' It was the iateatioa to raake a tho-rocrh j
!aT€s:i?atio-n Into all carters trouzht be- ;
fore, tt- The ta<ps!ry will be resxnped in the }
■ Scrveyor's effee at 19 o'clock. tMs aorn
_________
A NEW YEAR
ENGAGEMENT
Interesting Betrothal An
nounced—Regular Meet
ing of Mr. Green \va> ' s
Cotillon Club
The ntcst laUs«stiax ess-axet=«=t this [
leaao- mi pnbUc yesterday, when (
illss Laura. Crittendea acjiocnced her. be-; I
trothal to Louis ilercado.
Hiss Crittecden. who is one cf the ni<ost
ehanniEZ and aeeciapHsied stzls off the
select set. is which circle she is art ac
fcao'wleds-eti belle, is the sranddaaxhter cf
A. P. CrtttenAen and niece of Mrs. R_ S.
Saneiex,. with whom- she ml her tone. \
Hr. Jlercado i* a ca.lez.tsti yjunr nan. I
a favorite bods In. social and hiisiness cir
cles. He occupies tile position cf assist
ant gracgnt-gsvin cf the Anacosrfa rnfae!
JTr. 3lereado is a nephew cf Mrs. Harms*
Salisbury and brother of Mrs. Ciia..
Sjardisaa.
Ko date for the weddin? has yet been |
set bat ft wta profcaSly be celebrated" tn !
]at I
The Friday Klgkt CotfUaa Ct« fceM the
third iseetfn? cf this ieaaoa at X*iive
Sjes' Hail last evening. The decorattons
of the ball vert asnraa] pretty.* con
sisting cf as artistic bimdizg cf pcrpte
and a delicate straw eotari o:ni3tnw: wtt£s ;
trailing vines and grawtag- palms.
The zneszs becsta to arrire ar aboat ;
haif-jast £> and darrvrigg- was tm- I
medla-teiy tnausrirAted. Af ter~ a few j
*fP"« the cotiUon was i- order, it- t
Greenway leatiinj with Miss R^csie Wai- i
lace. An elaborate stipper at csidniyht I
was one of the featnres of the a£alr, ia f
which about r.a -- ■- cocpl«a partici- !
pa. ted.
The second assemtiy asd jrsnnaa of the !
Winter Cotillon was held list evenlnar ts t
CodUaa HalL It was a rrao«t AHSchtftd I
SCCCSS3. Fifty cooples participated in the i
yertaaa. wfcl-cis ■»■ - lei by _- - -_■ ■EL Ben- I
next. i»sLste<-I &y Rot-crt T. Lez^e. X!»j
Suie Han and itlss Minnie -/YosncJ
The tall was prettily dscorated wttii I
palms and purple fel&saaias, pcrple fc^inr- 1
the club caior«. . ' *
STr. and l£r«- WlHiaEi H. W**t w»-» ' ;
CBtertaioed yesterday at diner by l£V l
Pochard ■,«*. at her home on Braadway* •
There were also present Mr - and Hr»l j
Rofcerts, Mrs Ttt'^rcio Parrati, Lecis i
Ra'c«rts and Richard Jcse. *" i
Tee molar meetin* of the Fortnixhtly '
CTnb. which was to have been held !
Friday evening. January 13. has been I
postponed to the e?»nirg of January Z!
Two •.--- a^airs cosiinjr ia --- -. -. ; of
the resrnrar cwtter. the tnansraraJ 6a.a
and the Spreckels feall. both o=-"th# even- •
in? of the 3th, ami toe GndsrsEa m»etin7 f
later :n the week, the- patrons of the Fart- I s
cj?±.tly have decided to skip the regular I
nieetfnr nistt." "
Passed CcTinterf eit Xcmey.
Joseph Nicholas was arrested lasz af«fct f
at Sacraj=«it3 by *>=tectlTe Henry Altar [
at tie Ccitrf States secret Krrice for
; passia* aa*i atte^ipcias to pass ae-ar cosa
: tErfeft"l3-cent pieces. Secret Service A^sa;
[ jgoaert S. Brsnrne ?a — tiss arrest is as
: ~"■ r" i~" SBC tecaase tie ; : _ " ". / Is ac"w
[ r-r-.-c :•:■:-: -»r . - ccias ct 5-^.. deaoai
t .:;■ :i 5 —-. of tte ;: -» ■*-.?-. : -".:
[oa * v - prisoaer and tie — -- igaiiwr Mm
I is clear.
THE ETEZAV SAYS NO.
There "Will Be W* G^- Assembling
PUst a*. 3-enicia.
: Xiare Wei be rxj ysn asaesMfiaj? plaat
| estafclliied a: Ber^cU. Tils is t&e led- f
; sac c* site Bcreau of Ortin&sce at "Wasi-
I .."£■".'" ;" ~ - tise as*» tie oercliaatj :
; aa£ fc'csiaess mot all zling tie coast sent :
to the Secretary cf tie Navy many ineai
orials ur«±^ his to do -what ie catzbi to
have a rii assess Miss pfast at tie Beai
cia. reservssisa, crxia? teat this is ass a? i
tie b*st sifita for" such, a plant ca the. ;
Cfjsi^t. and t&a.: aii cf tie varships in tt*
Pacific hare to co=i<= to tiis port far ttt
ttegs and ssppßes.
Wcea tte neiSe Cca2t represeßtabtfrea
were Id Wa£fii2.*tca a: Qte elcae c; Use
la-st. aesaios. taej. tao, uraed that tie re
<in€si of ciw Westera diisorialtsts fc*
givec s«rfc-tLS eonstdexxtioaj For a tin* it
locied as thocja ti»y tad sticceirded. tat
the fcl!e*rinz letter ro Hc?3 Craij- la tie
daa.Ui c* tit" rua aasesfclls^r pfa^t:
XAVT DIPAKnENT.
WASHINGTON, Eec il. K3B.
Kigi Craig — cir: Ti* fiijartsiast Si la re
e«i;c of rtcr teeter ci Ota EKBi iaac rsiitfTa :
t» tte milbttiihwnr of * GoTerßaest f-ia. I
-
I fca.Ti ta taiam r^^i *'**• lie sat w*a re
ferr^i W tie Erreas ci Orl=x=c*. w*ose re
! port tew. wtisit tit* O3T>ers3ii=LS *55ra»«a» [
V - ;-■ -1--'- •: - •-: 1.-. i . > i — --r?
i ace. cr?r wixi tis niTy fcjs aa
: *T"i* fcuruas ts o* tie cgiatrn DUBS as. lira j
- -i^ . - - ÜBM tiff aecesiuss cr tte G-yrsncwrt
I d>j 2iic wxrmji; tie J<?r>.cii3 conaid#ra£toa «f ta« ;
er^ctiaa cs -- PartSc Cxast of * g^a a»s«=:- "
tliag- plizc T!s* O-^WTr.rr.:*?.?. zuyv atrzs two f
esSi=3tT» «stifciuirMs.ti for tMI forpiiaw. coe I
a: Trrir. N. T.» fcr tiw arrsy. aril ca* *s I
| WijilxLfioa. TX C™ Jar lie saiy. Ties* pia"* \
; sarr. eoaiii fc* caQKadoi mieb nor* yriffftr I
■ .*2ii etieasty tia_a aay mw ;ij"g ecd>i S* I
; »r*.-t*i ALL the steel vmlii ta.T* ta fee rib£p9*d f
i
; Etas to- gaaraste* i jtrfSot«st a rnngTTt <:f ■arari t
- ■
j jp»«t4ri_
f: ""X* stsfs ba.v-» fe>}>;n ;a.Jr»s. *5 Jar as fcurrs i
I to- till* srrrsa^, ta pr^pars *:r tie sa^^ilisisijiis :
I of lacfe a. jiajic, -iiiitr ta 6* ccailsctaii 'cf jr.- I
* vat* «at«prti* or sc«J<;r tie-ecatroi c; th* I
: "*Xj. (Joiifcc t&e ri:* wd wem w*i«- ti« es- j
i taiCiSjr.»=s: -it ta w>rdaan<:<» Jactory cs tia
Paciie Caas; vCQ fc* wimsjfi bet ta tras
tureaa's ix&rmttiz. Ec taa siit y»t arrrrai."'
. .... • •-• ■•- v ..j O g DC D _ LOXG. S-scrstarr
-3tr. Eiri Oroi?. CSanter ef Ccs=«ree :'
£12. rnnrtgrrti. >""-■-••■
CHA2CBI.S OF CO2OEEBCS.
Hugh Craig Will Xot-Ba the i^rssi
ian: This Year.
The annual raeetias of the aaeEiber^ of
the ChaaiSer of Ca=aierc« will be held
next Tuesday ia the Merchants' Exchange
ftcildtag-, at which- tfau* the c£cers of tie
Chaai's-er win be elected for tie present
year. The election is to be held between
the hfl-rs of li notes and 3 o'clock. The
EG -i-i ■ -*i rt Cv ■ ■ i ■ ' * k Ct; V**U9 rrr.r. . . * . „ r*
fallowiaj _u__ fcr the re?2lar ticket,
althoa^a tiere is notiin.? ta hinder oth
ers from entcrln? the contest far any ai
ice"
President. Charles Nelscn; first vice
president, Georr* A. Newiall; second vice
cresident, H. F. Ailen;' trcstees — Le»2n
EOsra Frank L- Brtjwn, E. R. Dinaond.
A. By Field. R. D- Fry. Gecrze "W. ilc-
Near Jr.. WQBaua E- Migtell. M- A. New
tSi H. Ra*enfeld. F. TULniann Jr., A. G.
Towae. Cnaries JL Tales.
Hari Crai*, who has filed the position
ci president far many years, stated be
:: --; he went away that "cosiness wotiM
prerent hiai frenr aetinz in that capacity
hereafter.
z;:: :hi:i A7r:3.:rz^
A" ::".-. i Yesterday to Advise the
H;:::: Z: — — ;;*::-.
The Kartor CtoJaSsstonesa held a. spe
cial tMHifji& yesterday «ai Bppobtted ex-
Goitrttur Jazces H. Bade attcmey - > Use
board- The sroSoa was mads by Major
Eamey and seconded by Commissioner
Hercld and was carried Tmajuisatisly.
The appointment ?-<?es tntrj eff ect it once.
The- C<7:nir:isst7ners jokingly remarked
.... - Goveraar had been their su
perior o£cer hitherto- -..- i now the-v
--"..: take i - - -. : a: '-•■ - • z -— . Tie
appointment ztves universal satisfaction,
as Mr. Budd U one of the ablest lawyers
I
S.iT? Dealer Arrestad-
Leijur Quo^r Sicx. interpreter cs. the |
;tea3s!iip Ciisa. Tras arrssted yesterday ■
aftgrnoon for aiding az:4 afeettirir tie 2- ■
Ii?al landinx cf a. v-hicese waiaaii. Tie
ea^e in. <jcestioc £s an old one of fro ar
... years* stamlin?" and vaa the 0"t
---:.---■ arteni^tir.* to tied & -srs*- :
roan ca tie East trtp of the Ciina, wiora !
he represented to be his wife. This ca*e :
was submitted oa his prqcfa t» the Chi
nese B^rsaa for esaasßEbiuiaaj and the wo- :
nil wai r^f Tiseii a tisdiniE'- Ascther Chi
nese woman. wl» Is cow "at the irttfsiog,
t^atise<i that g ?T*-y had taszi:* hsr what
to say irhes she arrived here and she was j
landed LEles3.Ur. Ins;?«eetor Meredith took
the whole reenrd cf that ca«e to the
United States District Attorney and Siu^
was thereupon arriMtsii for ffie^ally try
ins: ta set Chinese tnsxt this dj'sntry- He
will no*ar be p*oa«ccted qa the old offence.
:'-- - . - - ■ -
far cae year or a ■= - -= cf r ••■
ADV£3TISEME^»T3>
COULD NOT SLEEP.
— — ___ __
lire. Ftr.:<-?^i Relieved Her of An
Hsr Troubles.
Mrs. Madgx Babcocs. til S^CCKId
St., Grand Rapids, ilieh.. had ovarian
trouble wi:h its attendant aches
aad pa?Ti.% - -- she is welL Here
aT^% " V-7-r Vegeta-
■^m * bl-; ■: — -.:--: '-i =
made me feel '.a?
s Eew person.
l^racß S^a taking 1 it
/^^■^?^"^W^. ter-
fc ;^--^.:5,?." 3." I X- -1 1 COt
y r - "^"' B* iif f p tttH
~~" - ' " _ ■ r *.-■..-. 1 ».-
-' '' I«o kadi ""iri>ii
t ■'-'■."*""'■.. \ I ::■:-':'.= "■;■ :;:
\-," c ."-;--Vt:. , -/: .;" I tke ad —lce of a
H^^^^H friend I began
f 1 ""- -*" '■'• "--~ iLaE -
I W \ I Piakha-n.'3 Ve^e-
Y table Corapc :
and sisee takij^
it all trwibles hare gtme. H nionthly
aiekaessssed to be so painful, but hare
not had the slightest tj..- since taking
jxmr medLeine. I cannot praise yctir
Ve?«tabl* Cocnpoand too much. My
iiTLsbsnd sad friends see Md a chants
in Be. I look so modi better and hare
•ocne color in bit face."
Mrs. Pinkhant in rites women who are
ill to write to her at Lynn,- Mai , for
ad-rice, which is freely offered.
drmcnultyT
THIS WEUrSSOWS ASD aE!XA3r«EOLI>
mmtm •. M«» •«*». Booc oa £%.«»» Itaeases snd
W«l!cs*bw»s of M*B.t». <hrer 9tV <np«ri««e-
-._. •.■:..•,- H««r:*. --• • .•-,.-, . Hccrs *
soliiiEy:'ia}a»*r» •T'js.SiinrfAr^.BJaili.Ciat.'Wt-
iAica ;. : ss x.vi «acr-*ilys3<— i-!aijLL CaM.ffriCilrea
P. RO*f(.F. H^lLTY.Viii.
3«?f Kmitjj fct.. Saa Fnatiico. CaL.
Miin. fnrt-iiiiiin'iniiii ill ni'iii rtiiiriTr'hin'ri^i'iinir i« r " ■;*
ABVE3TISEIEESTS
i /^ • j^ TRY
y% '& % The tdeai f re«cfe TooJ*
5 ' FOR BODY AND BRAIN
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
Life'sVanished Joys |
«■ ii* nvfikCMl .•—. cf -: •:--•-.;- via !
*s'«r trrsni urnci fjebd^j' iz.i jro«tr»£icn. ]
Th£7 z««er ?««— bhbßl. Kois*raii "^^^T- 1
i.- - -■ • ■ • - „ : v -'- ■ .-i. «i-
-■n tftAS 1 1 iim m TiMfer »*»
GLOOM. FORCiETFVXXESS A>l> i
D •» PA I K wenytfrr^ft i^rrt tji^m u fagaaily. |
..- «{*» L3-.J ti-t ;-• <i£ - ::- cferacie i_..r^--: .
if ■■.—■" " ■ " i -.■■■■ -:
tiem si«7 aaerrlT esttore liTi. TH-ET DO >
KOI BEAJLI.Y LITX:
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS!
?-■-.*.• AedM -~--- Mi '-■'-: • . i- — - ■'.--=.
Tie? 9<xrtfT Or Wo«<. aate JsrtriLS sjkl i-i;- |
er**- Sr^f «.-!«? iai£ *5o«c&». t3»;mi Tirw |
»-^«ri-l» ; ; ' ;H J_*i!-« &01l 1.. *•? -HT"-! : i i Z ■•.•*.i<\-i* lilj I
■
MAKE PERFECT MEM" AMD WOMEN
One 34 Ceati 6 Boim a: 5i. .50. a :
Box R#a«r-jr» Guar&Qteed Care or j
V.:». Ea«rtrT- Mowy ReAaMdMl.
HiCs-i in r^ceis*: ■;* craw 37-
THE gggECtO CO. Cxttae 9^fr^.; Okie*™. O. i
Bofat ter Owl Vem Obl. & F. «a£ Osktead.
. j
V V «k sk. s KNIFE c • PAIN
j 1 /Sj-fjg'gg'T l^^^ No P*yjß£til Cured
Si ksj^ " ""f ** * TC "
=a- : : r;ajt j -«nfrr,
i - ■- -----■'- '■ - -----
ißzxe, fthrsrs pnfw
/^^|||lpPs^ " ■=-•■*■ - ! "-■--■-" ■
~ ■'-' " -•-' : i " •— : - -■
lie. Face ssd li? liso thtj cc=i=icii plxaea.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
■wizh >•■-. .- - i'.j :. '-■: -i—i; - L*xe '-'-.'
S. 8- CHaMLH . M.0.. Office 2 5 Hard St. . J. I
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER j
» Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
Use 33
WftAnj*! »** * W::::irT's !
Facial Soapi <**»- 7 Facial GreazL !
BIao«i d^»as«s» «ita dlseasiw. scalp (iis^aj^a ;
a=il asrvee* »iact;cna. ni> =i"«r free artet j
ca.2««?- or N:tt l.:c_? *t»Eil:^?, raeeessfSEr |
• - ■ .
JOHX H. fTDODStTRT. ii W. *ii jil. X*tt !
T -f isil 1-in State st-_ C&Betsa. (
i
1
A PRESTIDIGITATOR
Can ■wr>rk no ircre r^a?ical efT-?cts thas I
Te province crt soiled iinaa.
Onr ■work is ciodera: otrr mstiods
perfect, and tfc^» naa^ical eiT^crts cf co I
"«»■*■ edg-es" on. garments leavia^ our »
establishment is noticeable on every •
one of ■ .- patrons* Caces.
The Unrfed Sta^s Laundry, cfEcs
■: :- S.!a"r<st street Telephcns
South -^::
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K-'.i -?J. '",
Mi nil FiiiT asi2 rsao*a.i*.i. STTXG. VAST ± '
CO. S^r-:c«L3 pU.S. ?-:<:—.! ii.'c to l: ■ tag , :
li fi w*ei; Si ts SB aacoia. *«•&•£■-: !b3»
trui ccld it»i*r «-ren raccx: ir« »rii** IS. c-»*r7 ;
races.: gtoratag rara «XI - f- ;
COXCESTS AND KESOBTS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2;30.
ROSENTHAL!
F«ee* St. 8 mad C Sate if <«aJU l: SS»r- I
eii CUr A Oi aTKISI«rAT Pla>*O CSSZX I
KICiNQ! RACING! RiCIMI!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WSaaiar Mafin-g 1335-». feng<-r>f- r TUKSDA.T. i
Dee. It. lo SATtTRT'AT. Jia. 7. lactc«-»t.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
. Eicurg- JCurfaj, T^ssi»y. Wtstsas-iij-. :..-»-
-STVS OS MOaS RACES EJLC3 DAT.
r-i-^-i iur. at J li ;■- =.. ir-irp.
-• - — ■ - - «
Ii:JO. i, IJB. . 131 iod S p. at. cocaecc=.f '
■ -- train* «nk| «c tie cstraaec ti ta«
Tr»ci Snr jtxz? f»rry neb-< ta si.*U ifcc=i f
a*r-r— ;'-y — t-j'-i baTe tb* Track a: 4:U t
: i-: 4:43 y. sst. »•"* l ~* — *»*ta?*ty iit«r ttrt ri_:«. r
THOS. K. TlU^Kii --B-. Pthliliim.
: H. B> MTL^OT. &tgrg{JLTT- [
. • I ME • .
STEEPLECHASE
lAt CENTRAL PARK.
CPES DAXI.T FEOK I TO H.
ST."EP.rBODT HXDS3.
ADIfISSIOS 13. ISCI^TJIXG HOSaES.
I . ~~— ~— — ——————— — t
Baseball I recreation!
; DdbcUdll ; park j
COAST CKA3SFIQXSHIP.
SSATTLiE t». ATHLSTICS. :
Ttt-DAT. AT S P. 3dL
AH LiSKW
TOC CA2TT AiTO2I> TO MISS IT.
W. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
! EXTRA!— Next Monday
: 7 —
•FTDWUST 2^LA.ITO
[j la HUM JIATO'S Dridirtsattei cf Mir*
i ! PUOO'NHEAD WILSON.
SHATS N-OTT K2ADT.
I
columbiaST
All
HATIXKS TO-DAT.
TH£ QUAINT O3M3^)IAS.
WILLIE COLLIER
THE MAN
FROM MEXICO.
It's ti« 3i? El: rt. ti* Ca-Jiirj-.
TEaTs RIGHT. "
. I - -.--;..- ;■••-. DA>T%IX CO3iIC FBI
f CO3CPAXT-
i _ a _
j SCATXXEE TO-UAT fSATCSDATI. JA>\ t
I Pirviit. — c: Baicecj. Uc; CEisdr«a» IJei AST
Pin tat H.sst
PAPLNTA ! PAPLNTA !
ASXA TXP-KSA BS3GS3. Com« Tirtaoae.
t>SLTOSXLL: H8.05.. M-x^cai OraCaa.;-»».
CLEMSNT HAIXBRIDGS. la •"Tha; Or«-
-[ HOR-\CE GOLX'SK. KOXS. A>TD iocs, ao-
I FIX. F.tLET A.VO ECGHSS a=ii THS BAP-
■ I PO SIST2SS.
JTSIXT s>» tLi^a. — BAETOX HUX. CHARLS3
; WtLZ_S_RI> i2ti F*acr X*» Actm
ALCAZAR ssus-
MATECEB TO-DAT.
fTO-XIGHT AXTk TO-ifORHOW. ST>JT>AT.
LAST THREE TIMES OT
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL «™ —i^ ii "
[ I— ' i— < i— * i— < >
L. B. Staefc^tC w 'Jam Discos.
next 'Hi- th; i;> fTT'^ ; xa l ■*: ** .
I JSATS SOW OX fAC. I^
MOROSCO'SSRAP^
Taitxx ViHtoacc, s<ile Lessee K=d Vi tin
TO-JtIGHT AXX> AX£< TE2 "WEES.
HI HENRY'S
• • • e3 I CZ* • • •
MINSTRET^
i XTX AGGREGATION. JLJ
' EZ(~\ ali- white e»r\
! <~3*-*' PERFOR-nERS! OV-#
« aix OTHEK *a:XSTSEI, ORGANX2U.TXQX3
rn\TPT_»"; r 'i.T ECUPSiID-
: POFTI_4J> PRICES-.- -lie. Sc 3.1-s
| JtATIXEES SATXTHUAT AND SCJTDAT.
| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Jin. mmeazi-rje SL-«i_-^ P7r^r*.«ar *ad Hg=.
IU.TIXHS TO-DAT AT ! ?. X.
BRING THE CHtr«P5Sy.
E TEXS EVEXIXG. AT ?.
TEE XEW ei>itiox or
Ocr Saccess^il HiUrfay Spectacle.
THE YELLOW DWARF,
NOVeX.TIES 2TSTEHT XIGHT.
nrv 3ONGS. I>AXCES- SFECtAi.TI33.
EEAS "Ivr>iAK" AXD -LCLC." ' - -
PCffßlar Pricas 2c *id Ste
! X. B. — A Eiaer»«tl S?ac *ar t5« **.... 35c
Our Tsl<ts&i=*. BaaJr *-
IwiUl Tccr 5«a:» te JL±r*3tx.
j INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
[SATURDAY and SUNDAY,
1 ' Jaaumry Sth aad ©th.
OPEN STAKE.
[all the high-class grey-
hounds IN THE STATE. -
: Take a. il'si:-. z-izn-ii ear aaf It «Bi IslsiS
■ . ■ - - i i - -
.;;;-; - 2c _ I^ADIES FEES.
■I _jißflFirntlLL^' 1 1 IT E ** <• Is * ic--;cr»r=!?^t
*|^J u» * «■*—*■ O?». irrtWMa «r akai^
1* ■j.'Tuna —"f 1 - r:i if c 1 cox* asea-
-s"JV4~<;;ju3 CHrjr"Ti'-<"':. "'"" - s -"-;,- •--
iWifilly Gall, $1.00 Der Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SFMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures lower.
Barley dull. Oats quiet, but firm.
and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings advanced.
Hay in good demand and firm.
Beam and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady.
Butter lower and Eggs weak.
Another advance in Poultry and Game.
Fruits still dull.
Dried Fruits motionless.
Provisions as before.
Meat market unchanged.
Coal in moderate- supply.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, January 6, 5 p. m.
The foil wing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last Last Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka o.t'4 .... 1.'.90
ttuff I - 6.01 6.25
4.7">
San 1■ ■ 0.08 4.7 a 4 I
I 2.50 1.59
1.64
Los Angeles I 0.80 2.57
San Die* ■ 1 l-. r '9 l-"5
Yi:ir.a 1.32
Isco data: Maximum temperature,
47: minimum, 41, mean, 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F< (RECAST.
The storm noted last evening as off the Ore-
F : LSt has ri mained nearly stationary. The
pressure has fallen very slightly along the
twelve hours, which would in
tiii had recurved to the west.
It wil nl again to-night
or Saturday.
Rain has fallen afnng the coast as far south
ward as .^.m Francisco und in the Sacramento
fallen generally over the
interior ot Washington and Oregon and the
plateau region.
The : Igh winds are reported: Fort
er hour from the east; Eu
reka, 26 south' asl
■ Ban Francisco for thirty
I : ;ght. January 7. 1899
rnla Cloudy, with light rain
■ . fresh to brisk southeast wind.
:111a — Partly cloudy Saturday;
fresh west wind. .
Nevada Cloudy, with snow, Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy, with snow in the mountains,
ay.
Arizona- Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and .vicinity — Cloudy, with
Saturday; brisk soutli to ea^t wind.
malpala Rain; wind
ture ' . ni^Lximum, 42.
C. 11 WILLS' >N. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NKV.' TORK, Jan. 6.— Persistent bear pres-
1 much stock neld for a rise
thrown over, resulting in a considerable
break In the specialties and a decline of about
It in many of th.? railways. The market
md unusually active during the liqui
dation process. London was a seller on bal
ance. The variations in the early quotations
here were small, but an unsettled feeling soon
■ idence that many of the special
have recently been market leaders
Fhowed lack of support. There were tempor
ary rallies, une at about midday, bringing
- back to yesterday's closing figures.
I to be a moderate seller,
while Washington houses seemed purchasers.
At oni another pronounced strength
» ere shown
Southern, Southern Pacific, Western 1
lei and Iron, Rubber, Tol
las, New York Air Brake and
lil " 1 ' the a ivance in these
: irtly eliminated, while in the case
' ias they declined
■■ in the heavy liquida
hour. A (Hsiiuietinsr feature
of the late trade was a sharp advance in call
h Immediately dropped hack, how
-1 > normal figures on the appearance of a
supply. Western Union's strength
Ip that an agree
' ' "ii made with the Postal Telegraph
' -■. Talk about the pos-
Biblllt; al refinery closing down be
•■ unprofitableness of present busl
inultaneoUß with a rise of 3 points
In Sug
, Considerable Irregularity prevailed in the
bond market, speculative issues favoring a
„ lower level in sympathy with the course of
ft.oek prices. Total sales, 15.61 000.
United States second registered and- the fives
couiKwi advanced '*. and the threes and the
fives registered '- s The old fours registered
cWllned % in the bid price.
Total sale of stocks to-day were 756,700
shares, Including: 18,638 Atehison preferred.
4S->« Burlington. 6000 Louisville and Nashville
!<n.s2r> Manhattan. 4260 Reading preferred 11 -
230 Missouri Pacific. 5150 Missouri nd Ohio
■E7OO North™ Pacific, P2OO Rock Island 77*0
-Union Pacific. 12,2^0 St. Paul. 8872 Southern
preferred. S!OQ Texas and Pacific. 8850 Union
J'acifl.- preff-rred, .iIOO Union Pacific, Denver
find Gulf. 4:»l'O Wabash preferred. 12,520 Wheel
ing and L. F... 17,000' Tobacco, 61.620 Steel 16-
C2O Steel preferred. 38,48 • People's Gas. 11 250
Colorado Fuel and Iron. 5345 Pacific Mail 5400
Hope. r,4.f<r,o Sugar. 5600 T. C. and 1., 17 700
Leather preferred, 7600 Rubber. 27,000 Western
Union. 6055 St. Louis and S. W.
Closing STOCKS.
Atrhlson Rock Island H3V
Do prefd 50% St Louis & S F.... gu
Baltimore & Ohio. 67' i Do prefd " 66'
Canada Pacific.:.. 854 Do 2d prefd... " 331?
Canada Southern.. 54 St Paul 'l'>oH
Cent P« 424 Do prefd....!!!'!'i66H
. ,<W& Ohio 2;7,|S t P M & M 180
£5 $, A1t0n.. ....... 170 So Pacific 33%
jal'g *Q; TO 80 Railway lOVi
.- <.hi & E 111... GOV*i Do prefd.! 4114
■ ' P««rd 112 i Texas & Pacific. '.'.'. 18?
?Ch . ? W•. 15* Union Pacific... 42%
Chl.lnd &L, ::.. Do prefd 73*4
...» Do prefd i 5.54 Wabash gil
G.Q C- & St L 42%| Do prefd :: 224
•° D"c p ir f<l M Wheel &L E 7«?
°£ cI & T Hudson 106% Do prefd 2SV.
•IV , L * W. ex- , ! Express Companies—
I • dlv 15614 1 Adams Ex 105
J Den &■ Rio <; ig % American Ex !142
° *- P ,° ? reM 631 « United States 54
■ .Krie (new) 137, Wells Fargo 128
Do Ist prefd 374 Miscellaneous—
Ft wayqe 178 A Cot 0n.... 34.1;
r,t Nor prefd 143 Do prefd \\\ 88
?,V? ck nX %al 2Vi|Am Spirits 1374
■• illlnois Cent lif, Do prefd.... . 37,?
Uke Erie 4 W.... 194 Am Tobacco MS*
,;. -Do. prefd 734 Do prefd .135
.fake Shore 187 Cons Gas 192%
I.nujs & Xash C4>i Com Cable C 0.... 175
: '<« n L 1 -„ Col F & Iron 34*4
Iff 1 ST R y I:< ''- Do prefd SS
, M ph: Cent.Tr w ill Gen Electric 9R«i
Minn. A St L 3W 4 Haw Com C 0.... ' r- x *
-^"l-'t prefd 96 jlntl Paper !! 63*
Ho Pacific 44H Do Drefd MU
Mobile & Ohio 35% Laclede Gas:::::"." 52
Mo X & T 14". Lead ... . ;; 37&J
Do prefd 3Stj DO prefd IHi.t
£•' ■ entral 96 ; Nat Lin Oil s4
g \ Central 121% Pacific Mall 4%
N^YChi &St L... «Vi People's Gas.... mv
Do Ist prefd 73 ! Pullman Pal 16 '
x . Do 2, d prefd 31-H Silver Certificates. 594
«or West Standard R & T.. BU
No ■•or Co 6% Sugar 12V>t
No Pacific 43 Do prefd 1124
Do prefd 76»; T «■ & Iron 382
Ontario & W 20»i U S Leather .. «ij
rH* X*7 « D " prefd 72
Or Short Line 41 v B Rubber '.'. 444
Pac C Ist prefd.... 84 Do prefd 113 i!
- , Do 2.1 prefd 634 West Union 9474
Pittsburg ISO Federal Steel C 0... 62«
-Rending ■••;•••• 21* Do prefd Sv2
_Do Ist prefd 52H Brooklyn R T.... 87>i
R r ( ' «... "* Or Nay prefd 714
i', prefd.... C 7 Pacific Coast 45
Bt Lnuis &S W.... 7<; Colo Southern 8U
_I>o prefd 11% Do Ist prefd 55>i
Bt P & Om 91 Do 2d prefd trf
Do prefd 167 •••■.«>■>»
CLOSING BONDS. ■
I - Tl £ 4 9 io^'JS V Central tat«..n«
i. 5 M 10 ''" N J « c os 1131.
L 8 new 4s reg..l29H , North Carolina 65.130
,Do COUP I-.'-, Do 4s ?. 103%
S 4s 112% No Pac lsts . 114%
£0 coup li:-. Do 3s $9 '
, I* 1 Ma 99% Do 4s '014
US "- ■"«• 11314 N V C & S L 4s 106%
Do 5s coup 113% Nor & W 65.. y-,
liT 3 a ss }£ | Northwest consols.l4s
Ala class A 10S Do deb 5s 118
Do B 109 O Nay Ims ... .13
'■ C ■■"■■■' << Nay 45 100%
■ A Do Currency £..102% O s Line Ss tr....130
Atchlscn . V®~MO S Line 6s tr....10S
Do ad.l 4s Readme 4s 8 «
Can So 2ds no |R (i W lsts 914
£. & ° 1> P 90% St L ft I M Con 65!105
t h ' ca «°, T ? rm 4s " S4 «' L& S F Gen 6s 122
C & Ohio 5s 117% st P Con 160
C H & D 44s 104»» St P C & P 15t5.. 119
p & R G lsts 10S I Do 6s 118 V
b A R C, 4s 100% So Ry 5s ..'.'.'.'.'..'. 104
East Term 15t5.... 107 Standard R & t'6s 85
I ne Gen 4s 72Vi Term new set 35.. 96
E w * D Ists tr.. 8M» Tex Pac L G lsts.. llo
Gen Elec 5s 109 | Do Reg 2ds. 4s
GHtSA 6s 107 t-nlon Par <s.. Io" 4
Ro2ds 103 U p Dft G lsts'.'. 92
•H&TCSS 110 WRbash Ist 55. ...113
Do con Of 110 ! Do 2ds ... qiTi
SOWS C lets 1074 TV Shore 4s .'."'."noa?
.a new consols 4s.lO7''..\'a Centuries ' f>2
. & N Uni 4s 96 1 Do deferred '.'.'.'.'. 7
Missouri 6s 100 Wls Cent lsts "'" 62U
M X & T 2ds 701.; Colo Southern 45.! 874
MINING STOCKS.
Phdllar 12|Ontarlo 2 87
Crown Point 14 Ophir 55
Con Cal & Va.*..... 1 20, Plymouth !'" in
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... 24 Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 9 Sierra Nevada 85
Momestake 50 00 1 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 27
Mexican 24 Yellow Jack* .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lEd Elec Te1...... .195
Call loans 2Q3IGen Elec prefd.... 164
Time loans 3@4 Atchlson prefd .... 6034
Stocks— , Bonds—
A T & St Fe IS Atchison 4s 99
Amer Sugar 125% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 112 Allouest Mm C 0.... 6%
«ay State Gas .. i 5-16 Atlantic 31
Bell Tel 274% Boston & M0nt. ...262
Boston & Albany. .2so I Butt & Boston... 77%
Boston & Maine ..170 Calumet & Hec1a..637
Boston L 82% Centennial • is " l
Chi Bur & Q. 124% Franklin 21%
Fltchburg 108 Old Dominion .... 35%
Gen Electric 99 Osceola 79
Mexican Central.. ST-n5 T -n Quincy 147%
N V & N Eng.... 99 Tamarack 194
Old Colony 188% Wolverine ' 36%
Uubber 44% Parrott 37
Union Pac 42 Humboldt 3
West End 90% Adventure 9Va
Westingh Elec .... 40 Union Land 12 1 *
Do prefd 63 Wlnona 14*
Wis Central 2 I
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Money on call firm at
2%@4 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 3@3*i per cent; sterling ex
change steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 S4U@* 544 for demand and $4 81};
, <jj4 82 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 82%©
, 4 Bi4; commercial bills, $4 SO; silver certili
" cates, 59%@60%c; bar silver, 59c; Mexican dol
■ lars, 46% c; Government bonds. irregular; State
| bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, Irregular.
• CASH IN THE TREASURY.
I j WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— To-day's statement
' iof the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
-1 i able cash balance, 1291,715,368; gold reserve,
! $243,479,479.
! THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
' markets here were dull this morning, but
brisker In the afternoon in sympathy with a
better tone In Paris. Spanish 4's spurted to
45 i and copper shares were buoyant, Ana
condas reaching 6!* bid, with large option deal-
Ings. Calls to end In January were >i; mid
-1 February, 5-16; February 28, %. Copper rose
£1. closing 15* up. Americans were bullish
early, but in the middle of the day the con
tinental demand revived, causing a sharp rise.
Louisville and Nashville, Missouri Pacific and
Wabash preferred were favorites. The close
was firm.
CLOSING.
I LONDON, Jan. 6.— Canadian Pacific, 61%;
' Grand Trunk, 74. Bar silver, steady, 27' /4 d.
Money, 2 per cent.
LONDON, Jan. 6.— Bar silver closed firmer
at 27 6-16 d per ounce. Spanish 4s closed at
45% d.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Alter the ex
; tremely bullish demonstrations with which last '
1 week's speculations closed it was expected
I that the opening of the new year would be
marked by strength of an equally decided
; kind. This was only partly realized this week,
; new records as to quotations having been made
| In many parts of the stock list, while the
, trading, particularly in the last two days, has
shown an activity fully up to the recent higher
i average. There was, however, some disappoint
i ment in Wall street, because when the Stock
Exchange opened after the three days' holiday ;
! a disposition to realize profits took place In
; stead of the expected large public buying de
mand. A sensitive money market In London,
resulting in a rather bearish attitude toward
American stocks there, contributed to the hesi- j
' tation, which made itself felt In the general I
i railway list here and which apparently caused j
some of the professional traders to temporarily
take the bear side. The easing off of quota
; tions on Tuesday and Wednesday throughout
the market was not at all severe, and in the
i face of it the coal stocks displayed consider
! able strength, while certain specialties, like
Federal Steel, Brooklyn Rapid Transit and Peo
ple's Gas, had effective support and made rapid '
advances. These movements continued Thurs
day, by which time the slight hardening of
call loan rates, due to the heavy January dis
bursements and changing of loans, had entirely
disappeared. It may oe noted that on last
, Tuesday New York bank clearings were the ;
, largest for any day in the history of the Clear
ing-house, and that notwithstanding this the !
: current rates for call money can hardly be
said to have advanced above 4 per cent, while i
time money was freely offered and was in as |
! little demand as ever. London, after suffering i
somewhat from another session of fears about '
j relations between Great Britain and France i
I and from the large calls which the season nat
urally brought on the Bank of England, main
tained Its favorable position toward Americans p
which was not Improved by the fact that on
Thursday $1,500,000 gold was taken there In the
open market for shipment to this slSe The !
, latter circumstance was counted here, however
j among the bullish influences of the moment ' I
; Some attention was also paid to the continued j
; good railroad earning reports, and in trans- l
portation circles stress Is laid on the general
and decided tendency of railroad managers to :
insst on the . collection of full tariff rates for :
freight, which, it is thought, may result In
a permanent restoration of char R« to a pay
ing basis. At the same time the market was
more Interested in the manipulation of various
parts of the 1 St n and the position which leading
■ operators and financial interests are taking
1 as well as in various developments and deals
now sal a to be pending, which furnished a
c'e a Aa,n f °s r tocks. COntinUed UpWard movement of
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.-The following table
i compiled by Braristreet. shows the bank clear
; ings at all principal cities for the week ended
| January 6. with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
, week last year;
Percentage.
New York R147.431.316 K.I Uec -
Boston 141,854.467 4 0
Si!?"* 0 , -L 127.847,835 ' 20.0 '.'.'.'.
■ Philadelphia 84.883.476 10 1
St. Louis 80.854
Pittsburg 20,301,923 ■ ie'6
, Baltimore 21,619,538 .. k'i
i San Francisco 15,785!192 26
i Cincinnati 14 014. 950 19.7
Kansas City 9.561, 171 .... "J*j
New Orleans 12.894,657 3 3
Minneapolis 9,825 061 2 0 *"""
Detroit 7,086.783 7.5
' Cleveland 9,201,624 32 4
i Louisville 7.466,063 6*7
1 Providence 6,617,400 2.8 '.'."
• Milwaukee 5.832.810 3 8
; St. Paul 4.189,930 20.4 '.'."
; Buffalo 4.919.969 .... 42 '
Omana ••• 6,816.724 33.3 ....
: Indianapolis 6,107,663 4S
Columbus, 0 4,824.500 164
; Savannah 2,663.630 .... 'i*6
' Denver 2.834,001 .... ii I
I Hartford 4,030,354 '..'.'. 24
1 Richmond 3,7 505 3 7
Memphis 2,619.533 .... V-
Washington 1.329.74S .... 2 6
Peorla 2.078.045 6.2
Rochester 2.331.511 1 1
New Haven 2.358,967 35 9 ""'
! Worcester 1.734.557 .... 'i'.S
Atlanta 2,057945 1 8
Salt Lake City 1.787 942
Springfield. Mass... 2 015 087 "25 ""
Fort Worth 1,871.340 119
: Portland. Me 1.832.622 47
Portland. Or 1.859.840 .... i^K
St. Joseph 2,225.510 22.9
Los Angeles 1.745,117 7 9
Norfolk 1,131,126 ""
Syracuse L 595,826 '2's
lies Moines 1,713.646 37.'i
Nashville 1,486.912 .. it's
Wilmington, Del... 912 279 17 i
1 Fall River L 485.168 716 ""
Scranton L 060 ,188 .... 23' i
Grand Rapids 1,345.028 Bo!«
i Augusta, Ga 718 680 ic,'r
■ Lowell 642.344 '"' 24*7 '
Dayton. 0 895.809 120
I Seattle 997.05S 8 7 ""
Tacoma 574.976 " 30^
Spokane 1,682,280 65.2
Sioux City 917,427 • *>6 4 '""
New Bedford 613.47.3 206
■■ Knoxville, Term... 547,387 35 """'
: Topeka 459,765 s -,
i Birmingham 667,661 4 2
i Wichita 278,009 ..." 3-/7
; Binghnmton 501 200 25 8
; Lincoln 1 456.494 1 5
I Lexington. Ky 285,347
Jacksonville, Fla. .. 231. ..'. J7*s
Kalamazoo 376.573 35.7
Akron 292.600 18.6
Bay City 109.807 .... s^'j
Chattanooga 311,000 . , 22 # 6 i
Rockford. 11l 214.316 28.9
Canton. 0 201.700 5.7
Springfield. 0 251.643 18.3
Fargo, N. D 418.400 3S 4
i Sioux Falls. S. D.. 112.004 10.4
■ Hastings. Neb 118,466 ....
j Fremont, Neb 128.433 17 4
; Davenport 931.202 13 5
Toledo 1,801.334 ... "1 9
Galveston 8.005.800 9.6
Houston 6,5R. r ..4<)8 .... 'si,
Youngstown 369.906 37.'i
•Macon 638.000
! •Little Rock 410,487 ....
: •Kvansvllle 770,845 ....
I •Helena 465,690 .... ""
Totals. U. 5... 51,767,839,975 22~7
Totals outside
New York.... 620.403.659 8.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
• Montreal $ 13,643,831 - 8.8
1 Toronto 11.396.579 5.6
i Winnipeg 2.095.518 13
1 Halifax 1,526,357 16.1
I Hamilton 750.743 .... 177
St. John, N. B 520.140 .... 9*2
: •Vancouver 630.359 ....
i •Victoria 633.130 .... ...]
Totals $ 29.963.474 7.6 ....
j •Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.'
' BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, Jan. Bradstreet's to-morrow !
will say: The situation is one of quiet, hub- i
■ tamed strength. In wholesale distributive '
trade annual Inventories have occupied atten- !
tion, and distribution In this branch Is. there
fore, of only seasonable proportions. ' Retail
trade reflects the quieting down of the eager
demand ruling before the holidays, but It Is
significant that the majority of the reports re
ceived since January 1, . in mis and in the
wholesale branch, refer to collections as al
most uniformly good. Export trade, particu
larly in cereals, continues well up to maximum
i figures, while reports from the new great In
| dustries of the country are favorable.
The cruder forms of Iron and steel - have
THE SAN FT^ A 1S 1 CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
been in rather less demand this week at lead-
Ing centers, and large orders are few In num
ber, heavy consumers having pretty well cov
ered themselves for some weeks to come by
their liberal buying in December. In finished
ts. however, and particularly in steel,
rather more has evidently been doing, this
being reflected in advances at both the East
and West In the prices of steel rails, steel
beams, plates and sheets. Some heavy orders
for railroad account are reported booked, and
the export trade continues of liberal propor
tions, partly aided, no doubt, by the shading
In ocean freight rates occurring during the past
month.
Aside from the aggressive strength of steel
price quotations are little changed from a week
ago.
Bank clearings for the week reflect exception
ally heavy annual settlements. In a total nf
$1,765,900,000, nearly $40,000,000 larger than ever
before reported. 25 per cent larger than last
week: 24 per cent larger than in this week a
year ago; 54 per cent larger than in 1597; 70
per cent larger than in 1595 and 75 per cent
larger than In 1594.
Business failure are exceptionally small for
th" opening week of the new year, numbering
only 237. against 218 last week. 333 In this
week a year ago, 4SS in 1597; 446 in 1596 and
405 in 1895.
Thf steadiness of wheat this wwk, partici
pate.l in by other cereals, finds explanation in
continued foreign buying, the strength of the
statistical position, the normal time for de
creases In American stocks having arrived with
supplies still smaller than at any correspond
ing date for ten years past, aided by favorable
advices from Argentina, whence mintmum esti
mates are again arriving. The world's stock
of wheat on January l, a? shown by telegraph
ar.rt cable advices to Bradstroot's, gained only
9.700. 000 bushels over December 1. against a
gain of 25,000,000 bushels in November, and
European and American stocks combined on
January 1, 1899, aggregated only 118,949,000
bushels. 13,00<i. OfM) bushels smaller than January
1 last year, 37.000.0fi0 bushels smaller than on
January 1, 1897, 75,000.000 bushels smaller than
on January- 1, 1896, 5C. 000.000 bushels smaller
than on January 1, 1595, and 93.000,000 bushels
smaller than on January 1, 1594, when the
maximum of stocks In recent years was
reached.
Stocks In the United States east of the Rock
ies are the lightest held for eight years past,
and with the exception of IS9I are the smallest
held for fifteen years past.
The December total of bank clearings proved
a fitting conclusion to a year of unprecedented
expansion in many line?, in .an aggregate of
seventy-seven cities, of $7,335,551,222. a gain of
13.7 per cent over November's hitherto unap
pn ached total of 23.5 per cent over December,
1597, of 66. S per cent over December, 1896, of 71.2
. per rent iiver the same month of 1894 and of 22.7
per cent over the same period of 1892. This
latter pain, too, was shown in spite of the fact
that the stock clearing house at New York City
is estimated to have reduced the volume of
yearly clearings at that city by $3,000,000,000.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 0.560.26S bushels, against 6.292.
--f2" bushels last week, 3.4M.57fi bushels In the |
; corresponding week of IS9B. 3.105.65S bushels in
| 1597. 8,471,68] bushels in 1596 and 2,687.178 bush
! els in 1895. Since July 1 this year the exports
of wheat aggregate 128.355.977 bushels, against
132.44rt.jv4 bushels last year.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
number 28, against 16 last week. 48 in this week
a year ago, 65 In 1897 and 53 in 1596 and 1595.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW TORK, .Tan. «.— R. Q. Dun & Co.'s
; Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The year begins with the kind of business
demand that counts. For months there has
j been a rising demand for materials, but now
the crowding demand for finished products he
j gins to advance in the iron and steel industry
about one per cent without quotable changes
In pig except at the East. Beams have ad
vanced $2 per ton: angles, $1; bars, $1, and
plates strong, with an .Australian order for
I 32,000 tons refused at Chicago because the
I works are already overcrowded. Many thou
sand cars are covered by orders at Pittsburg,
10,0 0 tons bars are taken fur agricultral works '
at Chicago, 105,000 tons rails are taken by the
Pennsylvania company. The Midland Railway
Company of England has ordered twenty loco
; motives from the Baldwin works and many ;
other home and foiteign orders are reported. The j
demand has never been greated at the begin- I
nlnis' of the year than it Is now.
The wool manufacturer has a similar embar
rassment. While all Quotations of wool by
9 Urns, of Philadelphia average IS.<)3
j cents, against 20.71 h year ago, the market Is
<■ gradually yielding, because people appreciate
i the magnitude of stocks on hand, which the
! Boston Commercial Bulletin reports at 291,- j
l Of'O.OOfl pounds, an Incn-ase In its account of I
mnds f"r the year. Ohviously this
means a great movement from the farms to
i millers' Btocks and Eastern markets, but
' prices are not yet low enough to encourage the i
I large buying nr consumption by the manufac- !
, Hirers. The only heavyweight goods yet opened I
nr.' .a reduced prices, as has b^en expected, I
nml it in still uncertain how far the trade for !
. the coming season may prove satisfactory.
Cotton goods are in fair demand, with cotton
nt ." 67 cents, and while nobody 'an guarantee
| that the price will not lower, it Is believed by !
' competent observers that the market far goods ;
is BO far relieved of accumulated surplus that
prices are not likely to decline materially, even I
if cotton falls.
The wheat movement has to sustain it the I
largest foreign demand movement ever known I
for wheat and corn together, and the Atlantic
exports of r>. 214.42" bushel?, flour inemded. ,
against 2,840. 31.1 last year, with Pacific ex- |
ports of 614,631, against 572.44<> last year, would
give some reason to iintieljiate higher prices ;
won- not the Western receipts 4,001.532 bushels, |
against 2,876,072 for the same week last year.
The country is on the up grade, and the men I
whn expect it to take a downward road have !
v.'t some tim» to wait. There are no Indica
tions of a reaction which always follows a >
lario- and rapid business recovery, and exist- i
ing conditions in the industrials and in foreign
trade by no means forbid the hope that the >
increase may continue, as it did after the re- !
Viva! in I^7o, for several years. Kxports, com- I
pared with Imports, continue to Indicate an 1
enormous balance In cash due this country, and
gold imports begin again.
Failures for the week have been 243 In the ,
United States, against 322 last year, and 24 In
Canada, against 32 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.-FLOrR-Receiptt>. 29,- \
710 barrels; exports, 24. .'3_. Moderately active
anl :•'<! liie lower to sell. j
WHEAT— Receipts. 261.175 bushels; exports,
62.451 Spot, weak; red, 77 1 4i§79c f. o. b.
I afloat to arive. Options had a fair bulge at j
I the opening on unusually strong Liverpool
cable news, but without support were unable
to withstand the subsequent pressure of gen
eral liquidation. Sentiment was less bullish
| and found selling motives in small clearances.
! Final prices were weak at 'i(6%c net decline.
; March. 77H@78%c, closed 77}jc.
He »PS- Quiet.
WOOL- firm.
METALS— The pronounced strength shown by
tin during the past ten days, more particularly
the last week, was Increased to-day by bullish
news from primary points, unquestionable cvi
- of a llrmer feeling abroad and a de
cidedly more favorable turn of holders. Prices
moved up an additional 50 points, with the in
dications pointing to equally sensational de
velopments with the opening for the new week. I
This improvement in tin caused sympathetic I
advances in the other departments, notably
c ipper and spelter. At the close the Metal
Exchange quoted:
PIGBRON- Warrants firm; $8 nominal.
lake COPPER— Stronger; $13 35 bid, $13 60
; asked.
i TlN— Strong and higher; $20 50 bid, $21 asked.
LEAD— Firmer; $3 97h'?4 asked. Brokers'
prices of lead $3 75 and copper $13 50.
SPELTER— Firmer, with buyers and sellers '
at B 25. |
'•oFFEE- Options closed firm, Bffin points
higher. Sales. 700(i bags, including February \
March. $5 60: May. $5 75; July, $5 80; Sep- '
tember, |5 95Q6; October. $6; November, $6 06;
December, 16 10. Spot coffee— Rio steady; No
7 invoice. 6<V; No. 7 jobbing. 7%c; mild, steady;
Cordova, 7f&@lsc.
SUOAR— -Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3 3-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar
3 9- 16 c: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4485 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. 15<?21c; Elglns, 21c; fac
tory. 12^14'ic.
F.i :<;H-Receipts, 2894 packages. Western. 260;
Southern, 25(g26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Jan. 6.— California dried fruits
i steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7%<?Se;
prime wire tray, S*4e; choice, 9-39'sc; fancy, 10c
PRUNES— BH@IOHc.
APRICOTS— Royai, 11-514 c; Moorpark. 13® 17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9gil>^c; peeled, 21@25c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— Reports of damage to the
Argentine crop and unexpected strength at
Liverpool !n the face of a %c decline here yes
terday started wheat strong. May opened %@
M>c higher at 71%-5f71 I ,ic, and as calls had been j
sold very freely around 71V4C sellers of those j
privileges took fright, and In the endeavor to
procure wheat they expected to need for de
livery on calls May was bid up to 71%(g71^,c. I
Traders who had not sold calls were largely in j
the majority, however, and came into the pit
with more wheat than the shorts could absorb. !
Under this ardent selling the opening strength j
Quickly evaporated and the price of May drop
ped back to 70Vic. Liverpool was '/ 4 ci higher
and New York reported fifty boatloads sold for
export. The news and conditions of a bullish
nature had little Influence, however, and the
only matters to Impress the crowd were prob
abilities of Argentine and Russian shipments on
a large scale in the near future. There was
a dearth of outside trade and about the only !
support the market got on Its downward course j
came lrorn holders of put privileges. May had I
one ur two sickly rallies from "OVic and then I
took another plunge to %c below Its previous
lowest point, selling at 69=Si<g69%c, The market I
I became very heavy as the session advanced. |
| but toward the close some covering by shorts
caused a slieht reaction and May closed at
I 70<b7('Hc.
| corn started out strong with wheat and
traders for a time bought freely to cover short
sales. The trade lacked individuality and was
entirely of a local character. May closed 94c
I lower.
Oats were Influenced to quite an extent by
the weakness in wheat and corn, but were In
dependent enough to he the firmest of the
three. May closed unchanged.
The quantity of hogs received at the yards
w:k< responsible for a strong feeling In pro
visions early. Lluldatlon for outside account,
with the weakness In grains, was more than
the maaket could stand and prices declined
- sharply. May pork closed 30c lower. May lard
■ declined 12\ic and May ribs lost 6@7%c.
; The leading futures ranged as follows:
1 Articles— Open. High.' Low. Close. j
heat No. 2—
i May • • • 71' i 71% 69%. 70%
t July 69% 69% 67»i 68
I January 6 7% 66% 66%
, Corn No. —
1 January 35 33 34% 3414
- May ••• 37% 37% 36% 36%
f Oat s -N0"."2- 37 * 37 36 37
; Oats No. 2—
Ma ,>" 27% 27% 27 27%
1 Ju '>' ••-,' 25% 26 . 2514 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January .. . 970
. Ma >' .10 35 10 42% 10 00 10 00
, Lard, per 100 pounds—
, January 557^ 55714 54214 6 42%
r M ay 5 77% SSO .-5 6214 6 62%
* Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
\ January 475
[ Ma >' G07% 512% 4 97% 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
r Flour, quiet but steady: No. 2 spring Wheat,
', I 66%@68c; No. 3 spring Wheat. 63@67c; No. . 2
! d v'°® 7lc: No. 2 Corn. 85®35Mc; No. 2 Oats,
1 : 26U,fJ27c; No. 2 white. 29@29%c: No. 3 white,
25»4@29c; No. 2 Rye. 64%; No. 2 Barley, 40®51c;
■ No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 12: Prime Timothy Seed.
1 $2 30; Mess Pork, per barrel, $3 70@9 80; Lard.
I per 100 pounds. $5 45@5 55; Short Rib Sides,
■ loose, $4 65@4 90; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. ;
1 *\i@i%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $s<gs 10; •
■ Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
1 $1 27; Sugar, cut loaf and granulated, un
• changed.
1 Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
• Flour, barrels 55 000 72 000
. Wheat, bushels 105.000 43.000
[ Corn,, bushels 375,000 157.
1 Oats, bushels 179.000 251.000
1 Rye, bushels 24,000 41,000
• Barley, bushels. 59,000 24,000
j On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
. market was firm; creameries, 14@20<40; dairies;
, 12@lSc. Eggs, dull: fresh, 25@26c. Cheese.
, steady; creams, ft lie.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
_. , Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 265,440 40 800
Duluth 128,442
Milwaukee 45.500 12,600
■ Chicago 105.000 43.727
■ Toledo 16,861 3.000
. St. Louis 12,000 33,000
Detroit ;. 19,225 5 223
: Kansas City 50,000 ■ 39,000
Totals 642,468 182.350
Tidewater-
Boston .... SO.OSO 43,363
New York 261,775 32,029
Philadelphia 16,600 26,489
Baltimore 43,033 88,000
New Orleans 110.000
| Galveston
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening i 5 10% 6 S%
Closing 5 11 6 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 45 45 46 35
Closing 45 30 46 10
Wheat —
Opening 21 20 21 8.-1
Closing 2120 2185
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— CATTLE— demand for
cattle to-day was good and all offerings were
taken at steady prices. Fancy cattle, $5 80@
5 95; medium, $4 80®5; beef steers. $4<@4 75;
feeders, J3@4 50; bulls, $2 5004 30; cows and
heifers, $2 So®4 75; calves, $3 50@5 SO; Texas
Steers, $3 13-34 65.
HOGS— Hog offerings were said to be the
I poorest of the season, and the bulk of sales
' showed a decline of 2H@sc. Fair to choice,
' : $3 621.1(13 75; packing -lots. $3 40&3 60; mixed.
1 $3 45@3 65; butchers, $3 45-53 75; lights, $3 30®
, 3 62%; pigs, $2 90®3 42%.
j SHEEP — Competition rose among buyers In
sheep and was spirited and the market ruled
' fairly active at unchanged prices. Native
I sheep were saleable at $2 25@4 15; yearlings,
$4*74 40; lambs. $3 76©5 25.
Receipts— 3000; hogs, 30,000; sheep, 8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 6— CATTLE—
3000; market strong, active. Native steers,
S3 50®5 85; Texas steers, %2 40@4 75; Texas cows,
J2@3 77%; native cows and heifers. $1 5054 25;
stockers and feeders. $2 i*o@4 7.": bulls, $264.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000; market strong to
higher, active. Bulk of sales, $3 30@3 65; heav- j
ies, $3 40(J?3 75; packers, $3 35-53 6.".: mixed. $3 30 1
• (53 62%: lights, $3 2i"<i3 45; yorkers, $3 4" ; . 45;
pigs. J3<i?3 35. «
1 SHEEP— Receipts, 1500; market firm. Lambs,
I $3<§s; muttons, $1 Mfi-1 05.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. CATTLE— Receipts. 1000:
market active, strong. Native beef steers. $4 10
! (no 40: Western steers, $3 811-54 40: Texas steers, 1
$.-* 60@4 20; cows and heifers, $3 25@4 45; can- |
ners. higher, $2<83; Btockers and feeders, $3 40 j
I «?4 50; calves, $4 60@7; bulls, stags, etc., $2 25
@3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000; market shade higher.
I Heavy. $ 47H«f?3 50: mixed. « 4S@3 47%; light,
j $3 45<fj3 50; pigs. $3@3 40; bulk of sales, $3 47%
@3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2300; market steady, ac
■ tive. Native muttons, $3 SO-3'4 25; Westerns,
, $3 60-54; stockers, $2 SO^S 50; lambs, $4-ff>s 10.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. CATTLE— Receipts, 300.
Market active and firm. Beef steers, $4@5 25;
I cows, $3Q4; feeders, freight paid to river $3 25
. @4; Btockers. freight paid, $3 25@4 35; bulls,
stags, etc.. $2f(3.
HOGS— Receipts, 700. Market active to 5c
! higher. Light packers. $3 50@3 55; mixed, $3 45
(53 50; heavy. $3 30-&3 45.
SHEEP— Nothing doing.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. Consols. 110%@110 13-16;
! silver. 27',id; Fr.ench rentes, lOlf 75c; wheat car
! goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
'■ sage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1
I Standard Cal., 30s 6d; English country markets,
! quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 6.— WHEAT— ;
I wheat in Paris, quiet; Flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red "Western winter,
steady, 6s 3d; No. 1 red Northern spring,
steady, 6s i'?d.
corn— Spot American mixed, quiet, 3s 10V.d
Futures steady. January, old, 3s 10% d; Febru
ary, 3s 9%d: March, 3s 9Hd.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
were 168,000 centals, all Americans.
Futures closed quiet. March, 5s lid; May
5s 9%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 6.— Exchanges, $245,
--SSO; balances, $50,004.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 6.— Wheat unchanged
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 6.— Wheat, Club, 59c; Blue
stem, 61@63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85^
Sterling Cables — 4 86*-
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
Mexican Dollars — 471^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The General Neumayer takes for
Cork 57,390 ctls. valued at $66,000.
Tlie market was weak, with a decline in
futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 ir.@l 16%; milling
$1 20@l 22Vi.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— 20 000
ctls. *1 18%. .
Second May— 2ooo ctls, Jl 18%; 16,000
'1 18%.
Regular Morning: Session— — 62,000 ctla
$1 18%: 2000, $1 18%; 20.000, $1 18*.
Afternoon' Session— May— 43,ooo ctls, SI 18%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule with a dull
market/ (
Feed.* $1 27%@1 32%; Brewing. Jl 35@1 45 per
ctl. / CALL BOARD SALES.
/ / CALL BOARD SALES.
/Informal Session 9:l3 o'clock— \o sales,
/isecond Session— No sales.
Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — '99, new — 6000 ctls
91% c.
OATS— There is less activity, but no weakness
In prices. Offerings are merely fair.
Fancy Feed. $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice. Jl 30@l 22%: common, $1 27%; Surprise
Jl 40@l 45; Gray. $1 3O'e;i 35; Milling, Jl a2V4®
1 36 per ctl: Red, $1 56@1 65; Black. Jl 60@l 76.
CORN— There were tree receipts from the
East yesterday. The market is quiet and un
changed.
Small round yellow, Jl 20; Eastern large yel
low, Jl 12%@1 15; white, $1 12%@1 15; mixed,
%l 07%@l 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12%@
1 15.
RTE— California. *1 15@1 20; Eastern. $1 15
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras. II 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, *3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 pound*; Rye Flour, $2 76
per 100;. Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, {3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50;. Buckwheat
Flour, $4^4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
14 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85(36 25; In sacks, $5 f>f.@G 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 Its.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues firm, with light receipts and a
Rood shipping demand, principally on country
account.
Bran and Middlings have advanced 50c. Both
are firm and active and in good demand for
feeii owing to the high price of Hay.
, BRAN— 60019 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGP-$20@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $28 60(827 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50;
jobbing. $32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cot
tonseed Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24<?f25. --■-<>
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17 50@19 for
good to choice and $16@17 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, ■ $15 SO®
17 50; Oat. $I*@l6; Island Barley. $14@ir. ; Al
falfa. $12@13 50: Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 oCKfiIS; Cheat.
$12012 75; Alfalfa. ; Oat, $13 50@15; Clover,
$11@12; Timothy. $11 50ff13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change in any descrip
tion.
BEANS— $1 85@2: Small Whites. $2Q,
2 15; Large Whites. $1 75@1 90; Pinks. $1 35®
2 05; Reds, $3 15®3 25; Blackeye. $3 75@4: But
ters, $2#2 50; Limns. $3 25©3 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 40*52 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 EMM 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax. $2@2 25; Canary
Seed. 2%@2?ic per n>: Alfalfa. s%@6fcc: Rape,
2Uf'2%ic: Hemp. 2H«3c; Timothy. s@sV4c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are firm and In good demand. Onions
are steady. Vegetables are dull and un
changed.
POTATOES— 6S@SOc per ctl far Early Rose;
65@75c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks. $I@l 15; Oregon, 90c@$l 12Vi; Sweet
Potatoes. $1 65@1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes
2@2Vic per It).
ONIONS— 6O 7SO per ctl; Oregons, $I@l 10.
■VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 5«6c: String
Beans, 6@Bc; Cabbage, 40® 50c; Tomatoes 75c@
P r °, r L '* Angeles, Egg Plant. 10c per lb;
Garlic, 6@Bc per rb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers. 4gsc per rb; Dried Peppers,
10<f£i5e; Marrowfat Squash. $S@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 10c per Ib.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry Is firm at the advance and Turkeys
are still higher. Some dressed brought 20c and
come live 16c.
Game was in light receipt and several kinds
advanced.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@19c; live
Turkeys, 14@lGc for Gobblers and 14®16c for
Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $4 50
<g6; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $5 50(86; old
Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $5@5 50; Broilers.
$4 50<§5 for large. $3 6004 for small; Pigeons $1
@1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50<82 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $l(gl 50; Mallard, $3 Mil', ; Can
vasback, $3@6; Sprig, $2 60@3; Teal. $1 50fj2;
Widgeon, $15052; Small Duck, $10150; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50@3; Jack Snipe, $1 23; Gray
Geese, $2 50(53; White Geese, $I@l 25; Brant
$1 60@l 75; Honkers, %m:>; Hare, 75c@$l; Rab
bits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another decline in Butter is noted and the
market Is soft. Eggs are also quoted weak.
No change in Cheese.
BUTTER-
Creamery— creameries, 26H@27c; sec
onds, 24@26c
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@24c; common
grades, 18<§21c.
Pickled Goods— 17@18c; pickled roll,
17@18c for dairy and 19ia20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22">ic.
Eastern Butter— packed, 16@16'/ic per
rb; Elgin, 22@22%c
CHEESE— mild new, liy;@l2c; old. 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar, 12.V 12,*.c; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c; Eastern. 10<5!12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34<§,36c per dozen; sec
onds, 30<533c; store Eggs, 25@30c; Eastern, 22V4
@25c. '--,■■"
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. '
The market is still dull at unchanged prices.
Good Limes ore scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@'60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25571 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1; Apples, In barrels, $s@B.
Pears— 2sc@sl per box.
Persimmons— 4u@7sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 76c(g$l 50: Mandarins, $I@l 25;
Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common and $2®3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@6; Cali
fornia Limes, 25@60c per small box; Grape
Fruit, $li@2 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Apathy still characterizes the market and
quotations have not changed much for some
time.
DKIED FRUIT— 6VjC for 40-50's, 4t£@
Ec for 50-60's, 3</iM3*.ic for 60-70's, 2%@3c lor
70-80' s, 2H@2Hc for 80-90' s, 2c for 90-100' s and
m@l%c for 100-110' Silver Prunes, 2H@sc;
| Peaches, 6®7V4c for good to choice, 7%@Bc for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and W,i<S'li i ic for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, ©7^c; sun dried, 4<§4%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2©2'/4c: Plums, 4V4@6c for
pitted and l@l^c for unpltted; Nectarines,, 6<§)
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, o@Sc for quarters
and B(fi9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, s*ic for four-crown, sH®6>£c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4>ic for Seedless "Muscatels and !
! $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
— Chestnuts. S@l2^c per !t>: Walnuts.
7#Bc for hardshell. 9#loo for softshell: Al
monds, 7(gßc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6(g'7c for East
ern and 4^@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
OS.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6HO
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, u@s^.c
P< BEESWAX-24#26c per lt>.
BEESWAX— 24ji?26o per It).
PROVISIONS.
Previous prices rule with a dull market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per Ib for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light, lO^c
for extra light and 12 '.-ac for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lOig'lO'^c; California
Hams, i 'ri9\c; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beer. $11; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50©
16: Smoked Beef, llH@l2c per It).
LARD— quoted at 5%@6c per tr> for
compound and 7?i!g'Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure, BUc; 10-lt> tins, B^.c; 5-lT> tins, B*ic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6J4c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 in a case, 9..<-;
3-tb palls, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb pails, 12 in" a
case, B'^c; 10-Ib palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 In a cane, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, BV>c; light, Sc; Cowhides,
8c; Stags. f.c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands. 12c: dry I
Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, I
shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool, 30@40c
each; medium, 60<i?80c; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75((?2 for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%5?3%c per Ib;
No. 2. 2%c: refined. 4 ! >4(gsc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 769 c: San loaquln and Southern, 7
months'. B(iT9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9®llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 9<g>
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10({?12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt :ind Mendocino 9®ll
Northern Mountain TO s
Southern 6/7? lU.
Plains Sty 6 "
HOPS— crop, 12!4@14c per It) for ordinary,
14V4@15V4c for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 47i@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfteld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5;. Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50@9 In bulk and $10
@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, !
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 In sacks. .
Harrison's circular says: "During the week ]
there have been three arrivals from Washington !
with 6000 tons of coal, three from Oregon, 1250
tons; one from British Columbia, 2300 tons;' one
from New York, 1963 tons; total, 11.513 tons.
The Jobbers and retailers report a brisk trade
this week, as the recent storm has materially
Increased the consumption of the hotels and
householders; in fact, the usual reserve of do
mestic grades has been largely eaten into. This
accounts for the long line of teams which are
strung out on the arrival of all vessels carry
ing house coals. Our supplies of Australian
and English household grades are almost nil,
as the high Inward freights from those sections
have almost prohibited their Importation. The I
deliveries here of English and Australian were 1
over 112.000 tons less in IS9B than the year
previous: this deficiency was almost entirely
made good by the Increase from British Co
lumbia of about 93,000 tons. There were also
sold here last year over 100.000 tons of Corral
Hollow and Rocky Mountain coal, principally
for house purposes.
"Our New Year's advent was a most aus
picious one. There never was a more welcome
storm In California; It was a far-reaching and
penetrating rainfall. A few more such, this j
and next month, will cause a. softening of coal
values, as inward charters for foreign vessels
would be made at lower rates than now prevail.
As yet no distinctive difference Is noticeable,
and tonnage Is very scarce for early loading at
all foreign points."
RlCE— China mixed, $3 Saig^; China No. 1.
$4 50@4 90; extra do. $I@s 3.': Hawaiian, $5 37^4;
Japan, $4 50^4 75: Louisiana, $5@6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6T»c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, &~ic; Dry Granulated. 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, s>ic; Magnolia
A, 5%c; Extra C, sic; Golden C, 5Hc: half- i
barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes V>c '
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels I
or its equivalent.
CANNED GOODS— Shipments of Salmon from
this port to Europe during the last six months
In IS9B were 517,309 cases, valued at $2,100,1113.
Shipments of Canned Fruits during the same
period were 472.733 cases, valued at $1,502,654.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no chance to report in any descrip
tion. The demand and supply about balance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6H@"c; : second quality,
6<6f6Hc; third quality. 4H@5V4c
VEAL— Large. 6U^7Vsc: small, 6H@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@"V4c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7H@Sc per rb.
PORK-Live Hogs, 4@4}ic for large, V&®i%<i
j for medium, and 3%®4c for small: stock Hog».
I 3@3'/4C; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, January 6.
Flour, qr sks.... 20,097 Middlings, sks .. 130
Wheat, ctls 660 Straw, tons 9 I
Barley, ctls Hay. tons 237 [
I Oats, ctls 720iPelts. bdls 464
Cheese, ctls 67 Hides/ No 1.17S
Butter, ctls 82 Eggs, doz 4.140 I
Tallow, ctls li.i ! Leather, rolls .. 10S
Beans, sks 490 Wine, gals 76,750
Potatoes, skß .. 6,051 Brandy, gals 6 COO
Onions, sks 230 Lime, bbls »l !
Bran, sks •■••••• 130
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... is, 612 (Shorts, sks 2 500
Oats, ctls 390 Bran, sks 4 314
Wheat, ctls 3,070 Hay, tons 30
Potatoes, sks 251
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2,4001
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs rather cheaper. There Is
no change in Cheese.
Poultry and Game are somewhat dearer and
the former is not as plentiful as it has been.
Meats are unchanged.
Fruits and Vegetables show no changes
worthy of note.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly :
price list: !
Coal, per ton
Cannel $ 5f12 00 i Castle Gate.. s9 60©
Wellington . ©10 OOSouthfield
New Welling- I Wellington @9 50
ton « 10 00 1 Coos Bay (v. 700
i Seattle S 00® 1
j Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per jCheese. Swiss 20®25
square «<"> Common Eggs ..30535
Do, per r011... DOS'— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good — #45 dozen 37@40
Pickled 35©40: Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per lb..— <S2s lb 12fi 15
Cheese, Cal — ®1S Do. extracted ..— <gio
Cheese. Eastern.. 15©17 1
Meats, per lb.—
Bacon 12®17 ( Pork, fresh — «12
Beef, choice 12«15 Pork, salt ... 10C12
Do. good 84*10 1 Pork, chops —ill"
Corned Beef — & Round Steak ....lOfih'
Ham, Cal 12' 2 'a 15 Sirloin Steak ....I£©ls
Do, Eastern ...— #ls Porterhouse, d 0... —20
V, ard 12© 15, Smoked Beef 12015
! Mutton 107,12 Pork Sausages. .U'Vi®2o
Lamb 12@15iVeal .. iojj'ls
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each ... 50@ 65[Quall, pr doz.l 50®l 75
■ioung Roost- I Mallard, pair. 75® 100
ers, each .. 60® 75 Canvasback, pr
Old Roosters, J pair 1000150
each om 60 Sprig, pr pair. 60© 75
Fryers, each.. 60® - Teal, pr pair. 40@ 50
Broilers, each. 50® — Widgeon, pair 406; 50
Turkeys, pr lb 20® 22 Small Duck... 35® _
Ducks, each... 50® 75 Wild Geese pr
Geese, each...l 00®1 2' I pair .....'.... 50® 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50 English Snipe
Rabbits, pair. —(a 40 per doz 3 0003 CO
Hare. each.... — 20 Jack Snipe.... l 50®l 75
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 10®12|Limes, doz 12015
Apples, lb 4® 6; Oranges, doz ....*25®40
Bananas, doz 15020 , Pears, per 1b... 4® 6
Cranberries, pr qt.ls©— ; Raisins, lb '" s®lo
Grapes, per 1b... sr<i lo 1 Walnuts, lb ... '12515
Lemons, doz 20@— | **
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z. 75®1 23 Mushrooms, 1b....15®30
Beets, doz ...:.. 12013 Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4.; 5 Potatoes, lb .... 2$ 3
Colored, lb 41D 0 Do, Sweet .. 3® 4
Lima, lb ........ s®— Parsnips, doz ....15020
Cabbage, each.... s@lo Radishes, dz bchslO®U
Cauliflowers, each 3610 Sage, doz bnchs.2. ,®35
Celery, bunch s®— String Beans, lb 10®12
Cress, doz buchs.2oS23 Thyme, lb ■'ufflW
Green Peas, lb.. loft 12 Turnips, &0z...'."h& l >o
Lentils, lb , 81* 8, Tomatoes, lb ....10ei2
Lettuce, doz 15@25i ••*««*«
Fish, per lb.—
Barracuda _,g>_| Shrimps B®lo
Carp 5® 6 Shad S@lo
£°dttsh 10©12 Sea Bass 10rai2
Flounders 5® 6 Smelts 15<318
Herring B® 8 Soles 8 (S 10
Halibut — 12 Skates, each s®lo i
KingHsh 8&10 Tomcod 10®l' 1
Mackerel —&— Clams, gal — CdbO j
Do Horse — &— Do. hardshell, 100.40<&r>0
Perch -84110 Crabs, each 10@15
Pom pa no 1 00@1 50 Do, softshell, d0z.25®35
Rockflsh Mussels, qt 10®12
Salmon, smoked. .20®— Oysters. Cal 100.40®—
Salmon, fresh i:r.;i:>'Do, Eastern, doz 25050 ;
Sturgeon 12 « 151
THju STOCK MAK-KJiT.
Mining- stocks were firm as a rule and several
showed higher quotations.
The usual good business was done in local
securities, and Oceanic Steamship sold up to
$65 and Hana Plantation to $19.
The Utah assessment tails delinquent In board
to-day.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodte
for the week ending December 31, exploratory
work was done on the 150, 318 and 536 foot
levels In the No. 1". Security, New and Black
ledges. In the north drift on the 150-level there
are 10 Inches wide of good ore, and they have
stopped the drift temporarily to start an up
raise in the ore. On the 318-level raise No 1
shows 36 inches of low grade ore. The vein at
the top is getting smaller. The south drift on
this level shows 7 inches of good ore on the
hanging wall side and 10 Inches of low grade
ore on the footwall side. The ore in the raise
from the 336-foot level shows improvement.
In the stopes high grade ore somewhat mixed
with waste la being extracted on the 270-foot
level. On the 400 level the seams are badly
broken up and the ore averages low. At the
mill the doors and sashes are in, and banking
up around the mill building is finished The
battery blocks are all placed and tamping has
begun. The vanners are partly set up. All of
the electrical machinery for the power plant
has been delivered and is being placed Tail
ings plant No. 1 treated 2644 tons of tailings
for the week.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: "The west crosscut from
the station on the 370 level was advanced 18
feet for the week, making its total distance 79
feet from the station; face Is in porphyry and
quartz giving low assays. On the 490-level we
cleared out and retimbered the south drift a
distance of 14 feet, making its total length 59
feet from the station. We have finished doing
the annual assessment work on the West Jus
tice extension claim."
The Good Hose Placer Mining Company of
Utah has levied an assessment of 5 cents per
share, delinquent February 4.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 6.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 19 1914
4s quar coup.. — — . Mutual El Co. 12% — '
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 5?
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp. 87 —
ts ((liar coup.-106%107% S F G & E... S6« —
Miscellaneous— Pac LCo — 49
Cal-st Cab 55..112 — San Fran 3U —
£al El 6 . 9 -;-!^ l21 ' 5 Stockton Gas.. 11 14
C C \\at as... 104 — Insurance—
Dup-st or c... — 98% Flrem's Fund. 2ll —
E L, & P 65.. 131 — Bank Stocks-
F&CI Ry 65.114 - Anglo-Cal .... 64% —
Geary-st R os. — 102 'Bank of Cal. 256 —
11 C & 8 °$ S - - 105 Cal SD & T..101 105
LA L°? £ " 96 — First Nationl.224 230
Do gntd 65.. 99% - L n P & A.. 133 -
Market-st .126 — ' Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 05.115% - |Nev Nat 8.. .176 —
NCNOR7B.IO7 - I Savings Banks-
N Ry Cal 65. .114 116 Ger S & L..1625
S ££, Cal : ss -- 109 V4103%1Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC RR65.106 — I Mutual Say — 45
NPC R R 58.100 look's F Say V ' — 49?
N Cal R R sa. 98%106 .',S & L 50.." - 100
Oak Gas 55.... 110% — .Security S B 300 350
S" 1 * R & 6 »—i" 1 «? 129 Unlon T C 0.1060 -
£ 9} « Ry 65 - 1^ ~ Street Railroads-
P&O 6s 109 — California ....110 —
Powell-st 65... 120 1224 Geary .. 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — : Market-st .'.'.'. 60 60W.
SF& N P 55. 109 - Oak SL, & H — _
SierraßCal 65.104%1m,-,% Presidio .. " 9« nii
s p of At 65. .109% — Powder—"" %
S P C65(1905-6)113ii — California . IMU —
9PC 6s (1912)120V4 - |E Dynamite W* 97%
SPCIs eg ss. - 106 'Giant Con Co 60U 60U
SPBr 6s 121 3UJH Vigorft .. 3 Itl
8 V Water 65.119V4H9yJ Miscellaneous- *
Bs#£&iffi£Si &*£ w^"?)**
Stktn Gas 65. .102% - 'Hana PI S C °Co : 18% It
Contra Costa.. 6514 66 (Hutch S S Co STtt SBU
Contra Costa.. 65% 66 |Hutch SP Co 34 -
Marln ..... 50 - M er Ex Assn. 90 -
Spring \aley.lO2 - [Oceanic S Co. 64T<, 65
Gas & Electric— p ac a F a it;
Capital Gas... - — Pac C Bor Co'lOO _
Cent Gaslight.los - ' Par Paint Co ;°7 Z
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Hutchinson S P Co. b 3 m*■ I
60 Hutchinson S P C 0.... V, f°u, i
275 Hutchinson s p C 0... i< n
165 Contra Costa Water t- .jo
20 Contra Qosta Water, cash.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 6.> 00
500 ma Plantation Co is "0
250 Hana Plantation Co ....'.'.'. " is 75
415 Hana Plantation Co .. *" is S7W
195 Mutual Electric L,ight ....'.'. 13 00 "
10 Oceanic S S Co .?.... 64 62Vi
2.". Oceanic 3 S Co ... 64 75
155 Oceanic s S Co .'.".'"".'"".'." 64 S7W
35 Pacific Gas Imp . 87 00 "
50 S F Gas & Electric Co "' ... S6 50
$30,000 SV 4 per cent bonds (3d m0rt)...101 50 ,
„„ .. Afternoon Session.
100 Alaska Packers 1 Association 106 00
250 Contra Costa Water s 30 65 00
400 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
400 Hana Plantation Co .' 19 00
650 Hana Plantation Co 13 87%
10 Market Street Railway 60 25
100 Market Street Railway, s 90 60 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
40 Oceanic B 9 Co 64 S7U
3<S F Gas & Electric Co Sfi 37% I
2- S F Gas & Electric Co, b 10 S6 37y.
170 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 S6 25
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort)..lol 50
$1000 S F & X P Ry bonds » 109 12%
Street—
100 Alaska. Packers' Association 106 00
40 Market Street Railway 60 25
20 Oceanic S S Co 65 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Mutual Electric 13 00
70 Giant 60 75
IB Giant 60 (12%
25 Contra Costa Water 64 50
30 Spring Valley Water 102 25
40 Oakland Gas 51 75
32 Market Street 60 50
25 Oceanic 64 25
'Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Hutchinson 34 25
25 Hutchinaon 34 12%
$4000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 103 00
105 Central Light & Power 18 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher 42 200 Justice 15
inn Caledonia 24 sf'i Mexican 36
1"> challenge 16 400 Ophir 56
jf.i. ihollar If. fiOO Savage 10
600 Con <"al & Va..l 40 300 Sierra Nevada..
'ild & Curry. L:> 400 Sierra Nevada.. *5
300 Gould & Curry. 3'! 500 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 04 100 Justice 14
100 ( "hollar 14 400 Kentuck 12
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Ophlr 55
100 Crown Point.... 14 150 Standard 2 00
200 Gould & Curry. 27 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Beard yesterday:
Morning Session.
Ifino n»st <t Relrher 42 500 Mexican 3
tOO Best & Belcher. 40 300 Mexican 33
800 Bullion 031500 Ophlr M
300 Challenge Con.. 18(500 Ophir 55
n Cal & Va..l 30 400 Sierra Nevada.. Sd
450 Con <'al & Va.l 324 800 Sierra Nevada.. S8
800 Con Cal & Va..l 35 700 Sierra Nevada.. 89
700 Gould & Curry. 2< 1800 Union Con 35
500 Mexican 32 300 Union Con 34
1600 Mexican 34;
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 851600 Hale & Xorcrs. no
200 Belcher 17 100 Mexican 34
-t & Belcher. 40 50 Occidental 48
200 ("hollar 14 200 Ophlr 54
□ Cal & Va..l 30 100 Sierra Nevada.. S5
uld & Curry. 27 500 Utah OS
500 Gould & Curry. 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 6.-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask
Alpha Con .... 04 05 Julia —
Alta 06 08 Justice 13 13
Andes 05 06 Kentuck 11 12
Belcher 16 IS Lady Wash — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 33 34
Best & Belcher 30 40 Occidental 50 —
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 53 64
Caledonia 20 24 Overman 06 07
Chollar 13 15 Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con. — 17 Savage 09 1"
Confidence 60 64 Scorpion — 04
Con Ca! & Va.l 25 130 Seg Belcher.... OS 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 84 —
c r ..wn Point... 14 15 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka '"on .. 30 — Union Con 33 34
Exchequer — 03 Standard 195 200
Gould & Curry. 26 28 Utah 06 OS
Hale & Norcrs "S OH Yellow Jacket.. 21 -2
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Furt Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ;m.i low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tid. Is the same at both places.
SA'
1'A
un rises < :2S
un sets 5 :07
toon rises 2:48 a. m.
0 ITimel Time Time Time,
% 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• X w H w L w h vr\
~T~... 0:05 2.7 6:42] 6.0 2:04—0.1] 9:12! 3.8
8... 1:05 2.9 7:31 6.3 2:56 — 0-6} 10:11 4.1
9 .. 2:05 3.0 8:231 6.3 3:44 — l.Ol 11:00 4.4
10... 3:05 3.1 9:16 : 6.5 4:32—1.3 11:44 4.7
LI... 4:03 3.0 10:101 6.6 5:19—1.2
H W L. W! H W L W
12 ... 0:24 4.9 4:58i 2.8 11:05 6.5 6.02'— 1. 1
13 ... 1:04 5.1 5:55! 2.6! 12:00 6.J 6:46|—0.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
T'nited States CoasW Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
re fp r pnce Is the m»an of th<> lower low watery.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants'" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
January 6, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HIT.HES,
Lieutenant. U. 9. N-. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
; Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan.
Pomona Humboldt Jan.
Czarina..- (Puget Sound 'Jan.
; Curacao Jan.
W'ashtenaw jTacnma Tan.
j Empire !Coos Bay |Jan.
Corona San Diego !Jan.
; North Fork 'Humboldt ijan.
i Weeott 'Yaquina Bay Jan.
Slam |Nanalmo |Jan.
I Leelanaw jSeattle Jan.
Willamette Nanalmo Jan.
1 Bristol (Departure Bay Jar..
j Colon 'Panama Jan.
i Progreso Jan.
i Columbia [Portland Jan. 1
Orizaba [Newport (Jan. 1
Alliance Portland ijan. 1
Marlposa | Sydney ijan. 1
Chtlkat [Humboldt iJan. 1
t'matilla (Victoria & Puget SoundjJan. 1
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 1
! Point Arena 'Point Arena 'Jan. 1
I Samoa Humboldt Jan. 1
Wyefleld Nanalmo Jan. 1
; Nippon Maru China and Japan IJan. 1
! Coos Bay INewport ! Jan. 1
; Crescent City... [Crescent City Jan. 1
i StateCalifornlajPortland |Jan. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 7. 3 pm;Pier 2
China China& Japan Jan. 7, 1 pmiPMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 7, 10 amiPter 13
State of Cal Portland Jan. 8, 10 amiPier 2i
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 8, 9 am! Pier n
Chilkat .... Humboldt (Jan. 8, 9 ami Pier 13
Acapulco ..IPanama Jan. 9, 12 m PMSS
Pomona JHumboldt iJan. 9, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona San Diego IJan. 10. 11 am;Pier 11
"Weeott Coos Bay Jan. 10, 10 amjPier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 11. 2 pmiPier 7
Walla WalljVic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 11. 10 amiPler 9
Orizaba ...'Newport Jan. 12. 9 anrPler 11
Alliance . ..[Oreßon Ports. Jan. 12. 10 ampler 20
Columbia .JPortland iJan. 13, 10 am:Pier 21
Curacao ...iMexico | Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 9
Santa RosalSan Diego Jan. 14, 11 am Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. January 5.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson. 26 hours from Eu
! reka, via Shelter Cove.
Stmr No>", Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
! BragK
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 38 hours from Crescent
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hlnkle, 60 hours from
I Portland, via. Astoria 50 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqulst, 19 hours from Rock
: port.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 70 hours from New
port and way ports.
r s stmr Xero, Belknap, 37 day* from
i U S torpedo boat Davis, Xeal. 13 days from
0 .. , via Tillamook Bay 2 days.
Archie and Fontle, from Stewarts
Stirr Mlneola, David. 94 hours from Tacoma.
:• Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Re> ' CLEARED.
Friday, January 5.
;ari Gerard C Tobey, Hernman, Tacoma;
H J Knowles.
Br ship Xorma, McDonnell, Portland; W R
■irace & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, January 5.
Ptmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. southern port, with
schr Edward Parke in tow.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Enterprise, Anderson. Victoria.
Br ship Wasdale. Fisher. Portland.
Fr bark Gen Neumayer, Maheo, Queenstown.
Bktn Echo. Bellesen. Port Blakeley.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen. Fort Ross.
Scnr Vega, Rasmussen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber. Eureka.
Schr Glen. Nelson, Coos Hay.
Schr Edward Parke. Johnson, Alcatraz Land-
Ing; in tow of stmr Newsboy.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 6. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind east; velocity 6 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Andelana loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 31s 3d.
The Harriet G loads mdse for Central
America.
SPOKEX.
Per V S stmr Nero, Jan 6, off the lightshli>—
Br bark Brunei, from Antwerp, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES-Sailed Jan 6— Br ship An
delana, for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived Jan s— Schr John
F Miller, hence Dec 23; schr Azalea, from San
Pedro.
sr.ATTLE- Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Leelanaw. for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Fulton hnc
Dec 29. Jan 6— Schr Viking, hence Dec *9
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 4— Bark Coryphene
for Port .Blakeley; bark Tidal Wave, for Ta
coma: schr Comet, for Port Townsend; schr
Dora Bluhm. for Everett. Jan 6— Schr Chal
lenger, tor Port Tnwnsond.
Arrived Dec 31— Bktn Eureka, from Eureka
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 6— Schr J H Bruce, for
San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 5.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan 6— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOLLENDO— Arrived Jan 4— Br ship Lord
Templeton. hence Oct 10.
ENSEXADA-Sailed Jan s— Stmr Curacao
for San Francisco.
ALTATA— To sail Dec 24— Brig Genera, for
Port Townsend.LONG ODDS
LAID AGAINST
A "CAST-OFF"
Caspar Won at Odds
of 100 to 1.
RECEIVED SOME BACKING
HE PRICE ONCE AGAIN SUITED
SLY.
Tour Favorites Waddled Through the
Mud in Front — Miss Marion Is
a Flyer— Don't Skip Me
Led All the Way.
cheap Belling platers started in
. the card at Oakland yes-
II was a <ix- i urlon'- sprint, and
people entirely overlooked
ispar was a starter. The
..• ; :;.:;'p.thouf;ht so liehtly of the chances of
••../: live /crippled horse, which formerly raced
■.:•/•'.■.-» .the colors of Burns & "Waterhouse.
■":;'■ /I'hat; 100 to 1 was obtainable in several
; • ; : ; '->Ks. There was a subdued sort of a tip
■'..•.■■;;.";t"4t that, and CO to 1 was the best
,'./*iSund post time.- He was ridden by a
■ M'o'sican hoy named Romero, and in a
> . : .Si.y;<r with Sybaris and Little T G at the
'.'. r->-.'ui : 4i' P°t the decision by half a length.
'•■•:: Vn'saipe on - iris, the favorite, threw the
='-; '.'■■••^oo- a way by making an extremely wide
-.•■ -.i;: :'v.- into the stretch.
' : l ■: ■'•' :"Th> track was in bad condition, being
'';:;• i-muidy and holding in spots. The dry
?V-'. ! 4tfip in the stretch was a great bone of
<•„•? ■■{■Contention; and the horse that reached it
'■■::' •:■•?« .front usually proved the winner. Fa
■'-'■• iVbrltefl took four purses.
••' : c.'-.'Ar odds of 4 to 5 the fast filly "Wing
a" • <iiisily disposed of her Held In the six-fur
i*-cv%*l.tSnif'SPln for 3-year-old maidens. Master
£'*?':s£&■ fathered ln'place honors, two lengths
•'.•,..' ■.•.'•a head of Furia.
■.':.■•■•:••! Jexry Hunt, from the stable of Barney
•■'.•• ••Schreiber. appears right at home in the
••'".■•vih-ufidy going. The Servitor colt was a 3
"■'■• -■. to ; chance for the five-furlong scramble
y% : "f'ir co'.ts and geldings and won all the
" : " : way.- Campus was second, half a length
• " • : in front of Doremus.
' ' ■ Schrelber; also annexed the next purse
:■.-■■■ with Mis; Marlon. The fast tilly, with
:■" Thorpe up; disposed of I.imewater and El
."•' Estro like breaking sticks. The winner, a
. 7y -3 to. .i favorite, covered the six furlongs in
••;". •.■■.•.The acrobatic mare Sly came to life in
'■.-•. '" the seven-furlong run, for which Tom Ry
■ ''">' ■..■ hn's' horse Illinois was backed off the
■'.!. hoards to win. At her previous essay it
:••••• was common talk that she was "dead,"
;:-• the, odds being too close Yester
■ •• " ■day 15 to 1 was at one time obtainable.
'Turner had the lee ip, and never worse
, '•"'. than second; passed Lord Marmion at the
• ■-■■paddock and won by a length. Dunois,
• ::^ev€ral If-ncthp out of it during the early
': ■•. : Stnges of tho running, finished second.
' •";.. Don't Skip Me closed a slight choice
over Free Lady in the betting on the clos
'. . ". ':ing six furlong jaunt. Ryan's mare was
'■ " first and. never headed, led Prince
•."• -Tyrant out a length.
Track Notes.
E J. nrvi O. W. Boesecke, owners' of Caspar,
' \> t! -;r h rs^ fr'.m the
- were of the opinion that in
! not been "meant." A <lrr>p
might also cause Sly to run
• •■■ c r I^uis turfman, accnm
. Cllins. the widely known
f that rity, departed for
: ist r.ig-ht. Both made many
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Fr day. Dec. 6, 1899.— Thirty-fourth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track hor.vy.
J." A. MURPHY, Prenidin? Judge. JAMES B, FERGUSON, Starter.
I
,7^ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
1
H arse. Age. We! R ht St
4m.
%m.
Str.
•ysa" : :s:<M Caspar. 6 100 7 ... SH 3h 31 lu, ißomero .. :30 60
:,:;-•■:-■••. <*■ Kybaris. 4 1061 1 ... 12 2 4 2H 2 2 iThorpV ! 1 45
.;■. \r-\m Little TG. 4 95 3 ■■■ ** H ll 3 2 Hal i:rown.:.[ 20 50
: ■r> --:4M Cappy. 5 SS 4 ... 3 1 61 4 4 4 1 Homes ' 3 7
•;••.!:■.. -4^- I^dy Ashley, 4 M« ... 9 1 7 4 - 4 Bh IJ. Ward ;10 10
•;• •• 7. 4,17. "ak l.»af. 5 99 5 ... 6 4 4H 6 2 6 2 | W. H Martin 100 40
.;■■• ;:VV4S> Joe Cotton, a 1031 6 ... 5 1 SI 9 1 7 H I Powell •in M
•,:-...;■.:; 54.5. Balllster. 4 91! 9 ... 2h BJ 5 2 Sh" .1 Daly I -0
■;;•. :i ; 4^43 Oracias. 4 90 10 ... 13 10 8h 92 W See 100 100
•••.,V- r4*» Jim fiozeman, 8....107 2 ... 7 1 9 u 10 T 'Power « e
..•.:•••.-/:■ .4". Paul Kruger. 4 10111 ... 12 11 11 n F-i!lohv fi K
•.■..■■,..'.-,.;■ 4*o Edgemount. 6 %12 ... 11 12 12 12 Gray in k
:■■ V.'.-i ■■■41T; Santa Lucia. 5 98!13 ... 10 13 U 13 P. McCarthy! io6 IW
.v::.-.'.,:; •;.- Time— rißVi: H. :504: K, 1:18%. Winner. E. j. and O. W. Boesecke's b. h by imD
■:•■■■:•• ?lr Anirew-Culslne. Good start. Won first three driving ' by lmp>
-•■ ' : " '•■ "■ ■: i." Tl ] or P e trlde the fav-orlte threw the race away. He lost an aore of ground bv a wide
•-. ••'.. .vfTirn into the itretch. Sybaris also pulled up in bad shape. Holmes £ha "rode r»nnv
\ : .'- :.•:;•> Should quit riding. He will lone his star some day. ' Wno roae ( - a PPy.
.■•,.•-'•:.•..•• "I Scratched— >corito 91. Dlablit . 104.
BECOND RACE-Slx furlongs; three-year-old maidens; purse, $300.
•
Weight.
Km.
4m.
*im.
Str.
....■,• ; jnaex. Horse. weight, St.
■.:■ •4:s Wing " 107 B
■:. • ■ •-. 4»l Master Lee 109 7
.-.1--.".*''' Furl a 107 2
••■. ' 429 The Offering 107 1
• ■•,.'. . ; 4dl Onid Garter 109 3
'.' •-• «■'■ The Minister 1121 6
' AST Glengaber 109 1 4
• " ■• "■ ". ' ■'_ . ~ ~. — ~ Z 4 . — ~ — :
%m.
14m.
4 1
7
4. 1
1 4
8 H
r, h
6 y,
*;m.
1 3
4 1
3 2
2 3
6 2
5 h
Str.
11%
4 1
2 h
3 2
8 4
5 h
7
Fin. [ Jockeys.
1 4 |H. Martin....
2 2 |N*. Turner....
3 2 iGray ...
44 IThorpe ....;;;
5h IW. Xarvaez..
810 Ptg»ott
" IH. Shields....
1
E-2
u
i
25
E
6
• •■.,' • : Time :25H; 14. :51: %. 1:1SH. Winner. J. Whltten's br. f hv Dundee T?i»->,f«-ir, '
. - .:.•• (Jood rtart. Won easily. Second and third driving. ' D> Uunde e-Rlghtwlng.
•.' ..:•.' .'.-' .-Wing was best ri.Hen. The Minister was too good to come through t>i» n^j, ».
. ■::■ . .-• short, probably. Furia was carried wire in the »tr»tch. mrougn. The Offering was
■V- 47T. THIRD RACE - Flve 'uriongs; three-year-old colts and geldings; purse. »400.
;".. '.-.lndex. Horse. Weight. St. Mm.
'-"■..'•••.'■'.•(459) Jerry Hunt 122 3
.""• :'• r"4W: Campus 1171 4 ...
■■:: •■'.•■ ■- 468 TJoremuii 117 ; 6
■. "■•466 The 'ter 117' 1
• '■. •■.•;.• The Pride 1191 2
•:■.*. 441 Gin Sling 1141 B
■••'.... ' ;..' Festoso 1221 Left
Weight.
%n.
1 1
2 1
6
5 2
4 1
3 V,
%tn.
%m.
1 3
3 4
E 1
6
ll H
%m.
Ptr.
Str.
1 4
2 1
4 b
5 1
I
3 H
Fi "- ! Jockey*. j
I* !£'«°tt
i H -. Turner....
** IJ. Relff
* V4 IH. Shields....
J * |H. Martin....
6 M. Kelly
10. Wilson....
Fin.
Jockeym.
1
4
15
4
2
30
B0
3-3
9
15
7
6
100
40
; ' ' ■ — . _ '"• " • i—Jll I oil 4(J
Tlme-%. :13: H. :S7: H, 1:03. Winner. B. Schreiber's b. c. by Servlt o rinn>w.»^ —^
start. Won easily. Second and third driving. . op r\it., -innocence. Good
.:... •• Jerry is quite a horne In muddy traveling. With a stronp-er bov un rv,~ ~,
{.• .••.-. ha.ve.been dangerous. The Fretter was out for his health. The PrM« Iri Uor . 8 would
*** not Quite ready-. Gin Sling should have been second. Kelly iicriinMed the eg C gs ' ba'd'l v'
■4TB F " IRTH R ACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
■ .
.
.'lndex. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
.Tivkeys.
(466) Miss Marlon 108 2
tSS I,lm» water 110 1
f441) El Estro v<4' ?,
1 1
1 I
2 2
3
1 4
2 3
3
1 8
2 6
3
iThorpo .
Piston —:::■'
-JlLJWartln....;
1-2
4
2
8
7-
TJnw M. «: V :«%; \. ITS. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. f. bj .""~\ ~
Poor start. on easily. Semnd and third drlvin" "'"Jar-imp. Astolat.
Miss Marlon enjoy-d a skylark. El Estro failed to display that electric v,
cpeea. ' tic^-i.ric Durst 01
"-"• X-
-479. FIFTH RACE - Seve n furlongs; selling; f our-year-olds^nTu^wlr d .
jnaex Horse. Age. weignt. (St.
434 Sly. E 108; 1
M34) Dunols. 5 112 B
3;« Lord Marmton, 4... 110 3
444 Guilder. 4 1 '1 8
457 None Purh. 4 ir>i 6
<47") Horatio, B 11" 4
473 Colonial Dame, 4... 991 7
Index Horse. Age. Weighty
Km.
23
S 2
1 2
4 4
64
3 4
7
Hm.
2 1
4 2
1 2
E 1
6 6
3 IV4
%m.
2 2
4 2
1 6
« 10
64
3 IVi
%m.
Ptr.
Str.
84
4 2
1 3
6 4
6 4 •
1 1
7
Fin, j Jockeys.
11 N. Turnor
2 Hi H. Martin/.;;;
8 4 Thorpp
4 4 McNlchois'""
elo Kg
7 U. Daly...;""
8
7-i
B-S
M
BO
R
40
:)z „ ■ Tim«'-H. :13; %, :37: % 1:03; ?*. 1:30. Winner. Lessen Stable'g b. m bTll^ri 7
r, ; 13 \> :^:>v 1:03: *■ 1:W - "Winner, Laisen Stable-» b. m. by jusin. a T
11.. Fair start. Won first three driving. * «acin*>-Aurel
Sly came back from the grave to win. The mare likes a fat price. Dunof, =•,« v .
. by the start. He was In receipt of no courtesies at the post. Lord Marmion i™«rf b ?£ t(
hammock at the end. Horatio sulked. m ™ longed for
. Scratched— Magnus 101, Alicia 105, Durward 104. Imperious 101. Elldad IV!.
480» SIXTH HACE ~ Bix furlongs; selling: four-year-old* and upward; purse7s3so7
Influx Horse. Age. 'Weight. St.
Km.
.Influx Horse. Age. Weight. [St. % m . 4m. %m. Str. Fin. f Jockeys. Op. cl'
.-..•V : 43S Don't Skip Me. 5...104i"l ... i l 1 IV4 1u . 11 IH Martin I', ':
■ : :V,.439 Prince Tyrant, *.... 96 5 ... Bl 4l' su 2 u Grav *' " 3 U i
...■•• 412 Castake 4... 100 3 ... 31 3 H 4 ? 3 1 L^oweli! i§ g
-■■, : -«B Free Lady, 4 101 4 ... 41 2 1 2 4 42 McXiohoU "6 ™ 5
.. •-,•.374 New Moon. ......... S2 8 ... 64 C2 5 1 5 4 1.1. Reiff. >6 if
:;••• 400 Frank Jaubert "-$2 -• £„ V 7 6 W.H.Martin 2 M
■■■••.•■■ «» %-fe"B::::::::::S6JS jx 2^_jj 8 h 725 Holmes... 30 %
, 4CS Fig Leaf. E 96 2 ... 2 H 54 6h 8 W00d5......;; e g
' ••"■ Goor™a7t 'Won^ rg ftnr^driv f Winner, J. Whl en b. m. . by A Fam ' W - Lady
. . Good start. Won first three driving. * ua -
'..V • Don't Skip Me was away flying. Martin controlled the entire stretch In the sail home
... ... Woods, on Fl* Leaf let his pipe go out while the mare was Just romping, lie "'ill cease
Y • **> b« a. mystery ere long. Free Lady received no favors to-day.
4m.
•im.
Str.
3-2
6
10
6-5
10
12
M
6
friends while here, and will be heartily wel
come should they again pay California a visit.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race-TrSve furlongs; maiden three-year
olds; selling.
... The Wooer US 451 St. Kristine 102
463 Peach Blossom.. 99 451 Flero 113
397 Racivan 89 477 Gin Sling 11« i
Second Race— furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward.
... Semper 1^e0n.... 961 434 Howard ..1W
446 Dr. Sheppard....ll7 ; 469 Baliverso 11l
459 Polka M (471)Rey Hooker 90
463 La Parasseuse.. 94 455 Jingle Jingle.... 94
452 Etta H 112 474 Ricardo 114
335 Henry C 114 478 Limewater 83
Third Race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds. ,
465 lee Drop 95 j 465 Loch Katrine... 98
(465)Te110w Tall 108 ... Bernardetta ....105
465 Innovator 98 465 The Buffoon 95
453 March Seven.... 99!
Fourth Race— and an eighth miles; handi
cap; four-year-olds and upward.
473 Dr. Bernays r '2' 473 Myth „ M
454 Morlnel 108 i (464)Oreyhurst 90
<173)Mair.ie G 95 \ 461 Frohman 90
Fifth Race — Futurity course; handicap; three
year-olds and upward.
■■■•'■ Abuse 122|(466)Genua 90
(465) Mainstay 105 458 Clarando 90
401 Morlnga 114 1
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; selling:; four
yenr-olds and upward.
(452) Highland 8a11. .107 443 G. H. Ketcham. 96
479 Dunois 104 (486) 5a0 Venado 107
462 O'Connell no 443 Hugh Penny. ...107
431 Imperious 92
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Racivan, St. Kristine, Peach
Blossom.
Second Race — Dr. Sheppard, Rey Hooker,
Etta H.
Third Race— Yellow Tail, Loch Katrine, Inno
vator.
Fourth Greyhurst, Morinel. Mamie O.
Fifth Race— Genua, Mainstay.
Sixth Race— San Venado, Dunois, Hugh
Penny.
Tommy Burns' Reckless Riding.
NEW ORI,KAN'S. Jan. 6— Weather threat
ening: track heavy. Results:
One milp. Belling— Anltra won. Sea Robber
second. Morning third. Time, I:4S.
Seven furlongs— Our Clara won, Tortugas
second, Castln third. Time. l:34Vj.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Jackanapes
won. Gun Metal second, Friskal third. Time,
l:sstf.
Seven furlongs, selling— Red Skin won, Gov
ernor Boyd second, Dousterswivel third. Time,
1:32«4.
One mile — Official won. Henry of Franstamar
second. Nancle Davis third. Time. I:4T : j.
Tommy Burns was fined Jl'X 1 by the stewards
for his reckless riding on Tortugas in the sec
ond race, which endangered the life of O'Con
nor, who had the mount on Our Clara.
COULD NOT BE SHIPPED.
Major Long Tells Why Christmas
Gifts Did Not Get to Manila.
A story comes from Pittsburg to the
effect that boxes of Christmas goods
shipped to the soldiers at Manila on No
vember 1 never reached their destination,
but are stored in a warehouse in this city.
The statement is denied emphatically
by Quartermaster Long. He says that
all goods which arrived prior to the sail
ing of the St. Paul, on November IS, went
aboard that vessel. Every package, small
or large, was taken away. Since that
time, however, a number of packages r.d
dressed to soldiers have been received,
but as no vessel has sailed from that date
they are still stored in the warehouse.
The"y will be forwarded to Manila at the
earliest opportunity.
The First Bomb Fired
In the Furniture War. See to-morrow's
Call. *
Two Bodies Recovered.
The bodies of Guisseppe Cannezaro and
Gaetano Balestrere were brought to the
Morgue yesterday after being recovered
mirgiip yesterday after being recovered
from the bay. Tney aro the two fisher
men who were drowned off Alameda
about a month ago during a severe gale.
They were identified by Joe Tereal, who
recovered their boal shortly after they
were drowned. Balestrere lived with Te
r. si at '■"<'■' Battery street, and leaves a
family. Canneczaro lived in Vallejo.
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three others. Try it. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
SPRANG A LEAK IN A SOUTHEASTER.
THE American ship Wachusett that put in here in distress last
Wednesday is in more trouble. She was leaking, but not badly,
so the underwriters ordered a windmill and an extra donkey en
gine put aboard, after whiob. Captain Davidson was to proceed on his
voyage. The men, however, had received an advance of $30 apiece at
Port Blakeley, only $10 of which they had earned, so they considered
the vessel unseaworthy and refused to go to sea in her. The Wachu
sett is now only leaking at the rate of three inches an hour.
THE CREWS OF
TWO VESSELS
MAKE TROUBLE
Men on the Wachu
sett Refuse Duty.
■
TORPEDO BOAT DAVIS ARRIVES
DETAINED IN TILLAMOOK BY
A BREAKING BAR.
Ship Shenandoah on Fire Again— A
Butcher From Geyserville Ar
rested for Felony i.m
bezzlemen...
The American ship Wachusett will pro
ceed on her way to Sydney. N. S. \\.>
without discharging her cargo of lum
ber or going on the drydock. The crew
is raising a howl over this fact, and the
chances are that ten new men will have
to be secured for the forecastle before
the ship can go to sea.
The Wachusett sailed from Port Blake
ley on December 23 for Sydney with
1 028 130 feet of lumber aboard. When ten
mile's south of Flattery a southeaster was
run into and the ship sprang a leak. The
pumps were kept going, but still the leak
took in water at the rate of six inches an
hour When Captain Davidson found
himself off the Golden Gate he put in
here for repairs. The underwriters looked
over the vessel and ordered another don
key engine and a windmill put aboard,
and this is now being done. With those
in working order the insurance people
consider the Wachusett perfectly safe for
the voyage, while the owners are so sat
isfied with her present condition that they
have not a cent of insurance on the hull.
Not so with the crew, however. The
sailors assert that the Wachusett is not
seaworthy, and that if they are com
pelled to go to sea in her they will be
taken in irons. When the men were
shipped in Port Blakeley they were given
a S3U advance for the voyage to Sydney.
They have worked out about $10 of that
sum and if they desert the ship now the
o^ers will be out about $200. it will,
therefore be seen that there is something
mure than the condition of the Wachu
s.-tt b.hind the seamen's desire to leave
her If they got away Irom her here
there H the chance of shipping over again
on another vessel and thus securing an
other $»' advance all Inside of twenty
Captain Chapman of the British ship
Lancing is also having trouble with his
crew The vessel arrived here on Decem
ber 2 from Swansea with a load of coal.
Nearly all the men who came out from
England deserted here, and when the- ship
was chartered to carry coal from Depar
ture Bay to this port a new crew had to
be shipped. These men at once began
making trouble. They objected to the
food, to the way in which it was prepared
and also to the way in which it was
served and lastly to the pots and pans
in which it was cooked. Captain Chap
man knew there could be no fault found
with the food, as it had been passed by
the Board of Trade, but in order to pre
serve peace on the ship he sent the third
mate ashore and procured an extra sup
ply of pots and pans. The Lancing goes
to sea to-day, and the captain is likely to
discover a few mpre idiocyncracies in his
crew before he gets back again.
The American ship Shenandoah was on
fire again yesterday. Luckily very little
damage was done. It will be remembered
that the vessel's cargo of coal was tin flre
several times, and after she was dis
charged the lining of the hold was found
to be considerably damaged. Carpenters
were at work repairing the vessel, and of
course a large quantity of shavings ac
cumulated in the forehold. Some one
dropped a match into these and the re
sult was a flare-up that gave everybody
on the ship a great scare. A bucket
brigade was formed and the flre was put
out in a few minutes.
The United States torpedo boat Davis
arrived from Astoria via Tillamook yes
terday. She was built at Portland, Or.,
for the United States Government and on
her trial trip made twenty-two and a half
knots an hour. While lying at the wharf
at Astoria one of the steam pipes burst
and several of the crew were scalded to
death. The Davis left the Columbia
River on December 24 In charge of Cap
tain Thomas Neal. Off Tillamook there
was every sign of a storm, so it was de
cided to put in there. Once in it was im
possible to get out again until last Thurs
day morning, when the bar was in con
dition to cross. Captain J. A. Richard
son took the torpedo boat out and In
company with Captain Neal brought her
to San Francisco. The run down was
made at the rate of from six to ten knots
an hour. No creater speed was attempt-
Ed on account of the weather. The Davis
proved herself to be a first-class sea boat.
From here she went to Mare Isfand and
will at once be turned over to the Govern
ment.
When the Davis left Tillamook the
steam schooner Coquille River was down
at the bar waiting a chance to get out.
She was scheduled to arrive here last
Monday and some uneasiness was felt
over her non-arrival. Captain Richardson
says the Coqullle River was to sail Thurs
day night, hut the chances were against
her getting out owing to the state of the
bar.
'■.iptain Brown of the Willie R. Hume
took command of the ship St. Nicholas
yesterday, succeeding Captain Grant, who
has decided to remain ashore for a time.
John Hanley of Geyserville was arrfst
ed at the ferries by Sergeant Tom Maho
oey on a chargo of felony embezzlement
yesterday. Hanley is a butcher and got
into trouble over the sale of some hogs.
H«- left for this city with the money in
dispute and the Sheriff of Sonoma Coun
ty telegraphed to Chief of Police Lees to
have him arrested. He was locked up in
Harbor Police station and will be turned
over to the Sheriff on his arrival here to
day.
R. J. Bohue, a saloon-keeper at the cor
ner of Davis and Clay streets, had a tale
Of woe to tell Captain Dunlevy at the
Harbor police station yesterday. When he
left his place of business at 11 o'clock
Thursday night he had a bunch of keys
and $350 in gold coin in his trousers pock
et. He took a room at 80 Jackson street
and went to sleep. In the morning at
4:30 o'clock he saw a man leaving the
room with his trousers in his hand. He
raised an outcry, but the man got away.
The police .ir^ investigating the matter,
but so far h;tve found no trace of the
thief or the trousers.
THERE WILL BE
GOOD COURSING
PROSPECT OF A DAY'S SPORT AT
INGLESIDE.
Dogs That Are Well Matched Prom
ise a Lively and a Long
Stake Run.
Weather permitting there will assuredly
be a large and enthusiastic crowd at In
gleside Coursing Park to-day, and why
not?
Seldom have the patrons of the leash
seen such a brilliant card as that which
the Ingleside management has arranged
for the meeting- of to-day and to-morrow.
A glance at the coursing bill of fare
should certainly satisfy the most exact
ing leashman that unless something very
unforeseen sHoui i happen each race or
course should be close and exciting.
The drawing of last Thursday evening
was a success beyond a doubt, simply be
cause the high class dogs— bread win
ners—by a peculiar stroke of good for
tune on the part of the gentlemen wno
handled the hat, were drawn to meet in
the slips in the run down of the big
stake.
Mr. Curtis of San Jose and other prom
inent coursing men who had strayed away
from the old to the new, have returned
to their first love and in future their dogs
will be seen flying- over the emerald car
pet of Ingleside Park.
Tom McHugh, the popular and obliging
field steward, says that if the leashmen
who own first-class dogs wfll continue to
i insist upon having their charges entered
: at each meeting something must be done
I in the way of starting the game at a very
1 early hour, otherwise it will be impossi
ble to finish the rundown in one day.
The park managers would also greatly
convenience the betting public by adding
! a few more pool-boxes to the number they
! are now running. .Last Sunday the bet
ting was so brisk that the people crowd
■ i cli other in their attempt to get
within arm range of the pool-sellers, who
were kept on the jump from the start to
the finish of the meeting taking in and
paying out coin.
Eighty dogs, the pick of the local ken
nels, will cut a dash this afternoon, and
any person who has a predilection for the
sport should certainly strain a point and
witness the rundown or this stupendous
stake, as it will certainly be an event
worth going a long distance to witness.
The big blackboard which" was recently
placed in full view of the spectators is
quite a feature of interest, as the names
of the dogs going to the slips and the
scores made by the runners appear on
the board immediately after each race
Other parks may possibly follow Ingle
slde's latest hit— that is. provided tne
judges of coursing meetings can five
the points made in each course with
an accurate description of how the points
were made if asked to do so by any per
son who having dogs entered may 'desire
information on that score.
ST7ICIDE OF A CHINESE.
Chin Lum Became Despondent and
Hanged Himself to a Stairway.
Chin Lum, a Chinese cook, was found
hanging in the basement of the building
May Bring Leprosy to This Country.
It is pointed out that the United States sol
diers in Hawaii may contract leprosy there,
and bring it to this country when they return.
While leprosy is much to be dreaded, there
are a thousand times as many victims to stom
ach disorders and blood diseases, but there is
a cure for them in Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Other common ailments that the Bitters are a
specific for are malaria, fever and ague. Bold
at all drug stores.
at 754 Washington street at about 9
o'clock last night. The body was cold
and stiff, and evidently had been dead
for some hours. A suicide in Chinatown
is a very unusual occurrence. If Chinese
ever do become despondent, as a rule they
wait for the joss to take them in his own
way. Chin Lum was an exception, how
ever. He has been out of work for some
time. Two days ago he was seen alive
for the last time.
Last night Sergeant McManus was
prowling around in the cellars, and he
round the dead body of Chin Lum. It was
hanging to a stairway in the back cellar
of the building. The Chinaman had evi
dently attempted suicide by another
means, as an open knife lay on a table
near the body, and there was a small
wound in the throat. The body was taken
to the Morgue.
MTARLAND AND
MICHAEL MATCHED
TWO GREAT CYCLERS WILL
RACE HERE SOON.
Champion Eddie Bald Again in Cali
fornia — Association Meeting
To-Night.
The opening night of the big indoor
cycling tournament at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion on Saturday evening, February 11,
will witness one of the greatest match
races ever seen In California. Jimmy
Michael, "the Welsh wonder," champion
middle distance rider of the world, will
ride against Floyd McFarland of San
Jose, the champion short distance handi
cap rider of the world. The race will be
at fifteen miles, paced, each man to fur
nish his own pacing teams.
Michael and McFarland have met once
before, in a ten-mile match in the East,
Michael winning. The Welshman is ex
pected her in about two weeks, and Mc-
Farland, who is now at his home in San
Jose, will commence training for the event
at once.
Eddie Bald, who has been the champion
of the United States for short distances
ever since 1895. is again with us. Bald ar
rived in Southern California a few days
ago, In company with Tod Sloan, the
noted jockey, and they are now duck
hunting in the vicinity of Bakerstteld.
They will be in town in less than a week.
Bald has been here twice before— in 1595
and 1896— but has never performed in San
Francisco, although he established sev
eral records at San Jose. He will ride
here this time, as he comes to contest in
the indoor tournament.
The contract for building the track in
the Pavilion upon which these great men
wil race here has been let' to Frank D.
Ellwell, who is experienced in cycle track
construction. It will be of boards, eight
laps to the mile, averaging sixteen feet in
width, and banked nine feet high on the
turns.
The six-day riders will leave New York
next Monday for this city, and should be
here about five or six days thereafter.
The middle and short distance men will
come with or follow them.
The board of Governors of the Associ
ated Cycling Clubs will meet to-night at
room 562, Parrott building. Some im
portant amendments to the constitution
will come up for discussion, and the pol
icy of the new president, Paul M. Nippi it,
will be outlined.
If rain does not again postpone it, the
Garden City Wheelmen will hold-their big
meet to-morrow at San Jose, which had to
be put off from New Year's day. The
rains having put the roads in a rather
muddy condition, the clubs from this city
will not go down awheel, but will take the
9 a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
The lists for the San Jose races to
morrow have been reopened. The addi
tional entries receivfd include V. A. Cur
lin and E. B. Wastle of Garden City
Wheelmen, Ivan Tr^adwell, Charles Rue
ser, D. C. Sylvester and Arthur David
son of Bay City Wheelmen.
Young Potter Files Suit.
Jesse Sheldon Lux Potter, by his guard
ian, Mrs. M. Potter, filed suit yesterday
against Thomas B. Bishop and Azeo N.
Lewis, trustees of a trust estate estab
lished by the will of the late Miranda
\V. Lux. of which plaintiff is the bene
ficiary, to recover $10,000 for moneys spent
for the maintenance and education of
young Potter. The plaintiff also asks for
a decree directing the trustees to pay him
a sufficient sum for bis future mainte
nance and education.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOPE FOR MEN
I NERVOUS I LOST \
I DEBILITY I VITALITY I
I CAN BE : CAN BE ♦
I CURED. ;! RESTORED. I
o n ♦
♦ <n®^ ;; <\£N ♦
o o
o Until DR. MEYERS & CO. entered ♦
4 the field as specialists for all diseases O
0 and weaknesses of men in ISBI those 4
1 who were afflicted with these ailments o
I were unable to find anything but tern- .
porary relief, and In many Instances '
♦ even a lull of their suffering, dangers "
0 and embarrassments was not afforded t
4 them. °
i^Sgggj^^jjgS^SE^k have made .a ♦
1 fSN3fSS i Nig»^ E «li3 life-long study O
oS£^ir °^ these trou- 4
bles " Every o
0 f?Ss£# -fliSO- jfiJßnt their staff Is a o
♦ \^%r graduate from ♦
♦ v »iB \^J^'' P^'scLol/Vf a
o \\ milt / medicines in q
■^iite^' tne wor '^ ; a " *
♦ -^-'tMI '<M^t!^** > wlth'^'natu'ral
o "^ Iff^N 1 1 -^p^BS^^^ is undertaken, ♦
♦ DR. 6 MET- . ?
o ERS & CO. do not simply treat but "
♦ they CURE — make robust men out of °
O physical wrecks, ' and give new vim, 4
a hope and ambition. o
° WO FAY TILL CURED o
q BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE. *
♦ PUT THE MONET IN BANK.— Pa- 4
o tients who have the least doubt about \
4 being cured may deposit the price of a I
o cure In any bank or with any well- ?
4 known business house or newspaper in *
0 San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be °
4 paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa- ♦
0 tlent is convinced that he is perma- °
1 nently cured. 4
o If patients prefer they may take th« o
4 treatment on the Installment plan, or 4
!: they may pay the entire price for a cur* o
"f direct to the doctors and thus obtain a 4
? liberal discount. o
9 Prices reasonable In all cases, whether a
♦ rich or poor. '
o All cures as lasting as life. X
i DR. MEYERS & CO. i
5 731 Market St., S. F. ♦
o ' Hours, Sto 5 daily. °
4 Take Elevator. Evenings, 7 to 8 . ♦
0 . Sundays, 9 to 11. 0
4 ♦
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South M.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COK3.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEAJL.E BT3.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MilinJ^ - * KEABST ST - E.-tnbllshed
Hri Pssffl In 1554 for the treatment of Prjvato
IsllMk'^v! r> l * PM<>R ' Lost Manhood. Debility or
MWRBa disease wearing on bodyandmlndana
£SSHKft»9 Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcnreswhen
ntlinrsfail. Try him. ChargCK low
JnttK&KdDl Cnreasuarantrrd. Callorwrite.
. »r. J. 1 . UIBBOXi Box lW7,Sanf iimcf*ja
— , i — — — i — . « *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^
"Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE lrADTrtfQl FORHEADACHE - see
JLL uAKI IKo for dizziness. 3£E
GENUINE if |Ver fo O r?cr pS S r. GENUINE
I pi I t"S FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR M^Jm ' for SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
NnAiTEtt [gi«i FOR THE COMPLEXION > Y KAiTtK
P . I GILXX'EVE MUST HAVE SIGNATURE.
25 Cents I Purely VeffetaMe./£%Vr^2^w»£
"iPIRinSTTEID OIST RED PAPER."
BATL3CAP TRAVEL.
riii.K.x I*AtII'IC ('O.IU'A.\X.
(PACIFIC UVHTKM.)
Train* !«•»>«• unit me ilii<> lu itrrlie nt
NAN UUSidMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Deo. 18. IS3B. — arrive
*6:00a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *«:-lr>A
7:OOa. Beuicta, Suisun aud Sacramento.... .">:-I3p
7:OOa Marys ville, OrovUleautl Holding via
Woodland 5:4.-ip
7:00 A Euuira, VaoaTllle and Uuinscy ' 8:43p
7:110 a. Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nai>a,
Caliitoga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
■ :OOa Atlantic Kxiire.sg, Ogileii and Kant.. 8:13p
■ :110a .S»ii .lose, LlTerinore, Slnci.toii,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrille,
M»ry»»ill«-, Chico, lte>l Itlult 4il.1i-
»::»0a •Milton, O&kdale and Jamestown... 4:15p
B:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced nod Fresno 12:15p
DiOOa Krrai.i., Hakorsiii-1.'.. "Santa llarliara,
Los Angeles. Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 0:45 p
IO:OOa Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
1V:00m Nil' 9. Llvermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalia,
rcrteiTille .- 4:inp
■l:OOp Bneramento Hiver Steiniura "!n«llr
4iOOt> Martinez, Halt lUinot:, Vallejo,
Nap*, t'aliBt.nK». Santa Uosa U:ll>a
4tOOp Uenicia, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knighta Landing,
Marysville, ()ro»illc 10:45a
4i3»p Nilea, San Jose and Stockton 7:l."»r
5:001- San Francisco and Lob Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Lob
Angeles 0:45 a
8:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13?
S:UOp Martinez, Tracy, y»ndota, Fresno,
Mnjave, Santa i.Hrbara and J.oB
AliKelts S:4»A
. I5:00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §9:4J5A
B:3np Santa Fe Ttonle, Atlimllu Kxprcßs
for Mojave and Kast 0:45p
6:00p |-.uropean Mall, Ogilon aud Kaut.... »i4sa
6:00p Hoywarda, Nilts and San Jose 7:45a
•6:00 1- Vallej( I8:l.1p
t~iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jo:4sp
8:00 r Oregon Macrninentii, Marys-
vlljf. KcMinic, l'urtlantl, I'uget
.Sound unil Kut 8il»*
«10:01p Sunset Limited. Fresno. I.o*
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kast . . A h\ :4.1p
SAX LKA.NIHtO ANI» H4YtYAItI»S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
' .Mtlrosc, Seminar; I'nrk, (
8:00a r'llclilmnr. KlniinirHt, 6:45a
«U:OOa San i.rniKlrii. Sonlli San («(l:|r>A
lO.OOa I.randro. Kotii.lillo, IO:15a
• 11:00a Lorenzo. Cherry 12:15p
3:flOp anil il:4sp
*}«** Ilnjnar.l^. '*'***•
7:00p 4 Ruul througll to N ,i M ' :43P
) I From Nlleg. { '
COAST I>IVIS|O.N (NarroiT Wmige). "
(Foot Ol Market Street.)
8: ISa Newark. San Jone.Kelton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Orur and Way
Stations .1:3O»
*2:ISp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Fefton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* MO:SOa
4:15p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... «:20a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations {7:20f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mNCISCO—Foot of Virktt Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 U:OIIa.M. 11:00 *2:CO 13:50
♦1:00 19:00 •6:30f.M.
Trim OAIUXD— FooI or Broadw.r.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00a.M.
112:00 «l:00 12:03 ' *3:53 14:30 -S:00i-.M.
COAST DIVISION iKroail Hnuge).
(Third and Townsenil St9.)
7:OOa San .lose and \Vny BUtluus (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) l:30r
9:O0a Sun .]c«j, Trai I'likis, Siinta Cruz,
Pacllio I. r,.ve. Pas.. Uubles, Hail
Liilh iili!s[hi. Qiwdalape, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10l-
IO:4Oa Sun .limw hiiil Way Stutlond »S:OOa
UtSOA Saa Joee ami Way Stations 8:35*
a )t:43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Qilroy, Uoliister, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey ami TaciUe
(Jrnve "10:38a
•riirjOp San Jose and Way Stations *U:«Oa
•l:1.1i- San .lose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43a
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations C::l3a
3t»or San Jose Principal Way Stations 3:30p
«:«Oi- San Jose anil Way Stations 7»30p
t11:43p San -lose and Way Stations 7::tOP
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
* Hiin.iays pxcepteii. * Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
•^Mondays and Thursdays. aTuesdayg and Saturdays.
and Wednesdays. bThursdavg and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
- SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11.00 a. m. ; 12.35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and ii:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— October 16, •
Week Sun- IS9S. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oarrj Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pn» Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
i | Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
B:3Cpm S:onam Cloverdale. 7:35 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma 10:40am B:4oam
and
E:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sebastopol. 10:40am 10:25 am
3:3opm s:Copm[ 7:35 pm 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal, Willitts. Laytonville, Cum-
mtng b. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
" Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bide.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed.' Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam 10:30am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4 pm
11:40 am 5:30 pm ' Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:38pm 7:45pm , Hanford 7:45 am! I:3spm
B:2opm 12:30am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
32:58 8:50 pm Visalla 6:4o ami I:lspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
wSrcaESLOOWlear
RAJ.LKOA7J TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday — Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FHAHCISCQ TICKETTFHCE— iZB MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DATS— »7:2O, *9'M, 11:00 a. m. • •1:43.
| 1:45, 6:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
| EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
i Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— 'SiOO, '10:00. »ll:30 a. m. ; 1:15.
8:00, *4:30, 6.15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:45, »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
| EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
! and Saturdays at 6:49 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •sm »10:00, *11:55 a. m.;
j •1:15, «3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked ♦ start from San Quentln.
i FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.
j 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
! and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:0j a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
: 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN3.
! 7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way Bta'na.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays — Duncan \nlls and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
; Sept. 11. 1S98:
Week Days — a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:16 p. m.
i Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. >
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
: street, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tefc^^ Steamers leave Broadway
lvK^3*«w wharf, San Francisco:
; wT^ffl^*vSi«^. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
: i QP^3f3i* Jan - 1 > 6 - n - 16 - 21 ' 26, 31;
i EmJ9h^&l Feb - 5: char -ee at Seattle.
1 m»§Sr*o«?**l For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
liSaj*2«s*6:fii C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
• "HBSMI Taeoma, Everett, AnacnrtPS
SM^i and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21.
I 26 31 Feb 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
i change at Seattle to this company's steamers
i for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Taeoma to N. P.
Ry.. at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
i For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m., Jan. 4.
' 9. 14, 19, 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
i thereafter.
: For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
I Cayueos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
I San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Jan. 4, 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28,
Feb. 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
| For San Diego, stopping enly at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
! m., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22. 26, 30. Feb. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas tMex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change.
! without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
! and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. '
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
i PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
[inr SI 2 First Class Including Berths
rHnL S>B Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 1?.. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, IS, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte, ;
Helena and all points in the Northwest. 1
! Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
C3O Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-:
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
j connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 23
I AMERICA MAP.i: ..Tuesday, Feb. 25
HONGKONG MART Friday. March IT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
r freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent. ;
: Gompagnie Generale>Transatlantique.
7 (French Line)
! DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^a^ '
i (FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rf^-f j^pfs '
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan. 21.
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 2S
LA GASCOGNE Feb. 4|
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11
First class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per
! cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, ?45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
j J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents.'Th
Montgomery ave., San Francisco.
.^££&i&^$ B 2!3&£i!2P s - s - Australia
rfl&'l^NtillsSSafitrSl&f Falls for Honolulu.
Sfj»?«?» & Wednesday, January
fßMngllfl üB. ISS9 AUSTRALIA
iiilllllL " l; " for Honolulu
iv^naiaw Wednesday, January,
|J 11. 1539. at 2 p. m.
rtlcdfßSnD c - POSA salls vla H °-™-
-i&gS&gr lulu and Auckland for
SSg*^ • (OfllßjQltH* Sydney Wednesday,
«>> *>Ji"t"" w: » jan. 25. at 10 p. m. ;
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPB
; TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
. ■": Freight Office— Market st . San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS. j
~FOB uTsTNAYY-YAfID AND '~YALLEfif~
Steamer "Monticello." j
: Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat „ j
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Friday* 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays.... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pltr 2. ,
j telephone Mala ISO-
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REMNANT OF
POPULISTS TO
TAKE ACTION
Will Organize Upon
New Basis,
RESIGNATIONS ARE IN ORDER
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE TAKES THE
INITIATIVE.
Single Taxers Issue a Circular Ask
ing for Opportunities to Explain
; the Merits of Their
System.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'908 Broadway, Jan. 6.
• The Populists are not all dead. It Is
true : 'that a majority of them— a large ma
jority—has become either Republican or
socialist, but there are enough left to
harbor an ambition that the party name
eh.ill appear on the city ticket.
A -mass meeting, at which there was
more mating than mass, was held, to
•which all those who wished to attend
were" welcome.
. As soon as . the meeting was called to
order a pall was thrown over the pro
cfcriinKS by the receipt of the resignation
of Chairman C. T. Johns, who resigned as
president of the Populist City Committee
come- time ago, and who has since boasted
that he was an ardent supporter of the
.Ifcep.Ubliean ticket last November. Judge
Lucas called the meeting to order and an
nounced that plans would be considered
to.be adopted by the party during the
tiamapig.n. L. Barkman, W. F. Bliss, Dr.
K. Hesse, J. Hennessey, A. Hoernisch, E.
.A.' Moody and Adna A. Dennison were
present. Following the resignation of the
chairman, Mr. Dennison resigned as com
xnittceman of the Fourth \\ ard, explain
ing -V nat his duties as a newspaper man
made it Inexpedient for him to take an
active part in the campaign.
■ ;, : Mr:- Hennessey called attention to the
fact that Populists, after having been
ejected- to office, were Populists no longer,
He referred to ex-Mayor Davie, Council
man '.'G-irard and others as examples of
the effect of office-holding upon Populists.
Ova-He's E. Gardner, another Populist of
fice-holder, now a Republican, was also
.mentioned,- while some one else called
attention to the fact that ex-Sheriff
"White and ex-Treasurer Sanford had not
Bhoicn such interest in Populism as they
diet, four years ago.
■r-lt \ya* iinally decided to form ward
clubs ' and stand on a strict party plat
form', which will probably include a plank
providing for selling the City Hall Park
sftev.buying another one and spending the
surplus in ' establishing a city water
works: • '.'
; The 1 Democrats have not yet done any
thing in the city campaign, and no meet
ing- has yet been called of the City Com
mittee. :"
Th'<?> Municipal League is holding
■weekly: meetings and arranging for its
convention, which will be held either late
this .month or early in February. The
executive committee has determined to
be the first to make nominations, and the
regular parties appear to be quite willing
to let the league take the initiative, as
it will in a measure make their respective
campaigns less foggy.
The. single tax advocates of this county
have' issued a circular in which Secretary
Prebl« «ay»: "I am authorized by the
members of the Alameda County Single
Tax' Society to solicit opportunities from
church, , literary and debating societies,
friendly orders, -labor unions, political
clubs' and other associations for lectures
or debates on some phase of taxation re
form."
A list Of the various phases of the sin
gle tax Question Is submitted, from which
any organization may choose should it
desire to accept the invitation.
READ IS INDORSED.
Printers Anxious That He Be Made
Labor Commissioner.
; .OAKLAND, Jan. o.— At the last regular
meeting- of Oakland Typographical Union
the following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
I -"VVnereas, reliable information has been re
celvort -.that Hon. Henry T. Gage, Governor
. el«ct of the State of California, has expressed
his 'purpose. , of appointing to the office of Labor
Commissioner of this State a man who is rep
resentative of labor; and,
WWrMiii, the name of A. J. Read has been
submitted to Governor Gage by friends of the
;flrBV-named gentleman as In every way quail
fled to meet the requirements of the office and
the Idea of the Governor; therefore be It
Resolved. That Oakland Typograhpical Union
Kb. -30 heartl.iy indorse A. J. Read for the of
flee mentioned, and that a certified copy of this
preamble and resolutions be forwarded to said
Governor Gage under the .seal and signatures
of trie president and secretary of No. 35.
Mr. Read also received the indorsement
• of San Jose Typographical Union No. 231
and Santa Rosa Typographical Union .no.
81 at their last meetings.
WRIGHT GOING HOME.
The. • Speaker of the Assembly to '
".';-. V -.Announce His Committees.
"•. CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- 1
MENTO, Jan. C— Speaker Wright will an
nounce the standing committees of the !
Assembly when that body convenes at 9 i
O'clock to-morrow morning, and in the i
evening he will leave for his home in ;
Berkeley for a couple of days of much
needed rest. The 'luildlng of a list of As
sembly committees is no small task at the
easiest-, and this year it has been unusu
ally hard, as the original list had to be |
nearly wholly revised, and as a result
Speaker Wright has been kept hard put to
get his "work behind him and have every i
one satisfied.
He expects to return to the capital In :
time for the session Tuesday morning.
■ rffc ■ 1
For a Public Boulevard.
OAKIvAND, Jan. 6.— The proposition of
a public boulevard was discussed at a
Joint meeting of the park committees of.
the Board of Tra<l>-. Merchants' Kxchange
and Board of Public Works this morning. !
In reference to the drodgings to be taken ;
from I>ako Merritt. Mayor Thomas said '
that it was vi ry desirable to have the i
area between Eighth and Twelfth streets i
filled, and that that waa the understand- i
ing when tbo dredging project ' was con- 1
Bidered. Colonel Edwards and others fa- :
vored putting a bulkhead on the outside >
line, of the boulevard and then lill inside !
of that. He suggested that deeds would ;
be given by private owners, so that the
boulevard would lie made to continue
around the lake. As a result of the meet- i
Ing it was understood that the space be- !
tween Eighth and Twelfth streets is to
be filled in as soon as the Eighth-street
dam is completed.
Not Anxious to Prosecute.
OAKLAND. Jan. 6-Little Miss c.rep
.©ry. daughter of F. J .Gregory, a j.rom-
Jneht Populist politician, appeared at
the Prosecuting Attorney's office to
day and said that her mother tvjis
too sick to appear and swear out
a warrant for Gregorys arrest. Yes
terday Mrs. Gregory went to the City
Hall and told Prosecutor Leach that her
husband was spending his Income on a
•woman other than his wife, and neglect
ing to support his two chluiren. She was
to have returned to-day and sworn to a
complaint charging failure to provide.
Gregory says he and his wire have been
separated for thirteen yean and that
their family relations are no different now
from what they have been for a long nme.
Justice at the Old Stand.
OAKLAND. Jan. 6.-The differences ex
isting between ex-Justice of the Peace
Plift and his successor. Justice James O.
Quinn, over the occupancy of the old
courtroom on the southwest corner of
Eighth street and Broadway have been
adjusted, and Justice will again be doled
ci>t at the old stand.
JUDGE SMITH
TURNS NURSE
IN THE COURT
Could Not Manage a
Witness* Baby.
KRUGER'S METHOD RECOILS
CONVICTED OF CONDUCTING A
SPEAK-EASY.
For a Long Time He Was a Police
Spy Paid to Secure Evidence
Against Other Law-
Breakers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 6.
Kruger Is an example of the evils Into
•which men may fall by association. Two
yean ngo he was a very reliable stool
pigeon for the Police Department. He was j
employed by Chief Lloyd to secure con
victions of people for selling liquor ille
gally at $20 per conviction. Kruger's
methods were not after a while quite so
satisfactory, and people came into court j
and said that Kruger had tried to act as
Judge and jury himself and to try the
lawbreakers on his own account. After
this Kruger's services were dispensed
with.
A few weeks ago License Inspector Ma
loon discovered that Kruger was running
a saloon without a license at Temeseal.*
He was arrested and to-day was on trial.
Many of his neighbors testified that he
Hold them steam beer, and Mrs. Nelson
told of much neighborhood gossip, which,
not bearing upon the case, was ignored
by the Judge.
Maloon put up a very strong case, show
ing that Kruger had for some time sup
plied all the steam his neighbors wanted.
Judge Mortimer Smith is a failure as a
nurse. Although the small father of n
large family he did not demonstrate to
the attorneys and lobby in the Police
Court that he is any better hand at pub
cluing a tumultuous baby than a bachelor
would be.
The Judge's attempt to act as nurse
was occasioned by the behavior of the in
fant brought into court by Mrs. Nelson,
who was a witness in the trial of A. C.
Kruger, charged with supplying Temes
ealians with liquor without having a li
cense. Mrs. Nelson marched on to the
stand armed with her two-year-old child,
and the youngster did all in his power to
prevent the mother's testimony from be
ing heard. The mother, however, was
equal to the occasion, but Prosecuting
Attorney Harry Melvin and modest Juilj:.-
Smith could not hope to make them>
heard, and finally the Judge undertunk
to look after the baby. He made a dire
failure of it, and after about three sec
onds and a half he requested Bailiff
Mitchell to see if there were not some la
dies hanging around the courtroom who
would relieve the court and the mother
temporarily of the responsibility.
The jury" found Kruger guilty, but rec
ommended him to the mercy of the court.
JOB-CHASING IS NOT
CONFINED TO ADULTS
JUVENILE SEXTET THAT CAME
TO GRIEF.
Rode the Brakebeams to Evade Fare
to the Capital and Landed
in Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway. Jan. 6.
The contagiousness of the Sacramento
i job-chasing fever is by no means con- i
i fined to the adept and adult politician, j
' but has broken out In virulent form
among the juvenile element in Oakland. :
Justice of the Peace James Larue of ;
i Brooklyn Township had lined up before ;
■ him to-day six boys— Homer Marshall, ;
Jack Walker, George Colbath, H. Smith,
Frank Carter and Mike Moran— aged from i
9 to 12 years, and all charged with trying '
I to beat the Southern Pacific Company by j
I riding the brakebeams to evade the pay- i
i ment of fares from Oakland to Sacra- |
• mento.
j The boys were arrested near San Lean- !
1 dro last night by Constable Harry Cramer ■
! and his deputy, Jerry Quinlan, and spent '
I the night in jail. They admitted before I
' Justice Larue to-day that they were on \
th>ir way to Sacramento when arrested !
| and that "their purpose was "to see what
I the Legislature was doing and to try to '
I get a job."
Mrs. Carter, tho mother of one of the :
i lads, had already packed her Saratoga, |
: and expected to go to Sacramento to-day
to be near her boy, who seemed to be '
confident of sucess in his job-chasing pur- !
j suit.
The boys claimed that they had heard >
I there were always plenty of juvenile jobs j
! lying around loose during the session of :
' the Legislature. They had evidently never
' heard of the Belahaw law. that cut down ,
and relegated to the shades most of these i
i odd jobs, clerkships, etc.
Justice Larue had compassion on the '
young prisoners and discharged them.
I'arter. Moran and Marshall are the'
leaders of the soxtet. The latter is a
remarkably clover colored boy from New
York. He 'came to Oakland recently with
a theatrical troupe, which stranded and
j cast him out upon his own resources.
Moran is known among tho juvenile ele
ment aa "Fatty Marie." Some time ago
he and several other boys traveled to
Santa Rosa, ostensibly to work in the hop
fields. Instead, some of them played the
1 role of young hoboes, visiting a number of
'■ farmhouses and carrying off personal
I property. They were arrested for bur
' glary, and subsequently Moran's parents
: sued the county authorities for falsely
imprisoning their son.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. .lan. 6.— Professor E. L. Knowl
ton has been elected secretary of the Alameda
County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, vice Mrs. O. M. Sanford, who re
signed, and who contemplates moving out of
this city.
Rev. H. B. Mcßrlde, who died suddenly at
Merced Wednesday last, served six yean as
pastor of the Presbyterian church at Haywards,
\v>iere the funeral services were conducted to
day by the local pastor, assisted by others from
Alameda and Oakland. Hla death comes as
a great shock to his many friends. Deceased
leaves a widow and Bye children.
Mrs. Jlattlc P.artlett, aged 81 years, died to
day from Injuries sustained by a fall while
going upstairs at her hume, 12SG Twenty-third
avenue, a few days ago. Her hip wan frac
tured, and owing to her age her heart became
affected. Dr. N. K. Foster did not sign the
death certificate, hence Coroner M^hrmann
will hold an inquest, the first one since he as
sumed office.
Leah Ellen Stutt has been granted a divorce
from Joseph A. Stutt by JufTire Greene. The
decree, signed to-day, directs defendant to
pay Sift monthly alimony from August 1, IS9S,
$100 counsel fees und $7 M costs. This must
l>e paid within ten days from service of de
cree.
William McCurdy, member of Engine Com
pany No. 2 of the Fire Department, died at the
County Infirmary to-day, a victim of con
sumption.
A Japanese named Koya, residing ot Hny
wards, was examined for Insanity to-day and
committed by Judge Hall to the Stockton
asylum.
Ex-Mayor M. C. Chapman and ex-Justice of
the Peace Cllft have formed a law partner
ship.
Adelphian Club Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 6.— The Adelphian Club
win hold a union meeting to-morrow af
ternoon. An Interesting programme has
been arranged, including several numbers
by an orchestra of mandolins under the
leadership of Mine Boyle, a vocal solo by
Mrs. Charles C. Hughes and a lecture oh
"Textile Fabrics" by Mrs. M. B. Blpley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
WATER RATES
YET ON THE
UP GRADE
Forty-One Per Cent
of an Increase.
SCHEDULE PERHAPS VOID
NOT PASSED ACCORDING TO THE
STATUTE.
Water Question Will Be the Most
Important Issue in the
Coming City Cam
paign.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 6.
As the users of water appear at the
companies' offices to pay their bills they
are daily becoming more impressed with
the extent of the extortionate Woodward
schedule of rates. The latest raise is 41
per cent, and is a fair sample of the rest.
A year ago William Wehr of Piedmont
paid a dollar a month for his house. Last
December his bill was $1 85, yesterday his
January bill was found to be $2 75.
And yet President Dingee of one branch
i of the consolidation and J. H. Watkinson
| of the other branch have both declared
j that they are not charging anything like
I the rates permitted by Councilman Wood
| ward's ordinance.
There is considerable doubt as to the
legality of the manner in which the
Woodward ordinance was passed. The
law distinctly provides that the rate shall
be fixed after taking testimony from the
water companies regarding their original
cost, operating and maintenance expenses.
Last year this was not done. The water
companies did appear before the commit
tee and were closely questioned, but the
report of that committee was thrown
aside entirely and the Woodward ordi
nance was presented and passed without
any testimony being taken. At the time
of its passage City Attorney Dow gave it
as his best opinion, without making a spe
cial study of the case, that such an ordi
nance is not valid.
In the municipal campaign the water
question will be the most prominent Issue.
The raise in rates has been made at a
very good time to impress upon the voters
the enormity of the crime commuted last
March at the behest and at the expense
of the water companies.
WANT CHANGE OF NAME.
Temescal Signifies a Sweathouse and
Residents Seriously Object.
OAKLAND, Jan. C— The citizens of
Temescal are in a flurry over the discov
ery that the name of this beautiful sub
urb means a "sweathouse," a place where
Digger Indians took sweat baths before
plunging into the river.
The executive committee of the North
ern Oakland Improvement Association has
taken the subject up, and last night reso
; lutions were passed to the effect tnat the
appellation of Temescal be changed to
some name more euphonious and more
appropriate to the present conditions and
! prospects of the locality.
The citizens are now invited to make
suggestions, to be sent in writing to "W. G.
Wallace, secretary of the association. A
committee, consisting of Professor Lera
mon. M. S. Dewing, R. J. Montgomery,
H. A. Ingalls, \Y. C. Wallace and L. N.
Hager, was appointed to draft a petition
and circulate the same for signatures,
; asking the Supervisors for permission to
; change the name of Temescal.
Sues Ex-Husband on a Note.
OAKLAND, Jan. Elizabeth L. Sim
mons filed suit this afternoon against her
ex-husband, R. I. Auld, for the recovery
of $700 on a promissory note, dated Oc
tober 5, 1895, without Interest. Auld is In
the employ of the railway mail service,
and the plaintiff was divorced from him
about sixteen months ago on the ground
of cruelty. The loan was made while the
parties were still husband and wife. The
divorced plaintiff is now the wife of Dr.
Simmons, a School Trustee of Haywards.
►-•"-■ - .:: -
A LIBRARY FIRE.
The Books of the Berkeley Free Read
ing-Room in Danger.
BERKELEY. Jan. 6.— Fire broke out
this morning In the new brick building
on the Shattuck estate occupied by the
Berkeley Free Public Library, and for a
while both the library and the Commer
cial Bank were in danger of being de
stroyed.
The blaze was discovered shortly before
11 o'clock by Librarian D. R. Moore, who
noticed smoke issuing from the three ra
diators which heat the reading room. Go
ing to the furnace In the basement below
he found the place on fire, and at once
turned in the alarm. The Columbia Com
pany responded immediately, followed by
the Alert, I'eralta and North Berkeley.
It was found that the flames were con
fined chiefly to the radiator pipes, and
that they were being carried over all
parts of the building. After extinguish
ing the fire In the basement the library
floor was torn up and the blaze was
brought under control. The damage done
to the books wn.« due entirely to the effect
of smoke; through the care exercised by
the firemen they were not touched by
either fire or water. As soon as the flames
were discovered the doors of the Commer
cial Bank were closed and all the books
and money put in the safety vault. The
bank resumed business as soon as the
danger had passed.
The damage Is estimated at $1000. The
library will be closed several days for re
pairs.
Alameda Pound in a Tangle.
ALAMEDA, Jan. G.— Alameda is without
I a public pound owing to tiie legal tangle
1 surrounding the ownership of the para
phernalia used by the late Poundmaster,
Vlctorlne Joseph, who died last month.
Alfred Ewlng was appointed Poundmaster
at the last meeting of the City Trustees.
When he went to take possession of the
Pound a son of the deceased Josephs was
in charge and refused to vacate the prem
ises. He is laboring under the idea that
he inherited his father's property without
will or an appeal to the probate court.
The buildings in dispute are on city prop
erty, with the exception of a barn, which
stands in the middle of Court street. The
Public Administrator may be asked to
take charge of the late Poundmaster's es
tate in order to straighten out the mud
dle.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Jan. o— Whidden Hose Company
No. 2 elected the following- officers at the an
imal meeting held last evening: W. .1. Kck
stein, foreman; C. L. Busla^h, first assistant:
Thomas Scully, second assistant; L, 1,. Schiller,
treasurer; I). J. Probst, secretary; Martin
Owen. W. E. Scully, Louis Probst, trustees.
C. R. Elbe, formerly a prominent druggist
of this city, died last night at Los Angeles.
Mrs. Mary Dlokson and E. L. Clifford gave on
illustrated lecture this evening before the mem
bers of the Alameda Camera Club.
Citizens' Hook and Ladder Company No. 1
has elected the following officers: Edward
Ilayden. foreman: Alfred Orton. first assistant-
D. D. Gilbert, second assistant; F. K. Krauth.
secretary; Bank of Alamoda, treasurer.
Berkeley News Notes.
BKRKELKY, Jan. 6.— The Town of Berkeley
will commence suit npxt week against Mrs C.
HlSKlns, S. MoKee and the Oakland Bank of
Savings for twenty-two feet of land In the
HigKins property along Adeline street, from
Alcatraz avenue to drove street. »The property
1b sought for the purpose of widening Adeline
street.
Dr. John Fryer, Agasslz professor of Orleptal
languages at University of California, will lec
ture before the Mechanics' Institute, San Fran
cisco, to-morrow evening. The address will be
upon the suhject of Confucianism.
The repairs upon the bridge crossing Straw
berry Creek upon the lowe.r part of the uni
versity campus were finished to-day, and the
thoroughfare was opened for public use.
DEWEY'S HEROES
RETURN HOME
ON THE NERO
Forty "Jackies" From
the Olympia Here.
WERE ALL IN THE BATTLE
i
FOUGHT FOR THEIR COUNTRY
ON THE FLAGSHIP.
The Convoy Experienced an Unevent
ful Voyage From Manila and
Made Better Time Than on
the Trip Out.
The United States ship Nero reached
port last evening, having on board forty
marines. All of these participated in the
battle on the Ist of May last, serving on
Dewey's flagship, the Olympia.
The Nero made the passage from Ma
nila in thirty-seven days, experiencing
a rather uneventful voyage. The time is
considered very good for the vessel, for
she is not very speedy. When the war
■ broke out the Nero was an English col
lier and was called the Westgate. She
was purchased by the Government and
after unloading a cargo of coal here was
I turned over to the United States. She
| acted as a convoy for the Monadnock
j when the latter was sent to Manila and
i made an unenviable record for herself
I in that she was not able to keep up with
the war vessel.
On the trip from Manila the Nero en
countered the tail end of a typhoon and
I a monsoon, but sustained no damage. The
I officers in charge of the ship are: Com
mander, Charles Belknap; lieutenants—
W. L. Howard, S. E. Woodworth, F. E.
I Swanstrom and F. R. Wall; assistant en
! gineers— C. B. Forgham, R. M. Wilkins,
and J. L. Smith; and Assistant Surgeon
C. M. Burr. All of these were aboard the
ship when she went to Manila with the
exception of Lieutenant Howard, whowas
stationed on the Boston during the en
'■■ gagement with the Spanish fleet. The
Nero will go to Mare island to-day.
The "Jackies" aboard the Nero are all
i discharged, their time having expired,
! Most of them have svnved nearly » year
beyond the time which they originally
| enlisted. "At the outbreak of the war a
number of them were about to be dis
i charged, but knowing that there was a
j chance of seeing active service they re
; mained with their ship and. under com-
I mand of Dewey helped to win the vic
tory from the Spaniards.
The boys will be paid within the next
three or four weeks and have arranged
as soon as they secure their money to give
themselves a banquet and theater party.
The names of the marines, with the sta
tions they held on the day of the battle,
follow:
H. RANDOLPH, boatswain's mate,
first class, gun captain of the forward
six-pound gun on the superstructure
I deck.
JOHN GABLE, armorer in charge of
j the electrical tiring apparatus and breech
i mechanism of the main battery.
THOMAS L. McKENNA, gunner of the
I second class, engaged in taking soundings
with lead in the chains.
CHARLES ROSS, boatswain's mate,
second class, captain of six-pound gun
No. 10, in the wardroom aft.
ARTHUR A. CALLAHAN, quartermas
ter, third class, charge of the one-pound
gun in the main top.
JOHN A. COLTHURST, yeoman, in
the wardroom in charge of the ammuni
i tion whip supplying six and one pound
! guns aft.
J. B. TISDALE, seaman, charge of
speaking tubes in the after passing room.
EVAN G. MORRIS, landsman, sta
tioned at six-pound gun No. 9 on the
berth deck.
J. M. HUNTER, landsman, In charge
of five-inch gun No. 5 in captain's cabin.
JULIUS MAISS, seaman, in charge of
five-inch gun No. 3 of the main battery.
M. C. CHRISTIANSEN, seaman, in
charge of five-inch gun No. 1 of the main
battery.
GEORGE A. REEVES, landsman, look
out on the forward eight-inch turret.
W. DUNFEE. landsman, in charge of
five-inch gun No. 3 of the main battery.
J. SWEENEY, landsman, stationed aft
in the eight-inch turret.
J. B. ANDERSEN, captain of six
pound gun No. 5 on the berth deck.
W. PROCTOR, seaman, stationed at
five-inch gun No. 2 of the main battery.
B, MEYER, landsman, stationed at the
aft Fix and one pound magazine.
FRANK MAY, ship's cook, stationed at
the five-inch ammunition hoist aft.
FIREMEN— Frank Reynols, T. Mur
phy, Petor Flynn. M. C. Lord. L. H. Cur
tin. W. J. McNaff. Hugh McElwee, F. W.
("ummings, F. H. Converse and H.
Walker, and coalpassers Robert Clifford.
P. J. Peters. E. C. Nutcher, J. O'Malley,
F. B. Johnson and William Anderson,
were stationed In the fireroom.
OILERS— S. F. Higgins and E. Kreu
ger, stationed In the forward eight-Inch
turret. _______________
MEADE POST AND CORPS.
A Joint Installation of Two Branches
of the Grand Army of the
Republic.
General George G. Meade Post, G. A.
R., and General George G. Meade Corps,
W. R. C, had a joint Installation last
Thursday night In the Foresters' build-
Ing in the presence of a large number of
the relatives and friends of the members
of the two organizations.
The officers of the corps who are to
serve for the current term are: Mrs. Kate
J. Woods, president; Mrs. M. L,ee, senior
vice president; Mrs. Annie Page, junior
vice president; Mrs. Grundlng, chaplain;
Mrs. Abble Mikklesen, treasurer; Mrs.
Hattie M. Westerfeld, secretary; Mrs.
Hattie M. Baldwin, assistant secretary;
Mrs. M. Jones, conductor; Mrs. Clara
Scull, assjjtant conductor; Mrs. Frances
Hofrichter, guard; Mrs. Blake, assistant
guard; and Miss Jennie Smith. Miss So
phie Muller, Miss Marguerite ODea and
Misa Dma Grundlng, coior bearers. These
were installed in a very dignified manner
by Mrs. Flora E. Bowley, past depart
ment president, nsslsted by Miss Hattie
M. Baldwin as conductor. Miss Hattie M.
Westerfeld playing appropriate marches.
A new feature was the floor work, which
added to the beauty of the ceremony. The
retiring president, Mrs. M. Mikkelsen, was
by Miss Baldwin, on behalf of the corps,
presented a fine emblematic gold badge,
and she in turn, as retiring treasurer,
was by Mrs. A. H. Leavltt presented a
gold pin in the shape of a maltese cross
in token of the corps' appreciation of her
services for five consecutive years.
Past Commander A. H. Leavltt, assist
ed by William Moore, then installed the
following named ofiicers of Meade I'nst:
Samuel W. Knowles, commander: Wil
liam S. Small, senior vice commander; 11.
Woods, junior vice commander: H. Hunt,
adjutant; William H. Coles, officer of the
guard; James Minnlgan, chaplain; Wil
liam Moore, officer of the day; and James
Washington, surgeon.
After the ceremonies there was a mu
sical and literary programme and the
meeting was brought tr> a close by the
singing of a patriotic nir by all present.
Iroquois Installation.
The newly elected officers of the Iro
quols Cluh wore Installed last night with
the usual rcretnony. Either the rain or
the doings at Sacramento had a bad effect
on the braves as the attendance was not
very good. The new officers are: L. F.
Byington. president; William McCann,
vice president; W. H. Mead, second vice
president; D. J. Gordon, recording sec
retary; A. D. Pratt, financial secretary;
W. 11. Kline, corresponding 1 secretary; P.
J. Thomas, treasurer; directors— W. J.
Bryan. Oscar Hocks. Joseph B. Keenan,
A. D. Lemon, L. V. Merle, Louis Metzer,
A. Uhlenbrock.
Raising Game Birds.
There arrived on the steamer Doric yes
terday from Shanghai. China, one coop
of ten Mongolian pheasants consigned to
the California Fish and Game Commis
sion. This lot will be forwarded to J. P.
Goytino of Los Angeles, who is one of
the best posted men on the propagation
of pheasants in the country. He will keep
the fowls for propagating purposes for
four years and will give to the commis
sion 50 per cent of the increase. Of the
remaining he will place 30 per cent on
public lands and keep the balance to com
pensate himself for the time and money
spent in attending the birds.
MISUSED THE MAILS.
Government to Prosecute Bain and
Mrs. Allison, Marriage Bureau
Schemers.
The United States Grand Jury for the
Northern District of California returned
an indictment against Isaac W. Bain,
alias J. W. Bain, alias H. C. Curtis, and
Grace Allison for using the mails to fur
ther a scheme to defraud.
They are the notorious marriage bu
reau schemers aerainpt whom cases are
now pending in the Superior Court. The
United States Government will now take
a hand in the matter and will vigorously
prosecute them.
Hebrew Services.
There were the regular Friday night
services at Congregation Emanu-El Syn
agogue on Sutter street last evening.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger preached a ser
mon on "Gratitude," and drew an inter
esting object lesson from the rainfall with
which the State is now being blessed.
"These golden drops," he said, "are mes
sages from God. Without Divine Provi
dence man would be helpless and could
accomplish nothing. What would the
farmer and the merchant do if the rain
did not fall? This shows their utter de
pendence on the Creator. Let the senti
ment of gratitude which pervades every
heart be translated into deeds of good
ness and kindness. Let these beneficial
raindrops be an incentive to that grati
tude to God who has been beneficent to
us."
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of ex
treme cruelty have been granted Eva
Perkins from Harry Perkins, and Spiro
G. Dragomanovich from Louise M. Dra
gomanovlch; on the ground of willful
neglect to Nellie Simon from Samuel Si
mon and Hannah Mayor from Menko
Mayor. Suits for divorce on the ground
of desertion have been filed by Annie E.
Newman against Ulysses Newman and
Lewis H. Scharrer against Mary Scharrer.
Got Off Lightly.
James Wilson, alias "Deafy" Morris,
the "stall" for pickpockets, who was ar
rested at the Palace Hotel, December 23,
by Detective Silvey and made a slash
with a knife at the detective's throat
pleaded guilty to battery in Judge Tread
well's court yesterday and was sent to
the County Jail for five months. He was
originally charged with assault with a
deadly weapon.
It Had Its Effect.
Over on the West Side there is a queer
old darky, who is well known to a great
many people— Andy by name.
He always acts as if he were very
drunk. Sometimes he really is, sometimes
he isn't; but at any rate he is continual
ly singing darky songs at the top of nis
voice, whether he be on the street or
off It.
j The other day as he was rolling down
I the street to his usual accompaniment a
I youngster of 4 years turned up i.is aris
-1 tocratic little nose from the safeguard of
a tall fence and remarked:
"Andy, you're a dreat bid fool!"
Andy stopped and was quiet for the
| space of a whole second: then grinned
cheerfully as he remarked:
"Heh, you youngster, if you call me a
i fool agin" I'll kick you up so high dat
i when you comes down yo' clothes'll be all
I out o' style."
The boy looked scared a moment, and
then, recovering, suddenly veiled out:
"I don't care if you do— rd det a new
: suit then."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Hooley a Better Floater That Noah.
Apropos of this gentleman, here is a
riddle that is going the rounds of the
clubs:
"Who was even a greater financier than
Hooley? Noah, because he floated a big
company when the whole world was In
liquidation."— Paris Messenger.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Solomon (or Solomone) and Kmma Bine to
Mary Levin (wife of L*>uis L.evln), lot on N
line of Geary street, 110 W of Polk, \V 27:6 by
N 120; $l(t.
E. C. Hutchlnson to California Guarantee In
vestment Company, lot on S line of Greenwich
street, 161 E of Devisadero, E 26:6 by S 86:8;
also lot on X line of Thirty-fourth street, 2f> \Y
from E line of Sunnyside Addition No. 1, thence
"W 125 by X 100, a portion of block 135, Sunny
side Addition Xo. 1; $10.
Estate of Margaret D'Arey <\.y executor) to
R. A. Vance, lot on X line of McAllister street,
27:6 W of Stanyan, W 26:6. X 9S:o, XE 27:2, S
100:6V4; JSOO.
Western Loan Association to C. P. and
Theresa A. Heininger, let nn E line of Guer
rero street, 347:6 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by E
106; J4200.
Owen and Catherine Kelly (by A. F. Bridge,
trustee) to Frederick W. Bridge, 1722 d 255, lot
on S line of Twentieth street, 25 W of Ala
bama, W 50 by S 104 (trustee's deed); $375.
Garret and James Van Ness to Bertha Head,
lot on W line of San Jose avenue, 26:9'^ N of
Imncan street, N 25:10, W 78:0%, S 5% degrees,
W 25:5%, S 4Ms degrees, B 2:6 Vi, S 74>4 degrees,
E 08:3; also lots 7 and 8, block 2, Syndicate's
First Addition to San Francisco; $10.
Ellen W. Nichols to Ella F. Park, lot on NE
corner of Battery and Clay street?. E 16:11 by
N 45: 10; also lot on NE corner of Pacific and
Pierce streets, E 37:6 by N 127:8 Vi; $10.
Peter Schenkel to Elizabeth Schenkel. lot on
NW line of Harrison street, 300 SW of Third,
SW 25 by NW 85; $K>oo.
John Sullivan to James Sullivan, lot on NW
line of Clementina street, 275 NE of Ninth, NE
Z, by NW 75; $10.
Charles H. and Ida Ford to Rosary Callan,
lot on W line of Thirty-sixth avenue," 17* N of
P street. N 60 by W 120; $400.
Thomas M. and Catherine Williams to
Thomas Parkinson, lot on NE line of Seventh
avenue south. 250 SE of N street, SE 50 by NE
100, block 123, Central Park Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
The American Real Estate Investment Union
nf Now York (a corporation) to J. I). GarfieM.
lots 27 and 2S, American Investment I'nion
Tract No. 1, Oakland; $1.
William J. (Hover to Louisa Glover, all In
terest in lot on X corner of Fourth avenue and
East Fifteenth street, NE 100 by SE 100, block
74. Clinton. East Oakland; $250.
Margaret White to J. H. Smith. beginning
at Nw corner plat 76. Rancho V. and 1) Pe
ralta: thence NW 330. 1f> to S line of Webster
street; thence E 496.71, S 801.85, SW 339.80, to
beginning, being portion plat 75, Raneho V. and
I). Peralta. Rerkeley; $3000.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company to
Samuel and Charles Heywood, lot on NE cor
ner of Bristol and Second streets, E Ti.B N il °^
W 58, S 55:6, to beginning, block 72, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; SI.
It. O. and Mary Gray to F. H. Sargent lots
35. 36, u4 to 57. 94 to 97, resubdlvision of lots
1 to 11, Rakers subdivision of lot 1. Yoakum
Tract. Biibject to mortgage, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Same to same, lots 111 and 112, same, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Philip B. and Laura K. Bekeart to J. C.
Esehen. lot on W line of Caroline street, 525 S
of Central avenue, W 100 by S 74.92, portion
Enclnal Park Tract. Alameda; $10.
Ooorgre U. and Lillie H. Read to R. and .Tes
slf Wells, lot on S line of Pan Antonio ave
nue, 150 E of Willow street, E f,O by S lnO. be
ing lot 16,' block L. lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda; $10.
The R. Hlckmott Canning Company to Ral
four-Guthrle Investment Company (a corpora
tion), lot on NE corner of West First and
Filbert streets, F 250:10%, N ISB:7H. W 173, S
114:4%, W 57:10. S 28:9, to beginning, block 441
Oakland: $20,000.
William C. (as attorney) and Mattle C. Bls-
Fell (by attorney) to William W. Kills, lot on
E line of Shattur-k avenue, 90 S of Oregon
street, S 45, X 156.K2, N 44:10. W 153.69 to begin
ning, being lot 19, block H, Map of Southern
portion P.lake Estate. Berkeley; $10.
Margaret Coughlln to John D. Coughlln, lot
on S corner Lake Shore and Brooklyn avenues
SE 110:10. SW 80. NW 114.02, NE 50:1 to begin
ning, being lot 31, Map of Capitol Homestead
Association; also lot on W corner Lake street
and Brooklyn avenue, N"W 100 by RW 55, be
ing lot 36 of above map: also lot on NW line
of Terminus street, 40 SW from W corner of
Terminus street and Peralta avenue. SW 4n
by NW 130, being lot 97, same, East Oakland'
gift.
Patrick O'Brien to Ellen Brewett. lot begin
ning M:9 from the intersection of Twenty-fourth
and Magnolia streets, 6 54:9 by W 100. block
Q, Map of Survey Northern Extension of Oak
land. Oakland: $10.
Martin Jackson to Edward Pearson, lot on
NE line of Fourteenth street, 56 E of Pros
pect avenue, N 115.41, E 104.64, S 106.78. W 105
to beginning, being lots 2, 1 and 4, block A,
Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
P. and Mary P. Rothermel to James Wat
kins, lots 2, 3 and 4, block 3, Dowllng Tract,
subject to mortgage for $550. Berkeley; $10.
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Hemmel to A.
L. Mantz. lot 20, block 83, Map of Alameda,
as surveyed by J. T. Stratton In 1853, Alameda;
no.
Builder's Contract.
Nathan Corlnson (owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect H. Oell
fuss—Excavating, brick nnd carpenter work,
plastering, etc., for a 2-story frame building
with rouith basement on N line of Green street,
120 E of Buchanan, E 25: 4 Hi by N 110; $3 Hi.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R E Calkins, USA HZ Osborne, L Ang
E Luck. China Abe Cohen, N V
V Vagauay, France D Dlnklelsplel. N V
M S Nismand, sr Doric F R Day & w, Hnlulu
Miss X Matsuda, Japn E J Baker, Honolulu
A L Lunudsky, Cal Henry Clark, N V
F H Brurdreau, Cal J Sparks. Nev.
C Riddell. Chicago C D Luff kin, Mlnnesot
0 E Myer, N V Mrs Luffkin & c, Minn
Mr & Mrs A B Dewey, A B Misner, N V
Chicago Mrs G M Bauman. Cal
H F Allen, Chicago Mrs L M King, Cal
E H Kinsman, Mass F G King, S Jose
C Gardiner, Wash. D C M B Bowman, Cal
J B GialT, Chicago B N Flsk, Cal
H J Carr, Chicago E McCauley Jr. IT S N
Wm M Griffith. Ariz E W Hamlin, Ky
G E Goodman Jr, Cal E E Crandall. Cal
Geo Cresey, Hanfonl G B Sperry &w, Cal
H Havens, Hanford G Ruhens.tein. N V
1 Bissinger, Portland Miss Kinzie, Cal
F H Pickham, N V H Llndley. L Ang
G Helmont, N V Fred H Cullom, N V
Madam Helmont, N V L A Crane, Ota Cruz
Miss Grace Paxton, I M Gray. New Ireland
NY IF L Orcutt, Sacto
Ida Simmons, N V I Mrs Cutts, Moose Isld
H B Heareurish. Mich'V M Clement, London
F X Alnsworth. Cal 1G Anderson. Salt Lake
C W Potio, L Ang I Mrs A Appleby, Can
Mr &• Mrs N F Wel-I shire, Los Angeles
W S Webb, N V |
GRAND HOTEL.
J T Ellison, Red Bluff Mrs James, Cal
L E Doan, Los Ang Mrs Rorla, Cal
M Rich, St Louis r H Holmes, Boston
W H Thomas. St Louis J D Smith, Danville
J T Strlbling & w. Or J D Whitney, Cal
J Gregor, Alaska A J Hudson, Hollister
J J McDonald, Kansas E Casey, Cal
G W Langan, Livermr F H Stafford. Marysvl
C Gardiner, D C Mrs F Bartlett, Cal
C H Davis. Palo Alto J J Groff, Chicago
J R Orth, Oregon !r T Savage, Los Ang
P Quick Jr, Grass Val'T A Denny & w, Cal
C S Dalvc, Woodside I Miss II dough, Jacksn
E R Cooney, Woodside W XV Bowers, S Diego
CA' Oadman, Pinole Ie B Bills. San Jose *
D L Albert, Rockfort p B Woods &- w. Cal
J Mauldln Montana H B Mulr. Ukiah
H T McNevin. Or Miss G Peart. Colusa
A L Young, Cal jD P Anderson 7 i w.Cal
B G Jones. Fresno C, H Edwards, N V
CD Lufkln <fe w, Minn ,T W Taylor. El Paso
E B Eilson &w. Cal J L Wells. El Paso
L Buskett, Hplena V. O J.hnston, Seattle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Smith, Reno J T Johnston, Fresno
E A Cone, Oregon 3 Howard, N V
B Steinetz. Sacto I, Wartenberg, L Ang
M Newman, Stockton F Parker, Stockton
.T Wflsh. St Paul L Parker. S Jose
II Ackerson. N V J Billings. Glen Ellen
J McKlnley, Vallejo C Manning, S Diego
M W Espey. Cal J L Crosby. Cal
G Marshall. S Barbara P Foster, Fresno
W J Banks, Tacrnna J Donaldson, Vlßalia
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Jan 3-Stmr Thlng
valla. from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Rotterdam,
for Rotterdam.
QUEENSTi )WN— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Etru
ria, from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Assyrian,
from New York.
6AN FRAMCISCO CALL.
BTTSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2326 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SATUR- _Jk
DAY) EVENING, January 7, at 7:33 jTST
o'clock. D. 2 /^r»
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— *
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _*%
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- }£ zf
gree. C. P. BUNKER, Secretary. /V>
NOTICE of Stockholders' Meeting— of
the Mountain Ice Company of California. 327
Market st., San- Francisco, Cal.— Notice is
hereby given that in accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of said board, duly convened
and held on the ICth day of December, 1898,
a special meeting of the stockholders of the
Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February
1899, at the office of the company at 327
Market St., in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, the same be-
ing the principal place of business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the building
where the board of directors usually meet.-
The object and purpose of said stockhold-
ers' meeting is to then and there take into
consideration and act upon a proposition
to diminish the capital stock of said com-
pany from three hundred thousand ($300,000) '
dollars, divided Into three thousand (3000)
shares of the par value of one hundred (4100)
dollars each, to thirty thousand ($30,000) !
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000) '
shares of of the par value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors
JOSEPH MARTIN.
Secretary of the Mountain Ice Company of
California.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave., near Market st.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its bank-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1599,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, December i, 1898. '
SPRING Valley Water Works, San Francisco.
December 28, IS9B.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company. 126 Stockton St.. San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January, 1599, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 24, 1898.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, 1899. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31, IS9B, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 16th Inst. Transfer
books will he closed from the 10th to the
16th inst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
Janury 4, 1899.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter. The
' board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31, 1898. at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the fame rate of dividend
as the principal from ana after January 1,
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January S. IS9?.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec. _
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
SINCE July 1. 1898, the orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female — Antonla, 1
years; Camellia Hawkins. 9; Ada Haley. 9;
Marguerite Kalsar, 6; Carrie B. Plckett, 7;
Pearl Hunter, 10: Katie Riordan, 5. Male-
Harry Antonla. ■ 2 years 3 months; "William
Rohling, 3 months: George Hunter, 2 years
6 months; Harold Hunter, 4 years 3 months;
Thomas O'Nell, 3; Bert de Shields, 6 years
6 months: Fred de Shields, 3 years 6 months;
Thomas lonian. 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans — Marguerite Gamerston, 5; Irene
Gamerston, 9; Catherine Shepherd. 4 years 6
months; Lyda Shepherd, 9. Jlale — Jacob'
Smith, 10; Osar Smith, 7; Fred Smith, 5
years: Jennie Shihade, 6 years.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 520 I-'-- st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. 1898: Jessie Willis. 11 years;
Lillla Willis, 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon, 5 years 10 months; Saldy Brooks.
9 years 1 month; Eva Brooks, 6 years; Ruth
Shayer, 5 - years 8 rnonths; Sylvia
Shayer, 2 years 6 months: Ethel Hergarton,
7 years 10 months; Sarah E. Jellln, 12 years;
Elsie M. Jellln, 6 years 9 months; lona L.
' Jellln, 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years;
Louisa Zanettln. 13 years; Adellna Zanettin,
8 years; Theresa Zanettin, 5 years 6 months;
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years; Olive Openshaw, 7
years; Olive F. Berlin, 10 years; Adele G.
• King. 7 years; Anna Swan, 9 years 9 months;
Charlotte Glliespie, 9 years 6 months: Jennie
Gillespie, 7 years 10 months; Julia Gillesple,
3 years 11 months; Amy L. Swan, 6 years 6
months: Maria Gill, 11 years; Grace Gill, 13
years; Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years. . , ■ ■
ROOMS papered from $3; . whitened, $1 up;
palntine done. Hart maun Paint Co., 343 3d st.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1597, to Decem-
ber 31, 1S8S: Frank Swett, age 4 years;
Margaret Cunningham. 4 years; Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years; Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly. 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years;
Ruth Dougherty, 4 years; Lillle Aubertine,
6 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
LADIES— We can supply you with first-class
servants and take pains to suit you. J. F.
CF.OSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
REFINED and cultured lady wishes position
as housekeeper; city or country; working.
Address box 1311, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants to do house clean-
ing, washing, ironing, etc., by the day. In
the rear, 1036 Potrero avo.
NEAT young girl would like to do light house-
work and mind baby. 51 Natoma st.
FINE lunch cook, woman, wants position. 1703
Waller st.
WOMAN wants chamberwork and waiting, or
assistant coon. Apply 410 Minna st.
LADY would like position as nurse or com-
panion to elderly person or invalid; 4 years'
experience; would like to travel. Call branch
office. 1941 Mission st.
FRENCH girl wants upstairs work; American
family preferred; $25. Address 1651 Fourteenth
_ ave.. South San Francisco.
WOMAN wants general housework. MRS. M.
STARKE, 226 Francisco st.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladles who are temporarily emba;-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant ave.. nr. Market.
YOUNG girl would like a place as chamber-
maid; sleep home. Call at 205 Third st.
MIDDLE age Swiss woman, experienced and
reliable cook, German speaking, wishes posi-
tion in good family, German preferred, as
cook or housekeeper; Is good Swiss bread and
butter maker. Address 929 Pine st.
DANISH girl wishes to secure work by the
day. 1331 Fulton st.
LADY wishes position as pianist for concert
or as soloist. Address O. S., box 1253, Call.
A YOUNG English woman wishes a situation
as waitress In a first-class country hotel. Box
1252. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS "WANTED — MALE.
FOR first-class help of any kind send orders to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.;
telephone Main ISI4.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese. Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 436.
COOK wants a position; is a good all-round
cook; in hotel or restaurant or as steward In
a saloon; German; 27. Address F. G., 1017
Battery st.
MAN and wife want situations on farm; wlfa
as cook and man as general ranch hand.
Call 474 Jessie st.
BUTCHER, young man, wants steady work in
hotel or restaurant. Address M., 919 San
Jose ave.
STRONG boy, 17 years, would like position of
any kind; references. Call or address 33
Juniper st.
YOUNG man wants to help around steam
boiler; object, to learn firing. Box 1312. Call.
WANTED — by an all-around butcher
and sausage maker. Address 442A Jessie st.
BAKER, young man, wants work. Address
box 1310, Call.
POSITION by person of experience; nurse in
sanitarium or institution; opportunity of prac-
tice more an object than wages; references if
required. Address box 1304, Call office.
ALL who intend to go to the country can stora
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
I ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant ave., near Market st.
! GERMAN sailor, 2S years of age, sober and In-
dustrious, 2 years in this city, understands
horses, wishes position of any kind. Address
j box 1305, Call office.
! MAN and wife wish to go south to work in or-
I ange grove, man understands picking, pack-
ing, car loading, etc.; wife good cook. Box
1469. Call office.
STEADY man wishes position; private family
or boarding-house; understands valet duties;
12 years' best city references. Box 1487, Call.
BY steady, reliable man, position In whole-
sale or warehouse. Call or address 527 How-
ard st. .' .. , : . .. .'_ . . ' ;
YOUNG man desires position in livery stable
or to take care of horses for private family.
Address W. B. F., SIS% Geary st.
GOOD Chinese cook, also washing: city or
country. Address 703 Dupont st.; tel. Main
17SS.
GOOD sober baker wishes situation: all kinds
bread and cake. Address 1236 Mission st.
STEADY, reliable man wants position in pri-
vate family; can milk, care for horses and
make himself generally useful. B. A., box
1275, Call office.
STRONG bo" 15 years of age, wishes to do any
kind of work: city or country. Call or ad-
dress 824 Montgomery St., room 14.
SITUATION wanted by man as nurse -ip invalid
gentleman; honest, sober. Address 537 Brush
St.. near Seventh, Oakland.
RELIABLE young Japanese wants situation
as school boy in private family. Address box
1267, Call office.
WANTED— by a first-class machinist
or engineer in mine or factory. Box 673, Call.
WANTED— Situation by a German In grocery
or wine business; can tend bar; keep books;
has had much experience. Address box 1470,
Call office.
WANTED — By married man of 40 years, a po-
sition of trust, where honesty is wanted; can
deposit $200 or $300 as security. Address box
RS3. Call office.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
W^ATT^Bss~foT~hoteT~72o^eT^month! MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter st.
WOMAN for housework for Danville, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl for country, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 gutter jst. ■
MAIDEN seamstress, $25; country. MISS
CULLEN, 225 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK for Byron Springs; Bee party
here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS for country, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls, $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter et.
NURSEGIRL, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
WAITRESS for Hanford, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ;
OFRMAN or French second girl; must be good
seamstress; wages $25. MISS CULLEN 325
Butter st. , i
8 HOUSEWORK girls, $25 each; city and
country- MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls; $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
gutter st.
20 COMPETENT girls for desirable situations.
633 Eleventh St., Oakland. MRS. WOODS.
WANTED— GirIs for housework and cooking
for San Jose, $25; San Rafael, $25; Healds-
burg. $20; Martinez, $20; 2 waitresses for
country hotel, $20 and $22 50; waitress for
restaurant, city, $5 and $6 a week; cashier
and waitress, restaurant, $20: French seam-
stress and maid, $20; German parlor maid
and waitress. $25; 2 Protestant girls for house-
work, 2 in family, $25; and many others at
$15 to $25; situations In plenty for those
wishing work. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, institution. $30; waitress, $22 50; and a
number of cooks and house girls, private
families. $20 and $25. MRS. NORTON. 313
Slitter st.
WANTED— Woman for plain cooking and
housework; good home; easy place: near city;
$6 per month. Address box 1309, Call.
WANTED— shoe vamper; steady
work at good wages. CAHN, NICKELS-
BURG & CO. ,
GIRL for light housework; 2 In family: no
washing; wages $10. Call after 9 o'clock at
1111 Scott St., near Turk.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady for light housework;
references. 753 Market st.
YOUNG lady for dry goods store. 1221 Stockton
street. ■
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. 1350 Jack-
son St., above grocery.
WANTED— A German girl for general house-
work and children; 3552, Twenty-second st.,
bet. Dolores and Church.
LADIES' or . gents; profitable , employment;
pleasant work to take home. 136 Sixth, rm. 2.
LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 per day at home.
Call 101^ Grant ave., room 3.
TAILOREBS as pants finisher. 5V4 Kearny st.
room 18, top floor. ...
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave.. near Market st.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
a few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LBVI STRAUSS & CO., 36'i Fremont st.- . - !
.';•* HELP W- VlED— Continued.
' OPE-RATOHS on flannel overshirts; also one
: on buttonholes, at OREENEBAUM, V» EH- ic
■ Mil , ELS. t37 Mission »t.
T\ ; ANTKi)-^;atholVc"w"onian for housework and
:j cooking; ramall f amUy.? Address SBT Hayes at.
GIRLS »ot /nil 2 naUonalltiea* wanted *J*MiS3
\. WELLS' Emp. Of.. 1243ft_Park st.. Alameda.
Vr'ANTEI^GIrIS for Might work in store. $3 *
week. Apply 61 '7_U. nil)n Et - bet - 10 anJ "•
' LADIES miT^lrhTto iearn , embroidery and
1 ■take home piece work. <U6 J-»» «•
SlWEEKS'iMwing fre«. beginning this week.
Renter Tailoring Colics*. ~< O«»ry St.
■YOt^G girl to assist; s:??p home. 3530 Twenty-
' third s__-
i FARN dre«!>maklnff and millinery; position*
-frl': patterns, tie up. McDowell's. *__Pos^
Self ANTED — h ilk. Si
' MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main SS4S
J.^aJlns Employment and Labor Agents.
.• WANT TO-DAY
' J5 more woouchopjiers $1 and ?0c cord
■ "111 tie makers 6c, So, 10c and lie each
\Cho re boy ■• ,•■•
■-' Mot'ttl spinner $2 B0 day j
i Granite block. cutters, furm hands, «tc
• MURRAY .v READY. 634 and 030 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED drygoods clerk: country
store- young single man; references. MUR-
• RA,Y $ READY, 634 an.l C36 Clny s^
WANTED— O. waiters, different country hotels
a.nti ,' restaurants. 525 and $30 and found; 4
" cooks, $3',1, $35 ami $40; dishwashers, etc.
•-. •. MURRAY" & READY, SS4 and 030 Clay st.
WANTED— Vineyard man and wife to board
" m-in; stable man for country. $25 and found;
"2 miners, $40 and board: and others. Apply
to'".l. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Baker for country. $35 and found; '
waiter for Nevada. $20 t" $25 and found res-
taurant cook, $:■ a week; mid others. Apply
"■ to J. F. CROSETT- & CO., 623 Sacramento st. j
BELL- boy,- with references, $25; house man,
" ■ hotel, $25; porter, $25; assistant silverman, I
$25; C. R. HANSEN & CO., 114 Geary st.
• HARNESSMAKER for a ranch, $1 a day and j
•* ■ board ; orchard farmer, 75c a day and board; .
gardener'. $26 and board. C. R. HANSEN & !
• . CO..' 104 Geary sU :
ii) WOODCHOPPERS, Marin County. 4-foot j
,'pine and redwood, $1 and 7'.c a cord; 20 tie* :
- makers, 9c nnd lie each; 10 postmakers and i
10 men to make laggings. R. T. WARD & !
' .CO.. 60S-610 Clay st. I
•' WANTED— Waiter for the private mess in a
■ big mining company, $25; waiter, hotel, $30,
. :etc. ANDRES, 316 Stockton st.
' Bellboy. $:. per month. miss cullen,
■ 825 Sutter st.
• ••, ,
. . SIDE line— We have desirable side line for |
salesmen visiting manufacturing and mining j
trade; Inducements to parties contemplating
. trip to Honolulu or Japan; vest pocket sam- I
> . pie. Address box 1314, Call office.
WANTED— IO men for mine in Nevada. $2 and
board; fare paid. See agent room 2. ill
; . ■• Kearny st., between 10 and 12 o'clock to-day.
'WANTED— An old man for milk ranch; small :
wages and good home. JAMES KENNY, 811- !
' ver ave. and Mission road. ■
' WANTED— Sober, steady man with small capi-
tal to take half Interest in paying business; j
. - established 20 year*. Apply 765 Market, rm. 1.
.'BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
' 16>Uft Mission st.
• BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 504
Valencia st. near Sixteenth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
' 7154 Davis st
•WANTED— Good barber; steady work; Ger- j
. . : niuh preferred. 791 Mission st. . • |
' MAN .of experience to work on ranch. GIRLS'
■ DIRECTORY, Central ave. and Waller st.
BOY about 16 years to do errands and tend i
. : store. Call between 10 and 11 at 400 Halght. I
. WANTED— Strom boy. $4 week. Apply be- I
' : twee.n 7an 7:30 to LOUIS ELL, 318 Battery.
■ ■WANTED— 2 extra waiters. Apply at 604
• • Seventh, t-t., near Brannan.
' TEACHER to give Instruction in billiards. W.
H_. H., box 1315. Call office.
- DISHWASHER experienced on lunch counter.
Southeast corner Greenwich and Lyon ste.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
■goods in warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
■ ' Ebles of all kinds at 15 Gntnt ave.. near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS.
".WANTED— Man; good home. 30 Hannah st..
Oakland, Berkeley train.
• WANTED— A bootblack; $7 per week. 632
Montgomery st.
■ RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
' rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
. . ecter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, .and t>e between 5 feet 5 Inches :
land 6 leet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St.,
1 •■ San Francisco, Cal. !
'TO tro this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from SOc to $1: new shoes, slight-
■.• ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission St..
.' bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
1 WAN-TED" Laborers and mechanics to know j
that V. I Rolkl'n. Ren >' House proprietor, still |
: runs Denver House. 217 Third et. ; 160 lasts j
■/■ rooms. 2St per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764ft Mission J
. ' St., men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per |
night: Me. 00c and M per week. J
- YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOT'NG man. with 4 or 6 months' experience
In barb*r business. Apply Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7'h: tel. Jessie 11«4.
1 MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 154!
Market st.
______________________ _—^ -
MEN and women to learn barber trad* at San
Francisco Barber College. 138ft Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. B. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant ave.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard tin.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. Me, 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Blcho Ha*. 863ft Market st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
• BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
: SINGLE.' furnished.. «ne. large, sunny and airy
room. IT.o nlrht. Rosedale House. 521 Ellis st.
TRY Acme Hous». PH7 Market St.. below Sixth.
fpr'i room: 2!<c n nicht: $1 a week.
W.fNCHESTET? House. 44 third St., near Mar- :
' V-.-.t : 200- room*. V-r night: r#adlnj?-rr>nm: free
-... . 'hus'nni hngtr'': to ar><l from the ferry.
.': . AGENTS WANTED.
:' "RELIABLE agents, who want a good seller.
j '.; . Art»Treyg A. '' WTLPOX. San .Togo. c a i.
;"'"••• \. I PARTNERS WANTED.
v .PARTNER with $5000 in -class paying busl-
.'.'■" ness: will bear Investigation. Address box
■ 4". ran office. Oakland.
WANTED— MISCELLA.VKOIS.
WANTED— Typewriter; Smith Premier pre-
■' ferred-. ttox ITA. Call office.
LOST.
LOST— A -pass-book With the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society "f San Franclsro, In the
name of MARY MURRAY; No. 2U-O4S. The
finder will please return to bank.
. Black-and-white- Japanese pug. Return
to 2700 California st.; reward.
LOST— About December 17 or 18, two peart
Ftlek pins, connected with chain: return Call
. office and claim reward.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS", 1" Grant ave.. near Market St., th«
eurety Is given that the most sensitive lady I
will receive the kindest treatment; private I
entrance and private rooms.
. LOPT— A.'ra«=Fbook with the Hibernia Savings !
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
rum* ■•■ Michael J. Doyle. No. 122,444; the
flmier will pleitge return to bank.
cTrpet cleaning!
. CITY Steam Carpel-cleaning Works— Cleans*"
moves, lays carpet?. C. H. STEVENS, M?r.,
1% and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.
WHKN you become disgusted with poor work
T n ' 1 , tr ' BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng, Works. 3:,?.-y,7-Tehama St.; tel S. 40.
£c?£?32wvw% n ,^ ,?.' 'eVr yard; laid at 3c.
STRAT3ON S. 3 Eighth nt.: tel. Jessie 944.
. J. E. MITCHELL. ''nrpet-cleanliis; Co.. 240 14th
Ft.: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S rarp»t-beat!ng Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.. t- East 12«S. "^
HORSES.
40 HORSES for tale: also wagonsPbugjTleir
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
l;et, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wedne»-
<lay. SULLIVAN /L: DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIACES.
NEW Studebaker phaeton, worth $250 wiTPeeTI
cheap. 1712 Eddy st. " * "
100 BET second-hand harness; wagons carts"
'Higgles, turreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st!
TYPEWRITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few pertly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & C0.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Callgp $15: Yost. $2f/-
ret sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st.
i-c'SINESS CHANCES.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with ■>
postofflcf In lively country town: no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150, $2000; stock
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market St.
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with living ■
rooms; rent $25: choicest location in Mission; ■*
nr. 10th st.; fine bargain; owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
♦SCO— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P. j •
depot; a splendid paying business: rent $20. i
Inquire WILKE & UNFUG. 90S Market.
A— ssoo; SALOON! established 8 years, with 8,
rooms; rent $56: close to Call building; aver- |
age daily receipts $20; owner bought hotel in
Sacramento: bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market st.
A— S1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established ; '■
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market et.
STEXUERG & CO.. 26ft Kearny st I
pays highest cash prices for merchandise. :
We sell and exchange I ■
real estate and business places. • r 1
$ 3oo— Coal oil route, clearing $100. i
i 500— Cor. restaurant, city front.
$1000 Partner in livery stable."
$ 6'<0 — Saloon on principal street.
$ 400— Partner In paying restaurant.
STENBERQ & CO.. 26ft Kearny et.
$125 — CORNER fruit store, Western Addition; I
rent $12; living rooms; owner 3 years. STEN- •
BERG CO.. 26» 5 Kearny st.
$700— RESTATJ-ctA NT, coffee saloon, opposite
ferry depot; h....dBomely furnished; doing
good business; trial and thorough Investiga-
tion before buying. STENBERG CO.. »V4
]<• in; ft. '•
$225— •RANT, principal street; estab- ' :
lished 25 years; receipts $14; 4 living rooms; i
cheap rent; great bargain: partners cannot
i agree. M. LESS. 765 Market st. !
$125— GROCERY and bar; Central South Mar-
ket; 4 living rooms; r«nt $13; owner there 15
years; must sell; a snap. M. LESS, 765 '
Market at. j
! — $350; delicacy and dairy produce in large |
i market; good horse and wagon. KREDO &CO. j
■ A— s6ooo; BAZAAR; will invoice price asked;
j best town on coast; clears KREDO & CO. I
! A- $4600; DRUG store; value in stock; $40 dally; |
j best in city. KREDO & CO.. 22ft Geary st.
A— s3so: grocery and bar; fine living rras.; good !
cor. for business. KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary. j
A— SICOC»; GROCERY and bar; fine location;
large trade; stock will invoice price aeked;
call and get special explanation why this is j
a first-class paying business; you will buy.
K. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
A — $450; CANDY factory, with finely fitted up ■
retail store; good trade; low rent: Investigate j
this. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
i $1500— PARTNER wanted in wholesale and re- j
I tail butcher business in country. 632 Market, j
room I.
— FURNISHED country hotel of 33 rooms; I
fine grounds, etc.; rent $50. 632 Market, room 8. j
I $250— SALOON; well fitted up; 2 pool tables; j
living rooms. 632 Market, room 8. |
; $600— COAL, wood, coal oil. hay, grain; doing !
fine business; low rent. BAJ3ILE, 873ft
Market st.
i
i — CIGAR stand; fine location; laundry pays
most of the rent. BASILE, S7Bft Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar, on principal
thoroughfare; bargain, this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
— Grocery and bar; 4 rms.: cheap rent; bar-
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
I A — buy or sell your business quick for cash.
MOON & CO., 1008ft Market st.
A— s4oo— ft CASH; established business; clears
$125: good team; full investigation; death
cause of selling. MOON & CO., 1003ft Market.
i A— s2oo; PARTNER wanted: $18 to $25 a week
each; trial given; no experience required.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; one of the ;
best bargains in the city; great sacrifice;
must be sold. JONES, 865 Market st.
AN old-established printing and publishing
business is offered for sale at a very reason- j
able price for cash; A No. 1 office, with all
modern improvements; particulars to those-
meaning business. Address box 132. Stock—
ton. Cal.
PARTNER wanted in good saloon doing big
business; owner must go to Germany; full In-
vestigation allowed; rare chance to right
man: will trade for city real estate and pay
difference. Address Box 1260. Call office.
$150 IF sold to-day; randy store; will Invoice
$300: will teach you candy making; don't i
miss this. 422 Sixth st. |
$50— FRUIT store; well fitted and stocked; a
bargain. Call before Sunday evening. 247
Fifth st.
SHOE shop, doing good business; cheap rent;
business locality: reasonable. '332 Bush st. -
PARTNER wanted: good paying saloon: must |
be sold at once; sickness. Inquire 702 Mission. ;
: FOR sale, cheap— Fruit and vegetable store;
i living rooms; rent cheap. 208 Fourth Ft.
FOR Sale— Model Restaurant, 1212ft Polk st.; !
on account of sickness. Apply Immediately. )
LOOK— Stationery store for sale; $400 cash;
must be sold this week: other business; Ad-
dress box 1266. Call office.
SALOON, with S rooms: sell cheap on account
of sickness. Call at 677ft Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
j W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
j MEAT market: departure: less than cost ot
i fixtures; rofrlgerator. etc. Box 3. Call. Oaklnd.
WANTED— Business in city or country for
$1000. Box 471. Call office. Oakland.
A— MACHINE shop foundry must be sold !m-
-m'"i'.ttt'-iv: death proprietor. Address 840 Oak.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW FURNITURE 7 ROOMS
j Worth. $500 i
33 rooms, $650, cash price $1300
> 26-room hou.»e; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250 |
! 14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
S2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500 :
1 12 rooms; on Market st. ; rent $40 450
10- room* house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 .'. B0
46-room house; corner 1 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
I A— K RE DO & CO 22ft Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms. Taylor; rent only $35 $325
10 rooms, Powell; new and nice 600
10 rooms, Eddy: best little transient 500
12 rooms, elegantly furnished; boarding.... 850
12 rooms, Ellis St.; clears $50.... 800
13 rooms, all new; Howard st 600
14 rooms, all bay windows; corner 800 j
20 roomß. Mission; housekeeping 800 ■
22 roooms, best corner in city 1800 |
An.', others. Call and get list. KREDO.
LADIES. If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.. near Market st.
NICELY furnished sunny corner house: 10
rooms, bath; $525; rent reasonable. 540 Ellis.
8 WELL-FURNISHED rooms; cheap; account
! of sickness. 406 Mason st.
GOOD transient lodging house, 35 rooms; price
$800; within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 1279.
'all office.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A NO. 1 fresh family cow for sale. 3286 Cen-
tral live., Alameda.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, I
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission it.,
above Sixth.
BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures. ca*h register,
ccales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, Ml Mission.
WELL-PAYING liquor store: good location;
must be sold. Inquire LEMLE, LEVY CO..
ME Third st.
NICKEL-PLATINO plant; cheap. 1139 Mis-
sion st.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
HORSE and cart: good condition: will 'sell
cheap. 60S Hermann St., near Flllmore.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S, 016-518-520 Mission.
BRICKLAYERS— 2O.OOO old bricks cheap at 11
Stockton St. Carpenter. --■-;•.
WINDMILL In first-class order; large tank,
braes pump, etc. 711 Treat ave.
AM. Iron Win., 615 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump. 7ftxlO: 24-ln. planer & matcher.
KAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
fires: half original cost. IM-111 Market. 8. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstand*. cheap.'
HUFSCHMIDT. «3 Golden Gate ave.
SEWI\tJ MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, ranted;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg.; cut rates. SCRIB-
NER A CO., 1145 Mission st., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor Powell; tel. Main grit
PHYSICIANS. ~Z~
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021ft Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JA.XUABY 7, 1899.
PERSONALS.
A FRIEND wishes to Inform the former friends
and patrons or MME. A. WILLFORD (M i
years of age) that she is now at the Park
House, corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission |
sts., and would be glad to be helped to a j
living by selling her excellent Hair Restorer
and Cleanser, or by applying it personally. _
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail; all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st.
JOSEPH GREVEN. vocal instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con- |
sultation of 20 minutes. $2 50; terms per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122. Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts.; reception hours.
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3. '
LINCOLN BROS.
Are selling hams at 7c a pound; best to-
matoes, 60c doz.; sugar corn, $1 doz.; butter,
30c roll: flour. Ssc sk. ; cornmeal. 20c sk. ; oat-
meal. 3:.c; coal oil, 80c can; 25 lbs prunes,
pt-ars, peaches or raisins, $1; 10 lbs beans, 25c.
LINCOLN BROS.. 226 Sixth St.. above Folsom. \
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen In full
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
st.; patent rights for the United States. Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this is a
rare chance for a few men with a tittle capi-
tal to invest In a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power of the future.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA gives a healthy
growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.; try It.
LEDERER. the leading hairdresser, price 25c.
does the hair up In only the most approved
styles: switches, $1 up; LEDERER'S FOAMO. ■
fine shampoo, 5C package. 123 Stockton Et .
NATURAL healing method; employed with
great success to cure rheumatism, influenza,
I all catarrhs and any kind of chronic disease;
treatment If desired at home; best of refer-
ences. Box 674, Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 41 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms;
i 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 £0 to $6 per week; I
| free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. |
! CRITERION Reglna graphophone and slot ma-
chine repairing; work warranted. Address
11624 Seventh st.. Oakland.
i STAMPS for collections bought, sold; albums.
W. SELLSCHOPP & CO.. 118 Stockton st.
| THE MODERN, 34 4th. nr. Mkt.— Baths, 12ftc;
I separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
i HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
I MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st. Alameda.
! SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
I o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tioTm and want ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
\ LADIES wishing to learn to cut and fit dresses ■
| perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON, i
; 252ft Fourth st.: one month's sewing free to
| all who begin during January.
! LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
' linery: special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
medicalJ
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer. formerly of 226 Turk st. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a. true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
! 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
I etc.; babies adopted : travelers treated; no de-
| lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market' St.;
pills, $1; very strong, J2.
ALL cases of ■ monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement: skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable gpeclali—- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
i ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per. box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
ave.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
, NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
| ter from what cause and hew long standing:
every woman her own physician: safe and
cure; no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. Sis Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office. $!>; travelers helped Instantly; consult
free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe an.] sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; cure, $5. Removed from 401D Van
Neps to 1362A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall av.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write: confidential. 1023% Market
ALT, married ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
! boon to them. RICHARDS A C0.. 406 Clay st. ;
I $1 r.O. Rend 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. ESI K St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
| avo.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. BURT. massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355ft S. Spring, Los A.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevueav.. Loe Angeles.
LADIES in trouble see DR. WILMONT, mid-
wife. 101 Eddy st., room 9; consultation free.
i MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 15C Second Ft.; teL Green "2.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $£ 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 80 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Btelnway upright 187 60
Chlckerlng upright 235 00*
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy dlr*ot
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of ....
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. huHdin».
AS we -are telling good upright pianos for $(
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Game as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$r, per month, SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' -
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case ....; 197
Miller piano, rosewood case ..: ...19S
$6 per month: /rußranteefl 6 years.
BF.N.T. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
THE be«t bargains In the city can be found
at MAT'VAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
W. G. BADGER, 41" Sacramento Kt., agent for
Francis Bacon and Ha'.let & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. ' BYRON
' MAT'ZY. Sole Agent, 309 Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chlckerlng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauiy. 30": Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful ton*. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell it. . .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new.' H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. XV.
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, . cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. Atty M=Cabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HOUSES TO LET.
'■ Send for circular: houses to let aJI parts of
| city. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I FOLSOM. 2324— House, 6 rooms, bath; large
j yard and stable; rent $18.
i PERRY. 212ft— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
■ rent $12 CO; water free. Apply to 'O. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
WE ■ can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave..
near Market st. _____________
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage. 5 rooms; also flat
of 6 rooms and bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
St.. near Dolores. ■
FLATS TO LET.
CHEAPEST fiat In the city. 1120A Leaven-
worth st.,; 6 rooms and bath. MADISON _
BURKE. :
DUPONT, 1233, near Vallejo — 6 rooms and bath;
rent $16. ASHTON & GARDINER.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room; sunny; $15. *
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant ave..
near Market st.
MCALLISTER, 635— Sunny flat of 8 rooms and
bath; rent $25.
MODERN 7-room flat; will rent cheap to a re-
liable family. 1129 McAllister st.
; NEAT modern 3-room flat, large stable; rent
reasonable. 1913 O'Farrell st.
NICE sunny corner flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$24. 1240 Hayes st. '
WEBSTER, 87— Sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. /^
! WE can rent you a flat 'with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
. I 541 CASTRO, bet. 18th and 19th— $17 60; dry
I sunny upper flat 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
' $15— FLAT 6 rooms and bath SW corner of
' Ellis and Scott tits,
FI'RXISHED L FLATS.
; A COMFORTABLE flat of 3 rooms; $11. 13
Elliott park, near Geary and Stelner sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAYn4?9T^ear Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished'
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY, 917— Desirable sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence.
1 FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping
/ suites, $12 to $20; single. $5.
: FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping
suites. $12 to $20; single. $5. ' ■
I FOLSOM. 870— Nice sunny front room for com-
plete housekeeping; cheap.
' FOLSOM. 863— A large furnished sunny bed-
room and kitchen and yard.
', GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness ave.— of 3
' tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range
'. LEAVENWORTH. 811. near Sutter— sunny
rooms; bath, furniture; couple; no children;
■ references. .•■'■.-"'..■
MARKET. Large sunny front room and
- kitchen: folding bed; closet; $12.
i MARTHA pi.. 4. off Geary, bet. Mason and
I Taylor— 2 large unfurnished rooms, $10.
. ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
•'• ful ladles are notified that the highest amount
i I is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
i I at UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave.. near
: i Market st. ■_ j .
' ! MASON. 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping and single. .
'. , MASON. 1011ft— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
' I kitchen, bedroom, sitting-room; 2 closets, pan-
\ ! try, yard: $12: Erie place entrance
MINNA. 23— Housekeeping and single rooms,
■ $1 10 per week.
- MISSION, 945— Kitchen and front room, with
: folding: complete for housekeeping.
- OAK. 119—1 front sunny room complete for
I light housekeeping, $5. '
1 j POWELL, 903, near Sacramento — 2 furnished
; rooms for housekpg; private family; bath.
\ SACRAMENTO. 3327—3 rooms; complete for
'. | housekeeping. ______
' TENTH, 136— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; coal stove; running water.
1 I THIRD, 340— Single light room; suitable for
' i housekeeping: $3 per month.
" THIRD. 346—2 sunny connecting housekeeping
[ i rooms. . -
[ i
t TURK. 35—3 unfurnished connecting rooms for
; housekeeping: gas,. running water; reasonable.
- TWELFTH, 40. near Market— sunny
front suite for housekeeping; or single. $6.
i VAN NESS, 1021— Front sunny suite. 2 or 3
. rooms: kitchen, gas range, bath; references. ■
! ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTO*N House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
1 in every respect; terms reasonable.
l AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
t i single; facing plaza; day or month.
' j BRUNSWICK— Sixth St., corner Howard—
- rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
• $1 25 to $6 week; open all night; Howard-st
' I cars pass house direct from all trains.*'
'. BURNETT, 1364 Market Nicely furnished
i rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
'. DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished or un- j
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo. j
' ! EDDY, US— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
I ! ELEVENTH. 120—1 sunny furnished room for
. | man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
" ELLIS, 821— Large sunny bay-window furnished
I room; large closet; running water; U9e bath. \
' FIFTH 43S (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
' j or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
• FOLSOM, 1136—8 large rooms; kitchen and
- bath room; sunny; $15.
: GEARY 14A— sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms: day, week or month: cheap.
- GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
- ; Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
- I single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
: '■ HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
- i rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . .
- ■ 1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles.
- > where those who wish to borrow i money on
■ ■ watches and Jewelry are -waited on. at UN-
- ' CLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave.. nr. Market st.
. HOWARD. 829— Rooms of all kinds, $1 week
= | up; housekeeping, $2 up; transient. 25 cents
[ to SI. ; ;
\ LEXINGTON ave.. 210— Nicely furnished front
\ room; grate; bath: $6 50 month.
I MISSION, 2617— 1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
t O'FARRELL, Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; reasonable..
PINE 614A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
; POWELL. Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
I j BELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. IS
' j . Grant ave.. near Market st. •
1 ! SEVENTH, Nicely furnished rooms, suit-
• i able for lor 2 gentlemen.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
• \ STOCKTON. 317— Newly furnished suite; also
single; telephone: bath: central: cheap.
s $5 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined;
- { sunny: furnished. Box £69. Call office.
* I ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» Call.
_ j Subscription* and ad» taken.
9 ~~~ ROOMS AND BOARD.
i BUSH 534— Newly furnished sunny euites and
' single rooms, with or without board; reason-
_ [ able. .
II FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, with
e j room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite. : !
" HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— new j
r furniture: first class in every respect; table
1 unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
• suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
D
i PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
~ ! on them at UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave..
s I near Market st. .
7 O'FARRELL, 411— A sunny furnished room for
I i 2, . with board,' $40; gas, bath. --■ ,-
" O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
II rellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
7 STEVENSON. 447— Large front room; double
i bed; very cheap. » ' ■
"" SUTTER. — Elegant room and board; loea-
;• tl'in unsurpassed: reasonable. . . ,
~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
-j CHILD ,to board; nice home; block from
school: $8 month. 1414 21et ave., E. Oakland.
» CHILD to board: pay not so much of an object
as company. 3727 Sacramento St., lower flat.
* WANTED ChiId to board; German family.
i; Address box 545. Call office. '
I: STORES TO LET.
' FOR Rent— Cheap; cigar store and ■ laundry
office. Inquire at. 755 Bryant St., about 12
i. ' m. WM. WELCH. _^^^
L SPLENDID location for dressmaker, dress find-
ings and notion store or for millinery. 70S
[ McAllister St., near Gougb. :" ,v :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
OFFER wanted; corner lot, 50xS0, with 2-story
building; occupied as grocery and saloon, first
floor: flat of 9 rooms, second floor; situated
on Brannan St., near Sixth, San Francisco.
W. P. RYAN, 360 Seventh st., Oakland.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave., near Market st.
FINE handsome 4-room cottage, cor. lot 25xS0,
with stable for 3 horses. 1439 Shotwell St.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
work done; will call. OEO. M. SALSBURY,
Builder. £21 K St.. Sunset District.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
* Fee $1 and upward.
Reveals your entire life from the cradle to
the grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
; Her assistance 's priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION — I do not locate mines, hidden
treasures, nor give lottery numbers, but if
you are In trouble 1 and need help come to
me. Advice given on all subjects; valuable
information given to users of morphine. Five
questions answered by mail, $1. LEAXDER,
King of Mediums, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat nil pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist; readings,
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 234% Sixth st.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of e>cry
description at UNCLE HARRIS', 13 Grant
ave., near Market st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. KATE HOPKINS, trance medium: read-
ings daily, $1. 322 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. 8; 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco, at 1023V* Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces,, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mar-
ket st.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading. 417
Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
REMOVED— Lenemar; fortune by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson St., corner Sixth, room 4.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles. 10c; gents,
2.'.c: satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card readings; 10c; ladles
only. 543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future: 25c. 148 Gth, rm. 10.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay: 2.'c. 1150 Mission.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
■ reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers : 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5; tern, 6 mo.,
$73; languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course. $30; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms
6 and 20, Mercantile bldg.. 530 Golden Gate av.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
SPEClAL 'lnstruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and. English; prep, for high schools and
universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.. 7 to 9 p.
I m., r. 454 Parrott bldg., TRUITT & MILES.
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; preparation for high schools
and universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p. m., 7
to 9 p. m., room 454. Parrott building.
PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth—
mandolin, guitar, juvenile class, $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted 'or mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:'
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
eat. 1»64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier, 526 Turk
et., bet. Larkln and Polk; zithers, music and
strings always on hand.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Lelpsic; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th at.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket St.: 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott • bids.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings.
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate ' for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all i
work; no students employed: extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free. >
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and i
Mason fits. Entrance 8 Mason St.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible j
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years; I
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, EOc: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or nils teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
CROOME Dental Office; best work; lowest
prices; painless extracting, filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up; filling,
50c up. 759 Market, bet. 3d & 4th : est. 20 yra.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crown?, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of 'teeth
$4: filling, gold. 50c: sliver. 25c: crowns, $3.
___________
MONEY TO LO AH.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 848 Market st.; tel. Main 1844.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003*4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3. . " ■
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commleslon: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages., estates, 'real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120
Ellis St.. room 4: until Feb. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 2! Mason at., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture,, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
1 SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
j , estates a specialty. MURPHY. *36 Market st.
| $50 TO $)O.OCC: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Pry-den. 413 Montgomery st.
. . OFFICES TO LE A l .
A SUNNY corner, suitable for -offices; single
or suite, 120* Market st. cor. Golden Gate. ■
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents til JO
i to $20. ASHTOK & GARDNER, room 210.
COINTRY REAL ESTATE.
460 ACRES near Livermore, Alameda County:
heavy oak timber; springs; house; fence;
value J4GOO; will exchange for lands or town
property in Tehama, Shasta or Lassen coun-
. ties. L. L. M. SAXrSBURY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. , ■
FOR — Country home of F. 8. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPKHTY TO K.\CHAJIQtS>
WANTED— CIear lot in Richmond, balance can
remain, for house and lot in Alameda. Ad-
dress J. W.,.hox 1313. Call.
GOOD quartz mine on the mother lode. Cala-
veras Co.. and 25 lots in this city, all <-!ear,
to exchange for a general ranch. Address
box 1274, Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— By -« trustworthy, abstemious man.
a few acres of land with a good houfe and
outbuildings, suitable for a chicken ranch,
near a good market town and school; Santa
Rosa or Petaluma district desirable. B. 8.. i
Call office. Oakland.
SMALL piece of land. 6 to 20 acres, within 30 :
miles of S. F. : no agent*. Box 1478. Call. j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
—,i . i (
OAKLAND FURXITCnE FOR SALE. I
FURNITURE^GcocTand cheartT~H. SCHEIIL"
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
$800 — 60x125 LOT on San Antonio ave.
tllOO— sox2BB lot on Benton St., near Santa |
Clara ave.
— New 5-room cottage, on Grand St.; work
all done.
J250O — 50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — 50x150 elegant new ■ house, 8 rooms;
modern: at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1.500 Park St.. Alameda.
BEKKL^V KB AX. ESTATE.
$4000— FOR a new. modern house of 6 room«;
furnished throughout with the latent style;
large lot; situated near electric and steam
cars and ten minutes' walk to university;
owner must go East at once; a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., £123 Center
st. . Berkeley.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Edward Hlmmal and Alice Paul! 49-40
John McGee and Alice Durnln 23-22 I
William Butler and Nora J. Foley 28-21 j
W. P. Burnham and Agnes M. McCormack.2S-19
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
BORN.
KNIGHT— In Alameda. December 7. IS9S, to
the wife of J. J. Knight, a daughter.
PIKE— In Oakland, January 5. 1599, to the
wife of E. D. Pike, a. sen. -
______
MARRIED.
WOLTON— In this city, December 20,
18SS, at the residence of the bride's cousin,
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Finch, by the Rev. Henry
E. Cooke, rector Trinity Church. S. J. Haugh
and Jcsie M. Wolton, both of Sutler County,
California.
DIED.
Allen, Viola M. Murphy, Cart. Ebecl
Bardwell. John L. Ne»b, Albert H.
Bootz. Mariana O'Dricn, Mary M.
Boyd, John E. Phillips. John
Bresnahan. Bridget Pond, Evelyn M. !
Brick, Mrs. Lizzie Reilly, Teresa
Brown. Rosalie Reimers, Frederick
Connahan. Joseph F. Russell, Patrick
Cramp, Goey G. Hchaefer, John
Day, Egisto Scharig. Christina
Heegaard, Harriet Smith. John J.
Hlggins, Joseph B. Strubel, George
Jacobson, Peter E. Terrell, James
Johnston, Alice Tronoff, Lytia
Kaher, Daniel Waltmann, Bertha J.
Kelly. Mary Ward, Mary E.
Kerrins, Mary Walsh, Miss Ann
MacDonald, Kate Whippier, Charles F.
McKibben, William Wobber, Clarence
Montgomery, Alex. Wreden, Claus
Morgan. John S. Ybarra, Carlota P.
ALLEN— In this city, January 6, 1599, Viola
May, dearly beloved daughter of Anthony
and Mamie Allen, sister of Leslie and Cecil
Allen, granddaughter of Charles and the late
Mary A. Mullin, and niece of Mrs. J. J. Mor-
gan and John, Charlie, Kitty. Lillian and
Jennie Mullin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years.
BARDWELIA-In this city, .January 5, 1899,
John L. Bardwell. a native of Springfield,
Mass., aged 67 years.
BOOTZ— Ocean View, January 5, 1899, Marl-
ana, dearly beloved wife of Adam Bootz,
and beloved mother of Adam J. Bootz Jr.,
Mrs. Henrietta Krellng, Mrs. Richards and
Theresa and the late Henry and Frederika
Bootz, a. native of Sufiingheim by Strass-
burg. Alsace, aged 72 years and 7 months.
C7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Ocean View, thence to St. Michael's
Church. Ocean View, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOYD— In this city, January 5, 1899, John Ed-
mund, beloved son of Captain George W.
ar.d Nancy S. Boyd, and brother of Mrs.
Captain J. C. Young, a native of Maine, aged
44 years 1 month and 11 days. (Seattle pa-
pen please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 113 Cumberland street, between Guer-
rero and Dolores. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
BRESNAHAN— In this city, January 5. 1899,
Bridget, dearly beloved wife of James I.
Bresnahan, mother of Stephen, John, Thomas,
Marl' and Frank Bresnahan, and sister of
Mary and John Giffney, a native of Killu- j
can. County Westmeath, Ireland, aged 35 j
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 642->i Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church", Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRICK— In St. Helena, January 4, 1899, Mrs.
Lizzie c . beloved wife of A. G. Brick, and
daughter of Alexander Hay. a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years 10 months and 2
days. '
([-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the -resi- i
dence, 1530 Railroad avenue. Alameda. In- I
terment Masonic Cemetery. San- Francisco.
BROWN— In San Mateo. January "5. 1599, Ro-
salie, beloved daughter of William H. and
Rosalie Brown, a native of San Mateo, Cal.,
aged 3 years and 2 months.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, San Mateo, Cal.
CONNAHAN— this city, January 4, 1899, Jo-
seph F., dearly beloved and only son of Cor-
nelius and the late Rose Connahan. and
brother of Annie. Nellie, Lillian and Ger-
trude Connahan and Mrs. J. J. Tracy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months
and 16 days.
Darling Joe. thou hast left us.
And thy loss we deeply feel:
But the God who has bereft us . .
He can all our sorrows heal.
|r— Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the fuueral this day (Sat-
urday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the residence of
his "father, 23 Baker street, the.ice to St.
Agnes Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CRAMP— In this city. January 6, 1599, Goey 0..
wife of .Edw. E. Cramp, and- daughter •of
. Mary and the late John Power, a native of
San Francisco.
DAY —In this city. January 4. 1899, Egisto
Day, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Theresa
Olsen, stepson of Andrew Olsen. and brother
of Armando Day, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years 1 month and 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 15 Lafayette place, off Green
street, near Dupont. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HEEGAARD— In this city, January 4, 1899,
Harriet, beloved wife of the late Steffan
Heegr.ard. and mother of Mrs. G. H. Warner,
Mrs. C. Heesraard, Mrs. W. G. Scott and
Mrs. C. A.. Lee, a native of England, aged
72 years.
ItTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1001 Capp street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. by carriage. ] :
HIGGINS— In this city. January 5. 1899, Jo-
seph 8., beloved husband of Lizzie Hlggrins, a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years and
IS days.
JACOBSON— In this city. January 5, 1899. Peter
Elmer, dearly beloved son of Peter and May
JacobsoD, and brother of Charles W.. Harry
and Oscar Jacobson, a native of Lodi. San
Joaquln County, Cal., aged 10 years and 24
days.
Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1434 Howard street, between
Tenth and Eleventh. . Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city, January 6, 1899,
Alice, beloved daughter of James and Mary
Johnston, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 7 days.
KAHER— In this city, at the Potrero. January
6, 1599, Daniel, beloved, husband of Susanna
Kaher, and father of Julia. Mary. Matthew,
Daniel, John, George. Susie and Fred Kaher
and Mrs. James Rose, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 74 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner of Mariposa and Arkansas
streets, Potrero, thence to St.. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, January 5, 1599, Mary,
beloved wife of John Kelly, mother of Mary
and Katie Kelly, sister of Delia. Patrick and
Martin Smith, and niece of Mrs. John Mahon,
a native of Aha^cragh, County Galway, Ire-
land, age . 2.") years.
L' Friends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invltei to atti'n.l the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1143 Folw street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services, commencing at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro3S Cemetery.
KERRINS— In this city, January 4. 1539. Mary.
Kerrins, a native of the parish of Kilmao-
tigne. County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 67 years.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to .-t. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. .•■.."
MacDONALD— In this city, January 6, 189», at
her residence, 422 Ivy avenue, Kate, beloved
wife of Leo V. MacDonald. and mother of
Olivia, Irene and Madeline MacDonald. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McKIBBEN — In Golden Gate, Alameda County,'
January 5, 1399, William A., beloved husband
of Eliza McKibben, and father of William
and Oscar McKibben. a native of Ohio, aged
55 years and 8 months.
IDTrlends of the family are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Lula 'avenue, Golden Gate. Inter-
ment private.
MONTGOMERY— In this city, January 6. 1819,.
Alexander, beloved husband of Johanna
Montgomery, and father of John and Robert
Montgomery, a native of Londonderry, Ire-
land, aged 72 years 4 months and 17 days.
MORGAN— this city. January 6. 1599, John
S., husband of Sophia Morgan, a native of
New York, aged 70 years 9 months and 3 days.
CTKriende are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 3421 Twenty-
fifth street. Masonic Cemetery. Please omit
flowers,
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S AS-
sociation— Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarters. Pioneer build-
ing, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
J. S. Morgan. STEPHEN BUNNER. Pres.
JAMES PENNYCOOK, Rec. Sec. ; v
MURPHY — In Portland, Or., Captain Ebed
L. Murphy of Alameda, formerly of Bath,
Me., aged 47 years and 2 months.
(ET-Friends are invited to attend the funeral
this day 'Saturday), at 1:30 from 1125 Morton
street, Alameda.
NEEB— In {his city, January 6, 1599. Albert ■
H., beloved son of Charles and Elizabeth
Neeb, a ' native of San Francisco, azed • 3
years 7 months and 8 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, at the Potrero, January
6, 1889, Mary M., beloved daughter of Daniel
F. and Mary O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months. .
PHILLIPS— In Colma, January 6, 1899. John
Phillips, a native of Rhode Island, aged 6S
years. . _ :
; POND— this city. January 6. 1899, Evelyn .
May. only daughter of Enoch and Mary
Longfellow Pond, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 4 months and 15 days. • .
(^Notice of funeral hereafter. > .-,
REILLY— In this city, January 5, 1899. Teresa,
beloved wife of Thomas J. Reilly. -nd mother
of Etta. James. Mary, Teresa, Sarah. Laura
and Thomas Reilly. Mrs. J. D. Hughes and
Mrs. William Doyle, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land. ■
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 11 Geneva street, tl.ence to St. '
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass' j
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. • ■ '
BEIMERS— this city. January 3, 1899, Fred-
erick 11., beloved husband of Christina Keim-
ers, and father of Willie, <:rr-r, hi n and Edna •-.
Reimers, a native of Ki"l. Germany, aged
43 years 4 months and 13 days. A member of
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S. (Stockton
papers please copy.)
O. d. H. S.— The officers and members of Eu-
reka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S.. and all mem-
bers of the order, are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late past -res:
dent. F. H. Reimers. from our hall, 510 Bush
street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock.
WILLIAM MAAS, Pres.
WILLIAM REHKER. Sec.
RUSSELL— In West Berkeley, January 3, 1889,
Patrick, beloved band of Mary J. Rus-
sell, and brother of Thomas Russell of Mil-,
pitas, Mrs. Israel Rolfe of Stockton and Mrs.
Catherine Fleming of San Francisco, a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 61 years.
•SCHAEFER— this city, January 6, 1599.
! John, dearly beloved husband of Katherlne J
Sohaefer, a native of Germany, aged 74 years
'and 11 months. (Sacramento and Norristown.
Pa., papers please copy.) ' "
(n?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 30 Ringold street, between Eighth and
Ninth, Folsom and Harrison.
SCHARIG— In this city, January 5, 1899. Chris-'
tina Scharig. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Fred Trachsler and Lizzie Scharig, a native-
of Paspels. Canton Graubunden, Switzer-
land, aged 65 years and 4 days.
tTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January 9. at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
SMITH— In this city, January 6. 1899, John J., '
dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Smith,
father of Peter, Kittle, Lucy. Annie. Addle.
John. Hughie. Dottle. Harold and Margaret
Smith, and loving brother of Hugh E. and
Samuel S. Smith. Mrs. M. J. Harper and
Mrs. James O. Cook, a native of New York..
City, in the 41st year of his age. (New York
and Chicago papers please copy.) i
(CT'Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-^ .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sundry) morning, from his late residence, 727
Elizabeth street.
STRUBEL— In this city, January 6, ' 1599.
George Strubel, dearly beloved father of ,
Katie, Frank and Lizzie Strubel, beloved son
of Valentine and the late Catharina Strubel.
and brother of Frederick, Frank and Phlllo
Strubel. a native of Boston, Mass., aged 34
yean and 9 months.
(CFuneral notice hereafter. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery- . '
TERRELL— In this city, January 4, 1899, .Tames,
relict of the late Mary ■ Terrell, and beloved;
father of John. James, Julia and Mary Ter-
rell a native of the parish of Drum, County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 42 years. (Bos-
ton papers pleas* copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the. parlors
of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRONOFF— In this city, January 6. 1599. Lytta.
dearly beloved daughter of. John and Annie
Tronoff. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 9 months and 10 days.' ' .
WALTMANN— In this city, January 5, 1899.
.Bertha J.. beloved wife of Leo Waltmann.
and mother of Mrs. Fred Schulte and Mrs.
■ Robert Barthel. a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 56 years 7 months and 7 days. A.
member 'of Bay City Lodge. Knights and ■
Ladies of Honor. • r •
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-f
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow:
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors, of,
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
Please omit flowers.
WARD— this city, January 4. 1599, Mary E..
beloved wife of Edward Ward, and mother of
Katie, James, John, May and Christopher
Ward, a native of County Westmeath, 'Ire-.,
land, aged 65 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1913 Vallejo street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, Van Ness avenue, where a re-"
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock."
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
WALSH— In Napa. January 4, 1899, Miss Ann
Walsh of Flushing, N. Y.. beloved sister of :
Mrs. C. Ramsey, and aunt of H. O. Ramsey
and Mrs. H. J. Pierce. '•,-.-,
E7"lnterment private.
WHIPPLER— In this city. January 5, 1899,.
Charles F. Whippier, beloved son of the late ;
Ellen Flnke, and brother of Mrs. J. J. Shep—
ston and the late Louis E. Whippier, a na- .
tive of San Francisco, aged 35 years 7 months
i and 7 days. -
-l£s"Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors at'
i MeAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between :
' Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery- • /
. WOBBER— In this city, January 5, 1899, Clar-
ence, youngest and dearly beloved son of
E. A. and Gaslne Wobber, and brother of
Henry Louis. Mamie, Henrietta. Emma and
! George Wobber, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 months. « ' *
(nTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
' of his parents. 625 Hermann street. Interment.
Masonic Cemetery.
WREDEN— In this city. January 6. 1899. Claus.
- beloved husband of Elizabeth Wreden. and
father of Henry M. and William G. Wreden,
Mrs J. F. Wltzel and the late Mrs. F. J.
Veen and Charles C. Wreden. a native of
■ Untie Hanover. Germany, aged 63 years 5
months and 12 days. A member of Concordia
Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F. : Slegelhaln No. 7,
U A O D., and Hannoveraner Vermin.
ITTNotlceof funeral hereafter. .• - :
"YBARRA-In this city. January 6. lm, Car-
lota P., beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
B Ybarra, a native .-,: Pan Francisco, aged 2
i years 2 months and 19 days.
ipr Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 10
1 o'clock, from 810 Filbert street.
~ HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan 4 Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALrRR*.
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln school.
Telephone South 89.
1112
REBELLION IN
THE BOARD OF
EDUCATION
The "Solid Seven" Seize All the
Patronage and the Absolute
Direction of Expenditures.
Efforts of the Minority to Wrest Control
From the Majority and Reorganize the
Board — Terms of a Compromise
That Was Not Accepted.
Mr. Head's Drastic
Measures.
While the Board of Education Is plan
ning revolutionary changes In the School
irtment and racking the mimls of
hundreds of school teachers with anxiety,
the honorable body is disturbed within it
self. The Directors are working only un
der a mask of harmony, and the struggle
fur control between the factions is not by
means over. As the situation stands
- Brandenstein, Eells, Staf
ford. Holbrook and Stow, flippantly
known as the "club flush," are hopelessly
cut "if from any share of the patronage
cr ,my direction or suggestion in the ex
penditure of public Bchool funds.
The "solid Beven" have seized absolute
ly all the fruits "f victory and have left
tin- minurity members to protest as vig
orously and ;is vainly as they please. Hol
■ brook has been hoodwinked with the
empty honor of the chairmanship of the
Finan.ce Committee, but he has as much
to do with a supervision of expenditures
as a janitor. The four important com
mittees of the board are completely out
pf the Jurisdiction of the minority. The
Committee on Supplies, which governs
t l>r- vast expenditure of money for the
irtment, and which is essentially the
most Important committee of the board,
is held 1 by the "solid. seven."
-.•■ The Committee on Buildings and
■:' Grounds, which has to do with contracts
and contractors, and which, in the past,
has been so prolific of scandal, is con
trolled exclusively by the majority. The
■ imittee on Janitors, the weapon of the
.spoilsman and the mecca of the politician,
is* all yond the reach of the mi
nority. The Committee on Printing, un
the direction of which much money
;. is expended, is graced only with the in
the "solid seven." The "solid
!-• v. h" have grasped,' therefore, cvi ry
d the honorable body
which they arc members.
minority is fretting under the re-
Fl taint upon it. The members want some
thing more than the shell of power, as
tiny S( i k to work reforms more- thorough
ly- than (>y simply acting as a check upon
thy majority. Since the board went into
office several efforts have been made by
Ih'e- minority to overturn the organization
tied by the. majority. While a revo
lution was set in motion in the School
rtinent, a rebellion has been in prog
ress fii the School Hoard.
The members of the minority have stood
solidly' together since their term of office
rj". . They say that if they could cap
ture one member from the majority they
.! form a. deadlock and force terms
from the other side. If the minority could
two members they would then be
the majority and would organize
the board as they saw fit. The first over
tures of the minority were extended to
and for a time it seemed
as if success would crown the efforts of
. the "club flush." Cole wanted certain
as and a promise was 'given that
he would re eive them if he would desert
the majority.
- - He agreed to do so, and the deadlock
seemed to be a reality. So sure were the
"cluti flush" of their position that they
• pffered to the other side the terms of a
•compromise that might be acceptable to
...both- sides. The terms of this agreement
that Director Stow should be elected
president of the board and the other side
Ehbuld name the committees, or ihat Ber-
Bhould be chosen president and the
"club flush" should name the committees.
All the while the. minority was holding
■ ye. The majority suspect
ed the play and threatened Cole with its
vengeance. He weakened, and his son,
1 I <;. Cole, was made assistant store
ier of the department. There may be
: no -association between the two incidents,
but the "club flush" collectively shakes
Its heads and the "solid seven" nods con
terite>l!y.
The minority tried again; this time, It
seemed, with a prospect of more success.
Director Gedge was the objective point of
attack, as he possessed more than one
vulnerable point. Dr. Gedge is a dentist,
• -who has offices in tho same building with
I>r. Drucker, who was a member of the
last board. Gedge and Drucker are
friends.
In the general scheme of retrenchment
and reform Director Head has planned
two measures that beyond question merit
approval One is the abolition of most of
the special departments established by
the late board of unlamented memory.
The liapan board loaded the department
with their favorites in the form of
la] teachers of cooking, drawing,
pewing, stitching and what not. In the
general scheme of public school education
teachers and the departments they
!.teaoh are worthless, and Director Head
' ■ has planned their abolition after the work
of. consolidation is over. Director Gedge
lias not tak^n kindly to the plan, and once
or twice was caught flirting with the
''I ;."plub flush."
Director Head also wishes to secure the
abolition 'if the Jackson Primary School,
an institution that was created for no
qther earthly reason than to provide a
place for Mrs. Elizabeth Butler, a sister
• of Dr. Drueker. The Jackson Primary
School has not a single class in it that
reaches half the standard of attendance
established last Wednesday night. The
children attending the school belong to
the Dudley Stone School and to the
Honda School, and Director Head wishes
to send them where they belong by abol
ishing the Jackson Primary School and
removing an inexcusable extravagance.
To this plan Director Gedge also objects,
although there can be no question that
the school should be abolished.
The '•club flush" heard of these disa
greements in the "solid seven" and smiled
approvingly upon Gedge. He has, how
ever, remained with the majority, and it
-'. %is believed that some deal has been made
° •\ to keep him firm. Overtures were also
• made to Armstrong by the minority, but
the tight is not yet won. The minority is
not in despair, and it is determined that
if its members are to bear the responsi
bilities and criticisms of public officers
they must have some share in the conduct
of the public office they hold.
If they succeed In winning: over two
members of the majority they will revo
lutionize the organization of the board.
TJie committees as now formed will be en
tirely changed. The "club flush" stoutly
affirm that they seek none of the loaves
and fishes of political life, but demand
only that a conservative, business-like ad
ministration of the School Department
shall characterize the policy of the board.
If the scheme of the "club flush" suc
ceeds Stow will be president of the board
and Bergerot will come off his perch and
descend to the mediocrity of a desk on
the floor. Stafford would be chairman of
the elementary committee and would look
after the election of teachers. Holbrook
would remain where he is, as chairman
of the Finance Committee, as the posi
tion is harmless. Cole, or whoever fell
in to complete the combination, would be
given the chairmanship of the Committee
on Buildings and Grounds. The star com
mittee of them all, that now held by Di
rector Head, the Committee on Supplies,
would go to Director Armstrong.
It is evident that a revolution could be
worked in the School Board itself.
But the situation has not yet
assumed more than the dignity "of
a rebellion. The minority feels
that it is in a most anomalous position.
It believes that the consolidation of
teachers which has been ordered Is in
the direction of reform, but it fears that
the majority is only paving the way to
burden the department with favorites of
its own. The minority does not care to
realize Its fear that it will become a cats
paw and for that reason the fight for con
trol will continue.
SEARCH WARRANT CASE.
Peculiar Point Raised in the Contest
Between Dr. Williamson and
T. E. Strong.
A peculiar point was raised yesterday
by Attorney George Collins in a search
warrant case before Judge Mogan. The
case has been going on for months and is
not yet finished.
T. E. Strong is the defendant and Dr. G.
W. Williamson, dentist, the complainant.
While Strong- was employed by William
son he received a lot of instruments and
other articles as custodian, but after
ward claimed as owner. Williamson
claimed to be the owner, and as the arti
cles were taken away by Strong he ob
tained a search warrant, and in the com
plaint it is stated that the goods were on
the steamer Dauntless at Steuart-street
wharf, but in the warrant they were
alleged to be at 6 Eddy street, where they
were recovered.
( "o!lins argued yesterday that under sec
tion 1525 of the Penal Code the complaint
must state the "person, place and proper
ty to be searched," and as the complaint
gave the place as the steamer Dauntless
and the search warrant 6 Eddy street,
where they were actually found, there
fore the court had no jurisdiction, and
he asked that the proceedings be quashed.
The Judge overruled the motion, and Col
lins gave notice that he would apply for
a writ of prohibition to test the point.
Lincoln Relief Corps.
On the occasion of the last held meeting
of Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3. a reception
was tendered to Mrs. Edith M. Comstock,
the retiring president, who is to leave this
city for Shasta County, where her hus
band has taken up his residence. There
was a pleasing programme and an ad
dress commending the retiring officer,
who has been a faithful and hard working
officer and a true friend of the old sol
diers. The membership of Lincoln Post
was present, and C. J. Handley, the com
mander, had something nice to say about
the work performed by Mrs. Comstock.
There was a collation, and at its close all
wished the guest of the evening prosper
ity in her new home.
"Echoes From the Late War."
Despite the inclemency of the weather
there was a fair audience at the First En
glish Lutheran Church last night to listen
to a lecture by J. W. Erwin, president of
the California Camera Club. His subject
was "Echoes From the Late War With
Spain, and he illustrated it with some
very fine stereoptlcon views. Among those
shown were the California Volunteers, the
principal bauieships engaged in the At
lantic and Pacific waters, the naval offi
cers and the destruction of Spain's fleet
off Santiago. The lecture aroused the pa
triotic ardor of the audience and the lec
turer were greeted with great applause.
A Young Violinist.
Gerome Helmont, the famous boy vio
linist, who has been touring the country,
arrived from Portland yesterday morn
ing and is at the Palace. He is a hand
some young chap, modest and unassum
ing, and he was somewhat taken aback
by the number of prominent musicians
who assembled to meet him. He is the
favorite pupil of Musin, who declares
that the world has never known such a
wonder. He is accompanied by Miss
Grace Preston, the contralto, who toured
with Nordlca last season, and Miss Ida
Simmons, the noted pianiste.
Customs Receipts at Manila.
Deputy Surveyor of Port St. John is in
receipt, of a letter from "Wallace Evans in
which he states that the customs receipts
at Manila exceed $20,000 a day and are in
creasing rapidly. Wallace Evans is the
son of Captain John H. Evans, who was
sent by the United States Government to
take charge of the customs service In the
Philippines. He is his father's confiden
tial clerk.
Rosenthal This Afternoon.
Rosenthal wiVl give a matinee recital at
the Metropolitan Temple to-day at half
past 2. The advance sale is the largest
yet had and the house promises to be
packed. The orogramme includes Weber's
sonata, op. 39, Schumann's '"Etudes
Symphonkjues," Chopin's "Nocturne."
Scherzo and valse, op. 42, Rubinstein's
"Miniatures" and Liszt's "Hungarian
Rhapsodies."
Mrs. Stanford in Control.
Judge Coffey has signed the order of
distribution in the estate of the late In
land Stanford and the property is now in
the sole control of Mrs. Jane Stanford,
widow of the deceased. The money of all
beneficiaries who refused to pay the col
lateral inheritance tax was ordered placed
in deposit until the Supreme Court passes
upon the validity of the tax law.
W. A. Strohmeier & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made randies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 10u6 Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1899.
CHRISTMAS AT THE GRECO-RUSSIAN CHURCH.
Celebrated With Great Pomp and Very Impressive
Ceremonies.
CHRISTMAS, which, according to the
liturgy of the Graeco-Russlan
Church, falls on January 6, was
celebrated yesterday morning- at 10
o'clock with great pomp and most im
pressive ceremonies at the Cathedral on
Powell street. The chapel was beauti
fully decorated with evergreen and holly,
and the myriads of lighted candles and
gorgeous vestments of gold and silk worn
by the celebrants formed a picture of
glittering splendor.
Bishop Tikhon, who recently arrived
from Russia to assume charge of this dio
cese, officiated at the mass in full pon
tlfical robes. He was assisted by Archl- wns intoned In the nlfl Slavonic and Greek Krebsky. who came from Russia with
jnandrites Theoklltis and Anatoldi and languages, the major part of the lntona- Bishop Tikhon, and who has b*»en ap-
Rev. Father Pashkovsky. Rev. Peter tlon being rendered ! y Archdeacon Popoff pointed leader of the choir; and N. Kraa-
Popoff was the archdeacon and Theodore in a. deep, sonorous bass voice. off, bass.
Dabovich and John Kazanskoff acted as Special Christmas music was sung by an The services were lengthy, and it was 1
sub-deacons. The acolytes in attendance augmented choir, composed of Paul Lldga, o'clock before the large congregation that
were Ferris Kappa, Sosmo Constantine leader and bass; sopranos, Mesdames N. had gathered to do honor to the Redeemer
and Homer Kappa. Miller and Popoff; altos, Miss X. Metrop- on his anniversary filed out of the sacred
The regular mass of the Russian church olsky and Miss M. Dabovich; tenor, M. edifice.
KELLY KNOWN
AS A CLEVER
PICKPOCKET
Record of the Police
Court Clerk.
THE POLICE INDIGNANT
HIS PICTURE ADORNS THE
ROGUES' GALLERY.
Arrested on Several Occasions. He
Managed to Escape Conviction
Through His Potent
"Pull."
The police are incensed over the action
of the Supervisors in appointing Tom
Kelly clerk of Judge Graham's court.
Kelly, they say, is a well-known pick
pocket. He has been arrested on several
occasions for picking pockets, but through
his potent "pull" he has managed to es
cape conviction.
A short time ago he and a notorious
THOMAS KELLY, Police Court ClerK and Koown
as a PicKpocKet.
crook named Kins were arrested at Third
and Townsend Btreets while in the act
of picking a woman's pocket. They were
detained in the <"ity Prison for several
days, but were liberated on the woman's
refusing to swear to a complaint against
them.
The morning after he had been appoint
ed clerk of the Police Court Kelly visited
the City Prison and In an insolent man
ner demanded the list of prisoners whose
cases were assigned to Judge Graham's
court. It happened that a police officer
followed Kelly into the prison and the
desk sergeant, thinking that the present
clerk of Police Court 3 was under arrest,
proceeded to book him.
"Say, you don't know who I am," an
grily remarked Kelly when asked for the
name. "I am the feller wot' a been ap
pointed clerk in Judge Graham's court.
Are you next?"
After consulting the list of clerks the
desk sergeant was astonished to see Kel
ly's name among them. He was then
handed the list, of prisoners, and as he
walked away he vehemently declared that
! he would "h'x the guy" that tried to in
! jure him.
Kelly's picture Is to be found In the
Rogues' Gallery. When he was first ar
rested for picking pockets the police had
his "mug" photographed and placed It in
the gallery of crooks. For some unex
plained reason Detective Egan. whose
blundering methods in criminal cases
have on several occasions nearly cost him
his star, seems determined to shield Kel
ly. When asked yesterday if he knew
that Kelly's picture adorned the Rogues'
Gallery he feigned ignorance and refem d
the questioner to his superior officer. As
Egan had arrested the new Police Court
clerk on two occasions for picking pock
ets and was responsible for his picture
being taken by the police, his silly atti
tude in the matter Is amusing, to say
the least.
It is not unlikely that Kelly will be
an important witness in the Gallagher
murder case. The detectives who are
working on the case are convinced that
he was an eye-witness to the murder and
| assisted in trying to cover up the evi
dence of the bloody crime.
The First Bomb Fired
In the Furniture War. See to-morrow's
Call. •
LEFT HOME
AND HUSBAND
FOR ANOTHER
H. N. Wilbur's Wife
Deserted Him.
SHE LED A DOUBLE LIFE
WHILE HE WAS AWAY SHE WENT
THE ROUNDS WITH A FRIEND.
It Is Believed That She Is in Los An
geles With Fred Walker and
the Husband Will Try
to Find Them.
When Henry N. Wilbur, a railway mall
clerk on the run from this city to Los
Angeles, arrived home last Monday even
ing he found a surprise of the most un
pleasant nature awaiting him. His wife
was gone, as was almost everything of
value about the house.
At first he thought a dastardly crime
had been committed, that his house had
been robbed and his wife murdered, and
was on the point of notifying the police
when he found a letter conveying the
heart-breaking news that his wife was
unfaithful to him arid had deserted him
for another. It read as follows:
Dear Henry: This letter will be a surprise
and a shock to you, I am sure. AVhen you are
reading it I will be far away, never to come
into your life again. Think kindly of me and
forgive me if I cause you pain, but you will
soon forget.
You have been a good, kind husband until
lately. The life we have been living will not
do for either of us. You can now get rid of
your debts and get on jour feet. You will not
have me to longer burden you.
I cannot write more. I have not told any
one of my plans or what I intend to do. No
one is to blame. I am only unhappy to cause
you any suffering, but I don't regret the step
I am taking. Farewell for ever. From your
wife. Loots. I am leaving San Francisco
never to return.
Inquiry among Wilbur's friends elicited
the information that Fred Walker, also a
clerk in the railway mail service, has for
the past year been a frequent visitor
at the Wilbur home at 1936 Ellis street,
and that he and Mrs. Wilbur were con
stant companions while the unsuspecting
husband was on his runs. Mrs. Wilbur,
when her husbajid was away, has been
addicted to gay company and soothing
beverages, although a model wife when
he was at home. He has never suspected
that there was anything wrong or that
Walker was anything but a mutual
friend of himself and his wife.
It has been learned that Mrs. Wilbur
went to Los Angeles lasl week, and her
husband will endeavor to find her there.
He promises to make things lively for
Walker when he finds him.
Get To-Day's
News Letter for the political situ
ation at Sacramento and for the
twenty-eight pages filled with the
brightest local stories, the most caustic
comment on current topics, a breezy in
terview with the great pianist, Pader
ewski; a fine satyr on the administration
of law, and stories, social doings and
excellent dramatic criticism. The num
ber is especially interesting. For sale
by all news dealers, 10 cents per copy.
Dr. Lane's Lecture.
The first lecture of the seventeenth an
nual course given by the Cooper Medical
College was delivered last evening in the
auditorium of the college by Dr. L. C.
Lane. His subject was "Botany and
Botanists." A fair audience was in at
tendance, and the discourse was highly
enjoyable. In apologizing for the some-
•what small attendance, the doctor re
marked: "It is very evident that the
audience is not with us to-night, hut the
t=kios are They probably can do more
good for the science on which 1 am about
to speak than all the words I could ever
utter. The second of the course of lec
tures will be delivered by Professor op
Jenkins on Friday evening?. January' "fV
The subject of the discourse will be "How
the Blood Circulates "
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY I*
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Her Son Heard From.
For some time past Mrs. Alice Morris-
Bey, whn has been eking out an existence
by visiting saloons on the Barbary Coast
and sleeping at nights in the California
street police station, has been looking for
her son. The fart was published in the
papers, and yesterday ex-Judge Sweenev
received a letter from her son which he
turned over to the police. Hi' is ,-i private
in Company M. Eighth California Regi
ment, and is confined in the guardhouse
for some breach of discipline. He wants
to know how he can get his liberty so
as to give him a chance to support his
mother. The family was at one time In
well-to-do circumstances.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin Ets. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub '^tths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Mannfactarers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any »f th« TtOmrtmg Firm Plewi Mention "Tin C*IL"
ART WARB AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOEMNG,r39 lp B p ro n a g dwa a de Bupp ' led -
BELTINQ.
I p DFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting nnd
L. r. VCUCU, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Worts— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BRIFN & SONS~ Makers and Dealers in
DAICn a 3Wnjf.uridaus Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate ave. and Polk
st., San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths,
nVr's at sheet copper and tubing. improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYF^ * C(i Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIC3 (I tU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
OllilO Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
II llnl\ Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIIJ tOT catalogue. GEO. W. BHREVE.
w w "39 Market street.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co. Importers 8 Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Sc Medley. Proa*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every D*.
scriptioa Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
FORMED TO
EDUCATE, NOT
TO MURDER
Chinese Society Seeks
an Injunction.
IT APPEALS TO THE COURTS
DKNTES THE ALLEGATIONS OF
THE POLICE.
Harbors No Highbinders or Hatchet
men, but Simply Teaches the
Young Chinese Mind to
Shoot.
The "Chinese Educational Society" <3«.
nies the allegation of Chief Lees, Lieu
tenant Esola and Detective Ed Gibson
that the organization is the harbor of
thugs and hatchetmen. It also seeks to
avoid having its headquarters smashed
by axes wielded by brawny policemen.
To disprove the allegations and to pre
vent the smashup the directors of the
society filed .suit yesterday to enjnin the
officials mentioned from further molesting
them or interfering with their property.
In the petition for an injunction it is set
forth that the society is duly incorporated
under the laws of the State for the sole
purpose of teaching the young Chinese
mind to shoot.
It is organized, It is averred, for the
purpose of instructing Chinese youth in
tiie English language, and for that pur
pose a Caucasian teacher has been em
ployed. No highbinders and none of th«
lawless element are harbored in the estab
lishment, it is contended, but notwith
standing this fact the police threaten to
break in, without authority of law, and
chop, break, smash and tatter the fur
nishings and draperies. These furnishings
are valued at $1000, the Chinese claim,
ami if the police get in and commence
work they will be out just the value of
the property. For these reasons an in
junction is asked.
Notwithstanding the contention of the
Chinese the officers say that they are in
possession of sufficient proof to warrant
a raid on the establishment, and they will
prove to the court that the society is not
entitled to the relief asked.
WILL TRY FOR LIGHTS.
Mission Road Property-Owners Want
Their District Illuminated.
The Mission Road and Five-mile Im
provement Club, of which Dr. Emil To
rello is the president, will make another
attempt to obtain a little of the public
money for improvements in the district
west of College Hill. All appeals and
petitions heretofore sent to the Super
visors were referred to the committee
on "pigeon-holes," from which they were
never heard of afterward. A different fate
will, it is expected, be accorded petitions
from this portion of the city with the new
board. At all events Dr. Torello will en
deavor to have a building erected for the
housing of a chemical engine and a hose
cart in the neighborhood of China ave
nue. The necessity of an engine in this
section has been evident for a long time.
Another determined effort will be made
by the club to have electric lights ex
tended along' Crescent avenue from Mis
sion street to the San Bruno road, and in
other places where necessity exists for
them among the more thickly Inhabited
places. Following these a system of
street grading will be asked for.
This Week's Wasp.
This week's Wasp is one of the best is
sues of that paper ever published. It is in
bright colors, with the middle full page
half tone in three tints, the pages being
filled with sketches of humorous charac
ter. The budget of jokes and stories is
now and good. "Touchstone" in the the
atrical criticism passes pointed remarks
on "The Yellow Dwarf," and xh(+ immor
tals and fairies therein, and Teresa Doane
contributes some timely notes from the
events of New Year's In the social circle.
Rosenthal's visit receives comment from
R. A. Lucchesi, who renders tribute to
the genius of Paderewski's rival. Two
beautiful half-tone views from Manila
are in its pages, making the columns of
the Wasp as diversified and entertaining
in character as could be imagined.
Rebekah Lodge Installation.
The officers of California Rehekah
Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F., will be publicly
Installed In the Odd Fellows' building thia
evening.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFC. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds anl
Flannels, 535 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading cry-goods stores,
MARINE INSURANCE. "
S.YISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000
SYZ & CO., Agents,
301 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF PULP and paper co..
nILLHIfILIIC 722 Montgomery Strest.
PIANOS. i
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and SO O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTINQ.
EC HUGHES, SU PRINTER.
• V- IHJUIILQ, 511 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. I
Te c^e a 6 phc PARTRIDGE RSS^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., SSSFafgfr,,.'
TYPEWRITERS.
I§^ All Typewriters Rented.
lg«=s=?« Few partly used for sale cheaDL
•gagjjjJß AGENTS' SMITH PREMIER. .
Ji©E=§l9k L - &M - ALEXANDER.
"■*' • 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 92$ Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral of nee, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
— ,\
WATCHES. ETC. '.
TI lIVHV Headquarters for" fine Jewelry and
• LUmJI, ■„[! 18 . k- Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
■i-k- Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ita
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards — Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927. j