VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 8-7.
PRESIDENT
IS STYLED A
PECKSNIFF
Johnson of Indiana Scores
McKinley for His
Policy.
SENSATIONAL SPEECH IN HOUSE
Chief Executive Charged With Re
taining Philippines in Interests of
Capitalists Pledged to Aid Him.
Special Dispatc h to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— During the general debate upon the
army appropriation bill in the House to-day Johnson (R.) of Indi
ana, who a fortnight ago made several notable speeches violently at
tacking the policy of the administration during the consideration of
the army reorganization bill, returned to the assault and delivered
against the President and some of his advisers the most scathing
philippic heard in the House for months. He sneered at the Presi
dent and the influences which he alleged controlled him, impugned his
motives, questioned his sincerity and likened him to Dickens' most
contemptible character, charged his Secretary of War with incompe
tency and predicted that the President would in the end be engulfed
by adverse public sentiment. Although his utterances were far
more sensational than those in his former speeches and dazed some
of his auditors by the impetuosity with which they were delivered
the speech did not raise about him the storm of his former speeches.
Landis. one of his Republican colleagues from Indiana, briefly
stated to the House that Johnson's colleagues had repudiated him,
and the two members had a wordy duel. Later in the day Marsh (R.)
of Illinois replied to some of Johnson's strictures, but the Republican
leaders had evidently decided to ignore the attacks of the Indianan
and no general reply was made to his speech to-day.
THE army appropriation bill to
day was lost sight of in the gen
eral discussion of the policy of
the Government relative to the
Philippines and several notable
' speeches -were made, particularly that,
of. Settle (D.) of Kentucky. The gen
: eral, debate on the bill closed to-day,
" and to-morrow will be taken up j for
•'. amendments under the five-minute rule. j
. .' When Johnson rose for his remarks j
■ Jie at <mcc- attracted the attention of j
.the House.
• "A few evenings ago." he began, "the
• Home Market Club of Boston gave a
.banquet at which the President was the
principal guest. From the newspaper
accounts of the affair it was an exceed
ingly elaborate one. The Secretary of
War was in attendance, he whom the
Boston populace had hissed upon the
• " street a few hours before, ere they
turned to greet with rapturous ap
■ plause the chief who had bestowed
upon him his official character.
■ "We can hardly blame them, though,
for this, Mr. Chairman, for they were
only following the precedent set them
• by some of the leading Republican
1 newspapers of the country, which for
■ months past have been fiercely attack
. ing the Secretary and yet have lacked,
the courage to lay their ax to the root
of the evil and censure the gentleman
who. to reward him for his political
services and disbursements in the cam
paign of '96, appointed him to his pres
ent position and has maintained him
there ever since, notwithstanding his
lncompetency and against the righteous
complaints that have been made
.against him.
The Secretary of the Navy also
• ...graced the occasion with his presence,
•'and so far forgot his usual courtesy, so
"belled his New England training
: . and associations, as to repeat the stale
•."and untruthful charge that those who
'opposed the ratification of the infa
•.•mous treaty of peace with Spain wete
-.responsible for the bloodshed that odV
1 "cufred in the -Philippines. •
"; '-When the Chief. Magistrate had
.•ceased speaking another member of the
..official family, the gentleman who pre
., »ides over the Postoffice Department,
. iwpse in his place and proceeded to load
."his chief down with a eulogy so ful
some and extravagant, so absolutely
.given over to hyperbole that no indi
vidual not wholly eaten up with vanity
jdould possibly have endured it without
"•nausea. and disgust.
•-""•"The newspapers further inform us
..that among other decorations, there
"■ "-were suspended over the entrance to
• the banquet hall three portraits, one
.'• of Washington, one of Lincoln and one
.of the President himself, and that be
.'"' neath this the word 'Liberators.' Now
.'George Washington fought • with his
sword for eight long and bloody years
• to establish the right of a people to
"govern themselves, and in his farewell
.:. address he counseled his countrymen
to live on terms of amity with all na
tions, and to enter into entangling al
liances with none.
' "Abraham Lincoln's whole political
life was a contention for the rights of
men. and it was his kindly hand which
' penned the immortal emancipation
proclamation that struck the shackles
from the limbs of millions of bonds
men. One would think, sir. that the
gentleman who was just then engaged
•in the prosecution of a bloody war
against a poor and defenseless people
In the Orient/engaged in the unsavory
' task of Christianizing them with the
,■ sword and • civilizing them at the
mouths of . cannon, would naturally
'•have felt some little embarrassment as
he gazed upon these portraits and read
the significant inscription below. Pos
sibly his excellency did not see them.
Hp -may have turned his back upon
them just as he has turned his back
L -upon the declaration jof independence.
• Be- this as it may. sir, the President
does not appear to have been at all
: abashed by this incongruous circum
„ stance, but he arose from his §e§.t and
The San Francisco Call.
there, within the shadow of the monu
ment of Bunker Hill, where Warren
fell, fighting for liberty, and within a
stone's throw of Fanueil Hall, where
time and again the true sons of the
old Bay State have sent forth to the
country their messages of freedom, he
delivered perhaps the most remarkable,
certainly the most disingenuous, ad
dress that ever fell from the lips of
an American President. This address.
diverted of its verbiage, considered
apart from -its platitudes and the osten
tatious profession of virtue with which
It was interlarded, was- nothing more
or less than a carefully devised and
studious mlsstatement of the issue be
tween the chief executive and those of
his own party who are opposed to his
wretched policy in the Philippines. It
was an effort to befog tlje subject and
to mislead the public judgment. We
are told, sir, that this address was re
ceived with enthusiastic applause by
those who heard it, but we who read
it in cold print in the light of the in
defensible tragedy now being enacted
near the shores of Asia, involuntarily
think of that creation of Charles Dick
ens, who was accustomed to roll his
eyes piously to heaven and exclaim
with great ostentation to those _about
him, 'My friends, let us be moral,' and
who was the father of two daughters,
one of whom he named Charity and the
other Mercy.
"His Excellency declared upon this
occasion, if not in so many words, at
least in effect, that he had never en
tertained any policy with respect to th&
Philippines up to the time the treaty
of peace was ratified; but that he had
simply held them as commander in
chief, the questions as to their disposi
tion and control to be determined there
after by Congress.
"If the chief executive really feels as
he declared at the banquet that he did,
that the disposition of the Philippines
is a matter to be determined by Con
gress, why does not he call a special
session of Congress to settle the mat
ter at once and then keep his hands
off? Heaven knows, there is need of
action. If he is sincere, why did he
permit his supporters in the Senate to
vote down the other day the Bacon res
olution which distinctly declared that
the United States entertained no inten
tion of permanently holding these isl
ands? Why did he Insist that the Mc-
Enery resolution should be passed, a
resolution which is a fraud, a delusion
and a snare — a shameful evasion which,
like a Christmas tree, has something
upon it for everybody. That resolution
is intended simply to quiet the con
science of the American people, to lull
all opposition to sleep while the Presi
dent goes ahead, waging relentless and
merciless war against the Filipinos and
laying deep and secure the foundations
for a permanent American colony.
"Mr. Chairman, I am determined that
the President shall neither befog the
issue between himself and those of the
Republican party who oppose his Phil
ippine policy nor mislead the public
judgment, nor shirk the responsibility
for the grossest blunders which he has
committed in connection with this great
problem. I insist that the whole policy
is not simply an error, but that it is
a crime; and that the chief executive
of this nation is the one who has pre
cipitated upon us the embarrassments
and the difficulties by which we are
now confronted. I insist that he did
not simply hold the Philippines as com
mander in chief, leaving the question
of disposition and control of them to
Congress, but that he formulated and
put into execution an affirmative and
aggressive policy, that of their perma
nent annexation to this country, and
forced it to the Senate with all the
power and influence which his high of
fice enabled him to employ.
"The President's first impression was
to demand of the people of the Philip
pines simply a coaling station, a meas
ure amply sufficient for all of our legiti
mate j?vu3>oses and the evacuation of.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
REPUBLIC OF FRANCE
IN SMALL DANGER
PARIS, Feb. 24.— M. Paul
Deroulede is trying hard to
turn his blunder into an act of
heroism. It was apparently the
Government's wish to let him
down so easily that only the ri
diculous side of his escapade
would strike the people. There
is only amusement felt at the way
in which he walked into the open
arms of the police just at the mo
ment when the authorities were
wondering how to prevent him
doing mischief without at the
same time adding to his impor
tance in the eyes of the populace.
His grotesque appeal of yester
day gave him a fine opportun
ity. After haranguing General
Roget to save France from some
thing which he was too exjcited to
specify definitely, M. Deroulede
committed the blunder of refus
ing to leave the barracks when
ordered to do so, and was
promptly arrested on the ridicu
lous charge of illegal trespass.
When Deroulede was told by
M. Cochefert, Chief de la Police
de Surete, last night what the ac
cusation against him was he was
stupefied with indignation. To
dream of revolution and be ar-
M. LUCIEN MILLEYOYE.
rested for trespassing was too
much for his ebullient nature,
and he broke out with an indig
nant protest, declaring that he
had attempted to induce the sol
diery to join him in overthrowing
the parliamentary republic and
replacing it with some embryonic
monstrosity which he calls a
"plebescitary republic," pre
sumably meaning a form of gov
ernment in which he would ap
peal to the people represented by
the gang that is always at his
heels upon every important ques
tion.
Perhaps the truth is lie saw
that the contempt with which the
Government was preparing to
treat his abortive coup would
kill him politically, so he made a
bid for a martyr's crown by
pleading guilty to the serious
crime of sedition, for which the
code provides punishment of
from three months' to two years'
imprisonment with a fine of 3000
francs. M. Deroulede has de
clared his offense and signed his
the Island by Spain without a com
pensation by the taxpayers of the
United States. Had he adhered to his.
however, all would have been well. The
whole Union would have followed him
cheerfully and to-day we would have
been at peace with the Philippine re
public; our army and navy, which is
now waging war against our former
friends and allies, would have been dis
banded. No army bill for a standing
army of 100,000 men would have been
pending and we could now be getting
M. PAUL DEROULEDE.
declaration. M.. Marcel Habert
his lieutenant, says he is willing
to do what his chief says.
There was much excitement in
the Chamber of Deputies this af
ternoon and a large attendance of
members.
The President of the House,
M. Deschanel, declared that he
had received a request to prose
cute MM. Deroulede and Mar
cel Habert. The statement was
greeted with cries of "Read."
The President then read a let
ter from the Public Prosecutor,
according to which General
Roget deposed that a band of
men, headed by Deroulede and
Marcel Habert, followed his bri
gade and entered the courtyard
of the barracks occupied by the
troops.
MM. Deroulede and Marcel
Habert, the general further de
posed, questioned the officers
and refused to leave when re
quired to do so. Therefore they
were arrested and confessed that
they wished to lead the troops
ready to reduce instead of getting ready
to greatly increase the burden of our
taxation. But the President committed
a fatal error. He wrote into that treaty
the absolute transfer of Spanish sov
ereignty over the Philippines to our
selves and the payment of $20,000,000 as
a consideration for the cession. Then
he issued to the people of the Philip
pines a proclamation in which ho in
formed them that the United States
had succeeded to the title of Spain, de
clared that the government and con
into a revolutionary movement
and replace the "parliamentary
republic by a plebiscite republic"
(Uproar.)
The two Deputies mentioned
were then removed to the police
station.
The Public Prosecutor asked
for authority to prosecute the
two prisoners on the charge of
attempting to turn - the troops
from their duty. :* -
M.Castelin, Republican mem
ber for one of the -divisions of
Aisne, moved that MM. Derou
lede and Marcel Habert be set at
liberty, provisionally, without
prejudicing their prosecution, de
claring that he knew of their love
for the republic, and did not be
lieve his friends were as guilty as
represented.
. The Premier, M. Dupuy, said
a decision whether or not to
prosecute the two Deputies ought
to be taken without delay, and
he asked the Chamber to imme
diately appoint a committee with
instructions to report on the sub
ject this evening..  ; \
.. M. Laces, . Nationalist, repre
senting the Condom district of
Geers. said he had accompanied
MM. Deroulede and Marcel Ha
bert to the gate of the barracks,
and asked to be included in . the
prosecution.
-• The House then adjourned for
the bureau to meet and elect the
committeemen. The bureau se
lected a i committee unanimously
favorable to ; ; the prosecution of
MM. Deroulede. and Marcel Ha
bert and opposing M. Castelin's
motion.- After the briefest meet
ing, at which ' M. Dupuy was
'heard on the question, the com
mittee decided to authorize the
prosecution . of the two Depu
ties, and subsequently reported
to the ; Chamber, by a
show of hands, voted for the
prosecution and defeated M. Cas
telin's amendment:
Messrs. Deroulede and Marcel
Habert were transferred during
the day to the Prison de la Sante.
; M . , M illevoy e will be tried be
fore the Correctional Court for
assaults on the police. The Chief
of i Police has commenced ; , a
search of the headquarters of the
League of Patriots, situated in
the Rue dcs Petits Champs. '
trol of their territory belonged to us,
ordered them to pay their taxes to the
military government which he estab
lished over them and blandly made
known to them that our mission in their
midst was one of 'benevolent assimila
tion.'
"The President drove the treaty
through the Senate by the unlimited
exorcise of all those powers and in
■ flu<?nces which the great office he holds
I makes possible.
"What, then, did the chief executive
Continued on Fifth Pas.©.,
DOES DEWEY
FEAR GERMAN
INTERVENTION ?
Asks for the Battle Ship
Oregon as a Political
Necessity.
WASHINGTON IS APPREHENSIVE
A Disquieting Rumor That Ma
rines Have Been Landed From
the Cruiser Irene.
♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
♦ "MANILA, Feb. 24.— ♦
♦ For political reasons the
+ Oregon should be sent +
♦ here at once. DEWEY." +
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: The cablegram from Ad
miraJ Dewey to-day, asking for the Or
egon, was in the nature of a bombshell
to the administration. Unfortunately
for the authorities. Admiral Dewey
made no explanation of what the "po
litical reasons" were that necessitated
the immediate dispatch of the battle
ship to the Philippines.
Admiral Dewey's message was one of
the principal topics of discussion at the
Cabinet meeting. After the meeting a
member of the Cabinet gave me this
statement in reference to the sensa
tional dispatch from the naval com
mander:
"So far as we know, there is nothing
in the international situation in the
Philippines requiring the presence of
an overwhelming force at Manila-
There is no question pending between
the United States and any foreign gov
ernment relating to the archipelago.
"No complain has been made of the
inability of this Government to pro
tect foreign subjects and their prop
erty, and no intimation has been re
ceived that any foreign government
proposes to submit a claim for dam
ages on account of the destruction of
property in the city.
"It is my opinion, and the President
and other member of the Cabinet view
the matter in the same way, that Rear
Admiral Dewey, in cabling for the Ore
gon, desires to have in the Philippines
a battle ship flying the American flag
which might impress the Filipinos with
the naval power of this country.
"It is true that he has at his dis
posal a large number of smaller ships,
but the moral effect of the presence of
the Oregon would be such that it might
impress the Filipinos with the futility
of resisting a government like the
United States."
Notwithstanding this pacific state
ment on the part of this Cabinet mem
ber, there is an underlying apprehen
sion of trouble, and it is expected that
Admiral Dewey will immediately ac
quaint Secretary Long with the nature
of the "political reasons" which caused
him to request that he be reinforced by
the Oregon.
The Americans have been victorious
In every conflict and the natives suf
fered enormous losses, but it does not
seem to have affected their fanatical
desire to rid themselves of the Ameri
cans. It is pretty certain that Otis will
have to keep on fighting until his army
is increased to such an extent that it
will be able to inaugurate an offensive
campaign against the rebels and com
pletely crush them.
General Corbin said this morning,
after reading the dispatch from Gen
eral Otis, that he was satisfied the
worst was over at Manila, and that the
arrival of the Scandia, together with
the knowledge among the insurgents
that General Lawton with other rein
forcements will speedily appear, will
put an end to their activity. He had
no doubt that the rebels were putting
forth their utmost efforts to drive out
the American force before a large body
of regulars could arrive, as this course
was strongly urged on Aguinaldo by
his agents in Washington, Paris and
Hongkong. These agents expressed the
opinion that unless the Americans
could be defeated before fresh and
thoroughly seasoned troops arrived
they could never be beaten.
So far as is known here the only Ger
man man-of-war in the Philippines is
the Irene, which is at Manila, though
at Hongkong the Germans have the
Kaiserine Augusta and several other
cruisers which might be sent to the
Philippines.
It was stated to-day that Rear Ad
miral Dewey might want the Oregon
because he had learned that the Ger
mans proposed to reinforce the Irene
and he desired to have available a
squadron which would overawe the
German admiral and prevent him from
resuming the high-handed tactics
which he pursued last summer.
It was reported at the department to
day that a large number of German
marines had been landed at Manila, but
neither Secretary Long nor Secretary
Alger had received any official infor
mation on this point at the close of
office hours.
It. is admitted in administration cir
cles that the effect of a large squadron
upon the representatives of foreign
governments in the Philippines would
be excellent, and it may be Admiral
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Dewey had this in view when he sent
his dispatch concerning the Oregon.
Though it was stated at the Navy
Department at the close of office hours
that no instructions had been sent to
the Oregon to expedite her departure
from Honolulu for Manila, it is expect
ed that she will be communicated with,
if possible, by the army steamer leav
ing San Francisco on Sunday. Proba-
CONFERENCE OF
MANILA CONSULS
MANILA, Feb. 25.-10:15 a. m.
— The foreign Consuls met to
confer regarding commercial In
terests, but the result of their
deliberations has not been com
municated, it is understood, to
the American authorities. The
British Consul was not present
at the conference.
The shooting of two English
men and of Mr. Argentine, man
ager of the Andrews cotton mill
at Tondo, on Wednesday is gen
erally regretted, but it is ad
mitted that it was Q.uJJe una
voidable. Instead of remaining
in the stone basement during the
excitement occasioned by the
fires in ti^p vicinity, the trio
leaned from an upper window.
Their white suits attracted the
attention of the American sol
diers, who, believing them to be
natives firing from the windows,
shot all three. Mr. Argentine is
dead. Mr. Simpson is fatally
wounded and Mr. Haslam
slightly.
bly, however, the Oregon will have
sailed before the army steamer arrives.
AMERICAN WOMEN PLACED
ON TRANSPORTS FOR SAFETY
MANILA, Feb. 24.— The transport
Scandia, bearing American troops, ar
rived here last night. General Wheaton,
who was in command, reporting to
General Otis at midnight. The Twen
tieth Infantry lands to-day.
The strict precautions taken last
I night by the American authorities for
! the prevention of a renewal of the fires
j and disturbances proved effective.
I There were only two small fires in the
Santa Cruz and Pendacan districts.
The streets were deserted at an early
hour.
Tondo district is now cleared of reb
! els. Numerous arrests of suspected na-
I tives have been made.
It is impossible to praise too highly
the scheme of General Hughes, Provost
Marshal, for the prevention of fires, the
re-establishment of order within the
city and the defeat of the attempted
uprising. He has been working contin
uously for two days and nights, in spite
of injury from a fall.
Sharpshooting. which has been going
on in various parts of the city, has
practically ceased, but there is contin
ued skirmishing on General McArthur's
front. One American was killed and
four were wounded this morning.
The church of San Francisco del
Monte, which was used by insurgents
as a fortress and from which yester
day's attack upon the First South Da
kota Infantry was made, was bom
barded by the Utah Battery this morn-
ing.
Despite the excitement of the past
two days business is proceeding aa
usual, and there is general confidence
In the ability of the authorities to
maintain order.
The American women in the city were
sent on board the transports to-day to
safeguard them against danger.
A military government similar to that
of Manila has been established at Ilo
ilo.
The Negros Island delegates had an
other conference with General Otis yes
terday. •
SPANISH STATESMEN
DISCUSS PEACE TREATY
MADRID, *Feb. 24. — In the # Chamber
of Deputies to-day the debate" upon the
peace treaty was continued. The Min
ister of Finance, Senor Puigceiver, re
proached Senor Silveala, the Conserva
j tive leader, with speaking more like
j "an American Minister than a Spanish
statesman."
Senor Moret y Prendergast, former
Minister for the Colonies, also defended
himself against Senor Silveala's at
tack, declaring that the destruction of
the United States battleship Maine was
the first cause of the' war. He said that
when General Lee visited the battleship
after the explosion the latter exclaimad
"Now I have it."
"The truth is." said Senor Moret,
"that the United States wanted a war
in order to attain imperialism, and
Spain waa the victim."2
LATEST SCANDAL
AROUSES THE IRE
OF HONEST MEN
Indignation in Legislative Circles
Over Attempt to Bribe
Raub.
MOST FLAGRANT OUTRAGE MADE
KNOWN.
Only Lack of Time Prevents a Rigid Investigation
Into Tbis Effort to Debauch an Assemblyman
With an Offer of Office or Money.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— The allegations ».f
bribery made by Assemblyman C. <:.
Raub against an agent of D. M. Burns
have created a sensation in legislative
circles.
The attempt which was made to cor
rupt the chairman of the Committee on
Corporations of the Assembly was one
of the most flagrant outrages on the
dignity and decency of the Legislature
that has yet come to light. There is
reason to believe that this latest scan
dal in the campaign of the Mexican
will develop incidents far more sen
sational than those which have ap
peared, and that It will be found if the
Assembly chooses to pursue the inves
tlgatli i!, that a prominent State official
is involved in the affair. There was a
feeling of uneasiness In official circles
generally and in the camp of the Mexi
can the customary blustering and
meaningless thivats were made and
unnoticed by those who knew the Mcx •
lean and the methods of his campaign
ers.
There is now no longer any question
that the representatives of Dan Burns,
with or without authority, are using
the weapon of State patronage to ad
vantage. Promises of places or their
equivalent in cash are seductive in
ducvments and the tricksters of the
Burns outfit are using them not only
to reduce but to intimidate.
Assemblyman Raub had but very lit
tle further to say In reference to the
attempt that had been made to bribe
him. He declared that there is abso
lutely no question that the man who
approached him so mysteriously and
secretively had full power to act as the
agent of Dan Burns. The man who
made the offer is a recognized cham
pion of the Mexican and^enjoys the lat
ter's confidence in the scheme to win
the Federal Senatorship. No idle inter
ference suggested his offer, therefore,
and Raub knew well that he could de
pend upon the sincerity of the over
tures that were made. Whether or not
the promises could be kept as tar as
the delivery of State patronage is con
cerned is quite another matter that
may be determined by Burns and the
State officers that have assisted him
to the extent of their official positions
1n his fight to disgrace the State. The
offer of a money substitute is another
matter. It is bribery, pure and simple,
and adds another gross outrage to the
history of the scandal and blackguard
ism that Dan Burns has given to Cali
fornia.
There was considerable talk to-day
that the Assembly should institute a
rigid Inquiry, demand the name of the
ROUTINE WORK OF THE
SENATE IS NOW DULL
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 24.— Under Senator Smith"s
motion of yesterday the Senate has made
up another file of important measures
•which will be taken up and hurrk-d
through after the few bills remaining on
the special urgency file have been dis
posed of.
The Governor's message withdrawing
certain appointments from the considera
tipn of the Senate which had been re
ferred to the Committee on Executive
Communications was reported back with
the recommendation that it be approved.
The report was adopted.
The Governor notified the Senate that
he had vetoed Senate bill 82. providing
for the expending of $7500 in refitting the
office of the State Treasurer. His reason
for vetoing the measure was that there
was no real reason for the appropriation
and, besides, it was made payable out of
this year's funds instead of those of 1900.
Assemblyman White's bill in relation to
the appraisement of the estate of de
ceased persons was passed.
Dibble's Assembly bill 354. prohibiting
the defacing or desecration of the flag
and providing a punishment for any such
defacement, was passed to third reading.
Chynoweth's Assembly bill 399, amend
ing the act governing the organization
ana management of county fire insurance
companies so as to enlarge its powers,
was killed by the striking out of the en
acting clause on motion or Shortridge.
The Committee on Mileage and Attaches
recommended that $142 50 be allowed for
the expenses of the junket to Highland
Asylum in San Bernardino County and
$72 85 be allowed for the Junket to Napa
Asylum. The allowances were passed.
Then Senator Luchsinger offered a res
olution allowing five members of the Com
mittee on Finance and five from the Com
mittee on Prisons and Prison Buildings
to visit San Quentin Prison. There was
considerable opposition on the ground of
uselessness and expense, but the resolu
tion was finally adopted.
Senator Braunhart's pool-selling bill,
which, like Banquo's ghost, will not down,
came up again to-day. There was no con
sideration of the original, because Braun
hart had a substitute and this was intro
duced and ordered to print pending ac
tion. The substitute is practically Sena
tor Dickinson's bill to restart pool-sell
ing, with some of the best features of the
old bill added. The substitute prohibits
pool-selling on any contest except in the
track, inclosure or fair grounds where the
contest is held. Also that any person who
allow* or gives authority to any one to j
make books or who votes for any ordi- j
nance which allows such pool-selling shall i
be guilty of a felony.
THE SENATE PASSES
THE COYOTE BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MENTO, Feb. 24.— The redeeming feature }
of the evening's session of the Senate was ;
the consideration of Senator Laird's bill i
for the payment of the bounty on coyote j
scalps. It was In fact the evening session
all by Itself, for there was but little else
than Bcalp bounties treated of In the ora- 1,
man who attempted to bribe Aesem
i blyman Raub and punish the offender
to the full extent of the law. These sug
gestions have not yet taken formal
; shape and it is feared that they will
not, owing to the lateness of the ses
sion and the necessity of postponing
| and probably jeopardizing essential
legislation should an inquiry be held.
The Assembly as a body, however, is
' indignant that a new scandal has been
j added to so much already blotted into
Its history. Heelers of Burns are in
unpleasant presence around the lobbies
and within the railings and all who talk
with them are viewed with disfavor.
Assemblyman Raub was besieged by
his colleagues as well as by newspaper
j men yesterday, all asking for the name
i of him who had attempted to bribe him
lin the interest of Dan Burns. To all
j Assemblyman Raub made the same re
ply. He reiterated the statements he
had made at the caucus of Grant men
! and subsequently to The Call, but he
| positively declined to reveal the iden
■ tity of the man who approached him.
In explanation of this attitude As
; semblyman Raub says that he has
[ known the man for some time and does
not wish to expose him, although the
attempt at bribery was bitterly and
emphatically resented. Raub says that
i his only purpose in making the expose
i was to show to his colleagues and to
j the people of the State generally the
! dishonorable methods that Burns Is
employing in his campaign. Members
of the Legislature have been black
mailed, intimidated and, as far as pos
sible, bribed. They have been offered
place or coin, as in the instance of As
semblyman Raub, and when that failed
| they have been threatened with politl
. cal oblivion as the penalty for their re
fusal to join the forces of Dan Burns.
Assemblyman Raub knows as well as
others that Burns cannot win without
; a caucus and it is known also that out
i side influences upon which the Mexican
is depending are determined that the
caucus shall be held soon or not at all.
This reason explains why such a daring
offer was made to Raub, who has been
! with the Grant forces from the begin
ning and gave no indication that he
was wavering in his allegiance.
Raub, however, will go no further in
his expose than he has already done
unless he is forced to do so by the
proper authorities. Representatives of
Burns content themselves with abus
ing Raub, assuming that vituperative
abuse is legitimate denial. None of the
Mexican's touts are demanding, with
any degree of emphasis, however, to
have Raub name the man who sought
to bribe him. The incident remains an
other scandalous episode in a disgrace
ful campaign fought by the Mexican to
secure an honor that in his possession
would become a reproach to the State
and its people.
Tory that marked the flight of the evening
hours.
With the ears of the scavenger of the
j plains for a subject the Senators waxed
eloquent over the obligation of the State
to pay when it had contracted a debt, and
it was argued that the bounty was a
I legitimate debt and it should be settled
.to the tune of $287,000. Senator Smith
j spoke in favor of the bill and so did
Shortridge and Bettman and Simpson and
I Curtln. Senator Moxehouse objected to
; paying under the appropriation system
j provided for in the bill, and Senator Gil
! lette backed him up. Bulla took the other
' side principally on the matter of pro-
I cedure, for the bill requires that each
claimant shall prove his claim in court
before he Is paid.
Senator Doty was outspoken enough to
say he thought the bill was in the Inter
ests of speculators who had bought up
the claims and hoped to realize on them.
:He pointed to that section of the bill
i which allowed the Attorney General to
■ transfer the suits to Sacramento for trial
! for support of his theory that the poor
i man was not the rrifcn being looked out
j for. Senator Dickinson spoke along the
i same lines.
Senator Laird, who introduced the bill
and was responsible for all the trouble,
closed the debate on the line of "the State
must pay Us debts," and then the bill
went to a vote. The result was 19 to 12,
: and a call of the House was demanded
i and ordered. The necessary two votes
' were secured by the sergeant-at-arms,
and then Morehouse changed his vote
from no to aye. The ballot was an
nounced as being 22 to 11, and then More
house gave notice that to-morrow he
would move for a reconsideration.
WILD COURSE OF
SENATE BILL 56
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— Senate bill 56, Intro
duced by Senator Curtin of Tuolumne
i County, has run like a rolling stone
! through both houses of the Legislature,
; gathering moss In the way of amendments
i hi its erratic course. And It has not yet
found rest.
The bili. as originally submitted. In
creased the salary of the Judges of the
i Superior Court of Tuolumne County from
$3000 a year to $3500.. The- bill was referred
to the Judiciary Committee, where an
amendment was offered to add the Supe
rior Judges of San Francisco County to
those increased, and providing a raise for
thorn from $4000 to $6000; but the amend
ment was lost.
The bill was reported 'back to the Sen
ate as introduced, with the recommenda
tion that it pass. On second reading
Stratton moved to amend by adding the
San Francisco Judges and Increasing
them to $5000. The amendment was car
ried and the bill went to the printer to
have the amendment added.
The amendment was printed and the bill
came back for third reading, when Cutter
moved to amend by striking out the in
creased pay for the San Francisco Judges
and leaving them at their former $4000.
This amendment was carried by a vote
reversing the former action of the Senate,
and again the measure went to the print
er this* time to be pruned down.
Again the bill came back for third read
ing, and again there was an amendment
awaiting It. Stratton wanted to amend
Ly striking out .the $4000 for the San Fran-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
Cisco Judges and inserting $5200 instead,
but the amendment was lost, and as orig
inally introduced the bill was passed.
Then the vagrant measure wandered over
to the Assembly and at once began to
accumulate more amendments.
First it was amended by the insertion
of $5000 for San Francisco Judges, and to
them were added Slskiyou from $3500 to
14000, Shasta from $3000 to $3500 and Con
tra Costa with another raise, but Contra
Costa was taken out again. In this shape
the bill passed the Assembly and once
more it straggled back to its original
home, the Senate.
But the Senate would not stand for the
amendments the Assembly had tacked
on. Senator Laird, who had voted against
the San Francisco raise, said Shasta and
Sisklyou did not want a raise, and he be
lieved they had been put in there so he
would vote for the amended bill. He voted
"no" anyway. All the Assembly amend
ments were voted down, and now a con
ference committee, composed of Senators
Cutter. Davis and Sims, has been ap
pointed to confer with a similar commit
tee from the Assembly in order to- settle
Sn, jus ,\, how muoh the already overworked
bill will stand.
All this explains why the session of the
Legislature Is expected to last well into
iV3 ELTCII.
SHALL THE PEOPLE
VOTE FOR SENATOR ?
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— The resolution by Cam
inetti of Amador asking: that the States
of the Union be memorialized to ask Con
grops for a constitutional amendment
that will permit the election of United
States Senators by direct vote of the peo
ple was this morning the subject of as
Interesting a debate as has been heard in
the Assembly during this present session.
In defense of the resolution were lined
up Caminetti, Mead and Valentine of Los
Angeles. Opposed to it were Grove L.
Johnson. Judgo Dibble of San Francisco,
I Belshaw of Contra Costa and Melick of
Los Angeles.
Mr. Caminetti explained the course of
procedure that would be followed should
his resolution be adopted. He said it was
the law of the land that If two-thirds of
the States should call upon Congress for
such enactment as he proposed Congress
would be obliged to action. When
the required number of Stales call upon
Congress it ceases to be an appeal and
becomes a mandate. The Senate, he said,
was of course opposed to such an-amend
ment, but it was the opinion in Con
gress that the country s constitution
should be so changed.
In speaking to the resolution Johnson
of Sacramento said he for one dfd not
care to go on record as Raying that the
men who go into political conventions
were of higher order and greater honor
than the men who make up the State
Legislatures. "California," said he, "has
been represented In the Senate by good
men and it is not true that a poor man
can no longer be elected. Stephen M.
White is an example of the poor man who
ELEPHANT: "WELL, I'M THE ONLY ONE LEFT FOR THE CARTOONIST,"
has been elected to the Senate, and Steph
en M. White is a poor man."
The resolution, he declared, amounted to
the calling of a convention to amend the
constitution framed by Thomas Jefferson
and his great confreres. In these trou
blous times it would be a grave error to
call such a convention.
Those who tried to control a Legisla
ture in the election of a United States
Senator would use the same methods in
trying to influence a convention. The
remedy for the evil of corruption was to
prohibit the use of money in the pri
maries, the convention and the campaign.
The whole harm was done before the Leg
islature met, and not afterward, and the
bill the speaker had introduced prohibit
ing the use of money In Senatorial cam
paigns would remedy the evil.
Belshaw said that in nominating con
ventions combinations are possible that
could not exist In a Legislature, and that
they could be so manipulated that a nom
inee could be foisted upon the people
whom the people did not want, but for
whom they would have to vote or desert
their party-
Mead (D.) of Los Angeles said that
he was in favor of the resolution for the
reason that when a Legislature was to
be nominated in a Senatorial year the
question was not so much upon the can
didates' capacity for law-making as upon
whom they would vote to make Senator.
In this way, he said, the Legislature
became a machine for the making of a
Senator, to which the manufacturing of
laws was a secondary proposition.
Valentine (R.) of Los Angeles strongly
backed the stand taken by Mead. He de
nied that the peoole wouul be compelled
to swallow the candidate nominated in
convention. Under the present system
of elections the people, by petition, could
procure their own candidate. To-day Cal
ifornia stood disgraced before the people
of the United States.
The people of the State of California
wanted to vote directly for Senator, and
the Legislature of the State was com
posed of men who were presumed to
represent the people.
The people of the United States were
entitled to vote on the proposition as to
whether or not the election of a United
States Senator should be left to them.
There was a deadlock to-day in Califor
nia over the election of a Senator, and
this would be impossible if the people
were allowed to make the choice.
The resolution was finally so amended
that at the convention which it called for
only the one proposed amendment can be
considered, and the door not thrown open
to a wholesale breaking up of the con
stitution. To-morrow it will come up for
final action.
BELLA WOULD THROW
STRENGTH TO BARD
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— A bunch of Grant votes
may be all that prevents Thomas R. Bard
of Ventura falling heir to the eleven ad
herents who have stood by Robert N.
Bulla to this time when they realize that
no quip nor crank of fate can bring their
man to victory.
This much was decided to-night at a
JOHNSON AND HEARST
GET COMPLIMENTARIES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, Feb. 24. — Grovel
Johnson gave way to smiles of the
beamiest kind to-day when four
teen complimentary votes were
piled up for him on the first joint
Senatorial ballot. Those voting
for Johnson were: Senators Cutter
and Leavitt and Assemblymen De
Lancie, Dibble, Henry, Knights,
Knowland, La Baree. Lardner,
Merrill, Miller of San Francisco,
Raub, Robinson, Valentine.
There was but one thing to mar
the Johnson gladness. It was that
Willie Hearst of New York, at
whom Mr. Johnson has snarled
many threats of death and bod
ily harm, was the unanimous
choice of the Democratic minor
ity and polled just twice as many
votes as did Grovel.
The two honoraries were dis
posed of on the first bajlot; on the
second the voting settled clown
into its old groove and brought no
change. ' , ,
The second ballot resulted as fol
lows:
BARNES *|
ESTEE , 1
BULLA 11
BURNS 24
GRANT 24
BARD 3
SCOTT ?
DE VRIES (D.) 1
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
(D.) 26
PHELAN (D.) 3
conference held by Senator Bulla with his
followers at 6 o'clock. As on Monday last,
Mr Bulla announced before adjournment
was taken this afternoon In the Senate
and the Assembly that he had something
to say to his followers, and he invited
them' all to his quarters at the Golden
He reiterated his statement of the oth
er day that he could no longer hope to
win, and he wanted to arrange against
the time when the break would come. He
said that he had come here to Sacramen
to pledged to eleot a southern man Sena
tor if it could be done and if he could
not win himself he wanted to throw his
strength to Thomas R. Bard, who was a
tit man for the position and very popuiar
south of the Tehachapi. He was careful
to explain that he did not care to influ
ence the course of his adherents after
he had cast loose from them, but that
if they had no other leanings it would be
pleasing to hfm if they wDuld drop in be
hind the Venturan.
Senator Bulla. however, had a string on
his proposition. He did not want to
!<lve in unless he could get a half dozen
or so of the crowd just now voting- for
Ulysses S. Grant. Come what may. Grant
Is the last man that Bulla wants to elect.
Even if he retires from the Senatorial
race he will still be a conspicuous figure
in the situation and will use his energies
in the San Diegan's defeat. He knows
that there are men among Grant's follow
ers who are practically pledged to Bard,
and that If Bard sets them Grant's
chances of election will be even more re
mote than now. If he cannot start
Grant's forces breaking for Bard he will
stay in the fight to keep Grant out.
To the plan broached by Bulla to-night
all of his followers practically agreed.
They are willing to swing to the new
Richmond in the field if they can get
company for their trip over, and they
are looking for it in the Grant camp, and
a prominent figure in the scheme said to
night that he did not think they would
have much trouble in doing it judging
from the way some of the Grant people
are talking.
"Ever since Greenwell of Ventura
went over the other day there has been
a feeling of unrest in one section of the
Grant layout," he said, "and I think there
will be somethingdoing over there before
many days. Dan Burns is allthat is hold
ing that crowd together. They cannot
agree to go in a bunch to any one and
they do not want to take a chance on
Burns picking up any of the stragglers.
Bulla will try and show them the way to
go and from what a number of them have
said to me lately I think our little exodus
is not far off."
WAREHOUSE PATRONIZERS
WILL NOW BE PROTECTED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— 8y permission of four
fifths of the members on tfie floor to-day
Cargill of San Juan introduced a bill in
the Assembly which is designed to pro
tect persons who have occasion to pat
ronize warehouses and storehouses.
It provides that any firm or corpora
tion who conducts a warehouse or store
louse shall file with the County Clerk of
the county in which the business is con
ducted a bond to the people of the State
of California, with two sureties. In all
cities or cities and counties of the first
class the bond shall be in the sum of
$50,000; in cities of the second class, $25.
--000: in cities of the third and fourth
classes, $10,000; in cities of the fifth and
other classes. $5000.
The bonds shall be approved by a Judgs
of the Superior Court, and should any
patron of such warehouse suffer damage
or lops. by the misappropriation of goods
or oth it such loss he may sue in his own
name upon the bond.
The till was referred to the Committee
on Commerce and Navigation.
New Notaries.
CAtL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— Governor Gage to-day
made the following appointments of no
taries public: Albert Crutcher, Los An
geles; D. C. McGarvin, Los Angeles; C.
\V. Smith, Yalta, Merced County; Romle
C. Jacks, Monterey; H. S. Peabody, Santa
Ana; Peter "W. Beamer, Lakeside, San
Diego County; G. A. Whltehurst, San
Jose; and James W. Walker, Kirkwood,
Tehama County.
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Brcmo Quinine Tablets removes the
pause that produces La Grippe. The genuine
has L. B. Q. on each tablet; 85c. •
GREAT EVENTS
ARE POSTPONED
TO NEXT WEEK
Once More Interested Ones Are Referred to
the Future.
THE MEXICAN WILL BEAR WATCHING.
The People Are Too Near a Victory O?«r Corrnption, Intimi
dation and Coercion to Now. Be Tricked Into a
Defeat by Burns and the Railroad.
CALL. HEADQUARTER^, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— Opinion that impor
tant events will occur next week is
gaining strength to-night. The candi
dates for Senators themselves expect
that something will happen. The call
for a conference of Republicans next
Monday at 4 p. m. elicits some com
ment, although the conditions proposed
are suo+i as will prohibit discussion on
the merits of aspirants. The Grant
men are very shy of the scheme, fear
ing that there is a Mexican in the wood
pile. The promoters of the conference
aver that the suggestion did not ema
nate from the Burns camp, but was pro
moted by a desire to do something to
bring about an agreement among Re
publicans. If the exchange of views
leads to the conclusion that Grant and
Burns should retire from the field for
the good of the Republican party, a
recommendation to that effect may be
presented.
Senator Bulla was asked this even
ing if there was any truth in the re
port circulated to-day that there was
an effort to bring about a consolida
tion of the Grant forces with his own.
He replied that he had not been ad
vised of such a movement. The Bulla
men held a caucus or conference to
night. The only absentee was Assem
blyman Belshaw and he sent word that
he would abide by the decision of his
fellow supporters of the Los Angeles
Senator. After considerable talk, the
conference appointed Senator Gillette
and Assemblyman Valentine as a com
mittee to confer with candidates for
the Senate with a view of effecting
some sort of an agreement whereby a
Senator acceptable to the people may
be chosen. It is the opinion of Sena
tor Bulla that important changes will
occur about the middle of next week.
Thomas R. Bard of Ventura left here
for San Francisco this afternoon, but
will return next Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. Bard is in the hands of his friends,
so to speak, and they have doubtless
advised him that Sacramento will be a
dull place from Saturday afternoon un
til Monday morning.
The votes for Johnson o>n the first bal
lot in joint convention were cast by
Senators Cutter and Leayitt and As
eemblymen De Lancie, Dibble, Henry,
Knights, Knowland, La Baree, Lardner,
Merrill, Miller of San Francisco, Kaub,
Robinson and Valentine.
Phil Crhnmins arrived from San
Francisco this evening to look after
some matters of legislation in which he
is interested. He was asked late to
night if he had paid a visit to Colonel
Burns this evening, and replied that he
had not. He did not express any opin
ion as to the outcome of the Senatorial
struggle, but indicated that he was sat
isfied with the action of his friends in
supporting Colonel Burns.
The promise of an appointive office to
Raub in case he would enter a caucus
raises a deal of conjecture as to the
extent of patronage promises in the in
terest of Burns. No doubt many prom
ises are out respecting legislative meas
ures. In this connection the testimony
of Lamberson, which was not fully con
sidered by the members of the Legis
lature In the rush of exciting events,
is doubly interesting now. Lamberson,
in talking with a Burns man, was told
that unless members of the Legislature
lined up for Burns they would not
get their bills considered. It is ob
served now that Dibble is getting in po
sition to grasp legislation in the As
sembly, and as he is known to be one
of the ablest and most audacious of
Burns' supporters every move that he
makes ought to be closely studied. The
representatives of the people in the
Legislature have practically won this
fight against Burns, the machine and
the railroad and should not be tricked
out of the victory in the closing hours
of the session.
The signs of a secret caucus are
growing smaller by degrees and the
deadlock is as firm as ever. During the
past forty-eight "hours strong efforts
have been made on the quiet to effect a
reconciliation of the Grant and Bulla
forces, with the purpose of swinging.the
Bulla men into the Grant camp. Strong
appeals have been made to • sectional
pride in order to attain the coalition.
The feeling at one time between these
factions was very bitter, but it has been
to some degree allayed recently, but
whether it can be subdued to the extent
of bringing about a solid front of the
southern men is not clear. It is claimed
here that the influence of Senator Per
kins has been invoked to help an ad
justment of affairs on the lines pro
posed.
No doubt the administration has ex
pressed to Senator Perkins a desire for
the election of a Republican United
States Senator from California. The
result can be speedily attained when
Burns and Grant retire from the field.
The sentiment against either boss or
boodle rule is stronger to-day than it
was at the beginning of the session.
A box of salve for wounded feelings
was opened at the joint convention to
day. There was a little arrangement
made by Republicans who sympathize
with Grove L. Johnson to give him
some complimentary votes for the office
of United States Senator. The affair
was arranged by Senator Cutter and
Assemblymen Dibble and Valentine. A
small detachment was drawn from each
of the leading Senatorial camps to
make up fourteen votes. Three votes
were drawn from Barnes, four from
Bulla, three from Burns and four from
Grant. The Democrats, hearing of the
movement, fancied that it would be in
accord with the eternal fitness of things
to seize the opportunity to indorse Wil
liam R. Hearst, and accordingly they
gave him twenty-eight votes "right off
the reel." The convention hastened to
call for another ballot in order to bring
the scattered forces back to their re
spective stations. Hearst got twice as
many votes as Johnson, but Johnson
made up in applause what he lacked in
votes. It is suggested now that Wright,
Jilson and Simpson should each be vin
dicated by a complimentary \*ote. The
vindication though brief is cheap, and
should be passed around to Los An
geles, Alameda and Siskiyou.
The talk is heard along the Senato
rial line that there will be "something
doing next week." It is certain that a
vigorous effort will be put forward to
Induce the legislators from Southern
California to rally round the standard
of Thomas R. Bard of Ventura. Irving
M. Scott is still in the field with two
votes, and stands ready to welcome ac
cessions when the inevitable break
comes.
. The supporters of General Barnes are
firm and confident. They cite the .fact
that the General has not lost a man
since the fight opened and has achieved
a- gain of four, a larger gain than any
other candidate can show. ■ Burns has
not yet lost a man, but has gained only
three votes since the first ballot was
taken. ..-■ . -j .".--■. ; - '
The prolongation of the contest until
the pay of legislators stops is now fore
shadowed. The honest men realize that
there will be danger to the cause of
clean politics and able representation In
the Senate when that time comes. It
Is suggested -that the stanch .and true
men of the Legislature who are fighting
a gallant battle. for the people and the
fair name of the" State should be urged
to remain here to the finish and resist
the election of any unworthy man. Pro
vision will be made for the touts to re
main here, but If members of the Leg
islature who have business affairs at
home requiring attention should leave
from time to time during the 'closing
days of the session the number of votes
necessary for a choice will daily dimin
ish. Mazuma might then, appear in per
son and a discreditable finish follow the
long fight. i ■
Sol Cahen, department commander of
the Grand Army of the Republic, and
Colonel J. H. Simpson of the depart
ment staff" paid a visit to- General
Barnes this evening. They came to
Sacramento to attend, a campflre of
the veterans. -
NOT GREEN, BUT A -,v
DOCTOR'S CERTIFICATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 24.— Milton Jay Green is
"improving daily and will be able to be in
Sacramento within a week if no setback
occurs." This by the word of Dr. S. E.
Kelley of Oakland, where Mr. Green is
just now engaged in improving.
His appearance at the bar of the As-
sembly was the special order for 3:30
o'clock this afternoon, but instead of
Green came the following letter;
To the Honorable Assembly of the State of
California:
I have advised Mr. Green that It would be
unwise for him to go to Sacramento in his
preeent condition of health.
He is Improving dally and gaining in
strength. I feel confident he will be able to be
present in Sacramento within a week if no
backset occurs. L. E. KELLET, M.D.
On motion of Mr. Belshaw of Contra
Costa Mr. Green wag given still another
week's grace, and barring possible "back
sets" Milton Jay will be here next Fri
day.
Education and Morals.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 24.-The Senate Committee
on Education and Public Morals thia aft
ernoon reported Simpson's bill for the
closing of saloons on Sunday back to the
Senate without recommendation. The
supposition is that there will be a hard
ngnt when it comes up for consideration.
Our Policy of Territorial Expansion.
Extreme annexatlonlsts are advocating the
addition of Canada to thia country, and think
it can be accomplished in a peaceful manner
without exciting a quarrel with England. Such
grave questions call for the wisest Btatesman
■n'P- J" Mt as dyspepsia, constipation, liver
and kidney diseases and malaria call for a
thoroughly reliable remedy like Hosteter 1 *
Stomach Bitters. No experimenting should
be dona with untried medicines when an old
established preparation la to be had.
Bill 696 vas reported back with a favor
ahe recommendation. It provides for in
cUidW tie children of Indians wl
tax es nr *-ho are not living in tribai rela
tion orattana or balf orphJWf >*ving n
asylums a.id native-born children in the
school census.
Working for the Exposition.
call (TBADQiJAKTBRS, sacra.
MI'XTO Feb.* 24.— Charles L. Patton and
S H Frledlander arrived in Sacramento
to-day in the interest Ol th« measure rp
lating to the Pacific States Exposition to
be held in San Francisco. There are sev
eral bills pending In both Senate and As
sembly, some fur appropriations from
State and county and some providing f r
the appointment of i-ommissioners and
managers, the measure to request an ap
propriation and an exhibit rom the Gen
£r«i finvernment has been temp •
Shelved by the ' Senate to await the con
sideration of the State m . e « su " s t to: o a n n( l r l i
is to hurry these along that Fatton and
Friedlande'r are here.
NO SUPPORT FOR BURNS
FOUND AT HEALDSBURG
HEALDSBURG, Feb. 84.— A petition In
the interest O« P. M. Burns for 1 nit. 1
States Senator was brought up from Ssan
ta Rosa this week by a special emissary.
After spending the better part of the day
here the agent left for GuernevJlle wit] -
out securing a single signature as far as
known. A copy of the petition was left
in Healdsburg in order to give Burns."
supporters an opportunity to affix their
names to it, but so far no one has signed.
The emissary stated that he would visit
the principal towns in Northern Sonoma
and was frank enough to state to Tlio
Call correspondent that he had received
very little encouragement so far on his
mission. ___^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" One Good Turn
, Deserves Another.
It is so easy to go through
life doing good and helping
to make others happy. A
lady who had been ill with
a complication of troubles,
having been thoroughly cured
and now enjoying perfect
health, felt it a duty to tell
her friends that the specific
that brought her back to Health
was Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Thus, after Hood's had served her
well, she felt it deserved a good turn
at her hands. Thousands tell the same
story of blood purified and health re-
stored. Hood's Sarsaparilla possesses
merit peculiar to itself. • ..
Dyspepsia— "Suffered everything but
death for years with dyspepsia. Nothing
relieved me until I took Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla and it made and kept me well. Can
eat anything I wish." MRS. EUGENE
MURPHY, Hull's Mill, Danbury. Conn.
Eczema— "We had to tie the hands of
our 2-year-old son on account of eczema
on face and limbs. No medicine even
helped until we used Hood's Sarsaparilla.
■which soon cured." MRS. A. VAN
WYCK, 123 Montgomery street, Paterson,
N. J.
Three Troubles— "l had rheuma-
tism, weakness of the heart and stomach,
with scrofula. Nothing helped be until I
took Hood's Sarsaparilla: it relieved ma
in short time." iIRS. R. P. WAL.LIS.
Winnisquam, N. H. •
' Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-irritat-
Ing and only cathartic to take with Hood's
Sarsaparilla. • _^____^_^^
oo ooboooooo o o~0"0 o
gw PALACE '■"•%
'GRAND nmMhM%
" &AH PttAHCiaCO. ; q
■' Connected -by a covered passa«*way. :7"
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 2
© All Under One Management. Q
D ' NOTI THB F&IOBB: .'- ' ' Q
i European Plan. «l .oo per day and upward a
D American Plan. sB.oo per day and upward *4
f% Corraapendence Solicited. ■ Q
q JOSH 0. KIRSFA7AICK, »u»p». ' . ...' „
O.OQO ooooooaoo oo 000
.Use P^& " Use 
Woodbury's fl*^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Faoial Cream,
■ The complexion speedily and permanently
cleared of blotches, liver, spots, moth, tan,
freckles and the skin rendered soft, smooth
and white by JOHN H. WOODBURT, 26 W.
23d st., New York, and 163 State St., Chicago.
Bend 10 cents for Beauty Book, and receive
sample each of Soap and Cream, free. ■ -
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. MCDONALD,
813 folsom street,
Telephone South 24.
i Dealer and Importer of all brands of CO KB."
Yards at HOWARD AND SGAUI BTS.
/ttT>\ LADIES do W ma
£ J&\ DR. FELIX LEBRUN'S j
yjjg** Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
V* lis the original and only FRENCH,
i ■ f safe and reliable care on the mar-
y "^rket. Price, $1.00; sent by maiL
r > Genuine Bold only by .
GEO. DAHLBENDEK & CO.. Sol* Actnu,
214 Kearny it. Ban Francisco. .
m^^^U WHEN YOU
t^^^^^f^^^ Require an ELEC-
BELT get "Dr.
■^^^^^^^^ Pierces" and you will
'j r-^^&z: "^ • "' n ot be disappointed.
y ' *h*ZT~ -Call or address PIERCB
• . -* . ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mutt*, st. (opp. • Pa!ic» Hot*), S. F. - , -
DR.ICNULTY:
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. SpecialiBtctire« Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. ■ Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'ra' experience.
Patients Home. Terms reasonable. Hour« 9
to3daiiy;6.3otoB:3o ev'gs. .Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
. P. ItOHCOK 3IcX DIiTY, M.l>.
26' 4 Kearny St., Ban Francisco. Cal.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <>™<
js|gß Museum of Anatomy
J BMI 1051 iUBZST ST. t»t. 6ti i 7th, S. F. Zti.
ff I* * , . The LtrgettofllslilniHn the World.
1 ' Wm,\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
l|lW| tt- Conialutlon Ire«. Writ* tor B»«k
■ ! K\ I of Marriage.
« « . . • MAILED FREE. -
Baja California .
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonic
for th» . sexual ■ and " urinary organs ■of botA
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th/^
kidneys and bladder. A great - Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. ' Sells on Its owl
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary,
NABER. ALFS A BRUNK. Agenu
SSI - Market street. 8. F.— (Bend for Circul»r.lBILL FOR GENERAL
APPROPRIATIONS
IS INTRODUCED
Only One or Two Radical Changes From the
Old Measure.
STATE PRINTING IS THE FEATURE.
Each Department Is to Pay for Its Own Work Oat of a
Special Fund That Is Considered Sufficient to .
Carry It on Two Years.
:. CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- |
IJENTO, Feb. 24.— After a month of the j
hardest kind of work. Chairman Valen
tine of the Ways and Means Committee
got the general appropriation bill intro
duced in the Assembly this evening.
From a comparative standpoint, it is not i
B. remarkable document. It carries but j
one or two radical changes from the am- !
Hibus bill of ISTT; none of the funds of
Btate institutions are severely sliced,
neither have any of them been Increased
to a noticeable extent.
• The military appropriation Is increased
enough so as to cover the expense of the ■
' iiew naval battalion. The district agri
cultural societies were the greatest suf
ferers under the pruning knife. They were
fell cut down from $500 to $2000 less than j
■ the figures of previous years. Governor ;
' Gage's pin money fund — officially desig
nated as his secret service fund— remains
the' same, $10,000. but a slight reduction
is made in the amount allowed him with i
which to pay State rewards for the appre- |
hension of criminals.
The feature of the bill that is unusual is
the product of .the fertile brain of Valen- j
■ tine himself. It carries no appropriation
' for the State printing office, saving of :
course the salary of State Printer John- ;
■ton.
Instead each of the State departments is .
allowed a sufficient sum to pay for the •
printing it may need during the two fis- I
cal years to come and each shall have its j
printing done at the State office ami pay
for it out of the funds so provided.
Last year's appropriation, whie^i was j
vetoed by Governor Budd, amounted to
$270.0u0; the aggregate of printing funds
carried in the bill this year amounts to
about the same figure.
•It is evident that some agreement ha 3
b^fcn arrived at between Governor Gage
and the Legislature with regard to the '
: funds for district agricultural fairs. I-.-i
session there was a tacit agreement in the
.. Legislature to pass both the appropriation
ft>r the State fair and the appropriations
..'for the agricultural districts. If one could
not be passed then the other should not j
be. Both bills were to stand or fall to-
f ether. Both were passed, but Governor
liidd vetoed the district apportionment j
end eft the State fund. A mighty howl
..went up from the rural districts forth- i
•.■with. This year it is understood that j
both items will receive the Governor's
J sanction, although the district apropri.i- :
tions have been cut down approximately
one-third to -meet Governor Gsge's irtea
of economy. -■■=- •"■' ;'■•-!
The total National Guard appropriation j
1b5335.540 66. It is divided up as follows: !
£a:<T.ry adjutant general. $6000; salary as-
Blatant adjutant general. $4S00; salary
Clerk to adjutant general, $3200; salary
clerk and porter to adjutant general, $2400;
for postage, etc., $700; care of State ar- :
mory, cleaning and transportation of
arms, traveling and contingent expenses
of adjutant general, S1S0O: armory rents
•and other expenses of National Guard.
£161.600; uniforms, overcoats and quarter
master stores, $50,000; division headauar
ters $1200; brigade headquarters, $t.i2o;
regimental headquarters and bands, $14.
--1- annual allowance National Guard.
531 166 66; coal and supplies for training
chip of the naval battalion, $5000: travel -
Ing expenses of officers on detail duty,
$4000- target practice and medals. $SOOO. I
hospital supplies, $3000; encampment al- ;
lowances. $30,000; printing, binding, etc., !
State Mining Bureau gets _ $50 000, !
but with the proviso that $20,000 of It
■hall be spent in a scientific examination ;
of the mother lode and the oil districts.
The amount allowed for salaries In the
6tate Bureau of Highways is but $WOO, a
reduction of 512.000. made necessary be
cause of the fact that two of the offices ,
In the commission are to be abolished. |
The matter of legislative expenses is no
small one. The per diem and salary of
the Lieutenant Governor and Senators ;
figures $21,500; Assemblymen, $42,000.
For the pay of the attaches- of the Sen- j
■ ate $21 o<io is "allowed. $3000 more than last .
year The Assembly is allowed for the i
game purpose $2* .500. Last session's ap- !
propriation was $21.00-1 The appropria- j
. tlbns of IS?7 were based on the Belshaw I
law and figured for sixty days. This j
year the Belshaw act is dead and the per
"diem is figured on a seventy-day basis. :
Following is the bill in brief:
■Section 1. The following sums of money are
ADVERTISEMENTS.
„ » A baby is like crazy patch-
€&%*§& work, composed of bits of
" JeC^Sbi«!&&- ll ~ ancestors. All of
ajySS Jig / them contribute some-
S^Sj^. \\ thing to baby's physical
' VtaS* rS^^V? or mental or moral
' .#niJW**' make-up. The mother
JiWw^ gives the largest
Mm£^9i)'"<S share. To a
***£*/ A^<r\ great extent the
sts^fc-^ ./^3n health of a
f^ ■-/• child depends
\ 7^ y*v\\ upon the health
V i"» °^ c mother,
I •] VV both before and
/»""% I ''J~^s. \ after birth.
' <2i J *\f ) A If- during the
etsL\ li 1 1 period of ex-
>^SA> JU-g-\ V V. JI pectancy, the
<£ S^^nfiB^ 'i mother enjoys
\~\ ~\J^^ good general
.*:."<<," and local
-health, she will have a child with a robust
body, an alert brain and vigorous health.
You cannot expect such a child from a
weak, sickly, nervous, despondent woman,
who- is'broken down by derangements and
disease of the distinctly feminine organs.
A woman in that condition is almost sure
to have a puny, sickly, peevish baby.' Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription is the best
preparation for motherhood. It relieves
maternity of its dangers, and of almost all
•its- pain. It restores the delicate and im-
portant organs that bear the brunt of ma-
ternity to perfect health and strength, and
assists the regular and healthful perform-
ance of all the natural functions. It ban-
ishes the ailments of the critical period,
arid makes baby's debut easy and almost
painless. It insures the little new-comer's
health. ; Thousands have testified to its
Bents.' Good medicine dealers sell it, and
honest druggist will insult your intelli-
gence by urging upon you something else
•as "just as good." The "just as good"
kind is dear at any price.
" Mrs F. B. Cannings, of No, 4320 Humphrey
Street St. Louis, Mo., writes : "I am now the
• happy mother of a fine, healthy baby girl. I
feel that your ' Favorite Prescription ' has done
me more Rood than anything I have ever taken
Itook three bottles of the ' Prescription.' and
the consequences were I wax only in labor rorty-
; five minutes. With my first baby I suffered
eighteen hours, and then had to lose him.
A «i 50 home doctor-book free. For a
caper-covered copy of Dr. Pierces Common
feense Medical Adviser send 21 one-cent
stamps to cover cost of mailing only.
Cloth binding 10 cents extra. AddreM Dr.
JL V. Pierce Banalo, K. Y.
I hereby appropriated out of any money in the
; State Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
i the support of the government or the State of
California for the fifty-Ant and fifty~seoond
fiscal years: ; .
For per diem and mileage of Lieutenant Gov
ern, and Senators, $21,300.
For per diem and mileage of Assembly, 142,- j
i 000. r>
Pot pay of officers and c>rivS of the Senate.
$21,000. " *~> -
F*r pay of officers and clerk* of the Assem
! bly. $2*. NO. -^T> ;
For contingent expenses of tn« Senate, $11,000. I
For contingent 'expenses X)t- the Assembly, |
$15,000. V
For salaries of Justices or tire Supreme Court,
I $-4,000. •-■■■'■
j For State's portion of salaries of Judges of
Superior Courts. U15.500. '
t For salary of clerk of Supreme Court and of
deputy clerks, $32,400. . A
For printing, etc., by the State Printing Of
; flee, to clerk of Supreme Court, $3SOO.
! For salary of reporter of decisions. Supreme
I Court, $5000.
For salary of deputy reporter of decisions.
Supreme Court. $4300. • .
For salaries of secretaries Supreme Court,
. $7200. '
For salaries of bailiffs and porter for office
i clerk of Supremo Court. $&60.
For postage and contingent expense* of Su- ;
preme Court clerk and of commissions, $1550,. .
' For expenses of Supreme Court, under section
; 47, Code of Civil Procedure. $36,800.
For salary of photographic reporter and of II- !
brarian oC Supreme" Court. $U v
For salary of Governor, $12,000.
For salary of private secretary to Governor, I
(SBM. ■ .
For salary of executive secretary to Gov
■ ernor, $5100. * . ■--:».'■•■■••
For salary of stenographer and of messenger
to Governor, $5800.
For special contingent expenses (secret ser
vice) Governor's ornce, exempt from pro- !
: visions of sections 43! and 873 of the Political i
j Code. $10,000. • ;•
For postage, expressage. telegraphing and \
contingent expenses, printing, binding, ruling
and all .other work performed and materials
furnished by the State Printing Office to the
i Governor's office. $iOOO.
For payment of rewards by Governor, $Sooo.
For arresting criminals without the State.
For salary of secretary to State Board of
i Examiners. $6000.
For salary of assistant secretary to State
Board of Examiners, $3500.
For salary of clerk and of expert to State |
Board of Examiners.' $7200. :
For traveling expenses of State Board of Ex- i
aminers and expert to State Board of Exam- [
i lners. $ICCO. . , ,
For postage, expressage. telegraphing and i
contingent expenses. State Board of Exam- j
iners. $600. , __ .1
For expert and clerical assistance In office j
State Board of Examiners. $3600.
For pay of porter State Board of Exam
iners. $S>€o. - '  .
For ■ printing, binding, ruling and all other
wo-k performed and materials furnished by the j
State Printing Office- to State Board of Ex
aminers. $312 50. *
For salary of Secretary of State, of Deputy
Secretary of State, of bookkeeper. Secretary of |
State's 'office, of clerks. Secretary of State's ]
i office of keeper of archives. Secretary of
State's office, of two special clerks. Secretary |
of State's office, of porter. Secretary of State's
office. 430.360.
For postage, expressage and telegraphing.
Secretary of State's office. $3000.
For contingent expenses, Secretary of State
office. $300. ,
For purchase of ballot paper, printing, bind
ing ruling and all other work performed, and
materials furnished by the State Printing Of
fice to the Secretary of State, $16,000.
For stationery, fuel, lighting and other neces
sary supplies for the Legislature and State of-
I fleers, $20,000.
i For purchase of Implements and -hose and im
provement of grounds, repairs to Capitol build
: Ing and furniture, exempt from the provisions
of section 4 of this act. $22,000.
For purchase of carpets and furniture, ex
-1 empt from the provisions of section 4 of this
act. $3000.
Fcr pay of employes and policemen of State
Capitol building and grounds, $62,760.
For salary of . elevator attendant Capitol
building. JISOD.
For lighting State Capitol grounds, $1738-
For water for State Capitol building. $1200.
For water State Capitol grounds. $2400.
For salary of Controller, i '■■"*>.
For salary of Deputy Controller, 14*00.
For salary of bookeeper Controller's office.
$4000
For salaries of clerks and porter. Controller's
| office. $20,960.
; For postage, expressage. telegraphing, con
i tingent and traveling expenses. Controller, •
j *Fc'r printing, binding-, ruling and all other I
work performed and materials furnished by
i the State Printing Office to the Controller. $&>OO.
For salary Treasurer. Deputy Treasurer.
bookkeeper Treasurer's office, clerk Treasurer's ,
I office, watchman Treasurer's office, porter ■
i Treasurer's office. $>i.l6<\ v ~ %
For postage, expressage, telegraphing, tray-
I cling and contingent expenses- Treasurer. $500.
For printing, binding, ruling and other work
performed and materials furnished by the
State Printing Office to Treasurer. $700.
For salary Attorney General, Assistant At
torney General, deputies Attorney General,
clerks Attorney General's office, stenographer
Attorney General's office, porter Attorney Gen
! eral' office. $36,760.
For posta&e. exprwsa»e. telegraphing and
' contingent and traveling expenses Attorney
Genera!'? office. ■■;■'->•. '
For costs and expanses of suits, wherein the
State Is a party '■■ Interest. $4000.
For office rent in San Francisco, Attorney |
General. $2400.
; For printing, binding, ruling and ail other
I work performed and materials furnished by
the State Printing Office to the Attorney Gen
eral, $3000. ' !
For salary Surveyor General, Deputy Sur- I
veyor General, clerks Surveyor General's of- :
■ fice and register State I.and Office and porter j
Surveyor- General's office, $24,560.
i •For postage, expressage and telegraphing
Surveyor General's office. $1000.
For contingent expenses Surveyor General's
. office. $4CO. • -.:.. •;■>■■
' For purchase of any copying maps and re
i cords Surveyor General's office." $3000.
! For traveling expenses Surveyor General and
1 Attorney General, when engaged In contest be- I
! tween the State and the United States, and |
other State business in relation to lands: $1000. ;
For printing, binding, ruling: and all other
work performed and materials furnished by the
State Printing Office to the Surveyor General.
$700 . ■ '
For salary Superintendent Public Instruc
■ tion, deputy superintendent, • clerk Instruction i
office, clerk and stenographer, clerical assist
ance, porter. $15.500.
For postage, expressage and telegraphing 1 Su
perintendent Public Instruction, $1600.
For contingent and traveling expenses. $3000.
For printing, binding, ruling and all other I
work .performed and . materials furni? l - by |
the state Printing Office to the Superintendent i
of Public Instruction. $7000. \
Salary of State Librarian, two deputies, por
ter State Library. $14,160.
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
; work performed and materials furnished by the
i State Printing Office to State Library,. $5550.
For salary Adjutant General. $6000.
For salary assistant Adjutant General, clerk
, and porter. $16,400.
For postage, expressage and telegraphing
: Adjutant General's office, $700.
For care of State Armory, cleaning and trans
portation of arms, traveling and contingent ex- ,
penses of the Adjutant General. $1800.
For armory rents and other expenses of the
National Guard. $161,600.
Fcr purchase of uniforms, overcoats and
Quartermaster stores for the -National Guard. :
exempt from the provisions of section 4 of :
this act. $30,000. ' i'r '- , . .
For allowance division headquarters National
Guard. $1200.
For allowance for brigade headquarters Na
i tional Guard, $6720.
For allowance for regimental headquarters
and bands, $13,104.
For annual allowance National Guard, $31,
--166 £6.
For furnishing coal and other supplies for
the training ship to the naval battalion. $5000.
For traveling expenses of officers on detail
duty National Guard, $4000.
For target practice and purchase of medals
National Guard. $8000.
For hoepital supplies National Guard, $3000. ,
For encampment National Guard, exempt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
from the provisions of section. 4 of this act.
no, • t
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
work performed and materials furnished by the
State Printing- Office to adjutant general. $31aO.
For salary Superintendent State Printing and !
deputy. $10,800. . ' ■ ... ,__
For lithographing. engraving. half-tone
plates, zineotyi>es and work of like character
; State Printing Office, $3000. ,
For postage, expressage, telegraphing ana
contingent expenses Superintendent Printing,
$1000.
For Insuring State Printing Office and con-
I tents. $2600. W ' &*&£.
For Legislative printing. Thirty-fourth Ses
sion, $5000. - it _
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
work performed and materials furnished by the
State Printing Office to the State Printer. $700.
For salary State Board of Health and of at
torney to State and San Francisco Boards of
Health. $11,000.
; For traveling and contingent expenses State
Board of Health 13000. - •
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
work performed and materials furnished by
the State Printing Office to State Board of
Health. $2100.
;• F. salary of Insurance Commissioner and
deputy. $9600.'
For salaries of Railroad Commissioners, sec
retary to Board of Railroad Commissioners.
bailiff and stenographer to Board of Railroad
Commissioners, $32,200.
For fuel, light, poetajre, expressage and Inci
dental expenses Board of Railroad Commission
ers. $1500.
For traveling expenses Board of Railroad
Commissioners, $20<H).
For office rent Board of Railroad Commission
ers, $1200. .
For printing, binding, ■ ruling and all other
work performed and materials furnished by
• the State Printing Office to Board of Railroad
Commissioners,' $4200.
For salaries members State Board of Equal
ization, clerk and porter State Board of Equal
ization. $29,760. .
For traveling and contingent clerical . ex
penses, expressage, telegraphing . and contin
gent expenses Board of Equalization, $10,750.
j For printing, binding, ruling and -all other
1 work performed and' materials furnished by the
State Printing Office to State Board of Equal
ization. lIO3Q.
• For salary of Commissioner and secretary to
Commissioner Public Works. $8000.
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
work performed and materials furnished by the
' State Printing Office to Commissioner, of Pub
lic Works. K6O.
For salaries of Commissioners for Revision
and Reform of the Law, secretary and stenog
rapher to Commissioners for Revision and Re
. form of the Law. $31,200.
', For postage, expressage. telegraphing and
' contingent expenses Commissioners for Revis
; ion and Reform of the Law, $500.
For salary of guardian Yosemlte Valley, for
traveling expenses of commissioners and care
of valley, $26,000. ,
For care of Marip.->sa big tree grove, $2000.
For salary of Debris Commissioner, secretary
and printing, etc., furnished by the State
Printing Office to Debris Commissioner. $10,340.
For support of Stockton State Hospital. $339,-
For support of Napa State Hospital. $392,500.
For support of Agnews State Hospital, $2*4.-
TCO.
For support of Mendoclno State Hospital,
For support of Southern California State Hos
pital. $223.7';«. _ 1*- V
For support of Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind at Berkeley, $U8.550.
For support of California Home for Care and
Training of F**ble-minded Children at El-
For^support of Home for Adult Blind at Oak-
For support of Home for Adult Blind at Oak
land, $4n.5.-.0. '12 '• .„
For support Veterans Home at TountTllle,
150.000. , „ 
For transportation of Insane and feeble
minded children. $50,000. . •
; For support of State Prison at San Quentin,
$321 400
For support of State Prison at Fol»om. $231,-
MO
For transportation of prisoner* to State
Prisons and of children committed to the «> hit
tier State School and to the Preston School of
I For support ofWhlttier State School, $120,400.
For support of Preston School of Industry,
$80 500.
For Stats Normal School at San Jose. $110,
--400
For State Normal School at Los Angeles.
$107,340.
For State Normal School at Chico, $63,560.
For State Normal School at San Diego, $06.
--790
For salary of Commissioner Bureau of La
bor Statistics, deputy commissioner, office
rent, salaries of assistants, traveling and con
tingent expenses, printing, etc.. furnish" I by
' the State Printing Office to Bureau of Labor
' Statistics. $17,550. _
'< - For salary of Highway Commissioner. Depart
ment of Highways, secretary, stenographer,
traveling and contingent expenses, printing,
etc.. furnished by the Stats Printing Office to
Department of Highways, $17,800.
i For State Board Horticulture, $24.CC0.
For support of State Mining Bureau. Includ
ing salaries. $50,000; provided, that $20,000 of
said sum shall be expended In making a prac
tical and scientific examination of the mother
lode and other mineral districts In California,
Including the oil districts, and preparing a
brief and accurate history of such districts and
the development, product, resources, methods
of working and future possibilities of the mm
Ing and oil industries in California, -Such ex
aminations to be. made by competent • experts
experienced in California mining, and assist
ants, all of whom shall be appointed and their
compensation fixed by the Governor.
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
work performed and materials rurnlsheJ by the
State Printing Office to State Mining Bureau,
$7000. ■• -
For support of State mineral cabinet, etc.,
$125. - •
For restoration and preservation' of . game,
fish, support and maintenance of State hatch
eries, printing etc., for the Fish Commission,
costs and expenses of suits for violation of fish
and game laws, $41,700. " ■ •
For traveling expenses. Joint Board of .Nor
mal School Trustees, $1600.
For salary of Lake Tahoe Wagon Road Com
missioner and for maintenance of Lake Tahoe
wagon road. $3200. *
For printing, etc., furnished by the State
Printing Office to State University, $10,500. .
To State Board of Pharmacy, $140.
To Commissioners of Building and Loan As
sociations, $2450. • • . -
To State Dairy Bureau, $245.
To State Lunacy Commission, $350.
To State Veterinary Medical Board, $35.
To Harbor Commissioners San Diego, $35. ,
To State Board of Dental Examiners, $350.
To Capitol Commissioners, $35.
To Pilot Commissioners. $35.
To State Board of Prison Directors. $«40.
For traveling expenses State Board of Edu
cation, $500. „ . „ a .
For printing, binding, ruling and all other
work performed and materials furnished by
the State Printing Office to the State Board
of Education, $35. . . ..
For official advertising, 48600.
For care State burial grounds. $200.
For printing California pure-wine labels, $200.
For payment of interest on $100,000 Hastings
College of Law. $14,000.
For salary of guardian of Marshall monu
ment and grounds and printing, etc., by the
State Printer to guardian Marshall monument,
salary guardian Putter's Fort. $1200.
For aid to State Agricultural Society (pro
vided that the State Agricultural Society cre
ate and maintain a statistical department for
the annual collection, compilation and dis
tribution of statistics relating to the products
and resources of the State). $30,000.
For printing, etc.. furnished by th» State
Printing Office to State Agricultural Society.
S"»)00
Fcr aid to District Agricultural Society No. 1.
ÜBkVNo * $3000: No. 3. $1400: No. 4. $3000: No.
lsmm- No 6. $4500: No. 7 $1500; No. S. $1400;
Vo 9 $1800 : No 10. $1200: No. 11. $1500: No. 12,
11*00 -No 13 $1800: No. 14. $1500: No. 15. $1400;
No 18 $14C0: No. 17. $1400: No. 18. $1800: No. '.-.
fiSfiO- No 20. $1200: No. 21. $2*»; No. 22. $2100:
No 23 nS0«: No. 24. $1801 No. 25, $2100: No. 26,
VTM- N0 .27 tlSOO: No. 28. J24CO: No 29. $1400;
No 30* $1400: No. 31. $14C0: No. 32. $1400: No. 33.
11400- No 34 $1200: No. 33, $1400: No. 36. WOO;
No 37 $1200: No. 33. .$1400: No. 33. $1400: No. 40. j
12100- No 41. $1200; No. 42. $1400; No. 43. $1200; '
No 44 11400 Provided, that no moneys appro
priated for agricultural societies shall be
drawn/used or paid for raclnsr or speed con
ductions 1, 2, 3. 4. 5 and 6 provide how the
m'onevr appropriated shall be expended.
The total of the appropriations provided by
the bill of this year Is 55.097.704 66. The
amended bill as it went to the Governor two
y»ars ago carried an appropriation of $6,343.
--000. . '
STRATTON PRIMARY BILL
WILL BECOME A LAW
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— The Governor had the
Stratton Primary Law under considera
tion this evening, in conference with the
author and T. V. I ator. The general pro-
Vision* were approved with the exception
of the one providing a fine of $25 or its
equivalent in Imprisonment for any fail
ure of a duly appointed election officer to
act This was considered too severe, but
the' changing of the bill would necessitate
a reconsideration by both houses. The
difficulty was overcome by an agreement
to draw tip a bill providing for_ the repeal
of the section setting forth the punish
ment and this will be put through both
houses i and signed by the Governor. In
the meantime the Stratton Primary bill
will be signed and will become a law.
Fighting the Placerville Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 24.— Judge Williams of Pla
cervllle appeared before the Senate Ju
diciary Committee this afternoon and
spoke in opposition to the Placerville bill,
which was before that body. He spoke
against the measure in strong terms,
stating that if the bill went into effect it
would virtually place the town of Placer
ville in the hands of an unscrupulous and
grinding railroad monopoly. Last even
ing Drury Melone, the Napa capitalist,
appeared before the committee and spoke
in favor of the bill, which. If it goes
through, will benefit him greatly
The bill is to provide for the filling of
vacancies of the offices of cities where
there has been a failure to elect the lama
by tfca p«oplo for more than, two years.
The bill directly applies to Placervllle. It
seems that in the early part of 1863 the
town of Placerville was greatly In need
of a railroad and the Sacramento Rail
road Company agreed to furnish them
one from the terminus of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, which was then at El
Dorado, to Placerville, if the town would
bond itself to the company for half the
expense of the construction of the road.
I The people of Placerville kept their
j agreement, but the railroad company
failed to ke>> theirs, for they made the
terminus of the road at Folsom. about
twenty miles from Placerville. Since then
• the town has been evading the election
of officers, for in electing them it would
throw itself open to suit for the payment
of the bonds. The committee reported
the bill back to the Senate without rec
! ommendation. and it will probably be
fought with vigor by a number of Sena
, tors.
Bills Favorably Reported.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 24.— The bill making it a
misdemeanor for collectors or attorneys
to have claims assigned them for collec
tion came up before Assembly Judiciary
Committee this evening and was reported
bflck favorably. The bill aims at money
"sharks" and warrant shavers. Bill 9Si.
introduced by White, was also reported
upon favorably. It relates to the govern
ment of telephone companies.
Another Junketing Trip.
CALL HEADQUARTERS^ SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 24.— The Assembly Cotjmit
tee on Public R-jildings and Grounds will
]"tme to-morrow for Chico to view the ;
site of the addition to the Normal School. |
■which is in contemplation of construction
there and for which there is a bill be-^
fore the committee asking for an appro
priation of $30,000. Thp committee desires
to look into the matter before making a
decisive report on the bill.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Order of the Postofflce Department
Relating to Mail Matter Sent by
Soldiers and Sailors.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The follow
ing order has been Issued by the Post
office Department: "Mail matter sent
to the United States by persons connected
with the United States service at or near
Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii or the Phil
ippine Islands, in order to be entitled to
domestic rates of postage under depart
mental orders, must be indorsed 'Sol
diers' Letters, ' 'Sailors' Letters.' Mari
ners' Letters,' or in such other way as to
indicate the branch of service to which
the writer belongs, and be signed there
under, with his name and official desig
nation, by field or staff officer, post or
detachment commander, to whose com-
mand the soldier belongs, or by the sur
geon or chaplain at the hospital where
he may be. In the navy or marine ser
vice, by the officer in command of the
. or the surgeon on board, or the
officer commanding naval hospital or de
tachment on shore; and in other branches
of the Government service by the person
in charge of the branch to which the
sender belongs. In case it is impracti
cable to secure indorsement by such offl
rials, the postmaster at th.c mailing office
may sign such matter officially in like
mariner, and dispatch it, provided the
senders are known to be connected with
the United States Government service."
By direction of the acting Secretary of
War. Captain John A. Logan Jr.. com
missary of subsistence, United States
Volunteers, now at B&la, Pa., will pro
ceed with his authorized clerk to San
Francisco, thence by first transport to
Manila, and report in person to the. com
manding general. Department of trrte Pa
for alignment to duty. Private
Malcolm Elliott, Company X, First
California Volunteer Intantry. now at
Manila, is transferred to Light Battery
D, Sixth United States Artillery, at that
station. He will report to the command
ing officer of that battery for duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon H. \V. Eliot,
United States army, now at Madison Bar
racks, will report in person to the com
manding officer of the Ninth United
States Infantry at that post for duty, to
accompany that regiment to Manila.
Private Charles Sumner. Light Battery
G, Sixth United" States Artillery, now in
confinement at Manila serving sentence
of a general court-martial, will be dis
charged without honor from the service
of the United States upon expiration of
sentence. Privates John Dolan and Hen
ry Mansuy. Company A, First United
States Infantry, Fort Mason, Cal., are
transferred to the Ninth United States
Infantry. Tney will be sent to the Pre
sidio of San Francisco, to await the ar
rival of the regiment to which they are
transferred.
The Senate Committee on Public Lands
has decided to attempt the passage of
De Vrles' mineral lands bill by attaching
it as an amendment to the sundry civil
bill This committee has favorably re
ported De Vries" bill appropriating $4000
for the protection of Yosemite National
Park. j 
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Herman Haedrich.
San Francisco. $6; Edwin P. Lovejoy,
San Jose. $8: Morgan Simonton, San Joa
nuin $10. Increase— Edwin H. Gamble,
Riverside. $8 to $10. Reissue and in
rrPa <,e_jesse A. Shaw, Ventura, $S to $10.
Original widows, etc.— Mary A. Powers,
San Francisco, $8; Susannah Decker, Red
Washington: Original — "William J.
Rountree, Spokane, $6.
SECRETARY LONG
REPLIES TO SCHLEY
Practically Accuses the Bear Admiral
of Having Made Misstate
ments.
NSW YORK. Feb. 24 —A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long, it is understood, has prepared a
statement in answer to that of Rear Ad
miral Sehley which will be sent to the
Senate if. asked for by that body. It la
believed the Secretary- calls Attention to
what the department deems mlsstate
ments in the rear admiral's communica
tion..- , „ .
The department is specially aggrieved
over that feature of Schiey's defense in
which be asserts that in accordance with
the department's orders of May 27 he did
go to Santiago and blockade the harbor.
and that the Spanish fleet did not leave
without a decisive action.
The officials complain that Rear Admi
ral Sehley said nothing about his dispatch
that on' account of weather, the shortage
of coal and the difficulty of coaling from
a collier h» would be compelled to disobey
the orders of the Secretary and go to
Key West. While the authorities admit
that the flying squadron went to San
tiago they say it did not do so until May
°9 forty-eigbi hours after the receipt
of the Secretary's orders
Secretary Long said this afternoon that
no court of Inquiry would be ordered for
the present, and. as the Herald stated this
morning, none would be ordered until af
ter the adjournment of Congress.
VICIOUS CONVICT
ATTEMPTS MURDER
SAX QfUBNTIN PRISON. Feb. 24.— The
jutemill was the scene of a fierce combat
between two prisoners te-day, and a mur
der was prevented only by the vigilance
of the guards. The contestants were H.
Silkins. who is serving five years for a
burglary committed in Los Angeles, and
J Baker, serving the same time for grand
larceny from Kern County. Silkins was
slashed on the right cheek with a knife.
but the wound is not considered serious.
Warden Hale exercises the most rigid
discipline in the Jutemill, for it is there
that most of the serious quarrels have
their origin. A constant watch is kept
to prevent the men obtaining possession
of a deadly weapon, but Baker had torn
a small pair of shears— the kind used in
cutting twine — in two and sharpened one
of the blades to a razor edge. As soon
as the quarrel became heated he sprang
at Silkins and stabbed him In the cheek.
He was thrown down and disarmed be
fore he could inflict further injury.
Silkins' wound was dressed by Dr. Law
lor the prison physician, and Baker was
hauled off to the dungeon, where he will
remain in solitary confinement until the
next meeting of the Board of Prison Di
rectors. It is probable he will then be de
prived of all his credits.
Mrs. Heney Gets a Divorce.
CARSON, New. Feb. 24.— Judge Talbot
gave a decision in the Heney divorce case
this afternoon granting Mrs. Heney a
divorce and the community property. Re
garding the Bullion Bank the court de
cided that Inasmuch as Mrs. Heney had
an interest with the bank in the employ
ment of counsel, the bank gets a decree
Xor J6OO. Heney rvrors during the Mint
trial that the conveyance of property was
absolute, but when brought from the
penitentiary h« swore that the convey
ance was made to defraud the Govern
ment.
MRS. YOUNG SHOWS
HER PEARLY TEETH
BAN RAFAEL, Feb. 24.— Mrs. Augusta
Young of Tlburon, who was acquitted of
the charge of arson preferred against her
after the sensational flight of her hus
band, has taken a lesson from the worm
and turned upon her enemies. She feels
the bitterest resentment for Miss Matilda.
Lutzone, a cook formerly in the employ
of Mrs. Lynde. and this resentment has
crystallized in a warrant being sworn out
for the arrest of Miss Lutzone on a
charge of perjury.
Miss Lutzone swore she paw Mrs.
Young carrying coal oil, a mattress and
other inflammables into the "Dally Sup
ply" store between the hours of 9:30 and
10:86 on the night the fire had its origin.
Tn company with Attorney Coehrane,
Mrs. Young and James J. Daly, a witness
for the defense, appeared before Justice
Gardner to-day ana Daly swore to a war
runt charging 'the co->k with perjury. The
complaint alleges that she willfully and
fnlsely swore to what she knew was not
the truth as regards the whereabouts of
Mrs. Young on the night of the fire. The
warrant was placed In the hands of Sher
iff Tavlor for service In the morning.
Mrs "Young went to Pan Francisco this
evening by wav of Sausallto avoiding
Tiburon. DistriW Attorney Mclsaac said
this evening he did not believe Miss Lut
zone could be convicted of perjury.
STRONG PROTtST OF
THE DOWAGER EMPRESS
PEKING, Feb. 24.— The Dowager Em
press is greatly incensed at the action
of the Russians at Talien Wan in killing
3M Chinese during a conflict which origi
nated in a question of tajei. as.^b led
on February v. Her Majesty has ln
strneted the Chinese Foreign office to pro
fs»t in the strongest possible language
against this "unwarranted action ofthe
pV-lanc" who. it is added, distinctly
broke the terms of the Port Arthur con
vention, which does not give the Russians
power to collect taxes.
BEX-Ii RANCH SOLD.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 24.-J. Wl 1
Smith, as commissioner appointed to sell
property in a foreclosure action brought
by Louisa J. Thompson against George
Staacke and John W. G. Maxwell, as ex
ecutors of the Thomas Bell estate, to-day
recorded a deed conveying to Louisa J.
Thompson, a resident of London, Eng
lmd. the greater part of the Rancho la
Laguna de San Francisco. This is the
great Bell ranch, situated in this county,
and contains more than 20.000 acres of rich
grazing land. Fifty-eight dollars and
fifty cents were used in revenue stamps.
THE AMEEE REPORTED DEAD.
BOMBAY, Feb. 24.— There are persist
ent rumors among the natives at Pcsha
wur that the Ameer of Afghanistan, Ab
durrahman Khar, is dead. The Indian
Government has not received any con
firmation-of this report, but It is thought
quite probable that such Information
would come more speedily through native
channels.
Valuable Spaniel Sold.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24— The cocker span
iel bitch Princess Flavia, shown at the
dog show by the Btlle ißland kennels of
Detroit, was sold to-day to W. C Ral
ston of San Francisco. The price paid is
not stated, but the bitch was listed at
$5000. .
Death of a Swiss Statesman.
BERXE. Switzerland. Feb. 24.— M. Wol
ti. the distinguished Swiss statesman,
who was six times elected President of
tiie Swiss confederation, died to-day in
h'.s seventy-fourth year.
STEAMER ZEALANDIA
COMES FROM MANILA
BRINGS DISCHARGED SOXDLEBS
HOME.
Three Deaths During the Voyag-e.
The Vessel Experienced a Very
Hough Passage All the
Way Over.
The United States transport Zealandia
; reached port last night after a stormy
pasage of thirty-one days from Manila.
She brings a number of soldiers, a large •
! portion of whom started on the voyage
! as invalids, but have recovered sufficient
ly to be able to appear on deck.
Among the passengers are ten officers
■ and ladies, fifty-three soldiers here on or
\ ders, fifty-six transferred to the States
i on account of sickness, ten guards and
i six prisoners. The latter were all court
• martialed on account of slight Infractions
j of military laws, and their terms of im
! prlsonment expired at the end of the voy
! age. The ladies aboard are MiSs Ralph, a
i Red Cross nurse, residing at Stockton,
! and Mrs. Davidson, the wife of an army
i officer. Some of the officers who returned
! are Captain Denny and Dr. Bowman of
the South Dakotas. Dr. Walker of the
■ Fourth Cavalry, Captain Schathner of
I Wyoming, Lieutenant Murton of- the
! Twenty-third Regiment, Lieutenant Frost
!of Utah and Past Assistant Surgeon
! Broderick of the Concord, who is home on
i sick leave. But four California boys were
on the vessel. They are: Privates
Schwarz. Gregg. Crowley and O'Leary.
The weather was bad all the way over,
but for three days the Zealandia had a
particularly rough passage. Water filled
the companion ways and salon, and the
1 soldiers aboard the boat were kept busy
bailing The captain had to remain on
the bridge for two days during the storm.
There were three deaths during the pas
• sage John E. Johnson of the Minnesota
Regiment died of Bright's disease. Wil
liam R. Howell of North Dakota of con
sumption and Robert Bain, the ships
: cook, of apoplexy. The two soidiers were
! buried at sea. but the body of the cook
j was brought to port.
Possibly a Case of Murder.
Joseph Lazzers, an Italian, about 25 ;
years of age. was picked up at the cor- j
ncr of Vallejo and Sansome streets about >
1 o'clock this morning by Officers Bell
and Foule He was taken to the Har- :
bor Hospital. wh>re it was found that ,
he had been stabbed In the abdomen, i
and it is feared that he cannot recover. I
\t first he gained sufficient strength to :
speak and stated that a friend inflicted j
the possibly fatal wound, but later he
persisted in stating that he punctured his
own vitals. A large butcher-knife was
found by his side.
New Sugar Company.
Articles of Incorporation of ths Paiu
hau Sugar Plantation Company were filed
yesterday. The company intends to ac
quire lands for the purpose of raising
sugar producing commodities in the Ha
waiian Islands and elsewhere. The capi
tal stock is «,000,008. of which J2.-..000 has
been subscribed. The directors are:
liam G. Irwln. Edward PolllU. Albert
Meyer. John A. Buck and W . D. K. Gib
son. .
Stole Money and Furniture.
Charies L. Glldden. 331 Kddy street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Tread-well's
court yesterday for the arrest of Annie
Lawrence on v charge of felony embez
zlement. They had been living together,
but a few days ago during his absence
Vnnie stole $JC of his money and sold the
furniture for S2W to a man named Schoen
fe'd who sent it to. C. Levy & Co.'s auc
tion' rooms. Glidden also got a search
warrant to recover the furniture.
"Keith's." Come one. come all. •
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb. Stmr Hekla,
from Chrlstlansand.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Feb. 24— Stmr
Penn'.and, from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb. 34— Btmr Burgun
dta from Marseilles.
ANTWERP— Feb. 13— Btmr Aragonla.
for Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb. 24— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck from New ' York.
LIVERPOOL— Feb. — Btmr Cevlc, for
v.» Yorlc ■ ■ ■
* QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb. 24— 8tmr Can
ada, from Boston. -. - .
BROW HEAI)— Feb. 18, 8:60 a. m.—
Btmr EtrnrlJi, from New York for ZirtrpooU
A CALL FOR A CONFERENCE
IS THE LATEST SCHEME
S3 CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO. Feb. 24.— A conference of S3
♦ . Republican legislators Is the very latest method advocated as a way to ♦
•3 break the deadlock and elect a United States Senator. It Is a plan that »
<i some members who have been opposing the election" of Dan Burns may jj
X accept in good faith, and which all of Burns' followers will enter into with +
*8 a rush because they see In it a preliminary step to a secret caucus, which S3
*• is now the only remaining peg upon which Burns may hang his hopes of a
♦ the toga. ♦
»* The call for the conference, together with the names of the five Sen- «3
g» ators who issued it. is as follows: • g*
♦ Whereas. It Is nearing the end of the legislative session . and there has ♦
*£ been no election of a United States Senator, and y
5 "Whereas, It Is the duty of the Republican members of this session to g
♦ elect a United States Senator, or at least to leave nothing undone that is hon- *
S5 orable to accomplish this end. and ♦*
♦ Whereas, A general conference might, assist In arriving at the desired re- ♦
53 suit, and In the hope that, by an interchange of ideas, progress may be J5
4 niade toward a solution of the question, we hereby signify our assent to at- 4
5» tend such a conference, to be held in the Supreme Court room on Monday. $5
4 the 27th day of February, at 4p. m.. an* with the distinct .understanding and ♦
g<s agreement at such conference — 88
♦ 1. That only Republican members of this Legislature shall be present. +
t » ' 2. That no particular candidate's candidacy shall be advocated. gg
♦ 3. That no vote shall be taken as to any candidate, or upon any nomina- 4
gg tion, with distinct understanding that nothing done and no vote taken shall S3
♦ be binding. .' "i • ♦
28 . (Signed.) DICKINSON'. «
♦ • MOREHOUSB. Z.
? PHORTRrDGE. V
5 GILLETTE. i?
♦ — . STRATTON. ♦
V . On its face the scheme appears to be Innocent enough, but there are V
am' many legislators who profess to see in it a clever move to bring about a S3
4 Senatorial caucus and the election of Dfin Burns. One of these is Senator &
S3 Cutter, who is recognized as one of the wisest members of the Grant V
♦ following: ; ; ; 88
♦ "It is all rot and rubbish." he said to-day, "and Is only a step toward ♦
«8 a caucus. What good can such a conference do? We meet each day in *5
X joint assembly, in the corridors and on the streets. Each man knows A
V • how the other man stands. We could meet In conference and talk to the #
S3 end of time with no result so far as our votes for' Senator are concerned. *3
£ This is simply a scheme to bring about a caucus, and I will have noth- £
♦ Ing to do with it." ; «; ■ ■ ♦
*• There are others who are of the same way of thinking as Senator S3
£ Cutter, and it may be that there will not be enough signatures to the peti-
V tion secured to Justify the holding of the proposed conference.
88 Senators Morehouse and Dickinson, who are the prime movers In the gj
♦ conference scheme, emphatically deny that it was Inspired by Burns, or ♦
** that it is being advocated In the hope that any particular candidate will S3
*„ reap a benefit. They say that the sole object In view la a general discus- ♦
V pton of present conditions in the Senatorial situation to the end that some S3
£5 plan may be devised for the election of a United States Senator who will ♦
♦ be acceptable to the people of the State. One of the plans that will be y
S3 discussed is for the withdrawal of both Grant and Burns from the contest. j»
i^?S^«B*?B^?B*!s^?S^*i^*«*?i^S^?*^^ >t *^« >^^?*^**^** ♦ *• ♦ »'S'B'W»«>I
IMPROVEMENT PLANS
FOR THE MISSION
PBXSPEB.TY-OWNEBS ANT> MEE-
CHANTS UNITED.
A Neglected Section to Be Brought
Into Municipal Prominence in
the Near Future.
The Mission, so called, which embodies :
the Eleventh Ward under the consolida
tion act, comprises one-third of the area
of San Francisco, and which pays taxes ,
upon property heretofore unheard of ex
cept It be to the Assessor and Tax Col- i
lector, is not going to remain in its pio
neer Innocence and virgin condition any
longer. Within the past few months sev
eral clubs or organizations have been
formed, consisting of property-owners and
tenants throughout the Mission district,
for the purpose of bringing about a gen
eral line of improvements all along the
entire Mission district from Twelfth j
street to the county line. Enrolled In ;
these various organizations are the west
of Castro street. Sunnyside, Glen Park,
Ocean View, Mission road and Five-Mile
House, Mission Union Improvement Club,
Fairmount Improvement Club. Precita
Valley Improvement Club, Mission League |
of Improvement Clubs, and last but not ,
least, the Mission Merchants' League, re- '
cently formed on Valencia street. One ]
and all of these clubs are organized for
the purpose of advancing the interest of
the Mission district. Some of the clubs
are for building hospitals, others are for
the repavement of business streets, oth
era for purchasing vacant lots to be con
verted into public parks and pleasure
grounds, while still others are for the ,
extension of sewers and the grading of
streets through territory heretofore un
improved. But one and all are for the
improvement of the Mission from
Twelfth street to the county line.
The advocates of these general improve- i
ments picture to their hearers at the va
rtoua club meetings the splendor and ele- '
gance* of the Western Addition us com- j
pared with the Mission proper. At the '
time the Western Addition was a howling
wilderness of sand dunes and cemeteries |
the Mission was a tax-paying district.
From the industry of the property-owners
in the Mission district the wild lots of the
Western Addition have been improved
and made profitable to those who own :
property therein. Parks, boulevards and
bituminized streets have been added to :
the attractions of the Western Addition,
while the Mission has been left in its nor- '
mal condition with "nigger-headed" cob- :
ble-stones and wooden sidewalks. Xo i
parks, no boulevards and very few bitu- \
minized streets are to be found within
the entire area of the Eleventh Ward.
To bring about a revolution in this re
gard is thf- object of the various improve- \
ment clubs recently started in this section
of the city.
To acquire the two cemetery lots oppo
site the Mission High School for a public
park is one of the objects in view. This
site, sheltered as it is under the brow of I
the Twin Peaks, free from fogs and chill- !
ing winter winds, is. in the opinion of the
great majority o.f the Mission people, an :
ideal spot prepared by nature for a botan- I
ical garden. Others there are who want j
the "flatlron" •'West Mission streeO |
turned into a little park and the ola ram
shackle wooden buildings burned down !
or removed.
The property-owners and residents of i
Sunnyside want a sewer constructed from j
their section of- the heights into Islais i
Creek bed and thence into the bay, i
?;;;V '■><:;) ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SAVE YOUR BACK.
There are many ways in which
7- , - - rrii» • v■ . ! ...:r you can hurt your back, shatter
"Tillim't JC^ 1 /liP your nerves and loosen all the
]l[|i|li ,S^». --, tj3 delicate pieces of machinery in
Tj r ytfß/9&&±. your body. This is one. Riders
Hjj T-jfl^^BSßL °^ c >' c^ es sun?er a great deal
]{ JJ iH JS^^THBr^ ; <«w' from lame back, inflammation of
■■'11 _/£Br*~"^^&ar ie prostate gland and weakness
.Ijli &&^fsSJptlp&^ o: ' v^ ta^ parts. A mild, even cur-
"JaH^ •^^^ / f;\ ren * ot " electricity pouring
/^wVyH^«y^^^\ through the body while you
frfl syS^S&SfZ&J/ sleep restores the strength, aids
{fwwy^SppUg^Byuj} ft>^(; A- circulation and removes enlarge-
s^s^P^sT'^-'-^ \v[f y/'' ment of the gland, thus bringing
~?^^T^ji<^CT'SfcM^^fejt3B^tf f %^*- perfect health and renewing the
To~ "'^'^^r'^^^^^J 11^^^ I have a book, "Three Classes
-* " r^>*^^|/ ll^^*^ of Men," describing my Dr. San-
. tit » den Electric Belt and how it
cures. Call or send for it, free.
dr. m. A. Mclaughlin, * — ••.'■•'' ••'■"'.•'.»
702 Market St.. cor. Kc a rn .S.F.. NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hour»-S a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 , Dr - Banden's Electric Belt
to 1. BtmnchSTat Los Angel-Y Cai.. 2O4'i South ' 8 n * ve LsJ l * in .*I!Jf/ t0 !Sr D °f
Broadway; Portland. Or., 258 Washington st.; by tracing agents; only at
Denver Colo 931 Sixteenth at.; Dallai. Tex., our office.
285 Main »t.: Butte. Mont.. 110 North Main at. ♦ — '■ ; — -^ ; — : — »
through which a proper system of drain
age may be had from that and the ad
joining section of the city.
Ocean View is willing and ready to Join
hands in this last proposition, as also In
that of getting better streets, more lights
and an abundance of fresh water for do-
mestic purposes.
Mission road and the Five-Mile Hous©
district are out for a substantial school
building, first of all, and after that they
want a general lifting or helping hand
along the entire line of improvements ex
tending into the San Bruno section, which
joins them on the eastern side of Excel
sior homestead.
The last addition to the van of all-round
"progressiveites" comprises the Valencia
merchants, who have lately organized
into a league for the improvement of Va
lencia street by having it repaved from
Market to Twenty-sixth street. This or
ganization Is out for the acquiring of the
old Jewish cemeteries and also the '•flat
iron" for parks. At the meeting of the
directors last night the following commit
tees were elected:
Committee on public affairs— H. t .
Wynn, F. P. Schuster. W. J. Pattosien. E.
S. Harrison and J. H. Boyson.
Committee on publicity and promotion —
W. J. Kenny, Eugene d'Artenay. F. P.
Duly. Eugene McCoy and Gus Lachman.
Committee on trade and finance — L. J.
Goldman, H. H. Manifold. F. W. Warren,
W. J. Pattosien and F. L. Waibel.
These committees are made up from
the board of directors, which constitutes
the main working element of the organi
zation. The interest of the Mission In par
ticular will be carefully looked after by
this association.
NEARLY DIED IN A
FIT OF SNEEZING
PECULIAR MISHAP BEFALLS AN
ALAMEDA MEECHANT.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 24.— John Hansen. who
occupies a prominent place among the
young business men of this city, nearly
sneezed himself to death a few days ago.
The tissues of his brain were Injured by
the attack, and for some time the young
man's condition was considered critical.
The most serious injury he sustained was
a rupture of the drum of the left ear.
Mr. Hansen was at work in his office
last Tuesday when •he felt a chill come
over him and commenced to sneeze. At
first he thought he had caught a slight
cold, but the sneezing continued for
nearly an hour and increased in severity
until Hansen collapsed from exhaustion
and had to be taken to his home on Eagle
avenue, where medical assistance was
summoned. The young man remained in
a comatose state for many hours, the
physicians ascribing his condition to in
juries to the organs of the head brought
about by the paroxysm. When he re
gained consciousness he complained of
violent pains in his head. Upon examina
tion it was discovered that the drum of
his left ear had been injured and his hear
ing somewhat impaired. His eyesight,
which had previously been perfect, was
also slightly affected, but the doctors
state that the injury will only be tem
porary.
Charged With Forgery.
James T. Fletcher, a musician, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Detective
Silvey and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of forgery. He is accused of
forging the name of C. yon der Mehden,
a musician, living at 691 McAllister street,
to a check drawn on the Bank of Califor
nia for $11 GO on February 5. which he in
dorsed and passed on Henry Meyer, gro
cer, 1016 Clay street.
34
DISMISSAL OF
MEREDITH HAS
BEEN ORDERED
Upon the Report of Special
Agents, Major Moore May
Also Have to Go,
Call Office, ~Rlggs House,
Washington, Feb. 24.
The indications are that Major Moore
•will have to go also. The report of
Special Agents Llnck and Smith can
not be Ignored. It substantiates prac
tically all that The Call has printed,
about Moore's relations with type
writers and other women. Assistant
Secretary Howell has not yet con
sidered Moore's case, but the recom
mendation of the Supervising- Special
Agent, Mr. Chance, will be that Moore
be relieved from duty. Mr. Chance de
clined to discuss Moore's case, but The
Call correspondent learned from an
other treasury official to-night that this
will be Chance's recommendation.
There is no doubt that it will be car
ried out by Assistant Secretary Howell.
When seen to-nigh"t the latter was
willing to discuss Meredith's case, but
said he had not had time to examine
the report in the case of Moore, that it
was now on his desk and he might be
able to; examine it to-morrow. Con
cerning Meredith, he said: •"The report
of Special Agents Linck and Smith cor
roborated Moore's charges against
Meredith. There is no doubt in our
minds that he was not a good officer
and should not have been intrusted
with the Chinese bureau duties. The
letter directing that he be relieved from
duty is en route to San Francisco and
should reach there in the course of a
few days. It is brief, does not enter
into the history of the case nor the
findings, but merely directs his dis
missal for cause."
"Does the fact that Moore's charges
against Meredith were sustained mdi- I
rate that Mr. Moore will ba exoner- I
ated?"
"By no means," replied Assistant !
Howell, "for the charges against Moore ;
are of entirely a different nature and I
have nothing whatever to do with
Meredith's case. Moore was charged i
with conducting himself in an ungentle- j
manly way with women."
"Would the department feel Justified j
in taking cognizance of such matters j
provided his official duties had been
performed satisfactorily. In other j
words, would these charges (if sus- i
talned) be considered sufficient ground i
for his removal?"
"I think so," said Howell. "But re
member that I have not yet seen the
report in Major Moore's case, and con
sequently do not know what action I
shall take."
Supervising Special Agent Chance
was then' seen. He said that propriety
forbade his discussion of Major Moore's |
case until the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury has examined the report.
"Have you examined it yourself?"
"Yes."
"Will you make- any recommendation
to Assistant Secretary Howell?"
"Probably so," said he. "It is a part
of my duty."
Mr. Chance spoke of these recom
mendations as "unpleasant duties." all
of which indicates beyond doubt that
Major Moore will also have to walk
the plank.
The report of Agents Linck and
THE BULGARIA
REACHES PORT
Was Believed to Have
Cone Down.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
PONTA DELGADA, Feb. 24.— The
Hamburg-American line steamer Bul
garia, Captain Schmidt, from New
York on January 2S for Hamburg, pre
viously reported in great di?tress by the
British steamer "Weehawken, 800 miles
from the Azores Islands, entered this
port this morning under her own steam
and reported all well on board.
Subsequent to the departure of Sec
ond Mate G. Scharges and three others
of the crew who were picked up at sea
by the British steamship Vittorla and
landed at Baltimore, the weather be
came worse and salvage operations had
to be abandoned. All day and night
the crew and passengers of the Bulga
ria jettisoned cargo until February 7.
During the afternoon of February 7
■William Koenig, a sailor, jumped over
board and was never seen again.
The weather on the morning of Feb
ruary S is described as fearful, and
there was six or seven feet of water in
the hold. On the morning of February
9 the weather became calm, and 107
dead horses were thrown overboard.
The swell was very high until February
10. By that time No. 4 hold, which was
full of grain, had fourteen feet of water
in it and the pumps were foul and un
able to work.
Stormy weather recommenced on the
afternoon of February 11 and lasted
until February 14, when the British
steamer Antillian, Captain Fost. from
Liverpool on February 4 for New Or
leans, appeared. The commander of
the Bulgaria asked the captain of the
Antillian to take the disabled steamer
In tow. This the captain of the An
tillian tried to do and a hawser was
made fast between the two steamers
between 7 and 8 o'clock that mornine.
but at noon the hawser carried away.
The Antillian succeeded in again tak
ing the Bulgaria in tow, but once more
the hawser carried away. The Antil
lian stood by the Bulgaria until the
morning of February 15, when she pro
ceeded on her voyage.
In the meantime the crew of the
Bulgaria had been working Incessantly
in efforts to repair the disabled rudder
of the steamer, and at 10 o'clock on the
morning of February 21 the Bulgaria
was again under control. By noon of
February 22 she had made 226 miles,
-and at noon on February 23. 240 miles
more had been covered. The balance
of the distance here, 194 miles, was cov
ered by 7:30 this morning.
During the storms and in workinc:
the passengers and crew of the Bul
garia sustained many injuries, a num
ber of arms and legs being broken.
Prizes for Historical Essays.
BROOKLINE. Mass., Feb. 24.— The
Daughters of the American Revolution i
have offered prizes for the best essays on
American history by students of colleges .
that admit women, Leiand Stanford Jr. j
Vciverßlty included.
Smith alludes especially to the case of
Fong Suey Wan, a Chinese procuress,
and other Chinese who were captured
In that raid, and shows that Meredith
allowed Fong Suey Wan to escape, not
withstanding the fact that evidence
had been put in his possession showing
that she was guilty of felony.
Assistant Secretary Howell said to
night that even Collector Jackson was
now of the opinion that Meredith was
at fault.
The report of the special agents in
Moore's case furnishes much evidence
adduced in San Francisco tending' to
show that the major had on various
occasions made. Improper advances to
women, as alleged in The Call.
Collector Jackson said yesterday that
he received no information as to the al
leged dismissal from the service of
Benjamin E. Meredith, chief of the
Chinese bureau. He said that Mr.
Meredith was attending to his duties as
usual, and that neither of them had re
ceived any news from Washington.
Special Agents Linck and Smith said
that their report must have arrived in
Washington last Thursday, but that
they had not heard what disposition
1 had been made of it. There was a large
! mass of reliable evidence against Mere
dith tending to show that Meredith de
i sipnedly allowed Fong Suey Wan, the
I noted procuress, to slip through his
I fingers after he had been warned by
: Miss Cameron of the Presbyterian Mis
| sion and several other persons that she
I would be brought into court and dis
■ charged on her certificate of landing.
| It was also shown that he had engaged
| at various times as interpreter Harry
! Huff, a man who had the reputation of
i owning one or two Chinese slave girla
j in Chinatown.
The recommendation of the agents,
I together with the evidence submitted,
! were that Meredith had been guilty of
willful neglect of duty in failing to
! prefer the proper charges against Fong
! Suey Wan, and that his failure to do
bo was reprehensible and inexcusable.
Another charge against Meredith was
i that he had been guilty of conduct un
! becoming a gentleman and Federal offi
i cial in that he had used vile, profane
i and insulting language to a member of
I the press and to Dr. Gardner, at the
' time en official interpreter for the bu
reau. The testimony showed that Mere
| dith was of an overbearing and testy
j disposition while at the head of the
bureau, and that he resented a sugges
tion from any of his subordinates as an
impertinence. On one occasion, when
Dr. Gardner suggested something in
the line of suppressing the notoriou8 f
traffic in and landing of coolie slaves
and contract laborers, Meredith re
warded his zeal by calling him an im
pertinent puppy and ordering him out
I of the office on pain of being kicked out.
Dr. Gardiner, being a man of peace,
likewise a preacher of the gospel of
good will, did not wait to be kicked,
but he has the consolation of knowing
that some unkicked kicks come home to
roost.
The evidence against Major Moore
j was overwhelming. He confessed to his
assault upon Mrs. Pickens. The agents
expressed the opinion that he is insane
j at times and on certain subjects, and
the Treasury Department will no doubt
take the fact into consideration when
passing sentence upon him.
REV. DR. CRABB
WOOED HER NOT
Miss Perry Denies the
Impeachment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, - Feb. 24.— Miss Carrie
Perry, who Dr. Crabb declared had
been thrown in his way by a special
act of divine providence to receive his
ardent love, was the chief attraction in
the Crabb divorce case to-day. She
was petite, pretty and modest, and she
denied that the revei'end doctor had
ever wooed her.
There was a falling off in attendance,
still there was the usual coterie of fe
male admirers of the minister at the
trial. No one appears to console
and comfort Mrs. Crabb, yet the little
, woman bears up wonderfully well.
The question of the admission of a
part of the written confession by Dr.
Crabb that he loved Miss Perry was
the first considered this morning. Judge
Kittredge decided to admit it with the
explanation for the missing part by Mrs.
Crabb. Attorney Haseett then tried to
introduce Dr. Crabb's "Lyrics of the
Golden West." The poems 'To Esther"
and "Esther, the Ideal," it was said,
referred to Miss Perry. In these there
are warm protestations of love, and it
was intended to prove that the plain
tiff in reality addressed them to the
young lady. The court refused to ad
mit the book as evidence.
Miss Carrie Perry was then called to
the stand by the defense. All eyes cen
tered on her. She created a good im
pression and Dr. Crabb smiled approv
ingly. She denied that the doctor had
ever made love to her or proposed mar
riage. ■ She admitted having attended a
lecture with him in San Francisco. He
had written to her that he and Mis.
Crabb were coming down and asked
her to accompany them. Dr. Crabb
came alone, however, and said his wife
was unable to accompany him, owing
to illness. Miss Perry said she had sent
her picture to Mrs. Crabb, and not to
the latter's husband, and that this was
j the one that was destroyed. The wit
ness had never received a letter from
Mrs. Crabb requesting her to cease cor
respondence with her husband. Mrs.
Goodrich, matron of the sanitarium
where the witness was employed as a
j nurse, told her Mrs. Crabb was much
disturbed because she thought the wit-
I ness was paying attention to Dr. Crabb.
' A tetter came for her in the doctor's
handwriting- and at the suggestion of
tin matron it was returned unopened.
Mrs. Mary Perry, mother of Miss Car
i rie, testified to the good character of
Mis. Osborne. The latter was janitress
\ of the Gilroy church, and several times
Dr. Crabb had been found caressing
her hand and gazing lovingly into her
eyes.
Both sidos then rested. Attorney
Burchard, for Dr. Crabb, wanted to
submit the case without argument, but
Attorney Hassett would not consent to
| this. Argument will commence on Tues
day morning.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
FILIPINO VERSION
OF INCENDIARY
DEEDS AT MANILA
Insurgents Declare Napoleon's
Expulsion From Moscow Is
Being Repeated.
LONDON, Feb. 24.— The Filipino
! agent in London has communicated the
j following dispatch:
'.MANILA, Feb. 24.— Americans pur
chased the principal houses, cafes and
' warehouses on Escolta street, and the
{ insurgents set fire to them last even-
I ing. Escolta, from the bridge to Santa
j Cruz, was burned, and blocks of houses
on parallel streets to Binondo church
were aflame. When the firemen ar
rived the Filipinos cut the hose and
! fought desperately with the troops.
I The Filipinos also sent a large body of
' men to try to force an entrance to the
old city gates, at the same time scal
ing the walls.
"The Americans, fearing a conflagra
tion, signaled to the fleet for help, and
j twelve vessels began a bombardment,
firing upon Dulunbayan and Blllblt.
The natives were fighting desperately
everywhere, and there were many hand
to hand conflicts. The Americans re
| treated across the bridge up to Pasco,
i Magallenese and Calzadas in order to
protect the city. Europeans met in pri
vate houses for self defense, but
were respected when their servants de
| clared there were no Americans pres
sent Chinese were the principal vic
tims. Fleeing from the natives to the
Manila gates, they implored the Ameri
cans to protect them, but the Amerl
i cans, mistrusting the Chinese, fired
I upon them, killing large numbers of
"General Otis and the Yankee au
CANAL PROVISION
REMAINS IN BILL
Senate Passes River and
Harbor Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON,' Feb. 24.— After a
session of nearly eight hours to-day the
Senate this evening at 6:30 o-clock
passed the river and harbor bill by the
decisive vote of 50 to 3. The measure
was under consideration throughout
the day and on several of the com
mittee amendments a determined fight
was made, but in every instance the
opposition availed nothing.
The sharpest contest arose over the
Nicaragua canal bill amendment. A
point of order was made against it that
it was general legislation, but the Sen
ate, to which the Vice President sub
mitted the point, overruled it. It was
then attacked as not being relevant to
a river and harbor measurt, but this,
too was overruled by the Senate.
Fettl re-w (Silver R.), Rawlins (D.)
of Utah and Teller (Silver R.) of Colo
rado vigorously attacked the bill, their
opposition being directed especially
against vhe canal amendment. The
statement was made that the measure
would never see the light of day m the
House, and that the canal would not be
built under the proposition inserted in
the afternoon Sewell of New
Jersey delivered a speech in support of
the Hull-Hawley army reorganization
bill in the course of which he declared
that the United States was now as
much at war in the Philippines as it
was with Spain when our army was be
fore Santiago. He expressed the belief
that it would require an army of 50.000
men to control the Filipinos and that
we were likely yet to have serious
trouble in Cuba.
FOR IMPROVING COAST
RIVERS AND HARBORS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.-The river and
harbor bill passed by the Senate to-day
contains the following Pacific Coast
U Ha.rbors: California-San Diego, $50,000;
San Luis Obispo, $50,000; Humboldt, $50 ( -
--0- San Francisco, removing Arch and
Shag rocks, $100,000. and continuing con
tract for $500,000. Oregon-Tillamook Bay
and Bar $25,000; mouth of Siuslaw River,
$30 000- entrance to Coos Bay and harbor,
$150 000 Washington— Olyrapia harbor,
$15 000- Everett harbor, $50,000. Hawaii-
Pearl' harbor, completing improvement,
$100,000. , _
Rivera- California— Improving Sacra
mento River, $30,000, with continuing con
tracts for $184,000; San Joaqulh River. $JO,-
COO- Petalyma Creek, $4000. Oregon-Up
per Columbia River, $7500; Coos River,
$3000; canal at Cascades. Columbia River.
$100 000; Columbia River, Oregon and
Washington, at Three-mile Rapids an.l con
struction and equipment of boat railway
from foot of the Dalles Rapids to head of
Celilo Falls, $50,000; Long Tom River
$3000; Lower Willamette River, in front of
and below Portland, and Columbia River,
Kw the Willamette River, in Oregon
and Washington, $150,000; Coquille River,
below Coquille City, improvement, $40,-
OtXI- Clatskanie River, to complete im
provement, $13,000; for gauging waters of
Columbia River, measuring: tidal and
rivi-r volumes, $1000; Upper Coquille River,
$9000; improving Columbia River below
Tongue Point, by way of south channel
in front of Astoria. $71,000. Idaho—Clear
water River. $10,000. Washington—Cow
litz River, $3000; Lewis River, from its
mouth to Lacenter, $10,000; Puget Sound
and its tributary waters. $20,000; Chehalis
River, for snagging, $3000; Pend Oreille
River from Albany Falls to the town of
Metallne. $10,000; Swlnomish Slough, $20,
--(ji- Willapa River and harbor, $5000;
Okanagon River. $15,000.
Surveys authorized In California— r«.apa
River Sonoma Creek. Sulsun Creek,
Crescent Bay, channel between Straits of
Carquinez and the Golden Gate, off Point
Pinole, Point Wilson and Lone Tree
Point with a view to obtaining a chan
nel 300 feet In width, depth of thirty feet;
harbor 6f South San Francisco, San Ma
teo County.
Oregon — Lower Willamette and Colum
bia rivers below Portland, survey and es
timate of the cost of obtaining- channel
depth of twenty-five feet at low water
from Portland to mouth of Columbia
River; canal and locks situated on west
side of Willamette River, at Willamette
Falls, in Clackaniaa County, with view to
ascertaining; the desirability of their con
demnation and purchase by the United
States; mouth of Columbia River. Oregon
and Washing-ton, with a view to obtaining
a channel of thirty-five -feet in depth at
lowest low water.
Washington— With a view to improve
ment of Jseah Bay as a harbor of refuge.
Honors for Newell Vanderbilt.
RAN RAFAEL, Feb. 24.— At a banquet
given by the ex-members of Company D
last evening at the Fourth street bar
racks, First Sergeant Newell Vanderbllt,
thorltles, In not venturing outside the
fortress, caused an unfavorable Im
pression and much comment in Manila.
The streets were patroled, although
Tagalos were expelled days ago. The
flames extended their sinister reflec
tions over the whole capital giving the
appearance of a fiendish festival. The
inhabitants passed a ghastly night.
The Americans are universally cursed
and execrated. «>
"At daylight the fleet continued its
work of destruction, and marines dis
embarked on the beach a number of
quick-firing guns. The troops then re
crossed the river to protect the remain
ing houses at Binondo and Guiarpo. At
9 o'clock General Otis, from the tower
of the cathedral, viewed with a tele
scope the nre area surrounding the
town.
"There is extreme scarcity of provi
sions. The walls of the suburbs are
placarded with 'Death to Yankees.' and
'Respect foreigners.' The weather Is
very dry and the river and brooks low
er, consequently there Is a scarcity of
water, and the absence of fire-fighting
implements has Increased the helpless
ness of the situation.
"The Insurgents threaten to wreck all
of the capital, not leaving a stone or
brick within the radius of American
control. The savage grandeur and
heroism of Napoleon's expulsion from
Moscow is being repeated In the far
East. Brave races are claiming their
independence and their rights, although
maligned and misrepresented. Cuban
horrors under the Spaniards were noth
ing compared with those of the Philip
pines under the stars and stripes."
who was adjudged by ballot at Van
couver to be the most popular sergeant
in the Eighth Regiment, was presented
with a handsome gold locket studded with
diamonds. The fycket was presented In
a fitting speech by Judge Angellotti. The
committee of arrangements consisted of
Arthur Scott, V. J. Cheda and County
Treasurer Thomas Fallon.
ENEMY'S SHARPSHOOTERS
ACTIVE ABOUT CALOOCAN
MANTLA, Feb. 24, 4:44 p. m.— The en
emy's sharpshooters have been particu
larly active about Caloocan all day.
Special attention was paid to the three
gun batteries near the railroad, and the
improvement of the rebel marksman
ship was very noticeable. The rebels
| fired volleys at the battery, their bul
| lets frequently skimming the tops of
j the sandbags.
A lieutenant of the Twentieth Kansas
Volunteers and three other men were
slightly wounded. A man was killed in
the trenches, to-day.
The rebel battery has not been used
since a shell from the United States
double-tuxreted monitor Monadnock ex
ploded over it yesterday.
The enemy's nre was so hot during
the night in the vicinity of Higgins'
house that the headquarters was re
moved to a church four hundred yards
inside the line.
A few small flres have destroyed sev
eral native houses in the outskirts of
•the city.
The Twentieth Infantry is being dis
embarked from the transport Scandla.
i The regiment will be encamped on the
water front, at the former quarters of
the Tennessee volunteers temporarily.
Orders have been issued to enforce
the provisional customs tariff at Iloilo,
and the following officers have been ap
pointed to conduct the civil affairs of
Iloilo: Major Theodore Stomberg, treas
urer; Captain J. T. Evans, collector of
customs; Ensign L. H. Everhart, port
captain; E. C. Hatch, Eighteenth In
fantry, collector of revenue.
GOLFERS COMPROMISE
WITH BUTCHER KLEIN
For a Proper Consideration His Odor
Manufactory Will Be
Removed.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 24.— When the San
Rafael Golf Club attempted to force Chris
Klein, the butcher, to move his slaughter
house from the vicinity of the new golf
links on the theory that the juxtaposi
tion of an odor factory was not condu
cive to an esthetic enjoyment of the game
Caledonian, the members were not long
kept in ignorance of the fact that they
had caught a Tartar. Klein declared
that "he was there first," and prepared
to make a stand in the courts for what
he deemed his rights. Attorney Camp
bell had not counted on such determined
opposition; so the manipulators of the
brassie and the niblick withdrew their
forces and held a council of war.
Their deliberations resulted in a truce
being declared, and it was finally decldod
to see what could be done with the stub
born butcher on a monetary basis. After
a conference with the "Hoot Mons,"
Klein found enough coin was forthcom
ing to salve his" injured reelings and make
the suit accrue to his financial benefit.
Accordingly, it is stated on excellent au
thority, for a goodly consideration the
butcher will move his sausage mill and
let the Injunction issued by Judge An
gellottl continue permanently. In addi
tion to this compensation, the butcher's
attomey'e fees will be paid by the club.
As soon as the slaughter house is re
moved the club will build a summer house
on Its site and turn it into a sort of villa
similar to the various places around the
bay now so well patronized by society.
FOR A BIG DRYDOCK
AT MARE ISLAND
Plans for the Construction of a Dock
That Will Hold the Largest
Warships Afloat.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— Chief Endi
cott of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
of the Navy Department will advertise
for proposals for building a new drydook
at the Mare Island navy yard in two
weeks. This dock will be of timber, but
otherwise will be like that Just contracted
for to be placed at the Boston navy yard.
The length will be 750 feet, draft 30 feet,
with a width of 80 feet at the bottom.
These dimensions will admit of the dock
ing of any warship likely to be built for
many years to come.
RUDYARD KIPLING
IS GROWING WEAKER
Guarded Statement of His Physician
Does Not Hold Out .uluch
Hope.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The following
bulletin was issued at 10:30 p. m. :
Mr. Kipling, owing to added inflammation
and a continuation of the disease, is a little
weaker, but otherwise as at the last bulletin.
THEODORE DUNHAM.
J. F. JANEWAY.
Soon after It was posted Dr. Janeway
was asked:
"Is the case likely to prove fatal, doc
tor?"
"The progress of the disease is less
rapid than in a fatal case," was all the
doctor would cay.
WEAK, WEARY WOMEN.
"Tired and broken down women,
whose lives are made miserable through
the blighting Influences of femaJe com
plaints, why do you suffer?"
"Why will you allow yourself to be
come 'blue,' discouraged and despon
dent?"
"Why will you endure the torture of
backache, headache, bearing down
pains, nervousness and other weak
nesses caused by rheumatism or head
troubles?"
"If you suffer thus, It Is wholly need
less and entirely your own fault."
"There Is help for you and for all
other women who suffer in this way."
"Let me read you these words, which
were recently penned by a woman who
GREATER GROWS
HONOR'S ROLL
Additional Casualties in
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.—Gen
eral Otis to-day cabled the War
Department as follows:
MANILA, Feb. 24.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washing-ton: Additional casu
alties, February 22, during recon
noissance near San Pedro Macate:
FIRST WASHINGTON.
Killed, Company H, Private Al
bert J. Rupert.
The following' casualltles occurred
In an engagement near Caloocan
February 22 and 23:
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA.
Killed. — Company C, Private Oscar
L. Felker; Company M. Sergeant
W. B. Smith, died of wounds.
Wounded.— Company B, Private
Fred Tobin, neck and lungs, mod
erate; Company M, Martin Eide,
arm, slight: Musician Charles
Hultberg, neck, severe.
THIRD ARTILLERY.
Wounded.— Battery G, Sergeant
Jasper A. Lewis, wrist, slight;
Battery H, Sergeant Charles W.
Wheeler, head, slight.
TWENTIETH KANSAS.
Killed. — Company F, Private
George H. Monroe.
Wounded.— Company L, First
Lieutenant William A. Callahan,
thigh, slight; Company I, Private
John M. Webber, hand, slight;
Company C, James E. Rlley,
scalp, slight; Company F, Corpo
ral Herbert Sands, legs, severe;
Company X, Oscar Mallicoat, head,
serious; Company L, Private Wil
liam Woten, thigh, severe; Musi
cian Tolando Blaisch, thigh, se
vere.
FIRST MONTANA.
Killed.— Company L, Second Lieu
tenant Eugene S. French.
Wounded.— Company K. Second
Lieutenant Philip Greeman, side,
Slight; Company F, Fred Chatel,
elbow, Blight; Company B, Martin
Hyman, leg, slight; Company L,
William M. Stedman, thigh, severe;
Company D, William F. Kramer,
scalp, slight; Company I, William
A. Bonham, shoulder, slight; Com
pany C, Glen W. Hurd, foot,
slight; Company G, Theodore F.
Manchester, thigh and hand, se
vere; Company L, Thomas G.
Dunn, head, serious; John F.
Dunn, thigh and wrist, slight; Com
pany A, Otto Nelson, shoulder,
slight; John Shannon, buttock,
slight.
Casualties in Tondo District
Manila, February 23:
THIRTEENTH MINNESOTA.
Wounded. — Company D, Private
Herman H. Hillman, chest, slight;
Company M, Edigus Fehr, arm,
thigh and across chest, severe;
Oscar Frickman, slight; G. Baker,
neck, severe.
TWENTY-THIRD INFANTRY.
Killed.— Company G, Private Ed
ward Reaver.
Wounded.— Company M. Private
John L. Barker, thigh and fore
head, severe.
Private William Busch, Company
A, Fourteenth Infantry^ cabled
wounded 9th, Is error. OTIS.
WILL GIVE OTIS
PLENTY OF MEN
Uneasiness at the Celerity With
Which Filipinos Pierce Our
Lines.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Im
pressed with the gravity of the Philip
pine situation the President and his
Cabinet grave consideration to-day to
measures which should be taken to put
an end to the trouble aa quickly as pos
sible. It was determined to give Gen
eral Otis all the men he may need. It
was pointed out to-day by a member of
the Cabinet that Otis would not require
any great reinforcement if he succeed
ed In slaughtering the Filipinos as he
did in the engagement of yesterday.
Of 1000 Filipinos engaged, 500 were
killed and wounded and 200 taken pris
oners. This extraordinarily large num
ber is taken as an indication of the
purpose of the Insurgents to oppose the
suffered, who endured, who sought and
who found relief."
"Mrs. H. P. G. Carnes, one of the
best-known ladies In Butler, Pa., says:"
"For nearly three years I was under
the doctor's care, a constant sufferer
from female weaknesses in the most
aggravated form."
"Medicine did me no good and my
suffering was so great that at times I
felt that death would be relief."
"At last our druggist recommended
me to try a remedy about which I had
heard much, but knew little."
"I took hia advice and before I had
finished one bottle, I was astonished at
the marvelous change It made in my
health."
"I am rejoiced to say that It com
pletely cured me. I am now feeling
ALGER DETERMINED
TO STAY IN POWER
Will Not Get Out of the Cabinet
Until H e Is F° rc «d
Out.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24. — The Herald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Secretary Alger said to-day that "so far as hiß
own disposition was concerned he would remain in the Cabinet until the
end of the present administration."
No one ever doubted this. The President has hoped that he might
even unwillingly tender his resignation without a direct request for It.
Naturally the President is reluctant to resort to drastic measures, but
with the pressure being brought to bear upon him by the most promi
nent Republican leaders in both houses of Congress and members of
his Cabinet there is no doubt that ultimately the resignation will be
demanded if the Secretary does not tender it voluntarily.
Secretary Alger will be so completely ignored in all arrangements
for the reorganization of the army and in the selection of officers un
der the law that those who desire his resignation feel confident he can
not much longer withstand the freezing-out, process which has already
been instituted.
In view of such occurrences as those in the House of Representa
tives and of the popular demand in all directions for a change in the
head of the War Department, the President has quite made up his
mind Alger must speedily be unloaded from the Cabinet.
American troops to the last, probably
because of reports Aguinaldo has cir
culated among them that the Ameri
cans will torture them if they sur
render.
The only source of anxiety to the of
ficials is the apparent ease- with which
the insurgents, apparently In large
numbers, are able to penetrate the
American lines. The force of 1000 men
dispersed by the Americans yesterday
"gained access to the outskirts of the
town behind our lines," according to
General Otis. This shows to the of
ficials that the lines of the American
force are so thin that it is not difficult
for the Filipinos to get through without
detection.
FILIPINO JUNTA'S
VENOMOUS TIRADE
HONGKONG, Feb. 24.— The Filipino
Junta In Hongkong publishes a venom
ous anti-American tirade in part to the
following effect:
"Chaos and pandemonium reign at
Manila; trade is paralyzed and pro
visions are at famine prices. The Am
erican officers are afraid to exercise au
thority over the recalcitrant soldiers.
While fighting is in progress both mili
tary and police defy their officers and
HUDYAN IN DRUG STORES. SOc. ;'„■ , .;
/E. L. ReesA
IS CURED. Jw
F I BFFS SANTA PAULA, Cal. ''. J ] '■•'/,. . , w -^: s -
c „ ■ '„ * must • wrlte and: tell you what Hudyan has done for me. Since taking It
VYS ' Inave gained In strength and flesh and sleep better than I have for years. If
" **' « ver I come to your city, I will call and tell you In person what Hudyan has
■ done for me. - • : . .«. - E. I* KEES.
t« «tmv? w ? o^l^^ drugstores. BO cents per package, or 6 packages $2 50, or send direct
Hudyan doctors CO., Market and Ellis Bts,. San Francisco, Cal. You may consult tb»
xiuaj an doctors free, • " ...... . . • • ,
I perfectly well, able to attend to all my
! duties and I believe I owe my life and
' continued good health wholly to the
; use of "Warner's Safe Cure."
"This is only one case among thou
! sards in which Warner's Safe Cure haa
1 been the means of curing the distress
| ing ailments peculiar to women."
"Time and again it has proved to be
unequaled for giving quick and perma
! nent relief."
"No woman who wishes to escape
! misery, to avoid suffering, to replace
I delicacy and weakness with health and
I strength, can afford to be without this
! grand discovery."
! "It is a remedy that can be relied
I upon, a remedy that never fails and
! one that has proved to be woman's best
i friend."
proceed to the front to see what they
style 'fun.' In order to hush the scan
dal of a wanton night bombardment
of the house of a foreign Consul (the
name is not given) the American au
thorities promptly paid for the damage,
hoping to avoid publicity. The escape
of the Consul's family was miracul
ous."
The- manifesto alleges that Major
General Otis is "incapable of filling his
position," and then proceeds in a rabid
denunciation of the American soldiers-,
declaring that their conduct is bring
ing disgrace upon the white race.
The Junta says the premises of a
Hongkong merchant at Iloilo had been
looted by Americans and the merchant
has lodged heavy claims for his losses.
The tirade concludes with the state
ment:
"The reports of the hoisting of the
American flag by the natives of Negros
are practical buncombe."
Caught In San Francisco.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 24.— Ed Franklin,
who stole $7000 from Peter Provensal a
couple of weeks ago, has been arrested
at San Francisco. A telegram from the
detectives of that city was received by
Sheriff Coburn this morning stating that
they had Franklin and that a larga
amount of the stolen money Was found
with him. Coburn left for San Franciaco
to bring him back.MRS. EMILY SPRING
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— A divorce suit
was filed in the Superior Court to-day
that will set San Jose polite society
agog and supply food for the gossipers
for many days to come. The principals
in the case are Mrs. Emily Spring and
her husband, Henry M. N. Spring,
clothier and Councilman. Mrs. Spring
is the plaintiff and she charges her hus
band with violating the seventh com
mandment. She names as co-respond
ents the two Behr sisters — Jane and
Nellie — residents of San Francisco. Feb
ruary 12 and 19 last are given as the
dates when her husband so far forgot
his marriage vows as to mingle and
associate with these young ladies.
Mrs. Spring is determined to insist
on a divorce. She has engaged Attor
ney V. A. Scheller of this city and given
him instructions to carry the case right
ahead to a final separation. The
plaintiff asks for all of the community
property, estimated at over $50,000, $400
. a month alimony and $750 counsel fees.
She demands the custody of the three
children — Jackson, aged 7; Dorothy,
aged 5, and Margaret, aged 3.
The Springs are prominent society
people of this city and have always
moved with the upper-ten. For the
past couple of years they have not got
along: very well together. Several months
ago Mrs. Spring became convinced of
her husband's infidelity and engaged a
detective to watch him, with the result,
,it is alleged, that sufficient proof was
obtained to warrant the charges set
forth in the complaint. On the first of
the year Mrs. Spring closed their pretty
. home on Seventh and S.in Antonio
streets and with her children took up
her abode at the Palace Hotel in San
Francisco. Since that time Spring has
■ b^en living at the St. James Hotel in
ihis city.
H. M. X. Spring is one of the best
known young men in this county. He
conducts one of the largest clothing
stores in this city, on Santa Clara and
Market streets. He is a member of the
City Council and is worth in the neigh
borhood of (100,000. Most of this Mrs.
Sprinp claims is community property.
Spring is an enthusiastic sport and
owns a number of fine hounds. To
these animals and to the fair sex Mrs.
Spring attributes their troubles.
Mrs. Spring has a fortune of her own.
Before her marriage she was one of the
:in<<\vn of the society belles of this
city and took a leading part in festivals
and balis for charity purposes. She is
one of San Jose's sweetest vocalists.
Mrs. Spiinp and her children are now
located at the Hotel Pleasanton in San
Francisco. The erection of a pretty
summer home will at once be com
menced at Belvedere. In August she
wiil leave on an extended European
visit, during which she will pursue her
vocal studies with the b^st masters
abroad. It is said she has ambitions
to become a great concert singer and
her numerous friends are confident she
has plenty of ability in this line.
Mrs. Spring wished to avoid the no
THE PRESIDENT
IS STYLED
A PECKSNIFF
Continued from First Page.
mean by telling those who gathered
around the banquet board at Boston
that up to the ratification of the treaty
h^ had simply held the Philippines as
commander in chief without any policy
of his own, leaving the whole matter to
be determined afterward by the Con
gress? Was he foolish enough to be
lieve that his mere statement would be
allowed to pass unchallenged? Was he
vain enough to suppose that his ipse
dixit would conclude the matter, with
the damning proof of its falsity so near
at hand?
"Mr. Chairman, why did the Presi
dent change his original intention as to
the terms to be incorporated into the
"treaty? What were the influences that
brought the change about? I have
heard it stated that the applause of
the people who greeted him just about
at this juncture of public affairs while
he was on a tour in the West was the
reason fc-r it. Was it, then, the condi
tion of public sentiment rather than
the right or wrong of the matter which
Influenced the Presidents mind? Does
the chief executive regard his great
prerogatives to be so supinely repre
sentative that he must needs abdicate
them at every popular wind that blows?
Does he feel that his high office gives
him no latitude for tne exercise of in
dividual judgment and of independent
action? Did he make no allowance for
' transient ebullitions of public enthusi
asm and excitement, overlook his op
portunity to save the people from
themselves, lose sight of all the sacred
traditions of the country and fear to
make his appeal to that ultimate tri
bunal which has so often in our na
tional history vindicated those who
have fearlessly stood for the right in
public affairs— the sober second thought
of the great American people? And is
his Excellency quite sure that he prop
erly gauged the condition of the public
mind on the subject of Philippine an
nexation? Is he absolutely certain one
swallow really makes a whole sum
mer? It would really seem so, for in
this Hoifie Market address he exultingly
declared that the annexation treaty had
passed the Senate by over two-thirds
and was sanctioned by the judgment of
nine-tenths of his countrymen. How
•that treaty finally got its two-thirds
majority in the Senate— the tremendous
pressure necessary to secure it there—
where its fate hung doubtful and trem
bliig in the balance until the very
latest moment and was then only saved
by the votes of Senators who had most
of them spoken against it, no man
knows better than Mr. McKinley. Adu
lation has indeed sorely blinded the
chief executive to the truth if he imag
ines that even the majority of his coun
trymen approve of this permanent hold
ing in the Orient. Let him not pin his
faith too securely to the sordid inter
ests which clamor so loudly in his hear
ing. If he will but quiet the noisy
throng which surrounds him long
enough to put his ear to the ground
• and listen he will distinguish the
premonitions of the coming storm; he
will hear the steady tread, not of the
100 000 men he demands for a cfusade
against liberty, but of a mighty army
• of people who are beginning to move in
defense of their cherished traditions
and their violated honor. _
"We have been told, further, that the
Preside- 1 yielded up his first blush im
pressions at the importunity of Ad
miral Dewey. who urged that the Phil
ippines should be retained. Mr. Chair
man, the chief executive cannot scre-n
himself behind the gold lace of the hero
of Manila. No one can honor more
profoundly than I do the officers of our
regular army and navy, but their pre
:m:r,s. EMILY s:F:R,iisrc>.
torlety of a divorce suit and for the
past few days has been endeavoring to
get her husband to agree to a quiet
separation. An agreement could not be
dilections are naturally for arms. They
have imbibed, of course, the prejudices
and the preferences of their calling. We
cannot blame them for desiring to mag
nify the size and importance of the
army and navy, for advocating expan
sion and the taking on of a colonial
policy.
'"Again, we have been assured that
the demand of our Peaeft Commission
ers at Paris to hold the Philippines is
what induced the President to yield.
So far as one of the Oommisioners is
concerned, we know that this is false.
But even if this statement were true,
th^ constitutional power to negotiate a.
treaty was his, not the Commissioners'.
They were simply his instruments, ap
pointed to carry out his will. No, Mr.
Chairman, this plea, like all the others,
will not avail. The truth is that these
Commissioners got their inspiration
and their instructions from the White
House. Those instructions once
changed, the action of the Commis
sioners would have been different. The
wrong was with the chief executive.
He and he alone is responsible.
"Mr. Chairman, in my humble opin
ion, the reason for the change in the
Presidential policy was his concession
to the selfish capitalists of the coun
try, his surrender to their demands.
These are the gentlemen who furnished
the money for his nomination and elec
tion and who, I doubt not, have
pledged him a renomination and re
election. These are the gentlemen who
are already seizing upon valuable fran
chises in China, m connection with the
English syndicate, with a member of
Parliament from Wales at its head.
These are the gentlemen whoTh Lord
Beresford has in mind in his cordial
but not wholly disinterested invitation
tn an alliance in China with Great
Britain, Germany and Japan, against
Russia and France, the old-time ene
mies of his country and the old-time
friends of ours. These are the gentle
men who are already grasping after
special privileges in the Philippines, in
Cuba and in Porto Rico. It was, I im
agine, for their special benefit that the
President created his advisory board
to the War Department, composed of
three American citizens, their object
being to farm out valuable privileges
and immunities which should belong to
the people of those islands themselves
and in whose disposition they should
have a voice, if their government is to
be free and their rights maintained. I
have no fault to find with the spirit
of legitimate American commerce. My
contention is against th? spirit of
American greed which cares nothing
for the spirit of American liberty.
"And what do these gentlemen pro
pose? To amass colossal fortunes in
the islands by virtue of their franchises
and upon the cheap labor of the native
population, not one dollar of which will
ever find its lodging place in the pock
ets of the American people. To enable
them to do this our whole population
is to purchase their field of operations
for th^m in the Philippines for the rarr
som of $20.00Qp')00 and is to be taxed in
terminably and excessively in the crea
tion and maintenance of a great army
and navy which is to conquer and hold
the Filipinos in subjection and defend
the islands after they have been ex
pensively fortified against the assaults
of the great European nations, with
which our new foreign policy will be
certain to bring us into frequent con
tention.
"What else is upon the programme of
these gentlemen? The open door in the
Philippines, making it totaJly impossi
ble for ever to discriminate in duties
in favor of the products of the Ameri
can farm and the American shop.
"What is the other sacrifice that is
required? That the annexation of
Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines,
absolutely sure to come at an early
day, for they have registered it in their
vows, shall precipitate the sugar, to
bacco, hemp and other cheap products
of these islands and Hawaii upon the
American market in free and unre
stricted competition with the agricul
tural and laboring elements of our
country.
"This policy, sir, would have been
free trade in William Jennings Bryan.
What is it in William McKinley?"
The House had been keyed to a hfgh
pitch of excitement during Johnson's
speech, but there had been no interrup
tions.
Settle (D.) of Kentucky followed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1899.
reached over a division of the property,
and the court has been resorted to. The
case promises to be stubbornly contest
ed by both.
Johnson with a speech against impe
rialism, the eloquence of which attract
!ed attention. Six months ago, he said,
| no one could have made him believe he
j could ever have been brought to vote
! for a $20,000,000 indemnity to Spain. Yet
| the change of conditions had rendered
it incumbent that he should vote for it,
just as it was necessary that he should
vote for the pending bill. The Govern
ment occupied a certain attitude before
the world. He would stand by it, right
or wrong. (Republican applause.) But
I his action in support of the Govern
ment did not mean that he gave his
assent to the administration's policy
of imperialism. He argued that we rec
ognized the Filipinos as belligerents
against Spain and were now morally
estopped from seeking to place them
under our dominion. We occupy the
cruel, heartless position of accepting
th<^ Islands of those natives and from
the hour of victory leaving them in the
lurch. We must either turn the Filipi
nos loose or subjugate them.
In conclusion he charged that despite
the soft evasions of the administration
it was everywhere doing all in its
power to familiarize the country with
the monstrous face of imperialism.
Landis (R.) of Indiana, replying to
Johnson, declared that the latter did
not represent the sentiments of his dis
trict; that he had been repudiated by
the people. If the .gentleman returns
to his district, he said, he will be cru
cified by public opinion and spat upon
with indignation.
Johnson said it mattered not to him
whether he were popular. He was only
concerned as to whether he was right.
He referred to Landis as the "diminu
tive Representative of the great Re
publican party of the great common
wealth of Indiana."
Rhea <D.) of Kentucky said he was
tired of the vacillating policy of the
President. In the course of his ar
raignment of the President. Rhea spoke
of Secretary Alger as a man who, "if
public history be true, had been cash
iered from the army for cowardice on
the eve of battle."
"That is not true," interposed Spauld-
I ing (R.) of Michigan.
"Oh. I do not mean cashiered in the
I literal sense. I mean that he left his
I command without orders and against
j orders and came here, where he was
j court-martialed."
"He was never court-martialed."
"Then he resigned."
"That's different," replied Spaulding,
amid great Democratic laughter and
applause.
Marsh (R.) of Illinois, a member of
the Military Committee, closed the de
bate. He evoked much applause on the
Republican side in reply to the Presi
dent's critic by referring to him as the
greatest of living Americans, and. the
first in the hearts of his countrymen.
He declared it was absolutely untrue
that any franchises had been granted
in the Philippines, Porto Rico or Cuba.
This closed the general debate. The
committee rose and at 5:32 p. m. the
House recessed until 8 o'clock.
Seventy-seven private bills were
passed at the night session and at 10:30
p. m. the House adjourned.
CANNED BEEF WAS
NOT COMMENDED!
Major General Young and Other Offi
cers in the Santiago Campaign
Give Testimony.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— After a
session of little more than two hours, the
Court of Inquiry investigating the beef
charges adjourned until Monday, pend
ing the arrival of witnesses who have
been summoned. Former Commissary
General Eagan to-day concluded his tes
timony, explaining the provisions of con
tracts for beef for supplies to the armies
In Porto Rico, Cuba and the Philippines.
He vigorously denied any knowledge of
any chemical treatment of beef to pre
serve it. and disavowed any connection
whatever of the Government with any
such treatment.
General Eagan was followed by Major
General S. B. M. Young and othpr officers
whr> were in the Santiago campaign, and
by officers of the suhsistance department.
The refrigerated beef was commended,
while the canned roast beef on the whole
rather suffered as a sequence to the day's
testimony.
Keith's the first milinery opening of the
season. We always lead. •
COMPROMISE ON
REORGANIZATION
Bill Prepared by Senate
Committee.
PROPOSED ARMY INCREASE
PROVISION FOB, 65,000 REGU
LARS, 35,000 VOLUNTEERS.
The Regular Troops to Consist of Ten
Regiments of Cavalry, Seven of
Artillery and Twenty-Five
of Infantry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The Sen
ate Committee on Military Affairs re
ported the compromise army reorgan
isation bill just before the adjournment
of the Senate at 6:30 p. m. The bill
had been framed at the War Depart
ment last night by the officials of that
department and a number of Senators,
and was under consideration by the
Senate Committee and its sub-commit
tee during the greater part of the day.
The formulation of the compromise
was placed in the hands of Senators
Hawley and Carter of the Military
Committee, on behalf or the Repub
licans, and Senator Cockrell in the in
terests of the Democrats. They met at
10 o'clock to-day and continued quite
constantly in session. Colonel Carter
of the army sat with them for the pur
pose of supplying technical informa
tion. The sub-committee had it in
charge until 4:30 o'clock, when the full
committee met. The committee made
a number of changes and after a sitting
of two hours reported the bill to the
Senate.
The bill as reported differs in many
details from the bill read in the House
to-day by Hull, but the general frame
work is the same. In the new bill one
section covers the entire increase of
the army, and it reads as follows:
That to meet the present exigencies of
the military service the President is here
by authorized to maintain the regular
army at a strength not exceeding 65,000
enlisted men, to be distributed among the
several branches of the service according
to the needs of each, and to raise a force
of not more than &5.000 volunteer infantry,
as he may determine, from the country at
large, under general law, or from the lo
calities where their services may be re
quired, with regard to citizenship or ed
ucational qualifications, and to form the
same into not more than thirty regiments,
organized as infantry regiments of war
strength in the regular army.
Provided, further, that each regiment
shall have one surgeon with the rank of
major- two assistant surgeons, one of
whom shall have the rank of captain.
and one that of tirst lieutenant, and three
hospital stewards. Provided, that such
increase in the regular and volunteer
forces shall continue in service <mly dur
ing the necessity therefor, and not later
than July 1, 1901.
The allotment of major and brigadier
generals is a» follows:
That the President shall have power to
continue in service or to appoint by and
with the advice and consent of the Sen
ate brigadier generals of volunteers who.
including the brigadier generals of the
regular army, shall not exceed one for
every 4000 enlisted men actually in ser
vice;' and major generals of volunteers
who. including the major generals of th^
regular army, shall not exceed one for
every 12.0f>0 enlisted men.
Provided, that regular army officers
continued or appointed as general offi
cers or as field or staff officers of volun
teers, under th« provisions of this act,
shall not vacate their regular army com
missions; and provided, further, that no
general officers appointed under the pro
visions of this section shall be continued
in service as such beyond July 1, 1901.
Section 1 provides that the regular
army "shall consist of three major gen
erals, six brigadier generals, ten regi
ments of cavalry, seven regiments of
artillery, twenty-five regiments of in
fantry.
In the cavalry organization, each reg«
iment consists of twelve troops, organ
ized into three squadrons of four troops
each. The artillery regiments are fixed
at fourteen batteries, of which two may
be organized as field artillery.
Two veterinarians are allowed to
each regiment of cavalry- In the case
of artillery, the number of privates in
a battery of heavy artillery is fixed at
"a minimum of fifty-two," and of light
artillery at a "minimum of fifty-one."
The same word is used in fixing the
strength of the regiments, giving each
infantry company a "minimum of
forty-eight privates."
The infantry regiments are fixed at
twelve companies, organized into the
three battalion formation.
The adjutant general's and inspector
general's departments are to consist of j
the number of officers now in these de
partments respectively, with a provi
sion that captains of the line who have
shown marked aptitude in the com
mand of troops shall be entitled to com
pete for staff appointments.
The Senate amendment to the Hull-
Hawley bill, increasing the number of
cadets to 100, is retained.
The judge advocate, quartermaster,
subsistence, medical, pay, ordnance, en
gineering and signal corps departments
shall consist of the officers and enlisted
ALGERISM AND
ITS CONSEQUENCES
President Jordan of Stanford
Strongly Criticizes the Ad
ministration.
STOCKTON. Feb. 24.— Professor David Starr Jordan in a lecture
before the students of the High School this afternoon indicated that he
was very much out of harmony with the administration and prevailing
practices in politics generally. His subject was "Higher Education,"
but he tacked over to current political affairs. He declared there was
enough latent statesmenship in this country shut out by the politicians
from participation in the affairs of the government to improve the
beneficent influences of this Government a hundredfold apd revolution
ize the decaying governmental systems of Europe. The exclusion of
statesmanship and the prevelance of personal "pulls" and "pushes"
was responsible for the embalmed beef scandal, for such incompetent
officers as Captain Alger, and for the thousands of lives sacrificed in the
late ill-managed campaigns of the army.
The Americans, he said, were competent to lead the march of civi
lization and to be in the vanguard of the movement toward more per
fect political systems. As it was now, the burdens of government were
increased twofold through incompetency, waste and dishonesty. The
office was created for the man, and not the man selected for the office
through his intellectual and moral attainments.
The professor told the students the story of how one of the late
Peace Commissioners went to a banquet in Paris with his mouth full of
tobacco. After he had expectorated over the floor a cuspidor was
brought by a waiter, who, being unfamiliar with the use of the recep
tacle, set it on the table before the embarrassed Commissioner. Would
it not be better, he asked, to send men abroad who were familiar with
the usages of good society, instead of men who would make the nation
appear to be made up of uncouth persons?
AD VEBTISEMENT3> _._ n _.
►0404- o i64-o + o 4 o 40404-04040 40404 04-040 4 o 4 o 404040404-040404 o 4- o 404 o 4 o +04040404
— \ "
• -^f BB 9 P*sl 8Ift» fl S W ih«. • M J £ >fi • * lv vl
EXCELLENT COMBINATION.
The pleasant method and beneficial effects of the i known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them
well-known remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured by in the form most refreshing to the taste and acceptable
the California Fig Syrup Company illustrate the value j to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening lax-
of obtaining the liquid laxative principles of plants * ative.
Cleansing the System Effectually,
Dispelling Colds and Headaches,
Preventing Fevers,
Overcoming Habitual Constipation Permanently.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable qual- irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
ity and substance, and its action on the kidneys, liver In the process of manufacturing figs are ÜBed. U
and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or they are pleasant to the taste, but
The Medicinal Qualities Are Obtained From Senna
And other aromatic plants, by a method known to the | come Important to all to have a knowledge of the com-
California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its pany and its product. The California Fig Syrup Corn-
beneficial effects, and to avoid imitations, please re- pany was organized more than fifteen years ago. for
member the full name of the company printed on the | the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a lax-
front of every package. aliv e remedy whioh would be more pleasant to the
Consumers of the choicest products of modern com- j taste and more beneficial in effect than any other
merce purchase at about the same price as others pay j known. The great value of the remedy, as a medicinal
for cheap and worthless Imitations. To come into uni- agent and of the company's efforts, is attested by the
versal demand and to be everywhere considered the best sale of millions of bottles annually, and by the high ap-
of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the proval of most eminent physicians. As the true and
wants and tastes of the best informed purchaser. The genuine remedy named Syrup of Figs is manufactured
California Fig Syrup Company having met with the ; by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowl-
hlghest success in the manufacture and sale of its ex- j edge of that fact will assist in avoiding the worthless
cellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has be- I imitations manufactured by other parties.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL,
Louisville, Ky. New York, N. Y.
For Sale by All Druggists, Price 50c Per Bottle.
men now provided by law. A proviso
makes the battalion of engineers a part
of the line and allows retired officers
to be assigned to active command.
The present chief of the record divi
sion in the pension office is made a
brigadier general, the subsequent chief
to be colonel.
The provision of law authorizing the
assignment of officers of the quarter
master and subsistence departments
with increased rank and the continu
ance in service of certain volunteer of
ficers of these departments for a pe
riod of one year is repealed.
Provision is made that no person
other than an officer of the regular
army who has passed the age of 45
years shall be appointed as a field of
ficer in the volunteer force, nor as a
company or staff officer therein if he
be past the age of 35 years; neither
shall any person not a regular army
officer be so appointed until he shall
have demonstrated his moral, physical
and professional fitness for the grade
in which he is to bo commissioned to
the satisfaction of an examining
board; provided that the field officer of
the force herein authorized be ap
pointed from officers of the regular
army or from persons who served as
officers of volunteers in the war with
Spain.
The President is authorized to con
tlnue in service or appoint volunteer
staff officers as follows: Nine assist
ant adjutant generals, nine assistant
inspector generals, five judge advo
cates, thirty quartermasters and forty
assistant quartermasters: six commis
saries of subsistence and twelve as
sistant commissaries, thirty-four sur
geons, thirty additional paymasters
and thirty-one signal officers. These
volunteer staff officers are given va
rious ranks from colonel to second lieu
tenant.
As soon as practicable, the officers
and men of the volunteer army not
authorized in the bill shall be mus
tered out, provided that enlisted men
of volunteers may be transferred to
and enlisted in such of the new organ
izations as may be below the maximum
authorized strength. Provision is made
that the act is not to be construed to
cause the discharge of any commis
sioned officer now in the service.
TUOLUMNE CITIZENS
WILL CELEBRATE
Completion of the Sierra Railway
From Jamestown to
Sonora.
OAKDALE, Feb. 24.— The completion of
the line of the Sierra Railway Company
of California from Jamestown to Sonora
to-morrow will afford the citizens of Tuo
ADVEBTISEMENT3. . . .
WARNINGS TO MEN
Absent Mindedness, ' Despondency. •
j^B^Epr ' Dullness. Confusion of Idea*,
mr^' Lo " of rieBh ' Pllin in the Biok '
Wat/ , Drowsiness After Metis, NerTeusnsss,
iJHgjj^.' e&£~?^2a£s§£z& Palpitation of the He»rt, Sleeplessness,
{f\Mf %jfrf|Safe>THßßr\ ElMkietds, Pimphs, Annoying Dreuns,
V' C^ l^ rK^^t H^ct^ Lo " of "Ambition, Thoughts of Suieids,
*\ »^fc '■■ I s — " \§k • I<oBi of Vitality, I ATtrsion to Society. ■•",■■:
l^w^ ■ :^BWifc • • NO PAY : TILL CURED -
'/^^^^Ktiim, , >$$&'§ ■■-•>' Dr. Meyers & Co. have r.unh confidence
' '• '•■ffihSUmL' xMttm*£—^R* f in their ability that they will let the pa-
■£-"«/A WSSBiS^mf'^W-iMg/ tier.t deposit the price of a cure in any
BlMiiU'^jaK; y bank or with any business house or news-
ZSffltl s &&& ■ i paper in San Francisco, to be paid to
lwi§H\ • " " them when a cure is effected. Monthly
§£g§|V Ir^^^^S^ payments may be made if preferred.
Men who are weak from the effects of Nervous Debility or from any other
cause and those who have a contracted- ailment can be made strong and
well by the renowned specialists. DR. MEYERS & CO. These physicians
have been a success for more than 13 years. V They have the largest and best
equipped medical institution and the most extensive practice in America.
CONSULTATION AND PRIVATE BOOK FREE.
...WRITE OR CALL...
DR. MEYERS ||il||lfii|||P||
TAKE ELEVATOR. Htan 8 to 5 daily.. Evenings 7 to 8. Sundays 9 U 11. .-..
lumne County, and especially of Sonora,
the county seat, the long-looked-for oc
casion for a jubilee and general jollifica
tion in honor of the event. The regular
passenger train leaving San Francisco at
8:30 a. m., Stockton at 1:20 p. m. and Oak
dale at 2:40 p. m.. reaching Sonora at 5:30
p. m.. will be met by a delegation of the
principal citizens of Tuolumne County,
accompanied by the Sonora Cornet band.
The approach of the train will be an
nounced by the explosion of numerous
bombs from the summits of nearby hills.
Speeches of welcome will be made by
prominent citizens and representative
mine owners of Tuolumne County, re
sponded to by officials of the railway
company, most of whom will be present.
after which all will repair to partake or
a banquet. During the evening a pyro
technic display will take place, which will
conclude the programme for the evening.
Numbers of distinguished visitors are ex
pected to be present from San Francisco,
Sacramento, Stockton, Fresno and other
points.
UNION SAVINGS BANK
DEPOSITORS IN COURT
S\N JOSE. Feb. 24.— This afternoon the
depositors of the Union Savings Bank
commenced action against the stockhold
ers for a several judgment in the amount
of $21 a share, the claimsaggregatingf:UO.
--000 The main purpose of the action Is to
prevent further alienation of property by
the stockholders in the shape of trans
fers and mortgages.
W H. Wright, the new president of the
bank came out with a statement to-day
that the creditors would be paid dollar
for dollar and that in a short time there
would be funds for the payment of a
large portion of the indebtedness.
56
SATURDAY . . . . FEBRUARY 25. 1899
• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
• Address AllCommunicati^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
r Telephone Main ISCB.
• EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
•;.' • Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage: .
" '-..DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year *"•""
° / -DAILY-CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months •*•«»"
. DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months !•»«
i-" DAILY CALL— By Single Month °j**r
■: SUNDAY CALL One Year : inn
'.' ■ WEEKLY CALL One Year -"■•""
'.--''•'•'- All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
.° . ' • Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
; OAKLAND OFFICE ..^....^.M ■■ Broadway
<\EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World BuHdlnft
'•'" DAVID ALLEN, Advertlslnft Rcprosentatliro.
..WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE *"•*«• ««•••
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
' CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bafldinfl
. *• ' C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICE 6-527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open unUl 9:30 o'clock 337 Hayes street, open untU
:• :- 100 o'clock- 621 McAllister street. o,en u O tll MO
'*■- o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 ©clock
'•• v£l Mission street, open until .0 o'clock- »*«"*•*
•"•• street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 clock- 2518
:' - . M^sVon street, open until 9 o'clock- "* Eleventh
.:■■■■ street, ruotH 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
..• until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second cm
I ' ' •••-• Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- '
AMUbEMENTa,
• • ' " : " Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross."
•"■ •' California— "Black Patti Troubadors."
" .'■■•: ' Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
. *_". : Tlvoli— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
• •.•":*.'• •. Crpheum— Vaudeville. Opera Company, Monday evea-
. Onad Opera House— Ellis Opera Company, Monday eren-
: I- ■ 'ins, 1 March 13. _ , „
•V. •" . Chute* and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of IJon»,
: .■ •■ i Clympia — Corner Mason and EUla street*. Specialtte*,
. 3 : J ,: ;. -Central Park— The Steeplechase.
.' .".' '■■'■ Oakland Race Track—
i-;"- . ~~ AUCTION SALES.
'■•••' By O H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, February 27, at 12
. . .o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
ONE-STORY BALDWIN.
BALDWIN'S announcement of intent to build
a row of one-story rookeries on the site for
merly occupied by his imposing tinder-box and
gepulcher combined is a direct affront to the people
cf this city and a threat to capital. It has almost the
savor of blackmail, for Baldwin is shrewd eqough
to realize that one phase of the indignation he will
arouse may take the form of an offer for the property.
Such a structure as Baldwin contemplates would be
worse and more unsightly than a hole in the ground.
It would deface one of the prominent corners, and
necessarily attract cheap tenants, if any at all. It
would be a blot and a blight, having the distinct
cnect of lowering property values. On that corner
should rise a stately structure, and this time not made
of lath and plaster.
Baldwin is not appreciative. San Francisco has been
too .good to him, and he would repay its kindness
with a shanty. The walls of his old hotel should have
been condemned while hot, and leveled to the ground
while warm. Instead of this course being taken, the
aged- capitalist was permitted to do as he pleased, to
t;;ke his time in clearing out rubbish, to use the streets
as depositories for blistered bedsteads and soaking
mattresses, and to abuse everybody who objected.
Now he begins to show the brand of gratitude which
stirs him.
, ' The first thing Baldwin knows he will be getting
unpopular.
A PROFESSORSHIP OF ADVERTISING.
IX a recent address at University College, Liver
. pdol, on the occasion of the formal opening
of a school of commerce in connection with the
college, the Right Hon. James Bryce, M. P., in out
lining the work which should be undertaken by the
school, suggested a systematic training in what he
cailed "the art and mystery of advertising."
' While the proposal is novel in its nature, it is well
worth serious consideration. Mr. Bryce stated that
in none of the great commercial schools of the Con
tinent, or elsewhere, i 3 any instruction given in the
. value of advertising to commercial enterprises, or the
best means of employing it, and went on to say:
"Advertising has now become so extremely important
a part of our commercial life it would be very desir
able if something could be done to reduce it to a
science, so as to enable the young merchant to know
in what way his money expended for advertising
could be used to the greatest advantage."
That such a course of instruction, based upon the
experience of successful advertisers, would be a bene
fit to young men about to embark in mercantile life
is indisputable. Millions of dollars are expended
«very year in advertising, and it is safe to say that
much of it is virtually wasted. Shrewd men of course
learn by experience how to advertise in a profitable
way, but a considerable number of persons go on
year after year paying for so-called advertisements
that yield them hardly any returns whatever.
In this connection it is worth noting there has been
formed in London an association calling itself the
Society for Checking the Abuse of Advertising. It
Tiis conducted a successful campaign against all de
vices which are disfiguring to streets or landscapes
or are dangerous to life and limb. A similar society
would find a good field for operation in America,
where such devices are carried to the extreme.
Whether Mr. Bryce's suggestion will be adopted
at the Liverpool School of Commerce is doubtful. It
sounds somewhat too fanciful to be accepted by con
servatives, and yet it is essentially wise. Young men
•.who intend to carry on a commerce in all parts of the
worJd ought certainly to be instructed in the best
means of making known to foreigners the nature,
uees and prices of the goods they handle, and to do
.that they must resort to advertising of some kind. It
. would be well, therefore, to teach them the folly of
Spending their money on various forms of so-called
*d.ve.rtising which offend the public instead of attract
ing it.
That England has on hand a little affair in Egypt
wherein the death rate is likely to make that of the
Spanish-American war seem trivial is a circumstance
w"hich the people of this country have hardly consid
ered" worth noting. This thing of spreading civiliza
.tiqn among the benighted, while it is an established
"habit, nevertheless comes high.
Several collectors have recently left the city, leav
ing no addresses, and none of the money which they
happened to have taken in. However, as they left a
large part of the latter at the racetrack and pool
rooms, they will not be able to declare dividends even
if they escape the police and their own consciences.
Since Dewey has called for the Oregon there is no
doubt he will get it. If there is anything Dewey
wants all he has to do is to say so.
LEGISLATIVE BLUNDERS.
IN the case of Howard E. Wright The Call warned
the members of the Assembly of the danger of
yielding to misplaced sympathy for an unrepen
tant corruptionist. When his bare resignation from
the Speakership was accepted as an atonement for the
receipt of pecuniary aid in a political canvass under
a distinct understanding that he would support a par
ticular candidate for the Federal Senate it became
evident that the citizens of this State would apply to
such Assemblymen as allowed themselves to be drawn
into that indefensible position the maxim of nos
citur a sociis, or. to express its accurate meaning, that
a man is estimated by his associates.
This warning may now be repeated and enforced
in relation to the Senate, to the entire Legislature
and to the Governor. Because episodes in the life
of Grove L. Johnson were recalled through the me- j
dium of cartoons in the daily press, for which, if |
libelous, a complete remedy was provided by law, it
has been plausibly asserted that the unconstitutional j
anti-cartoon bill, which had been defeated in the Sen- j
ate the day before, was passed and immediately ap- ;
proved. If this assertion had been true, then, irre
spective of the merits or the demerits of this bill, by ;
such an exhibition of rage and vindictiveness the Sen- J
ators who voted for it and the Governor who signed j
it would have injured themselves and not the press, j
It is too clear for argument that a public officer, j
either in the legislative or executive department of
the government, who, representing the people of this .
State, does any act under the influence of passion for
the purpose of revenge, or to facilitate the candidacy !
of a man unworthy of the station to which he as- j
pires, places on record the evidence of his own lack j
of balance and incompetency to reason with accuracy |
orj|o decide with justice.
But the Assembly also saw fit by resolution to ex
press its confidence in Mr. Johnson, and yesterday in
the joint convention he received fourteen compli
mentary votes. These were pieces of folly that cannot j
fail to produce unpleasant consequences. The world :
is exceedingly tolerant to- youthful follies, or even to j
conduct of a graver complexion. There is a generous
and chivalrous vein in human nature, resulting from
the universal consciousness of imperfections that
leads to the condonation and oblivion of early faults
in men, and occasionally in women, who labor and
strive for a transformed and higher life. But the con
dition is an element in the pardon, and, if violated,
the original transgression is revived. A man who,
having a turned down page in his own history, in the
course of a professional and legislative career, in
which he is aided by the silence of the press and of the
public, wantonly and vituperative'y assails every
human being who crosses his path and dogmatically
ard uninterruptedly represents every corrupt element
in politics until he becomes virtually an enemy of the
human race, cannot expect that, in his own case, the
mantle of charity will never be raised. He, above
other men, is called upon to exercise the same moder
ation and the same humanity toward others that he
solicits for himself. He occupies no attitude that
enables him to assume his own immunity as giving
him an opportunity to betray the public, to lower
and degrade the State in which he resides, and coarsely
and brutally to vent his own personal animosities
under the shield of legislative privilege, while he
seeks to deprive an observing and independent press,
without motive or object except to benefit the State
and the nation, of constitutional and legal protection.
The hysterics and melodramatic frenzy at Sacra
mento, to the extent to which they exist at all, are
deliberately worked up by Dan Burns and his asso
ciates in the hope that when all other treacheries to
the people have failed he may be forced into the Sen
ate of the United States on a wave of spurious indig
nation. No human being has pretended to assign a
reason for this unprecedented attempt to insult the
State and locally to destroy the Republican party ex
cept as a retaliation for newspaper exposure and
criticism. The comments of the interior press alone
have deprived the railroad and its satellites of excuse
or palliation -for their obstinate and dishonest ad
hesion to Burns, and the infamy of his success would
be beyond apology or explanation.
The Call has no candidate for the Senate. It
stands, first, for the country, and, second, for the Re
publican party. It asks only that the best available
Republican be chosen. This is a demand that Cali
fornia and the nation will comprehend. It cannot be
evaded by Billingsgate or by puerile exhibitions of
temper. It cannot be affected by the roar of a bully
or by the violence of a bravo. It speaks for itself, in
precise, clear and patriotic tones, harmonizing with
Republican dignity and with American honor.
SfIVE THE FORESTS.
AT the instance of the Water and Forest Society
two bills have been proposed in the Legisla
ture and should be passed. One is to create
the office of Irrigation Commissioner, to serve with
out salary and to co-operate with the United States
Geological Survey in the location of reservoir sites
tor the storage of the flood waters of the State in
such situation as to permit their best distribution to
serve the purposes of mining and agriculture. The
Geological Survey has a Federal appropriation
amounting to $10,000, which, added to a like sum ex
pended by the State, will efficiently locate a storage
system and survey its scheme of distribution, so that
when the Federal or State government, or private
enterprise, under proper legal restriction, is ready to
construct and develop any part of the system the lo
cation will be found ready and the best lines of dis
tribution laid. Surely no argument, beyond its ob
vious necessity, should be needed to secure the pas
sage of this bill. The Federal Government will not
enter upon the work without State co-operation, and
the latter must be official. The Federal appropria
tion may be spent anywhere that such official co
operation is offered, so that California must act now
to secure it. It will cost the State but a trifle; no
salaried office is connected with it and no official drain
upon the taxpayers is proposed by it. The object
lesson is before us. The valley lands are in the dusty
agony of a series of dry years, while a heavy snowfall
covers the mountains. This will melt in the summer
sun, creating floods in the streams which will flow
wastefully to the ocean. Such circumstances will oc
cur again and again, and with ample preparations for
storage and distribution all the surplus water will be
saved to irrigate the millions of acres of valley lands
which, in such years, will be fruitless without it.
The other bill proposed by the society is of no less
importance and is for the same purpose of securing,
without cost, the co-operation of the Federal Govern
THE SAN raAjNTCISeO CALL, SATURDAY FEBRUARY
ment through the forestry division of the Agricultural
Department. This bill authorizes the Governor to
appoint a Forestry Commission of five members, to
serve without salary and at no expense whatever to
the State. They are to comprehensively examine the
situation of our forests and report bills for laws to
secure the economic harvesting of timber fit for the
market, and to preserve for future use the young
crop of trees. They will report the means needed to
protect our forests from fires, which now destroy in
one year as much merchantable timber as commerce
uses in five years. At the close of its two years
term and after making its report this Forestry Com
mission shall cease and determine, so that no salaried
and costly position can germinate in it. It is be
lieved that the Governor will have no trouble in find
ing five gentlemen in the State whose interest and en
thusiasm in the subject will make them willing to un
dertake this high service.
The Legislature should be admonished to the
speedy passage of this bill by existing conditions. The
abnormally dry weather is causing the spread of fires
now in the mountains. The heavily timbered country
lying between the forks of the American River is now
on fire in a dozen places, from opposite Auburn to
far beyond Colfax and up to the snow line. There
has not been rain enough to wet the fallen leaves and
down timber, and, if heavy rainfall does not occur be
tween now and May, the present fires will follow the
retreat of the snow and cause the greatest destruction
ever known. While it is true that the proposed com
mission cannot this year meet and subdue these fires,
they furnish it an opportunity to study the conditions
suited to meet and prevent like destruction in the
future.
These two bills were introduced late in the session,
but they are of such importance that they should pass
by general consent and enable the Governor to
promptly use the authority they confer.
The forestry division of the Agricultural Depart
ment promises complete co-operation with the For
estry Commission, which assures a plan of campaign
that will finally save our mountain forests from de
struction.
A BENEFIT FOR THE INTERIOR.
WISE and timely were the words of the Record-
Union when in expressing regret that .ome of
the interior papers take a narrow view of the
proposed Pacific Exposition it said the only consider
ation of the subject worthy of intelligent concern is
this: "Is such an exposition desirable for the coast
in view of the importance it is now assuming in na
tional concern?"
That is truly the whole issue at stake, and, as the
Record-Union goes on to say: "If such an exposi
tion will substantially advance the coast interests in
the eyes of the world, and as they deserve, then it is
desirable at any cost. If it will not tend to enlarge in
telligence concerning the Pacific States, Pacific Ocean
commerce, our relations to the lands beyond the seas,
our coast production and capacity; if it will not tend
to crystallize sentiment in the nation upon the impor
tance of the Pacific Ocean commerce, then it will be
folly to promote it."
The only way to find a correct answer to the ques
tion involved in these considerations is by studying
the results of expositions in other parts of the United
States. Within the last few years a thorough test has
been made of the subject in the East. Atlanta held an
exposition which proved so profitable to the South
that Nashville followed at once with another. The
success there led to the undertaking of an even
larger exposition last year at Omaha, and now, en
couraged by the results, New York, Philadelphia,
St. Louis, Buffalo and Detroit are making prepara
tions for expositions, and New Orleans and Cincin
nati are talking of like enterprises.
Surely with such results before his eyes no intel
ligent man can doubt the benefits of expositions or
regard them as beneficial solely to the cities in which
they are held. The expositions at Atlanta and Nash
ville attracted attention to the entire South, and mil
lions of dollars of Northern capital and a considerable
number of Northern men have since gone South to
develop the mining and manufacturing interests of
those States. Similar results of good to the whole
Pacific Coast will follow a comprehensive inter
national exposition at San Francisco.
Nor can it be denied that we have reached a point
where such an exposition is needed. Our rural indus
tries have been so developed the production outruns
the demand of the market now open for them. We
need new markets, and such markets are to be found
in many parts of the world. The only way to find an
entrance to those markets, however, is by advertising
ourselves and making our resources and products
known to consumers.
Anything which will stimulate the commerce of
San Francisco will make an increased demand for the
products of the interior. Anything which will draw
the attention of the industrial and commercial cap
italists of the East and of Europe to this coast will
help every farmer, miner and orchardlst as well as
the residents of cities and towns. The benefits of
the exposition will, in fact, be felt throughout the
whole coast. From the Atlanta exposition the new
energy radiated over the wide region from the
Potomac to the Mississippi, and there is no reason
for supposing the influences of the Pacific exposition
trould be less widespread.
Ex-Governor James B. Grant of Colorado, one of
the shrewdest, richest and most popular men in that
State, once its Democratic executive, has left the
Democratic party and joined the Republican. How- I
ever, there is not enough of the Democratic party left j
there to cast a shadow. Mr. Grant evidently got tired
of flocking by himself.
A pretty young woman whose husband is now
serving a term of nineteen years for a crime in which
she was his confederate is about to be tried for the
second time in New York. The first time the jury
disagreed, and as the woman is as handsome as ever,
there is no reason for anticipating any change.
A gentleman who suffered the inconvenience of
having a handful of whiskers plucked from his chin,
and has brought suit for $250, is moderate in his de
mands. Certainly a barber would have removed them
for less, but between barbering and barbarism there
is a distinction which must be maintained.
It is a pleasant surprise for this country to learn
from Sir Charles Tupper that Great Britain won our
victory with us in the recent debate with Spain. If
Sir Charles knew this before he ought not to have
kept it a secret.
General Shafter must have brought a fairly good
constitution back from Cuba or the multiplicity of
banquets to which he is being subjected would lay
him out.
The legislative scheme to prevent lawyers from
badgering witnesses has much to commend it, but a
good club would better serve the purpose.
A vote of confidence passed by a Legislature which
seems to have so much confidence in Burns really
does not amount to much.
FUHRMAN`S DEFENSE
o FEBRUARY, 23, 1899. 0
0 To the Editor of The Call-Sir: In the interest of fair play I 0
0 would respectfully request you to permit me. through the columns of g
0 your valued journal, to acquaint the public of this city with some 0
» facts in relation to the collection of delinquent taxes which l the 0
0 other daily papers utterly refuse to publish. For the past fourteen 0
0 days there have appeared daily In the Examiner articles full of the «
0 choicest selections from the latest edition of -billingsgate diction- 0
0 ary " as revised by Andy Lawrence, charging me with all possible «
0 crimes, of which the mildest are "the robbing and persecution of 0
0 poor widows and innocent orphans," and threatening me with Grand C*
0 Jury investigations" and a berth in San Quentin if I should dare to Q
0 continue "my nefarious practices." And why ail this? Simply, Mr. 0
0 Editor, because I have striven to do my duty without fear or favor, 0
0 and have so far forgotten myself as to treat Mr. Andy Lawrence, the 0
0 editor-in-chief of the self-styled monarch of all the dailies, the same 0
0 as I would treat any ordinary mortal. Simply because of all the 0
0 special counsels ever employed by this city I am the first attorney 0
0 appointed who has succeeded in making Andy Lawrence, the most no- 0
0 torious tax-shirker west of New York, pay his taxes.
0 In the opinion of Mr. Lawrence this is a crime at least equal to 0
0 high treason, "which ought to be punished with instantaneous death, 0
0 without benefit of clergy. Mr. Lawrence is, of course, a very poor 0
0 man, because he is only assessed for $200 worth of furniture, which 0
0 is all the wealth he possesses, according to the assessment rolls, with 0
0 no jewelry, no watch, no money in bank, no library and not even a 0
0 musical instrument to cheer him up when he arrives at his fireside in 0
0 poverty flat, situated on Nob Hill. And while this assessment is far 0
0 ' below the average assessment of an ordinary laborer and working- 0
0 man, yet poor Mr. Lawrence has never seen fit to pay his taxes 0
0 thereon until he was compelled by suit, prosecuted by me, to pay at 0
0 least his taxes for 1896. Another suit for the 1897 taxes is still pend- 0
0 ing, and my service men have at last succeeded in serving him with 0
0 the summons and complaint to-day, after three weeks' hard work to 0
0 make rersonal service on the artful tax-dodger. When he was served 0
0 to-day he swore amid a volley of the choicest oaths that he would 0
0 again "get even with that Fuhrman, and drive him out of town." 0
0 This, in brief, is my story. The poor widows and orphans are 0
0 mainly incorporated in the holy person of Mr. Andy Lawrence, but in 0
0 addition thereto let me say that only thirty-five delinquents of 1896 owe 0
0 this city the pitiable sum of $52,757 15 in the aggregate, among which 0
0 are several banks, the Blythe estate, and other prominent and highly 0
0 respectable tax-dodgers; all of whom have been sued and every suit 0
0 will be pressed without fear or favor. No wonder the Examiner is 0
0 indignant at the "persecution of such poor people." Very respectfully 0
J3 yours, ALFRED FUHRMAN, 0
0 Special Counsel for the Collection of Delinquent Taxes of the Fiscal 0
0 Years 1896-97. ' $
0 °
000000000000000000S0S0000000000000
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. C. Tandy of Hanford Is at the Lick.
J. Muth of Tahiti is staying at the Oc
cidental.
Mrs. L. W. Howes of Boston is a guest
at the Palace.
Mrs. E. F. Pierce of Los Gatos Is a
guest at the Lick.
P. C. Drescher, a Sacramento merchant,
is at the California.
F. H. Mason, a hardware merchant of
Spokane, is located at the Palace.
L. J. Friend and* wife of Los Angeles
have engaged apartments at the Russ.
Volney W. Foster, a prominent Chi
cago resident, is a guest at the Grand.
George D. Clarke and wife of Kobe,
Japan, are registered at the Occidental.
Mrs. O. M. Henry of Modesto is at the
Occidental on a short visit to this city.
William A. Spinks. the expert billiard
ipt, is registered at the Grand from Chi
cago.
Ernest D. White of New York and W.
C. Pieffer of Portland are at the Cali
fornia-
Alex Brown, member of the State Board
of Equalization, is registered at the Lick
from Milton.
James Dunsmuir, the coal king, of Vic
toria, B. C, is registered at the Grand
with his wife.
C. E. S. Wood, «. leading attorney of
Portland, Or., is at tha California, accom
panied by his wife.
B. Wood Davis and "J. C. Armstrong,
two Cincinnati merchants, are among the
arrivals at the Palace.
Ex-Sheriff W. C. Conroy of Auburn and
H. R. McNoble, a Stockton attorney, are
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Mrs. Craig Lippincott and daughter and
Clement Lippincott and wife of Philadel- j
phia are among the guests at the Palace.
F. E. Curtis, a Los Angeles hotel pro
prietor, and W. R. Forman, an Antloch
merchant, are making the Grand their
headquarters.
Miss G. O. Selby of Indianapolis came
to this city to join her brother. Norman
Selby, better known as "Kid" McCoy, and
is at the Occidental.
Major General William R. Shafter re
turned from Los Angeles yesterday morn
ing in company with his aid, Captain E.
K. Plummer. He has entirely recovered
from his recent indisposition and spoke
feelingly of the grand receptions given
him in the southland.
W. E. Cook, a member of Company C,
First California Volunteers, was among
the arrivals on the steamer City of Pe
king. He was in service in Manila, but
was obliged to return on account of sick
ness, and he is now stopping at the home
of his mother, Mrs. N. F. Cook, of 312
Eddy street.
CALIFORNIA'S IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— Peter McDonald
of San Francisco is< at the Hoffman.
THE FLOOD SUFFERERS.
Over Two Million Yellow River Chi
nese Starving to Death.
A pathetic appeal has been received by
the Chamber of Commerce on behalf of
the flood sufferers of the Shantung prov
ince of China. Those signing the appeal
are American and English people, and
their account of the prevailing distress
of the unfortunates shows that the situa
tion is serious. The writers state that
the Chinese of the district have raised
something lika $70,000 American money,
but this will go but a short way, as there
are over two millions of people starving.
The letter states:
Dally, almost hourly, we are in receipt of re
ports from our countrymen in the interior de
picting the condition of the famine refugees.
Hundreds of villages are submerged, others sur
rounded by water, houses, furniture, clothing.
In fact everything, la under water. The na
tives themselves are living In straw huts. Many
have absolutely no shelter from the winter's
cold and snow, subsisting on bark, willow
twigs, roots, etc. The summer's crops have
been a failure, the seed for next spring's sow
ing Is gone, and there is nothing for these
starving millions to hope for.
In the Divorce Court.
Man' R- Crawford has been granted a
divorce from Thomas Crawford on the
ground of willful neglect. The plaintiff
was allowed to resume her maiden name,
Pchuller. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Alvina Schmidt against Carl H.
Schmidt, for desertion, and Marie C. Mlk
klesen against Jens Mikklesen for cruelty.
Look out for 81 Fourth St., near barber and
grocery; best eyeglasses, specs, 13c-40c. •
The most appropriate souvenir of our
Golden State for your Eastern friends
would be a basket of Townsend's Califor
nia Glace Fruits; 500 Ib. 657 Market st. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
GERTRUDE
ATHERTON
Tells What She Thinks
of
TEE SENATE AND
WASHINGTON SOCIETY
In Next Sunday's Call.
FAIR PROPERTY IS
TO BE CONSIDERED
IT WELL COME BEFORE THE
STREET COMMITTEE.
The City Urged to Assert Its Right,
and Also to Abate a Nui
sance.
One of the most Important matters that
has been called to the attention of the
Street Committee of the present Board of
Supervisors will come up for consldera-
I tion on Monday. It will be in connection
with the disputed Fair property on North
Beach.
J. T. Engle will present a communica
tion setting forth the legal status of the
property from his point of view, and urg
ing the necessity of action on the part of
the city to assert its rights to the same.
His communication In part will say:
If the Fair estate is not checked now, it will,
at an enormous expense, fill in and utterly de
stroy this safety basin and commit a monu
mental act of vandalism against the marine
and mercantile interests of the world, and
that, too, at the very time the Merchants' As-
Bociation Review is advocating the construc
tion of Just such safety slips on the entire
northern city front.
There will also be submitted the follow
ing petition, which is being numerously
signed:
The undersigned residents and registered vot- |
ers In the Forty-first Assembly District re- j
spectfully represent:
That the health of ourselves and our families
and the safety and comfort of our homes is se
riously threatened by the maintenance of an
enormous open cesspool by the Fair estate on
the northern side of Ban Francisco. A portion
of the bay has been land-locked and walled in
by a line of piles and rock and by a tilling of
sand within that line, so that the water within
that enclosure no longer ebbs and flows with
the tide, but is converted Into a pond or lake.
Into this lake empties the sewage from an area
of more than 140 blocks, and it is there pent up
to stagnate and to breed noxious exhalations
and a pestilence to poison the air which we ,
and our families must breathe.
If the public streets had been left open where '
they cross the tract that Is being reclaimed ]
and where they intersect the rim of. the pond j
referred to, or if sewers had been constructed
th«rela at a!! of those points, no such unfor- !
tunate result would have ensued. If all of j
those streets or portions of streets were now to
be opened or large sewers built therein, the ex
isting nuisance would be abated.
We accordingly memorialize your honorable !
body and urge upon you the necessity of af
fording us Immediate relief from the danger |
herein referred to, either by compelling the
extension of all sewers across the Fair tract, or
by requiring: that the enclosing wall above i
mentioned be perforated where the streets In- I
tersect the same, and that sewers or other j
openings be maintained therein so as to allow !
the uninterrupted discharge of all sewage into
the waters of the bay.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' BENEFIT.
Longfellow's "Evangeline" to Be
Bead in Connection With a
Series of Tableaux.
There have been a number of rehearsals
of "Evangeline," which is to be produced
in Native Sons' Hall this evening
for the benefit of the Native Daughters'
Home, recently established In this city,
and the number of tableaux which have
been under the direction of a committee
of La Estrella Parlor, under whose aus
pices the reading will be given, has in
creased from sixteen to twenty-one.
These, presented at the proper time,
when Longfellow's exquisite production is
being read by Psrst Grand Presidents Miss
Clara K. Wittenme?/er and Miss Mariana
Bertola and the Misses Rose Cohen and
L. O'Keefe, all noted for their elocution
ary talent, will give an added interest to
the words of the poet. In addition, there
will be several selections by a choral of
thirty voices, four vocal solos and spe
cial orchestral music.
The money realized will be devoted to
aid in the complete furnishing of the
home.
L«nt€n Service at St. Mary's.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the second
of the series of Lenten exercises under
the auspices of the Calvarian Society will
be held in St. Mary's Cathedral. The dis
course which will follow the "Way of the
Cross" will be delivered by the Rev. J.
E. Cottle. His subject will be "Human
Repentance." The text is from St. lake's
gospel— "And the ' Lord, turning, looked on
Peter, and Peter remembered the word
of the Lord." The services will conclude
with the benediction and blessed sacra
ment.
Not David Donohue's Brother.
Relatives of David Donohue, who was
unfortunately shot and killed during a
duel between Martin Kelly and Billy Har
rington in the Republican county commit
tee rooms some years ago, refute the
statement that the deceased was a broth
er of James Donohue, as has been an
nounced, who petitioned Judge Mogan to
be sent to jail that he might mend his
ways. David Donohue had but one broth
er, John Donohue, so naturally James the
petitioner, could not have enjoyed that
relationship.
Mary G. O'Brien's Will.
The will of Mary G. O'Brien, filed yes
terday, bequeaths an estate valued at
$1250 to her daughter, Mary P. O'Brien,
who is named as executrix to serve with
out bonds. In her will Mrs. O'Brien says
that John O'Brien of Company I, Eighth
United States Infantry, called upon her
and said that he was her son. Mrs
O'Brien says that the soldier is an im
poster and entitled to no share of her
estate, which she provides against.
Greek Church Lenten Services.
The special Lenten music In the Ortho
dox Greek Church is especially solemn
and the nocturnal, which is the service
for Saturday evenings, will be especial
ly Interesting.
COLLISIONS
AND ACCIDENTS
ON THE FRONT
Steamers and Schoon
ers in Trouble.
THE YACHT FOLLY DAMAGED
CAPSIZED WHILE BECEIVING A
COAT OF PAINT.
Sale of Unclaimed Klondike Outfits
by the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company — Triple Launch
ing To-Day.
There was a chapter of accidents in the
bay yesterday. The steamers Apache and
Monticello were in collision, the gasoline
schooner La Chllena and the schooner Jo
seph and Henry ran into each other, the
yacht Folly was badly damaged and a
sailor from the lowa was nearly drowned.
The river steamer Apache brought from
Mare Island a quantity of supplies for
Manila. These were put aboard the Roa
noke and the Apache proceeded to her
dock at Market street wharf. The Mon
ticello was docked across the way at Mis
sion street, and a3 the Apache came up
the slip the wind and tide caught and
carried her down on the Vallejo boat.
The Montlcello was struck hard on the
port side and every pane of glass in the
steamer was broken by the crash. A few
feet of railing were carried away, but the
damage was not sufficient to prevent the
Montlcello from making her usual after
noon trip to Vallejo.
The La Chilena was on her way to Fort
Ross and the Joseph and Henry to Co
quille River. The latter was beating out
and about 2 p. m., when off the Presidio,
the two vessels came together. The cap
tain of the La Chilena thought the
schooner would cross his bows, but mis
calculated the distance and the vessels
crashed into each other. The La Chilena
lost her fore and main mastheads and
had to return to port for repairs. The
Joseph and Henry continued on her way,
so her damage could not be ascertained.
Commodore Campbell and his wife had
a thrilling experience on the yacht Folly.
It is only a short time ago that the com
modore purchased the yacht and she was
being got ready for the summer season.
Now the Folly is unusually deep and on
the dock has somewhat the appearance
of a wedge. She was got close inshore,
between two wharves, at Sausalito, and
when the tide began to fall gays were
run from the foremast to the wharves
to prevent the Folly from toppling over.
At almost dead low water Commodore
and Mrs. Campbell were standing on the
yacht's deck, directing a gang of paint
ers, when without a moment's warning
one of the guys parted and the Folly fell
with a crash on her port side. The com
modore, his wife, the painters and the
Eaint pots were all thrown into the bay.
ut luckily tbe water was only a couple
of feet deep, so they were able to wade
ashore, escaping with a ducking. A num
ber of the planks pn the port side of the
Folly are sprung and she will have to
go on the ways for an overhauling be
fore she can go into commission.
One of the sailors of the lowa fell from
the boom rigged from the side of the
battle ship and had a narrow escape. He
struck his head against the side of a boat
which was alongside, but just managed
to keep afloat until a couple of his com
rades, who jumped overboard after nim,
reached his side. He was as well as
ever half an hour after he had been taken
to the sick bay.
The schooner Fortuna arrived at Eure
ka yesterday at noon and Captain Rosich
is delighted. He left three hours after
the Occidental and beat her into port,
thus winning the bet he made with Cap
tain Brandt before leaving here live days
ago. Captain Rosich telephoned the news
of his victory to the Merchants" Ex
change yesterday.
The barkentine Wrestler and the bri?
Lurline will have a tight race to Kahului.
There is only one wharf down there, and
whichever vessel gets in iirst discharges
and loads sugar for San Francisco while
the other vessel lies in the stream and
her crew looks on. The Lurline sailed
from here last Wednesday and the Wres
tler got away yesterday morning. The
betting is all in favor of the Lurline.
There was a sale of unclaimed goods at
the yards of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company on the front yesterday. Nearly
all the stuff was made up of the outfits
and provisions of men who had started
tor the Klondike, but got cold feet and
came home when they got to Dyea or
Skaguay. Their outfits they did not con
sider worth the return freight, so they
left them on the steamship company's
hands. Peddlers were the principal pur
chasers and the goods realized small
prices.
The tugs Fearless, Wallula and Union
will be launched from the Union Iron
Works this morning. They will be placed
in the water one after the other and will
be christened by the children of the men
who assisted in building them.
Repairs are being made to the steamer
City of Peking. One new plate will have
to be put in on the port side and two oth
ers will be straightened. She will get
away on schedule time for the Orient.
The American ship M. P. Grace is mak
ing a very long passage from Sydney, N.
S. W., to this port. She is now out ninety
six days, which is something unusual for
her, as she is a fast vessel. All the ves
sels from Australia have been making
long passages, so the supposition is that
the Grace has been delayed by light winds
and calms.
The master of the schooner Reliance ran
his vessel into the hay wharf yesterday
and nearly killed one of his crew. The
vessel was making her way out of Mission
Creek with her jib and foresail set. A
sailor was on the jibboom fixing some of
the gear and the skipper was at the
wheel The latter had been bidding a
number of his friends good-by and was
feeling happy. Nearing the hay wharf,
he attempted to shear the schooner off.
but his hands got mixed and he put the
helm to port instead of to starboard. In
consequence the Reliance crashed into the
wharf and the man had to jump over
board in order to save himself from be
inE killed. After some hard work from
people on the wharf the man was rescued
and the schooner got off and proceeded
down the bay.
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs is Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bit
ters. Try it. Be sure to get the genuine.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USING
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give immediate relief or money refunded.
Sold in handsome tin boxes. At Owl Drug Co.
In Mexico the family of a dead duelist
can claim support from the person who
shot him. ______^^_____^______
RoYAL
Baking Powder
. Made from pure
cream of tartar*
Safeguards the food
against alum* v
Alton baking powders are the greatest
menacen to health of the present day*
hoyal BAWNa powoew 00., new vow*.TAX COLLECTOR
IS ALLOWED
HIS DEPUTIES
: £)oes Not Get All He
•;V'H . Asked For.
? ASSESSOR'S ALLOWANCE
•VfjESHPECTS TO SHOW A SURPLUS
:•■.■';.-.■; IN JUNE NEXT.
He Will Not Increase Eeal Estate As
i -■../• sessments, but Will Try to
'*..-. ;."""." Equalize the Various
■ :'. '. ; ••" Districts.
.-. T.h.e war that has been waged by Tax |
"Collector Sheeb.au on one side and the Pi- j
. nance Committee of the Supervisors on ,
.the .other was brought to an end yester
day, when the committee decided to re
port in favor of the Tax Collector being
"■"allowed twenty extra deputies for his
".office during March, Chief Clerk Hagan :
appeared before the committee in behalf •
.of Mr. Sheehan and asked for twenty-five
■-■men; -stating it would require fully that
,° number to perform the work in hand in
■ fine -season.
■ Supervisor Perrault Questioned Mr. Ha
- gan as to the number of bills to be made
\ oUt," and also as to the number which
V'oiHd make an average day's work. After
".eliciting this information the chairman
.announced himself in favor of allowing
.sicttfen clerks. Supervisor Collins thought |
° tilts tvas- figuring too close, as there were
' a lot .■of bills to be made out and the pub
''lie. was averse to paying a penalty on
taxes not paid before a certain day. hie
■ .thought, twenty men more nearly the
• ..right number. . .
■ Supervisor Attridge. the third member
•of the committee, echoed these senti- i
J merits, and it was finally decided to allow
t wenjty clerk?, with the proviso that if j
more were found necessary they would
■be- allowed. Mr. Sheehan is to appoint
the new men.
■ - "Dr "Washington Dodge, the Assessor,
' apoeared before the committee in sup
port of- his request for an allowance or
■ $14.505' for extra deputies in March. He .
said this was the amount used by his pre
■ dece'ssors. He would surely keep his ex- !
• pend'it-ures within that amount and would \
. save all he could for the city- He said
.the work was six weeks behind when he !
" tor>k -office, which accounted for the num
ber of men he had in his office. He would
get through as soon as possible and hoped
to- "nave a balance at the end of the fiscal )
■
: '. *" c i"re"- also said he was not going to in- j
crease real estate assessments, but would
• -.try to equalize the districts. Some sec- i
tions -showed greater returns on the j
: njonev invested than lid others.
.;■. The' examination regarding the com
•pen«alion to be allowed the San Fran
: -Cisco Gas and Electric Company and Pa- >
' 'cine Gas Improvement Company for hgnt
" -tag-streets and public buildings with gas
'•a-ul electricity will be commenced next
' ; Tu-s.tay evening. The Finance Commit- ;
'tpe has requested all members of the
*-' board -to attend. Judge Seawell recently
' "-decided hat the lighting contracts were '
••4'nvaHd, but that the Supervisors must
'ia-Jlow the gas and electric light companies
'? reasonable compensation for the light al- j
txeady" furnished. Hence this investiga
c tinn "on the part of the board. It is ex-
VectPd the bills already rendered will be ;
• - lEaterially reduced after the inquiry-
MONEY FOR THE GOVERNMENT
A Bondsman of a Defaulting Indian
■•' Agent Forced to Pay.
:''. Thy i-ppened yesterday in •
'••the Federal building, and that was the
1 judgment
t the Unit* 3 slstant
, • worth is en
titled to the credit oi the collection.
• -"About two years ago the case of the;
' the Government. Yatea was
Uan Agent at the Round Valley re?
tlon, and was found to be short in
- •■': 4~>. His bondsmen were
• re Whit' . tht- cattle king, and B.
- of Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
-
- ago and It waa thought that Marks
- the money
b- lost to the Government. But Mr.
h learned recently that Marks
- -me property that could be levied
and he lost no time in getting hold ,
•
'The result was thai aterday he
■ at on- of the local bank? Mr.
s 1 check for $V-~ . a little less ;
the value of the judgment with in
-. The remainder will be ;
• ■ i I - iay.
• This 1? the first judgment recovered by |
q rernmenl n many ye
Grand Jury Indictments.
• Grand Jury, at its meeting on
-■ay. found a number of indictments
were placed on the secret file in
Belcher's Court. The names of
• - as indicted were .not given out,
understood they were petty of-
The warrants were placed in the
the police yesterday for service.
•'.Keith's; it costs us labor and money to
get up' an opening. Come and take advan
tage of the same. -Keith's." SOS Market.*
Moonshiners Indicted.
Charles Newman and Joseph Wooe*t
indicted by the Federal Grand Jury
--■■; for violating the internal rev
taws. Newman worked in the Fred
ericksburg Brewery in Santa Clara Coun
■ ty .and in order to increase his earnings
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
A New York Physician Advises
His Patient to Take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
\ [letter to vis. pinjcham no. 73.93<5J
'■ Dear Mrs. Pixkham — I have three
children and suffered with falling of
the womb and flooding. My physician
: s<?raped the womb, still the flooding
iion-tinued and I was no better. At
■last he advised me to use Lydia E.
.p.inkh'am's Vegetable Compound. Then
•I-.thoughtl would write to Mrs. Pink-
ha.rrT for she could advise me better
than any one if I was to take her reme-
dies. I received her reply and followed
.•all -her directions and 1 am very glad
'to- send yon this testimonial, for Lydia
E.- Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is
just what it is recommended to be. I
advise all women who suffer from
these .complaints to trj- it." — Mabik
LiE^ip,. 108 SdAvb., New Yoek Crrr.
''A year ago I was a great sufferer
from : painful menstruation. I could
to down or sit down for the dread-
each month. I wrote to you
and- took twelve bottles of Itpdia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has helped me so I cannot find
words to express my gratitude toward
Mrs. Pinkham. lam to-day well and
hearty.'— Miss Joie Salt., Doveh,
cc Co., Mich.
* re than a million -women have
been helped by Mrs. Pinkham's advice
and medicine.
DIRECT RAIL LINE BETWEEN
VENTURA AND SANTA MONICA
Another Important Shortening of Its Through Coast Route Contemplated by the
Southern Pacific Company.
BETWEEN the active operations I
of the Valley Road and those of {
the Southern Pacific the State of
California will probably see dur- j
ing the next year one of the |
i busiest periods of railroad construction
S in its history.
It was learned yesterday that the
| Southern Pacific Company has had un
; der consideration for some time the j
construction of a direct connecting line j
between Ventura and Santa Monica,
along the coast. Two strong induce
ments exist for the construction of this
proposed link. It will shorten the dis
tance between Ventura and Los Ange
les by ten miles and will provide a
lighter grade between these points than
now exists via Saugue. It will also tap
a new section of territory, and one that
is looked upon as being capable of con
rable development. Other import
ant results to be achieved by this pro
ject are that it will shorten the pro
posed new through coast route of the
' Southern Pacific, and enable its trams j
; to hug the shore for about fifty more '
I miles than has heretofore been possible, j
As with the fifty-five mile gap be- !
tween Surf and Elwood. this work has j
been held In abeyance owing to the ,
financial problem that its execution in
volved. But since the settlement of the j
set up a thirty-gallon still and engaged in
the manufacture of brandy out of wine
and prunes without notifying the revenue
officials of his venture. Wooest had a
ten-acre vineyard and a prune orchard in
the <same county and also went into the
manufacture of prune brandy.
BOOMING THE BLUE LABEL.
Local Cigannakers Will War on Non-
Union-Made Goods.
At the meeting of the Labor Council last
night William Strauss of the New York
Cigar-makers" Union made a long speech
urging the members of the council as
union men to look for the blue label on
cigars.
"A few years ago," said Mr. Strauss,
"there were. 700 cigar-makers working in
this city and earning good wages. The
market has since been flooded with East
ern scab goods from the sweatshops of
New York and the farms of Pennsylva
nia To-day there are but 200 cigar-mak
er- in the city and n<>t half of them have
steady work. If you as union men will get
and stand together and insist on union
made goods things will be better in the
future If you 5o not there will not be
a cigar-maker working in the city within
rive years. Makf a firm fight and you will
help us and yourselves."
Several memb< rs of the local Cigar
makers' Tnion spoke on the same linos
as Mr. Strauss and a committee wasap
pointed to assist him in making his fight
against non-union eoVins.
Town Talk.
The fact that pictures do not make a
paper has been fully proved by the sue
;" Town Talk under its new regime,
being excluded from the inner
iing matter filling every
available space. "The Saunterer" gives
eight pages of bright paragraphs, club,
political and society chat. The new de-
EartnientF— World of Law and Amateur
-have already attracted attention
promise to grow in interest. The
musical and stage news is more complete
than in f.ny other local paper, and the
miscellaneous matter is above the aver
age. Mrs. Bermingham's portrait appears
upon the title page.
Lecture by Dr. Fryer.
The one hundred and fifth Illustrated
lecture of the California Camera Club
lellvered by Dr. John Fryer at Met
roplitan Temple last evening. His sub
•.« as. "Life in China." which ha de
i in an interesting manner.
COMES IN ANSWER TO A CALL
REV. H. H. BELL Who Wi» Fill the Pulpit Left Vacant by the
Late Dr. M. M. Gibson.
lis the Rev. H. H. Bell the United Presbyterian Church has chosen a worthy
■UCeeMOr "to fill the pulpit made vacant by the death of its pastor. Dr. M. M.
C-i'nson. Dr. Bell arrival In this city yesterday and took up residence at 1548
Fulton street, and to-morrow he will preach his initial sermon.
Dr Bel! was' here during the month of December last year and delivered a
half dozen sermons. His efforts were appreciated by the congregation, and a
trer^ral request was made that he be called to minister to their spiritual welfare.
The~ doctor was engaged in evangelistic work In Illinois, but on being choßen
na^tor of the local church he Immediately started for this city.
The reverend gentleman is a graduate of Monmouth College. Having com
nleted a classical course there in 1886. he entered the Alleghany University of
pVmisvlvanla and took a complete course in theology, and on finishing in 1889 he
was a«=i*ned to Colorado Spring*, where he occupied the position of pastor for
five year* Since then he has been actively engaged in evangelistic work under
the direction of the United Presbyterian Synod of Illinois. His eloquence and
a-ctive campaign have earned him quite a xequtation in his calling, and this fact
led the United Presbyterian Church of this city to apply for his services, as it !s
thought ho will actively coattaua &• important work inaugurated by Dr. Gib-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY:, FEBKUABY 25. 1899.
Map Showing the Surf-Elwood and Yentura-
Santa Monica Gaps, Which the Southern
Paciflc May Shortly Close.
INSTRUCTORS
WHOSE WAGES
ARE REDUCED
Material Saving to the
Department.
RADICAL WORK OF DIRECTORS
ABOLISH MANY VICE PRINCI
PALS IN THE SCHOOLS.
The Work of the Committee on Sal
aries and Rules Is More Far-
Reaching Than at First
Supposed.
According to Superintendent of Schools
Webster the School Department will save
$700 a month as the result of the radical
action of the Directors at their meeting
on Thursday night. The saving will be
made in the salaries of principals and
vice principals. Many of the latter have
been abolished. The. reductions were
originally mapped out by the Committee
on Salaries and Rules, and the work of
this committee was then gone over by
the entire board in executive session.
The salaries of principals were fixed
upon the number of classes over which
they have control. Where there is more
than one vice principal In a school and
the position of one has been declared
abolished, it is expected that the one
first appointed, without regard to senior
Central Pacific's debt to the Govern
ment has been effected it is probable
that both the Surf-Elwood and Ven
tura-Santa Monica gaps -will be given
early and energetic attention.
From Ventura to Los Angeles by way
of Saugus is about eighty-one miles,
with a grade of 1 per cent between Ven
tura and Saugus and a steeper grade
to and beyond the San Fernando tun
nel. Between Ventura and Los Ange
les, by way of Santa Monica, the dis
tance is only seventy-one miles, with a
grade not to exceed 1 per cent at any
point. Recently Chief Engineer Hood
of the Southern Pacific ordered a sur
vey of the coast line between Ventura
and Santa Monica direct. It is esti
mated that the cost of construction will
be high, in the neighborhood of $50,000
a mile, owing to the rough and broken
character of the shore line. The actual
distance to be built will be about forty
five miles, though the distance between
Ventura and. Santa Monica is fifty
four miles. Existing spurs and branch
lines will be used as connecting points.
The town of Santa Monica, it is cal
culated, will be greatly benefited by
being placed on the main line, and as
the Southern Pacific is a large holder
of property there this additional mo
tive exists for the contemplated new
link.
ity in the department, will be retained.
Where a vice principalship is abolished,
the incumbent merely loses the additional
salary which attaches to such a position,
but does not lose his or her place in the
department. The action of the board af
fects the following teachers:
Agassiz Primary, Miss S. J. Jones, prin
cipal reduced from $150 to $135; Miss E.
Honlg»berger, vice principal, $100 position
abolished. Burnett Primary, \\ . W . Btone,
principal reduced from $150 to $135: Charles
W. Roby", vice principal, position aboll.-hcl.
Bernal Primary, Miss E. Keating, princi
pal, reduced from $130 to $125. Crocker
Grammar. Mrs. H. J. Bain, vice principal,
reduced from $125 to $100; Miss A. Hirtsel.
vice principal, position abolished. Cleve
land Primary, Miss Annie K. Slavin. prin
cipal reduced from $136 to $125. Penman
Grammar Mrs. E. M. Baumgartner, vice
principal, reduced from $125 to $I'#»- Doug
lass Primary. Miss W. L. Tarpey, princi
pal reduced from $130 to $125; no vice prin
cipal. Dudley Stone Primary, Miss Susie
H Earle principal, reduced from $130 to
$125. Edison Primary. Miss Annie B. Chai
mers. principal, reduced from $130 to $12.j.
Franklin Grammar. Miss Nellie Gallagher,
vice principal, reduced from $12.". to UM,
and Miss Kate McClaln s position abolished.
Fairmount Primary, Ml*» Rom Goldamlta,
principal reduced from $130 to $12">. i.mnt
Primary Miss Ida G. Shaw, principal, re
duced from $130 to $12f.. Golden Gate Pri
mary Miss H. M. Fairchild. principal, re
duced from $130 to $125. Hamilton Gram
mar. William A. Robertson, principal, re
duced from $200 to $175: Miss Ella J. Mor
ton and Ira R. Strauss, vice principal*;
Mr Strauss to be junior vice principal, re
duced from $125 to $IM>. Humboidt Primary,
Miss M A. Castlehun. principal, reduced
from $IM> to $135. Haight Primary, Mi.-s
Mary C Has well, principal, reduced from
$135 to $125; Miss L. A. <^rr, vice princi
pal $125; position abolished. Hawthorne
Primary S. J. Mann, principal, reduced
fr. m $135 to $125; Miss L. F. Simon, vice
principal $100; position abolished. Harri
son Primary. L. McElroy. principal, re
duced from $131 to $125. Irving Scott Pri
mary Miss Caroline B. Barkw. principal.
reduced from $130 to $12:: H M !'*uline
Hart, principal, reduced from fISO to $l->.
Lincoln Grammar. James T. Hamilton,
principal reduced from $200 to $li.->: Wil
liam A. "Leggett. vice principal, reduced
from $125 to SIM; vice principal. E. Kn->wl
ton position abolished. Le Coste Pr
Mrs A. Griffin, principal, reduced from $130
to $125. Lafayette Primary, Misd K. F.
Casey, principal, reduced from $130 to $12...
Mission Grammar, Miss N. Sullivan, vice
principal, reduced from $125 to $100; Miss
S E Kelly, vice principal, position abol
ished. Moulder Primary. K. E. Brogan,
principal reduced from $135 to $125. Pa< me
Heights Grammar. J. A. Michelson. vice
principal, reduced from $125 to $100. Pea
bod- Primary. Miss A. I >wyer. principal,
redu-ed frum $13:. to $125. Redding Pri
mary. Mrs. Mary A. Deane. principal, re
ducer from $135 to $125. Richmond Primary.
Mrs A. E. Tinman, principal, reduced
from $135 to $125. Starr King Primary,
Miss X Conkltn, principal, reduced from
$135 to $125. Sherman Primary J MA.
Hurley principal, reduced from $130 to $12.>.
Stanford Primary. Miss Edith H. Lyon.
Drincipal reduced from $130 to $125. Web
bier Primary. Miss Agnes Manning, princi
pal reduced from $160 to $150; Miss A. Ro
per, vice principal. $100, and B.A.Shaw. $U1;
one to be abolished.
Whittler Primary. Miss E. E St nceri.
Principal, reduced from $I*o to $150; Miss A.
F Sprague, vice principal. $100. and Miss
E \ Frontin, $94; one to be abolished. La
guna' Honda Primary. Mrs. M. L. O'Neal,
principal, reduced from $130 to $10". Mon
roe Primary. Miss Annie M. Hagarty. prin
cipal reduced from $120 to $115. Park Pri
mary Miss S. B. Jenkins, principal, re
duced' from $100 to $90. Sheridan Primary,
S. A. Miles, principal, raised from $120 to
$125
South End Primary, Miss I. E. Coles,
principal, raised from $110 to $llr> Sutro
Primary Miss M. Magner, principal, raised
from tab to $125. Wlnfteld Scqtt, Mrs. E. S.
Code, principal, reduced froiy. $110 ito $100.
Lincoln Evening School. Wj T. Plunkett.
vice principal, reduced from $8a to $.->o.
Washington Evening. Miss P. M. Nolan,
principal, reduced from $100 to B»; Miss A.
M Flala vice principal, reduced from $b'i to
$50 Business Evening. C. H. Fouikes, vice
principal reduced froTn $60 to $50. Hamilton
Evening T B W. Leland. principal, reduced
from $1W to $S5. Franklin Evening. Madi
son Babcock. principal, reduced from $120
to $:.". Richmond Evening. Mis? Margaret
M Magulre, principal, raised from $60 to $^.
Horace Mann Evening. D. "W. Kratzer,
principal, reduced from $1W to $80.
Lieutenant yon Schellfndorf. a German
colonist in Africa, believes that he has
succeeded in training the zebra.
Porous Pxasters
Why are Allcock's the best plasters?
Because they make the cures where all
others fail. Why do they make the cures ?
Because they contain the right materials.
Compare their fine aromatic odor with
the nasty smell of all other plasters.
Your sense of smell will tell you which
is the best. Did you know that Allcock's
have a greater sale than all the other kinds
put together? Did you know that all
makes and brands of so-called porous
plasters are in imitation of Allcock's?
But they imitate in appearance only.
Don't waste your money in buying the
false. Get ALLCOCK'S, the standard
plaster of the world.
DOUGHERTY IS
CAUGHT AFTER
A LONG CHASE
Alleged Defaulter In
Prison.
DECLARES HIS INNOCENCE
ACCUSED OF STEALING FIBE
MEN'S ASSOCIATION FUNDS.
Evaded Arrest for Many Days, but
Was Finally Found in Bed
at His Home by Two
Officers.
John Doug-herty. the alleged defaulting
treasurer of the Pacific Coast Firemen's
Association, was arrested last night by
Sergeant Donovan and Detective Cody, at
his home on Gilbert street. He offered no
resistance and was at once taken to the
City Prison, where he was formally
charged with felony embezzlement.
Dougherty is charged with appropriat
ing $17,000 of the funds of the association
while acting as its treasurer. Shortly af
ter the alleged theft was discovered the
president of the association visited police
headquarters and swore out a warrant for
the arrest of Dougherty, charging him
with felony embezzlement. Dougherty
was East at the time, but returned a few
weeks ago to learn that the police were
searching for him.
Armed with the warrant Detective Cody
visited his house, but was unable to find
the treasurer. By dint of inquiry Cody
learned that after returning- to this city,
Dougherty, fearing arrest, took refuge in
the hold of a ship, which was lying at the
foot of Third street. He remained in
hiding for four days and then struck out
for Baden. Cody located him at the lat
ter place, and started after him.
In some way Dougherty learned of the
detective's movements and went to San
Jose. Yesterday morning Cody learned
that Dougherty had gone to San Jose, and
he determined to arrest him. When the
detective reached the Garden City he was
surprised to find that the bird had flown.
Convinced that Dougherty was on his
way back to this city, Tody took the re
turn train, arriving here last night. Ac
companied by Sergeant Donovan he went
to Dougherty's house on Gilbert street.
Donovan covered the rear door so as to
prevent Dougherty from escaping, while
Cody entered the house from the front.
Dougherty was found in bed, and as the
deteciive approached him he angrily de
manded to know the object of his visit.
Cody, after reading the warrant to him.
ordered him to dress himself, which he
did He was then escorted to the City
Prison and locked up. His bonds have
been fixed at $20,000. '
Dougherty denies that he stole tne
funds of the association. He says that
before he went East he turned over his
books and. also the funds of the associa
tion to Financial Secretary Ward.
He expresses the belief that he will be
discharged at the conclusion of his exam
ination in the Police Court.
A NEW POUNDKEEPER.
J. W. Walton of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
Succeeds Osborn.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals has won its long and
stubborn fight for possession of the pub
lic pound. The Health and Police Com
mittee of the Supervisors, at its meeting
yesterday, appointed James W. Walton,
a member of the society, poundkeeper, to
succeed F. A. Osborn.
This is confidently expected to put an
end to the long series of scandals which
have attached to this public institution
since its management was taken . from
the society for political purposes.' Mr.
Walton's administration of the office is
expected to prove a capable one. For
some time the work of the men employed
by the retiring official has been such as
to bring odium to the office, and the first
work of the new lfcad of the department
will be to correct all this.
The committee reported against grant
ing permission to Dr. B. C. Atterbury to
open a hospital and dispensary for Chi
nese on Washington street. It was con
sidered a nuisance and a detriment to
adjacent property.
A Good Meeting Place.
You will find nearly every prominent business
man In the city at 12 o'clock at Zinkand's for
lunch. •
Struck by an Ambulance.
While Mrs. Mills, who lives at 311 Polk
street, and Mrs. Herring, wife of Police
Officer Herring, were crossing Market
street near the junction of McAllister
street yesterday afternoon Mrs. Mills was
struck and knocked down by one of the
city ambulances. Her companion stepped
back and was also struck down by a team
going the same way as the ambulance.
Both women were badly bruised ana cut,
Mrs. Herring being so badly injured about
the hips that she will be confined to her
bed for sevr-ral days. They were taken
into J. J. O'Brien's store and afterward
sent home in carriages. A peculiar thing
regarding the accident was thjs conduct
of the driver of the ambulance. Instead
of stopping to see how badly the women
were injured he whipped up his horses
and drove rapidly away. It is not known
which ambulance did the damage, but the
police are making a searching investiga
tion.
THEIR DOCTORS USE IT.
Relief Society of Chicago Endorses
Paine's Celery Compound,
The work of the average woman, mediate invigorating effect in such
whether she be' in charge of a house- cases is shown in the following letter
hold, %vhere the work Is always doing, from Mrs. Fan^e West, president of
; but never done, or behind a counter, or the South Side Relief Society of Chi-
in a schoolroom, is of a sort that rarely cago. The letter is dated December
leaves her with strength or inclination 12. 1893:
I for anything else. "We feel very glad to acknowledge
The strain upon most women's nerves the fine qualities of Paine's celery corn-
is so great that a breakdown stares pound. It is the best remedy we know
many of them constantly in the face, of for building up the nervous system,
which means loss of work, doctor's bills <~>ur doctors prescribe it, and it always
i and discouragement. I gives immediate relief."
One of the earliest and one of the j Back of nervousness, sleeplessness
most infallible indications of failing and many of the peculiar ailments of
| nervous strength is the inability to women is poverty of the blood. Pale-
i sleep soundly. ness, thinness of body and weakness
No fact is more clearly established are evidences of poor blood. In some
I than that sleep repairs the tired nerv- j cases palpitation of the heart* is com-
! ous tissues and that thp loss of sleep plained of, and when the poverty is
! deranges the health mere quickly and I greatest the lips are pallid and the
I more seriously than any other priva- | tongue almost colorless.
tion the body can suffer. The great In these cases of anaemia if Paine's
effort, then, of every poor sleeper should celery compound is used the gain from
Ibe to strengthen the nerves. The fact day to day is plainly noticeable. It 3
: that hundreds of men and women in tonic effect in renewing the blood and
every community have been cured of restoring the strength has been little
• insomnia by Paine's celery compound ; short of miraculous in cases of extreme
i tells its own story of the invigorating j emaciation and nervous prostration.
effect of this wonderful remedy, not | If a woman feels that she is losing
only upon the nerves, but upon the en- ground in weight and strength sh%
tire nervous system. should set about Increasing the blood
Physicians prescribe Paine's celery supply at once with the aid of Paine's
compound where the nerves have be- i celery compound.
come so exhausted that not only sleep j Oive this greatest of all remedies a
but digestion is interfered with. Its im» ' trial.
AMUSEMENTS.
Sffw
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS.
BLACK PATTI - - ERNEST HO6AN
AND 30 OTHER EBONY ECSTASIES.
NEXT MONDAY— Seats Now Ready.
NANCE O'NIEL.
Monday and Thursday "MAGDA"
Wednesday ■ INGOMAR"
Saturday Matinee "CAMILLE
Tuesday and Sunday "EAST LYNNE"
Friday "THE JEWESS"
Saturday Evening ' 'OLIVER TWIST"
COLUMBIAJTHEATER
■maifS «l If* EVERT EVENING—
"^pgLafU INCLUDING SUNDAY.
i lit Matinee To-Day.
■ m lit • WILSON BARRETT'S
GREAT DRAMA
CROSS
Presented by William Greet' London Com-
pany. including CHARLES DALTON.
MATINEE TO DAY, SAT., 25th.
Parquette. any seat*, 25 cts. Balcony, 10 cts.
Children, 10 cts. any part.
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE.
- In Selections From Popular Operas.
• ' MLLE. CRASKE. Premiere Danseuse.
BLOOM AND COOPER, Comedy Sketch Artists.
CONROY AND M 1 DONALD, Comedians.
LANG AND KEELER, SCHRODE BROS..
r P C. SHORTIS, CARTER DE HAVEN AND
BONNIE MAIE AND PROF. MAC ART'S
DOGS AND MONNEYS.
Next week— COßA TANNER an Btrrser8 t rrs er
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
EVERY NIGHT I W-¥^¥, a
Belasco and Fvle's National War Drama,
THE GIRL
I LEFT BEHIND ME
III?? isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ICrii. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and M«r.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
THIS EVENING AT 8. .
. . The Success of the Season.
'i ' The Fantastic Comic Opera.
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
MIRTH AND MELODY.
IN : PREPARATION.
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK,
i# I_flL BELLE HEL-ENE"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
'■' • Offenbach's choicest opera. >/„<■'■
Popular Price* .....: . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . .'. 23c and 50c
N. B.— A reserved neat for the matinee. 25c.
'-~L~***f; :*'■ ■ Oar Telephone. ■ Bush ••■
AMUSEMENTS.
TONIGHT!
KID McCOY'S
First Appearance in California.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
SATURDAY NIGHT AND
SUNDAY AFTERNOON
AND NIGHT.
During progress of the 24 hour cycle race.
All the champion cyclists are entered.
The World Famous McCOY
Will give three -settos on SATURDAY NIGHT
and on SUNDAY AFTERNOON AND EVEN-
ING. .
Two Star Attractions for One Admission.
Seats— Pavilion and Emporium.
ADMISSION SO CENTS
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
Grand Opening This Saturday Night
SUNDAY MATINEE and SUNDAY NIGHT.
The Noblest Roman of Them All,
JOHN L. SULLIVAN'S
BIG VAUDEVILLE COMBINATION-
-25 ARTISTS OF STERLING MERIT
And the Musical Burletta,
"A TRIP ACROSS THE OCEAN."
Presenting a Corps of Specialties.
POPULAR PRICES.
Seats Secured Box Office and Emporium.
SUNDAY. March s— The Sterling Legitimate
Artist, JANET WALDORF. .
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
■. ■ :
San Francisco Season of
GRAND OF»ER/\ 1
i The Sale of SEASON TICKETS for the Serie*
of Twelve Performances by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
Will open MONDAY, February 27, at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'s. Prices, $50. J4O, J°.O, $30,
according to location. BOXES for the season-
Seating four, $250; seating five. $300;
seating six, $350. Applications for boxes should
be made to Mr. Alfred Bouvter, care Sherman,
Clay & Co. Sale of seats for single perform-
ances begins Monday. March 6. Prices. $5. $4.
■ S3, $2. according to location. Orchestra floor,
1 dress circle and family circle will be reserved.
i Applications from out of town will be filed
!in order received. They must be accompanied
by a Postofflce or Express Money Order, pay-
able tJ Charles A. Ellis. . '
CONCERTS ANT) .RESORTS.
GREATEST NOVELTY Of THE AGE !
THE STEEPLECHASE!
At CENTRAL PARK.
THOUSANDS ARE RIDING DAILY
Open from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m.
Admission 10c. including horses.
Climb the Moving Stairs. Roll the Monster
Barrel.
| Lister, to the Military Promenade Concerts.
B4 C&le&uter'* EsxUifc Diamond Bran a. -
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 -■£k~~K ' Original and Only Geanbie. •• ▲ ,
>-«/TP,.^\ •««, » hr »T» reliable, ladies aak /TV
f-,i\ X tm Drawn At Chic/Utter* Xnglu* D.a-EKL
bmiietj/BJ&mimd Brand In Bed and Gold meuT.ta\\f7
jSi C>C*jboxM, scaled lrith blae ribbon. Take \Br
- "Pi *^ SSv-Jno other. Refute dangtrvu* ruUtir* V
1/ ~ lions and imitation*. At Dmggina, er mi i*.
IU JAr la stamp* for -partieoUn, teitifficaUli »ai
\V* B " Kellnf for Ladles," in Uatr. by rrtarm
-X If Mall. ■ 10.000 Tntimoo-sli. JTmm Papf.
r^— " TCU'iiMttr Ckemleal Co.. M»Jt»oa B«afr%
i fctabr all Local yrcg|lit«, ; PHTtAOA^ Vie
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Some changes in Cordage.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
. Oats In light supply.
Corn firmer.
Rye still dull.
Oat products advanced .
Bran and Middlings very strong.
Hay dull and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Poultry and Game doing better.
Butter weaker. Eggs firm.
Mexican Limes scarce and higher.
Honey in fair demand and firm.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool, Hides and Hops as before.
Beef easy, Mutton and Pork firm.
IMPORTS FROM THE ORIENT.
The City of Peking brought 44,915 mats of
Rico, mostly from Hongkong. There were over
4000 mats from Japan. She also had 417 bags
Java Coffee. 2000 bags White Sugar from Hong
kong 200 cases Nut Oil and 2800 rolls Matting.
The steamer brought one of the larges tcon-
Pignments of Raw Silk received at this port
in months. It consisted of 1635 bales, and Is
. valued at over $800,000. There was also $.9,190
in specie.
COPPER TRADE.
American and European production of Copper
for January and exports from the United States
' for the same month compare as follows:
Ameri- Euro- Ex
can, pean. ports.
■ ,cq S 17.744 5.656 11.030
Jill";;;;;.".";;;:: i 5,624 5,852 9,204
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 24. 5 p. m.
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hOUr?: Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.13 15. 52 24.97
Red Bluff 0.00 13.06 10.47
Saoramento 0.00 <.85 8.10
San Francisco 0.00 I.TI «.08
Fresno 0.00 3.74 8.40
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 7.20 4.76
L.-.S Angeles 0.01 2.92 4.13
• San Diego Trace 3.71 3. 1S
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68: minimum, 44 ; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over the
Pacific Slope except in Southwestern Califor
nia. Rain Is falling in the western portions
of Washington and Oregon, and snow in the
eastern portions. Snow has also fallen dur
ing the day over Utah, Idaho and Northern
Arizona.
The temperature haß generally fallen over
the Pacific Slope, the greater fall being in
Arizona. M
Conditions are favorably for partly cloudy
weather with brisk northwest winds in Cali
fornia Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 25:
Northern California— Fair except partly
cloudy along the northern coast Saturday;
brisk northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Saturday,
probably with light rain in the mountains early
Saturday morning; high northwest wind.
N'pvada— Cloudy with snow in the mountain*
Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy with snow Saturday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy with snow in the
mountains Saturday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
brisk northwest wind.
Report from Mount Tamalpais— Clear: wind
north, forty miles; temperature, 42; maximum,
temperature, 50. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Stock quotations to
day were decidedly irregular, and the move
ment was In some respects a counterpart of
yesterday. Prices opened favorably for the bulls
In a number of stocks, the industrials and the
specialties being prominent. Subsequently,
values moved alternately down and up. and
leaving net changes mixed with losses averag
ing a point in prominent railways, accompanied
by sensational advances among the specialties.
The dispatch from the American naval com
mander in the Far Bast requesting the pres
ence of a battleship for political reasons was
considered possible of an unfavorable Inter
. pretation, but the rout of a body of Filipinos
by the American army in a measure offset the
advices. London, after some firmness, was a
feller on balance. The International shares
were generally fractionally higher In the early
dealings, while the advance in Burlington, To- j
bacco and the steel stocks gave an early ap- j
pearance of strength. The smart . recoveries i
. from yesterday's close failed to hold in the |
ccse of the railways. Realizlngs In St. Paul on j
Its favorable showing for the third week in i
February left it below yesterday, and Burling
ton lost its early advance and declined further, !
ending with a loss of hi on the reported aban- |
donment of a general refunding plan. There
was considerable professional selling as well i
.as some realiztnzs and stop- orders were j
reached. Traders were induced to sell on the j
idea that there would be another substantial
decrease in the bank reserves to-morrow. The
market displayed feverlshness as the contend
ing interests succeeded in either lifting or de
pressing prices and then dealing contracted,
with a somewhat professional appearance to
the afternoon's trading. Tobacco made a max
imum rise of six points on th,e rumor that a
large operator was short and refused to cover |
and the circulation of stories as to the com- i
pany's earning power. Subsequently the price I
ran off and closed with a net gain of 1%. j
There were some very violent advances among i
• the local specialties, the extreme rise in the
case of Third Avenue being 14, Consolidated
Gas 12%, Brooklyn Union Gas 8% and 2 points
' in Metropolitan. The advance in the gas stocks
was on the expectation of securing the passage
of the law allowing .the convenient manufac
ture of gas In contiguous territory which would
permit the disposal of valuable new real estate.
' The rise in Third Avenue was said to be on
the discovery of an unsuspected short interest
existing. The highly favorable condition re- i
ported in the iron and steel Industries and In- |
timations ■ that the relations of the leading In- ;
terests would be closer led to an extreme ad
vance of 5% In American Steel, with which
Federal Steel sympathized to the extent of 3%.
. it» extreme rise. American Tin and New York
Air Brake rose 3 points at a Jump. Sugar was
. • Fomewhat weak at one time on the continuance
, of dividend rumors, and International Paper
chares receded on realizing following the decla
ration of dividends of 1% on the preferred and
I on the common. The selling of the active list
began with heavy realizing in Burlington and
Sugar.
The feature of to-day's bond trading was the
active inquiry for- San Antonio and Arkansas
Pass 43, which improved 4 points. The general I
market was very Irregular, weakness and i
strength developing in many Issues. Total i
■sales, $5,000,000.
Government bonds were unchanged In bid i
price.
Total sales of. stocks to-day were 891 100
chares. Including 16.720 Atchison; 54.820 do pre
ferred: 14.X60 Central Pacific: 68,220 Burlington
-2100 Denver and Rio Grande preferred; 11110
" Manhattan; S6lO Metropolitan; 32,720 Reading
.'•437o Missouri Pacific; 3650 M. K. and T. pre
■ t erred; 9630 Northern Pacific; 23,250 Ontario and
• Western: 14.820 Rock Island; 16.J20 Union Pa
cific: 10.250 do preferred: 39,920 St. Paul; 4850
Southern Pacific: 7660 Texas and Pacific- 3300
Paper: 69.120 Tobacco: 46.700 Steel: 9840 'steel
preferred; 4500 People's Gas; 22.600 Consolidated
Gas: 12.950 Brooklyn Transit; 6660 Pacific Mall
-42.950 Sugar: 11.070 Tennessee Coal and Iron-'
40,030 Leather preferred; 6279 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS. .
Atchison 23<*1 Do 2d prefrd 40%
Do preferred 64% St Louis & S W... 9%
Haiti & Ohio 72% Do preferred .'" 29
Can Pacific SO%|St Paul '"I3OH
Can Southern 59>i Do preferred "i6<i£
Central Pac -53% St P & Om '.'.'. 931?
Che? & Ohio 28 Do preferred 172
. Chi & Alton 171% So Pacific " 27«
Chi B& Q ....143%i50 Railway '.' 12%
Chi & E 111 67 | Do preferred.... «£
Do preferred 121 Texas & Pacific " 2-?u
Chi G W 16% Union Pacific..?::: 48
Chi Ind & L 9?4j Do preferred... Iqu.
Do preferred...... 43U I; P D & G. ' 12s!
Chi & N W 148 Vi Waha.-h ...... .."•: f&
Do preferred 191 ; Do 1 referred. " 22T4
CCC& St L 69% I Wheel & L E....7 n«
Do Preferred 98% Do preferred.... )33
£» f I w°" 1 1 £$L? xr ' resß Companies-
Del L & \\ 1601,4 Adams Ex 116
Den & Rio G 23 American Ex..... 140
• Do preferred 74',; United States . ' 65%
Erie (new) 14% \\ f . n F..r o ...... 125
Do Ist prefrd..... 39% Miscellaneous-,
Ft Wayne ISO a Cot Oil .... vm
Gt Nor prefrd 184% Do preferred.'."" 92$
Hocking Valley.... 6 Amer Spirits ... 1274
Illinois Central.. 116% Do preferred.. . 35«2
Lake Erie & .... IS Amer Tobacco ... isS4
Do preferred 6714 Do preferred 141
Lake Shore 200% l Cons Gas ...?.. 220%
Louis & Nash 66 Com Cable Co "iso
Manhattan 1 112% Col F & 1r0n..'.."' 34
Met St Rai1way.. .244% no preferred.... " 9o\i
Mich Central.. US Gen Electric ......113
Minn &St L... r,3' 2 Haw Com Co .. '" 72
Do Ist prefrd 99 Brooklyn R T 95
Mo Pacific 46% inter Paper .. "" 59
Mobile & Ohio 38- Do preferred...... M
■Mo X & T.... 14% Laclede Gas M
Do preferred 39% Lead 36ix
N J Central 110 Do preferred 112^
N V Central.... 13< l & Fed Steel C 0....... si«
M V Chi &St L,.. If 1 ! Do preferred SBV4
Do Ist prefrd..... 6u Nat Lin Oil 6
Do 2d prefrd .33 Pacific Mail 52%
Nor West 1 •••• » People's Gas .;.... 114%
No Amer C 0... —.. »% Pullman Pal ......160V?
No Pacific.......... 63 Silver Cer ......... 59%
Do preferred...... 79% Standard R & T.. 10%
Ontario & W....... 24% Sugar ...............134%
Or R & Nay....... - Do preferred.. ....ll4%
8r Short Line..... 45 TC & Iron 45$
Pe.c C Ist prefd... «3 US Leather... , 9%
Do 2d prefrd..... £5 Do preferred.....; 7l£
Pittsburg ..; 160 |U S Rubber.. 63%
Reading 22% i Do preferred 11-
Do Ist prefrd 64 ( Wesi Union •■•■'••• 9 *^
IR O W... 37 Or Nay prefrd 67
Do preferred...... 74 Pac Coast " — •••• 48%
! Rock Island 119 Colo Southern...... 7%
iSt Louis & S F.... 12% Do Ist prefrd 54%
! Do preferred...... 72% IDo 2d prefrd 21
CLOSING BONDS.
IL' S 3a 107 N V Central lsts..H7%
! U S new 4s reg....125% N J C 55.. ....... -.118
Do coup ........123',, North Carolina 65. 130
US 4s 112% Do 4s ; , 10
Do coup 113% No Pac lsts 11»
! Do 2ds 99 i Do 3s : ~ ; bSfc
i C S 6s reg 112%! Do 4s ............103
Do 6s coup 112 i* N V C & S L 46..107
District 3.65s IIS Nor &W 6s ...130
Ala class A 107 'Northwest consols.l 43
i Do B 107 Do deb 5s 122
Do C ........100 O Nay lsts 110
I Do Currency ...100 !O Nay 4s 102%
I Atchlson 4b 102 10 B Line 6s tr....125%
Do adj 4s ....;... S3?* O 8 Line 5s tr....11l
Can So 2ds 112 Reading 4s 89%
C & O 4%s - 96% R G W lsts... 94%
I Chicago Term 45.. 98 St L& I M Con 111%
i C & Ohio. 5s 118 iS L & S F Gen 65. 123%
C H & D 4%5.....104% St p Con 165
D & R G Ists .10?% St P C & P 15t5. ...121%
D&R G4s ..10SU Do 5s 121
East Term lsts.... 100%; So Ry 5s 105%
Erie Gen 46 73 . iStandard R & T Os. 88
F W & D lsts tr.. S4%|Tenn new set 35.. 96
Gen Klec 5s 114% Tex Pac L G 15t5. .113%
G H & S A 6s 109 I Do Res 2da 52
Do Ids 110 Union Pac 4b 104%
H & T C 53.......109 U P D & G lsts.. 88
Do con 66 110 Wabash Ist 5b — 115
lowa C 1et5 .....•..•.109 . Do 2ds .. 96%
La new consols 45. 103 ( W Shore 4s 112
L & N t'nl 4s 95% Va Centuries 85
Pac Con 6s 115 Do deferred 7
M X & T 2ds 68% {Vis Cent lsta .... 69%
Do 48 ...95 iTolo Southern 45.. 87%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— jWestlngh Elec 67%
Call loans !®3l Do preferred 63%
Time loans B@4;Wls Central -2
Stocks— Gen Elec prefrd. ..l37 •
Atch Top & St Fe. 22% ! Atchlson prefrd.... 64%
Amer Sugar ........134% Bonds— «;."
Do preferred 114% Gen Elec 5s 113%
Bay State Gas 3 ] Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 360 Allouez Mm C 0.... 10%
Boston & Albany. .247 Atlantic 40
Boston & Maine. ..l 73 Boston & Mont 366
Boston & L 88 Butte & Boston 89
Chi Bur & Q.. 143% Calumet & Hecla..B3O
Fitchburg ..11l Centennial 57
Gen Electric 112% Old Dominion 41%
Mexican Central... 6% Osceola 99
Old Colony 201 IQuincy 181
Or Short Line 44 I Tamarack 240
Rubber 53% j Wolverine 48
Union Pacific ..... 48 Parrott 57
West End 93 Humboldt .. 2%
Do preferred 11l 'Adventure 16
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 25 Ophlr 150
Con Cal & Va 190 Plymouth 18
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 40 ! Do preferred 500
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada 105
Homestake ........50 00 Standard 3 00]
Iron Silver SO Union Con 60
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket 27
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business here was small to-day, owing to the
heavy settlement. The tone was good in the
early hours, but was depressed later by a ru
mor of the death of the Ameer of Afghanistan,
■which affected consols and Indian issues,
although it was much doubted.
Americans opened off, then rallied slightly
above parity and maintained a firm tone on
professional and Continental buying until New
York prices became weak, whereupon the mar
ket became rather wild, went flat and closed
at only fractional recovery. Three hard spots
were Central Pacific Baltimore and Ohio and
Ontario and Western. There were dealings in
Central Pacific 4s at 105%; in the 3%s at 91%; j
In Southern Pacific 4s at 89, and in Southern
Pacific shares at 35%.
Coppers were flabby. Tintos were 40; Utahs
9%, Anacondas 9% and 8"i. and Bostons 2%.
,",•■ CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. 24.— Canadian Pacific, 93%;
Northern Pacific erred, 82; Union Pacific
preferred, 83; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar silver,
quiet, 27% d per ounce; money, 2% per cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
I Wednesday being a holiday, not only broke
the Stock Exchange week, but established a
difference in tone between its earlier and lat
ter ' portions.
Monday and Tuesday were in the main de
voted to further exhibitions of the speculative
temper of the street and to the bullish mani
pulation which had led to renewed public in
terest. It 19 to be remembered, however, that
while the standard stocks were strong, the ac- .
tivity in them seemed to decrease and atten- I
tion was to a larere extent turned to special- !
ties and neglected parts of the share list. At
the same time the further advance in the past ',
two weeks had resulted in the usual accumu- I
lation of long stocks In weak and timid hands, j
and when the market reopened on Thursday It j
found traders were disposed to attack values, i
while the material for llqudatlon was abund- |
! ant.
I The fact that the Burlington refunding plan, |
| a belief which was adhered to by a consider- j
I able number of operators in the face of all |
I denials, proved to be. a far less comprehensive j
I plan than had been predicted, also tended to j
I unsettle the market and bring out offerings of i
! grangers and other high-priced stocks. Conse- j
I quently when the room traders raided the ;
| market on Thursday afternoon prices showed i
a readiness to yield, and the fact developed that |
I a considerable number of stop-orders were un
| earthed in Friday's market. Irregularity was
! prevalent, the standard stocks selling off,
1 while manipulative strength In the Industrials.
particularly the lower ones, was the principal
sustaining factor. There has been a large
amount of activity on the part of commission
houses, the disposition to buy stocks extending
to specialties and ■ low-priced securities, with
less of a regard for Investment values and
| more inclination to follow manipulation or to
j accept rumors at their face value than the !
1 market has exhibited for some time past. There j
j was irregularity in the advances and a cor
i responding irregularity In the subsequent de- j
■ clines. At no time In the week was the move- \
I ment of prices uniform, which alone would '■
i tend to indicate that professional Influences i
| were more or less supreme. ._ •; .*'. '
London has shown an Increased tendency to j
| follow the course of our markets, and es- I
i pecially In the latter part of the week was a j
' moderate purchaser, though this was In part
! at least ascribed to orders from this side.
| The slight hardening of money < which made
i Its appearance In the last two days has not
passed unnoticed and perhaps aided ' In caus
! ing more conservative views to become preva-
J lent, while it must also.be noted that the ac
j tivity of the iron and steel markets and the
generally cheerful nature of reports regard-
Ing those industries are looked on as argu
ments of some force for the continuance of
i bullishness on the Industrials.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— R. G. Dun's weekly
review of trade will say to-morrow:
The situation Is without precedent. Busi
ness has never been better on the whole, and
I in some great Industries the gain Is astonish
ing. Exports surpass last year's as much as
' imports, though the excess over Imports , then
i was heavy. Failures are smaller than last
; year and smaller than in either of six years
| past. Stocks are stronger, the average for the
j active railway securities being a- little higher
and for trusts much more, owing to ■ the i ex
traordinary advance of $48 75 in Tobacco. Pay
ments through exchanges show a greater vol
ume of business than ever before at this sea
son, and nearly one-half larger than in the
best of previous years. The outgo -of bread
stuffs and cotton continues heavy. But there
are some who fear that such prosperity can
i not last.
Popular Impressions have to be reckoned with
because they control events. Yet at every
j point of danger except one the signs . are in
i every respect favorable. The upward rush •of
! 16.6 per cent in the prices of plgiron since
| January 1, and 17.6 per cent In prices of iron
and steel products, does indeed raise ■ a ques
tion whether exports of such products may not
be temporarily checked, but if they could be
entirely stopped, as they are not, the balance
due this country would still be . large. The
crush of demand for finished products, at a
time when nearly all the works are crowded
orders covering production until July 1 or
later, causes many to refuse to contract be
yond that date except at higher : prices, and
a rise under such circumstances | may prove
the one thing needful to sober buyers and ', to
bring into : the list of producers other estab
lishments heretofore idle. While a fairly large
capacity of production is still In reserve, the
demand now pressing for cars, vessels, bridges,
buildings and pipes Is . partly to anticipate an
expected rise in price*. The best sign Is that
the • great • producers ; appear to be anxious to
maintain their : hold on foreign markets, al
though just now unable to take orders for
future, delivery. - -
It Is a sign of similar Import that the boot
and shoe manufacturers, .Just at this time,
seek better markets by ' a somewhat general
reduction of 2% cents In prices, although
leather averages slightly higher. The ship-
I ment* from the East have been smaller than
in four of the past six years In quantity, and
only 16,766 cases larger than in 1892, and hav
ing gained nothing during all these years In
proportion to .population, the Eastern manu-
f acturer naturally seeks that business. The
increase In prices of grain leather has not
hindered much, while a : few large sales of
hemlock sole are not necessarily at quoted
prices •<* A great many factories have been out
of work and sales at a reduction do not cover
all grades of goods. ;
■ Nobody can Judge ..what . the clothiers may
buy as yet, and the woolen manufacturers have
a very uncertain market ahead,, but Judge that
there will be a heavy demand for goods before
long and many of. the smaller mills are look
■ Ing for chances In the • wool markets. Little
weakness Is there seen, except for fleece, and
In' quarter and -three-eighths blood 'and comb
ing wool prices are ,' generally strong, with
scarcity of supply, but sales for three, weeks
have been - 18.050,200 pounds, against 34.763,500
two years ago, with . free * wool, and > 17,006,200
pounds in 1892. The demand for cotton goods
increases : although there ;.> is ' some " hesitation
regarding the price of the material. ;. The- ur
gent demand for roods of all qualities,. stiffen
ing the price* of ; staples as well =as of fancy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
goods, gives the : highest' confidence to deal
"wheat has gained onlylfce in price, although
Atlantic exports (flour included) have ;, 4 been
2,567,364 bushels, against 2,080.417 last year, and.
including other exports, 3,279,735 bushels,
against 3,656.793 last year. 1 The exports have
been so : heavy that ' many : doubt -. their ■ con
tinuance, and yet grain comes from- the farms
and then goes abroad as If such -, doubt .had
no basis. The Western receipts during the past
three weeks have been 9,376,473 bushels, against
7,835,426 last year.
Failures for the week have been 191 in the
United States, against 233 last year, and forty
in Canada, against thirty last year.
BRADSTREETS ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Iron and steel and cotton goods
have shared -in public Interest . this week be
cause of urgency In demand ■ and consequent
buoyancy in prices. .In .' the former Industry
the striking feature has . been the continued
call for supplies alike of raw and of manufac
tured material, not only on domestic, but even
of foreign account, and it Is as yet too early
to ascertain . the effect of the numerous and
heavy advances announced during the week.
It is, of course, ■ to be • remembered : that iron
and steel are in active demand at advancing
prices the wOHd over, and it is encouraging to
find that export buyers of plgiron are follow
ing up their demands, notwithstanding recent
advances in this line. It is beginning ' to be
questioned, however, whether this country can
hold its export trade in some products if pres
ent ©rice tendencies continue. A notable ex
ample of this Is furnished in steel rails, which
are now up to a parity • with ■ quotations in
other countries, and some business Is said to
have cone abroad because of this. Iron and
steel prices as a whole are from 15 to 20 per
cent higher than they were at this time a year
ago, and considering the cost of production and
output it is asserted that profits are but lit
tle below those of 1890.
In cotton goods, as in iron and steel, and a
number of other products, , active export de
mand seems to have been ; at the bottom of
the unquestionable improvement which has
occurred in the last I three months. The last
week has witnessed especially marked strength,
print cloths, ginghams and gray cottons all
sharing In the price advances. The : export
trade in cotton goods is the largest ever known
for the period since January 1, being more than
double the value of exports a year ago. Cotton
Itself is rather easier and slightly lower on
the week, the result partly of a slightly in
creased movement at the South. Cereal prod
ucts remain steady and .but little changed In
price, partly because of the near approach of
the crop-scare season and ajso because of lib
eral export calls. Notwithstanding heavily in
creased - receipts and continued cutting of '• re
fined sugar by the warring , refiners, . raw
sugar Is slightly ' higher, on the week, appar
ently on the growing appreciation of Improved
statistical- conditions. . : ■
Lumber is reported quiet at some markets as
1 a result of the late stormy weather, but all
markets report prices unchanged except where
quotations have been still further advanced.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,844,359 bushels, against 2,454,
--771 bushels last week; 3,722,469 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1898, 1,372,215 bushels in
1597, 2.206.773 bushels in 1896 and 2,639,038 bush
i els in 1895. Since July 1 this season the ex
ports of wheat aggregate 162,897,349 bushels,
against 161,204,750 bushels last year.
Business failures for the ■ week | number 220,
a gain of 60 over last week,' and compared
with 133 In this week a year ago, 258 in 1897,
271 in 1896 and 234 in 1895.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 39, against 20 last week,
45 in this week a year ago, 50 in 1897, 61 in 1896
and 44 in 1895. '-,-:•;-.'■.;
' BANK CLEARINGS.
• NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
February 24. with . the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week last year:
• Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1. 102. 935, 48.1
Boston 123.870.042 31. 0
Chicago .. 106,316.733 20.0 ....
Philadelphia 72.847.594 10.3
St. Louis 27, .'89.336 7.9 ....
Pittsburg 39,693.160 .88.1
Baltimore 33,525.383 129.5
San Francisco 12,008.494 .... 23.7
Cincinnati 11.073.800 3.6 ....
Kansas City ........ 8,585,656 .... 11.5
New Orleans 7.152,652 25.2
Minneapolis 6.068.675 5.7
Detroit 6.450.926 - J4.1 • ....
Cleveland 8.497.158 46.7
Louisville 7.059,232- .... ....
Providence 5.553,100 11.6 ....
Milwaukee 4.593,007 6.2
St. Paul 3,427,767 10.4
Buffalo 3,992,901 7.3
Omaha 6.241,361 9.7
Indianapolis 3.988.149 6.3 ....
Columbus, 0 3,098,900 .... ....
Savannah 2,136,818 .... 6.6
Denver 2.344.000 .... 7.4
Hartford 2.339,838 28. « ....
Richmond 2.655.671 . 7.5 ....
Memphis 1,709,303 .... 25.0
Washington 1,794.108 8.6 .....
Peoria f 1,625,912 11.3
Rochester 1,639. 22.8
New 1 Haven 1.402,226 1.8
Worcester 1.463.173 24.7 ....
Atlanta 1.335.905 .... ....
Salt Lake City 1.706.480 35.1
Springfield, Mass... 1,655,774 25.4 • ....
Fort Worth 1.395.356 .... 23.0
Portland. Me 1. 256.457 .... ....
Portland, Or 1.325,332 .... ....
St. Joseph" 2.006.K40 69.3 ....
Los Angeles 1.419.998 4.4
Norfolk 988,466 20.7 ....
Syracuse 911.587 .... 17.5
Dcs Moines 1,071,022 11.9 ....
Nashville 955,952 .... 9.8
Wilmington. Del... 679.206 3.6 ....
Fall River 1,092,832 28.1
Scrantnn 932.495 11.4 ....
Grand Rapids . 820,369 10.9 ....
Augusta, Ga «9,829 .... 25.0
Lowell 6*4,941 11.0
Dayton, 0 642,385 1.1 ....
Seattle 1.047. 2«1 .... 21.6
Tacoma •••• 707,183 .... 6.6
Spokane ...: 904.686 36.3 ....
Sioux City 829.009 21.5 ....
New Bedford. 347,865 .... 41.5
Knoxvllle. Term.... 674.600 16.2
Topeka V... ..:... "557.083 12.4 ...
Birmingham 526.520 21.4
Wichita ............ 442,474 2.0
Binghamton 344.200 21.5 ....
Lincoln 270.872 6.0 ....
Lexington. Ky...... 291.54S .... 23.0
Jacksonville, Fla.. 188.974 .... 12.1
Kalamazoo 259.578 87.8 ....
Akron 337.200
Chattanooga 272.370 .... ....
Rockford, 111 254,071 6.2 .-••
Canton. O . 1P2.300 9.7
Springfield, O. 320,734 26.4
Fargo N. D 180,070 26.5 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 107.474 2.8 ....
Hastings, Neb .... 90.377 .... 10.8
Fremont, Neb .... 117,691 24.4 ....
Davenport • 471, u81 .... 19.3
Toledo 1.654.409 19.8 ....
•Galveston 4.775.400 .... 14.1
•Houston ........... 4,74.1.542 .... 12.6
Youngstown ....... 233.154 .... 10-0
••Evansvllle 689.937
••Little Rock 270.a20 •
Helena ............. 576,533 .... • —
Totals »1.656,010,613 37.7
New Y0rk........ 553.075,120 21.0 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA. , . \~
Montreal ♦ ".772.311 8.8 ......
Toronto 9,652,944 24.7 ....
wYn O n n «p°g ■-:.■ }.«£«• »* ' T6
Halifax I> 2l!'SS «*« I<B
Hamilton 675,907 14.0
St.. John, N. B 675JU2 U.i ■< ""
••Vancouver 63 i !;I2 — '*"
••Victoria ..» 600.215 . .... ••••
Totals .....I .31,116,912 13.0 - ' ....
•Not included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings because of > com
••Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. . :, • ■•
NEW YORK. GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,519 bushels ; exports, 26,432. Again dull and
steadily held.
WHEAT — Receipts, 81,600 bushels; exports,
266,118; spot firm. No. 2 red, 85% c, f. .o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options had an easy open
ing and most of the day were thoroughly fea
tureless, although fairly steady on foreign buy
ing and export rumors. •' In the afternoon bears
hammered , prices off until caught by a late
rise in corn and disturbing Manila news, when
hasty covering' ensued, the .-market closing
strong at %c to Hie , net - advance. March,
83%(&54%c. closed 84% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm. :
WOOL— Firm. i*.
METALS— It was a day of small things: In
the local market, with the exception of lead,
which cased off 2% to 5 points. The final quo
tations were positively. unchanged. News from
abroad and the West practically ;as had been
anticipated: buyers in view of heavy purchases
were slow to take hold, and sellers were Indif
ferent and disposed to hold out for another
upward movement. At the close the Metal Ex
change called: '
PlGlßON— Warrants, unchanged, at $9 25.
LAKE Unchanged, at $17 75 bid
and $18 asked. >-■ .r, .
TlN— Firm, at $24 75.
LEAD— with $4 85 bid and $4 40 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, at $6 60.
' The ; brokers' »rice for lead •is $4 20, and for
copper $18. : ', - . - ' •'■ "' ■= '"'^ : . : • '
COFFEE -Options closed steady, ; unchanged
to 6 points lower. Sales. -81,250 bags, includ
ing- March, $5 25; May. $5 46: June, $5 60; Au
gust, $5 65; September. .$5 70@5 75; .. October,
$5 75@5 SO. " -
Spot coffee— dull; No. .7- invoice. 6%c:
No. 7 Jobbing, • 6%c; mild,: quiet; Cordova, 8
@14c. " J ' " '. ' - 7 - , '
' SUGAR— ■ strong; fair refining, S%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c;' . molasses - sugar,
3 11-16 c. Refined, firm. ; 1 ■ - * r
BUTTER — Receipts, 2400 - packages; firm.
Western creamery, '16@22c; Elgins, 22c; factory,
12@14C. • ■ '.- -■ . ,-' ■ - '>--■ "-''-'■■■ i ■■■--> •■->.;• .'■
■ Receipts, . 4082 packages: strong and
higher. Western, 85c; Southern, 34@35c
• CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. : The; general' 1 surround-:
ings ,- of -.the . wheat « market were \ unchanged
at the commencement. Cables were lifeless, the
weather was not' a' disturbing factor and Ar
gentine shipments fto •■ Europe >■ for s the > week
were about anticipated. -, Under those • circum
stances May wheat opened * a shade ' lower at
from 73c to 73%@73%c,' and. for an -hour or so
gave very little indication of getting far from
, those figures. The drought- was reported
broken in - California and the i bears : took an
inning on that Information. After backing
and filling between 72% c and 73% c for May until
tha last i hour of the session the market be
came weak • and looked f for a while as if it
was going to break up in little pieces when ru
mors . of considerable export i business having
been done commenced to be circulated. Soon it
became known that 600,000 bushels of wheat
held; In New York by a Chicago firm had been
sold for export and that 200,000 bushels of Kan
sas wheat had been disposed of to be shipped
by way of gulf ports. New York wired also
that late London cables bid 6d more for wheat
than the price at which they accepted offer
ings f yesterday. That changed the whole com
plexion of the market, and from being list
less and inclined to go lower it became very
strong and quite active. May • mounted in a
few minutes from 72% cto 73% c. and before the
end it brought 73% c, with the latest trading at
73%@73%c. .
Lack of outside -' speculation, free country
offerings and liberal receipts depressed corn
I early. The sudden ' upward whirl in wheat,
I however, ■ caused a sharp rally in corn, and
1 May closed with a gain of %c.
Oats were Influenced almost entirely by wheat
and corn. May rose %c.
There was a fair provision . trade, with pork,
rather easy on commission house selling. Pork
closed 5c lower, lard unchanged, and ribs a
shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May.... 73% 73% 72% 73%
July 71% 71% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 36% 36% 35% 36%
July ......; 36% 36% 36% 36%
September 37% 37% 86% 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 28 27% 28
July 25% 26 25% 26
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9 62% 8 97% 9 67% 960 ■
July.. 9 77%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May ...545 47% 6 42% .5 46
July 5 52% 560 665 5 59%
September ...5 70 5.70 6 67% 570
. Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ...4 86 4 87% 485 ,4 86
July .................4 97% 600 4 97% 4 97%
September 510 6 12% 510 510
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, moderate demand and steady; No. 2
spring wheat, 68@71%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 63
@70c; No. 2 red, 72%@73%c; No. 2 corn, 34%@
34% c: No. 2 oats, 27% c; No. 2"white, 30©31 c;
No. 3 white, 29%@30c; No. 2 rye, 65%@56c; No.
2 barley, 42@52c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 15%: prime
timothy seed. $2 47%; mess pork, per barrel,
$9 45@9 50; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 30®5 32%:
short ribs sides (loose), $4 6504 75; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 4%@4%c;' short clear aides
(boxed),. $4 90<g5; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, $5 70;
granulated. $5 20. ' .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels. 19.000 10.000
Wheat, bushels : 79.000 , 38.000
Corn, bushel 473.000 265.000
Oats, bushels 273.000 195.000
Rye, bushels 11,000 'T^
Barley, bushels ............ 32.000 14.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull and easy. Creameries. 14®-lc;
Dairies, 11%@17c. Eggs, weak and lower; fresh,
30@35c. Cheese, firm; Creameries, 9%®11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 185.250 43.320
Duluth ...260,0<0 14.0.1
MUwaukee- ! ESS 2 100
Chicago 79,250 37.538
Toledo . " 11 400 27.000
st Louis:?:::.: 17.000 54.000
Detroit ....'...... 5,552
Kansas City 53,000 58.000
Totals 638,122 236,529
Bo^on™^. 17,271 73.151
New York.... 81,600 256.11S
Philadelphia • 697 17,877
Baltimore 14,207
New Orleans
Galveston 28.420 66.571
Totals 142,095 413,717
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 8 5 8% 6 7%
Closing 5 7% 6 8 6 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— — Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 44 70 45 00
Closing 44 60 44 90 !
Wheat— 'ft/
Opening 22 45 2135
Closing j 22 30 2130
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
' CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— The demand for cattle
to-day was . slow j and prices showed no • Im
provement. Fancy cattle, ■-. $5 75©5 85; choice
steers, $5 Ss@s 70; mediums. $4 66if?4 95; beef
steers, $3 *><"i!i?4 60; cows and heifers. $3 30#4;
bulls, $2 7534; Western fed steers, $4 10(5-5 65;
Texas steers. $3 50@4 96; calves, $S 60@7 25.
■Hogs ruled 6<g)loc higher. Fair to choice.
$3 75«g'3 90; packing lots, $3 55@3 72%; , mixed,
$3 60@3 80; butchers', $3 60@3 85; light, $3 56®
3 90; pigs, $3 15@3 60. '
Sheep were steady and lambs were about 10c
decline for ' choice. Inferior to ; prime sheep,
$2 65@4 60; yearlings, 1 $4 25<@>4 65; poor to choice
lambs. $3 25@4 76.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 17,000; sheep,
6000.' ; . ■ . '
, PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 24.— Clearances. $187.
--722; balances, 25,659.
. NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 24.— The foreign
cables, both public and private brought very
little encouragement to-day, but buyers who
apparently had . to have wheat bid up 'to 60c
for Walla Walla, and some extra heavy wheat
for milling purposes sold 'at 61c. - Even these
prices failed to dislodge enough wheat to set
prices . back to an export basis. Valley has
no percentage over Walla Walla at the present
time, and 60c ' was the best quotation obtain
able, with blue -stem nominally 61c and 62c.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 134,780 bushels.
/-' ,' WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, ■. Wash., Feb. WHEAT— CIub,
68c; blue stem, 61®62c. '.';«;■?.'•' • k -
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, F^j. 24.— Consols,' 111 7-16; silver,
27% d; French r«,ites, 102 96c; wheat cargoes off.
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, buy
ers and sellers apart: No. 1 Standard Califor
nia, 2Ss 9d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 24.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— 3 11-32 d.
WHEAT— firm; No. 1 ' red Northern
spring, 6s l%d. i
. CORN— Spot, steady. Futures quiet. Febru
ary, 3s 6%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
■ - .- ■ t ■■
EXCHANGE AND; BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ... — 84 85%
Stirling Exchange, sight — 4 S7Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 $8
New York Exchange, sight. — 17%
New. York Exchange, telegraphio — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce ...'—_ 69%
Mexican . Dollars — — 47%@48
, WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Th« dry weather » gives ' futures a
firmer tone and they are higher. The spot
market remains - unchanged and - dull. . ;
" Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 12%@1 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls,
$1 16%; 2000, $116%; December— 6ooo. $119%;
2000, $1 19%; 14.000, $1 19%; 8000,; $1 19.
Second December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 19.
Regular Morning December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 19%; 16,000, $1 19%; 12,000, $1 19%; May—
$1 16%; 10,000, ■»1 10%; 4000, .$1 IS\.
Afternoon " Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
$1 19%; 14,000. 19%; 8000, ■ \\ 19%; ' 6000, ; $120;
May— 4ooo, $1 17%; . "
BARLEY— Futures recovered sharply, the in
dications of rain having passed away, and the
spot ' market was also steadier for the '■ same
reason.
Feed, $1 25@1 27%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls, $1 02%; 8000. $1 03; 4000, $1 03%; 6000,
SI 03%. —
■ Second Session— Seller '99, new— l2,ooo ctls,
$103%; 12,000, $103; 6000, $1 02%; 2000, $102%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— ' '99, ;■ new— ctls,
$1 04; 4000, $1 03%. :
OATS— Continue firm under light stocks, but
the demand is nothing- extra. »
Fancy ■ Feed, $1 35@1 37% per - ctl ; rood to
choice, $1 82% ; common,' $1 30; Surprise, $1 42%@
60; Gray, $1 80@l 32%; Milling, - $136 per ctl;
Bed, $1 45@1 66; Black, $1 60@l 55. > : ;
■"■ CORN— round Yellow *is higher. The
other descriptions are steady.
-: Small - round Yellow. $1 25; -•• , Eastern large
Yellow. $1 10@l 12%; White. $1 10; mixed. $1 07%
@1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 12%®1 16 per ctl. , I
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. , f
. . FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
Oat products have again advanced. No
other changes.
FLOUR— California- family extras, $4®4 15;
bakers' extras. $8 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton, $3@3 65 per bbl. ' -•
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows,' usual • discount to >; the , trade: ? Graham
Flour,' $3 25 per 100 ; pounds; - Rye Flour, , $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornraeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, *$4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, <$3 25@3 60; ; Buck
wheat ■■ Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked : Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 35@6 75; in sacks, $6 1506 65;
Pearl Barley, $5; I Split Peas, $4 25 ; Green Peas,
$4 60 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and 'Middlings are :' in light ] supply and
very firm. Hay ■ continues '.dull and , unchanged.
Dry weather seems to have no effect : whatever
upon it. ' . . :
BRAN— SI 9 60020 per ton. "■ .
MIDDLINGS— 2IS*22 50 per : ton. ■;•
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled , Barley, * $26027 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill.' 1 $31@31 50; lob
bing. $32032 50; Cocoanut: Cake, $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton : • Cornmeal. $23 50
024 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed.
$19 50020.- •■-: ' ' : ■ ~
CALIFORNIA HAT — Wheat. $16017 60 for
good to choice and $13 50015 50 for lower grades:
no fancy coming in; Wheat 'and Oat, $13 500
16 50; Oat. $12 60014 50; Island Barley. $13014;
Alfalfa. $11012; Stock. $10: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12 50®13 50; Cheat.
$11@12; Grass Hay. $10: >• Oat. «. $12013; Clover.
$10@ll; Timothy. $10 50012 per ton. :
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND ' SEEDS. -\
Beans are steadily, held at the quotations.
Alfalfa Seed is dull.
' BEANS— Bayos. $1 6001 80; Small Whites,
$2 10@2 20; Large Whites, ;$1 65@1 75; Pinks.
$1 90@2: - Reds. $3 2503 50: -.. Blackeye. $3 750
3 90; Butters. $2 2502 50; Limas. $3 2503 35; Pea,
$2 3.'.@2 50; Red Kidneys. $2 4002 50 per ctl. .-,. -■- ..
SEEDS— Brown Mustard.' $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 7504; ■ Flax,' $2 15@2 25; Ca
nary Seed. 2V4@2%c per lt>; Alfalfa, B@SHc;
Rape. 2 1 4@2\c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 6©o^o.
DRIED PEAS— ; $16501,70; ; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions 1 stand about the same.
Asparagus kept up under moderate receipts.
Rhubarb was lower. i. : ■ - _.
Hothouse Cucumbers .from San Jose,' $1 50®.:
?OTATOES— 75c@$l 05 per ctl for Early Rose,
90c®$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marln Burbanks, 90c@$l 10 per ctl: Oregon. ;
85c@$l 25; Sweet Potatoes. 75c for River ana
$1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, lk@2&e per
ONIONS— BOcOSI 25 per ctl, outside quotation
"■VEGETABLES— Asparagus. B@loc per . for
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, B@loo per Ib for
No. 2. 11@12%c for No. 1 and 14c for fancy;
Rhubarb. SOIOC per. tb; 'Peas- @' c •
String Beans, -©-; Cabbage, 40© 50 c; Toma
toes, $1 2502 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant,
_@_L per It.; Garlic, 6©7 c per Ib; Dried Okra
15c per Ib: Green Peppers, — @— per Ib; Dried
Peppers, 7@l2}4e; Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There will be no more Eastern on ■ the mar
ket until Monday. Local ; Poultry is cleaned
up and higher.
Game is rather firmer. -.-a,,, ii ...
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, I0@14c: live
Turkeys. tl@l3c for Gobblers and ll@l3c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $15001 75; Goslings. $2 25
02 50 Ducks, $4 60®6: Hens, $5 5006 50; young
Roosters. $7<87 50; old Roosters, $5@6; Fryers.
KG 6 50; Broilers, $505 50 for large, $3 60@4 50
for -small: Pigeons, $1 6001 75 per dozen for
Ol G. a MEi 2 Quaii %%'. Salla*. $3; Canvasback.
I'®4- Sprig. $15002; Teal. $1 50@2; Widgeon. ;
$I@l 25; Small Duck. $1; English Snipe. $2 50®
?■ lack Snipe, $101 25;: Gray Geese, $1 50;
White Geese 50@75c; Brant. $I@l SO: Honkers.
$2 M«? 3 :; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 for small. \ ' *•"
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to weaken and the top quo
tation Is now extreme. . Cheese Is unchanged.
Eggs still rule firm and some fine ranch sold
up to ISc. The demand for shipment keeps the
market well cleaned up."
Creamery— Fancy creameries. 25@26c; seconds,
2-4 c : '
Dairy— to fancy, 21@23c; common
Sr p?c e kied 7<8 Goods-Flrkin. 16017 c; pickled roll,
14016 c for dairy and 16@17c for creamery
souares: creamery tub, 19c. '.*,',' J,,,
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. -- 13%@14c per
Ib; Elgin, nominal. •'■ „„,„ .  '.
CHEESE- Choice mild new. ll@ll%c; old. 10
@10V4c; Cream Cheddar.. 12012V4c; Young Amer
ica. ll%<gl2Hc: Eastern. 10@12c.
EGGS— Quoted at lo(§17c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Limes have gone up again and are very
scarce. Oranges are in fair demand.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples— soo7sc for common, $I@l 50 per box
for No. 1 and $1 75 for choice. "-„-«'«
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60f?2 75
per box; Seedlings. 75c®$l 50; Mandarins, $1 Z'<
(fil 75: Lemons. 75cfJ$l 50 for common and i.n
560 for good to choice; ■ Mexican Limes, $9;
California Limes, (3— per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 50@2; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There is nothing new. 1 except that Honey is
steadier, with a fair, demand."
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50" 4Vi
@4?ic for 50-60 f s, 3%@3}4c for 60 705,2 > 4 «'3c lor
70-80's 2H@2^ic for 80-90" s. 2<?j2V«c for 90-100"s
and l%#2c for 100-110' Silver Prunes, 2V4ft
6c; Peaches. 7H@BHc for good to choice, 9®9'ic
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 10H@
13V4c for Royals and 14% c for Moorpai-Ka; Evap
orated Apples, 7@Bc; sun dried. iflßfec; Black
Figs sacks, 2®2Vsc: Plums, nominal. l@lVic for
unpltted; Pears, nominal. _
RAISIN'S— C^c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crewn s?ic for four-crown. 4»£@6c for Seed
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried. Grapes. 2^@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts. 7@Bc
for hardshell. 9@loc for softshell: Almonds,
7©Sc for hardshell. 13@14c for softshell, ,15® 16c
for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and
4U,«oc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10011c -for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted, 7c; light
amber extracted, 606V»c; dark, 5©5% c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb. :"■: _
PROVISIONS. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, . Soß%c per Ib ' for
heavy, B'/4@9c for light medium, 10%©llc for
light, 12c for extra light and 12%013c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12012 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family Beef. $14 50@
15; extra Prime Pork. : - $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per Ib. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per Ib for
compound and 7@7^cfor pure; half-barrels,
pure 7%@Bc; 10-lb tins, BV4e; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6 7 /»c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 in a case. 9V4c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case. SHe; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, B Vic; 10-lb palls;: 6 in a. case. B%c; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 in a case, 7v4c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, <T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs,' 7«ic. .
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc . under the quotations. • Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8@8&c;. Cow
hides, BVs©9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; : dry Hides,: sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry. Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10©30 c each; short
Wool 36(g60c each; medium, 70<g9Oc; long Wool,
90c@$'l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25050 c; Horse
Hides dry, $1 6002 for large and $1 for email.
TALLOW— No. 1 1 rendered, I 3%@3%c per Ib;
No. 2, 2%®3c; refined, 4%05c; Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7®9c; San Joaquln and Southern. 7
months, S@9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 100
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9(gllc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14©15 c; Nevada, 100
12c; Eastern Oregon. 10@12e.
Fall Wools— ,
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 011
Northern Mountain 6%© 9
Southern 6 @ V&
Plains 5 @ 6
HOPS— IB 98 1 crop. 10011 c per Ib for ordinary,
UOlSttc for good and 13015 c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta' Grain Bags, 5%©6% c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quen
tin Bags, $4 96. . ;
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, •s B; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; -Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos : Bay, • $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania. Anthracite • Egg, '. $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, .47 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. .
CORDAGE— Manila; is higher at 9V4c per Ib.
Sisal is lower at BHc and Duplex at 7^c.
RlCE— China mixed. $4 15@4 20; China No. 1.
$4 5004 90; extra do, $yfs 35: Hawaiian, $5 25©
6 3" 1 Japan, $4 6004 96; Louisiana, $506 50. .
SUGAR— The , Western ■ Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash. Cube, " Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; • Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con
fectioners" A, 5%c; California : A, 5V4c; Magno
lia A. 5Hc; Extra C.'6%c:' Golden C, 6%c; half
barrels, %c more than 'barrels, • and boxes He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. ...
SAN FRANCISCO •. MEAT MARKET.
Beef is a shade easier, • owing ;to ; the Lenten
season. Mutton, and Veal are , unchanged.
Lamb Is easier. Hogs are firm and unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers ,to dealers
are as follows:
. ■ BEEF— per IT).
VEAL— Large and small. B®9c per ft.
MUTTON— 9@9«£c; . Ewes. , B%©9c. -
LAMB— per Ib for yearlings and 12V4®
15c for spring. '■ --'•' '- . : '-"■■■■■ -.i
PORK— Live Hogs, s^i@sV4c for large. s?i@s%c
for medium and s®s%c ' for. small; • stock Hogs,
Ec; dressed Hogg, 6Vi@BHc. r. . .-;.■•.', - .
RECEIPTS < OF ; PRODUCE.
For Friday, February 24. -■ • -
Flour, qr 5k5..... 11.833 1 Straw,- tons ...... -8
Wheat ctls 1.9J0 Broomcorn, Mis. 624
Barley, ctls ...... 2,695 Eggs.; doz ....... 15,360
Butter, ct15....... 174 1 Wine, gals ...... 89,200
Cheese, ctls .•... 187 j Leather, rolls-.'..,- 174
Potatoes, sks ... 942 Hides. No. ...... -1,111
Onions, sks ...... 417 1 Pelts, bdls '...:.. • 813
Bran, sks .... 80 Lime, bblg ...... 18j
Middlings, sks... ,760 Quicksilver, flks. 29s
Wool, bales .:.".... W5 Lumber, feet ... 12,000
Hay, tons .;.... -360 '
. OREGON. > ' h : \i:^
Flour, qr 5k5..... 2,741 Bran, sks .......... 1,500
Potatoes, sks ... 5.259 Oats, ctls ....... • 365
Onions, sks ..... 446 _ . .' .
NEVADA. •"
Hay, tons ....... 101*-.-
FAMILY RETAIL. MARKET. y
Butter 1. cheaper. : Eg^ are dearer at whole
sale, but the retail prices are *.*"? 0^,
Meats stand about the same. Poultrj shows
no particular change, but Game Is cheap and
out of favor. The season for it will be o-ver
th Asp^s and Rhubarb are coming in more
plentifully and prices are declining. , Other
summer Vegetables are scarce and dear. There
lB Fono C '&,"&* regular weekly price
list:
per ton-^ g0# _
tVeijinWon" — — <ffW OO'Southfleld
New Weinng- ' I Wellington —-@ 9 50
ton ...:..... — f 10 00 Coos 8ay.... @.« 00
Seattle ...... 8 00® I
Dairy Produce, etc— v • •«»»-
Butter, fancy, per 'Cheese, 8wtaJ.....-»^
square ;.55@— Common Eggs. ..lo@l«*i
Do. per roll -@50 Ranch Eggs, !**__,
Do good V.-<gis> dozen ............ -®-o
Pickled ..35<g40 Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per It) -@25; It) .... v"V"J"'**xJ2
Cheese. Ca1........ -sls Do, extracted... -010
Cheese, Eastern. ..ls@l7
Meats,- per fb—
Bacon ...'.12@17 1 Pork, fresh.. —®"
Beef, choice .15020 Pork, salt 10 %M
■ Do, good 10®12!Pork, chops — ®1Z
Corned Beef 10@— I Round Steak.......}?©
Ham,. Ca1........ 12V.@15 Sirloin ...... in'?—
Do. Eastern Porterhouse d 0.. .20 a :
Lard ........12t15 Smoked. Beef . . - ...12® lp
Mutton ....12@15lPork Sausages.. U'^SO
Lamb .......... 20@25 iVeal 12 ® 10
' Poulrty and Game —
Hens, each.... GO® 75 Quail, pr d0z...l 75@2 00 |
Young Roost- . Mallard, pair.. 6o<B' <»
ers, each — @ 75 Canvasback, pr
Old Roosters. •■ pair .......... "><gl 00
each ' 50@ 60 Sprig, pr pair. 40® .60
Fryers, each... 604? 65 Teal, per pair. 3o# V)
Broilers, each. 40® 50 Widgeon, pair. 3o® w
Turkeys, pr It) Id® 18 I Small Duck.... 30® 4a
Ducks, each... 60@ 75 1 Wild Geese, pr
I Geese, each.... 1 00@1 25 i pair... 50® —
Pigeons, pair.. 25® .50 English Snipe, _
Rabbits, pair.. — 40, per dor 3 00® —
Hare. each.... — 20 'jack Snipe 175® —
Fruits and Nuts- •
Almonds. It) 15@20 Limes, doa \^'ftZ
Apples, Ib 4<§ 6 Oranges, doz Mps
Bananas, d0z......15@20 Pears, per It) 6g «
Cranberries, pr qtls@— Raisins, ID »@lO
Lemons, doz 20@ — Walnuts, Ib 124* 16
Vegetables — ::' .
Artichokes, doz.so@l. 00 1 Mushrooms. 1b....20@35
Asparagus, Ib 15@20 Onions, Ib :.... 4^ 5
Beets, doz 12@15 Potatoes, Ib i. sg *
Beane. white. lb.. 4@ I Do. Sweet «?€«* i
Colored, It) 4@ 5 Parsnips, doz I ?£,J2
Lima, Ib 6@— Rhubarb, per 1b...10@20
Cabbage, each s@lo Radishes, dz bchslO@l2
Caulinowers, each s#lo Sage, doz bchs....2o<j|3o
Celery, bunch...... 5(S— String Beans, rb..20g20
Cress, doz bnchs..2o@2s Thyme, Ib 20@30
Green Peas, 1b.... 10312 Turnips, doz ID IF^X
Lentils, 1b... ...... 6@ 8 Tomatoes, Ib 15@20
Lettuce, doz 15@25i
Fish, per Ib—
Barracuda ...—©—'Shrimps 101 57r
Carp B® 6 Shad B@lo
Codfish ....: ...12@15 Sea Bass — @ —
Flounders B@lo Smelts 15 S"t
Herring 4@ 5 Soles ■..'."• B@lo
Halibut .15#— 'Skates, each. B@lo
Kingflsh S@lo|Tomcod 10<@il2
Mackerel .......... — — Clams, ga1......... — @50
Do Horse — «— Do. hardshell, 100.40!?f50
Perch B@lo Crabs, each .10®15
Pompano 1 00@l 50 Do, softshell, d0z.25@35
Rockflsh 12@15 1 Mussels, qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked.. ; Oysters. Cal, 100..4O«50
Salmon, fresh..... 15«20|D0, Eastern, d0z.25@40
Sturgeon 12@15l
THE SOTCK MARKET.
It was an average day In local securities.
The leading variation was an advance In Ha
waiian Commercial.
The mining stock market is purely a pumping
proposition at present. If the water is being
lowered prices go up, and if there is any halt
in the operations they immediately go down.
The depression of the past two or three days
has been due to the temporary cessation of
pumping In order to make some alterations.
The capacity of the pump with 100 miners'
inches of water for the first lift is 12,700 gallons
per minute; with 150 miners' inches of water it
is 19,000 gallons, and with 200 miners' Inches It
is 25,440 gallons per minute, but owing to the
limited capacity of the drain boxes in the Su
tro tunnel only 5600 gallons per minute will be
pumped for the present. Yesterday's telegram
read: "Stopped pumps several times during the
past twenty-four hours for the purpose of test
ing. The water rose four feet, but was quickly
lowered, and now stands 53 feet and 6 inches
below the 1750-foot level.
The market was weak In the morning, but
made a general recovery in the afternoon.
The Orleans Mining Company of Nevada ,
County has levied an assessment of 7 cents per
share, delinquent . March 14.
The Granite Hill . Mining and Development
Company of Nevada County has levied an as
sessment of 2 cents per share, delinquent
March 15.
•The official report from the Standard Consol
idated mine of Bodie under date of ■. February
18 says that raise^No. 1 on the 160 level- has
ten Inches of fair-grade ore In the top, and has
been stopped temporarily. • They are still rais
ing from the 316 level to connect with the 150
level, and the raise has 36 inches of ore in the ■
top. The south drift on the 31S level has three
feet of poor ore in the face. | The east crosscut
In the Black ledge on the same level has passed
through a low-grade vein ten inches wide.
Stope No. 5 on ■ the ; 150-foot level In the Moyle
vein shows 14 Inches of good ore. Good ore is
also being stoped from the Fortuna vein on the
582-foot level and from other points In the mine.
During the week the new mill ran smoothly
.and crushed a total of 351 tons of ore; average |
assay vanner tailings, $10 11; concentrates pro
duced one and a half tons; no assoy value
stated; plate amalgam produced, 1895 ounces;
value per ounce not stated. '
. STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, . February 24 — p. m. '
Morning Session.
Board— ,
25 Contra Costa Water 6* 00
100 Contra Costa Water, s 30 ...64 00
50 Contra Costa Water 64 25
5 Contra Costa Water ..64 50
25 Giant Powder Con 60 50
25 Giant Powder Con 60 31%
25 Hana Plantation Co .. ............ 16 S7V4
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar....:. 73 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
75 Mutual Electric Light .... 15 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 75 87&
15 Oceanic S S Co, b 30 76 25
115 Oceanic S S Co 75 50
30 Spring Valley Water 102 00
72 Spring Valley Water 101 87&
Street—
80 Giant Powder Con :. 60 75
$25,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 119 75
• Afternoon Session.
Board — ...
10 Alaska Packers' Assn .. 108 00
40 Alaska Packers' Assn. ...........108 25
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 108 50
25 Contra Costa Water ......;.... 64 37>£
25 Contra Costa Water ' 64 50
100 Equitable > Gas 10 00
• 25 Hana . Plantation Co 17 00
"50 Hana Plantation Co 16 S7>£
350 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 73 50
100 Mutual Electric Light ..15 50
65 Oceanic S S Co .. 75 00
$3000 S F & N P Ry bonds ...;.. :...U1 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry b0nd5....... :..124 75
66 Bpring Valley Water 101 75
$1000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds. 103 87»4
$19,000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds. 104 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.'
Board— . ...
60 Hana Plantation Co .. 16 87H
110 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
65 Oceanic S S Co ;............"......,.... 7g 00
Street—
20 Hutehinson S P Co 84 00
85 Equitable Gaslight .'........... 10 60
Afternoon Session. V
Board—
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
.60 Hutchinson SPCo ;" .- ...... "34 00
100 Equitable Gaslight 10 25
10 Oceanic' Sß Co ............... ........ 75 25
$2000 S V Water 4 per cent 3d iss bonds. 102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ;in v the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ..-:
■ Morning Session. ■ '.
500 Alta ............ 11 300 Justice ....... 27
100 Andes -18 300 Mexican ..'.'"' 63
100 Belcher 23.300 Ophir ... "*1
300 Best & Belcher. 55 500 Overman -*-*-*. V»
200 Best -4 ISelcher. 5B 500 Fotosl ' ' :a
200 Chollar .........: >; 100 Savage V ' SO
900 2 on , Cal & Va..l SO m Sierra Nevada' !l 20
300 Gould & Curry. -39 100 Sierra. Nevada.. 1 25
200 Gould & Curry. 40 300 Union C:>n ..... 65
300 Hale & Nor;rs. .39 100 Yellow Jacket 31
300 Justice £<?! "■
■ : . . ' Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 201100 Justice ........ .27
200 Belcher ......... 261200 Mexican 70
300 Best & : Belcher. 601 100 Mexican " 71
400 Chollar .„. 43 SOO Ophir •••'••" 10
450 Con Cal & Va..l 85*400 Potosi "■""•" 30
300 Crown Point ... 28; 500 Savage - """ 'tl
200 Crown Point ... 27 , 800 See Belcher '■■■ (A
200 Gould & Curry. ;45 300 Sifi-ra ' Nevada! 30
100 Gould , & Curry. 44 200 Union Con ... 57
2?2S a ! el -^ :Norcri " * 3 10 ° Union Con .... 68
2t)o Hale & ' Norcrs. . 44 1 200 Yellow Jacket. . . 35
--400 Justice ........... 26| - ..
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
. ■ Morning .Session.
500 Alpha Con ..... 09 400 Mexican .......; 64
500 Alta .-. 12300 Mexican^..... 69
1000 Andes .......... .is ! 200 Mexican ........ 71
300 Andes .....; 21 1200 Ophlr .:.... ....1 00
600 Best & Belcher. 66500 Ophir 106
300 Best & Belcher. 54 900 Ophlr ....1 07«4
300 Best & Belcher. ' 63 600 Ophir . 110
400 Best & Belcher. 1500 Overman 12
400 Best & Belcher. ; 58 1300 Potosi ;. 29
1100 Ch011ar......... 39 ! 600 Potosi .;: 30
200 Chollar .......... .401400 Potosi 32
400 Chollar ...... . . . . 42 1 300 Savage . ... ......' 30
500 Chollar •••••••••• ■ 43 600 Savage ...;......: 35
200 Con Cal& Va..l 75 300 Sierra Nevada.l 174
2700 Con Cal & Va.l SO 300 Sierra Nevada.. l 20
1250 Con Cal * & Va.l S3 400 Sierra v Nevada.. l 25
200 Con Cal & Va.,l 90 800 Sierra Nevada.. SO
100 Confidence ■ V. : . . . , 77 ; 600 Union ■ Con ? .. .;. ; 54
200 Crown Point .... 25 300 Union Con';...; M
.600 Crown Point .... - 27 450 Union Con ..... 06
200 Crown Point .... 28|700 Union Con 8T
200 Gould & Curry. 401300 Union Con ' 58
900 Gould & Curry. 41 1000 Utah 23
300 Gould & Curry. 45 800 Ltah 25
400 Hale & Norcrs. 39 900 Yellow Jacket.. %t)
300 Hale & Norcrs. 41 200 Yellow Jacket.. ft
700 Hale & Norcrs. 43 70 Yellow Jacket.. -3
500 Hale & Norcrs. 44 500 Yellow Jacket.. 34
500 Justice ..:....... 271500 Yellow Jacket.. 35
• * Afternoon Session. /
600 Belcher ......... 26! 600 Gould & Curry. 44
1500 Best & Belcher. 5S 500 Gould & Curry. 43
600 B°st & Belcher. 57 1100 Hale & Norcrs. 41
5W Bullion 07 i *>£ , l , r lr "^
JOO Caledonia ....... 42 800 Ophir 110
300 Chollar .......... 42 700 Potost 51
300 Con Cal & Va.l 57^;700 Savage 3;
1550 Con Cal & Va .l S5 . 1000 Seg Belcher.... <*
300 Crown Point .... 25J500 Union Con ;,
400 Crown Point .... 27 ; 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
500 Gould & Curry. 45'
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
■OH
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortiy of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) atwut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 2S.
Sun rises
Sun sets •-.•■
Moon rises 0:fr '
:O.|
I 1
n
25;...]
26 ..I
27 ...
28 ...
1 ...
8 ...
3 ...
5:
Ft.
1.1
|L. W
| 12:001 5.1
12:«2 4.9
1:30 4.7
2:29 4.4
3:34 4.1
4:53; 3.9
it.
Time
"■*
H W
'
L W
6:00: oi
6:32! i",i
7:06! jj
j 7:44 1 1.9
8:27! 2.1
9.2:. 2.7
1:01
1:31
I s.sf s:-
-5.3 6::
5.4 7:
5.6 8:1
I 5.S 8:1
| 6.6 10: i
I 0.9
0.6
I 0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of tr
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides ot til
day In the order of occurrence as to time, Tr.*
second time column gives the secor.i I
the day, the third time column the thl
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height!
g^lven are additions to the soundings on thi
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
ajid then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The rlane <,?
reference is the mean of the lower low water*
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
February 24. 1898.
The time ball was not dropped February
22 on account of it being a holiday.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In rharg*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Due.
Arcata Cooa Bay ]Feb. 25
Mineola Taeoma Feb a
Signal Astoria Feb! 25
Corona j San Diego Feb 25
North Fork I Humboldt Feb 2<i
U mat ilia IVictoria & Puget SoundSFet
Pomona jHumboldt IFeb
CoquiUe River. [Tlllamook Feb. 28
Aloha Point Arena !Feb. 29
Cleveland Puget Sound IFeb. 2«
Weeott Coos Bay Feb. 27
Czarina Taroma Feb. 37
Wellington Departure Bay Feb. 27
Orizaba Newport [Feb. 27
National City, i Grays Harbor ! Feb. 27
Gaelic China and Japan .... Feb. 23
Australia Honolulu Feb. 28
Fulton I Portland Feb. 2?
Washtenaw j Taeoma Feb. tt
Cleveland Puget Sound F<>b. 2?
Del Xorte Grays Harbor Feb. 2i
Chilkat iHumboldt Mar. 1
Crescent City. Crescent City Mar. 1
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. X
Columbia Portland Mar. 1
C. Nelson Puget Sound Mar. 1
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. I
Curacao Mexico Mar. 3
Point Arena... Point Arena IMar. 2
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 3
Queen I Victoria & Puget Sound ' Mar. 3
State of Cal . . . I Portland IMar. I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
.
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 25. 10 am! Pier I
Pt. Arena.. iPolnt Arena.. Feb. 25, 3pm I Pier 1
Chllkat ...JHumboldt Feb. 25. 2 pm Pier H
A. Blanch'diCoos Bay Feb. 25, 6 pm|Pler 13
Coos Bay... I Newport Feb. 26. 9 amjPler 11
State of Call Portland Feb. 27. 10 am! Pier H
Corona iSan Diego Feb. 27. 11 amPler It
Arcata iCnos Bay iFeh. 27,; 4 pmlPler IS
Cltyof Para Panama !Feb. 28, 12 m'PMSS
Pomona ... IHumboldt iFeb. 2S. 2 pm Pier ""
Weeott [Yaqulna Bay. 'Feb. 2K. 10 nm Pier IS
Orizaba (Newport IMar. 1, 9 am Pier 11
City PeKlnglChina & Japn'Mar. 1. 1 pmPM.'S
Alnha (Point Arena.. lM«r. 1. 3 pm.'Pier 2
Umatllla .. I Vie & Pgt Sd. IMar. 2. 10 ami Pier
Santa Rosa i San Dletro IMar. 3. 11 am Pier 11
Cleveland .. Puget Sound. ! Mar. 3 jPler ..
Columbia ..Portland iMar. 4, 10 am. Pier 24
SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 24. '
Stmr Samoa, Jahnson, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Elihu Thomson. Smith, 28 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall. 40 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr State of California. , Goodall. 54% houre
from Portland, . via Astoria 42 hours.
Ptmr Empire, Nelson, 44 hours from Coo«
Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 34 hours from Monte
rey, etc. ' i
Ship S P Hitchcock. Gates. 130 days from
New York. .
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 53 hours from Coo«
Bay.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED
- Friday, February 24.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co. •
- Br ship Cardiganshire, Taylor, Liverpool; O
W McNear.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo: R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson. Hllo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn Wrestler, Nielson. Kahulul; H F Allen.
Schr Stella Erland, Anthony. Amapala: A W
Anthony (master).
SAILED.
Friday, February 24.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Arff.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Sydney, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Eureka. Coo* Bay
and Astoria.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen.
Br ship Glenflnart. Ftndlay. Portland.
Bark Topgallant. Lunvaldt. Port Blakeley.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson, Hilo.
Bktn Wrestler. Nleison, Kahului. -
Schr J G Wall, BJorastrom, Eureka.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
Schr Llla and Mattie. Lindbridgs, CoquHl«
River.
RETURNED.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. hence to-day
from Bowens Landing-, returned on account of
carrying, away mainsail off the heads.
CHARTERS.
The J D Spreckels loads mdse for Honolulu
and Mahukona; S C Allen, mdse for Honolulu:
Santiago, .mdse for Milo.
The Ersklne M Phelps loads sugar at Hono
lulu for New York.
SPOKEN*.
Jan 6, lat 16 S. long 34 W— Bark Guy C Goss,
from Philadelphia for. San Francisco.- ■__
Feb 20. '.at 41 06 N, long 66 16 W— Ship Kenil- .
worth, from New York for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 24. 10 p m— Weather
hazy* wind NT: velocity 24 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABANDON— Arrived Feb Schr Conflanza,
CLALLAM" BAY-In port Feb 24-Bark Cory
phene. from Port Blakeley i or _, s »" F ™'} c ' s 1 ??-
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb 24— Br ship
Vflivhaai cjnrhpt ' from .Victoria."
/£ Vstmr Newsboy, hence
F GREENWOOP-Sailed Feb 24-Stmr Alcazar.
fO CRA?S^HARBOR-Arrived Feb 24-Schr
at G m of Orleans hence Feh 11: stmx National
City hen™ Fob 20; B chr Emma Utter, hence
F SaUed Feb 24-Schr Jennie Stella, for - San
F ?rRFKA-Arrlved Feb 24— Stmr Pomona,
h«nce Feb 23; schr Fortuna. hence Feb 19.
"ailed Feb 24-Schr Eva.- for .Honolulu,
civ PEDRO— Arrived Feb 24— Brig Courtney
Vird from Port Gamble: schr Serena Thayer.
from' - Astoria; schr Challenger, from Port
r "pORT y TOWNSEND— Feb 24— Bktn
Northwest from San Diego for Olympla. .
SEATTLE- Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Cleveland.
PORT "GAMBLE- Arrived Feb 23— Br bark
Kate F Troop, from Acapulco.
NEAH BAY— Passed Feb - 24— Stmr Washte
naw hence Feb -20. ' for Tacoma; stmr Cleve
land' fro Seattle, for , San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived ■ Feb 24— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 22; Br bark Glenlee. from Nagasaki.
Feb 23— Stmr Fulton, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Feb , 23— Stmr Signal, for San Fran-
C! TACOMA— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Charles Nel
son, from Seattle; stmr : City of Topeka. from
Satled Feb 24— Stmr Chas Nelson, for :
«tmr City of ■ Topeka. for Seattle.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed . Feb 24-Schr : Bertha
Doibeer, for Eureka. .
FOREIGN PORTS. j
- COLON— Feb 23— Stmr Allianca. frrjUL
New' York. " ;* ' ' . '
VALPARAISO— Arrived Jan Chll ' bark
Bertha, ■ from Vancouver.
HlOGO— Sailed Feb 22— Br ship ' James " Kerr, *
for Tacoma, ■ .
m ■ ..".....-•:■ V ■LONG SHOTS
IN SEASON
AT OAKLAND
Tony Liealzi First at
100 to 1.
CON DALTON A SURPRISE
LED GOAL RUNNER OUT IN A
DRIVE.
But Two Favorites Finished in Front.
The fascinating Widow Jones
a Winner — Glen Anne
Finally Scored.
Opportunities to win a fortune were
more plentiful at Oakland track yester
day than in the frozen Klondike country.
The long shots had an outing. Not that
a favorite did not score, for both Sat
suma and Wyoming headed their fields
out at scant odds. It was Con Dalton.
the black gelding from Dr. Rowell's sta
ble, and Tony Liealzi that afforded the
golden chance. Con Dalton took the third
• vent .at odds of 30 and 40 to 1, and Li
calzi scampered In winner of the final
event with some of the books laying 100
te 1 about him. Throughout the after
noon the betting was crotchety and' the
winners hard to guess.
A big bunch of platers started in the
opening five-furlong scramble, with Jer
ilderio ruling favorite. W. H. Martin
took her back before a furlong had been
'covered and she finished in the bunch.
The heavily played Widow Jones led all
t.he way, winning easily from Ballister,
a. 10 to 1 shot. QradaSi a 100 to 1 out
sider, ran into show.
Devin had the mount on Glen Anne, and
ttie mare was installed a mild choice for
th> mile scliing run that followed. Sh«
•was in front from the Jump and in a drive
dawned Henry C a bead. The poorly
•ridden Joe Mussle succeeded In finishing
third.
Tom Ryan's sprinter. Goal Runner, was
sent to the- post a 2 to 5 chance for the
third number, a six-fuViong spin, and"fin
ished second. Eddie Jones took Con .Dal
ton to the front, and outlasting the fa
vorite earned the decision by a couple
of lengths. Yaruba led Sir Urian out a
head for third place.
Espionage was scratched from the
seven-furlong run. and Satsuma had a de
cidedly strong call in the betting. A quiet
play on San Mateo cut his price from
5 to 1 to 13 to 5, and the brown horse
nearly scored. Satsuma did not catch
him- until the paddock was_ reached, and
was ridden along some to win by half a
length in l:2^ ; o. Eddie Jones was third.
Thf Sly people were not pronounced In
their views, and Wyoming carried the big
coin. Bullman rode the latter, and pass
ing Zamar in the stretch beat Honig's
sprinter a neck, driving hard. Ihe
wretchedly ridden Sly ended up third.
A cheap, trashy assortment of platers
furnished the sport in the closing five
furlong dash. Al was favorite, with H.
Martin up, and after showing the way to
the stretch blew up. Tony Liealzi, with
Ellis In the saddle, then disposed of Feb.
ruary by a length.
Track Notes.
■ -Bookmaker John CVNeil will quit booking at
■ the end of the present week. With his family
he will start on a pleasure trip to Southern
California. i
. . .Grncias, which ran third In the opening
race, was played from 100 down to SO to 1.
■a *tove shouid. bo placed in the Joe key room <
for the benefit of Ivy Powell. The young man |
gets cold feet whenever he rides a short priced
horse—one something like Roadrunner.
_ .^,
'"■".'■'■'" Entries for To-Day.
• ' First —Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up:
714 Diara 811 720 "vVatossa 8S
708 Bliss Rucker....lC2 720 Gold Garter .... 88
713 Tiburon S3 731 Carrie V 101
' 6SO Naranja 101 692 Jim Brownell...fi)2
-. 6«8 Sliver State ...1011 «24 Juva M
704 Dare II 10fi r.r<4 Defender 103
637 .-.'ore .101 329 Roulette Wheel. H7
•339 Mocorito 97 892 Midas 106
"Second Race —Four furlongs; two-year-olds:
■ 703 »Tar H111........1C3 721 Mountebank 103
'..: Rachel C 105 72L Bathos ....11l
n Wlnyah 108 (708) Bee Bee 108
c.:.3 El Arte los!(7lo}*Flamora .: 108
■ 710 Champion Row. 95! 'Murry Stable.
•"' Third Race—One mile; selling; three-year-olds
an.d- up:
- 711 Coda 99! (676)Rey del Tlerra..lO9
, 723 Moringa 96 713 Lost Girl $6
.723 Espionage 79 ;
"• Fourth Race— and a quarter miles; three
year-olds and up; Gunst stakes; $1500:
•706 Buckwa w... 1161 701 Ad. Spreckels...lo6
" (?h2)Roainante 104 (454)Napamax 109
<706) Topmast 106 i 1712)Dunois 109
" Fifth Race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
ur>: selling:
" 6SS Don't Skip Me..101! 712 O'Connell 114
"(7t'o)Tarn"ny Hall 11.101 729 Guilder 66
: 7.3 Rubicon 10S : . '. .
Sixth Race— furlongs; selling; three
■ y».ftr-oldß and up:
• 72" Mainstay I<W| 713 Amelia F0n50...101
704 Chappie 103 l(7o4)Torslda 106
" "705 Etta H 110 i 723 Bonibel 86
' '(713) The Pride , 103' 701 Mainbar 94
725 El Gartland 102 : 725 Highland Ball.. 108
" 723 I via 97 i 707 Roadwarmer ....103
Selections for To-Day.
First Race—Dare 11. "Watossa, Dolor*,
• Second Race—Bathos, Flamora. Winyah.
• Third Race—Espionage, Lost Girl. Rey del
,Tlerxai. '
Fourth Race—Dunoi?, Topmast, Adolph
Fpreckels. \
.' Fifth Race—O'Connell, Tammany Hall 11,
Rubicon.
Sixth Race—Ed Gartland, Torslda, The Pride.
Jockey Kuhn Suspended.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 24.— Weather
• cloudy;. track good. Clay Pointer was the
pnly winning favorite.
' -First race, selling, seven furlongs, Cov
.,'hjgton Ky woxi, Reel second, Protus third.
Tfme. 1:32.
• Second race, selling, six furlongs, Col
onel Eads won. May Droll second, Minnie
■R third. Time, 1:17.
Third race, selling, mile and three-six
• teenths. Aunt Maggie won. Judge Stead
nian second, Governor Boyd third. Time,
" * Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, han
dicap Clay Pointer won, Double Dummy
■second. J H C third. Time, I:SOVi.
' Fifth race, selling, six and a half fur
longs Nannie Davis won. McAlbert sec
ond Pontetcanet third. Time. 1:24^.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs, Tappan
won. Henrica second, Banrica third. Time,
- The stewards suspended Jockey Kuhn
for nulling up with Tortugas in the sec
ond race and decided to refuse the entry
of Prcrtus for inconsistent running.
JOCKEY CASH SLOAN
AGAIN IN TROUBLE
PE CAN BIDE NO MORE ON THE
LOCAL TRACKS.
Indefinitely Suspended by the Oak
land Stewards— W. H. Martin
Also Suspended for Pe
culiar Work.
At a meeting held last evening by the
board of stewards of the California
Jockey Club the well-known rider. Cash
Sloan, was indefinitely suspended. On
Monday of the present week Cash had
. the mount in a race decided at Oakland
* on Fred Foster's fast sprinter Abuse. The
horse waa a 2 to 6 favorite in the bet
ting, and after being cut off on two or
three occasions was bsaten out in a hard
drive by Tammany Hall. At that time
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, Feb. 24, 1899. Fifty-second day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
*7OA FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
/
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
... Widow Jones, 5 K>4 5
667 Ballister, 4 In 3 2
475 Gracias, 4 101) 1
647 Crawford, a 1031 8
691 Sierra Blanco, 4....1071 9
"08 Lonw, 5 105.10
654 Purward. 5 103' 11
... Jennie Gibb. 6 104 12
709 Ballverso, 4 104|13
837 Corrlf-nte, 6 1 mi j 6
474 Jerilderio, 6 101 4
... Padre Jose. 4 106 i 3
295 Wildflower. a 101) 7
... Green Hook, a 103 14
1 3
2 4
6 2
4 4
6 1
7 1
8 1
3 1
11
10
0 1
ia
13
14
1 2
2 1
3 n
4 1
5 4
6 1
7 4
8 1
9 2
10
11
12
18
14
5 Jones 4 9-2
(J. Daly S 10
>W. See 2i 30
!l. Powell 30 25
IHahn SO 12
Bullman 6 10
Gray 6 20
W. Narvaez.. 30 60
Ellis 10 40
McNichols ... 8 8
W. H. Martin 5-2 . 5-2
Pevin 5 7
Coburn 60 150
J. Woods 8 40
Time— 4 :\2\: %, :37; «_. 1:02. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. tn. by imp. St. Andrew-
Hattle Ball. Good start. Won easily. Second and third easily. ._.-«.
The Widow discarded her weeds and won raklshly. The start helped her. irracias
has a bundle of speed and will win. Sierra Blanco went the "overland. Corrlente re-
ceived no ride at all. Martin's handling of the favorite was suspicious. Jose away poorly.
Scratched— Bessie Lee 101.
YO"T SECOND RACE— One mile; selling;
; purse, J4OO.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m. Str.
Jockeys.
702 Glen Anne, 4 9S!
708 Henry C. 4 103
716 Joe Mussle, t....'...VX\
857 Billy McCloskey. 6.105J
7i>2 Colonial Pame, 4... 9S
716 McFarlane. a 105 !
716 Roadrunner, a 108
709 Rosemald, 4 98
622 Rloardo, a 105
718 None Such, 4 100
601 Pon Gara, 6 108!
[ 7
k
: 11 •
1 4
n
, 10
I 9
; l
.! 5
> .8
I 2
1 14 14
64 8 4
10 1 8 1
n n
81 2 1
84 9 1
91 6 4
4h 6 h
7 h 10
84 < h
24 7 4
1 4
3 1
6 4
24*
8
44
5 h
10
9
11
1 n
2 4
* 4
6 1
3 4
8
6 1
7 4
10
9 .
11
1 h
2 h
8 h
4 1
5 4
6 h
7 4
8 4
9
10
11
Devin
Bullman
Rasslnger
Jones
J. Paly
McNichols ...
I. Powell
Gray
3 16-5
10 15
3 7-2
8 15
8 40
c 10
5 4
8 10
20 60
6 8
10 30
| Romero
. H.
Time— \i -254; 4.~:504: 94, 1:17; mile, 1:424. Winner, J. Sullivan's b. m. by imp. St.
Andrew-Glencola. Good start. Wen first three driving.
A new rirtor worked wonders with the winner. Jog Mussle was much the best, \\eak
ridlnp beat Colonial Pame. "Copper" McNichols and Powell.
Scratched— Melvin Burnham K>6. ,
»rfto THIRD RACE-Six furlongs; selling; thre«-year-olds ; purse. $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight J
Sm.
*m.
Str.
Fin.
(714) Con Palton 1091 1
62. Goal Runner 10. 7
713 Yarut.a 109 2
r Urian 109 4
656 Punpralse 112 3
(701) Ptromo 1091 B
643 Faversham 112; 6
1 1
6 3
2 4
4 2
3 2
6 h
7
1 3
3 h
2 4
56
4 h
« 8
7
1 1
2 h
3 2
6 6
4 h
6 10
7
1 2
2 4
3 h
4 %
5 8
6 6
7
Jones la 30
!H. Martin.... 1-2 2-5
Bullman 15 30
W. H. Martin 5 9
IN. Turner 15 40
Thorpe 4 6
Hennessy .... 20 40
Time— Vi :24Vi: 4. :&. K. 1:14 U. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Imp. Golden
Garter-lmp.'Yaranabe*. Straggling start. Ay on first three driving
Con Palton is improving. Goal Runner was away poorly. Martin, on Sir Lrlan, threw
the show away.
7^ft FOt:RTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Welpht.
%m.
■ Hm.
*m.
Str.
Fin.
706 Satsuma. a 109! 2
(166) San Mateo. 5 .1051 6
(709) Eddie Jcnes, 4...;;.108 1
700 Guilder, 4 981 4
716 Karl Cnchran, 6 — 981 3
709 Malkarth. 4 961 5
4 1 '
2 H
6
3 h
1 1
6 4
I 3
1 6
53
6
. »h
4 h
2 4
1 3
8h
6
♦ 4
6 4
14
24
8 1
4 4
5 1
6
1 4 Jones
2 3 Rutter
3 14 Thorpe
4 6 J. Woods
6 1 Golden
6 Gray
3-5 7-10
« 13-5
8-5 8
20 40
100 800
300 600
Time— M., :12\; H, :374; %. 1:03; 7*. I:J$V_. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. h. by
Macduff-Albertha. Fair start. Won first three driving.
Salstima ivae much the best. San Mateo was heavily played. Thorpe, on Eddie Jones,
fell apleep the first part. Guilder badly ridden.
Scrtached— Montallade 101, Espionage 89^
7<«O FIFTH RA'
mile; selling;
; purse,
Index. Horse. Af?e. Weight.
Urn.
Hm.
%rru
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(707) Wyoming, 6. 196 J -24 *h 22 22 In Bullman 8-5 8-5
700 Zamar IT 5 106! 3 13 114 11 31 23 Rutter 4 5
- - sly 5 ' ins 1 1 3 1 6 3 6 2 5 2 S 4 W. H. Martin 2 16-5
70. Meadow Lark. a.... V>r,' 4 6 6 6 6 4 1 I.Powell 6 9
72S Lord Marmion, 4.... 105 i 5 44 84 43 44 52 Macklln 6 17
:■■)- Whitcomb, 4 1061 6 5 3 4h 3 h 3 h 6 |E. Jones 4 9
(707) Wyoming. 8. 186 '_
7'"""! Zamar 11. 5 105 3
706 Ply. 5 103 1 1
709 Meadow Lark, a.. ..106 4
725 Lord Marmion, 4 — 105: 5
707 Whitcomb, 4 1051 6
2 4
1 3
3 1
6
4 4
5 3
1 h
l 14
5 3
6
8 4
4 h
22
1 1
6 2
6
4 3
3 h
2 2
3 1
I 2
6
4 4
3 h
1 n
2 3
8 tt
4 1
5 2
6
!w . n. aiarun
I. Powell
n
Macklln
E. Jones
Time— H. :25; 4, :50: %. 1:154: mile, 1:414. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. g. by
Pardee-Caprice. Good start. Won first three driving.
Ztimar ran with considerable gameness. Odds too short for Sly. Search the records.
Powell's Incandescent li*ht out. He couldn't tee the wire. Whitcomb still slumbers.
-TOj SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
purse, $350.
Index. HotM. Ape. Wfttgtlt
St.
Km.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
722 Tony Llcalzl, 4 103: 1
... Fehfuary, 5 105 6
(To*) Socialist, 4
713 Kakins, 1 103' 3
641 Potente, 4 105 9
... Al. 5 Ml »
Gtoo H. Ketch'm, 5.103H0
<6on Espirando. 4 103! 4
\.rrie V. 6 101 11
611 Spry Lark, 6 101 7
... Oahu, 4. ■■ .101 2
722 Tony Llcalzi, 4 103 i 1 ... 4 4 ••• 14 11 'Ellis 30 60
Fehfuary 5 1061. ... 3 1 ... 8 1 2 2 Bullman 6 9
(706) Socialist, 4 106 S ... 6 2 ... 5 1 3 4 Macklin 6 20
713 Kakins, 6 108{ 8 ... 2h ... 2 4 4h ! I. Powell 3 4
641 Potente 4 105 9 ... 5 4 ... 6 % Eh ißutter '.. 10 20
Al 5 KB - ••• 14 ... 4 4 6 4 !H. Martin 1 4-5
too H. Ketch'm, 5.10310 ... 9 1 ... 8 2 7h JMcNichols ... 4 9
(601) Espiraiido, 4 -03^4 ... 10 .... 7 4 8 W.H.Martin 15 8
884 Carrie U 6 101 11 ... 11 ... 9 9 Mounce 60 100
611 Spry Lark, 6 101 1 7 ... 7 1 ... 11 10 Gray 40 100
Oahu 4... lOi 1 2 ... 8 4 -.■ 10 -11 Devln 20 76
4 4
3 1
« 2
2 h
6 4
1 4
9 1
10
11
7 1
84
1 4
% 1
5 1
2 4
6%
4 4
8 2
S*
9
11
10 -..
1 1 (Ellis
2 2 IBullman
3 4 Maoklln
4 h t Powell
6 h ißutter
6 4 !H. Martin
7 h McNichols ...
8 \W. H. Martin
9 Mounce
10 Gray
11 Devln
'. H.
;e
Time— H :13; %. :3C_; %. 1:01. Winner, S. N. Holman & Co.'b b. g. by Hornpipe-Mary
Foster. Good start. Won first three driving.
The winner played 1n luck. Ellis went through a streak of daylight at stretch turn.
Al has= defective breathing apparatus. February was the good thing. Ketcham was al-
mof=t left. Socialist should have been closer up.
Scratched— Schnltz 106.
Sloan was suspended pending an investi- j
gation into the race. Judge Murphy said j
last night that he was in receipt of in- i
formation that would lead him to believe |
that Tammany Hall was backed by par- j
ties In the New York poolrooms. The ■
steward's believe Sloan guilty of fraud,
and wfll recommend the license commit
tee of the Western Turf Congress to re
fuse the rider a license. „.-,
A friend of Foster's said after the race
that "Fred thought Abuse a 'cinch, and
that if his horse was beaten the one tnat |
did the trick would have to run the six ;
furlongs better than 1:13. He was
beaten in 1:13%. of the race Billy Ran-
On the morning of the race Billy Ran
dall, the trainer of .Tammany Hall, en
deavored to persuade Foster to scratch
Abuse, telling him that Tammany Hall
had the others safe, and that more mon
ey could be made by playing the Montana
sprinter. Foster, however, would not ac
quiesce. Abuse started again on Thurs
day and finished second to Miss Rowena,
Some very uncomplimentary remarks
were passed around about this latter
ra The stewards also took further action.
For his very peculiar looking ride yester
day on Jerilderio and Sly, Jockey W. H.
Martin was indefinitely suspended. Mar
tin gave promise of becoming quite a
shining light among saddle artists and If
he has fallen into bad company it is to
be regretted. He came to the coast this
winter with Charley Fink owner of Hard-
Iv Florence Fink and others.
In futurV the entry of the horse George
H. Ketchum will be refused at Oakland.
The previous rulings in the cases of Les
terßeiff and Henry Shields were reaf
firmed! Reiff was indefinitely suspended
and Shields was restricted to riding lor
t^n-n^ le ca S f cs Ga 1 f en al?"r c n robatlc- horses
placed on the proscribed list in the past
the rulings were also reaffirmed.
The following resolution was then
adopted by the board: The present stew
ards of this club believe the parties con
nected with the Little Pete scandal at
Bay District track should remain ruled \
off for life and during their tenure of
office will consider no further applica
tions for reinstatement.
"Keith's, this is our day. Milliners Invi
ted. Everybody welcome. Ideas for all.
TWENTY-FOUR HOUR
CYCLE RACE TO-NIGHT
MEN SAID TO BE IN GOOD CON-
DITION.
Entries and Handicaps for the Short-
Distance Events— Managers Run
Against a Snag.
The big twenty-four-hour bicycle race
starts to-night in Mechanics' Pavilion at
10 o'clock. Prior to the main event of the
evening there will be a couple of inter
esting short-distance professional and
amateur races, which have a good field
of entrants. Of course the greatest in
terest centers in the twenty-four-hour
race lor in this the cracks who but re
cently completed the six-day race will
compete, with the addition of Charles A.
Kraft, the great California road rider,
and Frank Waller, the long-distance man,
who was forced to quit on the first day
of the six-day race owing to Jailing eye-
Kisrht Waller is also a Calirornian and
is probably at his best in a twenty-four
hour race, as he once held the worlds
record for that time.
The entrants, handicaps and heats for
the short-distance events to-night are as
follows:
One mile handicap, professional— First prise,
$40- second, $30; third. $10. First and gecond In
each beat and third in the fastest heat to quai
tfv *
First heat— Jay Eaton, scratch; Iver Lawson,
20 yards; Frank Cotter, 30 yards; Clem Tur
vllle, 60 yards; Tom Barnaby, 76 yards; Charles
S Wells, 100 yards.
Second Heat— O. L. Stevens, scratch; William
Furman 35 yards; Eddie Leonert, 60 yards; Al
Weinig '60 yards; C. R. Coulter, 60 yards; W.
A. ("Bob") Terrill. 86 yards; O. A. Wyman, 95
J "Third heat— Hardy Downing, 15 yards; Teddy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
Goodman. 25 yards: John Chapman. 43 yards;
Fritz Lacey. 60 yards; Harry Terrlll, 60 yards;
Charlie Turvllle, 70 yards.
One mile handicap, amateur— First prize, $23;
'second, $15; third, $10 (vaiuatlon given). First
heat — Edmund F. Russ, scratch; W. J. David
son, 25 yards; A. T. Smith, 50 yards; AY. G.
Long-will, 7. r , yards; Charles Grafe, 100 yards: A.
Seifrled. 110 yards
Second heat— C. M. . Smith, scratch; E. A.
Bozlo, 25 yards; R. R. Roblson, 40 yards ; "D. G.
Sylvester, 60 yards: H. D. Beam, 70 yards; A.
P. Deacon, — yards: Ed McNess, 100 yards
Third heat— G. A. Tantau. 35 yards; A. Da
vidson, 60 yards; Milton M. Cook, 75 yards; Clay
Holmes; Charles Rueser, 90 yards; Justice
Young, 100 yards.
One mile exhibition by Henri Fournler, cham
pion of France, mounted on the Infernal ma
chine, the sensation of the modern age of
cycling.
One mile exhibition by Harry Elkes, the mid
dle distance champion, holding the hour paced
record of 34 miles 1220 yards.
Champion Miller, who won the six-day
match, is not expected 4to place the
twenty-four-hour event to his credit. He
is better at the longer distance.
The entries for the twenty-four-hour
race are as follows:
No. I. 'Charles ("Dutch") Kraft, Bay City
Wheelmen: 2, Frank Waller, Acme Wheelmen
3. Burns W. Pierce, Boston, Mass.: 4. Frank
Alberts. New York. N. V. ; 5, John Lawson,
Chicago; S, Oscar Aronson; 9, Teddy Hale" 10
Oscar Julius; IT, Fredericks; 12, Charles Turl
vllle, Philadelphia; 13, Earl D. Stevens, Buffa
lo; 14, John Chapman, Atlanta, Ga. ; 15 Tom
Barnaby. Boston, Mass.; 16. W. F. Furman
Los Angeles: IS, Charles W. Asblnger. New
York; 19, Henry W. Pilklngton.
It was brought to the attention of the
Health and Police Committee of the Su
pervisors yesterday that Kid McCoy was
to box In Mechanics' Pavilion to-night In
connection with the bicycle racing with
out the customary permit having been
secured from the committee. Chief Lees
was Instructed to stop the boxing if the
customary license of $100 was not forth
coming. A deputy from the License Col
lector's office visited the Pavilion dm ing
the afternoon to collect the fee. This was
refused, and he was told the exhibition
would go on despite his efforts. Finally
when the management saw the law was
against them, they said they did not care
if it was stopped so long as they could get
the people there. Unless the license Is
procured the police will not permit Mc-
Coy to pull on a glove.
Jimmy Michael left for the East yester
day morning. Michael is anxious to come
back here next fall.
The Pavilion cycle track Is to be moved
directly after the close of the present
meet to the Olympic Club grounds
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from the East. Office.
Phelan bulldlnr- . •
A Big Judgment
G. Howard Thompson has sued Thomas
L. Tormey to recover $36,073 26 on a judg
ment recovered in the Superior Court,
March 12, 1894, but which has not as yet
been satisfied.
Office: S. W. Cor. Post and Powell Streets, Telephone:
Opposite Union Square. Main 5713.
Pierce- Rodolph
Responsible Firm. a S<+
Low Rates. vOf
Storage, Moving,
Packing, Shipping.
Fireproof Warehouses. Covered Vans.
Lowest Rates— Packing and Shipping.
FISTIC SPORT
WILL SOON BE
IN FULL BUST
Muller and Tracey to
Meet Tuesday.
AUSTRALIAN IS THE FAVORITE
ERNE AND HAWKINS BOOKED
FOR MARCH 3.
Smith and Lavigne, Two of the Great
est Fighters of the Day, Will
Do Battle Before the Ex
celsior Club.
There will be sport for all lovers of the |
game of hit and miss during the month
of March. The National and Excelsior
Athletic Clubs have announced certain
pugilistic events, which for excellence
cannot be duplicated.
The National Club will give the first
show on Tuesday evening, the 20th lnst.
The programme is a good one, as among
the contestants there ate champions in
their respective classes.
Tom Tracey, who will meet Fred Mul
ler In a twenty-round bout, has satisfied
the lovers of the game here that he is a
clever and a game fighter, notwithstand
ing that he has a slight predilection for
skitting around a ring whenever hard ;
pressed by a sturdy opponent. It must be j
remembered, however, that Corbett whip- \
ped Sullivan by his clever footwork and j
quickness in avoiding the onslaughts of j
the big fellow. Doubtless if Sullivan had I
Corbett In a twelve-foot ring James j
would not be posing as the ex-cliampion j
heavy weight pugilist of the world to-day, j
The Marquis of Queensberry, when he |
framed the rules which are looked upon as ;
nearly perfect by the fighting men of the
present time, considered that atwenty-f our I
foot ring was the proper size for scientific ,
boxers. For those who rely upon their I
brute strength and ability to stand pun
ishment, doubtless a ten-foot ring would
be better appreciated, as they could cor
ner a clever boxer and thereby stand a
far better chance of scoring a knockout.
The Tracey and Muller light should be
well worth seeing. The preliminaries are
also good. "Cocker" Tweedie and Jimmy
Reiiley are game lads, who should give
the .sports "a run for their money, and
Willie Cole and Eddie Alford, who are ,
also booked for a ten-round argument,
will doubtless aßsist materially to make
the show an interesting affair. Tim
Hurst has been selected by the National ,
Club to referee all matches. The game
Will commence promptly at 8 o clock
The r.ext event that will be pulled
oft" by the National Club is the >-"ie-
Hawkins twenty-round contest, wh^h
will take place on Friday evening. March
3 The preliminary to this bout will be a
ten-round contest between "Gene Mulli
gan alias Sunset, and Charley Johnson.
The Eastern sports are very sweet on
Erne, but it can be safely said that Haw- ■
kins will not lack for financial support.
With the decision in the Hawkins-Erne |
fight will go the right of the winner to :
challenge Lavigne for the lightweight
championship of the world. Hawkins is
at present training at the Seal Rock
House, where he haß established training
quarters. Erne does most of his work at ]
the Olympic Club. John W. Considine, i
manager for Hawkins, and Kennedy, j
manager for Eine, held a conference yes
terday and decided upon the right of the ,
winner to challenge Lavigne.
Of the manr battles scheduled to take .
place during the month of March, prob
ably the groatest interest will be mani
fested In the twenty-round bout between i
the hurricane fighters, George Lavigne, |
the "Saginaw Kid," and "Mysterious"
Billy Smith. Smith and Lavigne are un
disputedly two of the greatest fighters of
modern times. They are not only clever
and up to every little trick in the game
but they are also aggressive and take a
delight Jn giving and taking punishment.
The champions will meet in Wood
ward's Pavilion on the evening of March
10, and the battle will decide the cham- \
pionship of the class they represent. It j
will be held under the auspices of the Ex- :
celsior Athletic CJub. Smith has been j
training hard in Alameda since his arri- ;
val, and Lavigne is getting Into splendid j
shape at his favorite station, Blanken's i
Six-mile House.
This is what a writer for a New York j
paper says of the proposed Fitzslmmons ;
and Jeffries fight:
If the Westchester Athletic Club Is successful i
in securing the Fltzslmmons-Jeffriea match it is i
more than likely that the bnut will be brought I
oft In the daytime. The officials of the club, i
it is Bald, are anxious to have the mill decided
by daylight because they believe it would then
attract a larger crowd.
Such an arrangement would also afford the J
club an opportunity to take pictures of the con
test, which woulfl mean a financial Item of no
small Importance to the organization. A club
capable of pulling oft such an Important fight
before the kinctoscope could well afford to offer
a handsome puree, as the revenue derived from
the pictures oftentimes far surpasses the gate |
receipts.
The Sheriff of Westchester County, who is in
favor of all athletic everclses, It is said, also '
favors the contest taking place In the daytime. \
A sporting man who is a personal friend of the
£h»rlff of Westfhester County and connected '
with the club said yesterday that it was pretty j
sure the fight, If it went tn the Westchester I
Club would come off before nlghtrall. He paid i
that the authorities were also In favor of hay- |
Ing such a big event decided in the afternoon i
or morning because better police arrangements !
could be made, and It would eliminate the
swearing In of a score of deputies which would
be necessary under other conditions.
The articles of agreement signed by Flts
slmmons and Jeffries have no mention of the
time of day the contest If to take place, but
it Is a certainty that If the picture machine
gets in Its fine work the principals will have a
fay in the matter. They appreciate what a
good thing the pictures are and will no doubt
demand a percentage of the profits.
AMATEUR BOXING TOURNEY.
Lightweight Championship Matches
in the Olympic Club Gymnasium.
On Wednesday evening-, March 1, the
second of the series of amateur boxing
turnaments will be held in the Olympic
Club gymnasium. This will be the pre
liminary battles of the lightweight class,
the weight limit of which Is fixed at 135
pounds.
The officials chosen. to judge and referee
the contests are James R. Smith, who will
be in the ring with the men. and F. M.
Zerrini and Stewart Carter, who will take
notes on the outside.
There are ten entries In all, making five
matches. The fighters are of good ma
terial and the contests should prove even
more Interesting than those of the last
tournament. Those who will fight the pre
liminary battles for the lightweight
championship are S. W. Perein of the Re
liance Club and William Poulsen of the
Excelsior; Jack Dennis. Olympic, and H.
R. Grossman. San Rafael Athletic Club;
John Kane, Liberty Club, and Robert El
wood, AlvaradjD Athletic Club; Doc Flynn,
South End Rowing Club, and A. N. Bar
ry of the Alvarado Athletic Club; E. Cof
fee, San Francisco Athletic Club, and Pe
ter Magee.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tuo oaths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
i. ♦ .
COLLEGE BASEBALL.
Firemen and California Will Cross
Bats on the College Campus.
The fifth game of the Fireman's Fund-
Collegiate Baseball League will be played
to-day on the campus, of the University
of California between the Blue and Gold
nine and the Firemen. The California
nine has met the Firemen but once, the
latttr being defeated by a small margin.
The Firemen have played Stanford three
games, winning all. Each team has its
best line-up for this afternoon, and good
baseball is expected. The nines will line
up as follows:
Fireman's Fund. IT. C.
Hammond, "W Catcher . ...Chesebrough
Mosktman Pitcher Kaarsburg
Follansbee First base Hamlln
McGinn Second base Hunter
Krug Third base McLaren
Schmeer Shortstop Fuller
Butler Left field Wolf
Hammond, J Center field Swan
Webber Right field Mc i:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
baveW"
BEEN cured!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment In the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Seme doctors fall because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cures
guaranteed: ■
Kidneys, : Brifthfs Disease,
Catarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
Luti's, Blood and Skin,
Head, . Rupture. .
Heart, Rheumatism,
' Bladder, Diseases of Rectum,
Liver. Spleen, Varlcocele,
Stomach. Hvdrocele,
And all swellings, tenderness and Im-
pediments of the sexual parts: effects of
Indiscretions in youth or excesses in
after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, failing
memory, despondency, etc., promptly and
effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who -were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEAINY, M. D.,
73T Market St.
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. Sundays from 10 to 2. t
COURSING PARK
OPEN STAKE
— :— AND-:—
SAPLING STAKE I
BIG MONET. CORKING HARES.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
JAMES GRACE, Slipper.
. N. B.— Judge Grace shall announce the score
after each course, which shall be placed on the
blackboard.
Take the Mission-street car and It will land
you at the gate. .
ADMISSION 23c. LADIES FREE.
Many dealers will recommend inferior
preparations and lower-priced articles.
Auk for and obtain only
fiSF&OVwF* S Trochee of Boston
The Genuine has the 1
Facsimile ji/ J /? *£ £2 eVOTF
Signature of <$ /fc&g^^ftt/ box. f
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths', hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night. . / -'.
/ r ~'tk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
isLrftfcJls 62ft KEABNY ST. Established
MMf^ in 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT ST. Established
In 1854 for tho treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
BtaßPßwßa disease wearing on body and mind and
ZStHHmaiS skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
4°iirpMKnarnnt4>*d. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *'• UIBBOM, Box 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pa M Hal Iff S. S. AUSTRALIA
'3»S«lh£ palls for Honolulu
.•^■■■■■W Wednesday, March 8,
■ »^ at 2 p. ' m.
four L* \ The S. S. Alameda
nMPJimSnID 4 ' Bails via Honolulu and
GflMniJlliy Auckland for Sydney
" Wfllo3R4h Wednesday, March 22,
*£S" l r * B l at 10 p. m.
' Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN South Africa.
T J VV D N SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
■ 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
© ne'r First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
HONGKONG MARU......... ; . .Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU ...Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU , .Saturday. May 6
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market "treet^orne^F.rst^^ Agent .
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Prom New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 221 St. Paul March 15
fit. liovla'. March I 1 St. Louis. March -22
RED STAR LINE, .
New York and Antwerp.
From New . York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington.... Feb'y lMSouthwark...... March 8
Noordland Feb'y 22IWestemland..March 13
Frlesiand March 1 Kensington — March 23
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St. Michael; Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight ana pas-
sage apply to - • ;
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY, !
- 10 Montgomery St., < -ny of Its agencies j
. HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE. "
. NEW TORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW TORK— CHERBOURG (PARIS)— HAM-
■i BURG. . ■':.
For Sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG . & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and %
US Montgomery St., San Francisco.
— ™ . — i — ■ — ■
1 ADVERTISEMENTS. • ___ ]
"ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of y^iL^^S^
Very small and as easy 1 J
to take as sugar. - - - •
SFF l/»ADTrD>l FORHEADACHL SEE
stt CARTERS FOR DIIZINESS. ~m
GENUINE IfSvFR ™™™?ira. GENUINE
MPS II FOR CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFft H ■ FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
MAITtK jy| Iforthecomplexior KA^ ts
GKNtIMU MUST WAV! gjPMATURC. _
25 icwitj ! Purely Ve^etalJlev^^^^^* I^-
"P»K,I2STTEID O3ST I^EID PAPER."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
|aw Steamers leave Broadway
VBi^^hw wharf, San Francisco:
nwSla. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
mP^^BH^ Feb. 5, 10. 15. 20, 25; Mar. 2:
DLIsM^EI change at Seattle.
PAfsVI 3b| For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
KsMBBB^BBBBsn c.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^EilsSß Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New hatcom (Wash).
10 a m., Feb. 5. 10, 15, 20, 25;
Mar. 2. and every Mtt . day^?^£™Vt
A^la^d O. N h V:7t R facoma to N. P.
thereafter. -,_,. Monterey, San Simeon,
mmmm
and Guaymas (Mex.), 19 a. m.. Feb. 11. Mar. 9.
A 6 'further information ''<>»««■ h
The company reserves the right to ' c" an
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
*lOKKT f OFFIOB-i New Montgomery
•^a!rpggff. Lf co. fefn .^ fe
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From SDear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth*
rAnt $8 Second. Clas* and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22; March 4. 14.
State of California ' sails Feb. 7, 17, 27,
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS . & CO^^.
Compapie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j,^^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2Q3115
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North «£»■•■«•
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMAN-DIE A .March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
LA BRETAGNE. March IS
LA TOURINE March 25
LA NORMANDIE : April 1
First-class to Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $4r> 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling; Green, New York".
3. V. FUGAZI-& CO., Pacific ' Coast Agents,
S.Montgomery aye., San Francisco. ■
BAY AND BIVEB STiiAJKEBS.
~7oßirrNAv^ and vallejo.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 0:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
I p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Misslon-st. Dock, Pier No.
2. Telephone, Main 1508.
FARE Mo
EAILBOAD TBAVEL.
CALIFOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. »:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:H,
8:80. 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. • Saturday*— trips at I:6*
and 11:30 p. m. . ■ • •
BUNDATS— B:OO, 9:83, 11:00 a. m.| l:S0, MO,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ...
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 11:48,
t:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trip* at
1*55 and 6:85 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.J DM, in*,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetsea Park
pama schedule as above.
' Leave " Attltb
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Franelso*.
*- . October 16, ——————
Week I Bun- 1898. Bun- i Weak
Days. ' Days. Destination, cays. days.
7:80 am 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 amf 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:80 am Pet&luma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:B* pm. 8:22 pro
Fulton. _.
T:SO am Windsor. »»:« am
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
Geyservllle, _
" 1:80pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:Bspm l:Mpa»
- ■ Hopland and
.TiiOam Uklan. 7:85 pm 6:88 pm
V:80 am """ "~ 10:16 »m |
8:00 am OurneyrlU*. 7:86 pm
8:80 pm - j Jt-Mvm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma ■ 10:40 am 8:40 am
and *
BtlOpm 6:00 pmj Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:81 pm
7:30 am "i:00 am. Sebastopol. 10 -.4o am 10: J5 am j
8:80 pm 6:00 prril T:35 pml 6:13 pm ;
Stag-es connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Waat ,
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at G«y- j
ferville for Bkasrs« Spring-": at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Spring |
: Highland Springs, Kolseyvllle, Carlsbad j
6pr!n»s, • Soda Bay, Lakeport and BarUett
Spring*: at Ukiah for Vichy Sprlng-s, Saxatojja |
Springs. Blue Lakea. Laurel D.U Lake. Witter i
Bprings Upper Lake. Porno. I»ott«r galley.
John /Riverside, Lleriry's. Bucknell's,
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. • Boonevllle, Orr'i
Hot Springs. Mendooino City. Fort Braes.
Westport. Usal. Witlltts. Laytonville, Currr-
(nln^s. Bell 1 * Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dye* !
P S°aturday to llonday round trl» i ticket.' at ;
0 BnnfliyS" round trip ticket, to all point.
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of fleas. 650 Market St.. Chronlole bl«ti
' B. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
.general Manager. Oen. Paaa Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:45.
1:45, 6:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m. , ■„
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
! days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— MO:00. »11:»» a. m.; 'Vl*.
• 8:00, *4:30. 6:15 p. m. ' /, :'".
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »«:35. 7:45. *9:30 a. m..
•12:20. 2:20. «J:45, 5:05 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
i and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. • : ' .
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, •10:00, ni:6B a. . m..
•1:15. «3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m. 0,,.^(«
Trains marked • starts from San QuenUn._
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.,
12 - 35 2 45 8:50, 6:20 p. ro. _, •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
' * n s d UN a D U ATS^foo. 7 « a^n,: . 12:06. 1:20. 8:20,
j 6:00. 6:20 p. tn <iriiouGH KAIN3 .i '
1:20 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta' a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
• (VUS»usailto "erry.) __ M
Leave San Francisco, coKunencin* Sunday.
n^ m i:tt p. -.
i atreet. Baa Fruiciicg. , |
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOITIIRBS PACIFIC CO3irA3IT.
(PACiriU HTHTEM.)
Trmlna l»i>ir nml iiit <ln<> In nrrlfe at
NAN rilAN€l»t:O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) .-,
UtA-rm — From Deo. 18. 1853. — aubitb
•B:OOa. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... «8:43*
7iOOa. Beiiici*. Suigun and Sacramento... . oi43r
7iOOa. MansTiUe, OtotUlb and Heading via ■
Woodland : St4."»F
TiOOa Klmira. VaoaTille and Rumsey 5:43»
7t»OA Martinei, 9au Ilamon. Vallejo. llaj>«, .
■ CalUtofaamlSnnta Rosa O:\3r
8:*0 a AtlaiiMoKxprein. Og<len and Kait.. Bil3f
•i»Oa San .lose, Llf«rmore, Htiickton, . .
• • lone, Hacranieiiw, Plac-rrillftj
Marj«»ill«, Uhico, UeiUlluff -iill»F
«:SO* 'Milton, Oakdalr and Jamestown... 4:13r
•tOOA. Martinet. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Frciuo 18:18*
■ ■iOUa Fresno. Uiker»fiel"l. 'Santa llnrbara.
Los Angeles. Deming, £1 Puo,
' New Orleans and Kurt «j4»p
IO:OOa Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45#
ISt««M Kilts, LiTerniOTa, Stockton, Sacra-
- mento, Mendota, lUnford, VUalia,
Porwrrllle i.i «:!»»
•I «OOf Sacramento lHver Steamers *8:00r
4. 00P Martinet ban Itainon, Tallejo,
Napa, CaltitOKa, Santa Rosa 9ilBa
4i«*r Bauioia, VacaTUle, Sacramento,
Woodland, KiilghU Landlug,
M»ry»Tille, Orotllle 10:454
4i3op NUe«, San Jose and Stockton 7ilsr
•iO*rSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Lot
Angeles oi4o*
O:8Or Stockton, Metced, Fresno ........ 1*:13»
BtSor Marline*, Tr»«y. JJondota, Fresno,
Mojare. Santa iJsrbara and J.os
Aaceles  ....„..*.... ■««*
I5:OOF Paciflc Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East 89:45 A
»iB»P «anfc» Fe Home. AtUuilo i:i|>reu
for Mojafe ami Kaa» •'«»•
«t««r Kuropeau Mall, Ogden and Kaat.... » ! *» 4
OtOO t Hajwards, Niles and San Jose. n 7i4O a
•6:OOrVafla]o.... •^•••i:" la ' 18 *
t7>OOr Vallejo, Port Oo»t» and Way Sta-
Uons i« ' J9:43»
•:O«r Oregon Kxpresa, Sacramento, Marys-
tllle, ne<ldln». Portland, Puge»
Honndaiid Kast **»*>
gl*t»9p Sunset Liroited. Fresno. I- of
Angoles, El Pano, New Orl»*M
apJEagt 61»45>
" bit IiKANUUO AN*l> H.4YWAIUIS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~~" " \ Metro**, Seminar/ Park, ?
■iOOa Fltchbanr, Klmlmrst, «<«9a
«Sooa San Leandro.Soßth Sao 1*0:43*.
19.00 a Leaiidro, Kstadillo, l° t4 * k
ill :OOa Loren io. Cherry ■ "»"i
MOr and £ «*
»«O»» naynards. <s|Jg;
7i00» I Bans thr»iif nto »Dea. "* OF
J I From Niles I
' (i^AST DIVISION (Narrow «ange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
• ' 8:13 a Newark, Oentar»ille,SaaJose,yoUon,
Boulder Creek, Orus
Station*. • ■■■■• BIOW
•ailsp Newark. OenterfUle, San Jose^New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Banta Oraa and Principal War __ __
Stations #. • •!•!»•*
4tl3p Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... »'»«»
flli43p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
' Way Stations". t?' B **
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
PrtK Sill fHIOISCO— totl of lirktt Strut (slii> B)— .. „.
•7:1» 9:00 II:OOa.M.' tl:00 *3:00 t3:09
•1:00 • *8:00 •6:00f.1f.
r»»t»fBroitw»y.— "8:00 8:00 10:00 a.*.
. tU:00 »l:00 t8:00 *3:00 • tl:00- '5.:00r.ii.
■"" COAST- ill UNION (Broad Claage). *
(Third and Townsend 3t».)
7«00a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y)...'.... Ii 8»»
•r»#A Ran Jo*«, Trea I'lnos, Hauta Cruz. :
iV-k-i Paclßo Qro»e, Paso Rabies. San.
I.hU Obtoiio. Qnadalnpe, Surf and
Principal Way Station* .2**2*
lOi'Oa Say .Tow and W.y Stations 2'S2*
llia«A San Jose and Way Stations »i»»*
•Bi4Sr Sao Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Oilroy. HollUter. Batita Cms,
Salinas, Monterey ami Paclflfl
. 0r0T8. ......„,.,. - .*'2 lB s*
•Si«*r Ban .To«» and Way Statlous S'22*
•4il3r Sao JoNiDd Prluoipal Way Stations . »:43*
•StOvrSanJoM and Principal Way Stations O:S3a.
StSOr San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 3:30p
«:Ur Sao Jose and Way Stations ?:3«P
tlli4sr San Jose and Way Stations 7»30r
A for Morning. r "^ P for Afternoon.
• • Bnn<fays eicepted. t Sundays only, * Saturdays only
: •[Mondays and Thursdays. . . aTuesdays and Saturdays.
IBaturdays and Wednesdays. t>Thorsd»TS and Sundays.
: — : : ; -~"
California
Limited
Santa Te Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Obi
eervatlon Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dall*
Overland Express. '
SAM FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — m MMEJ ST.
TELEPHONH MAIN 16SL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento OfSos— 2ol J Street.
gan Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
A Superb Train
wjgjffflffev EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
THE
fl^P^Union Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE-
BUFFET SMOKING AND LtBRART CARS
. WITH BARBER BHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPER!
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3V4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at I p. ■Jw'/V.V
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agtnt.
No. 1 Moatcomery street, San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUifI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. IS. 1899, trains will run as follows^
' ■ South-bound. • North-bound, i
Paasen- Mixed. - Mixed. • Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally.* Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily. ,
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 8:00 pm,'
»:l»am 2:05 pm ! Merced 11:40 pm 4:13 pn»
10:40 am S :25 pm, ' Fi<ssno . 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:46 am; 1:45 pmj
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am, 11:00 ami
11:69 amf 6:2spm' Vtsalla. «:40 am; 1:22 pnj.
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm] Tulare 5:60 am 1:05 pn%
Stopping; at intermediate points aa required. 1
For particulars of stage and other connections!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mnrkeil
strtt^ Sao Fry "<•{»<**- •' " ■ -"-
_
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NEWSPAPERS
AN ISSUE IN
LOCAL POLITICS
The Tribune Causes a
Sensation.
BOUQUETS FOR BOTH SIDES
REPUBLICANS ARRANGE TO
~~ STORM ~ NORTH OAKLAND.
Candidates Before the Peralta, Im
provement Club — The lade
pendents Ready to
Begin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; . . 90S .Broadway, Feb. 24.
The anti-press fever at Sacramento has
reached Oakland .and is cutting a promi
nent figure in the local campaign. Near
ly everybody who has yet made a speech
on the issues of the municipal fight has
had something- to say one way or the oth
er about the newspapers.
W. W. Foote and John I*. Davle last
night devoted a large portion of their time
at the Tabernacle to remarks about the
local and San Francisco papers and re
ferred to the fact that the leading Demo
' cratic organ in the State did not even,
mention that the Oakland Democracy was
to open its campaign. _
. To-night the Oakland Tribune, a Re
publican newspaper, created quite a sen
eation among politicians by publishing the
•following editorial introduction to itts re
.-port of the Democratic meeting:
On all lines of decency the Tribune Is a
Blanch Republican newspaper. -
In the municipal campaign now on It IB
anxious to transmit Its allegiance to the ticket
nominated by that party. - '•
■ The ticket is sufficiently rood and the party
majority here Is sufficiently large to Insure
a substantial victory next month.
1 False issues based upon personal feelings
should find no place In the Issues of the cam
paign, and yet this is being done by a.con
temporary. _
The Democratic party has no newspaper ad
vocate here. It held a convention in the reg-u-
Jar wav composed of the best material within
Its ranks. It nominated John L. Davle for
Mayor K. M. Clement for City Engineer.
Thomas F. Garrity for City Attorney, Edward
Hack»u for Auditor and other equally rep
utable gentlemen for other positions.
These gentlemen are all Independent, honest
men. "" We do not believe that any of them
will 'be '-bossed," nor do we believe that there
are any men or eet of men who are trying to
WWle^ajTwe have said, the Tribune's alle
giance belongs to the gentlemen on the Re
publican ticket, we violate no rule of party
j.ropriety In saying that the city will be safe In
the hands of either set of candidates.
The Tribune, being a newspaper, sues a run
end fair report of the Democratic meeting last
evening which was large and enthusiastic.
The denials of the candidates of the charges
made against them, which the Tribune knpws
to be false, were enthusiastically received
It should suggest something to the friends of
th : n l , t '. ! rih°a a t n plrsoSl vilification, willful
falsehood and false Issues should have no place
h eyTr l Xund to react In favor of the po
litlcal enemy. *
The Second Ward Republican Club has
' gent out notices for a rally at Milton Hall
next Tuesday evening. The president of
tl^ b h n^y 3 -of the Republican
candidates, headed by Auditor Snow and
City attorney Dow. addressed the Peral
•^T^urtWarWndependent Improve
ment Club held a meeting this evening
in Montana Hall at Adelaide station
Next Tuesday the club has invited th©
Democratic candidates to appear beforeit.
The Independents will also hold a meet-
Jng at Milton Hall in North Oakland next
Monday evening. _
MANY CANDIDATES OUT
FOR THE NOMINATIONS
REPUBLICAN CITY CONVENTION
MEETS TO-NIGHT.
Delegates Are Named and the Pro
ceedings Promise to Be Lively
and Interesting.
BERKELEY, Fpb. 24.— The Republican
city convention will be held in Shattuck
tHall to-morrow night. Final arrange
ments for the gathering were completed
at a special caucus of the City Central
Committee last night. Representation
.•will be limited -to twenty-one delegates
from each ward.
The exposure made in this morning's
Cell of a scheme on the part of certain
candidates for School Director to intro
duce a provision into the party platform
calling for the abolition of the office of
City Superintendent of Schools was the
chief topic of discussion to-day. While
there is an unusually keen competition
among the different candidates to secure
nominations, it is evident that the ques
tion of School Superintendent is to be the
vital one of the whole campaign, and
ehould such a provision be embodied in
the convention platform a split must in
evitably follow.
The Good Government Club has been
active In its opposition to the measure.
It is more than certain that the Independ
ent Taxpayers and the Non-Partisans will
seize upon this as a handle with which to
turn the right in their favor.
The number of candidates seeking nomi
nation is larger than ever before, and the
proceedings promise to be exceedingly in
teresting.
OAKLAND WATER RATES.
May Be- Fixed by Resolution Next
Monday Night.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— The Water Com
mittee of the City Council met to-night
and decided to hand in a resolution or
ordinance next Monday night, fixing the
•water rates for the next fiscal year. Mr.
Dingee has not appeared at any of the
sessions, and this evening he was repre
sented by Attorney Nusbaumer, who
stated that Mr. Dingee's sworn state
ment is on file and that, being out of
the water business, he does not see any
necessity for answering the summons of
the Council. This concluded the investi
gation and tho committee decided that,
having all the information it wanted, it
could prepare an ordinance or a resolution
and present it to the Council next Monday
night.
All depends on the will of the Council
•whether the rates are fixed by ordinance
or resolution. Should the committee pre
"pare a resolution, and should the Solid
Six remain intact, the whole business
could be transacted in a few minutes and
before any protest could be made. The
only member of the six, who is up 1 for
re-election, is Woodward, and there are
some who believe that he may change his
vote In an attempt to save his political
life. If an ordinance be presented, it will
go to print for ten days and there will be
ample time for the public to exploit it.
Auditor Snow appeared before the Fi
nance Committee and said that at" the
rate the Council is spending money, there
will be a deficit of $82,000 at the end of this
fiscal year. Heitmann said that the com
ing city election will cost twice as much
as any other city election and that, If car©
v.-ere observed, the High School Board
could receive the $4000 necessary to pre
vent it from closing. The Council prom
ised to do all In its power to prevent clos
ing the High School.
Photographs of paintings and
groups that are being finished to
commemorate ..he glorious deeds of
the war, in next Sunday's CalL
THOUGH HIS
ACCUSER, SHE
FORGIVES HIM
Sensation in the Trial
of J. W. Lynn.
ASSAULTED WIFE TESTIFIES
SAYS SHE DID NOT KNOW SHE
SIGNED COMPLAINT.
Mrs. Lynn Believes Her Husband
Was Insane When He Cruelly
Fired Five Bullets
Into Her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Feb. 24.
<?> "I certainly believe my husband <S»
<$> was Insane when he shot me five <i>
<3> times last February, and when I <$•
<$> signed the complaint charging 1 at- <S>
<8> tempted murder I did not know <i>
<s> what I was signing. I have no de- <§
<$> sire to prosecute him for the shoot- <S>
<$> Ing-, for I need his helping hand, •$>
<S> since I have no means of support 4>
<$> for myself and 9-year-old daugh- <3>
<S> ter."
The foregoing sensational statement
was uttered on th© witness stand by Mrs.
Martha Lynn on cross-examination at the
trial of her husband, John W. Lynn, this
afternoon, before a Jury In Judge Ogden's
court.
Mrs. Lyim had first recited the circum
stances of the shooting. On the morning
of February 1 of last year, alter husband
and wife had lived apart for several
years, Mr. Lynn called on his wife at her
home in this city. He asked her to come
and live with him again, but she refused.
"Then he told me to look at the man
crawling over the roof of the porch." said
witness. "I looked through the window,
and as I turned he shot me, rive bullets
taking effect."
Witness said she had been acquainted
with the accused for two years prior to
their marriage in New York, nearly thir-i
teen years ago; that she also knew his
mother, who was a patient in the Utlca
Insane Asylum, at a time when Lynn was
an attendant at the hospital; that Lynn
subsequently worked as a fireman in an
electric light works and was injured on
the head.
The accused man sat by his attorneys,
Hugh Aldrich and J. E. McElrath, close
ly following his wife's words, and fre
quently tears filled his eyes and rolled
down his cheeks.
When asked by Attorney Aldrich
whether she considered her husband sane
at the time of the shooting. Deputy Dis
trict Attorneys Harris and Samuels vigor
ously objected, and in order to adduce an
answer the defense then made Mrs. Lynn
their witness, which action the court
ruled permissible.
Mrs. Lynn explained that the Tuesday
prior to "the attempted murder her hus
band had met her in company with an
other man on Market street, San Fran
cisco. He said to her escort: "Do yoii
know that this is my wife?" and ordered
her to go home with him. On one occa
sion when Lynn was 111 he refused to take
medicine offered by witness because he
imagined she wanted to poison him.
When witness said it was her firm be
lief that Lynn was insane ever since he
attempted to murder her, she was asked
why she had signed the complaint.
"When I signed the first complaint re
plied Mrs. Lynn, "I had not read it and
did not know what I was signing. The
second complaint I was simply told to
sign and thought I had to sign it to c
no desire to prosecute him for the shoot
ine for I -ertainly need his helping hand,
as I nava no mplns of support .for my
self and my 9-year-old daughter. .
MaTy witnesses are to be examined,
and the witness fees already amount to
Lynn was insane.
SAYS SHE COULD NOT
HAVE HANGED HERSELF
DR. ROWELL TESTIFIES AT THE
TRIAL OF J. W. BRANDES.
Another Autopsy Physician Who
Says That Poor Little Lillian
Was Murdered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 24.
Dr Hubert Rowell of Berkeley Is quite
as much convinced that Lillian Brandes
was brutally murdered by her father as
is Dr Buteau. and he so testified on cross
examination to-day. The entire day was
occupied in pathological and hypothetical
questions asked by Attorney Bennett
Among other puzzling and protracted
questions asked was this:
"Doctor, if this girl had received on
Tuesday evening such a blow on the head
as you assume she did at some time re
ceive; from the condition of the body that
you saw. assuming that the girl hung
herself on the following Saturday morn
ing at 6 o'clock with a soft ligature to a
bedpost and thereof died, would not the
symptoms of hanging in that case have
was quite equal to the occasion
and renlied- "I don't see that it would
alter the case at all. Death by hanging
is death by hanging wherever you hnd it.
And we would expect to find some of the
symptoms of death by hanging, no mat
ter how badly the girl had been hurt pri-
m Dr. i ßowiell also explained that, strange
as It might seem, cases of meningitis and
shock have been known where the pa
tients have gone about several days and
were suddenly taken with chills and died.
"Meningitis is progressive," said Dr.
Rowoll. "The membranes become more
and more involved until the patient is no
longer able to stand up."
In answer to a question put by Juror E.
A. Randlett, Dr. Rowell testified that Lil
lian Brandes' physical condition was such
that she could not have hanged herself.
Dr. F. H. Payne, also of Berkeley, who
had witnessed the autopsy, was next
called, and on direct examination testified
along the same lines as his predecessors;
but to the surprise of all the defense ex
cused witness without any cross-examin
ation.
The trial will be resumed next Tuesday
morning.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 24.— The young la
! dies of the University of California basket
! ball team are to play against Mills Col
! lege to-morrow. The game is to come off
■ In the Harmon gymnasium on the unl
i versity campus.
H. S. Robinson '00^ J. M. Mannon '99, W.
! N. Martin '00, C. E. Thomas '99 and W.
\V. Spaulding '99 have been appointed a
committee by the Students' Congress of
I the university to consider the advisability
! of forming a debating union similar to
; the one organized at Oxford University.
J. Lloyd White's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late J. Lloyd White, who
met his death during the burning of the
Baldwin Hotel, was Hied yesterday. The
estate, which consists of real and personal
property, stocks and bonds, together with
his stable, is valued at $52,466 82. It was
thought that the deceased was worth
at least $250,000, but such has not proven
to be the caso.
Keith's, Phelan building, opening: milli
nery. Everybody welcome. Come all. •
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
SHAFTER TELLS
OF THE FALL
OF SANTIAGO
The General Lectures
in Oakland.
BEEF WAS NOT EMBALMED
DEFENDS THE REPORT OF THE
WAR COMMISSION.
Provisions Were Neither Scant Nor
Spoiled— Heroic Work of the
Surgeons of the Ameri
can Army.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— General Shatter
delivered a most Interesting historical
lecture to-night, before an enthusiastic
audience at the First Unitarian Church,
on "The Campaign in Cuba." His address
was entirely free from any and all ai
tehipts at flowery speech making or
vainglory effusion, and was in the lan
guage of a soldier, who had seen battle
and felt proud because It had proved a
victory for the country under whose flag
he fought* as a general.
The speaker recited at length the move
ment of the American army from the
time It left the United States for Cuba,
touching briefly upon the battles of El
Caney, San Juan and tne capture of San
tiago, until it returned to the camp at
Point Montauk.
"The simplicity of the campaign," said
General Shafter, "Is what made It seem so
easy. It was simply a matter of getting:
ashore and fighting.
The speaker paid a glowing tribute to
General Joe Wheeler, referring to him as
an ex-Confederate general, "but withal
one of my most faithful and efficient gen
erals, a most loyal and excellent man."
"You have heard something of the In
humanity of the army doctors. I tell" you
there is not a word of truth in it. They
were brave fellows, too. Out of 1400 men
who were shot only thirteen died of
wounds. Never before In the history of
warfare has there been so slight a loss
of life. There was but one capital opera
tion. It seemed as though, as long as a
man was not shot through the head or
heart, he recovered."
General Shafter also denied the- criti
cism -of short rations. "Rations were not
so short," continued the speaker, "unless
some one was too lazy to go after them.
Men had hard bread, meat, sugar and cof
fee, and at no time except the first night
were rations short.
"You have heard of the poor provisions.
There are several frontiersmen present
here to-night and you know what it la to
open canned meat In the sun when It Is
120 in the shade. That It was unfit for
food Is not so."
In conclusion the speaker appreciated
the War Commissions report which viewed
with satisfaction the fact that the result
of the campaign was the realization ot
the objects contemplated, and all with ao
little loss. .
"I think we should be hapy in the suc
cess of this war; that we should pat each
other on the back instead of calling each
other hard names. The victory Is too glo
rious to mar it by any little petty differ
ences that might have cropped out In the
campaign.  . .
"The question now resolves itself, what
to do with that which we captured, but
this does not affect me as a soldier; but
as an American citizen I should not like
to see a foot of ground captured by the
blood of our men ever given up.
A SUICIDE'S COMPLAINT.
Tailor Broman Accused His Wife of
Hounding Him to Death.
On the person of Frank Augustus Bro
man. who killed himself in Union Park
yesterday morning by shooting himself in
the head with a pistol, was found a letter
written at his request by a friend, the ,
agent for a Scandinavian newspaper
published in Minneapolis. The letter stat
ed that in 1882 Broman's wife, by threats
of having him arrested, forced him to
marry her. He alleged that she was an
unfaithful wife to him and that by her ,
abuse she made life miserable for him.
He finally left her and opened a tailor
shop at 713% Bush street and had not seen
nor heard of her for some time previous
to his death. .
On the Bth of the present month Judge
Bahrs issued an order that Broman pay
his wife $3 per week for her maintenance.
Mrs. Broman called at the Coroner's >of
fice yesterday afternoon and denied all
the allegations made against her by her
husband. She said that she had been a
goo 4 and true wife to him, but that he
was a drunkard and had abused and neg
lected her and their children.
» ♦ ■ •
GERTRUDE
ATHERTON
Tells What She Thinks
of
THE SENATE AND
WASHINGTON SOCIETY
In Next Sunday's Call.
Lvi Leong Charged With Murder.
Coroner Hill Issued a warrant yester
day for the arrest of Lvi Leong for the
nnirder of Ah Quai Yeong, a Chinese girl
19 years old.
"Wong Toy and his wife testified at the
inquest that they lived on the lower floor
of No. 22, and that on February 9th of
this year they hoard screams proceeding
from"the upper floor and hurried upstairs.
They saw Lvi Leong in the woman's room
beating the woman in the pit of the sto
mach. After he had struck her three
times Leong saw the witnesses and ran
out of the room.
The jury returned a verdict charging
Leong with the murder.
.-•-. .
Poolroom Men Arrested.
The police are keeping up the crusade
against pool-sellers and yesterday Offi
cers Tyrrell and Esola arrested Con Dal
ton of'Broyer & Glynn, Fourth and Mis-.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET THE GENUINE.
Hunyadi J&nos
NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
Blon streets; George Williams, with Perry
& Co., 269 Stevenson street; James Tada
caclous, with Broyer & Glynn. 276 Steven
son street; John Connelly, with Dunn &
Co., 206 Stevenson street, and George
Smith, Fourth and Market streets. They
were released on giving- cash bail.
WITH GUN AND ROD.
Midwinter- anglers have about given up
all hope of enjoying even a fair day's
sport with steelheads this year. The dry
season has, In the language of the pug,
knocked them out. A few fish are to be
found in the deep pools near Point Rey-f
and that enthusiastic angler, James vyUt
("the doc."), succeeded in landing alow
nice grilse last Saturday, by artiste
spoon casting. The "doc" will try his
luck again to-day and he is of the opin
ion that a fly neatly put to the king of
fresh water game fishes, will return fa
vorable result*. ' .
Al Cumming received a telegTam from
Salmon Creek on Thursday evening that
a large run of striped bass had workod
their passage from the salt Into the fresh
water and that they were causing the
water to boil In the deep and sluggish
pools of the creek. Cumming and a friend
left this city on Friday fully prepared to
give Mr. and Mrs. Bass a warm recep
tion.
On Tuesday next sportsmen will oil and
put awnjr their guns for the season — that
Is. so far as the shooting 1 of game birds is
concerned.
Bert Weyman, the rear admiral of the
Black Jack Gun Club, has purchased a
handsome gasoline launch 28 feet in length
and capable of traveling 11 knots per hour.
The admiral intends to use the craft dur
ing summer months for pleasure trips on
the bay. and when next year's duck snoot
ing Is In season, the launch will be usrrd
to convey the members of the Black Jack
Gun Club from Antioch to their hunting
castle on Sherman Island.
The Emeric-Roose preserve, near San
Pablo, will be a thins of joy forever when
the improvements contemplated are fin
ished. It is proposed to construct several
ponds on the preserve, which will be sup
plied with fresh water from artesian
wells. These ponds will be fed a la Cor
delia Club, Sulsun, and when the bay
water fowls find good drinking and eat
ing- near their daily loafing grounds on
the bay, they w.lll visit the San Pablo
demesne in preference to taking a long-
Journey up country.
The Empire Gun Club will hold a grand
open to all handicap pool and class mer
chandise shoot on tne Empire grounds at
Alameda Point on Sunday, March 12. com
mencing at 10 o'clock. The events will be
a 10-blrd, unknown angles, handicap race:
20-bird Magautrap handicap race; 10-blrd
and 15-blrd races, same conditions; high
guns to win.
The South End Gun Club and Golden
Gate Gun Club held a Joint meeting, Feb
raury 20. and It was rwoived to call the
two clubs th© Union Gun Club. The offi
cers elected were. President: E. S.
Mlchelssen ; vice president, A. Melltz;
secretary-treasurer, T. I* Lewis; captain,
Richard Itgen.
The ' club shoots will be held on the
fourth Sunday of each month.
GREAT COURSING EVENT
AT INGLESIDE PARK
PROBABLE WINNERS OF THE
FIRST RUN DOWN.
Champion Dogs From Eastern States
to Run Against Bread-Win
ners of California.
The directors of the Ingleslde Coursing
Club have concluded at last to make
much needed improvements In the park
where thousands of dollars have been
won and lost.
Good Judging, faultless slipping and ex- i
cellent hares, are the three things which
have made Ingleslde Park the favorite
place of amusement of the thousands of
pleasure seekers who have a predilection
for coursing. Weekly the crowds grow
larger, and consequently space is at a
premium on Sunday afternoons, when the
game is in full blast. It is with the ob
ject of giving- the patrons of . coursing
something better than "elbow room" that ;
the park officials contemplate extensive
improvements. They are very well pleas
ed that there is another park in existence
within easy distance of the city, as under
the present conditions they could not at
tempt to accommodate the many people
who have become educated to the grant
old game.
It will be no easy matter to handle
the immense gathering of sport lovers
who will witness the great one-hundrtM
dog stake match, which will be lnaugu
rated to-day and finished on Sunday.
Count yon Halpln says that there Is no
such word as fail and that the great
meeting will be recorded in the coursing
history of the State as being the mos
successful and interesting affair of it
kind that has been attempted since in
closed coursing was introduced. The
count's opinion cannot be gainsaid.
John Churlton, secretary of the Ameri
can Coursing Board, will run for the first
time his grand bitch Dolly Varden, and
some anxiety will prevail among the bet
ting fraternity, as she is drawn in the
stake to meet H. Lynch*! very fast younif
bitrh Lottie M. Another new one to ap- j
ficar on this occasion will be E. M. Kel
ogg's lowa Boy. Coursing 1 men can n-st
nssured that this aspirant for honors will
be brought to slips as fit as a fiddle.
Russell and Wilson nre running a pair
of real good ones, namely. Lady Herscholl
and Lady Emma. The latter bitch. Imme
diately after arriving here two weeks ago,
hit the talent so hard that the boys are
not likely to forget her name lor some
time.
Handy nnd Smith are running a string
of corkers: greyhounds that have won
stakes both in Eastern meetings and in
California. Smith and Sweeney, thf-ir
trainers, never run a dog until he is right.
A. Massey has a pair that the wise ones
will have to look out for— that Is, the old
reliable and several times stake winner
Hadowlst, the other one being his grand
performor Llghtfoot, a bitch that has set
many prizes in the East to her credit.
A. "L. Sears is in with another good one
named Hotstuff.
In the run-down of the stake there are
openings for the knowing ones to fall in
deou. |On Grizzle will doubtless sell on
the short end In her race against Eclipse,
but if the dog is in anything like good
shape he is very liable to raise a flag.
The courses which readers of The Call
should have a care in playing are Nog. 1,
5 9 11, 18, 31, 32, 38, 40 and 44. Doubtless
several dogs that will figure as favorites
in the betting and whose names will ap
pear on the card opposite the foregoing
numbers may see their Waterloo. Bet
ting on hound racing can be made profit
able only by keeping track of the past
performances of the dogs and the condi
tion which they are in when handed to
the slipper. Last Saturday The Call
missed only four races out of the large
number that figured in the run-down and
tho Sunday tips were also successful in i
a grent measure.
In the run-down of to-day s Dig stake
the winners should be:
Eclipse, Twin City Girl, Black Hawk.
Motto. L. S. Conlev, Luxor Petronlus.
Brilllantlne. Royal Oak. Fireball, Flash
light, Mt. Beauty. Silkwood, Master Mat,
Tea Rose, Miss Alice, Lawrence, Pastime,
Martha Washington, Dauntless, beldom,
Armagh Lass, Prinas? of Fashion, Fear
Not, Statesman. Jennie Wilson. Hado
wist, Billy Gladstone. Magnetto, Maud 3.,
Matchless, Mystic Maid. Lottie M., Semi
nole Lady Emma, Las Palmas. Sunburst,
Sylvia, Rosebud, Prince George, Glen
Chloe. Victor Queen, Rocket and Flying
Faster.
TWO CYCLONES
DEALT DEATH
Awful Loss of Life in
New Guinea.
ENTIRE VILLAGES DESTROYED
OUTSIDE WORLD APPEALED TO
FOR ASSISTANCE.
The Hurricane Plows Up a Prehis
toric Graveyard of Human ■
Giants and Mammoth
Beasts.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
VANCOUVER, Feb. 24.—"Unfortun
ate New Guinea. She has been de
vastated by two terrific cyclones which |
I have filled the land with horrors. The I
j inhabitants are in sore distress. Moth- ■■
I ers have sold their children into slavery
to buy food. Hundreds are on the j
verge of starvation. We must have j
j help."
So writes the Rev. Dr. Brown, gen
| eral secretary of the Foreign Mission
ary Society, stationed at New Guinea.
His story of the terrible conditions pre
vailing in the cyclone-swept land is
told fully in the mail advices brought
yesterday by the steamship Miowera.
Dr. Brown says now that details
of the destruction caused by the cy
clones are coming to hand he is more
than ever convinced New Guinea na
tives must receive assistance from the
outside world or die like dogs. The
furious elements leveled the native Huts
by thousands, and in some instances
whole rows of houses, sometimes a
hundred at a time, went down like lines
of balanced dominoes pushed to their
fall by a child's hand. During the first
cyclone trees falling or flying through
the air caused the death of many, while
a steady avalanche of uprooted timbers
kept tumbling down the mountain sides
on unprotected villages with their frail
houses. Dr. Brown writes:
It was simply a Niagara of twisted tree
: trunks, tangled roots and huge rocks
I which leveled to the ground more than
[ one promising village. By this avalanche
! scores of native converts were crushed to
death, while all the banana and yam gar- j
dens were destroyed, thus cutting off the ;
natives' means of subsistence. New
born rivers are now rushing and roaring
where life-sustaining yams a short time ;
ago grew in abundance.
"We have no time for prayers." say my
converts to me. "We can only look at
our ruined huts and cry."
All the churches and schoolhouses were
blown down. All the mission boats were ;
i sunk at their moorings or blown out to j
I sea~ I have counted twenty-flve vessels |
i lost off this coast during the cyclones and
I hundreds of natives were killed by fall
ing trees and terrible mountain ava- ;
lanches. Some of the converts were so
appalled by the disaster that they, have :
! gone back to the old religion and customs.
Mothers are again selling their children
into slavery for food to keep life in them.
In one instance a native mother traded
three of her young children for a 14-year
old boy who could help her in the struggle
; for existence.
Dr. Brown says the hurricane did one
particularly strange thing. In its mad
pranks it plowed up a prehistoric |
graveyard in the valley of the Sagania
River The natives informed the doctor
j they had found skulls of great size In
I the pits laid bare by the cyclone. Some |
i had long hair and all were suggestive ,
;of ages long ago. The bones of animals :
; of a kind never before seen or heard
of in New Guinea were exposed. They
had apparently been buried beside the ;
! human kings of a forgotten race.
CONCATENATED ORDER
OF THE HOO HOO
BLACK CAT HOLDS HIGH REVEL
AT AN INITIATION.
Candidates Inducted Into the Mys
teries of the Nine Lives of
the Somber Feline.
The Concatenated Order of the Hoo Hoo I
held its first Initiation of the Hoo Hoo I
year Thursday night in Encampment ;
Hall, Odd Fellows' building. The ceremo- |
nies of the order, which are most unique, j
commenced at 7:30 o'clock and it was j
! after 11 p. m. before the last of the eight- !
een candidates was taken into the. mystlo j
' circle and the black cat, which had hel.d
high carnival during the ceremonies, had
! given its last meow.
At the close of the ceremonies the thir
ty-seven ancient and respected Hoo Hoos,
i together with the eighteen novices, went
to a restaurant on Market street, where
they partook of an elaborately prepared
bHriquet, at which C. J. Church, the
snark, presided. While the vow of silence
prohibited the new members of the order
! from expressing their feelings, they lls
| tened to responses on other topics which
' the snark suggested. Those who respond
i ed were: S. L. Everett, A. Kendall, Nat
Harris, J. J. Logic, Walter Sutton and S.
: J. Hendy, and Arthur J. Kennedy favored
with excellent vocal selections.
Hoo Hoo is a society of lumbermen and
those connected most closely with them in j
business relations and numbers about six !
• thousand members throughout the United
' States and Canada. It was founded in
1592 and bases its ceremonies upon the !
; black cat with its nine lives. About six !
hundred men on this coast are enrolled ,
among the worshipers of the great Hoo |
Hoo, and the order is epjoying the great
est of prosperity, both financially and so
cially.
The badge of the Hoo Hoo consists of a
small button bearing upon its face the
I mystic black cat, with curled tail, with a
: white background. The officers are nine
! in number and are called the Snark, the
; senior Hoo Hoo, the junior Hoo Hoo, the
! bojum, jabberwock, custoeatton, scriven
i otor. gurdon and arcanoper. Among j
i prominent members of the order resident j
in this city are Charles Johnson of the I
Union Lumber Company, George D. Gray
of the prominent firm of Gray & Mitchell,
C. J. Church of Crane Company, S. L.
Everett of the Pacific Coast Wood and
Iron, J. J- Loggle of McKay & Co., Man
ager Bender of the Pacific Lumber Com
pany. President Christenson of the Retail
Lumber Dealers' Association, and many
others.
■_■ » ■
TWO SKIPPERS SUSPENDED.
Captains Driscoll and Smith Blamed
for a Tugboat Collision.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, United
States Local Inspectors of Steam Ves
sels, yesterday filed their decision In the
matter of the collision between the tugs
Sea Queen and Mlllen Griffith on Febru
ary 7 They held that Captain Driscoll of
the Millen Griffith and Captain I. L.
Smith of the Sea Queen were equally
blamable for the collision, because they
neglected to blow the danger signals and
to stop and back. Their licenses were sus
pended for thirty days. The damage dono
was estimated at $250.
Service on the lowa.
About two hundred Christian Endeav
orers went out to the battleship lowa last
night to attend a service under the aus
pices of the Christian Endeavor Society
of Calvary Presbyterian Church.
The service 'opened with a scriptural
reading and prayer by Rev. M. James,
followed by an address of welcome by
Rev. F. Brown, chaplain of the lowa,
and a response by Dr. John HemphiU.
Other addresses were made by O. C.
Wheeler, chaplain at Mare Island, Fred
Hunt and Mr. Eden. Music wa^ furnished
by a male quartet, consisting of D. L«w
rence, E. C. Gilbert. B. Mcbougald and
A. S. Johnson. The service closed with a
benediction by Rev. E. A. Dugan.
CYCLISTS AND THEIR TRAINERS
Hale Pays His Debts and Now Aron
son May Be Arrested.
Teddy Hale, the ex-champion cyclist,
had his case dismissed by Judge Graham
yesterday, as he was man enough to see
that his trainers were paid the money he
promised them.
Oscar Aronson, the cyclist who won
the second prize, will also probably be ar
rested to-day. Yesterday " K }?*'L S. y ?«;
his trainer, applied to Judge Graham for
a warrant for Aronson's arrest, a.s ne
had reason to believe he intended lea\ing
the city without paying him. Kyan said
that Aronson had agreed to give him
$100, but as West, Miller's trainer, was
called in to assist on the fifth day. Aron
son refused to give the $100 but offered
to make it $50. Now he refuses to pa>
anything. The Judge said he would issue
the warrant to-day.
CHINESE MURDERER ARRESTED
Wong Duey Caught in Siskiyou Coun
ty After Six Months.
The murderer of Wong Ktm Chee In ths
Washington-street Theater in August
last has been arrested In Yreka, Siskiyou
County, by Detective Ed Gibson, and will
be brought to this city to-day. He is
Wong Duey. a cousin of the murdered
The murder was a cold-blooded one.
The victim was in the theater when the
assassin and several friends came up be
hind and l.c was shot in the back, in
the confusion the murderer escaped. Be
fore Wong Kirn Chee died he made a
statement that Wong Duey, his cousin,
had shot him, and since then the police
have been looking for him. It was lea.rnea
that he was in Siskiyou Coiinty. and Gib
son was sent to arrest him.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
oojxdiv >C 'Ju<u;-> v' V Mrs G B Robinson, RI
G Btodda'rt, Philadel Miss 8 Barnes, R I
J M Helghe. Balto Miss M S Bauer, R I
Mrs J M Heighe, Bait A D Mallory, 111
B G Gastle. Ohio IJ 6 Woolman. N I
H Lindley, Cal Mrs J S Woolman. NT
G J Cochran, L Ang |Mrs T J Field, Cal
auv 'I nJtnßqHsuis o C Llppincott.N 1
E H Mote. Florida ' i Mrs C Lippin.cott. N V
R R rrandall. U S NjH B Fairbank, Cal
?' ' S McCullough, I Raymond & Whit-
Illlnbil comb excursionists
A. ;rown, Utah F H Ward,
F H Johnson. Chgb ; E N Blue.
F H Mason, Spokane J H Stromyer,
G H Bayne, Spokane J H Llpplnoott,
J B Pruecet. Mont Miss E Lippincott,
D Frank, Red Bluff Miss Eleanor Lippm-
G Strahn. N V I cott,
T S Clark, Pa |C R Chapman,
Mrs T S Clark. Pa j Mrs C R Chapman.
Mrs C Lippincott, Pa J Lambert,
Miss Lippincott &mald Mrs J Lambert,
Philadelphia J H Lambert,
J Hutzen, Pa Major F F Cortis,
G B Frutzlus. Pa W M Williard,
B W Davis, Ohio W H Campbell,
J C Armstrong, Ohio S H Wing,
H P Smith, Boston Mrs J Derringer,
J R Patton, San Jose i Mrs A Falsteth,
R Watson, Berkeley I Miss M Falsteth,
E Barncwltz, Cal I H D Falsteth,
G B Katzenstein, Cal I W J Newenschwander,
C Frledberg, Ohio ! Mrs W J Newen-
D T Perkins, Cal schwander,
G G Belcher, Oakland ! Miss M T Wells,
H L Slader, R Island Miss T M Wells,
Mrs H L Slader, R I Mies J R Passavent.
Miss E J Green, R 1 1 Miss E V Passavent,
Mrs O W Wells. R I W Knowles,
G B Robinson, Rl ' ; Mrs W Knowles,
GRAND HOTEL.
G Lane & w, Utah 2 D Carmen. St Paul
F Brown, Ind W R Forman. Anttoch
J Oilman, S Barbara A H Randall. S Jose
G L Faulkner, Salinas Miss M Moore. R Blurt
P F Martin, Cal H J Pfluger, L Ang
r " X ("adman, Pinole P W Gates, Vacaville
Mips M Duncan. N V W R Perry, Vacaville
B D Everett. Cal E. Wnlt. Sacto
E L Hnmblin. N Mcx M Biggs Jr. Orovllle
V W Foster, Chgo C H Toll. L Ang
B E Davis, Boston T R Gibson & w. Cal
\V Tiahel, Germany :Dr Stephen, Petaluma
\\~ F Pope, Napa IW C Coney. Auburn
P E Carter. L Ang [A D Mallory. Batavla
D Daly. Or C T Gilger. S Rosa
W E Newton. Chgo IJ W Smith. Stockton
T Du'nsmulr & w, B C F Phlscatbr & w. Ba-
H W Wallis. Portland roda
H Martin & w. Kans CIA H Horton. L Ang
J D Bogan, Butte |I W Hall. Portland
II P Richardson & w, ID F Randolph, Cal
Milwaukee H R MoNoble. Stktn
W A M^Gulre. S Cruz \V A Spinks, Chgo
H W T olters & w. Honlu I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Gordan, Boston [E de Valle, Cal
F Davis, Sacto J Mulroy, S Jose
W Matthews. Portland-! P F Martin. S Jose
E Hornung & w, Cal R T Williams. Mont
J Sleepor. S Ana |G Corehay. St Helena
T Mullentx. S Ana IR Cadigan, w & 2 c,
Mrs Roberts. S Diego Chicago
B Stein, Merced A R Moulton, Reno
R Bryant, Meroed P McCann, Texas
H Payne. Stockton Miss Dibble, Cal
T Hllliard, Stockton P Martha & w, Colo
■ ♦ ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 24.
Btmr Zealandla, Dowdell, 31 days from Ma
nila, v.a Nagasaki 21 days.
fitmr Coquille River, Thompson, 80 hours from
Tlllamook Bay.
Schr Guide. Olsen. 3 days from Coos Bay.
FAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
•corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1 621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
litfi Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2."2<> Mission strept: open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. <*i*af9%^
I. O. O. F.— THIS KVEXI.STjJHBjft
third degree will be conferred. «KBRyO
A. K. KINGSFORD, "D. M. ■*awBP~
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at th>ir office,
827 Market St.. San Francisco. California on-
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March.
1899. at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur- '
pose of electing: a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, anil the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office, 327 Market St., San Fran^'sco. Call-
fornia. • .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
: BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
; city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
I CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hart man Paint Co., 319 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 90 (fifty
cents per ' share)' of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after WED-
NESDAY, March 1, 1599.
Transfer books will close on Thursday
' February 23, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
AS housekeeper by experienced woman; age 29-
-speaks French and English; good seamstress
and good cook; any kind of position; no
triflers; country preferred. Address 1906
Stockton st. _
YOUNG lady wishes situation In small family
to do light housework and care of child; kind
treatment more than wages; country Dre-
erred. 1109 Florida st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework, with many years' refer-
ences. Call at 2689 Mission st., near Twenty-
third. ■ *
DRESSMAKING— Children's"^ dresses babies'
wardrobe, by the day or at home; send pos-
tal. Address 178 Clinton Park, bet. Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth, near Valencia.
A FRENCH woman wishes a few more places
by the day. washing or cleaning; beat refer-
ences. MME. TACY. 342 San * Carlos aye
between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position to
do general housework or to keep house for a
respectable family, or work by the day Ad-
dress 137 Third st., room 18. . " '"•>."
WANTED-By lady of culture, position of
trust, or head housekeeper In private family
box »4 cm° USe: refe " nCeS BiVen -. Address
RESPECTABLE elderly lady wishes work- will
take low pay for nice home, or will work as
housekeeper;. no objection to children Please
call at 20 Allen st., off Hyde, near Unloh
RESPECTABLE American woman wants dor!
tlon in gentleman's home -as housekeeper 7
capable of- taking full . charge; Oakland or
nee? r OakS erred - b ° X 411 ' c2u o?-
RESPECTABLE Norwegian girl desires ,ii,, D
.' house; best of references. Apply. Bs6 Mjssfon *•'
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
AS housekeeper by neat, elderly widow; good
A cook" washing, housecleanlng, taking care
chUdren^ reference; wages $10. 341 Minna st.
qwFDISH also American cooks, best of ref-
S Se/ desfre situations. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY competent working housekeep-
er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
postals; best references. _____
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; also work at home. 209
Eddy st. ,__
YOUNG lady residing In interior town desires
position in city: light work: good references.
Address E. H.. Box 1780, CmXL
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housew-rk; will come at tow wages.
Address 3128 Clementina st.
! MIDDLE-AGED lady from Germany desires
position as working housekeeper to German
gentleman or elderly couple; no children.
• Call 1026% Washington st., in forenoon till
11 o'clock and after 5 p. m.
COOK and second girl desire positions in the
same house or separate: city or country: best
of reference if required. Call at 619 Eighth
St.. Oakland. _
i YOUNG girl wishes a place as waitress in
restaurant or help In kitchen. Address 17E
Sixth, room 4. -. :*■■"■;■■!.•'
WANTED— By intelligent and refined lady, po-
sition as companion or to wait on Invalid; city
reference. Box 320, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do hor, ..
work in American family. Address or csUt
150 Cook st; Geary-st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by day
or week. Box 322, Call office.
WORKING housekeeper to gentlemen; no ob-
Jectlon to 2 or 3 children. Box 342. Call office.
~ SITUATIONS . ANTED— MAX.B.
I A— WESTERN "Labor Bureau, 541 - Clay st., tel ,
Green 6SI, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 41414 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
SITUATION wanted by a young man. to take
care of place; can drive, milk, do plain car-
penter's work, repair harness and be gener-
ally useful; good references. Address H. O.
. JOHNSON.' box 325, Call office.
RETURNED from Manila, P. I.; want portion
some kind; Al references; would like to get
into some wholesale business house: no bad
habits; not afraid of work; good all-around
man. JOHN W. RANDALL, box 438, Call.
NEAT young man desires a position as chore-
man, general utility man or indoor servant in
a private family, hotel or store; best of ref-
erences. Address C. P., in care of Messrs.
Hlnrichsen & Meinert, 201 Montgomery aye.
YOUNG man, 23, iof good habits, wishes posi-
tion: understands horses; has done porter
work In wholesale houses; can furnish refer-
. ences. Address box 338, Call office.
GERMAN, 35, wants position as porter or bed-
maker in institution; understands house, car-
pet and window cleaning; references. Box
435, Call office.
A MAN and wife want positions on ranch or
mining camp; both steady and reliable. Ad-
dress or call 371 Minna st.
MAN would work by the day or by the yard
. cleaning carpets on floor. Call or address
800 Eddy st. .
REFINED young man of experience would Ilka
position as nurse., attendant or companion to
an Invalid. Address box 145, Call office.
SOBER, honest, reliable, single, middle-aged
man. having 3 years' reference, wants work
at anything. Box 436, Call office.
JAPANESE first-class butler, thoroughly com-
petent, desires ' position; best references.
BUTLER. Box 340, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener; steady man; will bo
generally useful. Address UNO, box 318, CalL
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker and salesman de-
sires position. Box 676, Petaluma.
GOOD all-around painter and paper-hanger will
( work cheap. Box 337. Call office.
ENGINEER, young and active, used to most
any kind of engine and machinery; also pipe-
fitting; will go anywhere; first-class refer-
I ences. Box 323, Call office.
! YOUNG" man desires position in wholesale
i house or to drive wagon. Apply 24 Lafayette.
I SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; coun-
try or city. Address 518 Linden aye.
WANTED — Situation as hostler or gardener.
Apply 118 Eddy St., room 9;
GARDENER desires situation: Industrious,
temperate, polite, understands milking,
chickens; careful driver; wages, $20 per
month ; references. Address box 312, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAATKI) KKJIALi;.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman as house-
. keeper; country; widower; $12 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $40; lunch waitress, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
3 COOKS, German style, $25,; $30 and $35. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German second girl, $20 per month; .
2 ranch cooks, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
GIRL for candy store. $8 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. ■
GIRL, light housework, 2 In family. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
PROTESTANT waitress and parlormaid, $25
per month; 2 in family. Apply early to
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, sleep home, $15 per month; 3
waitresses, $20 and $25. MISS. CULLEN, 325
Sutter et.
GERMAN housekeeper, $20 per month: 3 gen-
tlemen. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _
NX"RSEGIRL, easy place, 1 child. $10 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30, city: cook, Stockton, $25;
Auburn $25, Belvedere $25; 15 housework girls,
city and country. $20 and $25; 8 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SECOND girl, Alameda, $20; 3 second girls,
city, $20 and $25; 3 nursegirls, $25, $20 and $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS"
6 waitresses for country, $20; 2 waitresses,
city, $20: chambermaid to wait, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids for country. $15: German cook, San
Rafael, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
NURSERY governess; one who can teach Eng-
lish branches, music and either German or
French; see lady here at 10 a. m. to-day; $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, $30; German cook, $20; German cook
for San Rafael, $25, see lady here; house girl,
Modesto, $20, see lady here: German, girl to
assist housework and care baby, $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. _
WAITRESS and seamstress, $25; German sec-
ond Ctrl, $20; 4 cooks In American and Ger-
man families. $25 and $30; girls for house-
work. Granitevllle, $30: Mountain View, $25;
Holllster. $20; Santa Clara, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $5 and $6 week; and a great many
girls to fill city situations. J, F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, first-class country hotel, $20;
waitresses, different country hotels, $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
YOUNG girl to assist lady: $10: sleep home.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook for private hospital, $30. sleep
home; German or French nurse to travel, $20;
French second girls, $20 and $15. LEON AN-
DRE, 316 Stockton st.
I WANTED— A girl for general housework, must
be a good cook; also a second girl who is a
good waitress; location short distance from
city. Apply in evening after 7:30 o'clock
room 209, Occidental Hotel. :
WANTED— ;A German nurse girl to care for
two children and assist In light duties Imme-
diately. Apply 26 Turk st.
NEAT German girl to assist in housework.
Call at Bennett's Tannery. 1629 San Bruno
road.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work. Apply between 9 and 12 at 2422 Clay.
OPERATORS on custom pants. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady for two In family. Call
548 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper: state salary ex-
pected. Address box 146. Call office.
GIRL to do light -Housework;, sleep home. 218
Chattanooga st. .
BRIG young girl to assist with housework
and baby. 817 Page st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In light
housework. 1033 Union st.
G i£^ i or housework; family. Apply at
161S Stelner st.
LA X d S> v Bklrt operators wanted. KRAKER.
226 Bush st: take elevator.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
good home. 377 Shotwell St., near Eighteenth.
YOUNG girt for upstairs work. 1207 Gpueb st.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking. I? 07
Gough ', st. • : .. " • -
EXPERIENCED Bklrt hands on cording
_ finishing. Apply 623 Market st., roomj : ___.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machine* on
Pig B™,l8 ™, 1 S REENEBAUM - WEIL & MICB-
■ &L.3, 531 Mission at.HELP W. _NTE.iJ— Continued.
m YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics In
the country: good salary. Apply between
li and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st. - «
GERMAN girl, good cook and baker; $25. 10 to
)'■: a.- in., Grove st.
!._.».! ti a.\ i_i»- —
[: C. R. HANsS^£_Col^^*rJF*OTelOrintl MB
Head cook, $S0; second cook. ?6<J.
. . Head cook, $60; second cook, $40. for coun-
• .- '• }ry hotel.
Cook tor railroad eating house. $50; cook,
restaurant, $io. Wafflem*—, country hotel, $35
anti Iree rare. Dishwashers, vegetablemen and
others. C. K. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
• ; CAMP cook for a railroad camp, $50 and free
"'."- ' Ore. ' C - R " HAXSEX & CQ - 10 Geary st.
i EXPERIENCED dry goods clerk country store,
--. •*-., $6 °- C - R - HAXSI^' & CO.. 104 Geary st.
•" .„ "PAINTER and paper hanger and do kalsomin-
'•ing for springs, . iSj, found; se«i boss here. C.
y R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
. HOUSEMAN for springs. $25 and found: see
... -boas here. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., KM Geary.
.. WOODSMEN, coal miners and laborers for I
-" " .mine and woods; see boss here. Driver for a
-• *• milk wagon, $35 and found. Drill sharpener j
for a. railroad •unit, $1 a day and board.
Rough oar enter for ... ranch, $1 a day and j
i • '. board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
LAUNDRY foreman for a hotel plant, $50. C
•••R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
• lAOXER for _ hotel laundry, country, $40 and
- . . found and free fare. C. R. HANSEN _ CO
• . 104 Geary st.
.. • MURRAY. _ READY .....Phone Main 6S4S
.• . • Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
•.' '• ' Want to-day !
.: =, S3 more woedchoppers, $1 50, $1 cord; 96 tie-
••. /. -makers. Be, 9c and 12c each; 12 farmhands. I
. ; —*25, $20 an.l $15 and found; c laborers to work
• ;°- In ■ hop Held and yard, $30- private family i
■■■ : "rrr*n. se* boss here; stablemen, $25 and found;
, -.■ ..-German cabinet maker. MURRAY ._ READY
'.-•; =634 and 636 Clay st.
• - : 6 COOKS, $25 to $45 4 waiters, $25;
; -1 .baker, $30 and found. MURRAY & READY.
; . 634 and 63$ Clay st.
MAN with some experience In carriage shop;
. see boss here. MURRAY i READY. 634 and
• «36 Clay st.
WANTED— Seven American, German or Scan-
. dinavian miners, $2 50 a day. Apply to J. F.
• -SETT _ CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
" •'WANTED— man to drive delivery wag-
.; on-,. $5 week and room; blacksmith helper, ]
$1 day and board; 10 laborers for city. $1 75 ,
■.. day; tlemakers, 11 cents, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento st. i
'. ANTED— Restaurant steward, $45; Ice cream
. "man, $25; waiter for Nevada; vegetable man,
• $25; waiters, $40; dishwashers and others. Ap-
. J ■ ply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento.
■ • "WANTED— Cook, plain, country hotel. $35;
- cook for restaurant, $11 a week; cook, chop-
,°*. house, $35; omnibus, $25; butler, $45; second
, ; .' butler. $20; man to take care of two horses.
' „. --etc., $25; man for small private place near
City. $15; and others. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
ton st.
." ..WANTED — Driver for milk route in city: ref-
erence required; $35 per month, with board
and room: also farmers, milkers and others.
" „-"• W. D EWER _ CO.. 626 Clay.
- CATHOLIC gardener and coachman; $15 per
\* •• month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A JAPANESE cook; 2 in family; $25. MISS
•; % PLUNKETT. 424 Butter.
WANTED A steady, sober man on small ranch
near city: wages small, but a good home to
right party; party to be seen at 1901 Point
"Lobes aye.*, corner of Eighth aye., between 9
 v 'and 10 this morning. I
MAN to sweep in lodging house: room, board
. and laundry; bo wages. ALPHA HOUSE, 5
". ", - Market St.
, ■ ' WANTED— Boy who has worked in printing
" -"office; give age and wages expected. Box 354,
Call. I
■ • ..i I
- 'BARBER wanted for Saturday night and Sun- j
day; $3 50; steady. 1310 Castro st.
' . BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 821 Har-
•, .", ; ■ rison St. .
'■ ■„. . -.WANTED— Barber for Saturdays. 3162 Six-
• teenth st. •
■•.. - 'GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
■ '■ •' day. 3C2H Fourth st.
' BARBER from noon to 10 o'clock to-night. 623
, • ;• 'Clay st.
. '•; TWO barbers wanted at 131* i Third st. j
'' ; ; BARBER wanted for Saturday. C27V4 Second
street.
-•'. • SEAMEN and grf*en hands for steam whalers.
10 c tart St.. upstairs.
.. " EXPERIENCED OPERATORS on custom
 . ■ shirts. ROGERSON, 535 Valencia st.-
PIANO player for evening; lady or gentleman, j
43J Bush. ._...... .... ....... ...
GOOD solicitor. Apply H. W. KNOLL, 21 Mer-
*• chants' Exchange Building.
; ' WANTED— RetaiI grocery salesman; give ref-
i " "" erence and wages expected. Box 354, Call.
•WANTED— Boy in tinshop; age 15 to 17. Apply
7 to 9 at 533 Mission st. - I
f feOT to learn good trade: reference. 222 Mis-
sion pt.. between 9:30 and 10:30.
BUSHELMAN wanted. PAUSON & CO., 200
■Kearny st.
. GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 106 Second et.
■ ' * • TO go this week— 3so pairs men's shoes, gome
■' : ' nearly new, from 50c to $150; new shoes.
• . . slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
Bt.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
" BLACKSMITH for whaling cruise on steamer.
" '. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. •
•COMPETENT man or woman for full charge
of coffee house. 836 Valencia. ■
' * GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
.-■■ ;' to Roc. 5e2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
: ■'. • HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
t : .WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
'• runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
-%••* 10 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experl-
■•;.•' -.' ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
•".'•• "WANTED— 2O pick and shove! men at Broad-
'■.' _ way and Devisadero lit.
■ " : ' "BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
- -.-" n-.'t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th.; tel. Jesaie 1164.
=.\ SEATTLE. HOUSE. 108% Third-Furnished
• ; ' rooms 25c to 50c day: $1 25 to $3 week.
•BIBBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
.'". fice.J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec.. 325 Grant ay.
- WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
■ ' «3 at 1542 Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
WANTED— Montana House, 764% Mission
•• • st men to take room*. 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60--. 90-? and $1 per week.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
. MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
• go'.eing. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
■ SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863^ Market at.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
. LANE'S, 104 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
.clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
. room. 25c night. Ro«edale House. 321 Ellis st.
_. TRY Acme House. 937 Market at., below Sixth,
" *', ' for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
*" kit: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
— — — — — WASTED.
WE handle the latest books and specialties: ,
we make money-making propositions to both |
ladles and gentlemen: you send name and ,
address- we do the rest. We want an agent
in every county. WESTERN ADVERTIS- |
INO COMPANY. 2738 Folaom St., 8. F.
riTT and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
•; 2Sc article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush at.
AGENTS wanted for good paying medical busi-
ness. 223 Post St.. room 6. ,
. WAN-E D—M ISCELLANEOUS.
CASH paid for botlera, enrinea, dynamos, shaft- I
Ing, pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission. !
• _TTOIt.\EVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. Q. TV.
HOWE. atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton. j
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced In j
good cases. ROSS. 1236 Market St., room 127. ,
ADVICE free; divorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister st., room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market at.
L B. CLARK— Spreckels building. 927 j
"Market: consultation free: no fees In advance. ;
. STORAGE.
pr_R?ESirDOLPH ttong* ,f n ? . M ° v _, n ,f <_••
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main j<l3.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack- [
ing, advances, etc. 735 Market: tel.. Black ill.
}0^ ______-- MINIM* •__._. ..'_■.__■__
DRYWASHERS for dry placer mining; $16 for
6-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
i KAI.?TtirTSY. 521 .X- Ft.. Funeet -district. ■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sSso— CORNER~grocery~and bar on Market
Et. ; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying; all cash custom; a splendid
bargain. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG, W«
Market st.
A— SBSO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $30; good paying business; partners to
dissolve. Call WILKK _ UK FUG. 806 Markt.
A-*4oo— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
splendid business; jiving rooms; rent |S;
vrry best location in the Mission. Call
WILKE & UNFUG. 306 Market st.
A— si;.Co; CORNEK gr:oer>' anl bar on Post St.
established years anl doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
:LKr: _ UNFUG. 90S Market.
- . kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business; best loca-
tion; close to Montgomery and Calitornia sta . ; .
owner sick; must sacrifice. WILKE _ LN-
rOO. > I Market s^
A— $800; CORNER saloon on Battery street; do
ing a splendid business; rent $45; established
many years; large stotik; patronized by mer-
chants and commission dealers. CaU WILKE
- LNFUG. 106 Marke: si.
A— s4oo; BARREL rcute clearing $75 per month;
horee, wagon, furniture; O X investment.
WILKE & UNFUG. S0« Market et.
$4=O— GROCERY^and bar: best part Of Minna
St.: 3 good living rooms; rent $20; business
speaks for lUell M. LESS, W5 Mark
$1400— CORNER gro cry _od b_r; D I
ket st.; living rooms; more than value in
sight: bears Investigation. M. LEsS _ CO..
765 Market st. '
$€oO— RESTAURANT; positively best part East
st.: value in sight: business speaks for itself;
this extraordinary offer holds good for 3 days
| only; don't fall to see. M. 1. -- Market.
| $ISOO— HOTEL and bar, near ferry; 36 rooms;
present owner there for 10 years; bean in-
vestigation. Apply M. LESS & CO.. 700 Mkt^
■ $JO«— HOTEL at a sacrifice; other bus. cause of
I sale. M'LAUGHLIN & C*~<.. 777 ______
I $1000— CIGAR store; wholesale and retail: doing
a business of $90 p«r day; selling on account
1 of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
j $2000— CORNER saloon, established 30 years;
present owner retiring from business, old age
the cause; receipts $25 to $35 dally. Mc-
LAUGHLrN & CO., 777 Market St.
$3200— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; card billiard rooms: basement; safe
investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
ITO buy. sell or exchange city and country
prbperty quickly call on HARTLEY _ CO., I
1206 Market St. _____
. WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
j kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Gran-, aye.
I FOR SALE— Cheap: saloons, grocer!**, cigar
stores, restaurants. National Agency. 7
Grant aye.
' FOR SALE— A first-class family restaurant,
having a fine family trade; owner is in an-
j other business and cannot give it his atten-
tion. Box 333, Call.
; GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate; must oe sold: cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley st 3.
1 A— TO buy or sell your business quick for caah
apply to MOON & CO.. lMShi Market St.
$325— SALOON: midst of factories; furnished
Irving rooms; low rent; doing good steady
business. CLARK _ CO., sv* Examiner bldg.
GOOD paying city weekly for sale cheap: best
of reasons for selling: profitable advertising
patronage. Address box 440, Call office.
$700— RESTAURANT for sale: best location:
j 216 Main St., Stockton; a bargain; come and
see for yourself.
i IMPORTANT to liquor dealers— Fine marble
counter for sale; can be seen in cigar store,
! 900 Market st. ; must be cold at once.
2-'"'HAIR barber shop for sale; information at
WILL & nNC-CS. HO Market jrt.
1 $400— RESTAURANT: 4 living rooms well fur-
nished; rent $30; a bargain. 1309 Castr
GOOD express wat;on. horse and buggy har-
ness cheap at 3756 Seventeenth st.
$150— SALOON for sale. Apply 651 Mission at.
RESTAURANT cheap. Apply Call offlCß.
FOR business chances, rooming houses, c^ty
and country r«al estate, bonds, sto'-ks, loans
etc.. call on CLARK & CO.. room 509, Exam-
building. •
WILL sell. If sold immediately, restaurant
doing $22 to $25 per day; cheap; proprietor
leaving the city. Apply US Fourth b~
$350— PARTNER in manufacturing and con-
tracting business; no agents; a bargain. A.
P. FIELD. 1027S Market St.. room 2.
FOR sale — Cheap; branch bakery and dairy
produce store: 4 living rooms; rent $15. Ap-
ply 707 Devis_dero St.
MODERN — /Minery More fr)r sale at a bargain;
in a thoroughly up to date town. Jkl'Ply to
BUTLER, SCHUTZE _ CO.. 723 Market st.
$325 — WELL-PAYING restaurant in (rood lo-
cality; trial given; suitable for man and wife.
Inquire 637 Kearny St., room 3.
PARTNER; good paying business; small capi-
tal. Apply 997 Market, room 108, from 1 to 4.
WANTED- Partner with $2000 for half interest
in a strictly legitimate advertising medical
institute business; established 6 years and
doing a monthly cash business of from $500 to
$600 per month, with expenses of $150; physi-
cian preferred; reasons for wanting to sell
half Interest, desir- to expand the business;
full investigation solicited. Box 311, Call.
i hotel man wants to rent furnished
saloon, with living rooms or lodging house.
Box 313. Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar. Call 11 Folsom
aye., between Seventh and Eighth sts.
$450 — FOR sale: restaurant: present owner run-
ning 10 years. Apply Call office; no agents.
FRUIT store for saie; horse, wagon; bargain.
Turk st.
$4500— FOR cash only; for sale, one of the
best hotels in the city of Oakland; 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the time: reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
as. without money need not apply; no
ag»nt= for business. Address C. A. S. H.,
CaU offfce, Oakland.
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; best cash trade. Apply 28 First
St. ; no agents.
17,000 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid min-
ing stock; par value $1 per share: no fake
mines; now working; will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
poses. MURRAY. 541 Clay St.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 600 Haight st. ; no agenta.
COPPER mine locations for sale; Shasta Coun-
ty. L. L. M. SALSBURY. 902 Brdy, Oakland.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission st., nr. 6th.
FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store
In Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN _ BENDEL, 313-327 Battery-
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento t.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
60-room corner house; clears $350 $2,000
28-room house; clears $150 550
46 rooms; corner; clears $250 1,600
10 rooms; near City Hall: very good — 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
12 rooms on Market: cxc. for large house. 500
28 rooms; best cor. in city: owner sick.. 2.200
18 rooms; rent $50 (transient): half cash.. 1.050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
cail on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
15- ROOM house: clears $100 per month: owner
scik; price $M. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
50-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market sL
A— KREDO & CO 22 ; <4 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
46 rooms: corner Market; best transient. sl,soo
30 rooms; Keamy: offices; a snap 2,200
18 rooms; Third; clears $60 month 550
17 rooms; boarding; new; cheap rent 1,150
12 rooms; Post; elegant residence 700
10 rooms; McAllister: clears $35 650
And others; call and get list. KREDO.
$450—12 ROOMS; sunny corner: low rent; clears
$40 monthly. 1129 Howard st.
NICELY furnished 14-room house: rooms full.
COS Hyde et
NINE rooms; all occupied: central: sell cheap;
rent reasonable. M., box 319, Call office.
TURK. 127 — 17-room lodging-house for i .>;
parties going East; cheap.
flFrnitire for sale.
4 rooms furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
j range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market, i
gEWIKG MACHINES.
__KB Wheeler * Wilson machine; cheap; must I
sell. ISO Eleventh __, bet. Mlaalon _nd Howard
12 MONTHLY rented: repaired, bought, sold; j
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45. !
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented;
repairing at lowest rate* MS Fourth st.
PHxSICIAAS.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021* Market, bet. Sth and 7th. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET. ■
NOB HILL. 1030; Pint fit:— lo rooms, bath. 2
closets; 2 car lines. Apply premises 11; to 2
o'clock. Other house 1970 Page st. tel. Pine
IS2I. . - ■
ELLIS. 1458, near Buchanan-Six rooms and
bath: sunny; large dry basement; rent $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA, 2919—8 rooms; bath; conser- j
vatory; hot air heaters; fine order.
PERRY, House, 4 rooms, and yard: rent
$7 50; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.
HOUSE with 8, 16 or 24 rooms for rent. Apply j
at 1153 Howard st. ■
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
REAR house. 4 rooms and cellar. 724*4
Howard St., near Third.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 6 large rooms, bath, with
basement; rent reasonable. 724 Willow aye.,
between Buchanan and Webster sts.
AT Ocean Modern cottage; hair acre
ground, barn.- 3378 24th: low rent to res. party.
EIGHTH. 221, In rear— unfurnished rooms,
with good yard and cellar, $7 60.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath, large basement,
yard. 2103 Webster st., near Sacramento.
$10 60— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; cellar: yard. 468
Linden aye.. near Hayes and Laguna sts.
$6 EACH- cottage, 5 rooms; 2 new tenements,
4 rms., nr. 34th. Mis. Apply 64 Sliver, off 3d.
FLATS TO LET.
ANTONIO off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— rms.; modern conveniences; new house.
ARMY 4075, near Castro— Flat of 4 rooms;
use of large stable. $2.
BRODERICK, 1016, near Turk— modern 6
and 7 room flats. i
CHEAP rent; 4 and 5 rooms, $8 and $10 each;
yard. 837 Alabama St., near Twenty-first.
CORNER flat; 6 sunny rooms; porcelain bath.
tils sink, modern improvement. 33 Caen st.
ELLIS, 19S0— Sunny upper flat; 5 rooms, bath;
first-class condition; $17.
FELL, 511— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key j
at 513 Fell st.
FLATS, renovated, 3 and 4 rooms, $8, $9 and
$10. £21 to 527 Linden aye., between Leguna
and Buchanan sts.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath: $12. 718 i
Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
FLATS to let for the New Tear by BALD- I
WIN St HOWELL. 10 Montgomery ■-
FULTON. 118— Fine middle flat. 7 rooms; bath;
near City Hall; $28.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 929— A new upper, ounny,
modern flat, opposite Jefferson Square; 5
rooms and bath.
GROVE, Flat, 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern improvements; $23.
GUERRERO, 536—3 large furnished corner j
sunny rooms and kitchen, fitted with modern
conveniences; hot and cold water; warm belt;
suitable for the aged or convalescent; rent $28.
HAIGHT and Flllmore— Sunny middle and up-
• per flat, 6 and 7 rooms: latest improvements;
rooms tinted, hardwood finish; tiled bath;
rent $25. Inquire 5138 Haight st.
HARRISON, SSI— «-room flat, with bath; clean;
$22.
HOWARD. 1153. near Eighth— l or 2 or 3 flats,
8 rooms each: separate or all together.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— beautiful
furnished rooms for housekeeping: $8.
LILY aye.. So 4 —4 rooms and bath; rent $14.
Owner, 11l Van Ness aye. -
MCALLISTER, 1721—7 rooms and bath; modern;
plenty or closets: rent $25. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st.
NATOMA, 700 A— 6 rooms, bath; corner; j
bay-window facing Eighth st. Owner. 144 2d.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
SUNNY top flat: 4 rooms and bath; latest im-
provements. Key 713 Grove st. _^
, 1 ___~
TWELFTH, 322— Lower flat of 3 rooma.
VERY pleasant sunny flat: low rent. SSI Guer-
rero St.. near Twenty-first.
WALLER, — 4 rooms and bath, basement and
yard. Inquire at 31'"'4.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— rent, flat of 4 or 5 rooms, bet.
Mason and Larkin and bet. Golden Gate aye.
and Post st. Address MILKMAN'S. 35 Eddy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and l.in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 652 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second eta.
BAKER, 2110—3 sunny rooms and bath on
lower floor; furnished for housekeeping.
FIRST 28—3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo. also 2 unfurnished, $6 mo.
FOLSOM. 646—2 large unfurnished rooms, with
yard; suitable for housekeeping.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny rooms for house-
keeping; g-ite and others; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman; gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE, 131—1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping If desired. •
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Elegant un-
' furnished 3-room suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 2006 A. near Sixteenth— sun-
ny kitchen and dining room for housekeep-
ing, $12; others. :
HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished lower floor: 3 or
4 rooms; complete with range; other rooms.
JESSIE, 439, bet. Eth _ 6th— 2 large sunny con-
necting rms.: complete hskpg.; sink, bath; $11.
LARKIN, 613—2 or 4 newly furnished connect-
ing runny rooms for hskpg. ; from $14 up.
MCALLISTER. BlS— Fine tunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. ■
MISSION, 11254— front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cookstove: cheap.
MISSION, 1217— Front alcove suite, complete for j
housekeeping. |
MISSION, 2133—2 pleasant rooms and regular j
kitchen connecting, furnished complete; j
bath; $15. . ___
MISSION. 2225—2 large, well-furnished rooms,
with use of kitchen and bath.
NATOMA. 245— week. 75c, $1. $1 25, $1 60;
housekeeping rooms, $2 50.
NATOMA, 739, ■ near Ninth— Single or house-
keeplng rooms; sunny. • ' j
O'FARRELL, Alcove suite finely furnish- I
ed, with kitchen, gas stove, running water.
SIXTH 216Vs— Sunny furnished housekeeping j
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reaa.
SIXTH, 393— Front rooms furnished for house-
keeping: no children. %
SIXTH, 425— Housekeeping rooms; sunny;
stationary washstand and mod, conveniences.
SIXTH, — Front parlor; also large front rm.;
light housekeeping rms.. $1 week.
STOCKTON, 611. near Pine— 4 furnished
rooms.; floor of 8 unfurnished rooms; large
garden. , . ' -
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ■ .
TEHAMA, 339—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: cheap^ ■ -' > -
TWELFTH. 40, near Market— furnished
front room and kitchen: $10. -.
TWELFTH, 145, cor. of Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021—2 sunny rooms; gas,
range, bath: furnished: low rent. : ■
— ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON Houae, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
' sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. .
AT 52 Second— rooms, per wk., $150 to j
$3; single, $1 to $1 50: night, 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms: suites,
• single: facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains. ■•
BURNETT 1364 Market at.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished. ■
EDDY, 3 corner Powell— Sunny single room on
Market st; II 50 per week. -
EDDY 207 Nicely furnished ' sunny ". double
rooms, $7 upward; single, $5; gas; bath, quiet.
GOLDEN GATE aye., '. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate;
private family; reasonable^ . ._ -
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; famllie*. :..•
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select ; family
rooming house; $160 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, Nice sunny rooms; rent cheap;
. housekeeping and transient. ■■- ■ .
HOWARD 1209— One bright front - bedroom
and one large unfurnished ; stationary wash- |
stand; bath hot and cold water.
LAGUNA 1310— Furnished and unfurnished
large sunny rooms; private family. ;
LE A VENWORTH, 218— Large front gunny par-
lor; gas, bath.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. •
LEAVENWORTH. . Sunny furnished room
to let; $6. . .. -.
MISSION, 2031— Furnished rooms for single
men; $3 up; front parlor.-
NATOMA, 606— unfurnished rooms; a' sink
and running water; $4; or can furnish same.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished • rooms ; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. Furnished rooms; day, week
or month; nice sunny suite.
O'FARRELL, 271— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or single; reasonable. •--.-.■
O'FARRELL, 2SO (The Elwood)— sunny
rms.; hot _ cold water; gas, bath; gentlemen.
O'FARRELL, 419 (flat 4)— Furnished room; use
of" kitchen; $10.
SEVENTH. 192— Girard House; sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR Changed hands; everything new;
suits or single: $2 50 per week up; modern. ,
TAYLOR, 706— Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen. ' ' .■' ■ -
TURK, 127-rßright parlor for dressmaking or
office; light housekeeping; gas; new furniture.
TURK. 132— A large room suitable for two.
VALENCIA, 12S. near Market— New, elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board, In
private family.
ROOMS AND BOABD^
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first-class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suite 3, with board for 2, $50 month up.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant snnny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
O'FARRELL. 913— First-class rooms and board
in a Spanish family; references.
~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE or 2 children to board; German family:
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna at.
GOOD home for child, with mother's care, $10
a month. ■ 210 Lexington aye.
STORE- TO LET.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist. Church: suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 86SB
I Folsom at. ■
' SAN JOSE aye., Corner store with. fixings;
5 rooms, yard; $12; good for grocery or fruit
store. ■ -. '. -
LARGE corner store, with good fixtures; rooms
j and stable: rent cheap. 500 Ninth st
* OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES; light and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building, 927 Market St.; rent $12 50; light,
heat. Janitor and telephone Included, j ASH-
TON _ GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12,
2 to 4 and 7 to 8: phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
I same day; positively no instruments used;
self cure, $5: regulator, $1: home In confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor,
free, before going elsewhere: hours. 10 to. 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
Turk to 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.:
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long- standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
' . used: consultation free: traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
. ■ teed: cure. $6; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years: sea . us.
PR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: ' positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped in-
stantly; home for patients separate from of-
- flee: consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mann and Taylor.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
. ties, from whatever, cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of I— ••rulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult htm first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market at.
AILMENTS— LadIea In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance- cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones _ City Hall ay.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
eat boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; term*
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS . Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Cure guaranteed for monthly troubles;
$5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE, 1113 Market st.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, mldwfte; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second at.: tel Green 52.
EDUCATIONAL.
_ M _^^,.^iy<M.».^«~~»»i~«v»-~»«»<»»»«"
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method;
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing. languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $60; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and re-porters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. .
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay, arch It.: day A ere.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
START right and the end is In sight. Prof.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
ELOCUTION. English branches; trial lesson
free at pupil* home or 11S7 Dolores; teacher.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.: Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profa.
PIANO, -singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 57? Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing $1 r<"- year.
~~~ DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. -.Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly- by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. . , ■;
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set 'of
teeth, $5; . crowns-,"^: fillings. 50c; all work
warranted « for ten years. '..Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason at., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM • Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; ..open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. P.; painless extraction
• guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .-.,■ _
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. 50c: silver. 2>c; crowns, $3.
TU. -ITEKB. >T-f /',.£"'
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and ■
prices. ALEXANDER _ C0..U0 . .ontgomery;
A HAMMOND, $225; Caligraph, $15: Tort. $15;
fret sample work. SCOTT. i 233 Montgomery ■-
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH INE— Come home. DAVID.
PIANO instruction In exchange for rent of
room. 1063 V* Howard St., near Seventh.
BATHS. 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
A RESPECTABLE woman, about 25 years, as
housekeeper for a first-class rooming-house;
object mtarimony. Box 155?, Call office.
I HAVE been troubled with toothache for a
number of years on both sides of face; by
using Prof. CHAS. LOG'S remedy was cured
entirely. MRS. ALICE J. HAINES. 712
Commercial: also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
son st.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 18 lbs. granulated sugar. II: 8 lbs. coffee, j
II; 25 lbs. rolled oats, 11; 25 lbs. prunes, pears I
or peaches, 11 ; 10 cans table fruit, II: 12 cans j
corn, II; gallon can maplf syrup, II; 13 cans i
tomatoes, SI; flour. Sac sack; butter, 25c roll: j
eggs, 15c dozen; cheese, 12^ic per lb. LIN-
COLN BROS.. Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth st:
LEDERER'S QUINONIA Hair Tonic softens
the hair and makes it glossy; price. 35c per
bottle; try It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and j busts
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful invention, at the HARMONIC
LIFE INSTITUTE, 236 Powell St.; tests free.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. - Law a Specialty.
I San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
GO to the best hairdresser In the city, LED-
ERER; best styles. 25c only: hair rolls, 35c;
good switches, II; fine. 12 50; Lederer s
Foamo Shampoo. 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to Jl 50 per night; 1150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines: . treatment simple and
effective? 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
TOOTHACHE worm removed by approved
Chinese methods. C. LOG. 619 Jackson st.
CONTRACTOR for well digging, tunnel run-
ning for water. Box 253. Call office.
FOLDING beds 18 50; bedrm. sets IS: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sol.l. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alaroeda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 30 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy , installments. L..
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
. ; DRESSMAKER ~
San' FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. 15 up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milli-
nery:: patterns cut. McDowell Sen.. 103 Pest.
~ SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
■ vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings 11. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Fr!.. 2 p. m. ;
Men.. 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. MESA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. US Halght st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco at 1023% Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. PR. F. CLARK. 1023*4 Mkt.
MME.' PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 50c: gents. *1: sit.. 1150. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
I past, present and future; 25c 153& sth, r. 21.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c. ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. ■ AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
an! palmist: truth or no pay; Kc. .'. . ■ .
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; tells nothing but truths:
all questions answered: 25c. 50c. 928 Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.: future
events. Me: advice, all questions: satisfaction. j
- __________ ___
PALMISTRY.
MME." NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 3388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel White 1571: reading by mall 11.
' SUPERFLUOUS HAIR. ~~
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. « DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years* experience; references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for 18
cash and 16 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon gome easy
payments and some good planes for $3, 14 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHI.ER _ CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe. good as new.
upright, rosewood; flickering, . used three
months, upright, mahogany; guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 O'Farrell st. '
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st. j
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
A FINE Hallett & Davis upright will be sold
this week for half Its value. R. 10. Flood big.
A GOOD Fischer upright, perfect order, JlO5.
- Room 10, Flood building. . ,
FINE Steinway. Checkering, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
I NEW pianos rented. 13 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
I Co. ! Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, 169 up: Installments. 13 75 up;
rents 13 50 up (allowed on purchase).. 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAJlister St., next Hlbernla Bank. I
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 303 Post st. .
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 808 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. . ;V
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
~~~ ~~ HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, ,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar- ;
ket. 527 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
j FOR sale— l team, 1100 pounds ea/h. 150: 1 gray, ;
1600 pounds, and several others. 428 Valencia.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
12-CAN. milk-' or grocery wagon; ; new; cheap.
4075 Army at. ii • ■■■ :;.:■:■>. - :
100 SET second-hand harness; . wagons, carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing. H per year.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam " Carpet-cleaning '.- Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgrr..
I 38- and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
| beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
1 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates. '
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at , 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
::J. , E. MITCHELL Carpet -cleaning Co., 240 nth
I :st.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
| CONKLIN* Carpet-beating "Works, 333 Golden
I Gate aye.; tel. East 12«. I
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Pacific Heights residences just be-
ing completed, corner Jackson and Buchanan.
Finest homes ever offered on the market. Fin-
ished in mahogany and oak. Contain 12
rooms, attic, billiard room, wine room, heater,
etc 7 mantels, dressing room adjoining each
bed room. Inlaid floors in reception hall. Full
particulars, MADISON & BURKE. .626 Mar-
ket st. -
LOOK at this; must be sold; part cash, or wiit
trade for improved city property; lot 50x213:
2-story house. 9 rooms; bath; all modern Im-
provements; 2-story barn; tank. tanknouse
' and windmill; fine sewer system; street work
all done; cement sidewalks and through
grounds; beautifully laid out garden: palms;
fruit: orange and lemon trees: 3 blocks to
station: Berkeley. Box 1507. Call office.
CHICKEN, bee and fruit ranch of 6 acres: one
of the best equipped In the State: 600 chlcK-
ens, 200 ducks. 400 pigeons and 3a stands of
bees; large brooder-house, capacity 3000 chick-
ens: incubators, bone-cutter mill, hay-cutter,
elder-press, horse, wagon, buggy, farm im- :
plements, tools, etc.; household furniture, ,
price $1750 for stock. Improvements, etc. ; rent ,
$25. J. H. READ, Dimond. Upper Fruitval«.
Alameda County. j . "
LEAVENWORTH, 2333— New corner. 6 rooms,
bath, marine view; lot 27:6x110; street work
all done; $4500 In Installments.
OWING to the pressure of business and the
; . necessity of a larger office, JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove about Marcn 1.
1899. to No. 19 Montgomery st.
FIFTH-ST. corner; stores and lodging house:
price $19,000: want offer. ASHTON & GARD-
INER. 411 Montgomery st.
COl/STRY REAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city: small ar.d large
tracts; 2130 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the lean as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates. •■ without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 102S Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
I bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, nn. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1844.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
BORROW money on indorsed payer or your !
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; Alameda;
Berkeley. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages.- In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d x mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner big.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 323 Montgomery.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
■
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold: es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
FINE 10-bore L. C. Smith shotgun for $23: cost
i • originally $60. At UNCLE HARRIS", 15
! Grant avc. ~— (
i GASOLINE engine, second hand, from 2 to 20
horsepower, very cheap; also a mining hoist
and pumps. Box 355. Call. - -
52-FOOT gasoline launch, neat, new and roomy.
$250: owner leaving town; will take a few
good rowboats in part payment. Box 439, Call.
MALTESE kittens: 3 for pale; 6 weeks old.
Address 120 Fourth St., room 1
CAST Iron bath tubs, enameled; 6 ft. and 5% ft.
by 2 ft.: cheap. H. S. White. 516-20 Mission.
FINE set of tailor tools for sale cheap. Apply
726 Washington st. ■
YOUNG chickens at 10c each at 19th and Caro- '
lina Mathews" old place, Potrero.
REMOVAL sale— This sale will close Feb. 25:
■ Japanese goods, bamboo furniture, toys. etc.;
- must be sold below cost by Saturday. Feb. 25.
. KIYO CO.. 488 Halght St.. near Flllmore.
i FIREPROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
St., San Francisco.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second har.d. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. ;
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 33L
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; small turn-
ing lathe; 1 sqr. shears. Epstein. 643 Mission.
POLYFHONE, $85; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
j SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. -'
S *. FES— Bargains In new and second-hand:' all
sizes: half origln-1 cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., February 22, 1599.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 12 o'clock noon.
Friday, March 24, 1899, and then opened, for
"Doing all the printing, and furnishing all
material therefor, that may be required at
Headquarters Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900."
Preference will be given to articles of. domes-
tic rroduct4on or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (Including In the price of
foreign productions or manufacture the duty
thereon) being equal. The U. S. reserves the
right to reject or accept any or- all proposals j
in whole or in part. Information furnished |
on application to undersigned. Envelopes j
containing proposals should be marked "Pro- !
posals for Printing." and addressed to J. M.
Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster General, U.
1 S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
! PROPOSALS for subsistence stores— Pur-
chasing Commissary, •San Francisco, Cal..
February 15, 1899— Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing ar.d delivering of such quantities of
subsistence stores, as per circular to be seen
at this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., on MONDAY. February 27, 1899.
and opened Immediately thereafter in pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in-
structions to bidders and blank form of pro-
posals will be furnished to established dealers
on application to W. H. BALDWIN, Colonel.
Purchasing Commissary. U. S. V.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$$50 AND upwards; a poor man's chance to se-
cure a home; located bet. Grove st. and San
Pablo aye.: within 10 to 15 minutes', walk to
local trains; convenient to school house and
postoffice; healthiest location in Oakland;
terms to suit. Address at once R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
i OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SA*-E.
I FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See .him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
i _
■ ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1650— NICE cottage, 5 rooms: large lot; im-
provements; also.' to let, cottage, 4 rooms. $7,
with water. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
MA&BIAGE. LICENSES.
m
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows: I
Benjamin W. Smith and Lorita Pax50n.... 25-21 ■
Sol Charmak and Met Zellnsky...... 24-21
John Rees and Annie Cheva1ier. ... ....... .80-30 j
W. C. Schaumleffel and Louise E. Stiever. 2B-21 '
William Grutsmacher and Emma Will 46-21
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&" ;
! Birth, r marriage and death notices ' sent "by i
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed ;
' in at either of the publication offices and be
:' lndorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the* same published. .
BORN.
i ANTONY— In this city, February 18, 1899, to the
i wife of H. Antony, a daughter.
CHICK— this city, February 16, 1599, to the
wife of J. J. Chick, a son. • .*
EPSTEIN— In this city. February 9. 1599. to th»
wife of Philip Epstein, a daughter.
GREEN— In San Pedro, Cal.. February 2«, 1399,
to the wife of Louis 3. Green, a daughter.
GUSTAFSON— In this city, February 22. 1899,
to the wife of G. Gustafson. a daughter.
LOVEGROVE— In this city. February 23. 1599,
to the wife of Dr. W. R. Lovegrove, a daugh-
ter.
McGINNIS— In this city. February 20. 1599, to
the wife of Edward McGinnis. a daughter.
STATS— In Pinole. February 22. UN, to the .
wife of T. J. Stats, a son. -
MABRIED.
KNIGHTON— DE LASHMUTTE— In this city.
February 23. 1539. at the residence of Mrs. C.
A. Trumi>our. by the Rev. Dr. Spaldlng,
Robert Knlghton and Made de Lashmutte.
SHUEY— O'CONNELL— In this city. February
16. ISS9, Dr. Granville E. Shuey of East Oak-
land and Katherine A. O'Connell of San
Francisco.
| —^—^— — — — — ,— —^— — . —
DIED.
Bettencourt Margaret Owen. Minnie
Cashin. Mary Pope, Mary A.
Cornell. Richard J. Radford, Edmund B.
Glese. Friedrick Redmond. Veronica I.
Gustafson. Anna M. Reichardt. Otto
Harvey. Margaret Roslin. Charles
Hotaling, A. P. Jr. Ryan, Daniel
Howard, Elizabeth Shepard, Minerva C.
Jacobs, Morris ' Sklnker. John
Keane, James Smart. John
Kroncke. Justine Sommers. Henry
Moser. Margaret VbM, August
O'Connell. Daniel Whitehead. Reginald
O'DGnnell. Katie J. Winters, Minnie -
BETTENCOURT— In Oakland, February 14,
1599, Margaret F.. beloved wife of J. C. S.
Bettencourt, daughter of Mrs. Joseph S. Car-
dozo. and sister-in-law of Dr. J. D. S. and
M. S. Bettencourt, a native of New Berlin.
N. V.. aged 2S years 5 months and 18 days.
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
February 27. at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner of New Broadway and Moss
avenue, thence to St. Joseph's Portuguese
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment at. Mary a
Cemetery-
CASHIN— this city, February 23. 1899, Mary
Cashin. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
CORNELL— In this city, February 23, 1899.
Richard J., beloved husband of Mary Cornell,
son of the late George and Ann Cornell, and
brother of Mrs. J. C. Sledenburg, Mrs. J. w.
Sulllnger of M&rysville and George P. Con-
nel!, a native of New York, aged 46 years.
(Butte. Mont., papers please copy.)
" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Patrick
Church, Mission street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIESE— In this city, February 23. 1599. Fried-
erick Giese. beloved : father of Mrs: J. R.
Cross, Mrs. George Riley and Mrs. C. E.
Brady, a' native of Prussia, Germany, aged
80 years 7 months and 7 days.
GUSTAFSON— In this city. February 23. 1839,
Anna M., infant daughter of Manny and Q.
Gustafson, and sister of Edwin G. Gustafson.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
HARVEY— In this city, February 22. 1599, Mar-
garet Harvey, mother of Mrs. Connolly, Wil-
liam J. and Joseph S. Shalp and Ella, R. T.
and G. F. Harvey, a native of Woodbury.
N. J. . aged 65 years.
(T7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from her late residence, 16 Allan
street.
HOTALING— this city, February 23. 1899.
Anson Par3ons Hotaling Jr., beloved husband
of Ella K. Hotaling, son of A. P. and La-
vinia J. Holtaling. and brother of Richard
M. and Frederick C. Hotaling, aged 34 years.
Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
HOWARD— this city, February 23, 1539,
Elizabeth Howard, aged 43 years.
C7"Remains at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, corner of Stockton
. and Geary streets.
JACOBS— In this city, February 24, MMi Mor-
ris Jacobs.
KEANE— this city, February B. UM, James
Keane, a native of County Galway. Ireland.
KRONCKE— In this city, February 24. 1899.
Justine Kroncke, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. John Jackson. Mrs. P. H. Bartels, Mrs.
Otto Furkert, Mrs. H. Brlckwedel. Mrs.
Anna Wichmann, Mrs. Maria Tamke of
Brooklyn. X. V.. and the late Geslne C.
Brlckwedel, a native of Germany, aged SO
years. (New York papers please copy.)
JET The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, *1615 Lombard street, between Gough.
-and Octavla. Interment private in Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ,
MOSER— In this city, February 23, 1899, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of Conrad Moser,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Alfred
Ross and Ferdinand, Conrad Jr.. Elf a and
Wllhelmlna Moser. a native of Wisconsin,
aged 48 years 2 months and 9 days. A mem-
ber of the Third Order of St. Francis and of
the Chrisdliche Mutter Vereln. (La Crosse,
Wis.. papers please copy.)
* j__r Friends and acquaintances and members
of the above societies are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Alfred Ross, 141 Twenty-
seventh street, between Guerrero and Dolo-
res, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden
Gate avenue, near Jones street, where a sol-
emn high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In Sausallto, February 23. 1899,
Daniel, beloved husband of Annie R. O'Con-
nell, and father of C. A.. Annie. Mabel,
Reginald, Ida, Grace and Geraldlne O'Con-
nell, a native of County Clare. Ireland, aged
49 years and 9 months.
E^Funeral services this day (Saturday), at
10:30 o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van
Ness avenue and O'Farrell street.
O'DONNELL— A month's mind requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Katie J. O'Donnell (nee
Mohnnann) at St. Agnes Church. Masonic
avenue, near Oak street, Monday. February
27. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends are
requested to attend.
OWEN— In this city. February 24, 1599, Min-
nie, beloved wife of Albert Owen, mother of
Florence Minnie Owen, daughter of Felix and
I Mary Benner. and sister of Mrs. Laura Beeler
and Cora, Lillie. Maud and Thomas Benner,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 2$ years.
CTNotlce of funeral in Sunday morning's
paper. ,""
POPE— In this city, February 24, 1»99. Mary
Ann, beloved wife of William G. Pone, and
sister of W. J. Field, a native of London.
England, aged 46 years 7 months and 5 days.
RADFORD— near Honolulu. January
7. 1599. Edmund Burke Radford. dearly be-
loved son of Joanna and the late Michael
j Radford, a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years.
REDMOND— this city. February 22, 1539,
Veronica lone, beloved daughter of Joseph
and Julia Redmond, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged. 5 years 1 month and 9 days. - .- »
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the Barents, 316 North avenue, between
Elsie and. Bennington streets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
REICHARDT— this city, February 24. 1899.
Otto, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Reichardt, and father. of Anna and Minnie
Reichardt, a. native of . Germany, aged 63
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock sharp, from his lat»
residence. 1630 Eddy street, between Stelner
and Pierce, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ROSLIN— In this city, February 24, 1899,
Charles Roslin. a native of Finland, aged
31 years.
RYAN— An anniversary requiem high mass will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral this
day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, for the re-
pose of the soul of Daniel Ryan. Friends and
acquaintances are invited to attend.
SHEPARD— In this city, February 24. 1899.
Minerva C. beloved wife of M. H. Shepard.
a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years 4
months and 19 days.
(ET-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 p" clock, from the funeral par-
lors of J. Hagan. 1707 Sacramento street, near
Polk. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SKINKER— In Alma, Santa Clara County, Feb-
ruary 23, 1899. John Skinker. a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 75 years. .
r The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from Brown's undertaking par-
lors Thirteenth street and Broadway, ; Oak-
land, at 10 o'clock. Interment private. No
-, flowers. > .'
SMART— In this city, February 24. 1599, John,
brother of William Smart, a native of Scot-
land, aged 44 years.
SOMMERS— In this city, February 24. 1*39.
Henry, beloved husband of Libbie Sommers,
and father of Cecelia and Arthur Sommers.
a native of Germany, aged 45 years. '-
VOSS— In this city. February 22, UN, August,
beloved husoand of Pauliue Voss. and father
of August and Sophie Voss. Mrs. F. D. Kell
of Vallejo and Olga and William Voss. a na-
tive of Germany, -aged 59 years 1 month and
19 days. "" •
U_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited Ito attend | the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 7:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 60 Manchester street. B«rnal Heights,
~ and thence to St. Anthony's Church. Army
* street, between Folsom and Howard, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 8
' o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
! WHITEHEAD— In this city, February 24. 1899.
Reginald N.. dearly beloved son of Thomas
N; Whitehead. a native of San Francisco,
?»ged 21 years 1 month and 23 days.
inrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
I Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. . Cemetery. ■
1 "WINTERS— In this City, February 24, 1599.
Minnie, daughter of Anna L. and the late
John W. Winters, and sister of Nellie and
Laura Winters. Mrs. C. . King and the late
Mrs. Mary Denny, a native of San Francisco.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors : to Flanagan & Gallagher). ;*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND : EMBALMERa.
 20 Fifth : st. , opposite ' Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
1112
WILL BUILD
A FAIR SHRINE
TO ORPHEUS
Claus Spreckels* Mu
nificent Gift.
MUSIC STAND FOR THE PARK
BUILDING TO COST NOT LESS
THAN $60,000.
A Marble Peristyle, Dedicated to Mu
sic, to Be Erected Immediately
on a New Site by the
Capitalist.
Through the generosity and public spirit
of Claus Spreckels a magnificent music
Stand, to cost at least $60,000, is to be im
mediately erected in Golden Gate Park.
This munificent gift to the public -was
unexpectedly made at a meeting of the
■ Park Commissioners yesterday.
Mr. . Spreckels. through his son Adolph,
the Park Commissioner, informed . the
board that he desired to build a perma
■ nent music stand of marble or granite,
the minimum cost of which would be $60,
--000. The donor also agreed to furnish
: plans for the structure. On behalf of the
.' . citizens of San Francisco the Park Com
••: mlssioners gladly accepted the splendid
• .offer.
Music lovers and those who have had
\ the artistic improvement of the city and
;. park at heart are delighted beyond ex
..' pression Ht the grand gift of Mr. Spreck
. ./els. Several attempts have been made to
eecurn a beautiful music stand, but the
projectors were always unsuccessful. The
! -old location is inadequate for the immense
.;-\_. crowds which frequent the park, and the
Bhell in which the band now plays is
■'■ neither a thing of beauty nor a conven
ient site.
The new music peristyle will be erected
■where the Administration building of the
' Midwinter Fair stood. The Park Com
■ rnlssioners will prepare the ground and
!" 'Supply the benches, and Mr. Spreckels
will defray the cost of the beautiful build
ing. The plans are not drawn yet, but
architects will be employed immediately
and within a few months the work of
construction will begin and the beautiful
monument to Orpheus will be quickly
completed.
Park Commissioner Frederick W. Zeile,
speaking of Mr. Spreckels' gift, last even
ing said:
"It is one of the grandest acts ever per
formed by a public-spirited man. A hand
eome, enduring building, dedicated to mu
sic, is now assured the public. The pres
ent and coming generations will be bene
. flted and uplifted by the generosity of
' Mr. Spreckels. The commissioners are
■ only too glad to leave the selection of a
design to the donor, as we are certain
that an exquisite bit of architecture will
beautify the park.
'•The .site fs beautifully adapted to a
music building and is the most accessible
in the park. When completed the great
crowds that go to the park to listen to
the music will be easily accommodated.
Thanks to Mr. Spreckels. San Francisco
will have tho most beautiful music build
ing In America, if not in the world.
PUBLIC PARK VEHICLES.
Merchants' Association Wants Cheap
Conveyances in Golden Gate.
A mwempnt Is on foot by the officers of
the Merchants' Association that is cal
culated .to be of great benefit to the gen
eral public and give thousands of people
an opportunity of seeing all the sights in
Golden Gate Park in one day. a privilege
now denied them by reason of the great
distances and the numerous attractions.
The proposition is to secure a cheap
tpeans of transportation, similar to those
In many of the Eastern cities. The mat
ter has been laid before the Park Com
missioners and it is believed the proposi
tion will be a paying one to that body.
The sucpestlon is that the commissioners
shall secure three or four large open
wagons, capable of holding from a dozen
to sixteen people, that shall make regular
trip? around the park, taking in all the
.•principal points of interest. The fare
should be small so as to be within the
• reach of all. L. M. Kins:, superintendent
.of' the association, was recently in the
• E&ft and found that in many cities public
conveyances in public places are paying
•' Institutions, beside accommodating an ap
.preciating public. In discussing the mat
. .ter, which has been laid before the Park
Commissioners. Mr. King said:
■ • "The vehicles should start from both the Stan
• yari street ar.r] thp Fulton street entrances'.
There 1? hardly any doubt that such a service
■•■would pay its own expenses and leave a profit
' <or the Park Commissioners to spend on im
.prpvements at the park. If, as a beginning,
NEW GALLERY FOR
THE ART INSTITUTE
Edward Searles Will Erect
an Annex for Exhibi
tion of Paintings.
EDWARD F. f3EARI.ES will add another gallery to the Hopkin* Institute of
Art. The plans were submitted to him and he has announced that the con
struction will commence at once. The limited space in the present building
has been a matter of comment among artists for some time. Pictures
placed on exhibition could not be displayed to the best advantage, and as a re
sult many of the leading painters have sought the walls of other galleries upon
vrhich to hang the products of their skill. This fact was made known to Mr.
Searles, and he immediately notified tfte board of directors of the institute that
he- would stand the expense of providing additional room.
The additional structure will be placed on the southwest corner of the build
ing: and will extend from the octagonal conservatory to the Mason-street line
on the west, running parallel with the main building southerly toward Pine street.
It will have a length of 105 feet and a breadth of 43 feet. The interior height will
be 21 feet, of which IB feet will be reserved for pictures, and th© remaining six
will be set with frieze extending from the paneled ceiling downward. The Interior
finish will be of wood. A large gabled skylight, below which will be a glass
ceiling, will light the gallery. The floor plans call for maple. The exterior will
be in harmony and keeping with the building proper.
The cost of the annex will approximate $17,000. One of the present conserva
tories will be removed, but the octagonal one will remain Intact. The construc
tion of the building will bo let to the lowest bidder and such notice will soon be
made public. , j
MISSION ROCK, WHICH WILL BE TAKEN BY THE GOVERNMENT FOR A COALING
STATION AND SUPPLY DEPOT.
the service was tried on Bun<says, when there
are crowds anxious to see the park, there can
be no doubt that It would be a profitable under-
not interfere with the carriage and
hack trade from the livery stableß. Parties
who can afford to take a carriage or hire a.
horse and buggy will do bo anyway. But there
are thousands of people going to the parlc who
cannot afford to hire a carriage, and are not
able to walk over more than a small portion
of It who would welcome an opportunity to be
driven through it co as to pass the principal
attractions for the small sum of 10 cents. There
are large numbers of tourists and visitors who
have not the time nor money to spend in nir
ing a carriage and taking half a day to explore
the park thoroughly, but who would be glad to
ride out on the street oars and then be able
to take a public conveyance and be driven
around over a route which would in the short
est time enable them to see the principal fea
tures at a email expense.
If the Park Commissioners do not care to
provide their own conveyances they might mako
arrangements with some one of the carr.ag*
mmpanies by which it would furnish and main
tain at the park a certain number of vehicles
which would make regular trips for a fixed
price per passenger, and In return for the
privilege turn over to the park a percentage of
the receipts. I believe that such a service at
the park would be appreciated and commended
by all citizens.
OLYMPIC FIELD DAY.
Four Athletic Events in Which the
Club's Best Athletes Will Par
ticipate.
On Sunday afternoon at the Olympic
Club's outdoor grounds the track and
field athletes of the club will be given
a chance to break records and win some
handsome prizes. There will be four
events, all entries to be participants in
nl 1 cortests. Th" programme consists or
a hundred-yard dash, a quarter-mile run,
a hall-milt run and the broad jump com
petition. First place will count 5 points,
second 3 and third 2. The three competi
tors who average the highest will be giv
en the r>riz«s. Those who will contest are
W Bush. G. Bush, Burgess. Abell, Klar
man, R. Bowman, R. Hancock MEspi
nosa. E. Conley, H. Herbert, G. Hlnkel.
A. Stone, F. Kennedy. A. Doyle and A.
H. Ransome. Considerable Interest is
shown by the club members in this dimin
utive field day and the attendance prom
isee to be large. _
This Week's Wasp.
Storie* and sketches are featured In the
Wasp this week. The stories are found in
Social Sidelights, where some capital tale 3
of the week are tol-i. and In Bound About,
where the Loiterer comments upon a
couple of dinners given lately by a couple
of local municipal officials.
A full-page cartoon, "A Tale of the
Philippines," pays tribute to "Agie." his
topknot and his fate when Uncle Samuel
eets started. In the "Wasp s School of
Journalism is told how.to makeup a yel
low Sunday supplement, with full direc
tions where to get the stories of the four
headed feathered calf and the 20-foot
enake that throws brickbats at passers
bv The halftones are very beautiful and
Touchstone offers humorous theatrical
comment.
Boys' Brigade Entertainment.
"The Isle of Tongatabu" was presented
last night at the First Presbyterian
Church in aid. of the second San Francisco
company, Boys' Brigade. Among those
in the cast were: G. Burton Waterman,
Percy Lenfestey, James Russell, George
E Townsend, F. R. Gibson, L. F. Over
street, J. W. Stevenson, Elder Webster,
J Fic'klin A. H. Murray and Alexander
Thornagle. The programme was con
cluded with club-swinging by Louis
Myers, solos by Mrs. Emery. Frank Fow
den and M. G. Lewis and readings by W.
H. Barnes and William Bass.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1899.
BOHEMIANS TO
HONOR THEIR
DEPARTED POET
Dan O'Connell's Fu
neral Arrangements.
REMAINS TO LIE IN STATE
REQUIEM MASS AT ST. MARY'S
CATHEDRAL THIS MORNING.
John W. Mackay Generously Remem
bered the Bereaved Family of
His Old Friend— The
Pallbearers.
1 : "
IN MEMORIAM.
Cherished and honored beyond all others.
Loved and looked up to as dearest and best.
Noblest of natures and kindest of brothers.
Truest of souls that a friend ever blest;
Could you but speak to us, poor dead one lying
Cold In thy casket; and If It were meet
That you could whisper us, "Hush and cease
sighing-,"
Even our grief for you then would be »we«t-
Oh! but 'tis hard to feel we, left behind you—
We, sore and sorrowing, here by your bier —
Never again in this life may remind you
How much we- worshiped you, how held you
dear.
Hand, cold and motionless, though w« may
clasp you —
Hand, true and faithful, now rigid and prone —
Though we may cling to you, fervently grasp
you,
No pressure shall thrill In response to our
own.
Eyelids now closed in the last solemn slumber.
Would that beneath you our own eyes might
see
One glance of the many that beamed without
number.
Soothing our troubles or brightening our glee;
Voice that once flowed like a beautiful river—
In song, sweeter than song-birds' most ex
quisite trill—
How can we feel that you are silent forever,
Your glory departed, your melody still?
Ah! but we'll keep thy grave green with love' a
fountains,
And close in our hearts a grave greener for
thee.
With a grief that shall last, friend, as long
as the mountains.
As deep and unchanged as th« sob of the sea.
The heart-place left vacant shall never, oh,
never,
By another be claimed, by another be filled.
Until we, too, lie down In thy calm sleep for
ever.
And our pulses, like thine, friend, forever are
stilled.
— From Dan O'Connell'B "Lyrics."
When Dan O'Connell wrote "In Memo
rlam" a score of 'years since he little
thought he was singing: a requiem which
to-day touches a responsive chord on the
heartstrings of the multitude of friends
who loved him in life and grieve at his
death. Around his bier, to-day, those
same friends will gather, and with sad
dened hearts gaze for the last time upon
the clay from which the poet soul has
fled. In the green room of the Bohemian
Club, where his brilliant wit and quaint
philosophy have so often cheered his
companions, the body of Dan O'Connell
will lie in state from 8 to 10 this morning.
The Bohemian Club, though appreciat
ing that all men loved their dead brother.
Jealously claim him as their own, and
to-day they will leave all else to honor
his memory.
At 10 o'clock the funeral cortege will
leave the Bohemian Club and proceed to
SJ. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
requiem mass will be sung for the repose
of the soul of the lamented litterateur.
The cathedral choir, under direction of
Organist Harrison, will sing* the mass,
and H. J. Stewart, vice president of the
Bohemian Club, will preside at the organ.
After the service at the cathedral the re
mains will be taken to Calvary Cemetery
and placed in the Coleman mausoleum.
Before the benediction at the grave is
pronounced. President J. A. Thompson of
the Bohemian Club will make a few re
marks.
The »ntlr© Bohemian Club will act as
honorary pallbearers in addition to Wil
liam Berg, Dr. Jerome A. Hughes, F. W.
Croudace. James B. Gill, T. J. Schuyler,
T. F. Meagher, Captain Smith, George T.
Knox, Captain Nat Messer and Frank
Cummins, all warm personal friends of
the deceased.
Alexander Gunn of Cleveland, Ohio, and
Dan O'Connell were the closest friends.
Mr. Gunn is in the city and has probably
the last letter written by the lamented
Bohemian. It was written a day or two
before the fatal attack of pneumonia and
is in Dan's usual vein, as follows:
LAUREL. LODGE, Sunday Morning.
[Given from our Royal Couch— to be deliv
ered by one of the Princesses now brewing tea
at our anointed elbow.]
Come over on the 10 boat and we will have
a ramble. It is our earnest hope that your
Majesty's royal cabesa may be free from all
pains. " Come to our soothing zephyrs and be
soothed.
Oh, the guile of Gill! The guile of Gill!
"For, Alick, beware of that owl of the night.
He drinks and he runs away." DAN.
Mr. Gunn kept up an unbroken corre
spondence wjjth his friend for years and
he has a number of beautiful poems as
yet unpublished. He will undoubtedly
send copies to James V. Coleman, who
will be Dan O'Connell's literary executor.
It was reported yesterday that Mr. Cole
man will collect all of the dead poet's
work, but wilf only publish a limited num
ber of volumes, which are to be given to
Dan's friends.
John W. Mackay yesterday gave a gen
erous and tangible evidence or the affec
tion he bore "dear old Dan" by sending
a check for $1000 to the bereaved widow.
No services of any sort are to be held
at the Bohemian Club this morning and
the club will be open to members only
while the remains of Mr. O'Connell are
lying' in sta^e.
Minus Salaries and Positions.
M. W. Hamilton,. William Dietz, Jack
Davis, Joe Hambaugh and Henry Morri
son are bewailing the loss of their salaries
and their positions. For the past half
year they have been employed as mall
drivers by the Midland Mail Company,
but owing to a disruption in the latter
firm the men have not been able to col
lect their pay in two months. On Tues
day they were told that the company had
given up its contract and they were no
longer needed and their services were no
longer required. The men appealed to the
Postmaster, who yesterday had each
driver prepare a statement of the amount
due him, and the papers will be Imme
diately forwarded to Washington for set
tlement. > ■ ■■■■■■- ■;,-■;.: -■ '■-;.■>■=
.—■ • ■
CREDITORS MEET.
Sam and Julian Waller Will Prob
ably Be Forced Out of Business.
The creditors of Waller Bros., the Grant
avenue druggists, who are on the verge
of bankruptcy, held a meeting: yesterday j
afternoon and appointed Messrs. Reding
ton and Mack a committee to meet the
Waller boys and effect a settlement.
After the meeting Mr. Redington and
Mr. Mack had a long talk with both mem
bers of the embarrassed firm. It was
agreed that Sam and Julian Waller
should meet their creditors to-day and
discuss terms upon which an immediate
settlement could be made.
"We want to pay all our debts if we
have to go out of business." said the ex-
School Director when seen last night.
"Our creditors held a meeting this after
noon and we agreed to meet them to
morrow and make a settlement. I do not
care to discuss my financial affairs in the
newspapers, therefore I am not at lib
erty to state just how much our liabili
ties will amount to. In all probability
this trouble will force us out of busi
ness."
TOOK "ROUGH ON RATS."
Mrs. Minnie Owen Committed Sui
cide While Temporarily Insane.
Mrs. Minnie Owen, a married woman,
residing at 2567 Folsom street, committed
suicide yesterday morning: at half past 2
o'clock hy taking "Rough on Rats." She
had been sick and despondent for a long
time, and had often threatened to kill her
self. Coroner Hill held an inquest at the
residence in the afternoon, and the jury
returned a verdict that the deceased had
taken the poison while temporarily in
sane.
Mrs. Owen was a native of Philadelphia,
28 years old.
The Crier
Pays his respects to Judge Lawler,
Charley Curry, Senator Dickinson, Dr.
Perrault and others. The Looker-On
touches up Lucky Baldwin, Dr. Rot
tanzi, Dr. Younger, Lieutenant Georgre
Huie, Joe Mansfield, Jonas Erlanger, Jo
Strong, and ex-Governor Budd, and
others; society doings are recorded;
accurate golf news is published; two
finely illustrated stories; the celebrated
robbers' roost at Sacramento recalled,
and the "Sign of the Cross" criticized in
to-day's News Letter, besides a quan
tity of miscellany, book reviews,
poetry, etc. Get a copy for Sunday
reading.
Smashed a Valuable Window.
Charles Grpen, a laborer, deliberately
threw a large cobblestone through a plate
glass window of a restaurant at 425 Bush
street Thursday night. He appeared be
fore acting Police Judge Kerrigan yester
day and the case was continued, the
Judge ordering that an additional charge
of vagrancy be preferred against him.
Green said he was hungry and wanted to
be sent to jail.
Mme. Alma E. Keith invites you all to
the finest opening she ever made this
Thurs., Fri. and Sat. Phelan building, 808
Market st. •
Mechanics' Institute Lecture.
The next lecture in the Mechanics' In
stitute course will be given at the Me
chanics' Institute Library to-night by
Frederick I. Monsen. The subject will be
"The Monuments of a Prehistoric Race,"
referring to the Cliff Dwellers of Arizona
and Southern California. The lecture will
be illustrated by stereopticon views. The
lecture is free to members of the insti
tute and their friends.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY li
recommend' by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
Meyer Jacobs Convicted.
Meyer Jacobs, alias John Anderson, was
convicted on a charge of burglary in the
first degree yesterday In Judge Cook's
court. Jacobs entered the house of W. G.
Crandall, 1301 Gough street, some time
ag-o and was subsequently arrested for
the crime.
TRIED IT ON THE DOG,
BUT IT DID NOT WORK
William Boyle Sought to Die by Morphine, but
When His Canine Friend Survived a
Dose He Used a Pistol.
WILLIAM BOYLE, a waiter who has been unable to find a place where h«
could wait, became despondent several days ago and determined on sui
cide. He had heard of the old adage, "Try it on the dog first," and be
fore attempting to end his life by morphine administered a large portion
of the drug to, a stray canine he picked up on the street. The essence of the
poppy did not agree with Bruno, and when his stomach refused to retain it
Boyle became convinced that the adage was to be depended upon and decided
that morphine was not the thing to use upon himsolf. After considering the
matter for a week, the despondent waiter determined to kill himself with a pis
tol, and profiting by his first experience with the dog. last night put a bullet
into himself -without first perforating his canine friend.
For. a number of years Boyle has been employed in San Francisco as a
waiter at a number of restaurants, but his age has prevented his securing
steady employment for over twelve months. He has had odd jobs from time to
time, which have kept him from starving to death: but nothing has come his
way which would allow him to lay aside a little money for a rainy day. The
proprietors of the ' What Cheer House, on Sacramento street, have employed him
at different times and allowed him to room at their place when he was out of
work. In the last six months Boyle worked two weeks, and the run of hard luck
was more than he could stand.
Two weeks ago he secured a large quantity of morphine, enough to kill a
regiment, the doctors say, and picking a dog up on the street administered a.
quantity of the drug to him. The dog threw up the stuff and survived the
experiment. Boyle, thinking the morphine was not good, decided to kill him
self with a pistol. Last night he fired a bullet into his left breast. The bullet /
struck a rib and passed around the back, lodging under the right shoulder. He
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where Dr. "Yon der Leith removed
the bullet and made the patient as comfortable as possible. While the wound is
a serious one the physician does not think it wiil prove fatal.
At the hospital last night Boyle stated that his reason for wishing to end his
life was that he could secure no work and he said that he was sorry he had not
succeeded In bis attempt. He refused to tell where he secured the morphine.
NAVAL SCHOOL
TO BE ERECTED
IMMEDIATELY
| Work Now Begun on
Yerba Buena Island.
CAPTAIN GLASS COMMANDANT
THE GOVERNMENT TO EXPEND
$150,000 AT ONCE.
The Building of the Training Station
Has a Very Significant Bearing
on the Future of San
Francisco.
The passing of Goat Island Is a thing of
the near future. When the Government
recently decided to establish on this coast
a Naval Training School the Bureau of
Navigation selected as a site the island
that rises from the waters of the bay mid
way between San Francisco and Oakland
and the bureau also decreed that hence
forth the island is to be officially known
by its original name of Yerba Buena. The
Government will expend In the erection of
this Naval Training School nearly $250,000,
although of this amount only $180,000 has
at present been appropriated. For the
purpose of erecting the buildings and
wharf, making the roads and digging the
well which is to supply the water, $150,000
is to be expended within the next year,
while the remaining $30,000 of the first
appropriation is for the maintenance of
the school.
Captain Glass, who commanded the
Charleston when that vessel was sent to
Manila, and of whom It may be said there
is no more efficient officer in the navy, has
been selected by the Secretary of the
Navy to have charge of the new train
ing school. He is to supervise its erec
tion and to have entire control. In the ad
ministration of the training school he will
be assisted by three other officers.
The preliminary work on Yerba Buena
Island has already been commenced. All
of the island with the exception of that
portion on which is located the light
house and the torpedo station has been
turned over to Captain Glass for the
Naval Training School. Eight months
from now will see the school practically
completed and with a capacity for accom
modating 500 boys who are to be trained
to be seamen.
Captain Glass visited the island yes
terday morning for the purpose of in
specting the progress of the work. He
went over on the tug Vigilant, accom
panied by engineers, who made the final
survey for the buildings. The work on
the graded road, which is to lead to the
wharf, has already been commenced, and
the well which is to supply the water will
have been dug and finished by the middle
of next week. While the entire middle
portion of the island is to be given up
to the school, the buildings and wharf
are to be erected on the southeastern side
of tne island, between the lighthouse and
the torpedo station. The buildings will
comprise the residence of the command
ant quarters for three other officers and
the barracks, and the latter will include
the steam power and electric plant. AH
of these buildings will have a southern
exposure and will be protected from the
western winds by the high crest of the
* The specifications for the Naval Train
ing School have already arrived from
Washington, and bids will be opened at
the Bureau of Navigation on March 15,
and as Captain Glass said yesterday, he
hoped that the work of erecting the
buildings would be begun by the first of
April In the meantime the work on the
road to the wharf will be rapidly pushed
forward and the driving of the piles will
be commenced next week. It is neces
sary to complete the wharf so as to be
able to land the building material as it
is needed. After the work on the school
is actively commenced it will, in the opin
ion of Captain Glass, take about six
months to complete it. In the meantime
the enlistment of boys who are to be
trained will continue. Boys are being en
listed at present, and even now there are
about 200 of them on the receiving ship
Pensecola.
The Pensecola will soon be brought
down to Yerba Buena Island, and it is
possible that Captain Glass may at once
make his headquarters on the vessel for
the purpose of better superintending the
work He will also shortly have under
his command the United States tug Vigi
lant, and, in fact, she will be turned over
to him just as soon as he secures a crew
for her. In addition. Captain Glass, when
the school is completed, will have a
iy-foot launch for the convenience of
)fflcers and their wives in plying be
n the Island and the city. Besides
Pensecola, Captain Glass will have
Adams as a cruising ship and possl
me other for the same purpose.
=» building of this Naval Training
ol on Yerba Buena Island by the
rnment has a very significant bear
m the future of San Francisco. It
8 plan of this Government to have all
s seamen trained sailors when they
ito the service. The erection of the
jl clearly indicates that the training
>1 at Newport, R. 1., is not capable
naining enough boys at a time, which
indicates the intention of the Govern
ment to greatly increase the navy. This
being the case, and the fact that the
school is to be here, points to the fact
that as a result of the newly acquired
possessions of the United States this city
Is to become a great naval base. For- I
merly it was found necessary to send
East for trained sailors when they were
desired, but in the future this will not be
the case. The school means that the men
that go into the navy will be of a higher
class in all ways, and the fact that San
Francisco is to be a naval base meana
that trade is expected by the Govern
ment to increase proportionately.
This is strengthened by the fact that
the Government, through Commodore
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(we close at six every night)
hear Start's
m concert
famous
orchestra.
program :
1 March "Fearless"... "..-J.C. Heed 8. Overture, "Mlrella".. Gounod
2* O\ r erture, "Mayflower".. Kretschmer g_ intermezzo Russe Frank*
8. "The Dawn of L0ve" . . ... . 8e "«»* • 10. Waltz, "Lenz und Llebe"
4. Waltz. "My Ideal"... V> .F. V. Blon ; p v Blon
5. "The Sleeping ty... Tobanl -Die Fledermaus" (The !
6. Selection, "La .Fllle de Maaame Bat) ........:.. Strauss
Angot" ;•••••• rov;VV«.V'"" 12. Finale, march, "Victorious Amer-
7. March, "General Shatter^ d lea" ........!..... Ellenbergr-Tobanl
hints of budding spring:
new neckwear. for ladies fair.
,  . ii >,„_. arid flying black liberty "silk neck boas,
stock collar, fu bow andnymK made . exceedingly full, edged
ends of crepe lisse edged wi with . side pleated ruching. full
as % r o^d s lb . bo . n : $100 eaCh nowingendsV...... $15.00 each
stock collar, made of three folds cheaper boas,.7sc t0....', MTC "-.
of satin and two folds of velvet .................«*»«>•*«.♦
in alternate rows; as- £§(; e^Ch silk front, blouse effect,: high : : col-
sorted. colors lar> trimmed with two rows black j
" : > .:„,., . . _ ma** of honiton braid and blouse with
SS . 8 "c k k s™iS S of m .o d oped! , X row 8 , Hned w«h $1.Z5 eact^
edge ribbon, collar trimmed with lawn ................ t _ ,
four m ? ddal . l . o . D ?::::: $1.00 each lace noyelties.; g
, # . ,„, „+ Tan silk novelties in laces in bow-knot -■
stock collar of brilliant Jap sue, patterns . ecru applique r lace : in-
with full bows, edged with Judy ertion> 40c to $2 25 yard; .black
trimming; assorted ffi CQ Qj\rh lace insertion, bow-knot pattern, ;
colors V*-* 7 " w *» w ; joe to 65c yard; applique effect,
•i ™r,* a nf rnlnrpd $1 50 to $2 75 yard; black and
stock collar made of colorea • embroidered on chif-
lawn, butterfly bow edged^ with not pattern> with in-
narrow val. lace and one row nar- io . match 50 yard;
row black velvet ribbon, Jg c Insertl on, $1 75 yard; black all-
assorted colors • wt/v over lace, 16 inches de, $100
Jap silk chemisettes, with high yard,
collar trimmed with black chan- ...
Tilly insertion and juby trim- JI6W Veiling.
ming, wave effect; $1 CQ ac J| newvelling ln black Tuxedo che-
assorted colors v*««"» • nllle dot> double thread, three-
quarter width, 45c yard; close-
' 4.. «,« dotted Tuxedo wool dot, 35c and
neW lies. 50c yard; dotted Brussels net, 35c
inst In 36 dozen P. K. white yard, and chiffon veiling in the
string ties for summer wear, new blue, wfth white dots black
they come in assorted patterns in with white dots, pure white and
%El .?"*.. "™?" M each ll°™:-™. ■-*-■-* 50c yard
(see different items in The Examiner.)
San Francisco's greatest mail-order house,
937 to 947 Market Street.
pipit
mam
Rock at about $350,000. but the company
w?ll do nothing in the . matter until the
Government makes a move, when it will
enter its protest through the proper chan
nels. N _ — — — - /: '■•••
BUNKO MEN ARE STILL
WORKING THE HOTELS
C B. PENNY OF AUSTRALIA THE
LATEST VICTIM.
Registered at the Palace on Thursday
and Soon Parted With. Over
Five Hundred Dollars.
Clifton R. Penny, who registered at the
Palace on Thursday morning from the
Menzies Club, a wealthy social organiza
tion of Menzies, the metropolis of the
gold fields of Western Australia, is the
latest victim of the confidence men who
are plying their nefarious vocation
around the hotels. The gullible gentle
man parted with $540 after becoming ac
quainted with some of the "sure thing"
gentry, and that, too. almost before his
name had time to dry on the register.
He has been in this country for several
months, having been touring the large
cities of the East. He evidently did not
read the article in Sunday's Call, which
tol-i of four guests at the California who
had been swindled in various amounts
ranging from $15 to $250. Therefore when
an affable individual accosted him in the
hotel corridor almost immediately after
he registered, he and his new-found friend
went on some pretext or another to a
place on Sutter street and his money went
with him.
It is the same old story of the poker
game, the invitation to the unsophisti
cated stranger to take a hand which
proved his undoing. Penny appears to
have been an unusually "good thing," for
after losing $40 in coin which he had with
him he proceeded to lose $500 more. Not
having the ready cash he offered to draw
a check for the amount. Of course the
harpies protested, fearing that the
check would be served likewise. Then
Penny, after remarking that his word was
good for any amount in his country, de
liberately went with the steerer to the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank and drew $500
in cash, which he handed to his newly
made acquaintance.
The paving teller of the bank, who wit
nessed the transaction, saw Penny later
in the day. and after a little investigation
the latter came to the conclusion that he
was "up against it good and hard." He
was a cheerful loser, however, and realiz
ing that he had been not "penny wise but
pound foolish," he naively said, "Well,
it's my own fault and serves me right."
He resolved to get out of a country which
had used him so illy and immediately sent
his effects on board the Moana, which
sailed yesterday with Penny as one of her
passengers.
Detective Ross Whittaker has been put
on the case, but so far the bunko people
have not been apprehended.
The Francesca Relief Society.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Francesca Relief Society, recently
incorporated; the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: Mrs. Ber
tha L. Welch, president; Mrs. Mathilde
David, first vice president; Mrs P J
White, second vice president; Mrs' L.'
Harvey, secretary; and Mrs. Jerome Sul
livan, treasurer. The report of the so
ciety shows, that 2577 garments were dis
tributed during the past year in addition
to bo pairs of shoes, 157 hats and 420 yards
Sf c "u^J" 16 materl al. Exclusive of" this
275 children were clothed at Christmas
time and 170 baskets of food were fur
nished to as many families. About the
first of the year the society organized a
sewing school for children. Mrs. Slevin
and Mrs. Mellis are superintendents and
have charge of sixty-five pupils.
Mohns A Kaltenbach. 29 Market, for famous
Atlas whisky and table wines.
MARCH
FRANK
LESLIE'S -
POPULAR
MONTHLY
1O Ct« BEAUTIFULLY
1 V *-.*.»• ILLUBTRATED
NICARAGUA CANAL. By E. A. FLETCHER
NIHILIST ON TEE NEVA By MARY J. HOLMES
MORMON POLYGAMY. By M£B. FRANK LESLIE
JACK HAMLIN'S MEDIATION.- By BRET HARTS
APRIL BLOOM. By EGERTON CASTLE
IN GOMEZ'S CAKP. By THOS. R. DAWLEY
WOMEN IN WALL STREET.
By MRS. yiNLEY ANDERSON
■ SPECIAL. —Beautiful Military Calendar, •
sections, each •In. 12 . colors, 10xl2\£ Inches.
March. 1899. to February, 1900, together with
this magazine March to December, 1893— ail
for $1.00.
FRANK LESLIE PUBLISHING HOUSE. N.Y.
Copies sold and Subscriptions • received; by
Newsdealers. -V
STEER CLEAR OF IT!
' : When a . laundry sends . your linen
home with frayed edges and spread-
eagle ,- button, holes steer clear of it and
send . your linen to an up-to-date . laun-
dry, "where : the management knows its
business and sends your work home
every \ time with as beautiful and " im-
maculate color, and as perfect a.finish
as when first -purchased. : That you will
find is always done at the United States
laundry. . . , " '" { :
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
People Will Talk
[ They will talk about YOU, and you can't pr»
-rent them, if you look pale and sickly and com-
plain of sleeplessness, loss of memory and weak-
ness. Their remarks will not be always good-
natured, either. The world is rery cruel. Why
not stop its tongue by taking a treatment of
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
—the handy pocket Tablets that you can carry
wlthyou everywhere. PERFECTO TAB-
LETS nourish the nerres ; they repair shatter^
1 health; they revive memory; they insure sound
- 'sleep; they give relief to the waste and drain
'' . v of vital powers, incurred by excesses or indis-
cretions of early years; they restore ™£ itSo "i
>V anT/u^e foV^^^'^rZ' &5g
MAKE PERFECT WEUMJgn
THE^■FE&WSai- BLrr^^Chic,.. Hi.
I "fid" Owl Dru« Co., 8. F. and O»fcl»n4.