VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 97.
SUPERVISORS DEAL A DEATH
BLOW TO A GIGANTIC EVIL
Adoption of a Law Prohibiting
Book=Making and Pool=
Selling in This City.
Ten Members of the Board Deter=
mined to Save the People of
San Francisco From the
Curse of Ingleside.
WHEREAS. The practice of horse-racing as formerly car
ried on in this city and county was intended to and
did encourage the breeding of fast horses, and such
emulation so engendered was of some material benefit to the
State; and
Whereas. While the same reason is given for the
continuance of race-meetings, it now appears, and the results
show, that the great success of these trials of speed of different
horses is because of the interest taken by the young and old of
both sexes in the purchase of pools and in the making of bets
and wagers: and
Whereas. The evil results engendered by the hope of gain on
racetracks are apparent in the disruption of homes, the dissipa
tion of savings, recklessness as to moral and social relations,
and ultimately to crime and ruin; and
Whereas. The continuance of this pernicious custom for
many years of pool-selling, otherwise gambling, being permitted
on racetracks has led to a deterioration and loss of character
of young men. whose desire to participate in this gambling has
led them to be dishonest, in peculating from their employers, and
is a potent factor in debauching young girls and women who,
atisc would be honest, virtuous and reputable mem
bers of society: and
Whereas, This board, in the interest of morality, cannot per
mit such a debauching practice being pursued, as not alone the
participants suffer, but the inno
cents have to bear the wide
reaching influences and conse
quences of this gambling; and
Whereas. This board owes it as
a <hny to the community to stop j
all nefarious practices as a nieans
of protection to those persons,
young and old. who are unable to !
exercise control over their dispo- j
sitions to acquire money by the
hazard, excitement and allure- i
inent of the gambling now being
permitted on racetracks; there
fore the people of the city and
county of San Francisco do or
dain as follows:
Section I. It shall be unlaw
ful to sell pools or to make
books or make bets or wagers
wherein money or other articles
of value arc staked as pledges on
races or other contests between
es within the inclosure of a
racetrack or in any other place in
or within this city and county.
Section 2. Tt shall be unlawful
for any person or persons, man
ager or proprietor or corporation
owning or controlling any race
track, or any other person or per
sons in or within any other place
in this city and county, to permit
the sale of pools or books or wa
gers wherein money or other ar
ticles of value are staked on
horses or other contests between
horses in this city and county or
elsewhere.
Section 3. Any person violat
ing any of the provisions of this '■
order shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and upon convic
tion thereof shall be punished by
a fine of not more than five hun
dred dollars ($500), or by im
prisonment of not more than six
months, or by both such fine and
imprisonment.
Section 4. All orders or parts
of orders in conflict with the pro
visions of this order are hereby
repealed.
The crusado aerafnst the gipantio evil
of Ingteaide has home fruit. The peo
l>]p of San Francisco, through their of- j
ficial representatives, the Board of Su
pervisors, have rebelled against the
crime and death-breeding influences of
the race course and have taken the first j
Her toward closing the terribl* «.vf>- I
The San Francisco Call.
The Ten Supervisors
nue that so many rtifn and women of
this city have traveled to dishonor and
death.
At the mectine of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon a reso
lution of vital importance was passed
to print. Another vote of a majority
of the hoard will kill the evil that has
thrived at the expanse of so many
homes and lives in this city. By their
votes yesterday the Supervisors incor
porated into the organic law of San
Francisco an absolute prohihition
against poolsellin^ and bookmakins
within the limits of this city and
county.
The horsemen may, under this law,
race their horses ;is they please, but
' they cannot legally hazard a cent on
th>^ outcome of a race. The ordinance
that was passed to print yesterday
places no restriction upon hors^ racing.
j If the masters of [ngleside fare to d<
so, they may keep their gatos open ev
ery day In the year, hui they will be
placed under arrest if they hazard a
dollar or permit a dollar to he waK'TKI
on the issue of any contest in which
they are interested. More than this,
the Supervisors have officially decreed
that no <>ne in this city may gamble r>n
any hor.-e race whether held in Ban
Francisco 01 anywhere else.
The resolution thai was adopted yes
terday Is sweeping In its consequences,
but the Supervisors believe that des
perate remedies are the only cure fur
a desperate social disease. The prohibi
tory resolution was introduced by Su
pervisor Perrault and nine of his asso-
I elates voted with him to close the ne
farioos business of the bookmakers .n
; San Francisco. Two members of the
; board, HOWARD BLACK AND W.
!H. PHELPS, balked at the resolution.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
These men listened to Dr. Perraulfs
arraignment of Ingleside. They heard
him tell of the destruction and death
that the gamblers of the race course
have brought to San Francisco. They
listened while Dr. Perrault told of
homes wrecked, young men led to dis
honor, suicide, prison or flight. These
worthy members of the board heard
the story of young men ruined and
women debauched and then they voted
to protect the scoundrels that have
made this city their field of evil.
Supervisor Perrault repeated the
ftory as The Call had already told it.
The grewsome records of the Morgue,
the registers of the State penitentiaries,
the history of recent crime in Pan
Francisco and the silent testimony of
wrecked lives and homes tell the story
of Ingleside. It was this story that
Dr. Perrault told yesterday to his as-
Bociates and then begged them, in
obedience to the duty they owe to the
people of the city, to destroy the evil.
The vote upon the resolution was ten
to two. The new law was started well
on its way. Another vote will be neces
sary before the resolution becomes
operative. This vote will be taken at.
the next weekly meeting of the board.
If this vote is in the affirmative, and
there is hardly a possibility that it will
be anything else, the bookmakers will
havp to seek a new field after next
Monday or fight their way through the
courts out of jail.
The resolution was presented late in
the afternoon by Supervisor Perrault.
After it had been read by the clerk
Supervisor rhelps asked why it could
not be referred to the Health and Police
Committee of the board.
Dr. Perrault then ma.de a determined
! stand that it be passed to print at once.
Ho scored the racing as now promoted,
saying: - 'I think every member of this
board knows the dire consequences and
the blighting influences that surround
i the racing at Ingleside. Our young
That Are Determined
girls and boys become dissipated and
drfrr-nerate and resort to petty larceny
to get the money with which to bet.
This evil may and sometimes does lead
them on to murder and suicide.
'Homes are wrecked and the live? of
innocents ar" blighted by this rapidly
spreading evil. I do not believe in re
ferring this matter to a committee. If
you do the only person who will appear
before that committee is 'Colonel Ma
mma.' "
Mr. Phelps ninv^ to amend to include
dog racing or coursing and the amend
ment was at once accepted by Dr. Per
rault, the maker of the original motion.
Chairman Collins of the Health and
Police Committee was indignant at the
suggestion of "Colonel Mazuma" ap
pearing before his committee. "I don't
know Colonel Mazuma," he said. "I
suppose, however, he is a gentleman
! like ourselves. I want a printed copy
of the resolution, so that we may read
It and understand the question UDon
which we are voting."
This ended the discussion. The vote
was then on passage to print and was
adopted. Those voting in favor of the
resolution were: Supervisors- Holland,
Kalben, Perrault, Lackmann, Byington,
Collins, Heyer. Deasy, Attridge and
Aigeltinger. The two voting in the
negative were Black and Phelps.
Members of the board showed their
interest in the measure which they had
adopted by expressing freely what they
know of Ingleside and its many evils.
Supervisor Holland, at the conclusion
of the meeting, said: "I have visited
the Ingleside track twice since it was
opened. The last time I was there a
girl of nineteen approached me and
said: 'How do you do, Mr. Holland!'
"I did not know her at first until she
told me her name. I knew her family
well and was shocked to see her there.
After a few moments' conversation she
left me saying, "Don't tell my mother
you saw m Jhere!'
"Wher *; ye left me I saw her give
money to.: Stout to bet for her. That
is the way iemoralization spreads from
the race fcra.sk. "
Supervisor Aigeltinger has a story of
the wrecking of a home caused by the
track. A man and wife had $3400 in
bank and intended to build a home for
themselves. The husband had reason
to look at the bankhook. which was
jointly in his name and that of his wife.
To his horror he found every dollar had
To Save the People
ENGLAND AND AMERICA
OPPOSE ITALY'S DEMAND
been drawn upon the signature of his
wife. When taxed with it she could
only say '-Ingleside." The husband
took his wife's duplicity so much to
heart that he separated from her, their
home being wrecked.
At the conclusion of the meeting of
the board each Supervisor was asked
to express his opinion of the resolution
which had been adopted. The inter
views that follow illustrate what the
Supervisors think of the evil they in
tend to suppress in San Francisco:
Supervisor Deasy — I believe on
general principles that horse racing
should be regulated. The town has
gone mad on the sport, and the time
has come when a halt should be
called. Horse racing is all right, but
it should be restricted and not al
lowed to assume the proportions it
has assumed here. The time has ar
rived when a check should be put to
both it and the coursing. It is dis
graceful the way women visit the
tracks and parks and bet openly.
Supervisor Perrault — In addition
to the corrupting influences of the
race track on our social life, it is
even worse on business. It diverts
money from the proper sources and
gives nothing in return. It is time
a check was placed on these bunko
steerers who have fleeced the public
so long and so fearlessly.
Supervisor Heyer — Horse racing
has gone beyond all reasonable
bounds, and, in justice to the people
of this city, should be restricted.
Thieves and vagabonds come here
from the East to rob our people. It
is getting worse and worse each year,
: and a stop must be put to it some
, time.
Supervisor Byington — The resolu-
Of This City From the
tion is a sweeping one, but some such
legislation is required to regulate the
sport. I know of the evils that have
developed at Ingleside, and it is the
duty of the board to end them.
Supervisor Aigeltinger — I am in
favor of placing such restrictions on
racing as will make it a legitimate
business proposition. If conducted
properly much of the evil could be
eliminated from the sport.
Supervisor Holland — I favor all
sports, provided they are carried on
in a proper manner. There should be
a check placed on it when it gets to
an extreme. When it degenerates
into gambling it should be stopped.
Supervisor Collins — I have not
given the resolution my undivided
attention as yet. From a cursory view
of it, however, - am impressed with
its significance. Horse racing and its
accompanying evils have certainly
But Uncle Sam Is Not Ready
to Engage in War Over
Chinese Territory.
Humbert's Government Sounded the
Washington Authorities Before
Proceeding to Forcibly Take
San Mun Bay.
O PEKING, March 6.— Owing to the insulting manner in which the O
© Chinese Government has refused the request of the Italian Govern- ©
© mem for a lease of San Mun Bay, Province of Che-Kiang. as a coal- O
O ir.g station and naval base, Signor Martino, the Italian Minister, de- O
O clines'to hold direct communication with the Tsung Li Yamen. O
O LONDON, March 7. — The Peking correspondent of the Times O
O says: The Tsung Li Yamen's rejection of Italy's demands was Q
© couched in studiously contemptuous and minatory terms. I find that O
© the French Minister, a fortnight ago, warned the Tsung Li Yamen O
O that Italy was about to present a demand, and counseled its rejec- O
O tion. Signor Martino's dispatch used the very words "sphere of influ- O
© ence," which, owing to difficulty .in translation, were rendered "pro- ©
© tectorate" in Chinese. O
© O
O According to a dispatch to the Associated Press on Sunday the ©
O Tsung Li Yamen has returned to the Italian Embassy the dispatch O
O containing the demand for the concession, accompanying it with a let- O
O ter declaring that the Government was unable to grant the request. O
O O
oooooooooooooooocooooooooooooooooo
worked disaster to the young and old
of our city. I have never in my life
seen v horse race. My impressions
have simply been formed by the
many sad cases resulting directly
from the betting ring that are daily
published in the newspapers. At the
present time I can hardly say that I
am in favor of total restriction of
gambling on horse racing. The rac
ing season should be limited. That
would remedy the evil.
Supervisor Phelps — At the present
Shame of Ingleside.
time I cannot say anything in regard
to my position on this resolution. I
have friends on "both sides.
Supervisor Black — Dr. Perrault's
resolution is too far-reaching. I am
in favor of restricting the privileges
of the rare track people, but I am not
in favor of total restriction of gam
bling on horse races.
Bwperriflox Kalben — I do not care
to state my position.
Supervisor Byington — I am in fa- I
vor of restricting gambling on the
nee tracks altogether. It works a
great harm to the morals of our city.
I sincerely trust that this resolution
will be passed by the board, but I .
have small hopes that it will be. The
race trpck people have plenty of capi
tal to back up their schemes, and I
fear that they will use it in this case.
Supervisor Attridge — I am heart
ily in favor of Supervisor Perrault's
resolution to put a 'stop to gambling
on the race track. I coincide in all
the views expressed in the resolu
tion.
The Dreyfus Revision.
PARIS. March ti— The United Courts
of Cassation met to-day under the presi
dency of M. Mazeau and appointed M.
Ballot de Beaupre, who succeeded M.
Quesnay de Beaurepnir.^ as president of
the civil division of the court, to report
upon the application for a revision of the
Dreyfus trial.
Putnam Will Acept.
BOSTON. March 6.— Herbert Putnam,
librarian of the Boston Public Library,
has s-iirt that he will accept the post of
Librarian of Congress, previously tendered
to him by President McKinley, In case
the offer la renewed.
PRICE FIVE CEINTS.
NEW YORK, March 6.— The Herald'a
Washington correspondent sends the
i following: In making her demand on
China for the cession of territory and
I sphere of influence surrounding it, Italy
| has the support of France, Germany
| and Russia and the diplomatic opposi
tion of the United States and Great
Britain. I learned to-day from a high
diplomatic authority that before mak
ing her demand Italy sounded all the
, powers of Europe and then submitted
i a note to this government detailing her
i purpose and asking what action would
| be taken by it in case her plans were
I put into execution. The reply of Sec
retary Hay, formulated after careful
consultation with the President, depre
cated the proposed course of Italy, and
was in the nature of an objection to its
adoption. But Italy has taken no heed
to the wishes of the United States,
though she was careful to ask before
hand how far this government would
go in opposing her pretentions. Infor
mation in possession of the authorities
confirms the press reports of the land
ing of Italian marines at San Mun Bay,
despite the refusal of the Tsung Li Ya
men to comply with the demand.
In refusing the Italian demand the
Chinese Government is supported by
Great Britain, notwithstanding the re
ports to the contrary which have been
published, and the British Government
would like the United States and Ja
pan to join with it in strongly protest
ing against this invasion of Chinese
territory, even to the point of making
a display of force and engaging in hos
tilities to compel Italy to withdraw.
But the administration has no inten
tion of engaging in a European war, or
of making entangling alliances. Of
course, it has under serious considera
tion the policy it shall adopt. As told
to me to-day, there are two courses
that can be pursued. One is to make a
diplomatic representation to Italy de
claring that her acquisition of Chinese
territory and of "sphere of influence"
surrounding that territory is injurious
to trade interests of the United States,
and that this Government would be in
clined to see abandonment of her pre
tensions. The second contemplates the
submission of a remonstrance and then
protest against such acquisition, and
preparation to hack up such protect
with a display of force, and if neces
sary to engage in war.
It is needless to say that the admin
istration, while appreciating the inter
ests involved, will not adopt the second
course, certainly not at this time. Min
ister Conger at Peking, under instruc
tions from Washington, is sharply
watching developments in the situation
and keeping this Government informed,
but so far as I have been able to learn
he has made no direct representation to
the Chinese Government against the
granting of the Italian demand, though
the Peking authorities undoubtedly un
derstand the attitude of the United
States.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— There is a
mass of information on hand in both
the Navy and State Departments rela
tive to the encroachment of foreign
powers on the Chinese coast, but it is
in such shape that a concise statement
of the situation is difficult to obtain.
The fact is, however, that the oceupa-
Uon ef available ports along the coast
has gone to such lengths that the ma
jority of the desirable harbors, both in
value as roadsteads and for communi
cation with the interior, are in the
hands of foreign governments.
With England in possession of "Wel-
Hai-Wei, the Russians at Port Arthur,
the French at Anam and Tonquin, the
Germans holding Kiaochau, and with
the additional ports of Hongkong and
Singapore in the hands of the English
there is but little left in the way of de
sirable ports on the Chinese coast.
Shanghai is nominally in control of the
Chinese Government, but really is con
X -^ Continued oa Fourth !'««•.2
ANTI-RAILROAD
SENTIMENT GROWS
AMONG LEGISLATORS
A Strong Disposition Among the Members to
Rebuke Interference.
THE TREND SEEMS TOWARD BARNES
Santa Barbara Advises Her Representatives to Go From
Grant to the General if It Can Be Done Without
Aiding Bnrns.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— The decree "Burns
or no Senator" has been issued from the J
yellow building in San Francisco. There
are many strong indications to-night
which lead to the belief that the manly
and independent Republicans of the
Legislature ■will take affairs in their j
own hands and elect a United States
Senator despite the orders of Hunting
ton and Herrin to the contrary. Burns
cannot win the light now and it is very
doubtful if he can prevent the choice
of a Senator.
An anti-railroad sentiment in the
minds of the people of the State is find-
Ing expression in the Legislature. Last
fall the people believed that the rail
road was out of politics. Every Repub
lican orator and every Republican
newspaper that advocated the election
of Henry T. Gage and a Republican
Legislature assured the voters that the
railroad question was not an issue in
the campaign, but no sooner had the
votes been counted than webfoot Her
rin appeared on the streets of San
Francisco boasting of the scales he had
taken. He was intoxicated by the suc
cess of the campaign and saw in it no
other sign than one of triumph and per
sonal vindication.
The people accepted as truth the oft
repeated declaration of Huntington
that he wanted to establish good feeling
between the people of California and
the railway interests which his cor
poration controlled. The sand-lot ele
ment was snowed under, but immedi
ately after the result was made known
a scheme was hatched in the yellow
building to steal the Senatorship from
the people and give it to a servant of
the corporation. Men who were friend
ly to railroad enterprises on principle,
believing in railroad extension to de
velop the State, were counted as chat
tels of the Southern Pacific, who would
take orders when Herrin decided to is
sue mandates. The chief lawyer of the
corporation made a mistake. He mis
understood an honest desire to bring
about a friendly relation between the
railroad and the public as a desire upon
the part of legislators to enter the po
litical service of the road.
The threat that there shall be no can
didate elected other than Burns must
mean that the corporation wants to re
open the old right between the people
of California and the Southern Pacific
Railroad. All the good work of the
past in the direction of establishing
amicable relations between the people
and the railroad is to be thrown to the
winds by the company because the Leg
islature refuses to obey the commands
of th*2 corporation to elect Dan Burns.
Grove L. Johnson has been inter
viewed twenty times concerning the
statement he made last week that a
Senator would be elected next Wednes
day. He made the assertion with an air
of sincerity that induced many of his
friends to inquire what reason he had
for making the prediction. When
pressed into a corner for an explana
tion he replied that the whole thing
was a joke and that he had nothing in
his mind on which to base the predic
tion. As Johnson seemed to be thor
oughly in earnest when he made an as
sertion which he now admits was Jocu
lar, the impression naturally arises
that he was joking when he shed so
many bitter tears in the Assembly not
long since. ■•■>..• ...
-The betting in the pools to-night is
2 to 1. that no Senator will be elected.
Developments late to-}nght which will
re*ach the poolrooms before next
Wednesday may change the figures, if
not reverse them.
The indications point to further ac
cessions to the camp of General
Barnes. A report was telegraphed to
San Francisco to-day, that * General
Barnes' withdrawal from the Senatorial
contest was rumored in Sacramento.
No sooner had it reached there than
Senator Morehouee was apprised., by
wire of its reception, and . immediately
steps were taken to ascertain the
source from which the falsehood ema
nated. The information was secured
and the report promptly contradicted.
Senator Currier, who obtained leave
of absence two weeks since on account
of sickness and went to his home near
Los 'Angeles to regain health and
strength, will probably be in his seat
In the Senate to-morrow. He was one
of the original supporters of Bulla, and
II is the general opinion to-night that
he will vote for General Barnes when
he next answers to the call of the roll
in joint ballot for Senator.
Important telegrams have been re
ceived by Senator Boyce and Assem
blyman Merritt, representing the Santa
• Barbara constituency in the Legisla
ture. Following is a copy of the mes
sage received by Senator Boyce from
the chairman and secretary of the Re
publican County Central Committee of
Santa Barbara County:
SANTA BARBARA, March 3, ISM.
J. J. Boyce, Senate, Sacramento— lf
Grant forces can be lined up for Barnes
without aiding Burns it will be generally
approved here E. M. PYLE, Chairman.
I. W. SMITH, Secretary.
A message of a similar character was
received by Assemblyman Merritt.
Boyce in an interview to-night de
clined to express an opinion as to what
course he should pursue with reference
to the message. He spoke of General
Barnes in complimentary terms, but did
not indicate a purpose to transfer his
allegiance from the San Diego states
man to the general. He remarked that
the telegram might be accepted as an
Indication of the trend of events in
Santa Barbara.
Senator Smith of Kern, one -of the
most intelligent and active representa
tives of the people in the Legislature, is
confident that a Republican Senator
will be elected at this session. To-night,
giving reasons, for his belief, he re
marked: "There is such good feeling
.•■rfuMnr i>--t« - O*»«er*»l Barne*. U. B.
Grant and Irving M. Scott and their
I w.c supporters thai iney can get,
together at any time and exchange
v°*ws Of the Senatorial question. The
friendly relations are -such that the
Barnes men and the Scott men can talk
together in a frank and free manner.
The Grant people are on good terms
with tho Barnes and Scott supporters.
I There is no doubt In my mind that be
fore the session ends these members
will endeavor to unite on one of these
three candidates, and if an agreement
cannot be reached a new candidate will
be brought out on whom all the forces
j can unite."
In the general conversation to-night
Senator Smith had nothing to say det
rimental to the aspirations of Burns
further than to signify that the conclu
sion had been accepted by the support
ers <>f Grant, Barnes and Scott that
Burns' election to the Senatorship was
not desired by the people of the State,
and therefore should not be accom
plished.
Irving M. Scott, who has been laid up
with grip for several days, will proba
bly arrive here from San Francisco to
morrow.
It transpires late to-night that the
Burns touts are seeking t)y intrigue
with Democratic legislators to bring
about adjournment of the Legislature
Saturday of this week. The offer was
made to the Democrats that If they
would consent to the early adjournment
the bills to reorganize the Harbor
Commission and the Bank Commission
would be defeated. The purpose of the
proposed early adjournment is to arouse
a demand for an extra session, and
pending the assembly of the Legisla
ture in special session the Burns man
agers would be able to lay wires and
devise plans to capture a sufficient
number of legislators to either elect
Burns or some other candidate accept
able to the railroad company and the
machine.
The Republicans in the Legislature
who came here to perform their duty
to the people were quick to drop on to
the Burns scheme to adjourn. To-day
a conference of Republican Senators
was held, and it was practically re
solved to adjourn Saturday, March 18.
This arrangement will give the Senate
ample time to consider the general ap
propriation bill and permit the Assem
bly to give the county government bill
such consideration as it deserves. The
Legislature will also have time to con
sider the tax levy and the constitu
tional amendments relating to the
Court of Appeals.
The Call is in possession of definite
information which justifies the state
ment that the Legislature will adjourn
Saturday March IS.
SENATE WANTS NO
VOTING MACHINE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— Senator Stratton's
bill for the appointment of a commission
to investigate voting machines and make
such recommendations as may lead to the
adoption of some such form of election
device received a setback in the Senate
this morning. It failed of passage by a
vote of 16 ayes to 12 noes. It- will come
up again, however, for Stratton changed
his vote from aye to no and gave noiice
of a motion* to reconsider.
Senator Curtin, under suspension of the
rules, submitted a concurrent resolution
asking the Federal Government to throw
open to the starving herds of cattle the
immense forest preserves along the Sier
ras. Senator. Curtin stated that the
tracts were closed to protect the forests,
but in so closing them they were closed
to cattle also. He believed that under
exciting circumstances the herds of cattle
now suffering from the effects of the dry I
season should be allowed «to- graze in these
forests. His resolution was adopted. v
A message was received from the Gov
ernor announcing the signing of Senator
Trout's bill providing for the acceptance
of a tract of land near Santa Cruz, to be
used as a camping ground for the Na
tional Guard of the State. Another bill
amending the Political Code so as to al
low the Governor to order the troops to
the tract for the annual camp of instruc
tion was passed by the Senate.
The Senate to-day passed the following
bills:
Senate bill 363, introduced by Trout,
amending section 2022 of the Political
Code.
Senate bill 515, Introduced by Taylor,
providing for the organization and man
agement of livestock insurance cam
panies.
Senate bill 311, introduced by Sims,
amending section "752 of an act entitled
"An act to provide for the organization,
Incorporation and government of muni
cipal corporations," approved March 13,
ISS3, and all amendments thereto.
Senate bill 620, Introduced by Simpson,
making an appropriation to pay the claim
of John W. Mitchell for legal services.
Assembly bill 617. introduced by Ken
neally, authorizing the Secretary of State
to bore a well, furnish and set' stand
pipes. tanks, filter and lay pipes in the
Capitol grounds, and making, an appro
priation therefor. N.
Assembly bill 24"., Introduced by Arner
ich, amending sections 354, 1489 and 1492 of
the Political Code relating to State Nor
mal schools.
Assembly bill 4, introduced by John
son, creating an exempt firemen s relief
fund in the several municipalities of the
I State and relating to the enrollment, for-
I mation into fire companies and services as
firemen of exempt firemen.
A substitute was introduced in the Sen
ate to-day' for a proposed amendment to
the- constitution creating District Courts
of Appeal. The substitute, after being
amended, was adopted. It provides for
three District Courts of Appeal, of three
Judges each, and that the decisions of
these courts shall be final in matters
within their jurisdiction.
At the night session the following .bills
were passed:
Assembly bill 3.'3. introduced by Dibble,
amending the law regarding the Veterans'
| Home Association.
Senate bill 554. introduced by Flint, to
provide for the appointment of a board of
Colton Hall property and for the- acqui
sition of the Colton Hall property. •»
Senate bill 438, introduced by Gillette,
; amending section 1585 of the Code of Civil
Procedure relating to the administration
and disposition of the assets of a deceased
partner.
Senate bill 228, introduced by Nutt. ap
-1 propriating $80,000 to complete and equip
the building now being constructed for the
use of the State Normal School of San
Diego, Cal.
' Senate bill 444, introduced by Morehouse,
amending section 949 of the Code of Civil
! Procedure relating to what cases wherein
| an appeal stays proceedings.
S Senate bill 89. introduced by Davis, cre
ating a special fund to be known as the
State debris .construction fund, and to !
transfer from the" general fund to such j
State debris construction fund the sum of :
$250,000. •
Luchsinger'B Senate bill 359 was refused
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MABCH 7, 1890.
passage. This was an act to regulate the
practice of architecture. Notice to recon
sider was given.
FENDER BILL GETS
A LITTLE SETBACK
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— The ball was opened
in the Assembly this morning with Sena
tor Braunharfs "fender bill," which went
on the file on Saturday as unfinished
business.
O'Brien of San Francisco wished to of
for the amendment which he of
feied and withdrew for correction
when the bill was last consid
ered, but he was opposed by Dibble,
who claimed that the previous question
had been called for by him on Saturday
and ordered by the Speaker and that mo
previous question was upon the final pan
sage of the bill and an amendment of a
consequence was not in order.
White of San Francisco took issue with
Dibble on the parliamentary point. He
said he had sought advice on the question
since Saturday and had as well consulted
the highest authorities in the Legislature
and after much thought he was of the
opinion that the previous question was
on O'Brien's original motion to amend
and appoint a committee of one to at
tend to it. „ • . . .
Dibble indignantly asserted that he was
the highest authority in the State on
parliamentary law, and In the laugh
whicl' followed, which was led by the re
sounding chuckle of Assemblyman Hoey,
Dibble receded nicely from his position
by asking that the Speaker rescind the
order for the previous question and per
mit O'Brien to amend. O'Brien handel
up the amendment he proposed on Satur
day and the bill went back to the printer.
The little jar on the fender marked the
one dissension of the day. Wmtewingeii
peace settled all over everything and
Grovel and Dibble were altogether too
nice to be safe. Even the general appro
priation bill ran along smoothly enough,
save for a verbal rough-and-tumble be
tween Valentine and Dunlap over the ap
propriation for the support of the Stock
ton Insane Asylum. The work of the
day was on the Senate special, ways and
means, unfinished business and third
reading flies. All of Governor Gage's
vetoes on tile were sustained.
Assembly Caminetti of the Judiciary
Committee did not concur with his con
freres of that body in their favorable re
port upon the bill which will enable the
Santa re to buy the Valey road and other
lines and to-morrow will offer a substi
tute bill. His measure is to give the State
Railroad Commission jurisdiction over the
franchises transferred to the foreign cor
poration. Caminetti contends that the
bill reported to-day does not accomplish
this, but, on the contrary, takes the pres-
HE'S UP AGAINST THE REAL THING NOW.
ent franchises out of the commission's
hands.
The following bills were passed:
Assembly bill 765, Introduced by Raub,
amending an act entitled "An act to de
fine the boundary, provide for the care,
strengthening and repairing the levee and
for the payment of the indebtedness of
levee district No. 1 of Sutter County."
approved March 20. 1874. extending the
time during which the board of directors
may sit as a board of equalization.
Assembly bill 727, Introduced by Bel
shaw, amending section 3488 of the Po
litical Code of the State of California re
lating to the public lands of the State of
California.
Assembly bill 464. introduced by hfead.
amending "section 296 of the Civil Code of
the State of California relating to the
filing of articles of incorporation with the
County Clerk and Secretary of State and
the issuance of certificates and the effect
of such certificate.
Assembly bill 364. introduced by Stew
art amending section 1609 of the Code of
Civil Procedure relating to settlements of
accounts of trustees after distribution of
estates and to compensation of trustees.
Assembly bill 255. introduced by Brooke,
amending the Political Code relating to
highway taxes.
Assembly bill 239, introduced by Mack,
amending section 516 of the Civil Code
relative to rates of toll to be posted at
Assembly bill 232, introduced by Mer
rltt authorizing the Secretary of State
to appoint a clerk in addition to the num
ber now allowed by law, to be known as
janitor's clerk.
Assembly bill 459, introduced by Kel
sey, amending section 2440 of the Politi
cal Code relating to the appointment of
pilot commissioners for San Francisco,
Slare Island and Benicia.
Assembly bill 577 (substitute for Assem
bly bill 620), to provide for the construc
tion of a free wagon road from the Mount.
Hamilton Observatory in Santa Clara
County to some point in Stanislaus
Assembly bill 105. introduced by Dunlap
for the relief of district agricultural as
sociations or district agricultural socle
ties und appropriating the sum of $75,000
for such purposes.
Assembly bill 736, introduced by Arne
rich. to appropriate $575 to pay the claim
of James H. Barry.
Assembly bill 370. introduced by John
son, authorizing the board of trustees of
the State Library of the State of Cali
fornia to furnish offices in the State Cap
itol with modern metallic book cases,
platforms, stairways, etc.
Assembly bill "AS. introduced by Fair
weather, authorizing the appointment of
a commissioner of irrigation to co-operate
with the director of the United States
Geological Survey In surveys and esti
mates of costs of reservoirs and dams for
storing flood waters for irrigation, min
ing and industrial purposes.
Assembly bill 613. introduced by John
son, requiring hotel and lodging house
keepers to keep ropes in sleeping rooms
to facilitate escape in case of fire.
NO SEPARATE SCHOOL
FOR DEAF AND DUMB
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEXTO. March 6.— Senate bill 134, by
Stratton of Alameda, a substitute for
Assembly bill 737, was beaten in the As
sembly this afternoon. The measure
provided that wherever five children deaf,
ONE BALLOT AND
STILL NO CHANGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
HAMENTO, March 6.— Jesse R.
Grant failed to transpire to-day as
the choice of the Democratic
minority for Senator. Even As
semblyman Fairweather of Fresno,
who opened up the new boom on
Saturday, failed to answer when
his name was called. The scheme,
if there was any. to make this
Senatorial proposition a family
affair has evidently died a-bornin'.
There were no changes to record
in the Republican ranks and but
one ballot was taken.
The vote was as follows:
BARNES 22
ESTEE *
BURNS 22
GRANT 2 i
SCOTT °
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
WHITE (D.) 22
I'lll'LAN (D.) 4
dumb or defective in speech could be
found in a school district a school room
may be set aside for their use and a
teacher employed to instruct them. it
precipitated a tlood of opposition. Know
land Of Alameda said flatly it was as
vicious a piece of legislation as has yet
been introduced during the session. He
realized he said, that mothers who had
i hildren who were so unfortunate aa to be
without speceh and hearing did not want
their children taken from them, but that
they were not looking to a child's best
interests when they refused to send it to
such an institution as the State supports
at Berkeley. If the bill was passed, he
said. It would open the treasury to in
roads, the extent of which could not be
calculated.
Pierce of Yolo made an excellent speech
along the same lines and others on the
floor took up the opposition. White of
San Francisco and Conrey of Los Angeles
spoke conscientiously in its favor, but the
subsequent vote did not vindicate their
position.
NEWSPAPER SIGNATURE
BILL MOVING ALONG
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
MENTO, March 6.— Another bill to re- !
strict the newspapers and to teach them
their business of publication of the newj
came before the Senate this evening, and
after amendment was passed to print and
third reading. The measure was the j
Morehouse bill to require the signature of j
those who write any articles which may |
reflect upon the character or integrity of
any living person or upon the memory of
any one dead. When the bill came up for
consideration Senator Morehouse offered ,
an amendment providing that when any
article was published as coming from any
news agency the requirement of a slgna- !
ture was not necessary.
Smith opposed the amendment, for, said
ho, it would exempt from the law the
Associated Press and such other news
corporations, while it laid all the burden
upon the struggling individual who had
a little country correspondence to attend
to and who could not stand the penalty
of $1000 which the act allows. He said
there is no more powerful or more grind- |
ing corporation than the Associated Press
and he did not want to see it escape the
burden which the bill put on the individ- ;
ual writer.
Morehouse pointed out that the Asso
dated Press dealt with news from other
States and was therefore out of the jur
isdiction of any act of this Legislature,
but Smith was not satisfied, and voted
against the amendment. The amendment
was passed, however,. and the bill went to i
print and to third reading.
A VETO FOR THE
DAIRY INSPECTION
Governor Gage Picks Many
Flaws in Senator Dick*
inson's Measure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MENTO, March 6.— The Governor has ye- j
toed Senator Dickinson's bill providing j
for a bureau of dairy inspection, and in a
long message picks flaws in nearly all the
provisions of the measure.
The bill provides that no dairy products
nor beef shall be sold from a herd af
fected with Texas or splenetic fever. In |
his veto message the Governor "declares
that this works a great hardship on herd
owners in the southern portion of the i
State. In discussing the disease he says
the southern cattle are not susceptible to
the ravages of the fever. They may be
infected and may even be capable of
transmitting* the disease to other cattle,
but it hurts neither their milk nor their
flesh; and to prohibit the sale of their
products would work a hardship, unjust
and unnecessary, upon them.
Again the Governor objects to that pro
vision which prohibits the sale of prod
ucts from cattle affected with contagious
pleuro-pneumonia. The Governor says
there is no pleuro-pneumonia in the
State, and to have it included in the bill
is a tacit admission that it does act
ually exist here. He believes this im
pression would do much harm to the
market for California cattle abroad, and
he did not want to approve the bill bo
long as it Included such a provision.
The Governor further objects to the lat
itude allowed tin bureau provided for by
the hill in the appointment of agent! ami
veterinary surgeons. The bureau is al
lowed twenty agents ;it $4 h day and Bye
veterinary surgeons at $S ;i day. This
expense of $120 a day, the Governor de
clares, Is exorbitant and will soon rat up
the funds allowed the bureau. Another
objection which the Governor finds to the
bill is that while it is provided that thf>
bureau should be formed of practical
dairymen, the work it is desired it should
perform is properly the work of medical
experts.
Tn conclusion, the Governor recom
mends that another bill be drawn on the
same subject, as it is one of great impor
tance. Jn pursuance of this suggestion.
Senator Dickinson is preparing another
bill in accordance with the suggestions of
the Governor, amending the references to
the diseases the Governor mentioned, ami
placing the matter of prevention and
remedying in the hands of the State quar
antine system provided for In a bill al
ready passed by the Senate.
The rules were suspended and the veto
w;is sustained by the Senate in ord- r to
clear the way for the Introduction of the
substitute bill now under preparation.
THE RAILROAD
CONSOLIDATION
BILL FAVORED
Caminetti Made a Strong but
Ineffectual Fight Against
the Measure.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— The Judiciary Com
mittee of the Assembly held a special
meeting at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon to
consider Senate bill 27. a substitute for a
bill by Valentine of Los Angeles.
The bill is designed to permit the Santa
Fe system to utilize the franchises of the
Santa Fe and Pacific Railroad Company
between Mojave and The Needles, the
Southern Pacific between Mojave and Ba
kersfleld. the San Joariuin Valley Railroad
Company between Bakersfteld and San
Francisco and the Southern California
Railway between Los Angeles and Bars
tow.
The use of all of these lines the Santa
Fe people require that they may get their
transcontinental line into San Francisco
In competiton with the lines of the Cen
tral and Southern Pacific roads.
The meeting to-day was anything but a
quiet talk. Only after the warmest argu
ment, both in open and executive session,
was the committee permitted to bring in
a recommendation that the bill pass.
Caminetti of Amador was the sole oppo
nent to the measure and he based his tight
on the idea that the bill would permit the
Southern Pacific to get control of the
Santa Fe's proposed extension.
Colonel E. F. Preston of San Francisco
appeared as representative for the Santa
Fe and San Joaquin Valley people. In
speaking: to the measure he called atten
tion to the incalculable relief which the
Santa Fe would bring to the shippers of
the State by bringing in a competing line.
He spoke of the money that would be put
in circulation by the purchase and subse
quent maintenance of the branch roads
and their ramifieatoins. It will bring into
the State, he said, new blood and new
capital.
"The present law," said Colonel' Pres
ton, "permits the consolidation of State
franchises, but the Santa Fe and Pacific,
between Moiave and The Needles, is op
erating under a Federal franchise and
over that this State has no jurisdiction
under present conditions It is to enable
the Santa Fe people to make use of this
franchise and to consolidate as a system
of its own the rights and privileges it
proposes to buy."
Mr. Caminetti broke in on Mr. Preston
at this point to ask if the State Board of
Railroad Commissioners would not lose its
right to revise or repeal the franchises in
question if they were transferred under
the provisions of the proposed law.
ADVERTISEMENTS. —
•^ •'*. V'V
I IT KNOCKS OUT PAIN. |
1 £^ When a man not yet forty feels himself old it's pretty r ugh. Pain. £
° w/i^v\ disease, oaa treatment soon pull a man down. Yes! I - my T ♦
I _//^ Dr. Sanden Electric Belt I
2 kv P^!^fite^^a Quickly builds him up. Knock? out pain and braces him with ■Strong %
t WyP^MS^PR^^H ' nerves, strong muscles, strong bodily organs. This is the way to -get *
1 ■TJ^jK-'- 1 " ' bacl; lost vital power and feel like a young man. Strength is the glory o
0 BiT^Wr ■ U m of manhood. How joyous it is to possess that buoyancy which carries £
4> Hflf i*L W you on to success! Why should weakness check your spirit or spoil our o
1 V3m- W M&S m Pleasures? Get back that magnetism which is the pride o me Kiec q
♦ - if/ 6 V in strength. All my back and kidney pains are gone, and *£ l l£ x £ ( g™ o
O ■ a a*A-. ( reduced I wish that I had gotten your Belt /«oner^ oTU if O rit Ice is t
<S> ''*■ . \-J My book. Three Classes of Men," is mailed free. Sena tor it. <?>'V
0 DP M A MpT ATTOHT TN 702 Market Street, Corner Kaarny, San Francisco |
1 UK. IU. A. ittCLAUUnLIIN, Or 20^ South Broadway. Los Angeles. ■• %
<$> Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. 6und«y 8 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. O
• O^O^O^O^O^O'^ O «S> O <S>O<S>O^>oVoVo> O^O^O-^O^O^O <$ O O -$>O4>O^O<l>O«s>O<B> o<l>O4>O<B>O^o^O^O^o 4>o^o-S>o<»o^o^«-
GRANT MEN WILL
STAND BY THEIR MAN
TALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. March 2.— The support
ers of Grant dined with their leader this evening and over the wine and
the viands discussed the situation in an informal but an earnc' man
ner. There were speeches and toasts and jokes and stories, but under it
all there was an undercurrent of something that told of another reason
fur the gathering than to discuss the excellent menu, to drink the wine
and add zest to the good cheer and joviaity.
There was little said of politics, but what was said was right to th°
point, and it was to the effect that as long r.s Grant ran see a chance
for the United States Senate so long will his men stand by him. In
standing by him it was declared by" one of the speakers they had at
Ipast saved the State from the disgrace and opprobrium that would
result from th~ election of Burns, even if their own candidate had not
yet reached the goal of his ambition.
Senator Smith spoke first of the enthusiasm of his campaign com.
rades and exhorted them to stand together as long as there was a chance.
Chynoweth and Boyce followed him in much the same strain, anc". then
Le Barmn added his word. He hoped the Legislature would n t ad
journ without electing a Senator, and he was sure if ar.v one secured th«
prize it would be Grant. He encouraged his fellow campaigners tn
stand together until the last and then, if they found they could not elect,
to go over in a solid block to some, one — not Burns — who would be as
fair and capable a representative as the man they now follow.
Grant himself spoke briefly and his words were mostly those of
gratitude and appreciation. He thanked his men heartily, he said, the
more so because they were bound to him by no tie they had not woven
themselves: they were obligated to him only by their generous sense
of loyalty and good will.
Five of the Grant m«n were absent, but all for good reasons. They
were Maggard, Works, Dale, De Lancle and Greenwell.
The banquet commenced at 6, and when the House tried to convene
at T there was no quorum. Sergeants at arms hurried around to hunt up
the recalcitrants and finally found them In a body headed for th^ Capi
tol. At tlje bar of the House the occasion was taken into consideration
and the banqueters were excused from the penalty of unlicensed ab
sence.
"The moment you transfer franchises to
foreign corporations you eliminate the
right of California to revise or repeal
them." said Mr Oaminetti. positively.
"You do not." replied Colonel Preston,
just as positively.
"Colonel Preston, I am going to ask you
a question in good faith." continued the
gentleman from Amador. "Will you an
swer it in Rood faith? Will -lot this bill
permit the Southern Pacific to buy up and
control all these lines?"
Preston replied emphatically that it
would not. ,
"Then." shouted Caminetti, "you do not
answer me in good faith. I air willing to
give the Santa Fe everything it needs,
but not one thing to the 'S. P.
Then Messrs. Dibble ana Johnson
choked Caminetti off with a demand that
the committee go into executive session
It was so ordered, after Caminetti had
made a hard fight to ask more questions,
and after it was over the committee came
into the Assembly chamber and recom
mended that the bill pass.
SANTA CLARANS
GREATLY STIRRED
UP OVER A BILL
The County Government Meas
ure Roundly Denounced
by Taxpayers.
SAN JOSE. March 6.— Residents of this
city and county are almost unanimously
opposed to the now county government
act now pending before the Senate : It
means an increase of from $40,000 to $50,000
annually in the expenses of the county.-
Several offices are created and the peo
ple's money generally ruthlessly expend
ed. Strong resolutions condemning it as
a vicious measure have been passed by
the Santa Clara County Grange, the Re
publican Good Government League and
the Farmers' Club, and forwarded to the
Santa Clara delegation at Sacramento.
Never before has any legislation for the
county aroused such ill feeling, and Sen
ator Morehouse, who Is responsible for it,
is being severely denounced.
Supervisor John Roll— The new county
government act is the greatest steal ever
perpetrated upon the county. I am against
it from start to finish. It will cost Santa
Clara County nearly $50,000 pe,r year, and
people will be in no way benefited. It
provides for a license collector, a prose
cuting attorney in Justice courts and an
additional under Sheriff, besides putting
Justices of the Peace and Constables on
good, fat salaries with all office expenses.
It is unjust to expend the people' 3 money
in this way. The cost of conducting the
county is already too high.
Supervisor S. F. Ayer— The new county
government act will make our expenses
too high and I do not favor any legisla
tion that will cinch taxpayers.
Supervisor F. M. Stern— Some parts of
it are all right, but as a whole I am
against it. I do not favor the wholesale
increase of county expenses.
County Clerk H. A. Pfister-The pro
nosed change in the county government
act will benefit us in no way. It only tends
I to increase taxation, with no correspond-
I injr benefit.
A Alloggi— It is an unjust measure.
! whose only object is to increase the ex
penses of an already too expensive coun
ty government.
Supervisor P. P. Austin-I am opposed
' to the measure as a whole, except that
i part which allows Supervisors to name
1 Supervisor G. E. Rea— The proposed
county government act in its entirety is
yi 'C. Andrews— We want no such
measure. Higher taxation and more fat
positions will not benefit Santa Clara
County. Our Senators should see that it
is defeated.
Ex-Councilman T. C. Hogan— The pro
posed new county government act will
work hardship upon taxpayers. Our taxes
are already too high. Every effort should
i be made to defeat it.
Mitchell Phillips— Such robbery as pro
posed by the county government act
should not be tolerated by Santa Clarans.
We have too many worthless offices now,
let alone creating more fat sits for gang
politicians. The adding of $40,000 to a
I yearly expense of running the county will
i be detrimental to our interests. Too much
Fower is centralized in the Supervisors,
am opposed to the measure.
Judge J. R. Lewis— The present county
government act is bRd enough. Now th^y
propose to cinch us for some $40,000 more
each year. All the corrupt politicians of
the county have been to Sacramento "log
rolling in the interest of the act. which
will give fat positions to Johnnie Mac
kenzie and others of his ilk. Legislator*
who vote for the measure should be sent
to San Quentin.
Mayor J. C. Martin— Anything that in
creases taxation ought to be defeated and
I am against the county government act.
M. O'Brien— We want no such legisla
tion for our county.
J. 11. Henry— The county government
act should be defeated by all means.
T. C. MacChesney — Our Senators and
Assemblymen must "see that it is defeat
ed if they wish the respect of their con
stituents.
Nicholas Bowden— l am opposed to any
such measure.
Lawrence Archer— The people should
use every effort to have the measure
killed in the Senate or Governor Gage
veto U.
E. McLaughlin— The county government
act is designed to benefit politicians and
I am satisfied nearly every taxpayer in
the county is arrayed against it.
D. M. Burnett— No such legislation aa
that for me.
MERCHANTS AFRAID OF
AN OBSCURE CLAUSE
Several of the measures now pending
before the Legislature contain clausge re
ferring to railroad corporations and
transportation companies operating lines
in the State— lnnocent clauses apparently,
but in several instances so constructed as
to be capable of various interpretations.
One of these measures in particular, a
bill introduced in the Senate by Senator
Braunhart, contains a provision that in
the case of a railroad corporation pur
chasing the property of another corpora
tion of a similar character the rates in
effect on the lines of the purchased road
shall not be Changed. It is whispered
that this is an attempt to take the con
trol of all the railroads in the State out
of the hands of the State authorities, in
asmuch as legislation cannot be made to
apply to one road alone. The bill is sup
posed to refer to the purchase of the Val
ley road by the Santa Fe. and it is ar
gued that if the Railroad Commissioners
are shorn of authority to regulate the
rates of that road th?ir authority to reg
ulate rates on all other lines will cease
at the same time. The matter was called
to the attention of the Merchants' Asso
ciation yesterday afternoon, and whilp
there was no direct evidence that such
was the intent of Braunhart's bill it was
deemed the part of wisdom to take pre
cautions to prevent the passage of any
measure which might conflict with the
interests of the people of the State. Ac
cordingly, the following telegram was dis
patched' to the chairmen of the Senate
and Assembly Judiciary Committees and
to certain members of the Legislature:
"The Merchants' Association of San
Francisco opposes any legislation which
relinquishes the control of the State of
California over the franchises, properties
and lines of railroads now built or Which
may hereafter be constructed in this
State or which waives the right of the
State to control and regulate their bonded
indebtedness and passenger and freight
rates, and urges that such reservations
shall be specifically inserted in every
SUCh ASSOCIATION."
HARBOR COMMISSION
BILL TO THIRD READING
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March The substitute for
Dickinson's Harbor Commission bill was
passed to third reading by the Senate this
evening after an amendment submitted
by Larue had been voted down by an al
most strict party vote.
The substitute provides that upon the
organization of the 'hew board of five it
shall appoint such officers and employes
as may be necessary. Larue's amendment
added a clause to the second section of
the substitute which provided that noth
ing in the act should be taken to apply to
the present officers and employes and
that they should continue i on Older their
present appointments until their terms
When P the amendment had beer > read
Dickinson rose and said he amendment
was so evidently in the t r^ tt ° o f rn^ v
Governor Budd. who is now the .attorney
for the board, that he hoped that it »ouia
be voted down. The attorney, he said, was
the only one who would be affected b> the
provision allowing the- new h £ ar , a *o >£ bill
appointments. : Braunhart asked if the billMOREHOUSE RELENTS AND
WILL NOT KILL EDITORS
CAT.T, HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, March 6.— Senator
Morehouße of Santa Clara has authorized the statement that he will
•withdraw what is known as the justifiable homicide bill when It next
comop before the. Senate for action. The bill, by its provisions, makes
justifiable the killing of a newspaper proprietor, editor or writer by
a person who has be^n falsely, attacked by the publication of libelous
or Blanderous accusations. The proposed law has created much com
ment sinco its introduction, and Senator Morehouse's determination to
withdraw it meets with popular approval.
or the substitute did not expressly provide
i r the of all the employes
um'.er that provision which allowed tho
r,f>w board upon organization to appoint
f=ueh o!!Wra and employes as it found
sary. but he received no answer, and
mendment went to a vote. The
chair decided the noes were a majority. A
nil was demanded and the result
' thp folowing vote.
Ayr?- Braunhart. Curtin. Davis. Doty,
F^eney, Hall. Larue, Pace. Prlsk. Sims
—11.
Nnnp-Bettman. Burnett. Cutter, Dlck-
Inson, Gillette. Jones. I^aird. Luchsinger.
Morehouse, Nutt. Shortridge, Taylor,
Trout. Wolfe — 15.
Abs»nt-Ashe. Boyce, Bulla. Chapman,
Currier. Dwyer, Hoev. I.angford. Leavitt,
Maggard. Simpson. Strßtton— l2.
P : " Rowell. Smith— 2.
The bill wtl now come up for third road-
Ing, when the fight will .be made upon It.
♦-
COUNTY GOVERNMENT
BILL IN A BAD WAY
CAT.L, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 6.— There is trouble ahead
for the county government bill. It iB
finding active enemies in both the Senate,
and Assembly, and the chances are that
it will never reach the Governor. Oppo
sition has even pone so far as an inten
tion to move to have the enacting clause
ptricken from It, a plan that was to be put
In operation In the Assembly to-morrow
morning; but this has given' way to an
other plan, the distinctive feature of
Which is to refer the measure back to the
County Government Committee ajid there
let It die. The fact that the county, gov
ernment bill of the last Legislature has
been in effect only since the Ist of last
January is the most serious obstacle In
the progress of the one brought up at this
Fes=sipn. It Is claimed the one now in
force Is good enough: that the one under
consideration will take weeks of time in
Its consideration ami that as events so
far seem to indicate there Is a strong dis
position to so amend the present measure
vs 1 to make it Identical with the one of
. two' years ago.
In the Assembly the leaders in the oppo
sition are .'•.::;• rich. Blood and Caminetti,
Lacked by the San Francisco delegation.
They declare that if the bill is rereferred
to the committee it will, never leave there
r.gain this session, and Meltck. the chair
man of that committee, is reported to
have agreed that it should be so.
In the Senate it is not expected the bill
will be defeated, but it is certain if it
ever should get through it will be amend
ed so It would hardly know Itself. There
have been two important amendments
passed upon so far in the Senate, and
both have been reamended'to bring the
bill back to where it started from by the
la^t of two years ago. Senator Curtln has
announced that he will withdraw all the
amendments he has proposed for the
benefit of Tuulumne County, and the Ala
meda delegates, or some of them, have
shown a decided intention to spit some of
. the clauses relating to Alameda upon
' : their disapproval. There are other Sen
ators, too, who think the measure at this
/etage of the session would be a waste of
time, and among them all It is liable to
fare badly.
The lawyers are the most complicated in
their opposition. Senator Curtin explains
that he is going- to withdraw his amend
ments for tear of jeopardizing the sal
aries of the present officers of his county
In a vain endeavor to benefit them. Under
the-cor.stitutlon no act can be passed rais
ing the salary of any one in office at the
time the act is passed, so it is plain, even
If the sent act could be amended to
give Tuolumne that increase in salaries
•which every one on the floor is willing to
concede is her due, still the raise could not
.be applied until two years from now and
then the text census will have been com
pleted and Tuolumn* will have been pro-
jnoted to another class, for her population
warants it even now, and then there will
be a new -salary schedule to apply in her
case. To put in any amendment that tends
to raise salaries. Senator Curtin reasons,
•would only lay present salaries under a
clnud.
Most of the important amendments are
on this subject of salaries, and the rea
sons advanced for withdrawing the
amendments for Tuolumne apply In other
cas.es and most of them, too, will be with
drawn. ' ; ' .' ■ .
The committee has done a great deal of
■work on the bill and has proceeded in a
manner calculated to satisfy every one.
In th* committee meetings every amend
ment affecting any one county and sub
mitted by. that county's proper represent
ative was put into this bill without ques
tion and only those amendments affecting
the general" provisions of the measure
were discussed by the committeemen. As
a consequence the bill, so far as it relates
ta the individual counties, has been made
■Jf, practically by the county itself, but a
combination of circumstances is agnlnst
it and it will pass only by good fortune.
Senator Storehouse, chairman of the
Bcriate Committee on County Government,
and chairman of the joint sessions of the
Senate and Assembly committees, has
}K-ard nothing definite of any intention to
kill the bill "I would be sorry to see it
killed." he said, "for we have spent a
Krt-at iical of work upon It- We have
given every one a chance to see that his
c'ountv was dealt with fairly, and I see no
reason why the bill should not go through.
But if they want to kill it I suppose they
. can.*'
PROGRESS MADE WITH
THE APPROPRIATION BILL
CAM. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEXTO. March 6.— The general appro
priation bill came up In the Assembly
: again to-day and considerable progress
•was made with it before adjournment
v:is taken.
The principal contention arose over the
amount allowed for the support of the
Stockton Insane Asylum. As the bill was
drafted by the "Ways and Means Com
mittee It allowed the -asylum $203,000—
JCXX) less than the appropriation of two
3 c.irs ago. Dunlap of Stockton moved
to lend by making the allowance $213,
--000, but Valentine, chairman of the com
mittee, opposed him Vigorously. John-
Fen 'of Sacramento backed Dunlap, and
"they both contended that the asylum
•would need more money because of the
liigher price of staples and the estimated
• increase' sn the number of inmates. Val
entine pulled figures on" them to proVe
that the number of Inmates was less on
January I of this year than on the same
dat" in 1598. Caminelti supported him
• v.-itli the statement that fully $10,000 la
row realized by the asylum every two
years from the care of private patients,
and this amount, he said, had not been
figured when the committee, made its
• estimate?. - ,' . /"■
'- When the amendment came to a vote
it was knocked out by but two or three
votes All of the appropriations for the
. Commissioner of Public Works were
stricken from the bill, as there is now a
' .measure on the files which does away
with the office. i ■'.-■-'.:.'
The appropriations killed are the Com
missioner's salary for twenty months,
$M 00: salary of secretary, 13000; printing;
""■ The salaries of the Code Commlssion
ers and their 'secretary were brought In
question by Johnson, but Caminetti, one
of the commission, explained that the
work in hand was not finished, but would
probably be within the coming two years.
The appropriations were allowed to
M The appropriation of $93,000 for the sala
ries of officers of the Southern California
Hospital for the Insane is $20,000 greater
than that of '97, and the fact was re
k marked by Johnson.
<* Valentine explained that the Institution
was greatly . overcrowded and .that the
number of inmates had- largely increased.
He was supported by Wade and Ather
ton who Inspected the institution. They
paid" that the place was so crowded that
a number of the inmates were compelled
to sleep In the basement. Johnson with
drew his objection and the Items ere al
lowed to stand.
For the salaries of the officers of the
TWkoley institution for the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind $9500 is appropriated.
Mead of I,os Angeles offered an amend
ment providing that all perquisites re
ceived by the superintendent of the in
stitution be turned over to the State.
Speaking to the amendment he said he
understood the superintendent had not
only a fat salary, but made good money
by a system of perquisites which rightly
belonged to the State.
Ex-Speaker Wright attempted to reply,
but found he had not come prepared, and
gave way to Dibble.
Dibble explained that a bill was already
passed covering Mead's amendment, and
the Southerner withdrew.
The biH witt be given further considera
tion to-morrow afternoon.
GAMBLERS FALL OUT,
PUBLIC MAY PROFIT
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— Dan Burns and his
racing associates in their efforts to se
cure for themselves a monopoly of
gambling privileges in San Francisco
have antagonized other gamblers and
now find themselves . opposed by a
strong delegation which is determined
to fight the proposition to prohibit bet
ting on horse races except within a
race track lnclosure.
There arrived in Sacramento to
night a delegation headed by Henry
Schwartz, Harry Corbett and others.
These men declare that Burns^ Joe
T'llman, Henry J. Crocker and Ed Cor
rigan are making an attempt to create
by legislative enactment a gambling
trust. In other words they are at
tempting to legalize their own cam-
Ming game and at the same time pre
vent others of their ilk from partici
pating In it.
Th>> fact is Bet forth that Corrigan
and t'llman have ruined racing in the
East and have by their methods closed
up every race track with which they
have been associated. They now pro
pose to come to California and secure
a gambling monopoly which will en
able them to rob the public to the total
exclusion of others who are more en
titled to such privileges than they. The
men who are here tv fight Burns and
Corrigan propose to get their share of
gambling privileges, if any are granted.
They will expose the methods of Burns,
Corrigan and Crocker and give the pub
llc the benefit of some inside history of
the racing game. _
DUNLAP SAYS IT
WON'T BE BURNS
STOCKTON. Marc. i C — Assemblyman
F. E. Dunlap spent Sunday in Stock
ton. "Are we going to elect a United
State.* Senator?" was asked of the leg
islator.
"Yes, we are," replied he, with a con
fidence seemingly born of certainty.
•Who will it be?"
"Irving M. Scott. You can put In
your bonnet that bee. Before the end
o£ the next week Scott will be there all
right."
"How about Dan?"
"Well, it's this way: If it has to be
Dan Burns the Legislature will not elect
j a Senator.. That is the way it looks to
! me."
"What about Barnes?"
"Well, Barnes is a good man. Next
to Scott he is the best man," said the
1 ardent supporter of the big shipbuilder.
j Dunlap was the first man to cast a vote
for Scott and was alone for several
days. Now he has five companions.
Justice in the State.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— Senate constitutional
amendments 1, 2. 12, 13 and IS were all
lumped together in one substitute by the
Senate to-day. They are amendments re
lating to changes in the system of jus
tice in this State and include several im
portant features.
The most pronounced innovation provid
ed for in the amendments is a Court of
Appeals, two tribunals of intermediate
jurisdiction between the present Superior
<v>urts and the Supreme Court. In the
substitute two of these courts were pro
vided for and it was further provided that
they should have but twenty cases under
consideration at th»> same time. When
the substitute was adopted by the Senate
Senator Dickinson moved to amenri it by
adding a provision for a third appellate
court a.nd raising the number of cases
allowed to be under consideration at one
time to fifty. Tbj? amendment was added
to the substitute and the whole went to
print and third reading.
"Cinch" Bills Not Wanted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— Three bills which
have had the appearance nf being "cinch"
hills, and which have caused much con
sternation In incorporated business cir
cles, canve before the Assembly Commit
tee on Corporations this afternoon and
were reported back, allowing the author
to withdraw them. The bills are num
bers 715, 716 and 717. All three were in
troduced by Assemblyman Kelsey and all
relate to the government of corporations,
more especially those pertaining to min
ing. It was rumored that the bills were
Introduced to freeze out certain mining
corporations and the appearance of them
before the Assembly has been looked for
by a number of mining corporations.
Those interested will lie pleased to know
that the bills met their quietus before
reaching the floor of the Assembly.
Seawall Bill Passed.
call Headquarters, sacra-
MENTO, March 6. — Senator Braun- '
hart's seawall bill was put on its
final passage In the Assembly to-day and •
went -through with not much opposition.
Tho bill has been amended and reamend- '
ed to such an extent that its basic pro- ■
vision is about all that remains to the !
original. A number of objectionable fea- ;
tures have been eliminated and necessary i
features have been added. One of these
latter, by Caminetti. the nrnst important '■
of ihe lot. provides that the bell line rail- i
road shall be built as rapidly as the sea
wall is extended. The Senate must con- i
cur in the Assembly amendments before
the bill can go to the < Jovernor.
Action on Appropriations.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March C— The regular weekly
report of the Assembly Ways and Means
Committee filed thin afternoon shows a
total of $5,478,288 67 in appropriations
which have been referred to the com
mittee
Of this amount $2,208,401 28 has been rec
ommended to pass. Appropriations aggre
gating $575,332 have been unfavorably re
ported, ${08,845 referred to other commit
tees, $543,025 sent back to the Assembly
with no recommendation at all and $791,
--542 06 recommended for withdrawal.
There still await the committees con
sideration appropriations aggregating
$951,139 34.
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Brnmo Quinine Tablets removes the
cause that produces La Grippe. The genuine
has L. B. <J. on each Tablet. ißc. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
MISS WALSH
IS AT LAST
VINDICATED
She Scores aTriumph
in "La Tosca."
OFFENBACH AT THE TIVOU
ALHAMBRA OPENS WITH PAT
RIOTIC MELODRAMA.
A New English Farce at the Alcazar.
Miss Waldorf in "The Hunch
back'* — New Vaude
ville.
Ttevenge is 3weet. I can see Blanche
Walsh reading the newspapers this
morning and enjoying a well-earned
gloat at our expense. Once upon a
time this same young woman appeared
here without signal success, and— well,
you remember the sort of town she
called us. But now at last she is come
into her own ~nd the laugh is on" the
other side.
In "La Tosca," at the Columbia Thea
ter last night, she had a part to play,
and she played it as no other woman
has played it in English, and her
triumph in the presence of an audience
that was at first none too hopeful and
sympathetic was overwhelmingly com
plete. After the premature disclosure
of Janet Waldorf and the unskilled
genius of Nance O'Neil, Miss Walsh's
strenuous acting and disciplined tem
perament are doubly welcome. She is
not a question of the morrow, but a
good, glad fact of to-day. She is an
actress- to be reckoned with seriously.
To say she has fallen into the mantle
of the late Fanny Davenport would be
cheap praise. She acted Tosca last
night as Fanny Davenport never dared
to act it. She is indebted to Miss Dav
enport for the play, the "production,"
Melbourne Macdowell. and the oppor
tunity — that is all.
As far back as I can accurately re
member Fanny Davenport was a
plump, amiable person, who never
struck the real spark, but who was al
ways fairly reliable and who always
attended to it that her productions
were sumptuously and artistically
scened and furnished. Scenic sumptu
ousness was not conspicuous last night.
It was perhaps the same scenery, but
grown tired with the years. Mr. Mac
dowell was unchanged— the same large,
industrious personality. The play was
the same old Sardou melodrama—bru
tal, shocking and obviously sensational
(but not, I may add, larded with ob
scene religious flubdub, a la "Sign of
the Cross"). But the woman, Floria
Tosca, was new, and she gripped you
at times almost— l say it in modesty—
as Bernhardt used to do.
The most notable quality 5n Miss
Walsh's impersonation was in its in
genuousness. Throughout the various
scenes of love, jealousy, terror, revul
sion and despair this ingenuousness
■was never wholly absent. Floria was
always a girl whose heart was love
and whose head was heart; she was
unaffected, unheroic— even In the big
moment when she stabbed Scarpla the
keynote was simplicity, and I am glad
to mention that she did not end this
scene with the usual theatrical device
of placing candles at the dead man's
head.
It must .not be Inferred that Miss
Walsh's impersonation was in any
sense anaemic or overrepressed. It was
full of flesh and blood and gave prac
tically unlimited vent to vocal and
facial expression, but it was played
from the inside, so to say, without ap
parent theatricallsm and with the un
erring spell of sincerity. Miss Walsh
has not only the talent, the mimetic
gift, the human voice and the magnetic
personality, but she has the technique.
She is an artist. Blanche Walsh has
vindicated herself and the equine is
happily on us. So fall in line and do
the proper thing and there will not be
as much vacant upholstery in the Co
lumbia as there was last night.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Alhambra.
The glory of the melodrama did not
flicker and die when Morosco's closed Its
hlood-and-thunder past and entered upon
its new career of high prices and grand
opera, for when it left the south-of-Mar-.
ket it dawned with a more effulgent glory
in the commodious Alhambra, north of
the cable slot.
Kids! Kids! Kids! They bubbled over
in the gallery; they whistled and stamped
and yelled with rage, when Captain Mo
lino the Spanish villain, immured the
beautiful American girl in Morro Castle,
and they shrieked with delight when Lieu
tenant "Hand defied the Spaniard to his
Never was there seen such patriotism
in a playhouse as there was exhibited in
the Alhambra on its opening night. San
I-fruno must have gone flowerless if all
the bouquets came from there that were
thrown over the footlights. E. J. Holden.
an old-time favorite, was received with a
yell of delight that even his Spanish uni
form could not smother.
Tivoll.
Offenbach's mythological comic opera.
"La Belle Ilelene. " was presented at the
Tivoll last night to a crowded house.
The almost continuous applause oi the
large audience showed how well the ef
forts of the artistes were appreciated.
Orplieum.
The Orpheum has several big hits on
the new bill. The Twins Marco scored
the biggest, with Ola Hayden a close sec
ond and then in order the Fortunis broth
ers ' Hayden and Hetherton and Niven's
monkeys and baboons. The Twins Mar
co are genuine human oddities, one. being
6 feet 3 inches and the other only 3 feet 3.
Olympia.
Sherman and Morrisey are the cards at
the Olympia. with Querita Vincent and
her bright new songs the reigning favor
ite La«t night she got four encores and
then the audience was not willing to let
her go.
Alcazar.
"A Man With a Past" was produced
last evening by the Alcazar stock com
nany to a fairly good audience. The niece
U a comedy with many amusing situa
tions in it ar.d by this evening there is
every possibility that it will be running
smoothly. ' .
New Comedy.
Miss Janet Waldorf played at the
New Comedy last evening in the leading
role of the Hunchback. There was a
large audience present and she was called
upon to respond to several curtain calS
during the evening.
The Ellis Season.
The sale of single seats for the twelve
performances of the Ellis Opera Company
opened at the Grand . Opera-house with
an immense rush yesterday. From 9 in
the morning until 6 at night the line waa
unbroken and the receipts amounted to
over J14.-000.
Sousa Concer's.
The advance sale for the three additional
concerts to be given by Sousa at the
California Theater begins this morning at
the box office. __
Los Angeles' Opera.
Los Angeles is to have a season of sum
mer opera, and the promoter has been in
this city securing talent. Among his not
able engagements has. been that of Mr.
and Mrs. Lissenden, who traveled two
seasons with the "Wang" company.
Chutes.
Ethel Lynwood. the "human knot," who
made her first appearance at the Chutes
Free Theater last evening, is by all
odds the best contortionist who ever
twisted In San Francisco.
Steeplechase.
The public has quickly recognized the
fun of the Steeplechase at Central Park.
OF A LITERARY TASTE.
Bert Roberts' Fondness for Books
Lands Him in a Prison Cell.
Last evening a well-dressed, middle
aged man walked into Cooper's book store
and purchased two books. As he was
leaving the proprietor missed two other
volumes, and noticed a suspicious bulge
In the stranger's pockets. He followed
him to the door and called him back, but
the stranger instead of returning started
to run down the street.
Detective Sullivan and Officer Murphy
were attracted by the unusual scene and
placed the man under arrest. When
searched at the Central police station he
hud the two volumes, entitled "Potter
of Texas" and "Barnes of New York,"
in his possession. He gave the name of
Bert Roberts and said he was attracted
by the upoks and could not resist the
temptation of taking them with him.
THEIR DREAM OF
LOVE SHATTERED
DANIEL SHEA AND MAMIE MTL
LER ARE DISENCHANTED.
Became Acquainted Through a Matri
monial Paper and the Police
Are Now in the Game.
Mamie Miller of St. Louis. Mo., and
Daniel Shea, a member of the notorious
Shea family, better known as "scarred
face Dan." got acquainted through a mat
rimonial paper and started a eorrespopd
ence. Dan represented in his letters that
he was a wealthy dealer in horses and
had a pleasant home, was handsome and
domestic in his habits; while Mamie
wrote him that she was an heiress, of
handsome presence and engaging man
ners.
Finally Dan wrote her on January 16
to come" to this city and they could get
married and settle down. She arrived
here a few days later, and when they
met each nearly had a fit. Mamie is far
from prepossessing, and her whole for
tune consisted of $20 which she brought
with her. Dan's face is badly scarred
from the effects of vitriol which his now
deceased wife in a fit of jealousy threw
on it. Mamie's love dream waa soon dis
pelled.
Yesterday MJss Miller swore to a com
plaint in Judge Graham's court, charging
Dan with betrayal under promise of mar
riage as they had agreed notwithstand
ing their disenchantment to get mar
ried; but Dan now refuses to carry out
his part of the agreement, although he
borrowed $10 from her.
FORWARD FILLMORE STREET
The reorganization of the Fill more
Street Improvement Club has been ac
complished by the election of the follow
ing officers: Dr. Charles V. Cross, presi
dent; J. H. McKnight. first vice presi
dent; W. H. Hazell. -second vice president;
\ J Vinlng treasurer; John Henderson,
secretary, and Lloyd C. Dietz. sergeant at
arms Executive committee— K 1 . H. Gould,
J. H. McKnighT, John Henderson, W. H.
Hazell and A. J. Vining.
It Is the purpose of the present club of
ficers to work for improvements not alone
on Fillmo're street, but in the adjoining
sections. The first movements to be made
by this club will be to have Fillmore
street paved with bitumen from Sutter to
Jackson, and Bush street put in a pasa
able condition for teams.
Starving for Want of Work.
A pitiful case of destitution is reported
In a lodging-house at 12 Twelfth street,
where E. A. Waller, with a wife and four
small children, the oldest of them 5 years,
is on the brink of starvation and about
to be turned into the street. Waller is a
willing worker, and will put his hands to
any kind of toil, but- hours spent in quest
of employment have only resulted in
naught. The landlord threatens to eject
him from his premises, as he is $7 delin
quent in his rent, and his friends ask the
aid of the public in securing Waller em-,
ployment that he may provide food and
shelter for his family.
Kilpatrick Is Victor.
The records of the Supreme Court now
show that J. C. Kilpatri-k h:is won his .
suit against the Board of Education. He
was principal of the Business Evening)
School under the last board, and because j
he told some unpleasant truths abo-ut the !
selling of positions by the School Direc- i
tors he was disciplined by dismissal. Ac- !
tion was brought fur reinstatement, and
after the old board was <>ut <>/ office the
Supreme Court decided in Kilpatrlck's fa
vor. The new board revived the action,
the former order was vacated and the ]
new board substituted. Yesterday the i
action was dismissed and JKilpatriek has j
won reinstatement.
R. W. Madden Promoted.
R. W. Madden was transferred yester
day from the city delivery department
of the Postofflce to the office of Chief
Munro of the Postoffice Inspectors' serv
ice where he will act as clerk, in place
of Clerk Brincker, who has been assigned
to duty as inspector.
Assessor's Men in the Field.
Assessor Dodge sent eighty deputies out
yesterday to assess the real estate and
personal property in this city. Each will
have a separate district and the work
will be prosecuted vigorously until they
have covered the entire city.
Work of the Governor.
CALX, .HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— Governor Gage this
morning sent word to the Assembly that
he had approved Assembly bill .T75, which
provides that the canvassing of election
returns must c»ntinue each day after
election, Sundays and holidays excented,
until the work Is finished, and at least
six hours each day must be given to the
work. A second and third message, die
approved Assembly bills 24 and 2fp, relat
ing to the operation of search warrants
in cases in which the person against
whom the warrant is issued is suspected
of having a trade marked siphon, keg or
bottle which he intends filling a second
time. .
Oakland Harbor Bill Passed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— Senator Leavltt's
Oakland harbor bill passed the Assembly
to-day as it was amended on Friday. It
went through without discussion, with a
vote in its favor of 50 to 8. Leavitt's bill
creates a commission of threo members
and it enables the cityof Oakland to give
the uso of its water front to the State,
while not conferring the title. It formu
lates an elaborate system of dock rules
and regulations and is designed to put
Oakland's shipping facilities on the foot
ing they should be. The bill was trans
mitted to the Senate for concurrence in
the Assembly amendment.
Mendocino Hospital Favored.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— The Mendocino Stale
Hospital seems to have been especially fa
vored by the Senate Finance Committee
this afternoon, for it reported back to the
Senate two bills making appropriations
for the improvement of that institution.
Bill 70 asking for $17.n00. was cut "down to
$11,500, -while bill 80 was allowed the full
amount, $20,000. Assembly bill CCS was
also reported without disapproval. It ap
propriates $25,000 for the construction of
a wagon road from Sacramento to Fol
iom State Prison.
CUBANS FATTEN
ON FREE FOOD
Impostors Prey Upon
Uncle Sam.
CHARITY THAT GOES ASTRAY
INCREASED REQUISITIONS FOR
RATIONS.
American Distributors Unable to Dis
criminate Between the
Idle and the
Needy.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
HAVANA. March 6.— For the month
of March the various provinces, except
ing the province of Santiago, have
made requisition for two million ra
tions. Thus, instead of diminishing, the
requisition has doubled since that of
January 1. This is due partly to the
fact that the Cubans use every possi
ble opportunity to get rations under
false pretenses, and partly to the fact
that the American distributors are un
able to discriminate properly between
impostors and the really needy. The
requisition for the province of Havana
for March is 650,000 rations. Major
General Ludlow has given the strictest
order that the distributors in Havana
sha.ll, as far as possible, give only to
persons really 111, utterly unable to
work, or of advanced age, and that ap
plicants who are proved guilty of mis
representing their condition shall be se
verely punished.
The supply ship Comal, with a million
rations, will proceed to Matanzas and
Keuvitas to unload to-morrow.
The Cuban military assembly held a
third secret session this afternoon, a
guard being placed around the house
whore the meeting was held and the
public being rigorously excluded from
the precincts. The assumption is that
the mysterious $12,000,000 proposal
fathered by Senor Farres is still under
discussion.
General Maximo Gomez ignores the
assembly. With the disarming of the
army the assembly's functions will dis
appear. It is rumored to-day that the
members are considering an early dis
solution.
An unconfirmed report is in circula
tion of riotous disturbances by Cubans
at Puerto Principe.
La Discussion publishes an alleged
interview with Major General Wilson,
Military Governor of Matanzas, which
represents him as having said to the
Cuban general, Pedro Betancourt. that
hp expected to leave Cuba soon and
that, therefore,, the work of appointing
n»w civil administrators for the Dro
vince must be hastened.
Jose Maria Gomez has been apnoint
ed Civil Governor of Santa Clara.
PRIVATE B. F. JOSLIN
TOO FREE WITH TONGU •
MAKES STRONG CHARGES AND
THEN RkGRETo IT.
Private B. F. .Toslln, a member of the
Third Heavy Artillery, stationed at Alca
traz Island, has created no end of trouble
for himself, his Immediate superiors and
Major General Shafter by a too free use
of Ms tongue. About two weeks ago he
attended a class meeting In the First M.
E. Church and voluntarily Informed
Pastor Urmy and those present that he
had been maltreated by the officers of
his battery. He stated that while in hos
pital at Fort Mason he suffered from a
lack of food and was compelled to send
$10 to the city for the necessaries of life,
and. further, when he returned to his
battery he was compelled to serve in the
canteen against his expressed wish, and
was threatened with imprisonment if he
declined to obey orders.
The statement was reiterated to Dr.
Urmy after the meeting, and the latter
told his fellow-pastors at the next meet
ing of the Methodist Ministers' Union the
facts as he knew them. A committee,
consisting of the reverend gentleman, Dr..
Wilson and Dr. Beard, was appointed to
investigate the matter. Dr. Urmy
wrote a letter to General Shafter, stating
the facts, and in answer received the fol
lowing letter, which was read at the
weekly meeting yesterday:
• Headauarters Department of California,
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 2S. 1599.
Rev. W. S Urmy. Pastor First M. E. Church,
.«un Francisco— Dear Sir: Referring to your let
ter of recent date enclosing statement of com
mittee with reference to tlie service of Private
B F. Joslin in the "canteen" at Alcatraz
Inland I have to say I immr-iliat.ly sent one
of my staff to investigate the case, cautioning
him to do so In such a manner as not to give
rise to a belief that I'rivat.- Joslin had made
any complaint. Private Joslin on being ques
tioned stated that he had no objection what
ever to working in the "canteen" or handling
or *- -lling beer. That he had not and did not
oMect to being detailed for the duty. He was"
informed that as the duty was not strictly in
th« line of what might be termed military
duty he had a perfect right to object to per
forrr.'ing the duties. That as he was paid ex
tn for the service by the "•canteen" manage
ment the service was voluntary on his part,
nml that he would not be compelled to per
form the duties If he wished to avoid doing so.
He replied thnt he understood the situation,
but that he had no objection whatever to per
forming the duties.
Private Joslin was also questioned as to his
treatment while in the hospital. He said that
It was his opinion that the reason why he was
not given more to eat while In the hospital was
becauie the surgeon in charge wished him to
havp a light diet. That he had not applied to
friends for food, but that when they vißlted
him they offered to nend things to him, and
that they did. He did not have to pay for what
* 'V hop" this will be satisfactory to you and
the other members of the committee". There
seems to have been some misapprehension or
misunderstanding between the man ami those
who a-e interested in him. He stated in the
course of the investigation that some person
In the city might object to his working In the
"canteen." but that he had no objection hlm
uf>u Very respectfully,
self. \ery r WIIyLIAM M SHAFTER,
Major General V. S. V . Commander.
JosUn was seen on Alcatraz Island yes
terday, and made the following state-
m "Bß>ther Urmy was mistaken when he
saidl was given no food while in the hos
nltal It was furnished me. but was of
the poorest Quality. / I was detailed to
work in the canteen, and stayed there one
day but as the work was against my
religious principles I asked and was
riven permission by Lieutenant Haynes
to return to my company. I am sorry
this sot out. as it is_ likely to hurt me dur
ing my enlistment."
n.wnte.r Charees of Battery.
Tho cases of A. Poulin, foreman, and
A F. Markham. engineer for the Eisen
Vineyard Company, charged with battery
on Special Officer Trade, were dismissed
yesterday by Acting Police Judge Groe
ziriger, as the complainant failed to ap
pear ' Attorney Black, who represented
th.-' defendants, at once made a counter
charKe of battery against Trade.
Trade surrendered himself yesterday at
the City Prison and was released on his
own recognizance. He says he will re
nuest 'he court to put Poulin s case back
on the calendar, as ho understood' the ac
tion was not to be tried until to-morrow.
Trade i-« employed by tho crematory com
pany and says' that he brought three of
ficers of the Health Board to the vineyard
company's establishment to prove to them
that the latter concern was burning gar
bage contrary to the law. when Poulin
ana Markham assaulted him.
SLEW HIS WIFE
AND FOUR BABES
Kansas Man's Horrible
Crime.
JOHN GILBERT'S CONFESSION
MURDERED HIS FAMILY WITH
A HAMMER.
After the Killing of the First Child
. the Mother Sought in Vain to
Escape to a Neighbor's
House.
Sr>«ciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, March 6.— A special
to the Star from Emporta. Kan., says:
John Gilbert, in the County Jail, to-day
confessed to having brutally murdered
his wife and four small children near
Enterprise, Kan., last Tuesday. Gil
bert, for ■whom a reward had been of
fered, was arrested here yesterday. He
feigned not to know of the crime, and
to-day at first shammed insanity.
Finally, hard pressed by Sheriff O'Con
nor, Gilbert confessed.
Gilbert said he was badly In debt, and
had been trying to leave Enterprise for
a long time. He could not take his
family, he said, and offered his wife a
divorce.
"She kept nagging at me about tho
children," said Gilbert. "I told my wife
if she would give me $10 I'd leave and
never bother her any more. During the
night I got up and went out into the
yard. Coming back I picked up a ham
mer and hit the baby on the head. My
wife ran out Into the road and was go-
Ing over to the neighbors. I ran after
her and caught her. She said she'd
come back if I'd behave, and I thought
I would then. But when we got in—
why, the baby was thrashing about on
the bed and when I saw it I could not
hold myself, but hit my wife on the
head and pounded her until she could
not move and then took the children."
When asked why he did it, Gilbert
said:
"I don't know. It seemed like I just
couldn't help it. after seeing the baby
there on the bed."
POLICE STOP THE FIGHT.
Save Carkeek From a Knockout at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 6.— Charles Selna,
the baseball player, all but put out
Thomas Carkeek at Agricultural Pavil
ion this evening in a ten-round contest.
During the first part both men fiddled.
In the third, fifth, seventh, ninth and
tenth rounds there were several sharp
rallies. Both men mixed things in the
final, and it was one of the hottest
rounds ever witnessed here. Selna landed
a right on his opponent's jaw and sent
him down and would have finished him
had not the police interfered. "Jack"
MrMahon, the referee, decided It a draw.
MrMahon secured a decision over George
Smith in the sixth round.
To Match Lavigne and Burg©.
BOSTON. March 6.— A forfeit of $500 was I
posted to-day by William McPherson In |
support of an offer to match "Kid"' La- j
vigne against "Dick*" Burge for $2500 a i
side and a purse of $2000 offered by the j
Bollngbroke Club. London, if $500 be al- j
lowed for Lavigne's expenses. If Burge |
will come to this country and fight at the
Lenox Club. New York, $500 will be al
lowed htm for expenses. The men are to
tight at 144 pounds, a demand made by
Burge.
Wheelmen's League Meetings.
MONTREAL. Quebec. March 6.— A con
ference between the world's bicycle meet
committee and Fred Porter of Boston,
representing the League of American
Wheelmen, was held here to-day. It was
decided to hold the world's meet in
Montreal on August 7 to 12, and the
League of American Wheelmen's cham
pionships In Boston, August 14 to 19.
SHOULD NOT RELEASE
ARTICLES IN HIS CARE
JUSTICE COOK GIVES JUDGMENT
AGAINST A SHERIFF.
Justice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook renr
dered a decision yesterday in the case of
Charles A. Lane against ex-Sheriff Rich
ard I. Whelan, and in so doing denned
the duties of a Sheriff. Attorney Frank
Schilling represented Lane in this suit, as
he did in the original one against Amanda
J. Fennell, or Marceau, out of which It
grew. ■■".• •"■ ■<
Mr. Whelan. while Sheriff.- levied on a
lot of bric-a-brac, a piano and some fur
niture belonging to Mrs. Fennell. While
held by him a claim was made for the ar
ticles and they were released without no
tice to the levying creditor. Justice Cook
went fully Into the law Involved in the
case and "granted plaintiff judgment for
the full amount for which suit was
brought and costs.
"DOPED HIS DRINK."
Suspected Robbers Identified by One
of Their Victims.
Frank Ballard and Harry Edwards, who
are accused of chloroforming and robbing
John Strothoff. a Third-street saloon
keeper, a short time ago. will in all prob
ability have to answer to another charge
of robbery.
According to Detectives Gibson and
Wren, who arrested them, on January 10
the men met A. B. Mlddleton of 453»^ Te
hama street and invited him to ho.ye a
drink with them. While his attention was
temporarily abstracted one of them placed
a "knockout drop" in his glass. As soon
as the poison took effect they led their
victim from the saloon and robbed him
of a valuable wnteh.
Ballard when arrested for robbing the
saloon-keeper had the stolen timepiece in
his possession, and as he was being taken
into the California-street station he at
tempted to dispoee of U- He was detected
in the act and the watch was secured by
the detectives. To-day it is expected sev
eral charges of robbery will be recorded
against the men.
BROKE UP THE SHOW.
Maids of a Chinatown Vaudeville
Company Didn't Get Their
Salaries.
The rightoous indignation of eleven fair j
damsels over the non-appearance of sal- |
aries ha? caused the dissolution of wie j
alleged vaudeville company -vyhich has
been giving performances in the Wash
ington-street Theater in Chinatown for
the last three weeks.
Sunday night was the time "Shorty" ;
Benjamin, the manager of the company,
had promised his st.-irf. their salaries. Kjt '
the ladies in the troop eleven had salaries !
ranging from $5 down to 50 cents due j
them. After the performance Sunday !
night all were called upon the stage and \
the manager suavely informed them that |
the gate receipts had not been up to his \
expectations, but that he would pay out L
pro rata ail the money he had taken in. |
The highest amount received by any one ;
was 50 cents and some of the fairies were 1
left without a cent.
Then the war cloud which had been
gathering while the explanations were
being made by the manager burst. "Only
nfta centa for my week worka?" shrieked '
one of the maidens, who was evidently
reared under Italy's sunny skies, and "I
only get 25 cents?" wailed Maud, who is
a native daughter. But Maud thought a
moment and an idea struck her. She
tbrww the naltrv two-bit nieea on the floor i
and, seizing a whip which was among the
properties, she informed her manager
thai if be didn't raise the sum to 50 cents
she would chastise him. Her assertion
that shy had horsewhipped a man before
and knnv how to do a good job influ
enced tho manager to grant her request.
The Successful outcome of Maud's at
tempt and the urging they received from
that lady to try tho same medicine in
clucfo the other maidens to threaten the
the roughly frightened Benjamin. He was
hustled, pulled ami pushed from one end
of the. stase to the oth.-r hy the enraged
women. Lynching, tar and feathers and
divers other punishments were suggested
and would possibly have been carried out
had nut the police, attracted by the noise,
arrived on the scene. With dffflculty Of
ficers Bonner and Butler of Lieutenant
Price's squad rescued Benjamin from his
sorry plight and piloted him safely out of
Chinatown.
SPRING SCHUETZENFEST.
Big Tournament. Sunday, April 2, at
Schuetzen Club Park.
On Sunday. April 2. the California
Schuetzen Club will hnkl a big schuetzen
fest at their park. This will be the first
great shooting tournament of the sea
son, and in addition to the local sharp
shooters many cracks from Saji Jose, Los
Angeles and other places are expected
to attend. Competition for the large list
of prizes will be open to all comers, and
the only guns barred are telescopes and
high power arms using metal patch bul
lets.
The arrangements committee consists
of K. Ottinger. 1.. C. Babin. R. Erlanger,
U. Remensberger. Joseph Straub, D. P.
Faktor, John I'tschig Sr., John Waller
and Philo Jacoby. president of the club.
A- meeting was held Friday night and F.
Ottinger was elected captain of the com
mittee, Tt. Erlanger secretary and L. C.
Babin treasurer.- The programme was
partially arranged, and the list of prizes
ordered printed. Shooting will begin at
9 a. m. and continue' until 6 p. m., with
one hour intermission from 12 to 1. Forty
cash prizes will be given on- the public
target, and l<)flO souvenir trophies for
scores on the honorary target. Prizes will
also be given for the best bullseye. the
first and last bullseyes in the day's shoot
ing, and a special silver goblet, donated
by A. L. Ott, for the best ticket on both
targets. ___^_
CHRONIC MALARIA
Differ 3 materially from ordinary chills
and fever. It is the result of repeated
acute attacks. The. liver and spleen are
•principally affected. They act as store-
houses for the malarial poison and the
blood takes It
• v from them. The
/-.^"Wk poison must be
Jt O ,1 driven out of the
h'lS S^s - system. HUD-
V« cj VAN will eradi-
Tr-CT cate every trace
L~.[ of It. HUDYAN
J N - ; -^V^ . will destroy the
y action of the pol-
X \ son and eventually
drive out the last
j. * particle of It from
*A -^ the system. In ad-
V s — v --* dition to this.
I _ . HUDTAN will re-
\ _ A- © store the lost ap-
\O petite. It will
I . build up the weak.-
-■ I ened system.
/ «^ HUDYAN will
/ yt:: .- . make : new -blood
. I and new flesh.
The pains In the
' bones will disappear. The befuddled
! brain will become clear. HUDYAN will
'do all this and make you well. HUDYAN
has cured others and it will cure you. We
describe the symptoms. Study them care-
i fully. They axe yours. Do not deiay lone-
er, but take HUDYAN now and you will
be cured. .
HERE ARE YOUB SYMPTOMS:
1. CONSTANT HEADACHE AND
TROUBLED BRAIN. The malarial t>pi-
son Is circulating in the brain. HUDYAN
! will drive it out. HUDYAN wiU purify
i the blood and the brain will receive it
i in a pure state. Your headaches will dis-
appear and your mind will become clear.
12. PALE OR YELLOWISH COM-
PLEXION. HUDYAN will establish a
free circulation of pure blood and causa
the cheeks to assume their natural color.
3. LOSS OF APPETITE AND GNAW-
ING IN THE STOMACH. HUDYAN will
j clear the. stomach and restore the appe-
j tite and th« digestion of food will become
i perfect.
! 4. FEELING OF "WEIGHT OVER THE
■ LIVER. This Is due to the enlargement
: «f the liver. It is filled with the poison
i of malaria. HUDYAN will drive oat the
j poison and cause the organ to assume its
natural size.
8. HEAVINESS IN THE REGION OF
THE SPLEEN. The - spleen becomes
j greatly enlarged. HUDYAN, by its di-
' rect action on the malarial, poison, will
! lessen the congestion and cause the beav-
i lnesr to disappear.
You are suffering from Chronic Ma-
: laria and you can be cured. . The re-
i lief is held out to you. It is HUDYAN.
I HUDYAN will relieve your every symp-
tom and make you well. When you have
! used HUDYAN tell your friends what it
| has done for you. Hudyan can be ob-
: tamed of all druggists for ">oc per package,
or six packages for $2 50. If your drug-giFt
floes not keep it, send direct to the HUD-
YAN REMEDY COMPANY. San Francis-
co or Los Angeles, Cal. Remember that
you can consult the HUuYAN DOCTORS
FREE. Call and see the doctors. You
may call and see them or write, as you
1 desire. Address •
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
San Francesco. Cat
Our ability to brew a beer
of unusual high quality
gives us an extraordinary
ability to please consumers.
Val.Bi.atz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U. S. A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale •
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. ' /
8 ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
• A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7. Years . ■
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD. GLASS. METAL. STONE. BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; inak:s a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any <■ tb*r
paint. Mauds 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out sealing.
BEAUTIFUL. ARTISTIC. DURABLE.
WASHABLE. 'Prevents BARNACLES ani
FOULING in SALT WATER. CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGA-
MOID ?-
WESTERN AGENCIES CO..
" «1 and 62. Chronicle Building. S. F.
Use f**^ Use
Woodbury's j?* 6 ,3 Woodbury's
Facial Soap. $&/. Facial Cream.
Scalp diseases, falling hair, baldness, prema-
ture grayness quickly cured; and the luster.
natural growth and color, restored by JOHN H.
WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d li., New York, and
163 State St.. Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample of Soap and Cream,
frM.
34
LETTER WITHHELD
BY SCHLEY, NOT BY
SECRETARY LONG
Closing Statement in the Naval
Controversy to Complete
the Record.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— The Senate
committee on Naval Affairs to-day made
public Secretary Long's second letter in
the Sampson-Schley controversy, this
communication being in reply to Hear Ad
miral Schley's letter. The tlrst matter
■which the Secretary takes up is Admiral
Schley's mention 6f Admiral Sampson's
letter of May 20, which the Secretary says
seems to have given certain Senators the
impression the department has withheld
that letter. On this point he says:
First— That thl6 letter was not in the
possession of the department on February
6, nor was its existence known to the
department at that time.
Second— That it was In the possession of
Admiral Schley until the 9th of February,
when it was s. n to the department, upon
Its request to be furnished with air official
record? relating to his duty as commander
In chief of the flying Bquadron and as a
ftag officer in the North American fleet.
Third— ln its Instructions with regard
to maintaining the blockade of Clenfuegos
It wjis not more explicit than the letter of
Admiral Sampson of May 19, which accom
panied the communication of February t>.
itnd which is published in the appendix to
ihe report of the Bureau of Navigation
on p&ge 4ti4.
Fourth— That on May 21. the day after
it was written. Admiral Sampson sent
orders to Commodore Schley in duplicate
by the Hawk and Ma.rWeh.ead. which or
ders were received by Commodore Schley
during the early forenoon of the 23d and
24th respectively, directing Commodore
Schley to proceed with all dispatcn, but
cautiously, to Bsintiag-o, if satisfied that
the Spanish squadron was not at Cien
fuegos. The orders as sent back ffy the
Hawk were receive. 1 on the same day as
the letter of the 20th, and bearing the
later date. May 21. of course revoked the
instructions to blockade . CienfuegoS
tamed in the letters of the 19th and 20th.
Fifth— That in addition to thesa instruc
tions the flying squadron h ft Cienfuegos
on the afternoon of the 24th. but did not
reach the immediate vicinity of the port
of Santiago until the morning of the 29th
of May.
The Secretary quotes the admiral's
reference to the department's order re
ceived by him on May 27, directing him
to positively ascertain if Cervera's fleet
was in Santiago harbor and not to al
low him to leave Santiago if found cer
tainly to be there, "without a decisive
action," gives the admiral's reply in full
and gays:
It will be seen that Rear Admiral
Bchley's statement to the Senate does not
show that he started to return to Key
"West and signaled to the squadron to
that effect and so informed the depart
ment, and it might he inferred that he im
mediately obeyed that order and ascer
tained the presence of the enemy at San
tiago. On the contrary, his telegram dat
ed May 28, and written May 27, shows
that, though just having received the tel
egram of the department and having on
hand a sufficient supply of coal to return
to Key West, he reported that he could
not obey the order and continued to pro
teed to "Key West. However, it later be
< ame evident to him that this was unne
ry and he resumed the movement
toward Santiago.
Another point In Admiral Schley"s
letter is touched upon in the following
manner:
Admiral Schley's mention of the signal
of Admiral Sampson at 5;45 a. m. July 3—
"Disregard movements of the commander
in chief," and his mention of the move
ENGLAND AND
AMERICA OPPOSE
ITALY'S DEMAND
Continued from First Pago.
trolled by the various treaty nations,
all of whom have advantages in their
occupation over the Chinese Govern
ment itself. At Shanghai the United
States has its only direGt interest in a
Chinese holding, being one of the
treaty powers and having a distinctly
American concession. The larger ports
remaining there are only Swatow, Fu
chau and Ning-Po, which are really in
control of the Chinese Government.
There is a large and desirable area
in the Gulf of Pechili on the northern
coast in which Asiatic dispatches inti
mate that the United States may have
an interest if the dismemberment of
China is ultimately effected. This is
very landlocked, however, and its nar
row entrance is wholly commanded by
Port Arthur on one side and by Wei-
Hai-Wei on the other. The authorized
disclaimer given out to-day, however,
<pf any purpose on the part of the
United States to acquire any territory
in that or any other portion of China
makes, this consideration of little mo
merit.
ON THE EXTENSION OF
SHANGHAI SETTLEMENT
LONDON, March 7.— The Times pub
lishes the following dispatch from
Shanghai: The British, American and
German Consuls to-day (Monday) de
clined to hold further negotiations with
the Taotai of Shanghai on the question
of the extension of the foreign settle
ment, owing to the evasive and ob
structive tactics to which he has re
ported. They will demand that the
Viceroy appoint a special deputy to ar
range the matter.
TERRIBLE VOYAGE OF THE
SLOOP YACHT NELLIE
After Being Icebound in a February
Blizzard, the Crew Scared
Into Mutiny.
NORFOLK, Va.. March «.— After being
icebound during the terrible February
blizzard, half frozen and blown to sea.
with only himself aboard, Captain Wil
liam Davis haß at last succeeded in reach
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
ment of the commander In chief toward
Sibonev is followed -by an incorrect infer
to wit, "This left me senior officer
present and necessarily clothed me with
the responsibilities of the command."
The signal above mentioned is one which
is frequently made in squadron and 13
never held us in any sense a relinquish
ment of command. It is made where, for
any reason, the flagship leaves its as
signed position, as was the case when the
New York left her habitual blockading
station the morning of July 3. At such
times it is made to avoid confusion..
Without further signal the responsibility
of command would not be shifted until
the senior officer had gone out of signal
distance.
The statement concludes with the fol
lowing:
The department furnishes the foregoing
statement only to complete the record in
iiance with the request of the Sen
ate of January 23. Desiring to do Ad
mirals Sampson und Schley full justice
for services rendered H has, after full
consideration of all the circumstances,
recomm. nd>-d to the President their pro
motion.to the grade of rear. admiral and
begs to express the hope that his recom
mendations to the same may be confirmed
by the Senate.
Annexed to the letter. from the Sec
retary is one from Captain- Sigsbee in
reply to Admiral Schley's reference to
him as commander of the scout steamer
St. Paul, quoting him as authority for
the opinion that Cervera's lleet was
not in Santiago harbor. On this point
Sigsbee says:
"What I actually said to the admiral
was that Pilot Nunez had first ex
pressed the belief that such large ves
sels as Cervera's cruisers could not get
into Santiago because of their length,
but he afterward admitted that they I
might get in with the aid of tugs, j
* • • Every officer on board the St. j
Paul knew that I believed Gervera to- !
be at Santiago; nevertheless I consid- I
ered Nunez' opinion."
He says that he first saw the fleet in
the harbor May 29, and signaled Ad
miral Schley, and adds:
'•While I had not known, from pre
vious observation, that Cervera's fleet
was in Santiago, I believed that it was j
there, because I had been so informed
by the Navy Department, and during !
the eight days the St. Paul remained i
o-ff Santiago the different vessels j
touching there and communicating
with me had brought no counter re
port from the Navy Department."
With reference to the statement that !
he had confirmed the difficulty of coal- j
ing off Santiago, Captain Sigsbee says: j
"There had been weather unfavorable <
for coaling, but I remember no state- ;
ment of mine relative to coaling made j
to the admiral excepting on the morn
ing when we jointly discovered the I
Spanish vessels. The commanding of- j
fleers were assembled on board the ;
Brooklyn. On that occasion I twice ;
informed the admiral that the weather |
then prevailing was unusually favor- I
able for coaling at sea and I recom
mended that advantage be taken of it j
on the ground that so good an oppor- j
tunity could not be expected often. At >
the same time I expressed the belief I
that Guantanamo Bay should be seized j
as a base, not necessarily by Admiral :
Schley, but as soon as the troops were
available to hold the place."
ing this port aboard his sloop yacht Nel
lie. He started from Norfolk, for Cuba
with a crew of four and a party of sports
men aboard Januray 4. The blizzard
caught them at Harbor Island and the
80-mile gale scared the crew into scmi
i mutiny and they declared they would go
I no further.
One of the crew attempted to get ashnre
jon a sledge made of • bedslats. When
j about half way to shore he broke through
: the ice, but at the peril of their lives
Charley Rose of North Carolina and Mr.
' Green of the firm of Green &. Pearson,
| Madison, N. J., who were of the Nellie's
1 party, managed to get him ashore. The
rest of the crew succeeded in getting
n shore, but the captain remained aboaroT
Meantime the blizzard had increased in
violence and the Nellie was blown to' sea.
! The sufferings o-f Captain Davis were ter
rible.' rible. He finally succeeded in reaching
Hog Island, where he was cared for and
I whence he made his way to Norfolk.
BAILEY'S COURSE APPROVED
BY TEXAS LEGISLATURE
But His Action in Opposing Gallant
Joe Wheeler Is Vigorously
Denounced.
AUSTIN, Tex., March fi.— There was a
| lively discussion in the- House this after
i noon over a resolution offered by Repre
| sentative "W'ootten indorsing the action of
Congressman Bailey In protesting against
the seating of Congressman Joseph
Wheeler. Representative Tarviver was
recognized, and protested against the
adoption of the resolution, saying that
while he had* a great personal admiration
for Bailey he saw no reason why his poli
tical future anent the United States Sena
torial race two years hence should be
boosted to- the detriment of gallant old
Joe Wheeler, who went to the front in the
interests of his country.
Representative Bailey, from Dewitt,
spoke in favor of the resolution, saying
that Rail<\v was a patriot in fighting for
the sound principles of Democracy, and
the people of the South and the press had
sounded their approval of his course, and
the Legislature should do likewise.
Mr. Kittrell regretted exceedingly that
i the possibility of Rajley being 1 a candidate
I for United States Senator two years hence
should be dragged into the discussion at
this- time, when it was decidedly out of
place and not at all in keeping with the
Fentiment of the resolution. After some
furfhei discussion the House adopted the
resolution by a viva voce vote.
FIFTY-FOUR KILLED BY
THE TOULON EXPLOSION
Reports That the Catastrophe Was
Result of a Crime Are
Renewed.
PARTS, March 6.— The deaths resulting
from the Toulon explosion of Sunday
morning number fifty-four and 130 per
sons were Injured.
The reports that the catastrophe was
thr> result nf a crime are renewed. The
Petit Journal asserts that a fuse five feet
!"!it; baa been found in the ruins of the
magazine.
M. Lockroy, Minister of Marine, in the
course with an interview had with him
by a representative of the Gaulois, said
that none' of the theories advanced were
admissible.. "Imprudence on the part of
the personnel," he added, "was impossi
ble, as the explosion occurred several
hours after the gates had been closed.
The heating theory, too, is unsound, as
the temperature of the buildings was al
ways low and the air dry."
Van Alstine Divorce.
SEATTLK, March 6.— Another chapter
In the sensational Van Alstine divorce
case was opened to-day— the arrest of
Mrs. Lou Van Alstine and her sister,
Emma Norton, for contempt of court.
They refused to pay into court the $30,000
which Judge Moore decided they had
fraudulently obtained through marriage
from Con Van Alntine. a Klondiker. They
were released on bonds.
Burglar Reveals His Name.
SANTA'CRUZ, -March ti.— The burglar
who was captured on Saturday by -four
Santa Cruz girls, after a lively chase, has
given his name as Charles H. Dickman.
VHM SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAKCH 7, 1899.
DEATH CLAIMS
KIPLING'S CHILD
Six-Year-Old Josephine
Passes Away.
SUCCUMBS TO PNEUMONIA
THE AUTHOR NOT INFORMED OF
HIS LOSS.
Though He Is Gradually Gaining
Strength, He Is Considered
Too Weak to Withstand
the Shock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 6.— Josephine
Kipling, the six-year-old daughter of
Rudyard Kipling, and the oldest of his
three children, died shortly after 6
o'clock this morning from pneumonia.
The child's death took place at the
home of Mrs. Julie de Forest in this
city. Mrs. de Forest is a friend of the
Kiplings, and Josephine had been taken
to her home so that she could be
nursed apart from her father. The girl
became ill the day after Mr, Kipling
took to his bed.
Mr. Kipling continues to improve,
having slept naturally the greater part,
of last night. He has taken no solid
food and it may be a week before he is
able to do so. He is subsisting on beef
extract, milk and other fluid nutrients.
Elsie, Mr. Kipling's three-year-old
daughter, passed a good night.
In all probability the body of little
Josephine Kipling will be taken to the
Kipling home in Vermont for burial,
! but no definite arrangements have yet
I been made. It was decided not to in
| form the author of his child's death for
| several days. It was said at the hotel
! this morning that Mrs. Kipling has not
been allowed in her husband's room for
oiearly a week, notwithstanding the
general understanding that she has
been at his bedside daily.
The following bulletin was issued at
2:30 to-day:
Air. Kipling has done well during the
1 lawt twenty-four hours. Now that reso
| lution is almost complete he has some
discomfort from the more free manage
; tnent of the lungs, due to the greater
j rubbing of the inriamed pleura. This is
a. very common accompaniment to pneu
monia. The next bulletin will not be is
sued until Wednesday.
Mr. Doubleday at 7:80 o'clock said:
"Mr. Kipling has had a splendid day
i — that is, a comfortable day. He is be
' ginning gradually to take nourishment
lof a more substantial kind. Of course,
j he has the appearance of a man who
j has been at the point of death, and his
mind works very slowly. He has not
! been told of his daughter Josephine's
: death. Elsie has been somewhat bet
\ U'r to-day and I think she is well on
j the road to recovery."
Then, referring to a slip In his hand,
I he said:
"After talking the matter over with
j me, Mrs. Kipling derided to make this
; request to the newspapers:
"It is Mrs. Kipling's earnest wish that
i all matters connected with the funeral
of her daughter Josephine may be en
tirely private. She appreciates the fact
that information concerning Mr. Kip
ling is of public interest, but this sor
row is her own, and she feels sure that
newspaper reporters and editors will
not wish to intrude upon her privacy."
Mr. Doubleday went on to say that
: Mrs. Kipling did not wish even. the time
| or place of her daughter's funeral to be
] made public. Mr. Doubleday said there
were a number of reasons that induced
| her to make that decision, and one of
! them was that for Mr. Kipling.'s sake
\ the death and funeral of Josephine
must be passed as quickly and quietly
;as possible. Mrs. Kipling knew, he
1 said, that the papers could find out
j everything if they tried, but in this
| case she asked them not to do so.
ENGLAND'S SYMPATHY.
London Papers Voice the Grief of
Britons.
LONDON, March 7.— The morning
papers almost universally voice the
deep sympathy in the bereavement
that has come to the Kipling family
through the death of Josephine. The
Daily News, sensibly suggests that
there should be some intermission in
the private telegrams and letters of in
quiry which call far Mrs. Kipling's per
sonal acknowledgment, adding that "it
is unnecessary to impose upon the sore
ly stricken wife and mother a cere
monial duty only less exacting than a
reception of callers."
Emperor William's dispatch to Mrs.
Kipling was intended, the Daily News
thinks, to pay a double debt, "as the
Kaiser has notorious reasons for desir
ing to conciliate ■ both America and
England." ■
IN THE TRACK OF THE
TENNESSEE TORNADO
Great Strip of Territory Covered by
the Storm and Considerable
Damage to Buildings.
KNOXVILLE, Term., March 6.— The
Madisonville storm horror is even greater
than was at first reported. The section
devastated by the terrible hurricane of
Saturday night has been visited to-day
by thousands. It is the universal verdict
that never In the history of East Ten
nessee has such an event been known. "
The tornado extended twenty miles,
commencing near Je.llico Junction and
continuing to a point twelve miles north
of Madisonville. It so happened, however,
that no residences were in its course, save
those razed at Madisonville and four
small homes in the town of Nlnaburg.
Many barns were destroyed and at least
fifty hordes, mules and cattle were killed.
In addition to the list of injured fur
nished last night there is Dillon Rogers,
a prominent jeweler of Madisonville,
.struck on the head by a falling brick.
His hom<- was almost completely demol
ished. Miss Willie Erwin, whp was the
most seriously injured person, cannot re
cover. ' Her condition to-night is most
critical. Mrs. Horton, wife of the man
who was killed, Is in a serious condition.
A subscription was started to-day for the
benefit of the storm sufferers.
Writing Paper Combine.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., March 6.— The
promoters of the proposed writing paper
combine have obtained optionß on the
property of about 75 per cent of the writ
ing paper mills of the country. All of
the Western mills, it is understood, are to
be taken into the pool and a large pro
portion of the companies In the Connecti
cut Valley have voted to turn their real
estate and other holdings over to the
new company. • Ex-Congressman William
Whiting, it is expected, will be president
of the combination.
Cruiser Will Carry the Body.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— The body of
Lord Herscheli, who died here last week,
was taken to New York to-night, whence
it is to be taken to England on the En
glish cruiser Talbot.
Pope's Health Improved.
ROME, March 6. — Another satisfactory
bulletin regarding the health of the Pope
was Issued this morning. No other bulle
tin will be issued until Tuesday evening.
MEN OF SPAIN
ARE RIPE FOR
REVOLUTION
Cheers for the Republic Sound in
the Senate and Chamber
of Deputies.
MADRID, March 6.— The initial ap
pearance in the Senate to-day of Senor
Silvela as premier was marked by a
somewhat stormy session. He attempt
ed to read the decree of dissolution and
Count d'Almodas tried to talk, but his
voice was drowned by derisive cries.
The president of the house vainly en
deavored to quell the disturbance, but
finally Senor Silvela completed reading
the decree amid cheers for liberty min
gled with cheers for the Queen, the
army and the navy. The session was
declared closed amidst an uproar.
There were similar scenes In the
Chamber of Deputies, with shouts of
"Down with the Jesuits" and cheers for
the republic and for liberty. The ses
sion was closed in a general uproar.
The ushers had to drive the public from
the floor and platform of the chamber.
The new Cabinet has been well re
THAT MARRIAGE
TO JAY GOULD
Interesting Letters in the
Cody Case.
LIKE A BLACKMAILING SCHEME
MRS. ANGELL AS THE ALLEGED
WIFE OF THE MILLIONAIRE.
Mrs. Cody's Anxiety to Meet George
Gould Because She Had the
Key to the Whole
Situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBANY, N. V., March 6.— Mrs.
Sarah Angell and John Angell, the
missing witnesses in the Cody case,
were on hand at the opening of court
to-day. Mrs. Angell is the woman who
it was contended had been married to
Jay Gould and who was the mother of
his child.
The first witness to.-day was Mrs.
Sequin of Rouses Point, who testified
to having written a letter to Mrs.
Beebe, at the dictation of Mrs. Cody,
in which she indirectly asked for funds
with which to prosecute her investiga
tion as to the marriage of Jay Gould
and Mary Brown. She said in the let
ter that while it would be very difficult
to procure a marriage record the other
(the birth record) was "now all right."
A second letter, identified by Mrs. Se
quin as from Mrs. Cody to Mrs. iieebe,
asked for $100 and told that Mrs.
Pierces lawyer had arrived in Albany
with a deposition from Mrs. Angell to
the effect that she was never married
to Jay Gould. The marriage, the depo
sition set forth, was to a Frenchman
named Vidas, "who starved her." Mrs.
Cody's letter continues: "I think the
woman is crazy. I am going to try to
get an affidavit from her to the effect
that she had a child by Jay Gould.
Isn't it a shame that the villain at
this late day should fail us?"
■ A third letter to Mrs. P-eebe tells of
Mrs. Cody's anxiety to meet George
Gould personally, because, as she says,
she "has the key of the whole situation"
in her hands. "If the case goes to
trial," she proceeds, "you and I will be
dead and buried, for that old fool is
constantly changing her mind and
every now and then contends that she
was never married to Gould."
Nicholas J. Dack had written some
letters in 1895 for Mrs. Cody, who had
asked him if he could write in more
than one kind of handwriting. One of
the letters which he had written and
which was dated Oswego, N. V., and
signed H. Moore, was to Miss Helen
Gould and suggested to her the advisa
bility of personally seeing Mrs. Cody,
"who had control of the entire case and
was in a position to put an end to the
entire scandal."
Still another letter to George Gould
told of the case against the Goulds
having been placed in Mrs. Cody's
hands by Mrs. Pierce, the alleged
daughter of Jay Gould. It suggested a
personal meeting with Mr. Gould with
a view to putting a stop to the pro
ceedings which threatened.
The most significant testimony ad
duced to-day was that of David N. Car
valho, a handwriting expert, who, by a
chemical test in the presence of the
jury, showed that the record in the
book of the Cooperville church had been
erased and changed, and that the name
of Mary Brown, the supposed wife of
Jfty Gould, had 6een written over a
blank space, ' the word "illegitimate"
changed to "legitimate," and in the
place where the name of the mother of
the illegitimate child had originally
been written was interpellated the
name "Jay Gould."
This proof, in connection with the
strong testimony of Mrs. Hoyle of
Rouse's Point to the effect that th"
original Sarah Ann Brown was dead
and that the present Mrs. Angell (the
supposed pretender to the name and
family of Gould) was only a niece of
the woman who was mentioned in the
already disputed birth notice, put the
case of the defense in a nearly hopeless
condition.
It is intended, however, by the de
fense to prove that, although basis for
the claim against the Goulds never
really existed. Mrs. Cody believed •in
her case, having been buoyed up and
encouraged by two lawyers, William
McMurtrie Speer and Amasa J. Parker
Jr., who assured her that they were al
ready in possession of facts similar to
those -which she thought she had.
ENGLAND AND FRANCE.
How the Muscat Incident Was Satis
factorily Settled.
PARIS, March 6.— ln the Chamber of
Deputies to-day M Burneau, Progressive
Republican, representing the First Dis
trict of the Islands of Reunion, questioned
the Government on the subject of the
Muscat incident. The Minister of Foreign
Affairs, M. Delcasse, declared that the
facts were that the British Resident sum
moned the Sultan to withdraw a conces
sion to France of a coal depot on a creek
near Muscat. The Sultan thereupon asked
France to return the deed of concession,
and France refused.
The Sultan then cancelled the conces-
ceived by the Conservatives and the
business world, but the Democrats de
nounce it as representing the most ul
tramontane section of the Conserva
tives. The Weylerites are violently op
posed to the Cabinet and stormy times
are predicted. The elections to the Cor
tes will take place in April.
A number of repatriated soldiers
made a demonstration at Valencia yes
terday evening. They marched through
the streets headed by a banner in
scribed. "Long Live the Army" and
"We Are Hungry." The processionists
were dispersed by the police, but there
was no serious disorder.
The Cabinet council this afternoon
decided to make immediate payment of
arrears of pay to the repatriated
troops
The Duke of Tetuan, former Minister
of Foreign Affairs, and twenty-seven
Conservative Senators and Deputies,
have decided to oppose the Government
and will form a dissident group.
Bion. Great Britain, however, quickly ad
mitted France's right to the coal depot
and expressed deep rrgret at the incident.
France thus obtained prompt and com
plete satisfaction, and the incident was
considered closed.
The Foreign Minister concluded by of
ficially corroborating the statement that
negotiations are proceeding between
Franco and Great Britain for a delimi
tation of their African frontiers in a
sincere spirit of conciliation, and with
th^ view of reaching an arrangement
which will guarantee a lasting under
standing betwen the two countries.
ALEXANDER CAMPBELL'S
BATTLE WITH DEATH
The Aged Jurist Removed to the
Sisters' Hospital in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— Judge
Alexander Campbell, the a#ed jurist
who was seriously injured late Satur
day night by falling from a street car,
was this morning removed to the Sis
ters' Hospital, where he is reported to
be resting as easily as could be ex
pected. The Judge has just passed his
79th birthday. The aged sufferer glept
Saturday and Sunday nights under
opiates.
The trip to the hospital necessarily
gave him much pain, but his doctor
spoke hopefully of an ultimate recov
ery.
Judge Campbell was until Saturday
night in active consulting'practice. He
was admitted to the bar in 1842, and
probably has the longest record as a
practitioner in the State.
Among the notable cases in which
Judge Campbell took part were those
of the peojile against Terry for the
killing of Senator Broderick in a duel;
the case against Charles Cora for the
murder of United States Marshal Rich
ardson; the Bretherton forgery case;
the impeachment of Judge Hardy be
fore tho Legislature; trie defense of the
San Francisco Chronicle in a series of
libel suits brought by Senator Sargent
and Congressman Page; the case of
Laura Fair for the murder of Judge
Crittenden, and the case against Kal
loch for the murder of Charles de
Young, proprietor of the Chronicle.
SCENES OF LIFE AND
CHARACTER IN THE WEST
New Yorkers Entertained by "The
Last Chapter" and Miss
Kelleher's Lecture.
NEW YORK, March 6.— A new play,
called "The Last Chapter." written by
George H. Broadhurst, author of "What
Happened to Jones" and "Why Smith
Left Home," was presented in this city
last night at the Garden Theater, and was
received with much favor.
"The Last Chapter" commingles serious
with comic ingredients of personality and
incident, ajid it aims to present a picture
of American character, life and manners
in Southern California. The principal
parts were acted by Edgar Davenport,
Edwin Holt, Miss Grace Filkins and Miss
Bllle Wilton, who formerly played juven
ile heroines and were great favorites in
Sari Francisco.
Miss Helen Kelleher, the well-known el
ocutionist and dramatic reader, gave a
lecture on "California, the Land of
Health, Wealth and Beauty," at the Wal
dorf-Astoria to-night in aid of the chari
table work of the Parish House Associa
tion of All Angels Church. The lecture
was illustrated by 200 beautiful and strik
ingly realistic views of scenery in the
West thrown upon a large screen by
stereopticon and was very interesting.
Miss Kelleher possesses a pleasing pres
ence, an easy manner and perfect enun
ciation, and to these attractions she adds
ready wit and fine descriptive powers.
Under the spell of her eloquent voice and
illusion of pictures the audience was car
ried rapidly and easily across the conti
nent to the Pacific Coast, and shown tne
wonders and beautiful scenery of the
mountains, valleys and plains and notable
buildings and features of Salt Lake City,
Sacramento. New Orleans. San Francisco
and other important cities.
The views of the Yosemite Valley were
especially applauded. They composed
the fair Mariposa big tree grove, Yosemite
Falls El Capitan, Three Sentinels,
Cathedral Towers, Inspiration Point,
Bridal Veil Falls, Vernal Fails arid other
places of interest. . A considerable sum
was realized for the church fund.
LOS ANGELES SWELTERING.
Mercury Ascends to the Ninetieth
Degree.
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— The maxi
mum temperature to-day was 90 degrees,
the warmest weather experienced during
the month of March since 1879, when the
mercury arose to 99 degrees. The hut
wave was general throughout this sec
tion. While it will hast<-n the ripening
of oranges, vegetation will suffer greatly.
Unless generous rains fall within the next
few days the grain crop will be a failure.
SAN DIEGO. March 6.— The temperature
here yesterday, 86% degrees, was the high
est here for March on record, while the
low humidity, only 11, has caused every
thing to dry up.
Cotton Mills Advance Wages.
BOSTON", March 6.— These advances in
cotton mill wages were announced to-day:
Cabot Cotton Mills, Brunswick, Me.. 1000
hands, restoration to schedule in effect
before January. 1S98; York Corporation,
Saco. Me., 1500 hands, increase not stat
ed; Paul Whitin Manufacturing Com
pany. Rockdale and North Bridge, Mass.,
600 hands, 10 per cent; H. N. Slater Mills,
Webster, Miss., 10 per cent.
Receiver for American Company.
NEW YORK, March 6,— Walter L. Mc-
Dermott, son of State Senator McDermott,
was to-day appointed receiver for the
American Grocery Company of this city
formerly H. B. Thurber & Co. The appli
cation for a receiver as made by the
former directors of the company. The par
value of the stock is 11.000,000."
Engineer and Fireman Killed.
"WINNIPEG, Man., March 6.— The boiler
of a locomotive of a passenger train on
the Manitoba and Northwestern Railroad
exploded to-day as the train was nearing
Millwood station. The train was thrown
from the track and* Engineer F. Hill and
Fireman P, Donlon were killed.
DB. XJjJIEB'fi^REMEDIES. , __
OVER WORK MAKES
_WEAK KIDNEYS
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
YOUR KIDNEY S ARE YOUR BLOOD PURIFIERS
A Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms Show That
Your Kidneys Are Out of Order.
To Test the Wonderful Merits of the Great Modern
Discovery, Swamp-Root, Every "Call" Reader
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
The way to be well is to pay attention ' famed reputation through the discovery
1 to your kidneys. and marvelous success of Swamp-Root
They are the most important organs in purifying the blood, and thereby
of the body— the blood filters. curing chronic and dangerous diseases.
All the blood in your body passes caused by sick kidneys, of which some
through your kidneys once every three of the symptoms are given below.
minutes. Pain or dull ache in the back or head,
The kidneys strain or filter out the rluumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
impurities in the blood — that is their dizziness, irregular heart, sleeplessness,
work. sallow complexion, dropsy, irritability.
Purifying your blood is not a question loss of ambition, obliged to pass water
! of taking a laxative or physic. often during the day, and to get up
Does your blood run through your many times at night, and all forms of
bowels? kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles.
What the bowel-cleaner does is to Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers,
J throw out the poisons confined in your }n fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles. Make
bowels ready for absorption into your a note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT.
; blood, but the poisons which are al- Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remem-
! ready in your blood, causing your ber it is prepared only by Dr. 1 Kilmer &
I present sickness, it leaves there. Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
There is no other way of purifying To prove the wonderful merits of his
your blood except by means of your great discovery he now offers to every
i kidneys. . reader of this paper a prepaid free sam-
That is why bowel-cleaners fail to do pie. bottle of Swamp-Root, which he
their work— they forget the kidneys. will send to any address, free by mail.
When you are sick, then, no matter A book about Health, Diet and Dls-
what you think the name of your dis- ease as Re.ated to your Kidneys and
; ease is the first thing you should do is giving some of the thousands upon
to afford aid to your kidneys by using thousands of testimonial letters re-
Dr Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great ceived from the sufferers cured, also
1 Kidney Remedy. sent free with the sample bottle.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford The great discovery, Svamp-Root, is
natural help to nature, for Swamp- Root so remarkably successful that our read-
is the most perfect healer and gentle ers are advised to write for a sample
i aid to the kidneys that is known to bottle, and to kindly mention the San
! medical science. Francisco Daily Call when sending
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician thefr addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
! and specialist, has attained a far- I Binghamton, N. Y.
EPIDEMIC GETS
BEYOND CONTROL
Smallpox Is Traveling
Northward.
HAROLD IS QUARANTINED
SECTION EMPLOYE CONTRACTS
THE DISEASE.
At Los Angeles Sixty-Five Cases and
Twelve Deaths Have Been
Reported Up to
Date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— With four
oases of smallpox reported to-day, a
total of sixty-five cases have developed
In this city since the disease appeared.
Of these twelve patients have died.
One part of the city where the epi
demic is most severe, near Wall and
Seventh streets, is practically quarant
tined. Two women teachers have been
removed from duty, being regarded as
Buepects. This has created consider
able alarm among parents. They were
employed in the Castellar and Normal
schools.
Reports are received to-night that the
disease has appeared among section
hands near Antelope Valley. A section
employe at Harold, a station on the
Southern Pacific twenty-five miles
north of the city, is afflicted. The vic
tim arrived there from Arizona three
weeks ago. The town has been quar
antined. This is the first case that has
developed in the county outside of the
city.
Health Officer Powers says the
disease is not of a virulent type and in
sists that it will be successfully sup
pressed.
Hunangton Buys Realty.
NEW YORK, March 6 —A Tribune spe
cial from Newport News says: Collis P.
Huntington to-day purchased from the
Old Dominion Land Company 197 lots Op
posite the shipyard, paying $40,000 for the
tract.
Telegraph Line to the Yukon.
OTTAWA, Can.. March 6.— The Govern
ment has decided to construct a telegraph
line to connect the Yukon territory with
British Columbia.
Want a Great Museum.
Charles A. Keeler lectured to a large
audience last evening at the Academy of
Sciences. His subject was "How to Use
a Museum." Th« speaker mentioned the
efforts of the California Society to secure
valuable acquisitions to the Academy
Museum, and entreated those present to
assist the society in making the exhibit
a fountainhead for the dissemination of
knowledge.
"The old idea of a museum," said he,
"was that ef a place where freaks of
nature and oddities might be collected to
satisfy the curious. We propose to make
the museum in connection with tha
Academy a power of instruction as well
as of entertainment. What will satisfy
the public will not satisfy the student. A
few specie* or an idea is -ample for the
layman, but the technical student re
quires a different display. He must have
much of everything and species must bo
classified and particularized.
"A vast amount of material, which
would be a cause of bewilderment to one
not interested in study, is alone adapted
to accomplish the result of converting the
exhibit into a source of knowledge, and wa
propose to secure and classify our collec
tions, bringing the Cnlifornia museum- on
a plane with those of Eastern cities."
• ♦ •
YACHTSMEN ELECT. OFFICERS.
Schooner Muriel Will Be Flagship of
the South Bay Club.
At the last meeting of the South Bay
Yacht Club, held in the office of the Board
of Trade, Fan Jose. Vice Commodore H.
A. Spencer presiding, the following offi
cers were elected for 1599: Commodore,
Dr. H. A. Spencer; vice commodore, Al
fred C. Eaton; secretary, F. L. Machelert;
treasurer. J. W. Macaulay; port captain,
William Ortley; measurer. Oliver Ortley;
directors, A. E. Moody and Frank Davi«
delegates to the Pacific Interclub Yacht
Association. S. E. Smith. A. Meads and
Louis Sonnlksen. The following were ap
pointed on the regatta committee: James
A. Chase. Frank Davis, E. A. Delamater
J. W. Macaulay and Frank Coykendall!
The clubhouse committee consists of A
E. Moody. Frank Davis, S. E. Smith B.
A. Delamater and James A. Chase. The
committee on signals is composed of Cur
tis M. Barker, J. E. Auzerais and S. E
Smith. L. Sonniksen. Charles A. Barker
and R. Coykendall make up the entertain
ment committee
The new secretary, F. L. Machelert, was
instructed to send a telegram to Congress
man Eugene P. Loud, asking him to hh
every effort to secure the passage of the
appropriation bill for improving the Al
viso channel.
The flagship of the South Bay Yacht
Club for 1599 will be the schooner Muriel,
which has recently been bought by Com
modore H. A. Spencer, who last year
sailed the sloop Rana. A programme of
cruises and other events for the coming
season is In course of preparation.
ALAMEDA SUPERVISORS.
Lockwood School District Denied An
nexation — Other Business
Transacted.
OAKLAND, March 6.— The Board of
Supervisors met to-day and refused to
grant the petition of residents of the
Lockwood School district to annex that
district to Melrose. T. O. Crawford,
County Superintendent of Bchools, pre
sented a vigorous protest, which had been
handed to him by other residents, some
of whom had also signed the original pe
tition. These asked that their names h,»
withdrawn from the latter, and on mo
tion of Supervisor Roeth annexation wad
denied.
The Supervisors also ordered that JlO.Ofl)
be transferred from the county general
fund to the county infirmary fund. In
August, 1895, $20,000 was transferred from
the infirmary fund to the general fund;
the following October another $32,000 fol
lowed the same course.
The board also adopted condolatory res
olutions extending its heartfelt sympathy
to T. O. Crawford and family over the
sad death of Mrs. Crawford.
The fixing of the water rates was again
deferred for a week.
The Nile is the longest river in the
world, 4300 miles. The Niger is 2500 miles
and Zambesi 1600 miles.FILIPINOS DEFEATED
AT THE WATER WORKS
MANILA. March 6.— After the in
surgents had been driven off
last night from in front of Mar
iquina they came back 500
strong and rut off a company
of the First Nebraska Volunteers.
This morning General Half sent out
three companies of the Nebraska regi
ment and two companies of the Second
Oregon to dislodge them. The enemy,
who were holding a strong position
among the rocks, fired excellent volleys
at the advancing Americans, but the
litter, by a flank movement, drove the
Filipinos over the hills.
No sooner was this fight well under
way than the insurgents to the south
of the water works, knowing that the
forces there had been weakened by
ng troops to Mariquina. attacked
iter works in the rear. Their ob
is to cut off the pumping station,
but they did not succeed. Their fire
was heavy and ouf small lops was due
• to the bad marksmanshi^ of the
Filipinos. Th^ enemy's dead numbered
twenty. Returns now in show that five
Americans were wounded.
Two battalions of the Twentieth reg
ular infantry have reinforced General
Hale's brigade. All the native huts
have been destroyed at Mariquina and
the country there is pretty well cleared,
but the rebels were returning in small
bodies at sundown.
Apparently they have received a new
supply of smokeless ammunition re
cently, as there has h^r-n a noticeable
difference during the last few days.
The insurgents in the viclnitv of the
r works were finally dispersed this
morning by General King's brigade
Three members of the Nebraska regi
ment, two Washington men and two
ambulance men were wounded. The
enemy used two new cannon, but with
out effect.
2:45 p. m. — There was considerable
outpost skirmishing last night at San
Tolan, in which the Colorado and Ne
braska infantry with the guns of the
Utah battery took part. General Hale'a
brigade to-day located 250 insurgents,
with two guns, near San Pedro. The
were so placed as to be capable of
enfilading General Wheaton's brigade.
The insurgents are placing guns in
position at various points. The opinion
of all prominent men in Manila is that
the military force of the insurgent oli
garchy must be broken before a stable
government can be established in the
islands.
The Spanish commissioners who- are
endeavoring to secure the release of
the Spanish prisoners in the hands of
Aguinaldo have returned to Malolos to
offer *- f'jr their release. As
Aguinaldo has been demanding $7,000,
--■ is not likely their mission will be
successful.
The remaining Spanish prisoners
have emb. ■ home on the trans
;. res.
Sunday the newly orjraniz^d Ar.ny
Navy Club, composed entirely cf
rs, unanimously elected Admiral
lent. The other "ffk-ers
■esidents— Colonel Jamc-3
:ith, First California; Major S.
Quartermaster's Department,
A.; Lieutenant Commander W.
Carlin, U. S. N\: Lieutenant W. J-
Brumby. U. S. N\. Paymaster T. Rog
ers. U. S. N.; Lieutenant J. T. Meyers,
United States Marine Corps; Colonel J.
C. McClure, paymaster, U. S. A.;
:.-l E. T. Potter, Fourteenth In
fantry; Assistant Surgeon Keefer, U.
S. A., Major YV. Cardwell, Medical
Corps, D. S. A.: Maj'rr Frame. First
North Dakota; Lieutenant Colonel Uu
boce, First California, and Captain W.
A. Carlton, Thirteenth Minnesota;
tary and treasurer, Lieutenant W. !
C. Haan. Third Artillery, Q. S. A.
The club has splendid quarters at Ma
late, near the scene of the fighting on
August 12.
Advices from Negros Island say com- j
merce there is improving. The steam- !
ship El Cano, from lloilo, reports busi- j
•here at a standstill. There is oc
casional skirmishing beyond the city,
but thus far no casualties.
The civil members of the United '.
61 ■ s Philippine Commission who ar
: here on Saturday afternoo-n from
Hongkong on the cruiser Baltimore
1 to-day, and are now installed in
quarters especially provided for them
on the Malate water front. While
awaiting the arrival of Colonel Charles
Denby, former United States Minister
ttina, the other civil member of the
ission, they will devote their time
_-ht-seeing and getting familiar
with local conditions. Until Colonel \
Denby arrives the commission will be
incomplete and can do nothing offi
cially.
The troops which arrived on Saturday
on the United States transport Senator
and those that arrived yesterday on
the transport Ohio are disembarking,
and all the preparations are being
made to- proceed with an aggressive
campaign before the wet season sets in.
The rebels, anticipating the Ameri
can advance, are busy in throwing up
sea in every direction, and it is
reported that they are levying men and
supplies in every province. As a re
sult great dissatisfaction prevails
among tribes ordinarily friendly to the
Tagaios, particularly among; the Flo
can')'-., who assert th<Mr desire to assist
In conquering the Tagaios if furnished
with arms.
The following order has b<^n issued
regarding 1 the movements of trans
port?: "The Arizona will sail for San
Francisco via Hongkong with al! the
sick on March 9: the Newport, via Na
gasaki. Japan, with all the returning
Officers and their wives. on Man h 10;
the Scandia. via Nagasaki, with dis
rhar-sred soldiers, on March 11, and the
Morgan City, via Nagasaki, on March
lith."
ALL TROOPS AT MANILA
HAVE BEEN VACCINATED
WASHINGTON, March 6.— With ref
erence to the number of deaths from
yariolold or smallpox mentioned In
General Otis' weekly mortality report,
made public to-day. Surgeon-General
Sternberg said that there would be no
additional precautions taken In connec
tion with the spread of the disease.
Everything possible has been done and
every preventive measure taken. The
troops at Manila have been vaccinated,
a'fcd each regiment thoroughly searched
for persona who have not taken advan
tage of this guard against smallpox. In
one instance a regiment was canvassed
four times in order that every one
should be vaccinated. When a case ap-
De« r « the patient is at once isolated and
OTIS WILL ADVANCE
ON AGUINALDO'S CAPITAL
£ M
$ WASHINGTON, March 6.— The War Department is anticipating im- ££
O WASHINGTON, March fi. — The War Department is anticipating lm- g£
**' portant news from Manila within the next fortnight as it is said General $>
S Otis has completed his plans for the invasion of the territory to the SS
a north of Manila held by the insurgents. The troops have become rest- O
$• less under the annoying fire of insurgent sharpshooters who are con- &
0 eealed in the jungles. . They want to clear out the jungles and General %
•* Otis has concluded to do so and capture Malolos, the alleged capital of j£j
*•* Aguinaldo. It is believed when he clears the country between Manila £$
§ and Malolos of insurgents and takes possession of the latter place he Of
ft will effectually end the campaign. •?
Q General Otis now has about 25,006 men, and in the next two weeks g
£> will have his army increased to 41,000. He has ample force to make the 0
i? offensive movement contemplated, and it is expected he will capture *j
% Malolos within a fortnight. H
so ' o
■0%0\0%0*. O 88 O BB O \O%O\v\O\O \0'.0\0«.0% O »; O \ 0%050V0%0.V08
COLONEL SMITH
AND HIS TROOPS
REACH NEGROS
The People of That Island Are
Glad to See the Brave Boys
From California.
WASHINGTON. March 6.— A cablegram from General Otis at Ma
nila, received in Washington, indicates the satisfactory and agreeable
reception accorded to the American troops which recently landed at the
island of Negros. One battalion of the First California Regiment was
sent there by General Miller at Iloilo, in command of Colonel James F.
Smith, with orders to take formal possession for the United States, which
he did without trouble.
Previous to th-=> time the troops landed a commission from the islands
visited General Otis and said they were willing to surrender and asked
that he take the inhabitants under his protection. The congratulatory
address to General Miller, embodied in General Otis' dispatch, is particu
larly gratifying to the officials of the administration, as they believe the
feeling among the inhabitants cf the island of Negros is such that there
will be no trouble in dealing with th»:m hereafter.
General Otis' dispatch is as follows:
Following from Iloilo, 4th inst.: "Government, Congress and inhabitants
of Negros t" General Miller. Iloilo: We affectionately salute you and congratu
late ourselves upon the happy arrival of Colonel Smith and the ;roops un.ier
rder, and beg you to send this salute and congratulations to c,
Otiß, Manila, as representatives of the Government of the United State? in
the Philippines.— LACSON." OTIS.
proper measures taken to effect a cure
and prevent the contagion from spread
ing.
ADDITIONAL CASUALTIES
AMONG MANILA TROOPS
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The War
Department to-day received the fol
lowing cablegram from Manila:
"Manila, March 6.— Additional casual
ties March 4 near San Pedro Macate,
Luzon:
• Killed— Third Artillery, Battery <"*.
Private John Toica.
"Wounded— First California, Com
pany G, Private Louis H. Barien. ab
domen, severe; Company L. W. L.
Wheeler, thigh, moderate; Twenty
third Infantry, Company E. First Ser
geant Henry F. McFadden, chest.
-Slightly injured-First California,
Company G. Sergeant Frank F. McNal
ly sprained ankle in action: First Ne
braska. Company X, James eldon,
rupture in action.
"February 22 at Jaro, Panay: Killed
—Eighteenth Infantry, Company C,
Private Joseph W. Ev^rington; Com
pany A, William Brings.
"The following deaths since last
weekly report: February 25— Private
Richard L. Bryant, Company K. First
<'k>rado, variola; Verne A. Barker,
Company I. Thirteenth Minnesota, va
riola; 26— Harry L. Plowman. Company
H First Idaho, variola; William J.
Donohue, Company F. First Colorado,
variola; 27— Sim Barber, Company L,
Twentieth Kansas, variola: March 1—
J.-hr. A. Ewing. Company M. First
North Dakota, typhoid: Frank Upham,
Company C. First North Dakota, dys
entery; Joseph Marx. Company C. First
Montana, variola; George L. Doran,
company F, Eighteenth Infantry, diar
rhea and pneumonia,
"Died of wounds received in action:
February 27— Privates Richard H. Mc-
Lean First Washington: Howard A.
Olds Twentieth Kansas; 28— Edward S.
Moore. Company G, First Montana.
"OTIS."
YON DIEDRICHS WAS
WANTING IN TACT
Removed From Command of the
Asiatic Squadron Because He
Offended Americans.
BERLIN. March f> — A high official of
the German Navy Department has in
formed the correspondent here of the
Associated Press that the appointment
of Prince Henry of Prussia, brother of
Emperor William, to the. command of
the East Asiatic squadron, had been
considered for months past, and was
finally decided on' as being the most
available.. The Emperor desires to
Show the American people that he is
thoroughly friendly, and he knows that
Prince Henry is popular in the United
States.
When the official referred to was
asked if the appointment was equiva
lent to the disgrace of Admiral yon
Diedrlchs. he said:
"Not exactly. Still, if Admiral yon
Dledrfchs had shown more tact last
summer before Manila it would unde
niably have been productive of good re
suits all around. Our Government, un
fortunately, was advised too late of a
number of occurrences before Manila,
none of which were really important,
but which showed grave want of tact
upon Admiral yon Diedrichs' part. The
main trouble was that the admiral was
insufficiently informed regarding inter
national naval usages in such a delicate
situation. Consequently he continued
naval movements, drill and searchlight
practice as if elsewhere than in a block
aded port, thus arousing distrust upon
the part of the Americans."
The above is important as being the
first German official admission that
there had been trouble between the
Germans and Americans in Manila Bay.
San Jose Pioneer Dies.
BAN JOSE. March 6.— William Erkson.
an old resident of this valley, died to-.lay,
in his seventieth year. He leaves a widow
and two grown sons. He was for years
prominent in politics and Identified with
the schools. He served one term as Coun
[v Clerk. Erkson crossed the plains to
California in 1552. and soon afu-r settled
in this valley. He was a native of New
York. _
Ladles' tailor-made suit*, fur capes, cloaki.
Credit. If. Rothschild. 211 Butter, room* 8-7.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIA, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
AMERICAN FORCES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
AND ON THE WAY
Soon Uncle Sam Will Have a
Combined Strength There of
41,000 Men.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— Forty-one
thousand officers and men of the com
bined army and navy forces comprise
the approximate total American
strength now at, en route and under
orders for service for the Philippines.
No further reinforcements are now in
contemplation. The forces of the two
services already stationed in and about
the archipelago consist of twenty regi
ments of infantry, one engineer bat
talion, seven troops of cavalry and
eleven batteries of artillery, an aggre
gate of about 24,500 men. Nineteen
vessels, with an aggregate of 297 offi
cers, 2990 men and 253 marines make
up the naval contingent. This is ex
clusive of the transport Solace* with
161' officers and men all told, which is
constantly passing back and forth from
Manila, There are about 4800 army re
inforcements on the way to Manila,
making as rapid progress as possible,
and there are, roughly estimated, 7500
men in the force under orders to pro
ceed to the Philippines.
The following vessels are now at Ma
nila or Hongkong under the command
of Admiral Dewey: Baltimore, Ben
nington, Boston, Buffalo, Callao,
Charleston, Concord, Culgoa, Don Juan
de Austria, Helena, Isla de Luzon. Isla
de Cuba, Manila. Monadnock, Monoc
acy, Monterey, Olympia, Petrel and
Yorktown. These vessels carry 207 offi
cer?. 2990 sailors and 253 marines. The
transport Solace does not remain at
Manila.
Th^ Castine and Princeton arc now on
their way through the Red Sea to j"in
Admiral Dewey and the Oregon and her
! attendant vessel, the Iris, are traveling
', through the Pacific to the same desti
nation. These vessels will add to the
naval forces at Manila 59 officers, 739
I men and 84 marines. The captured
Bhips Don Juan de Austria, Isla d<-
Luzon and Isla de Cuba are not avail
: able for immediate service as they are
jin need of repairs. The Solace ha*
taken out a number <>f recruits and
with these the Isla de Luzon will be
manned. The Wheeling will Join the
Manila fleet, but is not to be counted
jas being available in the immediate
j future.
The regular troops now in the Phil
ippine Islands under command of Ma-
Jor-General Otis, consist of the follow
ing: The Fourteenth United States In
fantry, Eighteenth United States In
fantry, Twentieth United States In
fantry (which has but recently arrived
there, consisting of 41 officers and 1218
men). Twenty-second United State* In
fantry and Twenty-third L'nitod States
Infantry, a battalion of United States
Engineers, troops C, E, G, I. K. L «f the
Fourth United States Cavalry, Rat
teries G, H, X and L of the Third
United States Artillery and Batteries D
and G, Sixth United States Artillery.
Most of the volunteer forces already
in the field and must of whom have
b^rne the brunt of the engagements
with both the Spanish army on the
islands and more recently the Filipinos
have heen there since the American oc
cupation of the islands. They comprise
fifteen regiments of infantry, one tr"<>p
of cavalry and five batteries of artillery,
as follows: Infantry — First California,
First Colorado. First Idaho, Fifty-first
lowa, Twentieth Kansas, Thirteenth
Minnesota, First Montana, First North
Dakota. First Nebraska, Second Ore
gon. Tenth Pennsylvania, First South
Dakota, First Tennessee. First Wash
ington, First Wyoming, First Troop of
the Nevada Cavalry. Batteries A and B
ol the Utah Light Artillery. Batteries
ALGER IS READY
TO GET OUT
Tells McKinley He Will
Resign.
HE BEGS NOW FOR TIME
AND WAxfTS TO NAME HIS OWN
SUCCESSOR.
Above All He Objects to McCook, Be
cause That Gallant Soldier
Once Called Him
a -Sissy."
Special tflsratch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 6.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald |
telegraphs: Secretary of War Alger
has finally had a plain talk with the
President regarding his continuation in
the cabinet, in view of the strong op
position to him that has been mani
fested throughout the country.
A member of the Cabinet is authorl
j ty for the statement that Secretary Al
i ger told the President that, rather than !
i subject the administration to any em
| barrassment, he would retire; but he
j said he did not want to go out under
I fire while the hostile criticism of the
i War Department was at its height.
He suggested that in order to allow
! him to get out of the Cabinet as grace
fully as possible, he be allowed to sug
gest the name of his successor.
In the conversation that followed Sec
retary Alger remarked that he had seen
the President and that he would like to
have a New York man in the Cabinet, |
and the name, of General Anson Q. Me- \
k was mentioned. |
Secretary Alger is said to have asked
the President not to appoint General I
McCook, saying that the general was j
', his enemy and had referred to him as a j
■ •'sissy." Under the circumstances, he ;
I declared that General McCooks ap
pointment a* his successor would be
a personal insult to him.
I am informed that there was some
i further discussion of various New York
men in connection with the place, in
i the course of which it developed that
! Governor Roosevelt would like very
much to have Elihu Root given a place j
in the Cabinet. Some question was
: raised, however, as to whether Senator '
: - Platt would be pleased with the ap
pointment of Mr. R
Vallejo Pioneer Gone.
VALLEJO, Maren 6.— John Seymour, a
I resident of Vallejo, died to-day.
A and B of the California Artillery. th»
First Wyoming Ligh Battery, Tenth
and Eighteenth companies "i uu
United States Signal Corps.
In addition to these another company
f"r the signal corps has just been
formed at Manila, being recruited by
the transfer from th>- regular branch
of the army. This means of making up
the new company was made necessary
by the lack of time for dispatch of men
from the United States.
Reinforcements for the Philippines
now on the way aggregate in the
neighborhood of 4800 men all told. These
are made up of three general expedi- I
tions, as follows: The transport Grant,
with General Lawton and staff, with a
total of 64 officers and 716 men, includ
ing one battalion of the Seventeenth
Infantry and four companies <-f the i
Fourth Infantry. This expedition
sailed from New York January 19, was
reported at Singapore on Saturday, and
General Lawton cabled General Otis
that his expedition will reach Manila in
the early morning of the 10th inst. The
transport Sherman, Colonel J. H. Page
commanding, carrying a total of 34 of
ficers anil 1702 men, including the en
tire Third Infantry Regiment and a
battalion of the Seventeenth Infantry.
The Sherman sailed from New York
February 5. The transport Sheridan,
under command of Lieutenant <"<>lonel
J. H. Smith of the Twelfth infantry.
carries all of the Twelfth and a bat
talion of the Seventeenth Infantry,
making a total of 57 officers and 1796
men. Besides, the Roanoke, with a
fair sized detachment of recruits for
the various regiments already in the j
archipelago, has a good start on
the way to Manila, and the transport i
Valencia Bailed from San Francisco for \
Manila via Honolulu with l'>'> recruits j
for the infantry, artillery ami hospital
corps and a number of West I'nint
graduates assigned to duty with vari
ous companies in the Philippines.
To swell this formidable list of men j
already in the field and en route, five
regiments of infantry and the crack
Sixth Artillery, with an approximate
strength additional of 7500 men in all, |
are under orders to proceed to Manila '
at the earliest opportunity. These re- j
Inforcements, which go to the archi- i
pelago under an i>rder issued by the j
War Department last week, complete |
the roll of troops, so far as contemplat
ed, for service in the islands, and are
as follows: The Sixth United States I
Infantry, now at San Antonio; the
Nfnth United States Infantry, at Madi
son Barracks; the Thirteenth United j
States Infantry, in New York State; |
the Sixteenth United States Infantry, at
Fi*rt Crook and neighboring points;
the Twenty-first United States Infan
try, at Plattsburg. N. V., and the Sixth
United States Artillery. r."\v scattered
aJong the Atlantic coast at a number j
of points. The date <rf departure has |
not yet been fixed, but they are ex- I
pected to be at Manila May 15. If con- !
ditions are satisfactory when they !
reach Manila, it is likely that a corre- :
sponding number of volunteers may be ;
brought home.
On account of the calling out of so j
many troops for the Philippines, th°
War Department has decided to defer i
fur two months the sending of a garri
son to Honolulu. All of the transports
available on the Pacific side will be j
needed to carry reinforcements to Gen
eral Otis.
Twenty-Five Round Draw.
NEW YORK. March B.— At the Pelican
Athletic Club. Brooklyn, to-nisht "Jack"
Downey of Brooklyn and "Jack" Dela
laney of Now York fougrht a 25- round
draw at 132 pounds.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bash and Larkln sts. Swimming, Ruistan. hot
and cold tuD Dam*. Saltwater 4ir*ct from eoaao.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar*\
THREE SAILORS OF
THE ARIZONA LOST
sinl^ With a foundered Vessel
flfter Ha 9 Been Ordered
Off the Traosport.
O TACOMA, March 6.— John "Wickstrom, formerly quartermaster of ©
O the transport Arizona, has reached here from Hongkong with news O
O of the death of three sailors who shipped on the Arizona at San O
O Francisco. The unfortunates were George Forrester, Charles Turner O
O and "Jack" Kahn. Their lives were lost in a typhoon in the South- O
O em Ocean which sank a coasting schooner on which they were go- Q
O ing to Manila, drowning all hands. O
© Wickstrom says the sailors were very badly used by Captain O
© Ames of the Arizona, and that they were going to Manila to bring ©
© suit against the Quartermaster's Department for wages for the year's O
© service for which they had signed. They had worked night and O
© day at Manila, and on being refused shore leave at Hongkong went O
© ashore without permission. On their return they were ordered off the O
O ship. O
© Consul Wildman heard their case and decided they should go with O
O the vessel. It is claimed that to avoid taking them the Arizona sailed O
O several hours before her time. O
© To get to Manila the trio shipped on a rickety coasting vessel fly- ©
O ing the English flag. The schooner was hardly out of port before O
O a terrible typhoon came up. She is believed to have foundered in the O
O gale without giving the crew time to take to the boats, as none was ©
O saved. O
O Wickstrom has a few troubles of his own. He will bring suit O
© very shortly to recover a year's pay from the Quartermaster's De- Q
O partment. He. was shipped before the Arizona left, at $50 a month, Q
O and has never signed the release. He was sent ashore at Hongkong O
O with six sailors, including the three that were drowned. Consul ©
© Wildman is alleged to have ordered Captain Ames to take them ©
O back on board, but he engaged a Chinese crew and left pert before O
© the Consul's orders could be enforced. The Chinese were paid $20 O
O instead of $30 which the white sailors drew. Wickstrom says the cap- ©
© tain did not put up the necessary deposit at the Hongkong sailors' ©
O boarding house for any of the men. The port regulations require O
© $50 for each sailor left. O
O ©
0000000000000000000000000000000000
OTIS AND SHAFTER
GET THE PLACES
Both Named as Major
Generals.
Special Dispatch to The rail.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 6.
As the result of a conference at the
White House this afternoon between
President McKinley and Secretary Al
ger. it was determined that the army
a-eorganization act gave authority for
the appointment of only two additional
major generals, instead of five, in view
of the decision of the Government not
to raise the volunteer force of 35,000
men until the regular army was in
creased to its full strength of 65.000.
There is no question as to the right
' of the President to appoint five addi
tional major generals when the army
has been recruited to the maximum
'< strength authorized by the act. namely
! 100,000 men, but the act is so word, d
that the President and the Secretary
j of War were of the opinion that the
Other throe major generals could not
| be appointed until the 35.000 volunteers
ha i i n raised.
Acting in accordance with this eon
-1 struetion of the law the President has
appointed Major General Elwell S.
Otis. United States Volunteers, and
now brigadier general of the United
; States regular army, in command of
the troops in the Philippines, and
i Major General William R. Shafter.
United States Volunteers, now briza
j dier general of the United States
i regular army. in command of
th> Department of California, as
major generals of the reeu
; lar army. These appointments will not
' be announced until to-morrow. when
■ the opinion of the Attorney General
will be rendered as to whether new
. commissions must be issued or whether
th< appointees may act under the com
' missions now in force.
PRAIIRIE FIRES IN TEXAS.
Ranch Foreman and Two Employes
Perish in Flames.
ST. L.OUIS, March 6.— A special to the
Republic from San Antonio, T»x., says:
A dispatch from San Diego says prairie
fires are raging in Nueces, Starr and Du
val counties. It has not rained in that
eection lor more than six months and
the dead grass burns like tinder. Fires
are burning at half a dozen points along
the Texas-Mexican road between La
redo and Corpus Christi. They were
started by sparks from locomotives. Near
Aguilares, William Oliver, a ranch fore
man, and two laborers were surrounded
by the flames and all three perished.
MUST PUT SHIPS
OUT OF COMMISSION
Plight of the Navy Department Be-
cause of the Economy of
Congress.
WASHINGTON. March 6.-The offlriais
of the Navy Department are feeling
grateful for the small measure nf relief
extended by Congress in the increase of
the force of enlisted men. though the
total is still inadequate under pound prac
tice for the needs of the navy. Congress
authorized the Incresase of the force to
17.500 men. Last Saturday there were in
the navy 17.911 men. The officials think
that they can contrive to get along; for the
present with TT.r^x) men, and while they
will not be Under the necessity of put
ting out of commission any of the larger
ships now in active service, they will be
left absolutely without provision for man
ning the big battle-ships Kearsarge, Ken
tucky and the cruiser Albany, now nearly
completed. The department will be
obliged, in order to man these ships,
which the Government is bound to take
off the contractors" bands as soon as
they are cmpleted; to put some ships
out of commission.
ADA RICHMOND SUES
. JOHN STETSON SR.
Actress Seeks to Recover Dower
Rights Left by Her Alleged
Husband.
BOSTON. M; ir eh «.— Ada Richmond, the
actress who previously has figured as a
contestant of the will of the late John
Stetson of this city, calling herself Ada
Richmond Stetson, to-day entered suit for
$.jo<\ooo in the Superior Court against John
Stetson Sr.. to recover dower rights in the
estate left by John Stetson Jr.. to which
the rights of the father were established
in a former contest. At that trial the
plaintiff in the present suit alleged that
John Stetson Jr. married her in Rhode
Island and they lived together until his
cruelty drove her away. Justice Morton,
however, said she had not proved her
case.
THREE ESCAPES FROM
WHITTIER SCHOOL
Inmates of the Reformatory Make
Successful Breaks for
Liberty.
LOS ANGELES. March 6.— Lewis West,
one of the most daring young criminals
ever incarcerated In a penal Institution,
made a successful break for liberty from
the Whittier State School yesterday
morning. West had escaped at least a
half dozen times, but had always been
recaptured.
Yesterday morning a battalion conslat
ing of 100 boy? marched to Whittier to at
tend church. Th>> road is lined with shade
trees, affording inviting means of elud
ing the guards. When within a short dis
tance of the church West dropped behind
a pil^ of brush between two si
His absence from the ranks was not no
ticed until after the battalion had pro
ceeded about half a block. The officers
turned and saw Weal :::.:. ing across the
field. Fearing others In the battalion
would emulate West's example the offi
cera dared not start in pursuit. The bat
talion was marched to church and after
the services were tak> n b tck to school.
While the boys of < mpany B were on
the playground Edward Melvin and Joe
Commahdish slipped away from their
comrades, unseen by the company can
tain, and es aped from the grounds.
When they were missed the whistle was
blown and every rancher for several miles
around was out looking for the fugitives.
The sound of the whistle was heard fif
teen miles.
SUGAR MANUFACTURER
ENTITLED TO THE BOUNTY
Supreme Court Decides the Interest
ing Case of Mrs. Allen Against
Ogden Smith.
WASHINGTON, March 6. — Justice
Brown of the Unit* Bi fes Supreme
Court to-day handed (imvn the opinion of
th^ court in a case involving the question
as to whether the producer of sugar cano
or the manufacturer of sugar is entitled
to the bounty paid bj the Government.
The case wan that of Mrs. Bettie Allen
vs. Ogden Smith. Mrs. Allen being the
widow of the late Richard F. Allen, a
large sugar planter of Louisiana. The
Louisiana Supreme Court allowed Mrs.
Allen only half of the bounty allowed, the
total sum being J11.567, hut to-day's deci
sion reversed this decision, giving her the
full sum. oh the ground that she was the
actual manufacturer of the sugar and
that the manufacturer and not the cano
grower is entitled to the Government
bounty. Justice Brown remarked that
the cane grower would necessarily receive
his share of the bounty through the en
hanced price "i" cane caused by the allow
ance of a bounty.
SWIFT'S COMET SEEN.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. March 6.— A tele
gram has ben received at the Harvard
College Observatory from Professor J. E.
:■ at Lick Observatory stating that
Swift's cornel was observed i'y i :
on March 4 at 63:56 Greenwich time,
in right asceasiorj ;: hours 38 minutes 3
seconds and declination -T degrees 7 min
utes 32 seconds.
Mrs. McHale's Will Invalid.
VALLEJO, March »;.— Superior Judga
Buckles rendered a decision to-day set
ting aside the will made by the lati Mar
garet McHale of this city. By the terms
of the will the estate of $3500 was be
queatbed to relatives, msfffly residing in
the East, and the husband was cut off. A
contest was begun by the husband on the
ground that th< was of unsound,
mind. The contesi was sustained mi this
ground and on that of improper execution
of the will.
Bride of Ten Days Dead.
VALLBJO, March 6. Mrs. Nellie
• "heyney. wife of Electrician Chejmey of
Mare Island, died to-day. She had been
a bride only I>n ''.ays.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR NEW ESTABLISHMENT
W I iffir fffii? fifSii' =
*1 'Ira lira Ira —
.^iillSllEli
The above engraving shows the new factory
and salesrooms in San Francisco of Dr Pierces
Celebrated Electric Belts and Trusses. , •
We occupy the entire second and third' floors
of this building, which is located at <!20 Mar-
ket street, directly opposite the Palace Hotel,
and turn out more Belts and Trusses than any
similar firm in the United States.
Having Belts as low as #:?.."»n each, almost
any one can afford to purchase, while for from.
$1O to $23 we furnish the very best Electric:
Belt made," which we guarantee to be superior
to any Belt sold elsewhere at double the price.
For RUPTURE we manufacture an Electrio
Truss, which has cured thousands Of cases.
Call at the above address and examine the
goods, or send 2c in stamps for Booklet ci
Belts and Trusses, as may he required.
All callers receive respectful attention. There
are no quack doctors connected with this ••-
-uM»rtunent.;.'JV:-.v -:
56
TUESDAY MARCH 7, 189Q
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Managar.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
r/.ILT CALL (including Sunday Call), one year ffl.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 mcnths 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ttSo
EUXDAY CALL One Year * 1
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I>o<>
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Cample ccpies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE Z ~- 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfc* Houew
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE M.rquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertiain* Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until |
0:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9-50
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2£9> MarKet
»treet corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 25'fi
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk «tr«et, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second «na
KenlucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "La Tosca."
California — Sousa's Concerts, Friday, March 10.
Tivoli— -La Helle Helene."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Man With a Past."
Comedy — "As You Like It."'
Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company, Monday even-
ing. March 13.
Alhair.bra— "Dewey, the Hero of Manila."
Chutes and Zt>o— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Lcuderback— This day. at 10:30 a. m., and 2:30
p. m., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
A HOPELESS CASE.
THE report that a number of the so-called
"county"' officials elected in this city at the last
election contemplate inaugurating litigation by
which the question whether they have been chosen
under the county government act or under the new
charter may be decided by the Supreme Court brings
up a political subject of considerable interest. Of
course all these officials were elected with the under
standing that they would serve one year, but, not
withstanding that fact, it is not difficult to sympa
thize with them in their effort to hold on for four
years. An office is a precious thing, and to give it
up is always heart-rending.
But physical pain should not induce anybody to
undertake so hopeless a lawsuit as the one the local
officials in question have under consideration. There .
is no doubt whatever that the Freeholders who framed '
the new charter possessed the power to fix the terms ;
of all municipal officers and employes. In 1896 the
people adopted a constitutional amendment declaring
among other things that it shall be competent in all
charters framed under section 8 of article XI of the
lie bw "to provide for the manner in which, the
times at which and the terms for which the sev
eral county officers shall be elected or appointed, for
their compensation and for the number of deputies
tnat each shall have, and for the compensation pay
able to each of such deputies."
As if to dispense with all doubt as to the applica
tion of this provision, the same amendment speaks in
terms of city and county governments which shall
have been "merged and consolidated into one muni
cipal government." The only question remaining in
connection with the terms of officials under the new
charter is whether the instrument went into effect in
time to cover the election of last year, in other words,
whether the "county" officials elected in 1898 were
chosen under it or under the State law. But this can
not, it seems to us, enter into the controversy. The
grant of power quoted above in any event would
authorize the charter-makers to shorten the terms of
municipal officials, and it could not make any differ
ence to such officials when the new instruments went
into effect.
Under the circumstances it would appear that the
less time our local government expends in endeavor
ing to hold on the better. The Supreme Court can
not avoid deciding against the so-called "county"
officials. "What these gentlemen should do is to make
a good record and get ready for the fall campaign.
BRUTES ON THE BICYCLE.
SUNDAY a lady riding in the park was fun down
by a scorcher. The fellow was absolutely with
out excuse. He was coasting along the path
•with his feet over the handle-bars, a position from
which he could not possibly recover quickly to meet
the emergency likely to arise. Anybody but a fool
would have realized this, and a fool has no business
en a wheel.
The regulations of the park do not permit coasting.
A person guilty of such an offense against common
sense is subject to arrest, and he ought to be subject
to incarceration in an asylum for lunatics. Neverthe
less, the person guilty of subjecting the injured lady
to the peril of death was coasting merrily down
Strawberry Hill, and that his foolhardiness did not re
sult in murder is no credit to himself. Had he killed
the woman he would have gone on, as he did go,
anxious to escape the result of his criminal careless
ness. It is to be hoped that the coward will yet be
caught and made to pay some sort of penalty for his
bnital stupidity.
Thousands of San Francisco people ride the wheel.
They are entitled to protection. Most of them choose
tc ride in the park, because there there is a path for
them, smooth track, and comparatively level grades.
But if a woman-killing nincompoop is not subject to
restraint it appears that they are not sufficiently pro
tected. If every dolt whose brain swells the calf of
his legs is at liberty to maim or slay others who may
desire to ride, the bicycle path loses a measure of its
charm. We suggest that two park policemen be de
tailed to mount bicycles instead of steeds and patrol
the path given to the use of bicyclists. When they
observe an idiot coasting, to the peril of everybody
else, it will be their duty to gather him in and put
him where he will be incapable of harm.
"The American Boy" does not in our judgment
constitute a suitable name for a warship. There are
several ships in prospect, and there is not yet a Cali
fornia.
If Dreyfus would consent to die, and thereby live
up to current rumor, France could afford to extend
him a vote of thanks.
THE CAUCUS TRICK-
TWENTY-SEVEN legislative supporters oi
Daniel M. Burns, who have misrepresented their
constituencies and lowered themselves and the
State by their determination to force his election,
even though it should wreck the Republican party,
have declared their intention to continue the dead
lock at Sacramento unless their kind -of a caucus is
held. These gentlemen were elected from Assembly
! and Senatorial districts, not one of which tolerates
their choice, and every vote they have cast was a
breach of their representative obligations. They in
structed Senator Perkins to vote for the treaty" of
Paris, and against his personal convictions he obeyed
the instruction. But they have arrogantly and con
tumaciously asserted the right to disregard the
voices of the communities from which they came, to
tear instructions to pieces and to gratify their pri
vate inclinations, in whatever manner controlled, in
direct opposition to public sentiment.
The word "caucus" is generally used as a desig
nation of political gatherings to discuss party
measures. It is now proposed to twist its sig
r.ification into a method of securing a unanimous
and secret indorsement of an incompetent and dis
graced candidate for Senatorial honors in such a man
ner that the responsibility shall fall upon an en
tire party, and noi on individual legislators. It is
well that Republicans throughout the State, who are
among its most enterprising, intelligent and hon
ored citizens, should be formally apprised of the
treatment to which it is designed to subject them at
the bidding of the railroad. But they are too inde
pendent and too decent, and Ihey have too much
pride in the history and the achievements of the poli
j tical organization to which they are attached, by the
i tie of principle and not of pelf, to submit to a de
f liberate act of treachery that could not be cor.sum-
I mated in the face of day nor without secret mani
pulation of the most dishonorable nature. No man fit
to be a Senator of the United States could endure the
situation over which Dan Burns fiendishly gloats.
1 With no antecedents to recommend him, calied for by
I no substantial portion of his party, and indeed, out
! side of the Legislature, almost unanimously repu
i dialed because he has the railroad push and the Ex
• aminer behind him, he has braved popular denuncia- :
tion and threatened in terms to deprive the State of j
one representative in the upper house oi. Congress,
and thus to insure the defeat of the party, unless the
prolonged intrigue on his behalf is successful. His
barefaced assumption is that he can turn his minority
into a majority if new recruits can only be saved from !
personal identification.
Oui respect for the Legislature forbids us to anti
cipate anything less than the ignominious failure of
this last and most abominable effort to debase the
Republican party and to place it in the attitude of pro- j
claiming its own shame by accepting the railroad J
falsehoods during the last canvass and the candidacy
it failed to disclose until after the election. These
twenty-seven Senators and Assemblymen, in their
manifesto, which amounts almost to threats and to
menaces within the definitions of the Civil Code, ap
peal to representative institutions as supplying the
logical reason for the conspiracy they label as a de
mand for a caucus. This stuff is unworthy of a de
bate in a corner grocery. When they advocate Burns
whom do they represent? Do they represent the
citizens who elected them? Do they represent their
own families or their neighbors'? Do they repre
sent the intelligence, the educated citizenship, the
manhood, the honor of the State? If they do, the
evidences of these facts, not a scintilla of which has
so far been offered to the public eye or the public
ear, without a caucus, can be disinfected and produced.
Do they represent the railroad? If they do, and that
they do is indisputable, they would not dare to avow
that unspeakable dishonesty as a vindication of the
representative idea or of their fidelity to Republican
principles or to Republican policy. It takes sixty
votes, as the Legislature is now constituted, if all the
members are present, to elect a Senator. If through
a majority of a caucus, a minority of both houses,
thirty-three votes, should be added to the twenty
seven, and by this palpable fraud, against the will of
the Republican party and the people as a whole, Dan
Burns should be chosen, whom would the sixty repre
sent, and at what point would the representative prin
ciple come in? If a majority of a Legislature, which
is the immediate constituency of a Federal Senator,
can disregard their pledges and their constitutional
votes, and, by a secret, unofficial meeting convert that |
minority into a majority, it is too plain for argument
that the principle of representation is trodden into the
dirt and the fundamental theory of American institu
tions contemptuously violated. No chop logic or
brazen declamation can overturn this proposition.
There is not a sentence in the manifesto that is true
or even plausible. Its bold assertions could not de
ceive a child. It falsely parades ignorance, stupidity
and venality as the leaven that raises Republicans
to distinction. It is the mere edict of the railroad,
its last resort when other means have failed to justify
its rampant inebriety by driving its incompetent and
characterless agent like a wedge into the body of the
Senate and by pushing the beaten Democracy far into
the road toward victory.
This spectacular exhibition, -fortunately for the
country, has never before been equaled. Why not
elect Crimmins or Kelly or even Buckley? Any of
them would be as acceptable as Dan Burns to the
citizens of California, who would prefer, however, and
have often demanded, the prompt selection of a Re
publican, a statesman and a gentleman.
& RAID ON THE TREASURY.
THE bill before the Legislature to establish day
schools for deaf mutes has no excuse for being,
except to give somebody or several somebodies
a job at the expense of the taxpayer. It proposes to
have the people pay at the rate of $150 per annum per
capita for the instruction in the public schools of
deaf mutes between the ages of 5 and 21 years, and
adds also the feeble-minded juveniles of imperfect
speech. These two classes are to be brought into the
day schools, to associate with other pupils, and be
taught by the person who is able to round up five of
them and take the $150 apiece which the State is to
pay.
The scheme is insufferable. The State has near
Berkeley an old and perfectly equipped institution for
deaf mutes. They are there taught by the most ad
vanced methods, so that they can enter any walk or
calling that is open to the non-defective classes. Sev
eral have gone from that institution into the State
University, so perfectly trained in lip reading that they
were under no disadvantage in the class and lecture
re oms and laboratory, and graduated just the same as
if they were physically normal. To that institution in
the future as in the past these juvenile deaf mutes
should go to be systematically trained in lip reading
and articulation, in which instruction it has long
ranked foremost in the world.
The utter disregard of the interests of the defective
shown by the day school bill is appalling. Again,
normal children should not be brought during their
infancy in contact with the defective, and especially
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MATICH 7, 1899.
not with the feeble-minded. The plan to introduce
the latter into association and daily contact with
young children in the day schools is more idiotic
than any of the proposed beneficiaries of the law.
Wise people have long known that it is not well to
have a nervous, sickly, deformed or physically de
fective teacher for young children, because, through
the influence of suggestion, great harm is wrought
upon the nervous systems of the pupils. This being
so, how much greater harm must come of mixing the
■ feeble-minded, the sad victims of prenatal blight, with
l normal children!
For the feeble-minded there is an institution at
Glen Ellen, where the highest scientific care is de
voted to their development, and they should be sent
there at. as early an age as possible, for if defective
brain cells are to be repaired the process must begin
early.
The bill is a heartless job, devised to advance
some one's selfish interests under a pretense of phil
anthropic regard for the unfortunate. The amount
of money it will take out of the treasury cannot be
fcretold. No oversight is provided for the opera
tions under it, and it is as open to frauds as was the
coyote scalp bounty law. If the Legislature com
mit the folly of passing it, the Governor will find an
opportunity for his veto to serve at ©nee the unfor
tunate and defend the taxpayers.
THE CLOSING OF THE GflP.
BY the publication of Mr. Huntington's recent
letter to Edward Ivison of Santa Barbara
concerning the delay in closing tlic gap in the
railroad between Elwood and Suri The Call has lU<
cceded in drawing to it the attention «•! Mrs, Stanford
and Mr. George Crocker, thereby bringing about an
understanding among the dignitaries oi the Southern
Pacific and what promises to be -i speedy undertaking
of the work.
Neither Mrs. Stanford ooi V. i Crocker was
pleased with the insinuation conveyed in the state
ment of the Huntington tetter: "We have succeeded
in getting Mrs. Stanford and George Crocker to
! agree to go on and' close the K.ip." Each denies any
responsibility for the delay. Mr. Crocker states that
Mrs. Stanford and himself, so far from opposing
' railroad construction, have in the past personally
I obligated themselves for large sums of money for such
: work, and Mrs. Stanford, in an interview with the
New York correspondent of The Call, said: "Kindly
say that I am not an obstructionist. On the con
trary. I am in entire sympathy with the railroad in all
! that it proposes to do for the future development of
I California."
When these statements were repeated to Mr. Hun
tington that gentleman suavely replied: "There has
been a disagreement over this matter. We made the
promise years ago to close the gap, and certainly
should have redeemed that promise before now. While
I have always favored the building of this bit of road
ethers have thought it 'best to defer construction."
The statement thus made was qualified by Mr. Hun
tington in closing the interview by the remark, "We
have not disagreed over the closing of the gap.
There has been only a difference of business judg
ment."
Had the discussion brought out nothing more than
these declarations concerning the responsibility for
past delay, the subject would be of little importance,
notwithstanding its interest. It would have been no
more than a contribution to the history of the inner
councils of the Southern Pacific, and added nothing
to the public knowledge of the intention of the com
pany with respect to the time of beginning the work
on the long desired improvement.
Fortunately it did not end there. In his letter to
Mr. Ivison Mr. Huntington stated the railroad would
probably have the gap closed within a year after the
construction was fairly started, but he did not even
hint at the time when the work would begin. In his
interview with our correspondent in New York he
was more definite, and much more encouraging. He
is quoted as having said: "Recently Mrs. Stanford,
Mr. Crocker, Mr. Hubbard and myself met and con
sidered the advisability of closing the fifty-five mile
gap between the two town?. Mrs. Stanford and Mr.
Crocker gave their consent, and I at once ordered the
construction to proceed. I have given instructions
to push things vigorously, and I am hopeful the work
will be completed within a year."
In some respects this is the most important item of
news that has been given to Californians since the
year opened. It is of the highest value to all the
coast counties between San Francisco and Los An
geles, and indirectly to the State at large. The amount
of road to be laid is small, but the effect will be great,
for it will open a through line for the coast to the
south of us and thus prepare the way for the de
velopment of one of the most favored sections of the
State. Mr. Huntington has at last spoken words
that are truly encouraging, and now let us hope he
will live up to them.
WHO SUPPORTS BURNS?
OUR population is divided comprehensively into
two classes — drones and parasites, who feed on I
the State, and producers, who support it and !
add to its wealth, its power and its character. Dan ;
Burns is the candidate of the first class, who sustain
their laziness and their viciousness indirectly through
the railroad. A few tests, that each legislator can j
quickly apply, will prove this assertion. Has any
horticultural or agricultural community suggested
the election of Dan Burns? Have any miners or man- j
ufacturers, individually or collectively, mentioned him
as their choice? Have any merchants or mercantile I
bodies, bankers, capitalists or property-owners rallied
to his support? Have the schools, the universities, the
churches, any of the moral or intellectual forces of j
the community, manifested their preference for him? i
If all these questions are answered, as they necessarily :
must be. in the negative, what excuse is there for his
candidacy, and, still more, for his election?
Sports, gamblers, lobbyists, unclean politicians of
the lower type, the immoral and degrading pests of
our civilization, all impressed with the railroad brand,
are his impudent and blatant mercenaries. Which
combination do the members of the Legislature
recognize as the public or as composing the Repub
lican party, or as having the interests of the State at
heart? By which do they propose to be governed?
Their answer to these pertinent inquiries is loudly
demanded and will be received before the session
closes.
Either Packer Armour has been grievously lie-d
about or he owes this country immeasurable repara
tion, even to the erection of the tombstones marking
the resting-places of those who have gone hence
through eating canned germs of tuberculosis.
Stories that the Czar is a helpless invalid are now
said to be untrue. Nobody believed them anyhow,
and the correspondent is not entitled to more than
half space rates on his denial.
The evening bidders for railroad patronage a*Ve
scaling their bids very low down. Both are for
Burns.
WOULD BUILD
MODERN HOME
FOR INVALIDS
To Replace County
Hospital.
NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE
MARKET-STREET COMPANY TO
AVOID "DEATH'S CURVE. 1 '
Has Apparently Abandoned the Pro
posed Plan of Running Electric
Cars Down Geary Street
and Into Kearny.
The Supervisors are anxious to replace
the ramshackle nuildings that do duty as
a City and County Hospital ny a splendid
modern structure put on the A-lmahouse
tract. To this end a resolution was pre
sented at- the meeting of the Board vster
day by Chairman Attrldge of the Hospital
Committee. it pledges the board to pro
vide In tho tax levy of the next llscal
year for the sum of $400,000 for erecting
and equipping such a building.
Supervisor Deasy spoke feelingly of the
present accommodations for the city's
sick, saying one would not willingly send
.1 dog there, much leas a friend or a rela
tive. Th( being a question as to the
right of the board to provide for a hos
pital, the matter was referred to the Hos
pital Committee for further Investigation
before definite action bo taken.
The Market-street Railway Company
officials have apparently given hoed to
public opinion in the. matter of running its
electric oars down Geary street and ;
thence Into Kearny. They applied yester- |
day fur a franchise over certain down- j
town streets that Would make a connect-
Ing link between Btreets over which they,
already hold a franchise without using
the dangerous curve at Geary and Kearny :
streets. The new route Is: Commencing;
at the intersection of Geary street and j
Grant avenue, thence along Grant avenue |
northerly to Bush street and along Bush
street to Its Intersection with Sansome. (
It also asks for a franchise commencing •
at the intersection of Taylor and Geary
streets, thence northerly along Taylor
street to its intersection with Post.
An extended discussion ensued over the
proposition to have all city printing done
In offlceb using the label of the Allied
Printing Trades Council. The motion |
finally prevailed. Thoso opposing it were j
Kalben. Black. Phelps and Collins The I
board was addressed by C. E. Hawkes, ex- ;
president of the Typographical 1 nion. in ;
favor of the measure, while Harrison
Barto of the Typothet ed it. In a
long and car. -fully prepared opinion
signed by the Printing Committee, it was
held that it was illegal to bind them to
any printing offices, as contracts must be
let to the lowest bfddi r.-.
The City and County Attorney was di
rected to commence suit to protect and se
cure the city's interest in the property at
the foot of Fillmore street wharf and for
a distance 200 feet each side of the wharf. ,
which was described by the city Attorney '
Ln W4 as city propery. This forms part
of the Fair estate near Black Point.
The Assessor was directed to assess the
franchise and all other property of the
San Francisco and San Mate.) Railway
Company in this city and county for the
fiscal year 1899-1900 in accordance with the
recent opinion of the City and County At
torney. The Mayor was requested to
make such representations to the Board
of Epualization and to take such action as !
may preclude it from making any assess
ment of the franchise, roadway, roadbed,
rails and rolling stock of the said street
railway.
It was decided that when an election is ;
held to provide for public improvements i
lit the public expense by the issuance of
bonds that the estimate of $200,000, made
by the Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs, is hereby adopted as the ex
pense of constructing the main sewer petl- j
tloned for, and shall be submitted, with ;
►other matters which will be recommended I
for such action us the electors deem j
proper.
The License Collector was directed to
issue to J. H. Belser. James Tobin. H.
Orummey ami Edward Felton streetwork
solicitors' licenses.
The City Engineer was directed to make
the necessary surveys to <1. t°rmine the
best practicable route for the extension
of Sunnyside avenue to Dewey boulevard
or Corbett avenue. The engineer was also
directed in making thf surveys for the
repaying of Market street, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue, to conform
to the curbs already laid.
A resolution was passed requiring all
wagons used for the purpose of deliver
ing naphtha, kerosene or any other prod
uct of petroleum, to have a tray so con
structed and attached to Paid wagon
that the contents will not leak or drip
upon bituminous pavements. All persons
delivering any of these articles shall use
tight tanks, cans or other vessels for the
conveyance of the same.
Two" petitions were presented asking
that the city printing be awarded onl" to
union offices. It was referred to the
P-inting Committee.
\V. Clayton, secretary of the San Fran
eiseo^and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company, notified the board that the com
pany will commence work to-morrow
opening the street on Dolores to Chenery
and along Chenery to Thirtieth to Fair
mount street for the_purpose of putting
in switches and some double track.
X E Gould. P. H. Norton and W. F.
Hanrahan applied for licenses to solicit
street work.
Supervisor Holland arose to a question
of personal privilege. He read an ex
tended reply to criticisms in the papers
of work which he. as chairman of the
Building Committee, would do. He read
from Mayor Phelan's last message and
showed that his Honor was the first to
call attention to the necessities of the
hall. Mr. Holland promises that there
will be no extravagance during tne term
of the present board.
DESTRUCTIVE SEA LIONS.
Thousands of Salmon Slaughtered in
the Upper Bay.
Deputy Fish Commissioner John Davis
has Just returned from a trip up the river
and reports that the spring run of salmon
has begun. It is true that these fish
have been ascending the rivers in small
numbers during the winter, but the big
run seems now to have started in. Around
Martinez the fishermen are complaining
loudly of the depredations of the sea lions
in the waters of the upper bay. These
creatures follow the salmon in great num
bers and in one day a good-sized, vigor
ous sea lion will destroy enough fish to
keep a canning factory running for half
that time. Aside from the destruction of
the fish, the fishermen have another rea-
BOU for complaint.
Many of the salmon get into the nets
and there they fall easy victims to the sea
lions. In the rush of these animals the
nets are literally torn to pieces and the
cost of repairing, aside from the loss of
fish, is no small feature in the profit and
loss account of the fishermen. As the sea
llon<* run as far as Sacramento and to
Bouldln Island in the San Joaquin, the net
men are all provided with rifles and shoot
whenever they see their aquatic enemies
fhow their he.ads above the surface of the
water.
Wells-Fargo Still Dodging.
The suit brought in the Superior Court
by ex-Attorney General Fitzgerald
against Well?. Fargo & Co. to compel
the corporation to pay the war revenue
tax on packages forwarded by it was
transferred yesterday from the Superior
Court to the United States Circuit Court.
Poolroom men are talking of making a
"book" on the proposition that the case
will not be decided before the war taxes
are abolished.
Suit for Legal Services.
The case of James L. Crittenden and
Sydney M. Van W'yck against the execu
tors of the will of the late Herman Llebes
was opened by Judge Stawell yesterday.
The plaintiffs, who are well-known attor
seek to recover JIOW for the* labor
in "drawing up the last will of the dj;
,]. A trust was created in the will,
ard the executors set up the defense that
the triist is invalid, hence the attorneys
are not entitled to a fee for their services.
DICK SLOSS
IS ENGAGED
Young Millionaire will Wed
a Boston Belle.
D!ok Sloss. youngest son of Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Sloss. is soon to become a benedick.
The glad news of his engagement to BUSS
Hecht of Boston was conveyed by tele
graph to his relatives In this city yester-
a f7ie betrothal of the young couple is the
happy culmination of a romance tnai
dates hack to Mr. Sloss 1 college days.
Mr Moss met MIM Hecht while he was
pursuing bli studies at Harvard-an ac
quaintance thftt was renewed during the
lady's visit last summer to her relatives In
this city Miss Heeht is a recognized belle
In Boston and enjoys the well merited
reputation of being one of the brightest
and wittiest vomen in a city famous for
tl,.- Intellect «.f the "better half of hu
m.uiity.
Mi- 81088 has lons been recognized as
one <>f the mosi eligible beaux of tbe city.
ii, j b member of tli»> law- firm of < nick
ering Thomas A Gregory and brother of
Leon ; t if! Louis Bloss of the Alaska Com
nicrcl.'il < 'ompany.
Mlsa Hecht Is a cousin of Mrs. Marrus
Gerstle and Mrs. William Oc/stlo and
niece <>f Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Hecht.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. Thomas Flint of San Juan Is regls
i. : • 1 :it thr Talace.
ft H. Walker, a capitalist of Salt Lake
City, is at the Occidental.
R. E. Jack, the San I>uis Obispo banker,
is registered at the Palace.
C. P Masterson. a mining man of San
Andreas, is located at the Russ.
William H. Llewellyn, a prominent New
Yorker, is staying at the California.
William Wehner, a rancher of Ever
green., is a late arrival at the California.
A. A. do Ligue. District Attorney of
mento, is registered at the Grand.
Albert Bettens. proprietor of Byron Hot
Springs, will be at the Palace for a few
days.
C. D. Snedeker, an attorney of Perth
Amboy, X. J.. is at the Palace, accom
panied by his wife.
Thomas Barry, a mhiing man of Butte.
Mont., and W. D. Keyser, a Hopland cat
tleman, are at the Russ.
P. Oharlebois, a Ventura merchant, and
Joseph '"!f\cg\ a business man of Auburn,
are two of the arrivals at the Lick.
Thomas O. Toland of Ventura and Alex.
Tr. v.n of Milton, members of the State
Board of Equalization, are at the Lick.
Peter Musto. a Stockton merchant,
and Brad Barna, a mining expert of Lon
don, are making the Grand their head
quarters.
L. M. Alr-xander, a capitalist of Milwau
kee, is registered at the California with
his wife and two children. Mrs. J. W.
Cameron accompanies them.
F. M. Martin, a Scbastopol merchant,
Dr. C. V,'. Kellogg of Lakeport and H. Mc-
Murohy, a rrack pigeon shot of Syracuse,
N. V., are guests at the Grand.
Gojuro Nagasaki. New York agent for
the Yokohama Specie Bank. Limited, h-is
arrived at the Occidental with his wife
and child. He is on his way to Japan to
rr-port to the home office.
F. C. Berry and wife, H. F.. Berry and
W. Berry, three brothers, who have min
ing claims in the Klondike region which,
they say, will net them over $400,000 this
year, will leave shortly to attend to their
Interests and will go by way of the trail.
William A. Bissell. assistant traffic man- i
ager of the Santa Fe, yesterday establish- j
ed his headquarters In the offices of the
Valley road at 321 Market street. His |
staff will consist of "William Alberger, j
chief clerk, and Hugh Curran, private sec- '
retary.
T. Kurashige. chief engineer of the
Tokio Water Works, arrived from the i
East yesterday afternoon and is now at
the Palace. He will be joined to-day by |
I. Zushi. engineer general of the Japan
ese Government Railway, and M. Matsu- |
moto. chief of the Railway Department of
Japan.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 6.— Thomas Hayes
and E. H. Winchester of San Francisco !
are at the Fifth Avenue.
MUST HAVE CERTIFICATES.
Chinese Students and Merchants Not
to Be Landed Without Papers.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow, on j
behalf of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, handed down a decision yes- j
! terday reversing the decision of the Ore
! gon court in the case of the Government
apainst Chu Chi and Chu How.
The Chus are Chinese boys. 13 and 15
years old, respectively. They were al
lowed a landing on the ground that they
were students, notwithstanding the fact !
that they did not have a certificate to
that effect, as required by the statutes, j
The United States District Court in Ore- ■
gon decided that as the boys had proved
that they were students they were en- J
titled to land by reason of that fact !
alone and that the certificate was not i
necessary.
Judge Morrow's decision yesterday was
to the effect that the certificate is re
quired by the statute and that being with- i
i out the "certificate they had been landed j
i illegally. The fact that they were stu- I
i dents in fact did not establish their status
! under the law.
They will be deported.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE PARIS EXPOSITION.— A. A. 8.,
Alameda. Cal. The price of admission to
the Paris Exposition of 1900 has not^yet
been announced.
GERALDINE.— C. H. W.. Veterans'
Home, Cal. Oeraldine is now a brood
mare at the Napa stock farm, owned by
A B. Spreckels. She still holds the rec
ord for four furlongs of 46 seconds.
THAT TWENTY MlLLlONS—Subscrib
ers, City. The twenty milions which the
United States Government is to pay to
Spain in connection with the treaty has
been incorporated in the appropriation
bill.
INDIAN NAMES— A. S.. City. Tiere is
no one book that gives the names of all
the States and cities of the American
Union that are of Indian origin and the
definition of each. Such can be obtained
only by a lons research through the his
tory of each State ana Territory.
RED CROSS NURSES— Subscriber, i
Spenceville, CaL There is no prescribed
uniform for nurses of the Red Cross So-: i
ciety. They usually wear in cool climates
a dark dress, white cap. white cuffs and ■
white apron, with the distinguishing red
cross brassard on the arm. In warm cll
matos a light calico is substituted for the
dark material.
A STOCK COMPANY-D. A.. City.
This department has not been able to
find a law which says that a man who
owns shares in a stock company may not
at any time dispose of his shares and re
tire from the company. If. however, the
company asked about in the letter of in
quiry 13 a partnership concern it must be
governed by the law governing partner
ships and the covenants.
SENATORSHIP-A. B. C. City. If the
Legislature should adiourn without elect
ing a United States Senator from Califor
nia there would be, as generally under
stood, a vacancy, the term of the incum
bent having expired on the 4th of March,
and the Governor would have the right to
appoint, the appointee holding until the
next session of the Lesislature, but in the
Oregon case there was a different ruling.
In that case the Legislature failed to elect
a Senator, the Governor appointed Cor
bett. but he was not accorded his seat, the
Senate holding that there was no va
cancy.
REVOLUTIONARY
IDEAS OF THE
REV. DR. GIBSON
Holds His Church Up
to Criticism.
CREATED MARKED SURPRISE
USES THE CATHOLIC CHURCH
FOR COMPARISON.
The Well Known Divine Advocates
an Open Door Policy for Prot
esta-at Institutions and
Less Grumbling.
.Rev. J. George Gibson of Emmanuel
Baptist Church created a mild sensation
yesterday at the weekly meeting of Bap
tist ministers by his criticisms on the
manner in which Protestant churches are
operated, erected and located, as com
pared with Catholic Institutions. He di
vided his usually Interesting paper in six
subdivisions, and each contained sensa
tional Ideas. The title of his paper, "Les
sons From the Catholics," was sufficient
to arouse the Interest of all present, and
its contents startled and amused his
brother ministers. In part he said:
Roman Catholics know how to build
churches. They do not put up shells or bams.
If you see a flimsy Catholic churcn you may
make up your mind It is a mission, to be re
placed In a few years by a splendid buiidine.
Anything may be good enough in wnlch to
make a beginning, but it is always re^aided
as a beginning. If they put up a frame or
patch up an old dwelling It is not ligardea as
a finished church. Some day they intend to
move cut. and amid weeping for vie old ana
Joy for the new, praise God in a splendid tem
ple that will stand to man and weather for
years. I am not raising the question wher»
they get the money— all I say is they show good
sense in building houses that stand tor years
in their strength and majesty.
There 13 a glory in them we do n"t nn<i in
the buildings that beloug to other denomina
tions. On the outside they are majestic and in
side they Inspire silence and devotion.
The speaker then went on to show that
the Catholics know where to build, and in
support of his assertions cited many in
stances where good judgment was shown
in erecting sacred edifices, "for show in
some cases and for work in others."
I Other churches may grumble about their lo
i cations, but not the Catholics. They select th*
! location they want, or wait until they can ge'
'< it. They don't pick a wrong location and then
I grumble. 'If the circumstances change around
I their church they change their church to an
■ swer the circumstances.
They keep open every day. yet the, cost does
not frighten the people away. The poor don t
steal the candles to light up their rooms, nor
does the dude pluck flowers from the altar to
I put them in his button hole.
Dr Gibson then drew a fanciful picture
of the light streaming through the stained
glass windows of a Catholic church and
: the activity within in contradistinction
to the inactivity in the Protestant
i churches.
There is always a sign of life, some token
of enthusiasm that something is going on. The
Protestant church is always closed. The dust
Fathers on the doorsteps where boys and girls
play their games. The place seems deserted.
The silent pUe of lumber suggests death, idle
ness-or the people, like Baal, are away on a
In advocating a wide-open door policy
for his church, the speaker gave a short
description of the Catholic church its
methods and the manner in which Its
i members drop in at all times to pray
' He then took a fling at his colleagues by
' criticizing their wont to live miles away
; from their pastorate. "Catholics always
i know where to find their priests, he said.
"A priest can live in a house without a
bay window and within the sound of ham
mers and the smell of restaurants. Some
men thrive best when they are miles
away from what is known as home cook
'■ ln f he doctor then took up the subject of
assistants, and told how the Catholics
conducted their church and the number
i of priests to carry on its services and
! then pointed out how a minister of the
i Protestant faith had to attend to all his
duties, and if he take an assistant and
' pay him out of his own pocket his con
gregation would call him lazy He cited
S" own case by saying that he had hU
assistant lead in prayer one evening, and
members of his church remarked his ap
parent sloth, whereas he had attended
f and participated in nearly ten meetings
be i Or s ho e r?dis!us s^n followed the conclu
sion of the paper.
Uncle Sam Is Boss.
' Germaine Pouchan and Louis Schlatter.
proprietors of the St. Germaine Restau
rant appeared for sentence in the United
States District Court yesterday morning,
having been convicted by a jury of having
served wine in unstamped bottles and in
refilled bottles bearing the old stamp.
Judge de Haven sentenced the defend
ants to pay a fine of $100 each. The de
fendants declared their intention of pay
ing the fines, and will not take an appeal.
A. C. Whitcomb's Estate.
The ninth annual account of the trus
tees of the estate of the late A. C. 'Whit
comb was filed for settlement yesterday.
The recapitulation shows that the amount
of the trust fund on February 23, 1599,
was 53.458.251 39.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104 X •
CRUCIAL POINT.
Her father— lf you are already engaged
and matters have been settled between
you what do you want to see me about?
The budding" financier— l would like to
know from you whether it is advisable to
marry her.— Life.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesday*
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestlbuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
office. 62S Market tt. •
Physicians ■will tell you Dr. Siegert's Angos
tura Bitters is the best of all tonics and
stomach regulators. Druggists sell it.
DIDN'T TUMBLE.
Tom Mentor— Muggins' new gag didn't
bring down the house, as he expected.
Ham Fatter— No. the house didn't tum
ble to it.— Boston Transcript.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
bovai BAKiwa EOWQgW CO., new YOB*.COAL SHIPS
DELAYED BY
ADVERSE WINDS
M. P. Grace and Brus
sels Reinsured.
LOST THIRTY DAYS IN A FOG
BARK WOOLAHAEA'S LONG VOY
AGE ACCOUNTED FOR.
Schooner Charles Hanson Pooped on
the Eureka Bar — Reinsurance
on Two Overdue Ships
Jumping.
The American ship M. P. Grace and the.
British bark Brussels have just com
': pl-eted two of the longest voyages, that
have been made between Australia and
' San Francisco In year?. Neither vessel
.. sighted the other during the run and yet
It would stem as though each captain
.was trying to be the last in. They sail
d within a day of each other, crossed the
equator the same day. 62 degrees of longi
tude apart and reached San Francisco
within forty-eight hours of each other.
Strange to say, the American ship en
countered nothing but light winds and
calms, while the British bark had "dirty
weather" nearly all the way and lost her
Jibboom In a squall.
The M. P. Grace left Sydney, N. S. W.,
on November 21 last. No southeast trade
winds wore picked up end the vessel
drifted nearly all the way to the equator,
■ which was crossed in 120 west longitude.
From the equator to port the Grace en
countered nothing but light winds and
• calms.
The Brussels left Newcastle, N. S. TV.,
on November 20 last, and after getting off
shore had continuously dirty weather
; from the north and northeast to
latitude 5 south. The equator was cross- i
ed in 172 west longitude and ten days later |
■a squall struck the vessel, carrying away I
a number of sails, jibboom and fore top- !
gallant mast. The trade winds were lost i
in 19 north, after which the bark hud
nothing but light winds, accompanied by '•
••a. heavy cross sea. which made every one
of the crew long for port.
The Grace and Brussels were to long i
out that reinsurance was paid on both
of them. It was not heavy enough to i
tempt the gamblers, however.
The British bark woolahara, which ar- •
rived at Eureka the other day, gave her !
■ owners and agents a great scare. She
was forty-rive days out from Honolulu In
ballast and the insurance men were get
ting to wonder what had become of her. :
■After leaving Honolulu the bark made
. splendid time and in ten days was 400
■ miles- off Eureka. Then unusually heavy
weather was run into and the "Wo'olahara
was i riven back. She made the coast
again in a fog an.d for a month was off
the Eureka bar. Once or twice she tried
to- cross in. but had to stand out to sea ,
;again. Several times she heard the tugs !
.. whistle, but could net make herself heard '
.mi the fog. Finally the weather .beared j
,un. the bark was seen and towed into i
port. She will load 750.000 feet of lumber
for Sydney, X. S. W.
The schooner Charles Hanson, which
; left here over a week ago for Eureka,
had a hard time of it crossing in over the
Humboldt River bar. While being towed
in a big sea broke aboard, half killing two
• of the crew and carrying away the taff
ra:l. The men were washed down the ;
companion way and had several bones I
broken. The cabin was flooded and the
cabin boy. who was laying the table for
di-nner. was half drowned. The Hanson
will load lumber for Hawaii.
Reinsurance on the British bark Carnar
von Hay and ship Alcides is going up '
■wrth leaps. The Carnarvon Bay is out
171 days from Tacoma for Queenstown !
and last Saturday 30 per cent reinsurance !
-was paid. Yesterday 30 per cent was of
iVred and no takers. The Alcides, one of
the fastest vessels in the grain trade ■
is. out HI days from San Francisco for i
London, and Saturday 20 per cent rein- j
surance was paid on her. Yesterday 30
.per cent was offered and to-day it "will 1
probably be still higher. The Carnarvon ;
Bay is loaded with 70.355 centals of wheat |
valued at $71,000. and the Alcides with j
••30, 15? centals of barley, valued at $44,000,
besides a general cargo.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landla will make another trip to Manila 1
BRIGHTS DISEASE
.
If you have any indication cf kidney trouble or a weak-
ness of these vital organs you may have Bright's disease, or
an affliction which may lead to this usually fatal ailment.
PAIN OR WEAKNESS IN THE BACK OR SIDE. DARK.
CLOUDY OR ODOROUS URINE. PUFFINESS UNDER
THE EYES. DESIRE TO GET UP AT NIGHT AND NAU- \
SEA AFTER EATING are a few dangerous symptoms.
The kidney specialists of Dr. Meyers & Co.'s staff of physi-
cians cure all diseases of these organs and diseases of the
BLADDER LIVER SPINE
HEART STOMACH BLOOD
NERVES ' SKIN JOINTS
Dr. Meyers & Co. also cure private diseases — varicocele,
rupture and piles, and restore to robust h alth and strength •
i • victims of lost vitality, wasting weakness, unnatural drains,
discharges, etc.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been established for more than
eighteen years. They have the largest and best equipped
medical institute and the most extensive practice in America.
. They have gained their present high standing by curing their
ij patients; they cure their patients because they have unusual
skill, vast experience and
SUPERIOR METHODS AND REMEDIES.
The remedies used -by Dr. Meyers & Co. are purely herbal
and harmless. They act directly upon the diseased and weak-
ened tissues, restore the wasted energies and give back to the
entire human structure the animating elements of life which
have become wasted. They give to the brain, nerves and mus-
cular system that buoyancy which renders the mind active,
brilliant and cheerful, entirely overcoming that dull, inac-
tive, sluggish disposition which makes the debilitated so miser-
able ' FREE BOOK HOME CURES.
FREE BOOK HOME CURES.
It is not always necessary to see a patient in order to ef-
fect a cure. If you cannot call, write for free private book
for men, symptom blanks and full particulars of a successful
system of home cures. All letters confidential. Advice free
at office or by mall.
PATIENTS NEED NOT PAY TILL CURED.
"We have such faith in our ability that we will let patients
deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with any responsible
business house or newspaper in San Francisco, to be paid to us
only when cure is made, or we will accept monthly payments if
preferred. (Signed) DR. MEYERS & CO.- .
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
j 731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
TAKE HOURS-8 to 12, 1 to 5 Dally.
ELEVATOR. Evenings 7 to 8. Sundays 9 to 11.
BATTLED WITH HEAD W/IINDS.
ONE of the longest passages between Newcastle, N. S. W., and San
Francisco^in years has just been completed by the Brussels. She
sailed on November 20, and ever since has been fighting head
winds and calms. She and the M. P. Grace were trying to see which
would be the longest coming here. The Grace won.
[as a transport. The Government will not
give her up. and as soon as 1 she can be
KOt ready another start will be made.
This will leave the steamship company
without a boat to put, in the Australian
trade to relieve the Alameda and Mari
poßa. so those two vessels will have to
: wait for th-ir new triple-expansion ma
■ chinery until the Government releases the
i The^City of Puebla, which arrived Sat
urday night, will be returned to the Pa
cific "Coast Steamship Company. Major
Long at first refused to give up the ves
i sel but Captain C. M : :-.. r Gqpdall made
j out such a strong case that the quarter
i master gave in. .
The Alaska excursion season is now
about io open and the steamship company
must pet the Queen ready for that trade.
Ever since the Puebla went into the
transport service the Queen has filled her
Place en the Puget Sound run. and had
'■■ not the Pacific Coast people not got the
' Puebla back it would have been in a
quandary. After a hard tight Captain
1 Goodall secured his vessel and now all
'The Question of Folsom street for the
use r>f the transports will be settled by
the Harbor Commissioners to-day. >lajor
long wants the wharf, but the A a ska
Packers' Association and the Alaska
commercial Company refuse to give it up
The Commissioners have offered Lombani
street wharf and the seawall, which Ma
jor Long promptly refused.
A QUIET WEDDING.
Mr. Hoover and Miss Fresham Mar
ried After a Romantic Court
ship.
Ralph Y. Hoover and Miss Anna Fres
ham were quietly married at noon yester
day in the First Congregational Church
by the Rev. G. C. Adams. The ceremony
was witnessed by only a few intimate
friends of the couple. There is quite a
little romance connected with the mar
riage, over a year ago Miss Fresham,
with a friend, came to San Francisco
from Grand Rapids. Mich., in search of
health and pleasure. It was while she
was here that Mr. Hoover met her
It was the old story of love at first sight
and when Miss Fresham returned to her
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
home some three months ago it was with
the understanding- that she would shortly
come back to California to make It her
home. Mr. Hoover is a prominent ma
chinist of this city, although he is a resi
dent of Napa. After a brief visit to the
home of his parents the young couple will
reside in Alameda.
Dora Fuhrig's Case.
The jury in whose hands the fate of the
notorious midwife. Dora Fuhrig. rests,
was dismissed yesterday afternoon by
Judge Cook that the admissibility of her
victim's dying statement might be ar
gued. Prior to her death Anna W.
Walmsley, for whose death Mrs. Fuhrig
is now on trial, made a statement that
Mrs. Fuhrig was responsible for her con
dition. Whether or not this statement
will be admitted will be decided by Judge
Cook this morning.
Pianos to rent at Mauvais', 769 Mar
ket street- •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Monday, March 6, 1899— Fiftieth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
EDWIX F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Ptarter.
774 FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Indox. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
:tlng.
CI.
646 Morbid 115! 6 2 4 1 h Spencer I 2 3
646 Kitty Kelly 110 2 ... ... ... 3 2 2 3 ! Rutter ! 5 3
731 Mountebank 113 9 ... ... ... 9 3 3 1 Hennessy .... 8 IE
703 St. Agnes 110 3 ... ... ... 4 4 4h H. Martin ! 3 6
... Gllßsando 118 ! 5 ... ... ... 8% 5h G. Wilson | 5 6
672 Tanobe 113 8 ... • ... ... 7 4 6 4 |Piggott 12 10
703 Bamboulla 113 : 4 ... ... ... 11 7 4 H. Shields 6 10
733 Tar Hill 1131 1 ... ... ... 10 ft V, (Powell 3 7
763 Gipa 1151 7 ... ... ... 5 4 9 'Thorpe • •
710 Sisquoc IOSJIO 8 1 10 JMeXlchols ... 8 • 20
•Coupled with Glissando.
Time— 3-16. :IS4; 7-15. :424. Winner, W. B. Jennings' b. f. by Imp. Midlothian-Tearless.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Morbid proved gamest at the end. Mountebank made a fine run. Tar Hill was cut off
at start.
Scratched— 110. Flush of Gold 115.
2 3
5 3
8 IE
3 6
5 6
12 10
6 10
3 7
• •
8- _20
"7*7 ST SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; four-year-oldg and upward; over five
CCO* hurdles; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. "Weight. jSt. Std. J.im. %m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. 'Op. CI.
654 Tyro, a 139' S 2 2 lh 11 15 ... TlO IT. Murphy. ...l 7-J 4T5
773 Joe Cotton, a 13912 3^4 *">i *M 32 ... 2h iCummings ... 6 \n
... Three Forks, a 13913 lh 26 23 22 ... 36 iMoAulifre ....' B H
7IS Colonial Dame, 4. ..129! 6 44 2h J«i 42 ... 42 IKenny j 10 SB
fit" MaJorß, 8 132 S 6h S4 510 R6 ... SlO ißouillier ! 4 »-•>
697 Monita. a 132 9 9 72 62 fi 10 ... 615 ICalrng • 5 10
667 Arundel, a 14214 SV» 6% 7 3 Sl5 ... 73 IHenry I T> Ifi
... Cyrus Hock, 5 13811 7 2 S6 8 8 71 • ... g2O IKerrin *> «0
S7S Imp. Allen. 6 13917 82 9 9 9 9 IMcKenna .... 60 75
Time— 2:22*4. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. g. by Longfellow-Leonora Morris. Good start.
Wen easily. Second and third driving.
No comment is necessary on thgee extravaeanzas.
Scratched— Colonel Bartlett 125.
Std.
] .4m. %m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
*7*7C± THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward 1
CCO* purse. $400.
) ■ i Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. Std. %m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. Op. CI.
76!) Tom Cromwell. 6... 112! 1 lh 24 11 12 12 12 I Jones ....I 2 4
753 Gotobfd. 4 10513 6 4 7 61 5 1 .3 4 !14 |Hr>lmcs 15-2 4
767 Joe Muasle, 5 109 ; 6 5 4 34 2h 21 21 3% (Hennessy .... 6 0
(766) Pare 11. 5 109 1 2 2 1 14 314 42 53 42 H. Martin 2 9-5
(762) Truxlllo. 5 10915 3h 4h 42 3 4 4 4 5 5 IThorpe 5 10
879 Major Hooker, 4. ...1021 7 7 52 547 7 61 IDevin 10 20
747 Peter 11. a 112! 4 4 h 6h 7 6 1 6 1 7 |P»g*ott 5 I
Rtd.
Mm. 'im.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Tin:.' l-l<s. :^\: H-16. :3l«4; 9-16. :sfi%; 13-lfi. 1:22%: milr. 1:43%; 1 1-I*s mHfes, 1:48%. Win-
ner, Dr. H. E. RowolVb eh. h. by Bramble-Fonsle. Good start Won easily. Second and
third driving.
Cromwell won easily the last part. Holmes made a late move with Gotobed. Dare
"doesred" It. Peter II was sore and In no condition to race.
Sv rat ched— Dick Behan 199. Stan Powers 10."., Personne 109.
yyy FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse, $4110.
Index. Horse. A?<\ Weight.
%m. '
Hm.
%m.
str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(612) Don Luis, 4 116! 6 ... 43 . 4 4 Mj 114 IRutter | 8 12
731 Al. 5 120 ! 4 ... 2 2 2 3 In 2 n IHennessy .... 4 15
254 Flora Hawk. 4 11412 ... 1% 1% 2 3 314 IThorpe \ S 12
BS9 Maxello, 4....J......U91 3 ... 3 2 3 4 4 4 4 2 !H. Martin j «-5 7-5
70S Two Cheers, a. 120! 7 ... 7 2 «2 6 2 HI McXlchols ... 20 71
762 Crawford, a.. 120! 6 ... 6h 7 4 .1 h 6 3 iMacklin 20 7-
-761 Schnltz. a 123 1 ... 5 2 fi % 7 6 710 IHyland ....... 20 75
756 Mclvln Purnham. 4.1191 8 ... 8.8 8 ' 8 . tßoullller 60 200
(765) El Salado, 4 114' • ... ... ... ... ... IPiggott 3 7.5
771 February. 5 1181 « • ... IKerrln ........| 6 13
•Left. ~~'
Time-4S. :24: %. :BSU : %, 1:02%. "Winner. E. F. Smith & Co.'s eh. *. by imp. Mld-
lothian-Alameda. Bad start. Won first three driving.
Al and Flora. Hawk were stopping badly toward the end. Maxello lacks sameness
El Salado could have won.
Scratched— Zorazzo 123, Merry Boy 120, Boclallpt 116. Mldlan 119, Pongo 119, Trappcan 121
Judge Xapton 116. .
77 f^ FIFTH RACE— One mile: selling;
ird; purse, foOQ,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
(609) Survivor, 3 91! 1
(735) Ad. Sprer-kels. 1....1M1 2
<734) Rev del Tierra, 1...10J1 3
67K Morlnel. '4 103! 4
',«m.
3 1
2 n
1 2
4
' Mm.
3I
2n
1 l
4
Vim.
2 n
3 S
1 1
4
%m.
Str.
2 1
3 8
1 Vi
Str.
Fin.
Fin. 1 Jockeys.
1 H 'Devln ..TTT777T
2 h 'H. Martin
310 Rutter
4 LOQUier
2 2
8-5 11-5
2 7-5
20 40
Time— U. :25Vi: V 4. :W4: %. 1:1514: mile. 1:41V4- Winner. P. Dunne's b. c. by Strath-
more-Ella F. Good start. Won very haridily. Second and third driving.
BBTVtVor had considerable to spare at the wire. Adolph Spreckels was not punched
any through the stretch. Morlnel made no showing.
77Q SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and
( (Ui purge. $400.
upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Hm. Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
! Betting,
jop. ci.
(742) Merops, 3 94 2
710 Sardonic, 4 10(5 5
701 Lady Hurst. 6 108 4
(661) Lodestar. 5 109! 1
850 Cromwell. 6 112! 3
(784) Tom Calvert. 4 109! 7
754 Gilhcrto. 4 05 1 6
742) Merops. 3.. ....94 2 34 4 2 31 2 2 14 124 IDevln 6-5 3-2
700 Sardonic, 4 10« 5 2 2 234 2h 14 2 2 21% H. Martin..... 3 n-5
701 Lady Hurst. 6 108 4 61% 5 4 514 4 4 3 1 54 -(Flutter ........ 10 20
1651) Lodestar. 6 109! 1 41 3n 4 4 51 4 4 4 V 'Thorpe 6 1'
650 Cromwell, 6 11213 1 4 124 11 3> J 6 4 5 2 IPiggott 6 5
764) Tom Calvert, 4.... 109] 7 7 7- 7 «ij 5 1 6 2 Hennessy .... 15 20
754 Gilberto. 4 ..95 1 6 51 64 6 2 7 7 7 Gray 50 IUO
Time— l 4, :13V4: %. :384: «4. 1;18%: %, l:30U: mile. 1:43: 14 miles. 1:56. Winner. Miller
& Blazer's eh. c. by Imp. Brutus-Mlrope. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv-
ing. . - ;,': - ■ • - ■
The winner possesses considerable class. Sardonic ran gamely. Lodestar outfooted.
Cromwell was short.
Scratched-Wla* M- /
34 4 2
22 2 %
61% 514
41 3 n
1 '4 1 2'i
7 7
51 6 4
31
2h
5 1%
*%
I 1
7
-I 2
22
1 U
4 %
5 1
3 M
7
1 H
2 2
3 1
4 4
6 4
5 1
7
1 24 IDevln
2 14 tH. Martin
S 4 (Rutter ........
4 4 Thorpe
5 2 IPiggott
6 2 Hennessy
7 Gray
HOW THE RACES
WERE RUN AT
COUGHS TRACK
Three of the Choices
in Front.
CALDWELL IN FORM AGAIN
LEFT EL SAX ADO AT THE
POST.
Tyro the Subject of a Presentation.
The Conditions Suited Him.
Survivor Downed Adolph
Spreckels.
Thfl Corrigan track furnished some
freckled-looking sport to a mild collection
of racegoers at Ingleslde yesterday. As
though the local populace could not get
along without them, a hurdle affair was
placed on the programme. Needless to
remark, it served as the means for Ed
Corrigan to add to his already badly
swollen list of winnings. Seventeen
bookmakers cut in, and there was busi
ness enough for about half that number.
Three favorites strutted past the wire in
front.
About the grandest piece of barrier
work Mr. Caldwell has performed in some
time he reserved for reopening day. In
the five-furlong dash, fourth on the card.
Corrigan started Maxello and It was to
have oeen the "great big thing" of the
afternoon. The Maxim horse closed
equal favorite with El Salado. The lat
ter, with Piggott up. coijld have won
hands down, but unfortunately in his de
sire to get Maxello away, Caldwell left
El SaUdo at the post. If ever anything
looked deliberate, this did. Piggott was
ordered to take his mount back, and
while facing the reverse way, was left, to
gether with February, another dangerous
one. As it turned out, Maxello was not
among the first three. Don Luis, a 20 to 1
shot, led Al out over a length. To make
the play forcible. Piggott was suspended
by the starter for the balance of the
week.
The capture of the mile and a quarter
hurdle race was a ridiculous piece of
work made more absurd by its crudity.
Tyro, the Corrigan entry, was allowed to
win by himself. The gelding might havo
been pounds the best, but others took no
chances.
A field of ten two-year-olds lined up in
the opening three and a half furlong
scramble. At post time W. L. Stantield"s
Apache filly, Kitty Kelly, had a slight
call in the betting, and though she made
a handsome showing, was beaten out a
head by Morbid, the entry of Walter Jen
nings, ridden by Spencer. The winner
opened a 2 to 1 favorite, receding later to
7to 2. Montebank finished in the show.
Garnet Ferguson's recent purchase.
Dare 11. closed favorite for the mile ami
a sixteenth, but took no part of the
money. Eddie Jone* hustled old Tom
Cromwell out the first part, killing the
favorite off. In the run home Cromwell
had it all his own way, winning easily
KICKED TO DEATH
A CHINESE GIRL
ACftINAMAN giving the name of
Loui Lung was arrested yesterday
afternoon by" Detectives Gibson.
Wren and BCcMahon on suspicion of
being the highbinder who murdered the
slave girl. Quey Yong, two weeks ago.
Investigation last night proved that the
man under arrest was not the guilty one
! and to-day the detectives, who acknowl
i edge their trror, will have the prisoner
! released.
The man who murdered the girl is Loui
i Leong, and he has been in hiding ever
' since he learned that the girl's injuries
\ would prove fatal. After her death he
i attempted to compromise with the girl's
! owner, another highbinder, but the price
i offered was not half tW Rirl'a cost, which
i was $1500, and the owTer, disgusted at
from Gotobed. The winner was 5 to 1 in
1 Thermite selling run went to Pat
Dunne's useful performer Survivor,.sec
ond choice in the betting. The Comgan
entry, Adolph Bpreckete, was backed down
to 9 to 10 favoritism. After Rey del
Tierra had played himself out, setting a
merry pace for his neld, Devin moved up
with Survivor, winning easily in 1:41 ] 4.
Martin, astride Spreckels, made a move
the last few yards, securing the place.
In the concluding mile and a furlong run
Merops, the favorite, galloped in an easy
winuer over Sardonic.
To-Day ? s Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon s
running events:
First Race— One mile; three-year-olds; sell-
In
TOO Wine 100 I 766 Espionage 107
754 Racivan 103 I 673 Milt Young 105
647 Saintly 105 I
Second Race— and a half furlongs; two
year-olds.
(770) Golden Rule 115 i ... Florentla 105
530 Matt Hogan 103 1 ... Orthla 105
763 Ella De Poy 103 (752) Innovator 110
758 Yellow Tail 113 ... Gold Finder 10S
... Gusto 108 ... Honor Bright. ..llo
... Aileen B 105 :
Third Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
756 Merry Boy 120 I 595 Lavator IP6
■m Sokombeo 117 ! 702 rim 109
762 Los Troncos 120 , 745 Glengaber 109
641 Winifred 104 j(732)Watossa 106
Til Cleodora 104 I 720 Purniah 10b
Fourth Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward.
761 Ixrnio 110 777 Schnitz ".:..113
572 Zorazzo 123 7KS Midas 123
656 Aluminum 108 768 Stan Powers.... llß
656 Zarro 110
Fifth Rare— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
496 Greyhurst 105 718 Imperious 102
767 Zamar 105 640 Benamela 105
771 Meadow Lark. ..105 680 Einstein 102
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap.
I Connell 133 <773)Midlight 100
760 Satsumn 114 (759)G00d H0pe....... SO
659 Mary Black 112 ; 739 TartVny Hall 11.102
719 Gualala 105 I 675 Orion 39
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Espionage, Milt Young, Saintly.
Second Race— Golden Rule, Yellow Tail, Flor
entla.
Third Lavator. Winifred, Dim.
Fourth Race— Aluminum. Midas, Zarro.
Fifth Race— lmperious, Zamar. Benamela.
Sixth Race— Mary BUCK Gualala, O'Connell.
New Orleans Winners.
NEW ORLEANS. March C— Weather
fine; track fant. Results:
First race, selling, six furlonp. Debride
won. John Bonne second, lorn Poher
third. Time. 1:15&
Second race, selling, seven furlong-?.
Pave S won. General Maceo second.
Laureate third. Time. I:M%.
Third race, selling, one milo and a quar
ter Donation won. Arlantus second,
Gomez third. Time. 2:11>4-
Fourth rae<\ handican, one and one
eighth miles. Baratana won. Colonel
Frank Waters second. Juilrp Steartman
third. Time. 1:56. „ ,
Fifth race, seven furlones, John Baker
won. Pontet Canet second. Prince Zeno
third. Time, 1:8*.
Sixth race, selling:, six furlongs. Sister
Fox won. Colonel Eads second. Brown
Vail third. Time. l:lftt.
PISTOLESI ABBESTED.
Charged With Disturbing the Peace
of Bacon Place.
Attorney L- C. Pistolesi and his clerk.
Fred Wickenfausen. appeared before act
ing Police Judge Barry yesterday to an-
Bwer a charge of disturbing the peace.
They were arrested by Policeman Allen
on Bacon place Sunday night.
Pistolesi and his clerk went to the cribs
of two womcij with the purpose of dis
possessing them, as the landlord had ob
tained a writ of replevin. The women
refused to move, and the disturbance at
tracted a crowd. Pistolesi insisted upon
Our Naval Station at San Juan.
The new United States naval station to be
located at San Juan, Porto Rico, «-i!l be of
the utmost Importance to this country as the
key to the situation when the Nicaragua Canal
is constructed. The key to good.health it- Hos
tetter'a Stomach Bitters. It guards the diges
tive organs from attacks of indigestion, bil
iousness and constipation. Just the same as the
new naval station at San Juan will ward off
attacks upon this country b£ foreign foes.
the parsimony of the murderer and desir-
Ing revenge, informed the police as to the \
supposed hiding place of the fugitive, j
Loui Lung was found in the place pointed
out and was arrested. The detectives j
were working on the case last night and J
hope to have the right man within a few
days.
Wong Toy and wife, who live on the
lower floor of the house where the girl
died, witnessed the assault made upon
her. The girl occupied a room upstairs.
On the day of the murder they heard the ,
girl screaming and they ran upstairs to
her rescue. When they got to the door j
of the slave girl's room they saw Leong
strike her in the stomach. It is said
that Leong killed the girl because she re- i
fused tv give him money.
his rights as attorney for the landlord,
but the policeman declined to recognize
his contention and placed him and his
clerk under arrest. The testimony was
so tangled up yesterday that the Judge
continued the case until to-morrow to give
his brain a rest.
In the Divorce Courts.
Josephine Winthrop was granted a di
vorce yesterday from her husband, the
notorious O. W. AVinthrop. who was sen
tenced to life imprisonment for kidnaping
Millionaire Campbell of Honolulu. The
divorce was granted on the ground that
Winthrop had been convicted of a felony.
Mary Clark secured a divorce from Hiram
A. Clark on the ground of willful neglect.
Suits for divorce on the ground of deser
tion have been filed by Philip J. Bailey
against Flora F. Bailey and Katherine
T. Benjamin against Arthur T. Benjamin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Good
Reputation
I and extended use of
Brown's Bronchial
Troches, for Coughs
I and Throat Troubles,
has caused them to
be extensively imi-
tated.
The title "Bronchial Troche?
was established as a trademark
by John I. Brown & Son, in 1856.
Making or selling lozenges
under the name of "Bronchial
Troches" is a violation of this
trademark, which has been sus-
tained by the courts in numer-
ous cases.
Dealers are cautioned against
selling infringements on
Brown's Bronchial Troches,
which are sold only in boxes
(25c, 50c., and $1.00 with the
fac-simile j&f / /? -/
signature of <^»» «9 /&e*u»*4&><'
j on outside wrapper of box.
Ask Your gygAySSa
Druggist W^f^m
for a generous |Vf^ ■ -W/jr Hr" 1 !
TRIAL SIZE. OM^tfJiel*^
Ely's Cream Balm \SLL^S *^^
CATARRH. Wr^o^Q
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is aßsdrbed. Relief is
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c, by mail.
ELY BROTHEHS, to "Warren St., New York.
p£§p HALL'S REIN YIGORAI O2
BSgL"XO«VI Five hundred rewird tor any cut
Bnß HW we cannot cure. This s :rr. remedy
H ■ stops all losses in 24 hours, cure*
jfcrj| SHI Emissions, Impotency, Varicocela.
rrrl ">TTi'\ Conorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures.
*iILJ lit! Lolst Manhood and all wasting ef.
jm& nEi (ectsof self -abuse or excesses. Seat
•C&T^3P sealed, (2 bottle: 3 bottles, guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTirUTS. *6£ Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Alia
for sal* at 1073 V, Market at.. 8. F. All pri-
rat* diseases culclrli cured. Bend for tr— book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful aphrodisiac and speclUc tonlo
tor th« sexual I and urinary organs of both
fexes,' and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merita; no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NABEH. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
OX Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ■_•;.__
JHCARTEKS'
JpsSl^vOySQl HB^HSI ■ warn ■(■ M M
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
"Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
fflbnto SPECIAL!
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO. ANNOUNCE for
FRIDAY and Mo rr h 10 and 11
SATURDAY, mX " 1W aDtl *
Return Engagement of
SOUSA H
And His Band.
THREE SPECIAL PROGRAMMES.
I FRIDAY EVENING WAGNER
SATURDAY MATINEE BALL ROOM
SATURDAY EVENING SOUS A
All the soloists. Reserved seat sale now groin*
on. Box Office. California Theater. ■
COLUMBIA
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
AND THE
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL CO.
IN
FANNY DAVENPORT'S PRODUCTION
Of Sardou's. Great Pla»
LATOSCA
| Coming— The Famous Original BOSTONIANS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
Offenbach's Mythological Work,
LA BELLE HELENE!
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
BROUGHT UP TO DATE.
Next— Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera, "THEJ
PRETTY POACHER."
MATINEE SATURDAY, at 2 P. M.
Popular Prices.. '. 25c and 800
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee 25c
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Under the Management of Holden. Mac Donald
and Kilgo. .
EVERY EVENING
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
— AND—
OUR NEW EASTERN STOCK COMPANY.
Received last night with the utmost enthu-
siasm by a crowded house.
Prices of admission 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
The Only Fun in Town.
Every Night This Week
LONDON'S LATEST FARCE HIT.
A MAN
WITH
A PAST !
PRICES ■ - - - ■ ■ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next-"A SOCIAL HIGHWAYMAN."
If GREAT NEW CARDS. ALL HITS— II
Imported Direct From Europe.
THE TWINS MARCO,
Famous Eccentrique Comiques.
OLA HAYDEN, Phenomenal Girl Barytone.
3 FORTUNIS BROS., Comedy Acrobats.
KEVINS' ACROBATIC MONKEYS AND
CLOWN BABOONS.
HAYDEN AND HETHERTON, Comedy
Sketch Artists.
Last Week of CORA TANNER AND LOIjIS
MASSEN, In "My Husband's Model."
THE HULINES AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the AT*-
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK STMPHOHT ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
The sale of single seats for the first six per-
formances now progressing at the box office of
the Grand Opera House. Prices of reserved
seats, $5, $4. . $3, $2, according to location.
Repertoire, Oral week March 13. "•Faust,"
Melba; March 14. "Aida." debut of Gadski;
March 15, "La Boheme." with Melba and debut
of De Lu«san: March 16. double bill. "Caval-
leria Rustirana" and "I Pagliacci," Gadski and
debut of Chalia; March 17. "Carmen." De Lus-
san and Gadski; March IS. matinee, "Barber of
Seville." Melba. -r--;y^:?
CONCEPTS AND fiESOBTS.
STEEPLECHASE
CENTRAL PARS, Eighth and Market.
THOUSANDS DAILY RIDE THE "GRAVITY
HORSES."
Extra Attractions To-day, as fellows: Royal
and Imperial Japanese Troupe of Acrobats,
High Divers and Swimmers; Pigeon "Fuse
Shooting" Gallery. Direct From France; Vos-
rner. the Aeronaut, in Thrilling Mid-air Per-
formances. Open Dally from 1 p. m. to 11 it. m.
Admission. Including "Horses," Only We.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Stiver weaker.
Wheat futures lower.
Barley unsettled.
Oats very firm.
Corn unchanged. Rye lower.
Hay excessively dull.
Bran scarce and firm.
Lima Beans very stiff.
Potatoes rising and Onions declining.
General decline in Vegetables. m
Butter weak nnd Eggs easy.
Liberal receipts of Eastern Poultry.
Game dull and weak.
Apples advanced again.
Oranges quiet.
Provisions unchanged.
Mutton. Lamb and Veal lower.
Beef and Hogs unchanged.
Increased movement in Quicksilver.
EARLY CROPS DAMAGED.
KFFECT OF THE RECENT COLD SPELL ON
THE MARKET.
The New York Commercial says:
"The effects of the cold wave upon all de
scriptions of early Southern produce are be
coming felt more and more every day. They
are chiefly noticeable In the continued scarcity
and bad condition in which a great part or j
the vegetables reach the distributors here.
•There has been a scarcity of early peas,
eggplants cabbage, tomatoes and strawberries,
nor do the later reports of the damage done in
the more northerly section of the South indi
cate that these conditions will improve. Grow
ing crops that had not reached maturity before
the cold wave struck them have been ruined
either completely or partially. special bulletin
■•In Georgia, according to a special bulletin
compiled from reports of several hundred cor
respondents scattered throughout the State the
damage will amount to millions of dollars
Peaches in the lower counties were heavily
damaged and other fruits suffered conspicuous
>: 'In South Carolina and North Carolina the
damage to immature vegetables was very se
vere and produce dealers here believe that
most crops will be very short and that prices
will rule higher on early produce than has been
the cape for several years."
FRUIT AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
Callfornlan fruits are moving off briskly at
firm rates, says the London Grocers' Gazette,
and supplies on the spot will be augmented by
4>> C6O cases which have -arrived by fhe Pampa
this week. Practically the whole of these
fruits have been -old to arrive. The Marie
Hackfeld. which is advised as having arrived
at Liverpool, brings 82.461 cases. There has
been rather more activity in the salmon mar- ■
ket this week and Alaska Salmon has In some
cases-been held for an advance of 6d per case.
The Pampa has arrived with 15,192 cases of
Salmon from San Francisco, and the Marie
Hackfeld is advised as having arrived at_Llv
erpool with 89,921 cases, also from San Fran
cisco.
QUICKSILVER MOVEMENT.
The receipts of Quicksilver at this port dur
ing the first two months of the year were 4397
flasks against 3*77 during the same period in
tw [•he exports by sea were 3089 flasks, val
ued at 8120.109. against 751 flasks at $27,024 in
1898.
WEATHER REPORT.
—
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 6. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to i
date as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
* rUrS: Last This Last
Stations— 24 "Hours. Season. Season. '
Vi-r-pka 0 00 23.60 26.74 !
led Biufr:.:::::::::::: U 13.26 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 7.?3 8.66
Pan Francisco 0.00 S.OO I.BZ
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.4 a
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 7.20 6.15 |
2.92 4.30
Ban Diego 0.00 3.71 3. 1S ,
0 - 1-34 1.-3
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
74. minimum, 52; mean. 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington. Ore
gon, the Rocky Mountain region and along the
allfornla; elsewhere o n
the Pacific Slope it is generally clear. Light
rain ha> fallen over Northwest Washington.
Light rain will probably extend southward as
i ape Mendocino Tuesday.
The pressure has fallen decidedly over the
entire region west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature remains abnormally high
in all districts. In California It ranges from
6 to 23 degreees above the normal. It reached
it Los Angeles to-day.
: favorable for partly cloudy
weather in California Tuesday, probably with
iwers along the northwest coast.
ist ma.le at San Francisco for thirty
g midnight, March 7:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday,
|y with showers in extreme northwest
fresh southerly wind.
S.uthem California- Fair Tuesday; freeh west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Tuesday; somewhat cooler; fresh southerly |
O. H. WTLLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 6.— Prices dropped
steadily to-day on somewhat restricted deal
ings, each rally affording the bears another
level from -which to attack prices. With some
exceptions leading chares opened below Sat
urday's close. London sold some 12.000 shares
on balance and arbitrage houses made pur
chases In London before our opening and Bold
here. Speculation was purely professional and
much was made of the firmness of money,
which at one time touched ZVi per cent for call
loans, at which price it closed. The "best au
thorities" were quoted as turning the money
flurry as only a flash in the pan. The Im
provement in the demand for money In the
dry goods and other lines of trade, together :
with the preparations to finance the Central
Pacific settlement with the Government, the
Chicago and Alton deal and some Industrial
combinations, were responsible for . the im
proved tone. It was argued that a sustained
advance from current rate 3 would be fol
lowed by gold imports, but It was pointed out
that many Interior banks have supplies of
money above their previous records. Of the
g-old on the way from the Pacific Coast, which
failed to arrive in time to figure in the bank
statement, a round amount arrived to-day.
The anthracite coal shares, which were strong
in the early dealings, eased off sympathetical
ly with the general market except for Dela
ware, Lackawanna and Western, which in the •
final dealings ran up over 8 points to 162^.
Chicago, Indianapolis and Louisville preferred
was very Strong, going up over 5 points on
rumors that the ("mine dividend micht be
larger than had been expected. General Elec
tric was strong also In the early part of the
day going up 3Va to 120, part of which it sub
sequently lost. It was said that the com
pany had secured some new contracts and
that the earnings were improving. Sugar was
rather steady most of the day on the advance
in the refined article, but fell off in the late
dealings. Some realizing appeared in Amer
ican Tobacco, which broke some 5 points after
an initial rise. The grangers were Inclined to
heaviness, with Burlington making a net loss
of 2%. Most stocks showed considerable looses
and the close was weak. To-day's bond trad
ire was at the expense of values, many of
the active issues giving way smartly. Total
pales. $3,130,000. '■■ '
United States old 4e registered declined % In
the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were a 83,400
shares Including the following:
Atchlson. 6400; Atchison preferred, 46,415;
Central Pacific. 7750; Burlington, 45,746; Denver
and llio Grande, 8345; Manhattan, 3955; Metro
politan, 3285; Reading first preferred, 34.125:
Missouri Pacific, 75.-.0; Missouri, Kansas and
Texas preferred. 3250; Chicago, Indianapolis
and Louisville preferred, 10.749; Northern Pa
cific 11.400; Northern Pacific preferred, 3416;
Reading 71,560; Rock Island, 14,000. Union Pa
cific 14,135; Union Pacific preferred, 7735; St.
Paul 23 290; Southern Pacific, 9000; Texas and
Pacific 4125: Tobacco, 19,640; Bay State Gas,
4751- Federal Steel, 23.250; Federal Steel pre
ferred 7993; People's Gas. 4950; General Elec
tric 6630; Brooklyn Transit, 14,000; Pacific Mail,
6129*: Sugar. 51. 335: United States Rubber, 3145;
Western Union. 33",0.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 2H4'St Louis & 5T.... 11V4
1.,, prefd «».4 Do prefd 70 4
Baltimore & Ohio. 68 i Do 2d prefd 87H
Canada Pacific... S9V4 St Paul 12*5,
Canada Southern.. 56% Do prefd 169
Cent Far 4", !St P & Om 914 i
Ches & Ohio 26<£i Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 173 So Pacific 33
CM H & Q 137H.30 Railway 124
Chi <£ E 111 66 V Do prefd 47%
Do prefd 120 Texas & Pacific 23
Chi G W 15,4 Union Pacific 45&
Chi In<i & L Ml! Do prefd 75%
Do prefd 48'4!U P D & G 12
Chi & N W 147 V.'abash *•■;
Do prefd 192 Do prefd 21%
C i; C & St I;.. •• "'« Wheel & L E 11
Do prefd 96Vi Do prefd 32
Del & Hudson llli Express Companies-
D.-I L Jk W 162% Adams Ex 112
Den & Rio <} 21Vi American Ex. 140
Do prefd 72>j United States 55
Erie (new) 14 Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd.: 38 \ i Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 178 X Cot Oil 53%
Gt Northern prefd. I Do prefd 91»i
Hocking Va! S%JAm Spirits 13',;
Illinois Cent HIV Do prefd 37
Lake Erie & W.... 19Vi Am Tobacco 193^
Do prefd 65 Do prefd..: 149
.Lake Shore 200 Cons Gas 213
Louis & Nash 63% Com Cable Co ISO
Manhattan L 110 Col F & Iron 324
Met St Ry 235 1 Do prefd :.... 94
**»eh Cent 113 Gen Electric US#
Minn & St L 52%iHaw Com Co. -4
Do Ist p.-efd 99 Brooklyn R T 90-.4
Mo Pacific 44% Intl Paper 67
Mobile & Ohio 37 Do prefd Si
Mo K& T 18 Laclede Gas 51%
Do prefd 88 Lead 33%
N J Central 109%; Do prefd... 112%
N V Central 131% Federal Steel 50%
N V Chi &St L... 14 ; » Do prefd 87%
Do Ist prefd 65 Nat Lin OH. 5
DO 2d prefd 34 Pacific Mail 40%
Nor West 18 People's Gas 11l
No Amer Co 9 Pullman Pal 157
No Pacific 61% Silver Certificates. 68%
Do prefd 7814 Standard It & T... 9%
Ontario & W 269B|Sugar 137%
Or R & Nay 40 i Do prefd Ho
Or Short Line 42% C & 1r0n.... 44%
pa. C Ist prefd.... 58 U S Leather 6%
Do 2d prefd 63 j Do prefd 8914
Pittsburg ISO U S Rubber 48
Reading 23% Do prefd 115%
Do Ist prefd 63%! Western Union — 93%
R G W 36% Or Nay prefd 70 .
Rock Island 115% Pac Coast 48
Do prefd 76 i Colo Southern 6»i
St Louis & S W... S% Do Ist prefd 53 ! i
Do prefd 26% Do Id prefd...... 20%
CLOSING BONDS.
L T S 3s 107%>N V Central lsts..H4%
U S new 4s reg....lL'B%|N J C 5s 11l
Do coup.... 128% N Carolina 6s 130
U S 4s 111^ ! Do 4s l'l
Do coup 113%! No Pac Ists 115
Do 2ds 99% i Do 3s 68%
I" S 56 reg 112' ii Do 4s .' 102%
Do Es coup 112%:N V C & St L 45... 107%
District 3.65s 117 Nor &W 6s 130%
Ala class A 112% ! Northwestern con. 143
Do B 107 1 Do deb 58 122
Do C 100 O Nay Ists 11l
Do Currency 100 O Nay is 101&
Atchison 4s 101% O S Line 6s tr 125%
Do adj 4s £2% O S Line os tr 11l
Can So 2ds 109 Reading 4s 84
C & O 4%s 92% R (1 W Ists 94%
Chi Term 4s M St L& I M con 55. 111%
C & Ohio 5s 118 St L& S F gen 65.122
C H & D 4%s 104% St P Con 165
D & R G lsts 108% St P C & P 15t5. ..120
D & R O 4s 100 ! Do 55..... 120%
East Term Ists 1"41 4 So Ry 5s 105% \
Erie Gen 4s 72% Stand R & T 65... 87%
F W & D Ists tr.. 84% Term new set 35... 97%
Gen Elec 5a 114%. Tex Pac L G 15t5. .113
G H & S A 6s 109 I Do Rg 2ds 62%
Do 2ds 110 I Union Pac 4s 104%
H & T C os 112 JU P D & G lsts... 90
Do con 6s 111% Wabash Ist 5s 114%
lowa C Ists 107 ! Do 2ds 93
La new con 4s 109% W Shore 4s 112%
L & N T'ni 4s 974 Va Centuries 83%
Mo Pac con 6s 115Xj Do deferred 6
M X & T 2ds 67 ,Wis Cent lsts 68%
Do 4s 98% Colo Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS. ' I
Chollar S'> or.arr .• 5 5
; Crown Point 20 >p"mr , 1 '■<>
1 Con ''a! & V 1 70 Plymouth 10
i Dead wood SO Quicksilver 175
Gould & Curry (0 Do prefd 600
Hale * Norcroes.. 37 Sierra Nevada 125
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Sliver 70 Union Con 55
Mt\lca i 70 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westingh Elec 49%
Call loans 3-g4 Do prefd 63%
Time loans 3@4'Atch prefd 60%
Stocks — I Bonds—
Atch Top & St F. 21% Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 137%jW1s Cent Is 68
Do prefd 114% Mining: Shares-
Bay State Gas.... 2 Allouez Mm C 0.... 11 *i
Bell Tel 341 'Atlantic 38
Boston & Albany. .24s Boston & M0nt... .3*55
Boston & Maine. ..l7o Butte A- 805t0n.... 90
Boston L 86% Calumet & Hec1a..763
Chi Bur & Q 137 - Centennial 5%
Fitchburg 114 Franklin 25
- Gen Electric 117% Old Dominion 89%
Federal Steel 5"% Osceola 90
Do prefd 87% Quinsy I*s
Mexican Central... 6 JTamarack 230
: Old Colony 201 'Wolverine 48
Rubber 4S IParrott 43
Union Pac 45% Humboldt 2%
West End 94 Union I^tnd 8%
Do prefd 112 Adventure 15
; Wis Cent 2 Winona 19%
THE MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 6 —Money on call, firmer.
S®3% per cent: last loan, 3.
Prime mercantile paper, 3@3% per cent.
Sterling exchansre easier, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 85%®4 85% for de
mand and at S4 BS%<g l 4 83% for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 84%<54 85, and $4 56%<34 37 ;
commercial bills. $4 83%.
Silver certificates nominally 59%@60%c. i
Bar silver. 59% c.
Mexican dollars. 47% c.
Government bonds, easier; State bonds.
steady; railroad bonds weak.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were inactive and dull on
the eve of the settlement beginning to-morrow.
Americans opened firm above parity, to the
surprise of many onlookers, but gradually
j weakened. There was a small rally on New
! York buying of coalers, assisted by a private
cable dispatch to the effect that the anthracite
coal deal was arranged, but later New York
sold freely, causing a very flat close.
London fears money troubles over some of
I the recently established trusts, but has no
| commitment, long or short.
Spanish 4s touched 66%. and closed 55%.
Copper was a pound down. The shares are
heavy. Tintos were 3*4, and closed 3v,»- Utahs
and Bostons were practically unsalable at 7%@
28, respectively.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March Canadian Pacific. 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 81%: Union Pacific
preferred. 81%: Grand Trunk. 9: bar silver,
quiet, 27% d per ounce; money, I@l% per cent.
SANTIAGO EXCHANGE RATES.
, SANTIAGO DE CHILE (via Galveston, Tex.).
March 6.— The exchange rates on London are;
Paper, 13% d, and gold, lSd.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 6.— Receipts,
21.320 barrels; exports. 17,660. Market more ac
tive for low grade winters.
WHEAT— 179,200 bushels; exports,
96.200. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 83% c, f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened weak and de
clined under bearish tendency of weekly for
eign statistics. Traders oversold, however, and
in the afternoon when confronted by excessive
rain hastened to cover with an attendant sharp
rally; closed steady at unchanged prices to %c
net decline. March closed S2%c; May, 76 3-18'g;
76% c;, closed 76% c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— week starts with the market
showing weakness in several departments and
with demand for iron urgent throughout. Tin
in particular was irregular and lower under
increased offerings and an unwillingness of
buyers to proceed. The cable news and Infor
mation from the West was of disappointing
average to local holders. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, at $9 75 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
$17 CO bid and *17 75 asked.
TlN— Easier, at $23 62%.
LEAD— Easy, with $4 20 hid and $4 25 asked.
SPELTER— Easy, with $6 25 bid and $6 35
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 10, and for
copper $1?. .
COFFEE- Spot— Rio barely steady; No. 7 in
voice. 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova, <--3i4c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and firm. Fair refin-
I ing, 3%c; centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c; molasses
sugar. 3 11-16 c: refined, firm, higher.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6400 packages. Western
creamery, 15%(g20c; Elgins, 20c ; factory. 12®
14H.C.
EGGS— Receipts. 3600 packages. Western, 24c;
i Southern. 22% c.
COTTON— Steady: middling, 6 9-16 c.
NEW ORLEANS, March 6. — COTTON—
! Steady; middling, 6%c. j
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 6. — California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@BV4c;
1 prime wire tray. E%@9c; choice, 9',i@9%c; fancy,
9%®10c
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— Royal. 12@14c: Moorpark, 13®17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25®2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March -Wheat speculators at
the start were presented with a lot of statis
tics that caused many who were inclined tot
■■ buy for a rise to take a different view of
' the market probabilities. May opened %©'.4 c
lower at 72%@72%c and under free liquidation
'■ and selling for the short account declined to
71%@71%c during the first couple of hours'
trading. • Domestic receipts for the day were
; considerably heavier than they were a week
: ago, and very much in excess of the corre
; sponding day of last year. The quantity on
ocean passage showed an Increase of 40,000
bushels. Damage to the wheat in Argentina
I by incessant rains was reported understood to
be wheat unmarketed and still exposed in the
fields, because of there being no barns in that
country. For an hour or more after that had
been generally known here, the market was
not influenced, but when forty minutes from I
j the close a recovery in price commenced, it
was ascribed to the reported damage to Ar
: gentine wheat: The strength did not last long.
I however. May wound up at 72V*c, a decline of
%c.
The news and statistics were generally bear
' it-h in corn and the market ruled heavy with
■ a decided undercurrent of weakness. Much
j long property was disposed of early. May lost
■ %c. . .'
. Oats were weak in sympathy with other mar
kets, closing V*<s%c lower.
Scattered liquidation by outsiders on ac-
J count of the weakness In grain oppressed pro
TIIE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7. 1899.
visions. Pork closed 7%c lower, lard a shade
higher and ; ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72% 72% 71%. 72
July 70% 71% 70% 70%
Corn No. 2 —
May 3«% 36% 35% 35%
July 36% 36% 36 38
September 37% '37% 36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
May 28 28 27% 27%
July 26 26 25%, 2a%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 935 935 9 22% 920
July 9 50 960 9 40 9 42%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May.... 5 37% 637% 5 32% 5 37%
July 5 47% 550 645 550
September 5 67% 5 62% 5 57% 5 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 77% 4 77% 4 72% 475
July 4 87% 4 87% 4 82% 4 87%
September 4 97% _} 00 495 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy and quiet: No. 2 spring wheat,
67@70%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 64@6Sc; No. 2
red, 72%@73c; No. 2 corn. 35c: No. 2* oats. 27' i
ff?27Vic; No 2 white, 30@30%c; No. 3 white. 29%
@30e; No. 2 rye, 65% c: No. 2 barley, 42@51c;
No. 1 flaxseed.*sl 15@1 15%: .prime timothy seed,
$2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $9 1039 15; lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 22%i§5 25; short rib sides,
loose, $4 50®4 70: dry salted shoulders,
boxed 4%<f4%c; short clear Bides, boxed, $4 80
<34 r<fi; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 26. _
'Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 10.000
Wheat, bushels 56,000 3252
Corn, bushels 4(W,000 230.000
Oats, bushels 324,000 230,000
Rye, bushels 8.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 37,000 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 1 4 <i?19%c: dair
ies. 11%©17e. Eggs, firm; fresh. 19@20c. Cheese,
steady; creams unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 459.900 15.400
Duiuth 175,031 -I-;
Milwaukee 80.009 ■ 2,100
Chicago .250 15,181
To.edn 17.200 M.MO
St. LoUiS 20,000 41.000
petroit 2.421 1.186
Kansas City HI. WO 24.000
Totals 931.802 119,067
Tidewater— iwii jm«
Boston 18.922 W.MS
New York 179.200 9fi.920
Philadelphia 5,853 2.502
Baltimore 2,555 18,000
Galveston
New Orleans >.
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
.Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 ST» 5 7% 6 6%
Closing 5 7% 5 7% 5 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour- March. May.
Opening 43 65 44 2 ?
Closing /....43 70 44 25
Wheat —
Opening 20 95 2125
Closing 20 90 2115
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March .— CATTLE— Were strong
owing to limited receipts, good fat beeves go
ing 10c higher than Saturday. Fancy cattle,
$5 70@5 90: choice steers. $5 301?5 65: Medium
steers, 54 65(g>4 95; beef steers. $3 85@4 60; bulls.
$2 60S? 4 20; cows and heifers, $3 30@4; Western
fed steers, i* 36<®5 60; Texas steers, $3»50@4 90;
calves, $3 sC©fl 85.
HOGS— Ruled 2%<i?sc higher. Fair to choice,
$3 72%@3 87%; heavy packing lots, 53 5S<?3 70:
mixed. $3 85®3 75; butchers', $3 60@3 82%;
lights. %3 66©3 75; pigs. S3 So@3 60.
SHEEP Were stronger. The best lambs sold
at to, an advance of .v. Common to choice
sheep. $2 50® ; 60: yearlings. 54 3904 65.
Receipts— 13,000; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
000.
DENVER.
DENVER, March 6.— CATTLE - 200.
Market firm. Beef steer*. $3 50®5; cows. $3 25
©4; feeders, $3 2S@4 60; stockers and feeders,
$4®4 80; bulls and stags. J2®3.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market 5c lower. Light
packers. S3 5003 66; mixed, $3 02%'a3 57%;
heavy. $3 50@3 60.
No sheep.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 6.— Consols. 110 11-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, 1061 15c; wheat cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet,
less disposition to buy; cargoes Walla Walla,
29; English country markets, steady; import
into United Kingdom, wheat, 190,000 bushels;
flour. 207,000 bushels; Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom. 19,000 bushels; to Conti
nent. lfi.ooo bushels.
LIVERPOOL. March 6.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Pans, steady; flour in Paris, steady;
French country markets, steady.
COTTON— 3 15-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot steady: futures closed steady;
March, 5s 7d ; May. 5s 5%d; July, 6s B d.
CORN -Spot American mixed new steady. 3s
6Ud; futures quiet; March, 3s 5%d; May,' 3s sd;
July. 38 5%d.
Imports of wheat into Liverpool for the week;
From Atlantic ports. 47.500 quarters; from Pa
cific ports, 13,000 quarters; other ports, 16,000
quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March 6.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, March 4. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
':'. .- Inc. Dec.
Wheat bushels 29.477,000 ■■■■■■•■ "3.000
Corn, bushels 33,320,000 1. 115.000
Oats bushels 10,023.000 645,000
Rye. bushels 1.543.000 38.000 ..^
Barley, bushels 2,683.000 111.000
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $269,393,309; gold re
serve, $235,034,433. '
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March Clearances, $413,
--214; balances, $36,684.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 6.— The local wheat
market shows but little change aside from a
decided weakening in freights, which, of
course, enables exporters to advance their
limits. Walla Walla found buyers to-day at
69@60c, and perhaps a shade better with valley
In "less demand at 61@62c, and blue stem at (We.
Cleared— French bark Grand Duchesse Olga.
with 103.750 bushels of wheat; British bark
Norm*, with 128,517. bushels of wheat, both for
Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March WHEAT— CIub, BS%o;
blue stem, 61%@62%.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87>4
Sterling Cables — . 488
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47%®4S
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The feeling was easy and futures
declined a fraction. The spot market showed
no change.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 12%@1 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session 9:ls o'clock— December —
4000 ctls, $1 21; 2000. $120%; 4000, $120%; 6000
$1 20%. May— l4.ooo, $1 18.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 17%; 4000
$1 17%.
Regular Morning Session— December— l6,ooo
ctls, 51 20%. May— 2ooo. $1 17%.
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 17%; 20
--000, $1 17%; 14,000, $1 17%. December— 22,ooo
$1 20%; 2000, $1 20%; 12,000, $1 20%.
BARLEY— Dealers were disposed to ask high
er prices on account of the prolonged dry
weather, but buyers declined to pay them.
Futures were unsettled and moved up and
down considerably.
Feed, $1 25@1 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — Seller "99,
new— 4ol.lo ctls, $1 05%; 2000, $1 05%; 10,000, {106;
5000, $1 04%;- 4000. $1 04%.
Second Session— Seller '99, — 4000 ctls
$1 04%; 2000. $1 06%; 2000, $1 05%; 6000, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls, $1 05%; 12.000. $1 05%; 8000, $1 06; 2000,
$1 05%.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, — 22,000 ctls,
$1 05; 2000, $1 05%; 18.000, $1 05%; 8000. »1 04%;
May— 2ooo. $1 20%.
OATS— Dealers expect a better movement aft
er the tax assessment day Is over, but at pres
ent the market is dull, though prices are stiflly
held. •
Fancy Feed. $1 37%@1 40 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 35@1 37%: common, $1 32%; Surprise,
$1 45@1 50; Gray, $1 32%©1 35; Milling, $1 37%
per ctl: Red, nominal; Black, nominal.
CORN— The demand continues light, though
offerings are not large.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large
Yellow, $1 10@l 12%; White. $1 10; mixed, $1 07%
4,1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 12%.
RYE— Is lower and dull at $1 10@l 12% per ctl.
WHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 85@3 90; Oregon and Washington.
$3@3 65 per bbj.
MIL.L6TUFFS . — Prices in sacks art as fol>.
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour $4-54 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
; Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY. AND FEEDSTUFFB.
Bran is very scarce and firm, owing to the
country demand for feed. Middlings are plen
tiful, but steady.
Hay continues to arrive "freely and the mar
ket is dull, the prolonged dry weather appar
ently cutting no figure.
BRAN— S2O<S2O 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2I'§ 22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26if 27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, J24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50@20.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $15@16 50 for
good to choice and $13®14 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $13@lt>;
Oat. $12<5?14; Island Barley, $12013; Alfalfa, $11
@11 50; Stock. $9*510; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13<@14; Cheat,
$U@ll 50: Grass Hay. $10010 50; Oat. $12@13 50;
Clover. $10@n; Timothy. $10 50@12 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@6S per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Limns are scarce and firm and generally in
the hands of growers. The other Beans are
firm but quiet. '.^ :'
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75<f?l S5; Small Whites,
$2 10^2 20: Large White?. $1 8001 90; Pinks,
$1 85-32 05; Reds. $3 25@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75@3 80;
Butters, $2 25@2 50; Limas, $3 3003 40; Pea, $2 25
@2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50©4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax, $2 15<<?2 25: Ca
nary Seed. 2> / 4@234c per Ib; Alfalfa, S<&S%e;
Rape, i'U@2?4c; Hemp, 2%ifi'3c; Timothy. s<jjs%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 6501 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potates were firm and Oregons advanced.
Onions were weaker, owing to heavy receipts
from the north.
Asparagus, Peas and Rhubarb were lower.
Tomatoes were also weak, owing to the compe
tition of the Mexican article. A good many of
the Bay Peas are small this year, owing to the
dry season; and some have only one pea in the
pod.
Receipts were 3*7 boxes Asparagus. 196 boxes
Rhubarb and 111 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumber?, $1 2552 per dozen.
POTATOES- sl@l 10 per ctl for Early Rose.
90c<g$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marln Burbanks, Soc@sl 10 per ctl; Oregon,
Ssc<?isl 25: Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and
$1 GOi^l 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, 2@2*C
per lb.
ONIONS— 6O@9Oc per ctl, outside quotation for
Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 4(5'5c per lb for
No. 2. 6@7c for No. 1 and B@9c for fancy;
Rhubarb, $lijil 50 per box; Green Peas. 3®sc;
String Beans, 12% c; Cabbage, 40®50c; Tomatoes.
Jl'Sl 75 for Los Angeles and $1 2.". for Mexican;
Egg Plant, 10@lt*C per lb: Garlic. fi@7c per lb;
Dried Okra. 15c per lb: Dried Peppers, 7@12%c;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern were received, and sales
were made at 14c for Turkeys, $5 50 for Ducks
and old Roosters, $5 50®6 for Hens. $7 50@8 for
young Roosters and $6 for Fryers. Two more
cars fall due to-day.
Game was dull and featureless.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14<5717c; live
Turkeys. 12%@14c for Gobblers and 12*®14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2 25
(32 50- Ducks. $4 50@6; Hens, $505 50; young
Roosters $7@3; old Roosters. $4 BOOS 50: Fryers,
$606 50; Broilers. $s<gs 50 for large, $3 60® 4 50
for" small : Pigeons. $1 50®l 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese. SI'S
$1 25; Brant, $I@l 25; Honkers, $:<rff3 60; Hare,
Jl<ftl 2r»; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues to sag, and some dealers are
anticipating the decline by offering at shaded
quotations. Cheese Is unchanged.
Eggs were a fraction lower on the Inside
quotation. Supplies were free and the shipping
demand has ceased.
BUTTER— . _
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 22%@24c; sec
onds. 20@22c. „„,
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20@21c; common
grades, 16@19c. . .
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 16@17c; pickled roll.
14@16c for dairy and 16@17c for creamery
squares: creamery tub. 19c. '• >
Eastern Butter— packed, 13*@14c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll%e; old, 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica, 11%@12%c; Eastern. 10@12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@15c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples continue to advance. Oranges are in
light supply, but the demand is slow.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@$l 25 for common, $1 5001 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2®2 50 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 B0'??2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75cig$l 50; Mandarins, $1 25
<S1 75; Lemon?, 75c@$l 50 for common and $2®
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. ;
California Limes. 50c<©|1 25 per small box;
Grape Fruit $I@2; Bananas. $1 25®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 6%c for 40-50' 4*
@4*ic for EO-60's, 3>i@3%c for 60-70's, 2*««3c for
70-SO's, 2%@2%c for 80-90' s. 2<32%c for 90-100' s
and l?i@2o for 100-110' s; Silver Prunes, 2*@
sc. Peaches, 7*(g'B*c for good to choice; 9@9*c
for fancy and Tor peeled: Apricots. 10*®
13* c for Royals and 14%®15c for Moorparks; |
Evaporated Apples, 7@Bc; sun dried, &@s%c;
Black Figs, sacks 2iy2%c; Plums, nominal,
l@l%c for unpitted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS — 3%c for two-crown, 4^ic for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%(ff6c for Seed
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%'S3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c rer lb: Walnuts, 819
9c for hardshell, ll©l2c for softshell; Almonds.
7@Sc for hardshell. 13fil4c for softshell, 15@17c
for paper shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4%© 6c for California: Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HONEY — 10@llc for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted, 7c; light
amber extracted. 6(§"G%c; dark, s<gs*c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BSS%c per lb for
heavy, B*4®9c for light medium, 10%@lle for
light, !2c for extra light and 124<8'13<; for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $i:@l2 50 per bbl; ;
extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef. $14.50®
15; extra Prime Pork $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16: Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4>i®s%c per lb for
compound and 7<87%c for pure: half-barrels,
pure 7?;iSßor 10-lb tins. S%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%«76"(ic; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9' 2 c:
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails. 12 In a
case B%c; 10-lb rails. 6 In a case. S%c; 50-lb
tins," 1 or 2 in a case, 7"4 c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light. S@S%e; Cow
hides. 8%09c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound. 15c: Culls and Brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, Ehearllngs, 10<5?30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c: long Wool,
60c@l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25 for
large and $1 for small Colts, 25'g'50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 50@2 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3U@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%08c; refined, 4?4@5c; Grease, 2@'2%c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7*3)9c; San Joaquin and Southern. 7
months, B@9c; Foothill and Northern, free. 10(3>
I2c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14(g>15c; Nevada, 10@
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools-
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 fill
Northern Mountain 6%® 9
Southern 6 @ 7%
Plains 5 ®6
HOPS— crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary.
I2@l2Hc for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton is quoted lower. Hogs continue firm.
Beef is steady and unchanged. Lamb and Veal
are also off.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. SIS'SHc per lb.
NUTTON-Wethers. S@SV6c per lb; Ewe.,. 3c.
LAMB— 9@9Hc per lb for yearlings and 12'^
@14c for spring.
. PORK— Live Hogs. 6%«&%C for large. s*i^6c
for medium and s®'s%c for small; stock Hogs
44®5c; dressed Hogs. 7@3c.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%@5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags. 28<g!28c: San Quen
tin Bags, $4 95.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$«; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulk and *3 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11-
Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany qvotes terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6T4c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 6%e; California A, s^c: Magno
lia A, BHc; Extra C, E%c; Golden C, 6%c; half
, barrels, 'Ac more than barrels, and boxes i4q_
more. No order taken for less than 76 barrels
or its equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODU' E.
For Monday, March 6.
Flour, qr sks 41,010 Sugar, bhls 65
IVheat, ctls <m Lime, hbls 270
Barley, ctls 6,46oEggs, doz 17,400
The^se, ctls 23 yuicksilver, flks. 32
Butter, ctls ISf'lLeather. r0115.... 2SS
Tallow, ctls 482 ! Wine, gals 62, M0
Rpans. sks 2,276 Hides, no 241
Potatoes, sks 873 1 Pelts, brils 58
Dnlons. sks 885 Wool, hales US
Bran, sks 375 1 Hay. tons 564
Middlings, sks.... 790 Straw, tons 17
Shorts, sks 25; Raisins, boxes.... 6SO
Sugar, sks 7001
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 5.960 Wheat, ctls 400
Potatoes, sks 3.651 Barley, ctls 220
Onions, sks 1.r.22 Middlings, sks.... 1,250
Bran, Eks LBOO
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change the loading fluctuation was an ad
vance in Mutual Electric to $16. Business was
good. Afternoon quotations were unchanged.
Mining stocks opened lower, owing to the
continued delay In the pumping operations.
The telegram from the pump read as follows:
"Water twenty-nine feet four inches below
1750-foot level. The pump will not be started
until some time Wednesday, as the Risdon
people wish to be present. They will arrive
to-morrow." The weekly report appears be
low.
In the afternoon the feeling was firmer and
prices advanced to a point generally above the
best figures of Saturday.
The Ophlr Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 15 cents ocr share, delinquent
April 10.
The stockholders of the Standard Consoli
dated Mining Company have authorized a re
duction of the capital from $20,01*>.000, divided
into 200,000 shares of the par value of $l»0
each, to $2,000,000. divided Into 200,000 shares of
$10 each.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Syndicate Mining Company of Bodle has been
called for May 10. to authorize a reduction
of the capital stock from $10,000,000. divided
Into 100,000 shares of the par values of $10u
each, to $100,000, divided into 100,000 -shares
of the par value of $1 each.
The Mead Gold Mining and Milling Company
paid Its second quarterly dividend at the rate
of 10 per cent, or 40 per cent per annum, on
March 2.
The Boston and California Gold Mining and
Milling Company paid a regular quarterly divi
dend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum on
March 2.
The official report of General Manager Ross
of the Comstock Pumping Association for the
past week Is as follows:
During the past week pumping at the C.
and C. shaft has been interrupted twice by de
fective discharge pipe— tapered section, ten
feet long, made of '4-lnch steel, riveted and
connected to the elevator and the 14-lnch dis
charge pipe with heavy cast-Iron flanges, the
steel of which was probably injured in roll
ing. This broken section is to be replaced
with a 4-foot section of phosphor-bronze, that
will be connected directly with the seamless
discharge column. The water has been low
•<Ted fifty-three feet below the 1750 level sta
tion, or eighty-one feet below the discharge,
leading to the Sutro tunnel. The only place
where the action of the pumps can be noted
in the adjoining mines at present is at the
'"hollar combination shaft. At this point we
find a slight lowering of the water, It having
fallen ten inches since we started pump
ing at the C. and C. shaft. The Chollar com
bination shaft is located 3300 feet south and
1000 feet east of the C. and C: shaft. The
slight fall of ten Inches is rather a small
matter to call attention to. but as the meas
urements were carefully made there Is no
doubt but in continuing the pumping at the
C. and C. shaft we will drain a large section
of the Comstock lode.
We expect to replace the. defective pipe with
the phosphor-bronze section in a few days.
We have cleaned out, retimbered and laid
track in the 1400-foot level drift a distance of
seventy-two feet on account of the Consolidat
ed California and Virginia Mining Company.
During the week we have completed 500 feet
of the Osblston shaft connection to accom
modate the Sutro tunnel cars, on account of
the Gould & Cury and Best & Belcher mining
CO For aT and on account of the Savage Mining
Company we continue cleaning out their con
necting drift with the main Sutro tunnel. As
mentioned last week, this work is done for
the purpose of enabling them to catch up
and convey such water as is now flowing Into
the lower levels to the tunnel drain boxes.
The report from the Consolidated California
and Virginia mine for the past week states
that the C. and C. shaft for fifty feet below
the 1750 level has been cleaned out and re
paired and the pump rod column, piping ana
Stays have been taken out of the pump com
partment. From the 1750 level down this com
partment will be repaired so that the pump
cage can be used for all work on the pump-
Ing plant after it has been installed, as dur
ing the installation they have to use the cen
ter hoist compartment. On the 1400 level the
drift has been cleaned out and retimbered and
track laid for a total distance of 264. feet.
Work has been resumed on the 1750 station
and has been continued on the electric In
-8I n the Ophlr mine during the past week
the old workings cut into by the north drift
on the Central tunnel level were examined
and the quartz vein they had been following
was found to make a sharp turn to the east
and that it had been followed by a drift on
the hanging wall side for 150 feet, where the
"drift had been filled. At the point of recent
connection there Is a west drift extending 200
feet into the footwall. They are now pre
paring to Vun three crosscuts into the foot
wall at distances of fifty feet apart On the
Sutro tunnel level connection work has been
started and the drift from the north lateral
has been advanced five feet.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the northwest
drift on the 140-foot level was advanced last
week thirty-five feet; total length 165 feet.
The face is In porphyry and quartz. The south
drift from the top of the upraise eighty feet
above the 900 level Is out ninety-three feet.
The face is in clay and porphyry.
Mining dividends paid in February were as
follows:
Mine Amount.
Argonaut Gold ■■ $ 20,000
Boston and Montana Copper 00.000
Bullion-Beck and Champion 10.000
Bunker Hill and Sullivan 21.000
Centennial Eureka 15,000
Central Lead • 5.000
Doe Run 2.500
Empire State M,771
Gold King 10.000
Golden M. and Ex 10.000
Grand Central 31,250
Highland 20.000
Homestake 62.500
Isabella 13o.«»
Lillie 12.500
Montana Limited 20,000
Morning Star 9.600
Moulton 20,000
New York and Honduras Rosarlo 15,"00
Parrot «9.000
Pennsylvania 2,676
Portland 60,000
Quincy Copper 300.000
Sacramento 5,000
Silver King 3i,000
Small Hopes 25,000
Swansea a.ono
War Eagle, B. C 26,250
Total $1,723,452
STOCK AND BOND. EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, March 6—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 9% 9%
<s quar c0up.. 113 — Mutual El Co. 16 IB 1 *.
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 49^ 49%
4s quar new.. 128*4 Pac Gas Imp.. 84 So
Js quar c0up. .107 107% Pao L Co 4>>Vi 4i*Vi
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 84>i 85
Cal-st Cab 55.. 114 — San Fran...... 3% 3%
Cal Elec 55....125H127V. Stockton Gas..'— 14
C C Wat 55....107&iW8Vi Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's- Fund. 22o —
E L & P 65..130V4— I Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 68.115 119 Anglo-Cal .... 66% —
Geary-st R as. — 102 Bank of Cal.. — 258
II C & S s^B. — 105 Cal Sl' & T.. 9S 9SVS
LAL Co 65.. — — First Natlonl.2l9 225
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Lon P i A. .133 —
Market-st 6s..l27Hl2S»i|Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55. 114% — !Nev Nat 8k..175 —
NCN G R 78.107 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 6s..ll3%ll4Vi'Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55.. 113 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R fis.lo4^ — Mutual Saw. 35 «Vi
N P C R R ss.M&ilO2Vi B F Say U.. 497% —
N Cal Rlt ss. 100 — S & L 50.... — 102%
Oak Gas 5p...110 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry 65.. 129 — Union T Co.. — 1450
l J & Cl Ry .106% — Street Railroads—
P& O fis 117 — California 111% —
Powell-st 65.:. — 121*4 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — iMarket-st .... 63% —
8F& N P 53.111% - Oak SL& H. - -
B.F & 8 JVSs.H4 113 Presidio 11 —
KierraßCal 65.104*410*H Powder—
S P of Ar 65.. 112141 12% California ....162% —
SPC 6s (1905)113 - |E Dynamite... 87% —
c P C 6s (190S) — 116% Giant Con. Co. 60% —
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vlgorlt 2% 2%
S P C Is eg 65. 105 — Sugar—
BPBr 6s 124 125 Hana P C 0.... 1614 16%
S V Water 6s. — 117 Haw C&SC. 77 78
B V Water 45. 103% — Hutch 8 P.... 33V4 33*
B V W45(3dm).101% — i Paahau S P. 38% 39Vi
Btktn Gas 65.. — 105 I Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn..lloVillO%
Contra Costa.. 64% 65%!Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
i Spring Valley. 102% 102% ! Oceanic S Co. 76 -~
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1* 1&
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor C 0.105. 105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7* —
Cent L & P... — — I
Morning Session.
"Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 110 75
50 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 108 00
90 Equitable Gas 9 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 76 62*
10 Market-Bt Railway 64 25
15 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 «2%
125 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
40 Mutual Electric Light 15 87%
150 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
10 Mutual Electric Light, h 3 16 00
$1000 Park & Cliff House 6 per cent bds.lo6 50
100 Oceanic S S Co '. 76 25
$3000 S V 4.per cent bonds 103 12%
70 S V Water 102 62*
2 S V Water 102 75
10 8 F Gas & Electric C 0.......... 84 25
IS S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
JSOOO B P of Q 6 per cent bonds U905).....m 25
Afternoon Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
140 Equitable Gas •> ?»
92 Giant Powder Con W j*j
40 Giant Powder Con «0 2:' 2
10 Giant Powder Con 60 .d
235 liana Plantation Co 16 M
300 Hana Plantation Co. b 10 lb 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 6 >o
25 Oakland Gas »9 Z5
25 Oakland Gas « ■.'''
-25 Oakland Gas » 50
120 Oceanic S S Co ™ J"
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co M »
SOS V Water. ™ 50
35 S V Water 10 - (0
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— „ „
35 Giant Powder Con J" Jjj
65 Mutual Electric Light « b0
50 Paauhau S P Co ...••• 39 00
$3500 US! per cent los 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— „ 191 ,
25 Oceanic S S Co ™ £•»
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 .U •
40 Market -st Railway b --""
300 Vigorlt Powder ■« ' »
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar io to
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 09 300 Mexican 73
200 Best & Belcher oil 400 Ophlr 1 °»
400 -Best & Belcher 50 100 Potosi 31
100 Challenge 29 1 200 Potosi 30
100 Chollar 40 j 200 Savage 30
100 Con Cal & V...1 70, 100 sierra Nev 1 40
50 Con Cal & V. .1 781 200 Union Con 61
100 Gould & Curry. 39 550 Yellow Jacket.. »>
100 Hale & Norcrs. 39
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 22 100 Overman 10
100 Best &- Belcher 55 10() Potosi *}
20.1 Caledonia J6 100 Seg Belcher.... 04
100 Challenge 29 300 Sierra Nev 140
600 Con Cal & V...1 35 100 Union Con 64
200 Hale & Norcrs. 38 500 Utah £>
200 Mexican SOI 100 Yellow Jacket.. 27
100 Mexican ?2 600 Yellow Jacket.. -6
350 Ophlr 1 10
• Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday;
Morning Session.
300 Andes 23 300 Mexican 75
500 Belcher 24 200 Mexican <*
400 Best & Belcher 61 500 Mexican 79
300 Best & Belcher 53 1 200 Ophir 98
300 Bullion 07 j 900 Ophir 100
500 Chollar 40 300 Ophlr 1 02%
300 Chollar 42 300 Ophir 105
300 Con Cal & V.I 724! 600 Ophir 1 10
1200 Con Cal & V...1 70 300 Ophir 1 12^4
200 Con Cal & V.I 67% 600 Overman 12
500 Con Cal & V...1 80 700 Potosi 32
400 Con Cal & V.I 82% «00 Savage 32
400 Con Cal & V...1 85 500 Seg Belcher.... 05
1600 Con Cal & V...1 90 200 Sierra Nev 1 30
300 Con Cal & V.I 87% 200 Sierra Nev...l 32%
400 Crown Point... 24 100 Sierra Nev 145
300 Gould & Curry. 41 500 Union Con 65
400 Hale & Norcrs. 39 400 Yellow Jacket.. 29
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 10 1 200 Mexican 80
400 Best & Belcher 54 1 400 Ophir 1 12%
350 Con Cal & V.I 92^1 400 Ophir 1 10
200 Crown Point... 23 200 Overman 11
200 Gould & Curry. 42 j 200 Overman 12
550 Hale & Norcrs. 39 j 400 Utah 25
300 Hale & Norcrs. 3S 300 Yellow Jacket.. 29
300 Kentuck 12 500 Yellow Jacket.. 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
MONDAY, March — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con OS 07 Gould & Curry. 41 42
Alta 09 11 Justice 20 21
Andes 20 22 Kentuck — 12
Belcher 21 23 Lady Wash — 04
Bent on Con 05 — Mexican 80 SI
Best & Belcher 54 55 Occidental 27 23 j
Bullion 06 07 Ophlr 110 115 j
Caledonia 35 3S Overman 11 12 ;
Chollar 41 43 Potosi 30 32
Challenge Con. 2S 30 Savage 31 33 |
Confidence 77 78 Scorpion — 06
Con Cal & V...1 90 195 Seg Belcher.... — 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nev 135 140
Crown Point... 23 24 Silver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — 03
Eureka C0n.... 40 — Standard 2753 00
Exchequer 02 03 Union Con 61 63
Hale & Norcrs. 37 3S Utah 24 26
j u Ha 03 01 Yellow JacTtet.. 28 27
« ■♦■ «
Princeton's growth is remarkable.
! Within ten years the university 8 endow
; ments and the number of the dormitories
have doubled. ____^_____^____
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographtc
OffW, located at the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete pets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
liehts, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating: whether the ball was dropped
on time or ptving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. B. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. 8. X., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) . about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, MARril 7
Pun rises 6:31
Sun setß .....6:10
Moon rises. 3:24 a. m.
M Time Tlmel Time ITime!
«= Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
£ L W H W L, W !H "WJ
7 .. 1:00' 2.9; 7:051 E.B 2:101—0.41. 9:15| 4.8
8 ...I 2:051 2.6 l 8:11 6.0 2:59|— 0.41 9.-R4I 6.2
<t ... 3:'W 2.0; n :11 [ 6.(1 3:44!— rt.jl 10:30! 5.4
10 ... 8:51 I.S 11:06! 6.0 4:2«! O.o| 11:05 5.6
11 ... 4:41| l.Oj ll:00( 5.S 5:07| 0.3| 11:40! 8.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the rarly morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the cj^y. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Mackinaw iTaroma Mar. 7
Plam INanalmo IMar. 7
E Tlinmi'son... Seattle |Mar. 7
Leelanaw Seattle Mar. 7
Orizaba Newport Mar. 7
HonKk'ngMaruiChlna and Japan 'Mar. 7
A. Blarohard..iCoop Bay iMar. 7
"Weeott Co.>s Pay Mar. 7
Pomona jHumboldt |Mar. S
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 8
Alame.ia jSydney Mar. 8
Walla Walla... t Victoria & Pusret Sound Mar. 8
Brlftni |Departure Bay Mar. 8
Mlnenla ITacoma Mar. S
Willamette Seattle Mar. 8
Chilkat Humboldt • Mar. 8
Coquille River. 'Tillamook Bay Mar. 9
Point Arena. ...|Point Arena |Mar. 9
Santa Rosa JSan Diego IMar. i>
Alliance jOn>Kon Ports |Mar. 9
Wpllinst^n Departure Bay ■...{Mar. 10
Luella Crescent City !Mar. 10
Coos Hay Newport IMiir. H
Columbia IPortland Mar. H
Vmntilla IVlrtorla &- Puitet Pound Mar. 13
Arcata [Coos Bay ! Mar. 13
Crescent City.. .[Crescent city Mar. 13
Corona !San Dlepjo IMar. 13
C Netaoß Pugel Hound [Mar. 14
State of Cal.... ! Portland ; Mar. lfi
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Queen Vie & Pf?t Sd. Mar. 7. 10 am!Pler 9
Corona San Diego Mar. 7. 11 amjPter 11
Australia ..JHonohilu Mar. 8, 2 pmlPler 7
Aloha (Point Arena.. IMar. 8. 3 pmlPier 2
A. BlanclTd Coos Bay 'Mar. S. 5 pm Pior 11
Arrata Coos Bay Mar. S, 10 am, Pier 13
State of CaliPortland |Mar. 9, 10 amiPter 2+
Orizaba ...j Newport IJlar. 9. 9 amjPier 11
G,-\fli.< '<"hina k.Taran'Mar. 9. 1 pm PM?S
VCeeott IYaqulnaß«y.|M»r. 9. 10 am! Pier IS
Chllkat HumboMt Mar. :>. 2pm I Pier 13
Curacoa .».(M«dco [Mar. 10, i>> am I'ler n
Pomona ...)Humb»ldt Mar. 1", 2 pm Pier it
Santa Rosa San Dlesro IMar. 11. 11 amlPtPr 11
It Arrna. . 'Point Arena. .'Mar. 11. 3 pm!Pier 2
Walla WalllVlc & Pgrt SdJMar. 12. 10 amPier 3
Coos Bay... (Newport I Mar. 13. 9 am Pier jl
CV.lumhla ..!Portland |Mar. 14, 10 ara'Pl«r 21
Eteamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
March «, 1899.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of Urn 12Cth meridian, cr at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charg».
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
'; -I Monday. March 8.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 48 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 40 hours.
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy. 84 hours from Se
attle ''■' ■•■'■"
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 48% hours from Coob
Day
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. 30 hours from
Iversens Landing. '
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 48 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 30 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Monday, March 8.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, cattle; E T
S stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send. .-*
SAILED.
Monday, March 6.
Stmr Chan Nelson. Anderson, Seattle.
Stmr Navarro. Higgins. ,
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. Portland.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
CHARTERS.
The Louis Walsh loads coal at Tacoma for
this port; Dominion, lumber at Port Blakeley
for Sydney; J M Weatherwax, lumber at
British Columbia for Nagasaki.
TELEGRAPHIC. ;
POINT LOBOS, March 6. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed March 6— Schr
Barbara Hernster, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived March 6— Schr La Chil
ena. hence March 3.
Sailed March 6— Schr La Chilena, for San
Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived March 6— Stmr Alca
zar, hence March 5.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 6— Stmr Na
tional City, hence March 5; stmr Sequoia, hence
March 5.
REDONDO— Arrived March 6— Stmr West
port, from Eureka.
NEAH BAY— Passed March 6— Br ship Drum
cralg, hence Feb 25, for Port Townsend; stmr
Elihu Thomsen, from Seattle, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed March 6— Stmr
Dirlgo, for Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived March 6— Stmr Pomona.
, hence March 5.
SEATTLE — Sailed March 8 — Stmr Ellhu
Thomson, for San Francisco; stmr Dlrigo, for
Dyea; stmr Al-Ki. for Dyea.
COOS BAY— Sailed March B— Stmr Weeott,
for San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed March 6— Stmr Scotia,
for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived March 6— Stmr Albion.
hence March 5.
CASPAR— SaiIed March 6— Schr Maxim, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— March 6— Stmr South
Coast, from Newport.
Sailed March 6— Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 6— Stmr Columbia,
hence March 4.
Sailed March s— Bark Ferris S Thompson, for
San Francisco. March 6— Br ship Eaton Hall
and Br ship King David, for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FREEMANTLE— March s— Bark Oen
Fairchild. from Port Blakeley.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived March s— Chil bark
Bundaleer. from Tacoma.
MANlLA— Arrived March s— Stmr Ohio, hno
Feb 1.
COLON— Arrived March 3— Stmr Advance,
from New York.
CARDIFF— SaiIed March 4— Br ship Blalr
gowrle, for Seattle.
PENARTH— SaiIed March ♦— Br ship Leyland
Brothers, for San Diego.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Jan Schr Ho
noipu. for Kahului.
HONGKONG — Arrived March s— Br ship
Queen Margaret, to load for San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
f^_ Steamers leave Broadway
H^. wharf, San Francisco:
!»sb*?KJl For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
SpKiSs^ Jlar 2 - 7> 12t 1T - "• 27: Apr '
I i&HhM change at Seattle.
BtaWHI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
mftirimft C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^|H Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
an New Whatcom (Wash).
"~ 10 a m.. Mar. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22.
»- a 1 and every fifth day thereafter:
ford (San Lull Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
■ LoV Angelas and Redondo (Loe Angeles) 11 a_
L MarUH. 15. *» H, 31: Apr. 4. and
! e to y &Sj£ SSSSS B.T. San Jose de,
I Caho Mazatlan. Altata La Pa z. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 9: Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
i without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
' and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. AgtB..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
:CA DC *I 2 First Class Including Berth*
IAIIL $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. 22; March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7, 17. 37,
March 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points in the Northwest*
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
fames aS. Australia'
SSHBIIL^ 113 ' for Honolulu
[•^■■■■■f* Wednesday, March 8,
M The S. m. Alameda
•1 The S. S. Alameda
>tpam?hinr) Balls via Honolulu and
G)lulllljlliy^ Auckland for • Sydney
/RlTlßTin/.L-'Wp'ines.lay. March 22,
VyilipUlUsPat 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
1 Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
■ England, etc ; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aats.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 32 7 Market St
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^.
(French Lino)
I DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS f-ffM-
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2jif2s
'at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North >■»■»>
i River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE J! arc i? l l
LA BRETAGNE March 18
i LA TOIIKAINE a l "^, 2 ?
|LA NORMANDIE Ap D J
LA CHAMPAGNE •■ ..April 8
: First class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
' cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
I «nvre 145 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
i J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
1 St. Paul...- February 22 [St. Paul March IS
Bt. Louis March 1 St. Louis March a
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 1J noon.
Kensington. ...Feb'y 15 I Southwark.... .. March I
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.-March IS
Frlesland March 1 Kensington.. March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery St., • -ny of Its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
i India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
, HONOKONO MARU Friday, March 17
! NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 13
! AMERICA MARU 3 Saturday, May 8
j Round-trip tickets -at reduced rater. • For
! freight and passage apply at company* office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW 'EXPRESS LINE.
PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— CHERBOURG (PARIS)— HAM-
BURG.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
' AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Aprts. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STjsAKEBS.
FOR 11. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Hon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. ■£. (ex. Thurs. night); Friday!
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. la.
Landing and office. Misslon-st. Dock. Pier Nat
t. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE . ( . I ..,.mi.| U iuiu>u>u<imu>mM«MME. BIANCHINI
VERY FLIPPANT
Not Concerned Over
Her Trial.
PRETTY AND WELL DRESSED
BUT IT LOOKS AS THOUGH SHE
POISONED HER HUSBAND.
Testimony Introduced That Puts ths
Duped Scenic Artist in a
Most Unpleasant
Light.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, March 6.— Mme. Charles Bi
anchini. wife of the famous and popu
lar scenic artist, arrested last Novem
•! the charge of attempting to
poison him. was placed on trial to-day.
The courtroom was crowded with fash
ionable women, many prominent peo
ple being present.
Tlio prisoner, who was elegantly at
tired, conducted herself In Die most
nonchalant fashion and flatly denied
the accusation. The evidence showed
that, after squadermg his wife's for
tune of 750,000 francs, M. Bianchini, in
order to prevent his home being sold,
allowed M. Mayer, a well-known theat
rical critic, to become his wife's lover.
M. Mayer took his meals at the house
and practically lived th
When the parties were trying to ar
range a divorce M. Bianchini used to
be found in the mornjng with the pu
pils of his eyes terribly dilated, his face
black, venous blotches on his chest and
his limbs quivering. He generally re
covered toward evening.
One peculiarity of the case which
presents many mysteries is that M.
Bianchini still declares that he does nut
believe his wife guilty.
About six months before Mme. Bian
chini's arrest her husband was sud
denly attacked by a mysterious malady
which the physicians diagnosed differ
ently. One of them declared his belief
that the symptoms were those of atrb
plne poisoning, and thereupon Bian
chini's friends, Messrs. Carr and (Jail
hard, directors of the Grand Opera,
took it upon themselves to carry him to
;a distant village away from his wife.
There he recovered rapidly. When the
police arrested Mme. Bianchini they
found bottles of atropine in the house.
She is said to be a very pretty woman
nnd to have taken the arrest and all the
subsequent proceedings flippantly.
CUSTOMS OFFICIALS
WINKED AT FRAUD
Methods of Filching From Uncle Sam
at the Mexican Boundary-
Line.
iALES. Ariz., March 6.— The .article
Which appeared in The Call of February
rerning the methods in vogue in th-?
custom service at Nog-ales, Ariz., seems
:rred matters up somewhat. A
merchant who, it is alleged,, has been
d "favors" by the customs officials
rt, and ft, K. Chenoweth, the
■mis, made a. i
■ - ial Commissioner Roush.
i putting a stop to what h<
methods in handling
I in bond to the republic
of Mexico. The row camo up when
.. forbade the breaking of Govern
- upon freight cars which were
1 through in bond to Guaymas,
1 no cars contained barbed wire,
was of American manufacture
■• ign raw material, upon which
Is a drawback upon importation.
T:>e purchaser on the American side of
Ine, by shipping to Mexico, gets a
transcontinental freight rate, and also a
dravtack on the imported raw material,
caking the Beala at Nogales, Aric,
and unloading here, he secures these ad
vantages more quickly and avoids the '.o
lal freight back from Guaymas and savea
the trouble of reimportation upon return
of the goods from Mexico. But the Cus
toms Collector seems to have winking at
:.iothod of defrauding the Govern-
On the same day there was another
fight between one of Chenoweth's friends
and an ex-line-r!d<r. who at present is
••fornlnst" the Collector, and this fight
threw to the winds a vast amount of
Lai,' which is now the only topic dls
.l Tipon the streets.
ther charge which has been made
against the Collector goes to show mat
there is b"ut little in the civil service re
foran law. It is stated, and on good au
ty, that Chenoweth would take the
civil Service blanks to a friend of his,
•who was able to work the problems and
answer the questions, and they would
make out little slips of paper containing
the solutions and answers to the various
questions and hand them to the favored
ones to be used at the examination, while
those who were not co lucky would not
succeed in passing.
It Is said the Government has ordered
a full investigation of the office, when
there will be further developments of a
very Interesting nature. The Collector
and his friends are making all sorts of
threats against the author of the former
article In The Call, if they ascertain who
he is, and against any other person who
crosses them in their crooked methods.
Dies Laden With Years.
WOODLAND, March 6.— Mrs. A. Wald
orf, a native of Ohio, died at her home
at Plumfleld, Yo!o County, last evening.
R] c was ~'j years of age, had been married
to Joseph W. Waldorf sixty-four years
and had been a resident of Yolo County for
thirty-four years. The surviving mem
bers 'of the family are her husband and
f'x children— four daughters and two sons.
GRAPE-NUTS."
••••••••••••••••••••••
9 ©
% A Dinner Pudding ®
® ©
• - I
I of Grape-Nuts %
I is "A DEAR" I
• S
2 and the concentration %
§ of nourishment . .... §
• AT GHOCEJRS' ©
USED SEVERAL WAYS.
The New Food Can Be Served Plain
or In Form of Desserts.
It is a known fact that many people
fail to properly digest the starchy parts
of bread and other food. Grape-Nuts
(a delightful breakfast food) are made
of the grape-sugar which results from
preparing the starchy parts of the cer-
eals, in the same way artificially as the
body should do ' by natural processes.
Therefore Grape-Nuts furnish food 'all
ready for Immediate assimilation into
blood and tissue. They are made by
the Postum Co., at Battle Creek, .Mich.,
and are ready prepared, require no
cooking whatever, and will be found
most valuable by Athlete, Brain work-
er or invalid. . ;." - , . •
Bold by Grocers. . • ,
ENGLAND TO HAVE
POSTAL TELEPHONE
British Governn)cot Decides to
Eoter Competition of the
Country.
+ LONDON, March 6.— The welcome announcement was made by the ♦
+ Financial Secretary of the Treasury, R. W. Hanbury, in the House ♦
+ of Commons to-day, that the Government has decided to introduce +
+ competition in the telephonic service of the country. He asked for a. +
■♦■ credit of $10,000,000 as a starter in order to enable the Postofflce De- +
+ partment to develop the telephonic communication of London. +
-f In making the announcement Mr. Hanbury admitted that it was ■¥
♦ a notorious fact that Great Britain was far behind the United States +
♦ and other countries in the matter of telephonic communication. +
♦ The House ultimately adopted a resolution embodying Mr. Han- -f
+ bury's proposal. ■ ; \- : ♦
*+++♦+++*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦
DRIVEN OUT BY
RISING WATERS
Floods in Kentucky and
Ohio.
LOWLANDS ARE INUNDATED
FAMILIES FORCED TO LEAVE
THEIR HOMES.
Streams Are Still Rising and It Is
Feared That Former High-
Water Marks Will
Be Passed.
Special Dispatch to Th© Call.
CINCINNATI, March 6.— The Ohio
River at this point had reached a stage
'. of 53 feet 9 inches at 10 o'clock to-night
| and was risinjg at the rate of three
; inches an hour. But little damage has
I ' been done here, though many business
■ men in the lowlands are removing their
; goods from cellars. A sixty-foot stage
of water would drive some business
: llrms located near the river into second
j stories, but railroad trains would not
! bo prevented running regularly. Up the
river, at Portsmouth, many families
have been driven from their homes, and
several factories have been flooded,
. causing suspension of operations.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 6.— The
! swollen streams in Kentucky are caus
'. Ing. great damage, especially to farm
! ers. It is feared the worst is yet to
! come, as the streams are still rising.
i The Kentucky Kiver is rising rapidly
1 and much of the bottom lands are al
-1 ready inundated. All the tributary
streams are badly swollen and a rec
t ord-breaker is feared.
Besides the damage to property sev
i eral casualties have resulted already.
J. W. Gordon was drowned near Frank
! fort while trying to ford Stoney Creek.
| William Abshire, near Richmond; Ja
! cob Ewing, at Ewing Station, and Neal
• Carter, near Mt. Sterling, lost their
; lives.
At Cattlettsburg the Government
gauge is 54.6 feet, and the river is ris
ing slowly. Merchants and residents
on Front and Center streets, near Catt
letts Creek, are moving to higher
ground. The water is now 18 inches
[ above the danger line. Much damage
i ta reported up the Big Sandy River. At
I Louisville the river is 54 feet and still
i rising. It is the highest water since
1562.
PORTSMOUTH, Ohio, March 6.— The
river has swept over the lower part of
i the city and residents have fled, to
I higher ground. The rise last night was
■ rapid, and business on Front street was
; alarmed at the prospect of the inva
| sion of the cellars. Heavy rains above
are sending down an unusual flood.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Decision of the Supreme Court Up
holds the Claims of R. US..
Price's Heirs.
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day decided the
case of R. M. Price, who loaned 475,000 to
his successor as financial agent of the
I'nited States Government at San Fran
clsco in 1860. The lower court's decision,
reimbursing him and holding that his
heirs were entitled to a share, was af
firmed. A balance of $20,000 remains un
paid and the appointment of a receiver in.
Now Jersey for this amount is also ap
proved, for tha protection of creditors
who Instituted proceedings in 1532.
Representative De Vries called at the
super vising architect's office of the Treas
ury Department to-day relative to the
Stockton public building, and was as-,
sured by Assistant Kemper that work on
that building would begin shortly. Rep
resentative and Mrs. De Vrles left Wash
ington for San Francisco to-night.
The special postal service between
Craig and Stoble. Mbdoc County, Cali
fornia, will be discontinued after March
80.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original— George W. Allen,
Soldiers' Home, Lp« >*ngeles, $6. In
crease—Barney H. Jacobs, Rodlanas, $8 to
$12. Original widow, etc.— Amy C. Brown,
Ix>s Angeles, $8.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War the discharge from the service of
the United States by the commanding of
ficer of the Presidio of San Francisco, of
Privates Ralston H. Patmorc, Company
A and Bert E. White, Company A, First
Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, is con
firmed.
The discharge of the following named
enlisted men by the commanding 'on"i( er
of the Presidio of San Francisco is con
firmed: Privates Bernard Niesigh, Com
pany I. and Frank Htursa, Company L,
First Montana, Volunteer Infantry; Priv
ates David A. Small and Anton E. John
son Company F. Thirteenth Minnesota
Volunteer Infantry: Private Herman
Cook, Company F. First California Vol
unteer Infantry; Privates William M.
Gerton. Company A, and H. E. Burke,
Company C, First Nebraska Volunteer
Infantry; Privates Andrew Hanson, Com
pany B; Frederick Brewer, Edgar E.
Carle Company U, and Arthur Cryst,
Company X, Fifty-first lowa Volunteer
Infantry.
: CHILD PLAYS WITH MATCHES.
An Inmate of a Foundlings' Home
Burned to Death.
SACRAMENTO. March 6.— Myrtle Rob
erts, a nve-year-old girl, met a most hor
rible death at the Foundlings' Home last
night. The girl had been playing with
matcheß in the playroom of the home, of
which she was an Inmate, in the afternoon
and her dress accidentally caught fire.
When the matron reached the scene the
child was running around the room fran
tic with pain. The flames were extin
guished and the suffering girl was treated
with what remedies there were at hand
until the arrival of a physician. She was
burned bo bardly, however, that after lin
gering about four hours she expired.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
ESCAPES FROM
A PESTHOUSE
Smallpox Patient Causes
a Scare.
EXCITEMENT AT SPOKANE
MOB PURSUES A SUPPOSED
CRIMINAL.
Scatters in Wild Alarm When Told
the Fugitive Is a Man Made
Insane by a Dread
Disease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 6.— A special from
Spokane reports that Archie Brown, a
former musician of the Frank Daniels
Company, created a sensation in that
city to-day by escaping from a pest
house, where he had been imprisoned
because of being afflicted with small
pox. Later, finding himself on crowded
thoroughfares, he was taken for a fugi
tive criminal and chased by. a mob
composed of hundreds of people.
The Daniels company played at Spo
kane last week. Brown became ill on
Saturday and developed a genuine case
of smallpox. IJe became delirious yes
terday, broke out of the pesthouse, and.
boarding a crowded car, rode to the city.
The conductor believing Brown to be
crazy telephoned to the police, who
went in search of the afflicted man.
In the meantime Brown had left the
car, rushed up and down the crowded
streets, made himself troublesome in a
half dozen big stores, scared women
and children, and when found by the
poliro wa^: surrounded by hundreds of
people, who believed him to be a crim
inal.
Brown had made several efforts to
escape, but each time the crowd had
grabbed him and felled him to the
street. Then a physician arrived and
pronounced thp man a victim of small
pox and the hundreds of people scat
tered in every direction, each satisfied
that he could discover germs of the
disease on. his person.
The Health Officer advised a general
vaccination, but it was .found that the
pupply of vaccine points was limited;
Coast cities were immediately wired to
for a supply. A general scare prevails
to-night at Spokane, but there is be
lieved to be little danger of the pest
spreading.
UNION SAVINGS BANK
DIRECTORS TO RESIGN
Agreement Reached After a Confer
ence With Attorney Gen
eral Ford.
SAN JOSE, March 6.— The new board of
directors of the wrecked Union Savings
Bank to-night, by a vote of 4 to 3, decided
to resign in a body.
Attorney General Ford, Deputy G. A.
Sturtevant and Bank Commissioner Bar
rett came down this afternoon to meet
the directors. The Attorney General ad
vised that all the directors resign, as they
had no legal Standing now and had no
right to elect members since the failure.
This suggestion met the approval of Di
rectors Wright, Eaton, Jones and Cal
lisch. James W. Rea and C. P. Braslan
opposed it and Director Bowdcn refused
to vote.
To-morrow Attorney General Ford will
file a supplemental complaint in the suit
recently brought to have the bank de
clared insolvent. In this he will aver the
directors have all resigned and ask the
court to fill vacancies in the directory.
This will be answered by the board ad
mitting the fact. Then the appointment
of directors will come. A long list of
names— among them those of all the old
and new directors — will be submitted to
Judge Lorigan for selection. The stock
holders and depositors will again take a
hand and try to obtain recognition. They
will oppose the appointment of any of the
old directors, on the ground that bank
wreckers should not be allowed to handle
a bank's business.
As yet no real work In the settlement
of the bank's affairs has commenced, and
the depositors are growing restless. They
will meet on Thursday, and it' is said
steps will be taken then to rush a settle
ment.
WHALEY'S INJUBIES FATAL. ;
Medical Skill of No Avail to the Un
fortunate Car-Builder.
SAUSALIfO, March 6.— Daniel "Whaley,
who . was so badly injured last Saturday
by getting caught between the jam of a
door and the coach of a moving train at
the carhouse of the North Pacific Coast
Railway Company, died' of his injuries at
10 o!clock this morning. The deceased
was one of the most popular employes of
the company. He leaves a widow and
Fix children. The funeral will take place
Saturday under the auspices of the An
clent Order of United Workmen, of which
Whaley was a mcmlx r.
Supervisor Resigns.
SALINAS, March 6.— George S. Red
mand. Supervisor from the fourth dis
trict of Monterey County, resigned this
afternoon to accept a lucrative appoint
ment at El Paso, Texas, ije was elected
in November, 1696, over his Republican
competitor, by a small majority. He de
sired to resign several months ago, but
was persuaded not to do so, as that would
change the complexion of the Board of
Supervisors. As his successor will have
to be appointed by Governor Gage, many
Republicans are already applicants for
the position.
Death of Jacob I/enz.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 6.— Jacob Lenz
died here tt>-day aged SI. He founded the
large wholesale dry-goods *flrm of Lenas
& Leiser. His remains will be taken to
San Francisco for interment.
$150 cash win pay for a good up-ight
piano at Aiauvaia' to-day. 769 Market.*
BRIBERY CHARGE
WAS NOT PROVED
Majority Report to Utah
Legislature.
M'CUNE FOUND GUILTLESS
MINORITY SUBMITS A DISSENT
ING OPINION.
Declares That the Senatorial Candi
date Did Seek to Obtain
Votes by the Use of
Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, March 6.— The Legis
lative Investigating Committee sub
mitted a majority and minority report
to the joint assembly this afternoon.
The majority report is signed by Sena
tor Whitney and Representatives Stew
art, Mansfield, Sorensen and Cura
mings. The minority report is signed
by Senators Shurtliff and Howells. The
llndings of the- majority report are as
follows:
1. In the matter of the charge of brib
ery preferred by Representative Law
against A. \\". McCune we Jind, after the
careful consideration, that the
charge is not sustained by the evidence.
2. In the Sloan-Nebeker case we find
that the said ft. AY. Sloan improperly ap
proached Senator W. G. NVbeker for the
purpose of securing his (Nebeker's) sup
port for Mr. McCune, but the evidence
oot establish an attempted bribery
or other public offense.
3. In the I vms- Jackson case the evi
dence is not sufficient to justify the con
clusion that any attempt was made to
secure by improper means Mr. Jackson'a
vote. We believe that in this case Mr.
Ja^-ks^n labored under an honest but mis
taken impression.
4. The evidence in the Cook-Farr mat
ter Is so remote that we deem it irrele
vant to any issue under consideration.
The Lapish charge — a supplemental case
—Is one in which the evidence bearing
upon the statement made is not sufficient
to warrant the finding of an attempted
bribery or other public offense.
In conclusion, we record our emphattc
disapproval of the present method of con
ducting Senatorial campaigns, particular
ly the practice by Senatorial candidates
of opening headquarters, employing num
erous assistants and entertaining by
means of free dinners, free theaters and
other gratuitous dispensations, persons
whose votes are desired by me candidates
at whose expense those things are pro
vided. It not only tends to evil, but it
works evil and In the interest of good
government, pure elections and that
higher political morality which all good
citizens desire to see attained, the prac
tice should be abolished. We -also con
demn the circulation of unfounded ru
mors designed to injure the prospects of
Senatorial candidates.
The specific finding in the minority
report is that A. W. McCune did, by
the use of money, attempt to secure the
vote of Albert A. Law, and that R. W.
Sloan sought by improper means to se
cure the vote of State Senator W. G.
Nebeker for Mr. McCune for United
States Senator.
After the reading of the reports the
joint aster bly adjourned until 9:30 to
morrow morning, when the reports will
be taken up for discussion.
FRUIT ASSOCIATION
GAINS NEW MEMBERS
Santa Clara County Exchange Joins
the Coast Organiza
tion.
PAN JOSE, March 6.— The Pacific Coast
Fruit Association, organized here a short
time ago for the purpose of handling the
prune crop, is being encouragingly re
■! all Over the State. To-day a large
! ly attended! nn:«'ting of prune-growers be
< longing to the Santa Clara County Fruit
Exchange voted unanimously to join the
ni\v association. The meeting was an
enthusiastic one. President. Philo Ilersey
presided. D. M. Delmas explained the
objects of the new organization, and tne
discussion that followed showed the unan
imity of the growers. It was decided to
call a special meeting of fhe Fruit Ex
change on March 22 to take formal action
in- joining the prune association.
Already hundreds- of fruit men, repre
senting thousands of acres of prunes,
have joined, and now that the Fruit Ex
change comes in, its success Is assured.
The Santa Clara County Fruit Exchange
is the largest handler of dried fruits on
the const, and smaller associations in the
county, such as the West Side, Berry
eSsa, East Side and Campbell Fruit
Unions, will follow it. All tries*? organ
izations will abide by the price and rules
of the Pacific Coast Fruit Association.
This means increased prices for growers.
RUMOR THAT BELGIUM'S
QUEEN IS NO MORE
Disquieting Report at Brussels De
spite tne Bulletins From the
Sick Chamber.
LONDON, March 7.— The Dally Tele
graph publishes the following dispatch
from Brussels, dated midnight:
"The entrances to the Qhateau Laoken,
where Queen Marie Henriette is lying,
are guarded by sentlres, and telephonic
communication Is interrupted. There is a
persistent rumor that the Queen is al
ready dead, but a bulletin issued at 1:30
p. m. said her condition was 'compara
tively (satisfactory.' and that the malady
was following 'its normal course.' "
TO ENFORCE DEMANDS.
Germany Sends Warships to Morocco
to Collect Indemnity. .
BERLIN, March 6.— The German school
ships Carlotte and. Stotsch, the corre
spondent there of the Associated Press is
informed on authority, have arrived at
I Tangier, Morocco, to enforce the demands
made, for the payment of an Indemnity to
the German victims of the Moroccan out
! ragp. The Sultan has failed to act upon
! the agreements arrived at in the matter.
Bough on the Sailor.
SEATTLE. March 6.— United States Dis
trict Judge Hanford decided to-day that a
sailor boarding-house keeper could retain
the clothing of a seaman to secure the
payment of board and lodging.
Office: S. W. Cor. Post and Powell Streets, Telephone:
Opposite Union Square. ■ • Main 5713.
Pierce- Rodolph
Responsible Firm. £+ i s~*t
Low Rates. ~~~ OUOlfl-S^W . V'O •
Storage, Moving,
Packing, Shipping.
Fireproof Warehouses. Covered Vans.
Lowest Rates— -Packing and Shipping.
HITT TALKS OF
LAWS IN HAWAII
Resultof Congress' Fail
ure to Act,
SITUATION NOT HOPELESS
EMBARRASSMENTS, HOWEVER,
ARE LIKELY TO ARISE.
One Great Source of Difficulty Will
Be the Failure to Properly
Determine Admiralty
Questions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
WASHINGTON, March 6.
There has been considerable specula
tion as to the effect upon the conditions
In the Hawaiian Islands owing to the
failure of Congress to enact the legis
lation demanded.
Representative Hitt of Illinois, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs In the last Congress, who was one
of the Hawaiian commissioners, is
probably as conversant with Hawaiian
affairs as any public man in Washing
ton. Mr. Hitt was asked to-day for an
expression of opinion upon what may
be expected in Hawaii between this
time and the reassembling of Congress
•and the enactment of proper laws.
"I am by no means inclined to take a
hopeless view of the situation," said
Mr. Hitt. "It Is true that embarrass
ments will arise. For instance,, a strict
construction of the existing law, or
rather absence of law, would permit
criminals to go free because of the con
flict between the United States laws
and local regulations. But it is not to
be considered that any such construc
tion will be placed upon the case. The
courts will see to it that public order
is conserved.
"Another great source of difficulty
will be in the determination of admiral
ty questions. As a matter of fact, they
will not be determined, but the people
will have to worry along as best they
can. As for customs questions, I think
the President will have sufficient pow
er, in the absence of specific legislation,
to settle them.
"I believe that when the next Con
gress convenes it will be possible to se
cure consideration for the Hawaiian
bill and to enact a comprehensive law
for the islands. In the meantime, the
ability and integrity of the men in
charge of the government will be a suf
ficient safeguard for the interests of the
people." .
BIG CUT IN RATES
ACROSS THE ATLANTIC
Competing Lines Have Greatly Re
duced First and Second Class
Fares.
HAMBURG, March 6.— ln consequence
of the cut in rates for tran-Atlantic pas
senger rate*, the Hamburg-American line
has reduced the fare for first cabin pa.s-
senses to £10.
NEW YORK, March 6.— According to in
structions received to-day from Its homo
office, the Holland-American line an
nounced a cut In first and second class
passenger rates. The llrst-class minimum
rate was cut from $65 to $50 and second
class from $45 to $35. The new rates are
to go Into effect at once. The cut has
extended to the North German Lloyd Line
and to-night that company'^ agents an
nounced that the following east-bound
rates have been made: First cabin on the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse and. Kaiser
Frederick up to April 11, the fare will be
$75 to Southampton; from May 9 tc May
23, $90, and from June 6 to July 7, $100.
On the Lahn and Trave the winter s.ea
son has been extended from March 31 to
April IS and the rate for that period fixed
at $60 minimum. -■-•*.'
WERE NOT POLICEMEN.
! Erroneous Account of an Affray at
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. March 6.— A dispatch
sent from this city on Saturday, March
4, giving the details of an encounter at
the City Police Station, conveyed the im
pression that William Vaughn and Lew
Radigan, the principals in the uffray.
were policemen. As a matter of fact, the
two were men who had called at the
station to have one another arrested be
cause of a previous altercation. They
never have been and are not likely to be
members of the police force, and the of
ficers desire to have The Call correct the
impression that the fighters were wearers
of stars.
QUESTION OF JURISDICTION.
Human Body Remains in a River
Forty-Eight Hours.
AisGELS CAMP, March 6.— While in
toxicated Amiz Morroeo was drowned in
attempting to wade across the Stanislaus
River near the Jones mine on Friday
afternoon. Dcputv Coroner Prince was
notified, but found that the oody was on
the Tuolumne side and out of his juris
diction. The corpse consequently laid in
the water nearly forty-eight hours after
having been discovered.
Mining Claims Bonded.
REDDING, March 6.— lt is reported on
the authority of one of the owners that
a Toup of seventeen claims In tlie sul
phide zone of the Backbone mining dis
trict has been bonded for $130,000. A pay
ment of $30,000 must be made by the 25th
of March, the remainder within a year.
Three San Francisco mining m.en have
taken the bond. The bonded property Is
owned jointly by Fred Bowler, W. H.
Bartley, Arthur Baker, John Monahan
and Fred Simonds.
Advance in Price of Sugar.
NEW YORK, March 6.— An all-round
advance in the price of refined sugars was
made to-day by the American Sugar Re
fining Company. . Arbuckle Bros, and
Howell, Son & Co., the last named firm
representing the independent refiners.
The' advance is M\ cent a pound, bringing
barrel sugar up to aVi cents and package
sugar to 5Vi cents. The Mollenhauer re
finory, one of the independent concerns,
resumed operations to-day.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. , .
AN EXCELLENT COMBINATION.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the " well-known remedy.
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig: -Syrup Company, illus-
trates the value of obtaining the liquid
laxative principles of plants known to
be medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to
the taste and acceptable to the. system.
It is the one perfect strengthening lax-
ative, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly, a.nd enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or. irritating them, make it the. Ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Company only. In order to get its ben-
eficial effects and to avoid imitations,
please remember the full name of the
company, printed on the front of every
package. . •
California Fig Syrup Co.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Louisville, Ky. New York, N. T. j
' For sale by all druggists. Price 50c
per bottle. . . ■ •
A Motor Burned Out
or a wire broken, puts a stop for the time being;
to the work of the electric system^ All roust be
repaired and the wire again charged before a
wheel will turn. It is so with THE HUMAN
MACHINE, Its nerTe system Is as ajnetwork
of delicate wires and If these are shattered or
enfeebled eTery function is retarded. To keep
life at its best, both for action and enjoyment,
you must Sustain the Nerve Power.
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
are a true siistalner of the nerTe power and ol \
the greatest efficacy. They repair and buildup
the broken-down nerre system; they feed it\
they charge it with vitality; they give sleep to
the sleepless, backbone to the faltering; they
aTert insanity and consumption, revive failing
memory, bring rosy cheeks and lustrous eyes.
They are harmless, yet potent; can b« carried In
the pocket, yet restore vigor to all. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
i One 50 Cents 6 Koxes at 83.50, a
i lio^ Kenews . Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed en receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago, 111.
- Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S *«••«
fgfggf| Museum of Anatomy
|p|fiA. iC;I SI. Hi. 61214 7:1, D.r.W.
a\ % H Tht L»rfei»ofi««klndin the World. ■
lliil\ DR ' JORDAN ~ Private leases.
K"T v Phltoso pity of * Marrfagt.
* « laturn FREE.
a^^ga^ rupture.
fSSSX/^Tet^ USB NO MORE IRON
Hoops or Steel Springs.
£r^jrt??s!2?^^ Rupture retained with ease
m^^ytß^Z an( ' comfort, and thousands radi-
R fmj* "* cally CURED by DR. PIERCB'9
I m //Si x Magnetic Elastic Truss. C 7" Call at
Xj^ft^ flee or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
00 Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
/T^^. J^ r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ 620 KXABXT ST. Established
fejf^f fp"**i* In 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
*»!»."» KKAK9IT.VT. Established
in 18.14 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
4?yfi?So3ttg&i 'I iseasp wearing on bodyand mind ana
2?wS"*<gSrti¥S Skin Diseases. I'hodoctorcures when j
j^S44s*»ffi«othoisfall. Try him. Charges low
rtißffiffiißrTl Curencußranteed. Callorvvrita I
21 v. J. 1". tiIBBOX. Box 5957. 5 an Franclsca
KATXBOAD TRAVEL.
■
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New.
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotria
Lighted Sleeping Car. i ,-;j, / ;. : :
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally j
Overland Express.
SAB FBAHCiSCO TICKEroTnCE— — MARKET Si
TELEPHONE} MAIN ISSL
Oakland Offios— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offiot— 2ol / Strait. [
Ban Jom Offiot— 7 West Santa Olara Si .
A Superb Train
Jhmffc EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
j^itttrh<i>ti^iw>ist VIA THE
'^^Union Pacific* !
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOOTJHAHBE.
BUFFET BMOKINO AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP. .. 
DOUBLE DRAWING - ROOM SLEEPERS.
■ FREE RECLININO CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY VA DAYS TO CHICAGO, .
Leaves San Francisco daily at • p. a
i, D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2*. 1SB». trains will run as follows^ |
South-bound. North-bound. •
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen.
ear- Sunday Stations..- Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Excptd Dally. :
7:20 am 10:30 am Stookton 3:46 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am] 2:06 pm Merced 11:40 pm 4:13.pn»
10:40 am S:M pm Fn»»no »:Soam 1:42 pm
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:48 am 1:45 pm
2:15 pm" 12:80 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am ill: am
11:59 am 6:25 pm.'' Visalla 8:40 am l:Mpra
11:15 pm 8:53 pm l Tulare • 8.:50 am 1:05 pra
" Btoppine; at intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of stag-e.and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. HI Market
San I'ra^rt««'"
WeeKly Gall $1.00 Der Year
AUCTION SALES.
ABSOLUTE AUCTION
. ... : . OF FINE, RARE, ANTIQUE
TURKISH. ' T\l T S~* C**
PERSIAN \J 111 W
And X I 111
ROYAL IRANS 1 V \J \J fcJ
. BY THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
AT
1:23 GEARY STREET.
TO-DAY (TUESDAY), at 10:30 a. m., and
"-:• . ■. 2:SO p. m.
OOODS NOW ON VIEW.
This direct imoortation is just out of th»
Custom House for this sale, and none of th-3
rugs have been shown in tHe United States be-
fore. • ' • . ' ' •
A- W. LOI'DERBACK, AuctlonPer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■ SOUTH r*cirir CO9irAIVT.
. (rAOino BTBTKM.I
Tr>l>« !••»«« *ml are «ln« !• arrive «•
MAM rKAN(IM<<».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
UiU — . From Deo. 18. 1898. — akbit*
»«.OOa Mies. Sao Jom »nd "VV»y Stations... "Final
■JiCMIa Benlcia, Suisan and Saciumeulo.... B:l3r
TiOOa MarjßTlllo, OroTUlsand Redding tU
Woodland oi4sf
7:00 A. Kln;lr». Vs,caTUle and Ruuisey »:-I3f
7:110 a Martinez, San lUmon, ValUJo, Naya,
O»li»toga and Santa Rosa Oilßr
H:OOa Atlantic Uxpre<s. Ogilvu and Raat.. Si*»F
• iIIOa San Jose, LlTermore, Ktnckton,
lone. Saoraiuouto, Plucarrllle.
M«rj«Tl:lr, Chloo, ltd IHutf • ■*!«»*
HsSOa •Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... *tior
OiOOa Martlnei. Trucy, Latlirop, BtocVton.
Muroed and Fresno Mil
•iOO* Pros no. Uakore 'SkiiU lUrl>ar»,
I.ob Asgsles, Darning, £1 Paao, .
New Orleans and Bast Oz4»r
. lOiOOa Vallejo. MartlneE and Wai Stations ?i«»
lUiOOm NU«s, Ufermore, JHookUSL Macro-
msnto, Mendota. lUuford, VUalla,
Pcrterrille ;..; 4iltr
. MiOOr Sacramento lUrer Stenmersi "SiOOr
«:UUf Martinez, Salt llainm., Vallejo,
Napa, CallBti>Kiv, Santa ltos» »ilO»
4ioop BcDiola, TacaTilte. Hacrninpiito, •
Wouiliand, Kit«liti LaudiiiK. ■
MarjeTillo. Oro»lll«> IO:4tl«.
4tSOp NUes, Ban Jose aud Stockton 7il3s>
' &:OOr San Francisoo and Los Angeles
Limited. Freano, BdJiersneid, Lea
Aaxele* : »»*»^
' BißOr Stockton, Merced. Fresno I*:1S»
*il<tt Maitines. Tricgr. Uendota, Fresno,
MoJaTe, Sauta ITarbara and I.v*
Aitfeles »'«*
I8:00P Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East 19:45*
MiSor rtanta Fh Kmnt. Au»i.ni. . .»iuih>*
for MoJaTe ami Ku( , «|4»»
SiOOr Kiirop«au Mall, ( <l«.. and Taut «'«•} i
Sttilp Haywards, Nfles and San Jose I'fS*
•door Vallejo I»il3r
n>»Or VaUelo, Port Costs, and Way Sta-
Uons tO!«a»
■ •■•Op Oregon KipTesa,Naeraiiieiit<», Maiys-
*llle, lUadhif, Purtlaiul. - Pu|«t '
Bound and Kast Silßa
i slOiOir Sunset Umitrd. Fresno. !.os
Angeles, Xl Paso, New Orleans
: and East , H:W
1 ftA!< LktANDUO ASI» IHTWAKUs MM:.* I..
■ (Foot of Maufcet Street.) .
1 Keironc. Semlnarjr I'ark, ?
SiOOa ritcliliiirx, Klmfmrst, 6itS4
tOiOOA Ran I.«an*ir«, South Mb i«W!in*.
: lO.OOa licauilro, KKtmlillo, ! 55 X
Jllioo* . Lorenio, Cherry "LiS*
8i«op ana li!j2l
• »««•»• llajnard.. c » '*H
7l# i Buns through to Nlles. t^mmm
. ) % From Nile*. - I
tOAST DIVISION (Nurrow tlauge).
• (Foot of Market Street.) _
B«l3A.Neir-ark.CenterTille,SaiiJcHse,Krfton.
Boulder Creek. Oru« and Way
8tatibn«,... ....:.... ••••• Sl3a »
•«jlBp Newark, CeuterTille, San Jose, Hew
I . Almaden, Felton, Roulder Creek,
Banta Orua and Principal Way
Station* M : s?* ■
. 4ilBr Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos. . . OiSOa
1 fllt43i> Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Station? ■ t' s9 **
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i yr*mS&H FRIIICISOO— Foot of lUrkit Btrsst (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 t*'M
•4:00 15:00 *e:OOr.ii. .
frraOtlUlD— F»ol '8:00 8:00 10:00
tM:00 »l:00 t3:00 *3:00 tt:OO 'Mir-**
COAST IM VISION (Broad Uange). "
'■• (Third and Tovrneend 3t<».) —
7«0Oa Sail Joss and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) lt80»
9iooa Man Jose, Ties PJnoa, H»ut;i Cruz.
Paclllo <iio»e, Taai) Rubles, Han
Ijiifi ObisHU, QuadSilupe, Surf and
Principal Way . Stations 4ilO»
lOiIOa Ban . Tom an.l Way Stations »S:OOA
I HiSOa San Jose and Way Stations Bi33*
' m *i49r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, HanJoao. -
Oilroy, Holllater. B&i>ta Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacille
(Irore M0:8«a
•BiS«r Han Jose aud Way Stations •»:«O*
•<il»p .SanJosoan.l Principal W ft y Stations .»i43*.
•3xO«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations Gi'JSa
S>3oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations S:BOp
«:3«p Sau Jose and Way Stations 7:3«p
i fll;48p Ban Jose ami Way Stations ?i3op
A for Morning. . V for Afternoon.
| • Sunday* STcetitnd. ♦ Sundays only ♦ Saturday* only
'■ and Thursdays. a Tuesday* and Saturday*.
| ISaturdars and Wednesdays. 6TJmr!«d:iT«i and Sin.lays
| CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN ET. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACSFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:3J,
1:80,-6:10, 6.-W p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:69
and 11:30 p. m. • ••->— v
ATS— B:OO. 9:», 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. l:S«l
6:00, 6:20 p. ro.
?<A_N RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 1J:«l
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:86 p. m. *; :
BUNDATS— 8:16. 4:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40, !:«,
5:00, 8:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Scbuetsen Park
pains schedule aa above. ■ ■
' Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisoe.
_ 1 October 18. — ■ ■ — —
Week I Bun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. ' Days. Deßtlnatiori. days. ! days.
T:9O am 8:00 am Noveto. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:Soami Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 aim
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:25 pm. 0:22 jug,
" Fulton, • . .
f (SO am . Windsor. 10:25 ax»
Eeaidsburg.
Lytton. "
QevservM«,
! titO pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:Bp>
Ilopiand and
TtW am " Uklah. ■ 7:J5 pm "6:fl pia
't:80 a-m !•:* *»•
8:00 am Ournainrille. 7:86 pm .
1:10 pm ' ■■ . • ' «:12 pra
t:IO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10: mc .8:40 ara "
and - .
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellsnr. -6:10 pm 6:M pm
7:10 am Biooam SebastopoJ. 10 : 40 am 10: 25 am
»iBopm 6:00 ptrsj ■ 7:35 pm I 6-. 22 pa
Stores connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
•prlriirs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
sorriae for Bka*ys Springs; at Clov»rdal« . tot
ihe Geysers; at Hoplan* for Duncan Springe,
HJj-hland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Sprtngß. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
fprings; at Uklah for Vichy Bprlnga Saratoga
prlngs. Blue LaVes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Borings. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Buoknell's,
: Panhedrin Heights, HullTllle. BoonevUle, Orr*«
I Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
i Westport. T sal, Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
BAlris/s! Bell's Sprlnga, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcot'.a and Eureka. • •
Saturday to Monday round . trip tickets at
i reduced rates.
On Sundays . round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. SCO Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
• .General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vln Sausallto Ferry. ■ ■
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O. •3:SO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45,
8:15, 6:15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
'. EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'lO:©©. »11:39 a. m.: n:M»
1:00, "4:30. 6:15 p. m. ;?■>-'• 'vr'-vs?
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO' SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:35. 7:43. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. «J:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, •10:00. ni:6s a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10, 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 5:45. 7:55. »:40 a. ■».;
12:85. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . * ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:Q5. 1:20. 3:20.
1:00. 6:10 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
|:J0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sts/ns.
1:41 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way.
stations. " -♦- :
1:00 a. m. — Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto erry.)
Leave San Franolaoo, commencing Sunday
Sept. 11. 1898: . T""
■ Week Days— 9:3o a. m., I:4* p. m. .■ ■ ■
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:13 o» a.
Round trip from Mill /alley. $1.
• THOS conic * SON, Agents, (21 Market
i atrtat. Ban FnaciK*.
910
YOUNG WIFE
SEEKS DEATH
WITH POISON
Manimco Jealous of
His Friend.
HE RETURNED IN A HURRY
FOUND HIS WIFE CALLING ON A
BOOMER.
to Kill Her, but Dropped
th« Knife When She De
clared That She Wm
Innocent.
Oakland ' Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March. 6.
IClttte 'Manimco wants to die. Her hus
band is jealous of her, and this morning i
took up a knife, threatening to end their j
troubles. The little woman protested her j
Innocence, dared him to strike and he I
threw away the knife. Then she went
home, swallowed half an ounce of sul
phate of zinc and tried to die.
The cause of all the Manimco troubles is |
a mutual friend of the family, Vincent !
Margio, who visited the couple last night
and was invited to stay until morning.'
Early this morning Manimco left his j
home In the Rosalie House and went to :
Jus restaurant in the Sj.. Lawrence House, i
About half an hour later he suddenly re
turned. His own rooms were vacant, and
he heard his wife talking to Margio in
another room. He reached all sorts of |
conclusions, and at once determined that j
eomebody must die.
"I really want to die," said Mrs.
Manimco. who is about 25 years old, "be
cause my husband is unreasonably Jealous !
end accuses me of all sorts of things
without cause. This morning when be
went out 1 got up and dressed and went
to the room Margio occupied. I was talk- j
Ing to him when my husband returned. I
He at once suspected that I was unfaith
ful to him, and without giving me an op- j
potunlty to say a word he went back to
the restaurant. I followed him, and when
I got there he seized me roughly, and, |
raising" a butcher knife, he swore he j
would kill me. I said, "Kill me; I am ■
lnnocenx. " and then he dropped the knife. I
I returned to my room and swallowed the j
poison. 1 felt so bad I wanted my little i
daughter to take some, but she ran down- ;
etairs and told my husband that I had j
taken poison. He tame up. and I was so j
anxious to die that 1 denied taking any I
poison and he believed me and went ,
away. Shortly afterward my daughter
found me on the floor, and then ran for j
eman, who took me to the hospital, j
• been married to Manimco but three !
months, and was a widow when I met
Mrs. Manimco was attended to promptly '
will not die unless she takes more j
poison. Her husband says that a divorce j
only thing that will satisfy him. i
Altogether it wus an unlucky day in the j
restaurant, for while Manimco was up
braiding his wife his chief cook, James F. i
Lane, fell heavily and fractured his thigh,
and he was also taken to the hospital.
It is f.'ared a tragedy will result lrom
the quarrel between Manimco, Margio and
the former's wife, for the Italian colony
has taken a general interest in it, as the
restaurant man is a leading spirit among
his couhtrymen.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A CANDIDATE
DB. J. P. McCABGAB WAS A PBO
HIBITION LEADEB,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway,' March 7.
Dr. J. P. McCargar died suddenly at
his residence this noon. He has been ill
for a few days with erysipelas, but no
one anticipated a fatal result. A few
days ago he was apparently quite well
and attending to business.
Dr. McCargar has been practicing his
profession In Oakland many years, and
has always been an active worker in tem
perance movements. For a long time
he was editor of the Pacific Prohibition
ist, and has frequently been a candidate |
on Prohibition tickets. Four years ago
he was the candidate for Mayor and his
name will be on the ticket to be voted
next Monday as the candidate for City i
Treasurer.
He leaves a widow and six children.
A SECBET MABBIAGE.
Lulu Homeier Only Announced Her
Wedding After Long Delay.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, March 6. ;j
Miss Lulu Homeier, youngest daughter
of Louis Homeier, the well-known musi
cian, formerly leader of the Baldwin The
ater orchestra, stated to-day that she had
been secretly married October 24, 1897, to
George C. Shane of 2714 Sutter street, San
j Francisco. Immediately after divulging
I her secret the young lady disappeared
and her parents are ignorant of her
' ■whereabouts.
f Mrs. HomJtler, the girl's mother, stated
this evening that she knew nothing about
the marriage and was apparently pained
at the strange actions of her daughter.
"Lulu left home Saturday night." said
Mrs. Homeier, "stating that she had se
cured employment at 564 Tenth street,
Oakland. I have not seen her since. The
announcement of her wedding is news to
me and I can hardly believe that it is
true." •
According to the story told by Miss Ho
meier she was married in San Rafael Oc
tober 24, 1897. by a Rev. Mr. Dodge. Imme
diately after the ceremony the bride re
turned to her home in this city and kept
her secret for nearly a year and a half.
Her husband, who is employed as a book
' keeper, returned to his duties. Since then,
it is stated he has been a regular visit
or at the Homeier home, but neither of
the young folks gave the slightest inti
mation that they were married. Miss Ho
meier said the reason for keeping the
marriage a secret, was the fear of paren
tal wrath.
A week after the San Rafael ceremony
Mr. and Mrs. Shane attended a reception
given in Alameda by Dr. Alfred Sander,
who figured prominently in the Roebke-
Green /engagement. For more than two
years previous Miss Homeier and Dr.
Sander had been fast friends and it was
currently reported that they were en
gaged. .
Since the story of the young lady's mar
riage became. public many of her friends
called to mind that she had told them
early in 1898 that she was married, but in
view of the rumor connecting her name
■with that of Dr. Sander they considered
her statements as a joke, hut as they say
in the books, it is no joke when people
really get married.
Batch of Deputy Assessors.
OAKLAND, March 6.— County Assessor
H P Dalton to-day filed a batch of ap
pointments of deputies in view of the
field work for State and county assess
ments being now in order. The appoint
ments are:
H C Dexter, T. C. Stoddard. A. F. Shulte,
Warren Cheney. L. H. Nash, N. Pushle, A. F.
Schweer. J. C. Marsh. J. H. Storey. Phllo
Mills A. K. Aitken, J. W. Travers, T. B. Rus
pell J "W. Boughman, H. W. Martin. •
Warren Cheney and Phllo Mills were also
appointed Deputy County Clerks for registra
tion purposes! William Turner, Deputy Sheriff
without pay. and N. Pushle and J. C. Marsh
I*oll Tax Deputies.
Mrs. Crawford's Death. .
OAKLAND March. Coroner Mehr
mann and a jury Inquired into the death
of Mrs Lucy B. Crawford this evening
and found that death was caused by
shock, due to accidental burns sustained
by the explosion of a coal oil stove at her
home In Fruitvale. Deceased was a na
tive or Massachusetts, aged 49 years.
THE HAND OF
THE LAW ON
COLLECTOR PECK
Santa Cruz Ex-Offi
cial in Trouble.
HE IS CHARGED WITH FELONY
BAID TO HAVE EMBEZZLED PUB
LIC FUNDS.
He Says He Resigned His Office Last
August, Is Innocent and
a Victim of His
Enemies,
ALAMEDA, March 6.— W. E. Peck, ex-
Tax and License Collector for Santa Cruz
County, was arrested here to-night on
warrants charging him with felony em-
bezzlement. The charges are the out
growth of his dealings with Santa Cruz
County and are based on indictments
found by the Grand Jury. Although he
was arrested early in the evening, the
police did everything possible to keep the
matter a secret. Peck has been on a
spree and stopping at a Park street lodg
ing house in company with a woman.
Immediately after Peck was taken into
custody the woman disappeared, and if
the police know anything of her identity
they will not acknowledge it. Peck was
eating his dinner in a local restaurant
in company with his female companion
when Marshal Conrad served the warrant
of arrest.
When Peck was seen in the tanks to
night he said he would not have been in
Alameda if he had not been taken sick
while coming through here on the narrow
gauge train from Saji Jose to San Fran
cisco en route to Santa Cruz, where he
proposed to go to face his accusers. He
would not state why he had not gone di
rectly home from San Jose, that being
the shortest route.
"I am Innocent of any wrong, said the
prisoner, "and the report of the county
expert will show that my accounts were
straight. I resigned my office last August
and remained In Santa Cruz until two
months ago. when I went to Tulare
County on a mining expedition. A\ hile
I was away the Supervisors, who had it in
for me, managed to get the Grand Jury
to indict me on some purely technical
charges. That is all there is to the mat
ter lam not Indebted to Santa Cru*
County one cent and will willingly po
back to face my accusers. The woman I
was with at the time I was arrested is
an Alamedan, but I refuse to give her
name." _ • • _ ...
The Sheriff of Santa Cruz County will
take Peck home to-morrow.
DR. WOOLSEY'S ALLEGATIONS
CONSIDERED UNFOUNDED
HIS OWN EXPERT PROVES HIM
TO BE IN ERROR.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 908 Broadway, March 6.
E. R. Jackson, the artist and photog
rapher who furnished District Attorney
Allen with the photographs of the dead
Lillian Brandes showing minutely every
bruise, mark and discoloration on her
body, was vindicated this afternoon, and
that by F. A. Webster, another photog
rapher, whom Dr. E. H. Woolsey had
called in as an expert.
The allegations made by Dr. Woolsey,
chief expert for the defense in the
Brandes murder trial, to the effect that
the photographs or negatives had been
tampered with, or "doctored," were clear
ly proved to be unfounded, and the pride
of the aged doctor In his self-confidence
and infallibility for accuracy and correct
ness sustained a severe jolt.
.Mr. Webster very carefully scrutinized
the negatives and compared them with
the photographs. When he had concluded
his work he stated that he was unable to
find a blemish or foreign mark on the
negatives, also that the photographs were
good prints from the negatives.
Dr Woolsey was apparent4y not pleased
with the result, and moved to leave the
room but Mr. Jackson intercepted.
"Dr. Woolsey," said the young artist,
"before you go I want you to understand
that your expert, Mr. Webster, has seen
and examined this entire lot of negativ.-s.
a~d has found no blemishes or spots other
than those that should be there. You un
derstand he says that the photos are good
prints from the negatives?"
"Well, that's good— that's good. re
plied Dr. Woolsey, his cheeks flushed with
a sort of what of it blush. "In fact I did
not absolutely claim they were 'doctored.
I guess you exploited that fact in the pa
pers yourself." .
But Artist Jackson would not down and
close "You told me yourself, in the
presence of reporters and witnesses, that
these pictures and negatives were 'doc
tored.' I guess you have forgotten all you
The murder trial will be resumed to
morrow and there is little doubt that the
correctness of the pictures will again be
questioned. Dr. Crowley or Dr. Pratt
will probably be the first witness called
on the part of the defense.
TANNERY IN OAKLAND
BURNED TO THE GROUND
HEAVY LOSS TO J. S. DEBBY &
SONS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 6.
The largre tannery of J. S. Derby & Sons
on East Twelfth street, near Eighteenth
avenue, was completely destroyed by fire
at about 6 o'clock this morning. The ftrra
estimates the total loss on stock. Includ
ing 2000 hides, and plant at $16,000, cov
ered by an insurance of $4000.
The blaze was first discovered by H. H.
Lewis, residing at 1126^ East Fourteenth
street, and he turned in the alarm. When
the fire. apparatus arrived there was .left
but little hope of saving the building, and
most of the Fire Departments attention
was directed with effect to saving the
tannery of Brown & Adams, situated di- j
rectly east of the blaze. A cottage just |
opposite the burning building was
scorched considerably, but was saved by
the chemical engines.
The cause of the fire is thus far un
known There was no one about the place
at the time so far as known, and there
had been no fire in the'furnaces since last
Friday. It is believed, however, that
tramps unintentionally set the place on
fire. , ,  _ ,
Injured by the Local.
OAKLAND, March 6.— John Norton, a
painter, employed by Al Woods, while
driving In a-wagon at the railroad cross
ing near Golden Gate was struck by the
7 o'clock Berkeley local to-night and
severely though not believed fatally, in
jured. He was treated by Dr. Rowe at
the Receiving Hospital and it required
sixteen stitches to sew up his wounds.
His escape from death was miraculous.
His horse was killed and the wagon de
molished.
Injured by a Falling Pole.
ALAMEDA. March 6.— E. Luckhardt. an
employe of the electric light company,
was seriously injured this evening "by the
falling of a pole on which he was engaged
stringing wire. The accident happened
near Kruitvale. Luckhardt v,as near the
top when the pole snapped, throwing him
to the ground and falling across his body.
His wrist and shoulder were dislocated
and it Is feared that he has sustained
Internal injuries. He was brought to the
home of hia brother-in-law, G. A, Weise,
in this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
CANNOT USE HIS
GOOD RIGHT ARM
Fitzsimmons Crippled
Temporarily.
WARNED BY HIS PHYSICIANS
TOLD HE MUST NOT FIGHT, BUT
BEFUSES TO OBEY.
The Champion's Elbow Injured by a
Blow Delivered by Kenney,
His Big Sparring
Partner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 6.— Something is
radically wrong with Robert Fitzsim
mons' right elbow. He cannot Btraight
en his mighty right arm, and when
anybody touches him on the "funny
| bone" the champion groans in agony.
i Two doctors examined Fitzsimmons to
i day, and with the aid of an "X-ray"
made a careful study of the injured
elbow. They told him he needed abso
lute rest for at least two months and
■ warned him against engaging in any
j pugilistic encounters for some time.
When Fitzsimmons heard the verdict
of the medical men he simply said:
"This won't stop me from fighting
I 'Jim' Jeffries. I will go into the ring
i with him if I have only one good hand,
! and I'll win out at that."
I According to Drs. McNamara and
j Sincere the pugilist is suffering from a
i "displacement," or chipping-off of the
i tip of the olecranon process. When
: asked how he hurt it Fitzsimmons said:
"About four months ago I was box
j ing with my sparring partner, big
; 'Yank' Kenney. In blocking one of his
I heavy swings I caught the full force of
I the blow on the point of the right el
bow. It was a funny place to get it.
; but my arm dropped like a shot and
i the pain was something awful. I tried
massages and liniments, and after a
time managed to get the swelling down,
but I haven't been able to straighten
my arm since the accident. When I
try to do it the pain drives me frantic."
It was found a sliver had been
chipped from the bone, which causes an
irritation and constant inflammation of
the muscles.
Class Bush Barely Averted.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 6.—
The sophomore class baseball team to-day
won the second victory by defeating the
freshman nine. The score was 12 to 7.
The sophs will next come up against the
junior team, when the interclass cham
pionship will be decided.
Something of the old-time spirit which
existed in the class organizations before
the rule against rushing was passed was
exhibited by tfie enthusiasts of the root
ing section. Indeed, a mix up occurred
which looked for a time as if it would end
in one of the prohibited rushes. It was
stopped by some cool-headed sophomores,
who realized the consequences of a
mix up.
Coach Sheehan at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 6.—
John F. Sheehan '95 arrived to-day at the
university to coach the Stanford varsity.
He will begin his work to-morrow by put
ting the players through a hard practice
game. Sheehan was coach last year
;ui(l it was in great part to the spirit that
he put into the team that victory came to
the cardinal. George Borchers. pitcher
of the San Jose nine, will asstst Coach
Sheehan twice a week.
Yacht Satanita's Victory.
CANNES. France, March 6.— ln to-day'g
programme of the Cannes international
regatta the race for the Goelet-iiennett
cup for yachts over eighty tons register
was won by Sir Maurice Fitzgerald's
Sattinita.
His Aim Was True.
WOODLAND, March 6.— Fred Ewert
won the gold medal for the best center at
the prize shoot of the Woodland Rifle
Club yesterday.
APPORTIONMENT OF
SECOND LIEUTENANTS
Quotas of Various States and Ter
tories in Accordance With the
Reorganization Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— The War
Department has made an announcement
of the apportionment of 101 second lieu
tenants created by the army reorganiza
tion bill among the various States and
Territories. In addition there are twenty
appointments at large. The apportion
ment is on the basis of population and is
as follows:
Alabama 3, Arkansas 2, California 2,
Colorado 1, Connecticut 2, Delaware 1,
Florida. 1, Georgia 3, Idaho 1, Illinois 4,
Indiana 3, lowa' 3, Kansas 2, Kentucky 3,
Louisiana 2. Maine 1, Maryland 2, Massa
chusetts 3, Michigan 3. Minnesota 2. Mis
sissippi 2, Missouri 4, Montana 1, Nebras
ka 2. Nevada 1, New Hampshire I. New
•Jersey 2. New York 5, North Carolina 3,
I North Dakota 1, Ohio 4. Oregon 1, Perm
! sylvania 5, Rhode Island 1, South Caro
lina 2. South Dakota 1, Tennessee 3, Texas
3, I'tah 1, Vermont 1, Virginia 3, Wash
ington 1, West Virginia 2, Wisconsin 3,
I Wyoming 1. Arizona 1, New Mexico 1,
I Oklahoma 1. District of Columbia 1, at
j large 20.
BUDDE WAS INSANE.
Groundless Bumor That He Was
"Bailroaded" to an Asylum.
STOCKTON, March 6.— The asylum au
thorities here place no credence in the
charges being made in San Francisco that
Merchant Rudde was railroaded into the
j madhouse. They say he was Insane,
i but that he must have had poor care in
! the way of nursing. Dr. Hersholt, who
had charge of Rudde, said to-day:
"The man was registered as 'Rudee'
here. He was insane. He continually
thought he was being persecuted. He was
also delirious. He had two large bed sores
when he came here. This was the fault
of the nurse in the hospital Rudee was
in at San Francisco. I a/lvised his rela
tives who visited him here that he was
• going to die, and telephoned to them
I when he died on Friday. They came up
and got the body the following day, I
think the fight lies between the relatives
on Rudee's side and the relatives on the
side of his wife."
TAKES THE'POPUIAR SIDE.
Stanford's Decision as to the Inter
collegiate Debate.
PALO ALTO. March 6.— The varsity de
bating team decided this evening to sup
port the affirmative of the question se
lected by Berkeley for the intercollegiate
debate. The question is "Resolved. That
the retention of the Philippines by the
United States is against the principles for
which this Government should stand."
Aided Prisoners to Escape.
SANTA CRUZ, March 6.— Robert Alcorn
was given six months in the County Jail
this morning. He was from Bowlder
Creek and was charged with jail break
ing. One night he went to the City Prison
in that town, broke the lock off the door
and allowed some prisoners to escape. On
motion of the District Attorney, the
charge was reduced from felony to mis
demeanor.
Woodland Democrats Caucus.
WOODLAND. March 6.— The Demo
crats of this city caucused this evening
and named delegates for the city con
vention to be held on Wednesday.
MADE SICK BY
THE CANNED BEEF
Regulars Victims of the
Vile Food.
■ ___ — — —
TRIED THE STUFF IN STEWS
FINALLY THE WHOLE COMMAND
BROKE DOWN.
Lieutenant Munson of the Ninth In
fantry Tells How His Men.
Suffered for Lack of
Nourishment.
Special IMepatch to Tha Cail.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— The War
Department Court of Inquiry held a
very brief session to-day, the last be
fore its start for the West, where the
members will inspect the packing
plants of Chicago, Omaha and Kansas
City. There was but one witness ex
amined. Lieutenant Frederick L. Mun
son of the Ninth Infantry. He said that
during his service in Cuba, up to the
surrender of Santiago, his command
had as a meat component of the ration,
bacon and canned roast beef in the pro
portion of about ten days of the former
to fifteen days of the latter. Until the
surrender he received no complaints of
the canned roast beef, but after the
surrender hhs commissary sergeant re
ported to. him that something was mak
ing- the men very sick. They did not
know what it was, but thought it was
something they had eaten. After
eliminating every other fact that they
could think of, they concluded it must
be the canned roast beef.
He ordered the cooks to try fixing up
the meat in stews with hardtack and
tomatoes, but it seemed to make no dif
ference. The men continued sick, and
they then stopped the use of the beef.
On the voyage home they still had
canned roast beef, but the men did not
eat it. He tried to turn it In to the
commissary at Montauk, but the com
missary would not receive it.
"Did you make any report on this?"
asked Colonel Davis.
"No, sir."
"Did it not occur to you that it was
your duty to your command to report
this state of things?" continued Col
onel Davis, rather severely.
"As it appears to me now," said the
witness, very frankly, "I may have
been negligent, but at the time the com
plaint was so general, and there being
absolutely no chance of bettering the
situation, I did not make any formal
report on It."
As to the' refrigerator beef, witness
said the principal objection to it was
that it spoiled before the men received
it. He was obliged to condemn his
whole consignment of refrigerator beef
three times.
The health of the men remained good
until about two weeks before leaving,
when the command broke down all in
a bunch. His command was the head
quarters provost guard, made up of old
and picked men. They were not tne
sort to complain of anything until they
had reached the very limit of endur
ance. Their sickness was almost en
tirely bowel and stomach trouble.
This wound up the taking of testi
mony in Washington and the court ad
journed to meet in Chicago on Thurs
day. ______——_
Yolo Sunday School Convention.
WOODLAND, March 6.— The Yolo
county Sunday School Convention will
meet in Woodland on Tuesday, March 7,
and be In session two days.. Many Inter
esting papers and discussions are on the
programme.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Arthur G. and Alice N. Towne to Lionel
M. Jacobs, lot on S line of Vallejo street. _198
■\V of Van Ness avenue, W SS:3M by S 137:6;
$10
Daniel Buckley to K. Pischel, lot on S line
of California street. 120 W of Franklin, W 73
by S 137:6. quitclaim deed: $5.
Francis T. and Beatrice Shea to Jeremiah F.
Sullivan lot on SW corner of Turk and Stah
van streets, W SO, S 127:6, E B:SVi. NE 99r"' 2
N 64-11- also, lot on SW corner of Thirtieth
avenue and P street, S 600 by W 240; $10.
Hens Madison to Reglna Madison (.wife of
Hans) lot on W line of Mission street, 130
N of Twentieth. N 30 by W 90; gift.
James and Hannah Kltterman to Roger Car
roll, lot on W line of Fair Oaks street, 91 8
of Twenty-third. S 31 by W 11. ;6; $10
Frederick and Elenore H. L. Rank and George
W Dennis to Ida B. Dennis (wife of George
Jr") lot on NW corner o.f Twenty-sixth and
Castro streets. N 26:6 by W 80; $10
Mrs Mary White to Mary Ayer (wife of An
drew) lot on NW line of Clara street, 300
NE of Sixth. NE 25 by NW 80: gift.
John King to Mary King (widow) lot on
NW line of Folspm street, 2d SW of Harriet,
SW 23 by NW 73; gift. -
John Center to George W LMSWeII, lot on
W line of Bryant street, 7o b of Sixteenth,
S 25 by W 100; $10. *
David Dillon to Catherine Dillon, lot on E
line of Vermont street, 23 N of Twenty-fifth
(Tolo), N 25 by E 100; gift.
San Francisco Land Company to Ernest L..
Fischer lot on W line of Eighth avenue, 125
N of California, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Gaillard Stoney to Kate M. btoney, lot on
NW corner of Twenty-second avenue and Cali
fornia street, W 37:6 by N 100; $10.
George B. M. and Alice M. Gray to R. D.
Hunter, lot 17, Gift Map 4; $10.
Edward S. Hall to Bertha M. Hall, lota 350
to 354, same; $200. _:
Joseph F. Leve to Joseph F. Leve Jr. % lot
on X lire of County (Mission) road, 50 N of
Persia avenue, N 23 by E 100, block 3, Ex
ceisior Homestead; gift.
J C. Duncan to P. J. Martin, lot on N line
of Minerva street, 100 W of Plymouth, W 50
by N 125, block S, Railroad Homestead No. 2;
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to John H.
Mellon, lot on N line of Minerva street. 100
W of Plymouth, W 25 by N 125, block S, same;
Same to R. F. Morgan, lot on Nline of
Minerva street, 125 W of Plymouth. W 2a by
N 125, block 8, same; $10.
Alameda County.
Fannie L. Phillips to Hibernla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on S line of Knclnal avenue,
2F,0 W of Walnut street, W 50 by S 140. being
portion of blork H, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda; $li<s.
James B. and Daisy B. Brooks to Wells,
Fargo & Co.. lot on N line of Central avenue,
775 E of High street, E 50 by N 125:6, being
lot 16 Hawley Tract, Alameda; $10.
Mary C. Knowles, Mary F. Lange. Samuel
E. Knowles, Kittle C. Nielson and William A.
Knowles to Edward Staffelbach, lot on E line
of Powers court, 191 S of Railroad avenue,
S 34 by E 100, being lot 20, Powers Tract, Ala
meda: $1300.
E. M. Gibson and Peter Steedman (executors
estate of Jacob Llnklater) to Harriet W.
Blake, lot 1, block Q, Leonard Tract, Berke
ley; $405.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Pauline
M. Cheever, lot on W line of Eighth street,
261. E,r. Sof Charming way. Ssoby W 135. be
ing lotß IS and 14. block 135. Corrected Map,
A very Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Lenore E. Taylor to Charles A. Bailey, lot
on E line of Byron street, 220 S of AllstMi
way, 8 40 by E 120, lot 29, block H, Bryant
Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $5.
V. R. and J. A. Parker to William A. Mc-
Naughton. lot 93. Map of Resubdivision Lots
1 to 11, Baker's subdivision of lot 1, Yoakum
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $100.
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P.
A. J'rather to John Livingston, lot on N line
of Jayne avenue, 185.24 E of Lee street, E 65
by N 125, block 5, subdivision 1, Adams Point
property, Oakland; $6000.
Lillie A. Snyder tn R. J. Montgomery, lot
on N line of Forty-third street, 190 E of Lin
den. E 100 by N 100, being lots 27 and 2S,
block 2097. Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland;
$10.
William M. Taylnr to Martha L. Taylor, lot
on E line of Linden street, 95:6 N of West
Twelfth. N 4S by E 125, block D, Map of
Central Park Homestead Association, Oaklan.l ;
gift.
H. J. Goetzmann, Marion Biggs Jr., J. F.
Lacoste, Frank MeGowan and J. S. Reid (by
commissioner) to San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association, lots 18 to 22 except
the E 20 feet cf lot 22, resubdl vision block D,
Carrison Tract, Oakland; $1916.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Charles Aull, lot 30, in plot 13, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township: $1.
W. M. Taylor to Martha L. Taylor, lot on
E line of Warring street. *co H of Charming
way. N 100 by E ISO, Berkeley; gift.
Edward P. and Rowena Heatd to Susan E.
Plymire, lot on SE line of Rutherford avenue,
104:10 NE of Sherman street. NE 3S by SE 110.
being lot K. block 8, King Tract, Brooklyn
Township: tisoo.
Leye Locke to Wing Hlng Goon, lot on S
line of Spencer street, 50 E of Rose. E ZG by
S 100, being lot 3 block 29, Resubdivision Town
site of Fitchburg, Brooklyn Township; $10:
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Robinson. Seattle i B Meyer &w. Cal
G R Kennedy, Chico !F Powers, Cal
T Dairden. Danville 'D D Hfbbron, Cal
Mrs S A nailoy. l"tah B F Brutton & -w, XT
, W G Van Horn*. Utah 1? Barnar & w. London
L A Falck, Cal W F Price, Cal
C Fisher. Cal 1 J McMlnn Jr. Cal
B Mlersen, Cal XI Cohn. L Ang
A Flhush. Oakland M Grimm, Cal
i X J Crane, Oal L Grun, Petaluma
F"W Stackpole, Cal Miss W A Mcßride.
B Bleyman, Cal Etna
J HiFsch. Cal |M V Burn?, S Jose
A A de Ligne, Sacto | F M Haisehett, Cal
G F Page. 11l i T R Parker. Cal
C S Jackson, Portland' E Hudson, Lakeport
A S Kiley, NY <> Charles, Sea View
J H Spam. Cal Mm M E Meigs, Cal
X P Drew. 11l Miss L H Melgs. Cal
F, T Maizy, 111 A S Gamblee, N V
Miss Allen, 111 G Siebold, St Louis
F M Martin, Cal | R Stevens, Los Ang
Mrs II Curry, Cal I W D Buckley. Stocktn
D E Barton. Cal P Musto. Stockton
Dr C N Kellogg, Cal ! E M Pate. Stockton •
H McMurchy, NY I G William & w, Cal
H H "Wright, Cal B M Brown & w. Cal
A G Wilson, Cal | W J Bishop. Mo
M fc. DurDln, Cal | Mrs M L Durbin, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Beatlc?, Rait Lake'F Rayner, England
! Mrs Beatie. Rait Lake 'Mrs F Rayner. Boston
G H Matson. Ogden JC, Barrison. L Ang
' T D Dee. Ogden L J Christopher, L An
C A Hale. Boston J Ludes, Chgo
Mrs C A Hale. Boston \r D Snede^ker. N J
H W Aldis. N V Mrs Snedecker. N J
: J H Morris. Or Mrs F Hinckley, S Jse
i B Reinhart. Chgo 0 X Ulsomoiya, Japan
i Mrs B Relnhrat. Chgo G D Ringlands, lowa
\V A I^auib, I'hKO Mr? RlnKlands. lowa
' R E Jack. S L Oblspo Mies J Ringlands, la
B F Warnock, <"hgo ,A J Smith & w. N V
E L Wlckurre, Chgo ;H G Hupful Jr. N T
j Mrs Wlckurre. Chgo W Dickinson & w.Chg
i D Stevenson. NY ON Jacobl. Pa
Mrs Stevenson. NY E Milner, Boston
J P Reynolds & w.Chpr Mrs X Milner. Boston
A Bettens. Byron Sprg'J F Kilby. Ohio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I R W Gates, Chicago, W J Stewart, N V
G Andrews. Vallejo M Julien, N V
J Phillips Stockton Miss M Thomas, Cal
J Matson. San Diego G Landell, Colorado
C J Freeman, Visalla : P J Thorell. Colorado
! J Anderson. Suisun | C Shuberg, Los Ang
C E Best, Colorado : J F Davidson, Butte
i G Mason, Boston C L Brennan, Tacoma
Mrs L R Merg. Utah I H Graham, Riverside
! G Wucher, Truckee I
Late shipping intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 6.
Schr Fortuna, Rosich, 48 hours from Eureka.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 30 hours from
Schr S La°Chilena, Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 86 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield. S5 hours from
Tacoma.
SAILED.
Monday, March 6.
Stmr Newburs. Hansen, for Grays Harbor.
■ TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NAPLES— SaiIed March 4— Stmr California,
°HAMBURG— March 6— Stmr Palatia,
ta t* "^ p w V o nlc
ROTTERDAM— March Stmr Maas
dam from New York.
ANTWERP— March 6— Stmr Noord-
SlBR ALTAR— Arrived March ft-Stmr Ems,
GIBRALTAR— Arrived March 6— Stmr Lms,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March &— Stmr Belgen
land, from Philadelphia.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
! BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
I Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
i until 12 o'clock even' night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 l*rk!n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A M — •
Will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- J\-
ING, March 7. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated ILJ\
meeting. By order of the H. P. /*W
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. ■
M.-Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY ) l\^
EVENING. March 7. at 7:"0 o'clock. TKjr
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. '^_
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy st.— Stated meeting THIS
EVENING, 7:30 .p. m.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, -__^_^_
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting and work THIb _#%_
(TUESDAY) A EVEN H NG. at R 8 D> o clock, ftfr
! MAGNOLIA I-K-lge &* M C?. I. O. .^c&m&it,
O F— lnitiation THIS |T1 Eb "^Sßfe
DAY) EVENING. Members of ~^%B&£^
lodge and order please attend. "
J. DEAS, Noble -Grand.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary. _
NATIONAL Union— Call- yg^l'JLkML »>.
fornla Council No. 530 '^wCl^^Sk
meets to-night at Elks' '* "' 'Ufc
Hall. 223 Sutter st.
1 ANNUAL meeting— The regular animal
meeting of the stockholders in the A. ;
O. F. Hall Association of San Fran- Jo\
Cisco will be held in Excelsior Hall, A. fc_j
O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 11th day of
March. 1899, at 7:30 p. m.
J. H. HORWOOD, President.
J. • FALCONER, Secretary. .
MASTER MARINERS' Benevolent -
Association—Special meeting to be '\ *~^S»
held at hall. 320 Post St., WEDNES- :JvJ>fs»,
DAT, March 8, at 12 m. All mem- — - -- k **
bers are requested to be present, for the pur-
pose of attending thr funeral of our deceased
brother, HANS MADISON. By order of the
President. L. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec.
'A. O. H. Division No. 2 — The regular %-d*f^>
• monthly meeting of this division will YAwjf
be held at Hibernla Hall. 120 Ninth %>A*
St.. on TUESDAY. March 7, 1599, atc^^"!
7:30 p. m. Members are earnestly #"^sb
requested to attend, as business of import-
ance will be transacted.
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
BRICKLAYERS' International Union— Cali-
fornia No. 1 meets at 1159 Mission st. first and
third Mondays In month.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from D. M. .Butterfleld, In the Santa
Cruz .placer mine, near Qulncy, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a worke.d-out
pit: from the lions: Fat Company, in ■ the
>oherty mine, at Howland ■ Flat, Sierra
! County, to deposit tailings in the east branch
of Slate Creek; from Sam Ahtye. in the Span-
ish Flat mine, near La Porte, Plumas County,-
to deposit tailings In worked-out pits, and
from J. D. Wetmore and Martin Tufford. in
the Dry Creek mine, near Brownsville, Tuba
■ County, to deposit tailings In Dry Creek, gives ■
notice that a meeting will be hold at room 55.
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on March
20, 1899, at 1:30 p. m. ■_
THE Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
will not be responsible for any moneys col-
lected by PATRICK ROGERS, our ex-secre-
tary and business manager of said corpora-
tion, since February 14, 1599.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1 (30 rents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on ■ and after
March 10. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
March 4, 1599. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT, competent Swedish girl desires situa-
tion; good, cook and houseworker: Oakland
■ preferred; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation; 2*£
• years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter at. ■ •
COMPETENT middle-aged American woman
desires, situation In widower's family with
■ small children; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Hut tor st.
. { , — , _ ,_
REFINED young woman desires situation as
companion to invalid lady; willing to travel;
best reference: city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■ ,
SWEDISH cook, best, of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
SITUATIONS . \V Continued.
YOUNG nursegirl $10 to $12; also young _£lrl
to assist housework, $10. MRS, NORTON,
313 Sutter St. ' ■
WOMAN wishes work by the day; understands
all kinds of work. CaU or telephone MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
YOUNG woman with two children, ages 5 and
10 wishes place; wages no object; good cook.
Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
LADIES requiring trained medical nurse .by
hour or day, good rubber or hair brasher or
anything that may be required; terms reason-
able. NURSE, 449 Guerrero st.
POSITION wanted by widow of experience,
• age 35 to travel as useful companion
to lady; fond of children; needlewoman; ac-
customed to sea; first class; or as house-
keeper. 8., 449 Guerrero st. __. j
GOOD German cook just arrived from New
York wants a situation. 1903 Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman, first-class
cook, clean and careful, wishes position, good
home, small wages; reference. 331 Bryant st.
COMPETENT American cook— Can do French
style in all branches; no objection to wash-
ing; go short distance in country. 1024 How-
ard, room 3. "
YOUNG girt wants housework in. American
family: no postals. Call or address 3902 Twen-
ty-fourth, corner Sanchez.
A WOMAN would like work of any kind two
or three days a week. Apply 1103 Stevenson
St., rear. • -
GERMAN girl. 17, wishes place, to do house-
work and assist plain cooking; sleep home.
Call o raddress 253 Tehama.
EXPERIENCED girl would . like to do cham-
ber or laundry work. Call 167V4 Clara st.
TWO Swedish girls wish positions cook and
chambermaid: good city references. Address
• 132 Church St.
YOUNG woman recently from the East wants,
a position as maid and seamstress. Address
511 Olive avenue.
SITUATION wanted by Protestant woman:
. good plain cook and washer; low wages; city
or country. Call at 230 Minna st. ___
YOUNG girl would like place as chambermaid
or plain laundress in private family. Ad-
dress box-30S. Call. '
RESPECTABLE willing young lady, employed
during day would like to make herself useful
mornings and evenings in exchange for room
and board. Address N. box 307, Call.
A RELIABLE woman to do general housework;
is a good • cook; will work for moderate
wages; city or country. No. 10 Stockton
place, off Grant aye.
A REFINED American elderly woman, good
plain cook, desires light place in small fam-
ily. 2529 Bryant st. _____
HOUSEKEEPER— German wom-
an wishes position in country. 348 Third st.
GOOD tailoress wishes work with tailor; no ob-
jection to short distance in country. 1241V4
Market, room IS.
YOUNG Swedish girl, good coook, wishes sit-
uation cooking or housework: 3 years' refer-
ence. 631 Larklri st, ; tel. Sutter 52.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
cleaning or any kind of work. 1875 Mission.
WANTED— By elderly American woman, light
■ housework; good cook; small wages. E. F.,
625 Chestnut St.. Oakland.
GERMAN woman would like work by day
washing and cleaning. 326 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by responsible woman to
do general housework and cooking in small
family. 512 Jessie.
WAITRESS and chambermaid having good
references wants steady position in hotel.
Address box 348. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position, city or
country. Address Cook. .929 Pine st.
POSITION as housekeeper, city or country;
best references. Call or address 325 Eddy St.;
call from 10 to 5. ■ . '
' FIRST-CLASS German cook; English, French
and Hungarian; all first-class pastry; first-
class hotel; references. 242 Natoma. |
GIRL wants place to do housework in city or
; would go to Oakland: references. Call M.
KENNEY, 257 Stevenson. ;
YOUNG Swedish girl wants general house- ,
work: is a good plain cook and laundress; in I
nice American family; wages $20. CaU 823
Folsom st. ____^ ■ .
SITUATION wanted by infants' nurse; refer-
ences if required.- 282% Natoma. '.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman desires po-
sition as working housekeeper; light work i
and low wages: good references. Apply for i
two days 747 Howard st. '-.--- I
COMPETENT cook desires a situation; best of
reference. 316 Sutter st. . 1
THOROUGHLY competent working house-
keeper wishes situation; best of references,
Call at 2136 Howard st. No postals.
NEAT, respectable girl, 18, as second girl or
companion to lady. Box 1781, Call office.
AN experienced nurse would like • position to
care for invalid. Apply 929 Pine, or box 1808,
Call office. '
YOUNG girl, Scandinavian, wishes general j
housework; city or Oakland: wages $15. ■ Call i
or address 314 Preclta aye., near Folsom st.
REFINED widow wishes working housekeep-
er's position: city or country. Box 446. Call. |
WORK wanted by lady who understands real
estate and insurance business; also bookkeep-
ing for both. Call at 209 Eleventh st.
i WANT.ED— Position . by young lady as . book-
keeper or copyist. Address 122 S. Commerce
it., Stockton. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
i i
SWEDISH boy wishes work private family, ho-
tel or laundry. MRS. NORTON. Swedish and
German Employment Bureau. 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offtce;
best help. . 414& O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
GERMAN, 27 years old. offers his services as
accountant; -speaks and writes Spanish and
English; 7 years abroad; best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 30« Call office.
YOUNG man having experience as general
ranch hand, thoroughly understands care of
stock, good references, wants position. Ad-
dress box 351, Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector by respectable
young man living with parents; best refer-
ences. Address H. N. __, 431 Larkin st.
WANTED— by first-class butler in
private family; excellent city and New York
City references. Please call or address MIL-
TON, 576 Sutter St.. basement door.
YOUNG man, competent bookkeeper, good pen-
man and quick at figures, wants a position
in a business house; wages moderate; refer-
ences. Box 4843, Call office, Oakland. -.>T-1
JAPANESE wishes a situation as dishwasher,
$20 per month. Box 335, Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class waiter and cook, wants
work in small family; good reference. Call
or address J. X., '1001 Buchanan st.
OYSTER man wishes position in oyster house
or grotto; can open and cook oysters; wait
at table if required. Address H. F., 614.
•Central aye., near Hayes st.
GARDENER, practical. Scotch, wants charge
of private estate; understands all branches of
greenhouse and outdoor work; no horses. or
cows wanted: best of recommendation; 6 years
In last situation; married. Call or address Y.
M. C. A. ■ "
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; un-
derstands English, French, Italian and Ger-
man cooking: strictly honest and reliable.
. Address C. A. ROSEN, 10^ Eighth ft.
GARDENER. German, honest, sober and indus-
• trious, good ref.; careful driver; milk and
work around private family: very handy; city
or Oakland. Address box 344, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind In the
morn-ing for 2 or 3 hours per day In city.
Apply to DR. CHAS. FONG, 813% Sacra-
mento st.
YOUNG man desires a situation; 5- years' expe-
rience as stenographer, typewriter, clerk and
accountant; best references. Address J. J.
O'L.. box 363. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $1
.week: convenient and respectable; fre« 'bos
and haggwgf to' and from firry.
HELP ANTED FEMALE.
NEAT girl to assist light second work $10 Der
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
COLORED chambermaid, waitress, $15 ncr
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $15 per month; chambermaid. $15-
-cook, $30; second girl. $25, same house. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $35 per month
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. _ Ul
REFINED middle-aged woman as housekeep-
er. $12 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
S f2 < s°Smte r lr st ° OUntry> $23. MISS CULLEN,
3J5 Sutter st. .-.
N LgN E '32VSr ,y"- Old - $15 - MI3S CUL -
TWO waitresses, private families. $25 . per
month each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C ? AMBERMAID and waitress. Boulder Creek"
ter st 6 Party here ' MISS CULLEN > 3 5 Sut-
-10 GIRLS for housework, city and country $20
and $k,; German chambermaid. $20; wait-
resses country hotels. $20; governess^ coun-
try. $20. MURRAY- & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
ln^ T Box^sT Can unde "* machtneTiw^
HELP WASTED-Continneil.
"C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1«5"
.!.rr..T:^... HOTEL ORDERS
2 waitresses, first-class country hotel, $25,
fare advanced; 3 waitresses, country hotels.
$20; 2 waitresses, city, $20; restaurant wait-
ress, no night or Sunday work week: J
chambermaids^wait. W^^™^ «
Scandinavian, house girl. San Rafael $25 to
$30. see party here; German cook. 2 In fam-
ily San. Rafael, $25; Scandinavian girl Mo-
desto. $20. see lady here; second girl and
seamstress for Alameda. $20; second girl. So-
■ nora $15, see lady here; second girl, Stock-
ton, $15, see lady here: and many cooks and
house girls, city. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN
x & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOUR restaurant waitresses. $5 week; cook
small hotel. $25: assistant cook, $20; and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and parlor • maid. $25; laundress,
and chambermaid. $25; 5 second girls. $-0; ; 4
cooks in American and German families, $2o
and $30; cook, and second girl, same house,
$23 and $20; girls for housework— Santa Rosa
$20. Hollister $20. Alameda $20 Oakland $20.
and city $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Butter st. ;
SECOND girl. $25. country; second girl, city.
$20; houseglrl, $25: nursegirl, $20; young girt
to assist, $12; boarding house cook. $20; cook,
small hotel. $20: country cook, $2a. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking; pay.
MISS JOHNSTON, 560 Sutter st.
WANTED— cloak hands at E. MESSA-
GER'S Cloak Store. 145 Post st.
WANTED— FemaIe operators on automatic
machine. Call 411 Market st: ; top floor.
FINISHER on custom shirts. 229 Kearny st.
MACHINE operators at B. BLUMENTHAIi
& CO/S. IS and 20 Battery st.
GIRL for housework, wages $10. Apply 8121
. Twenty-first, after 12. '
GIRL to do light housework. 2131 Post st.
FOR city; lady or gentleman; good profits;
also agent every county. R. 4-408 Cal. . st.
GIRL for general housework; sleep home;
American family preferred. New Arlington,
1015 Market St., room 16.
YOUNG girl to care for 2 children. Call after
10. 8208 Geary. [ .
NEAT young girl to mind baby; good home.
219 Leavenworth st. . *
GOOD restaurant waitress. 313 O'Farrell et.
NEAT experienced girl to assist general house-
work. 1111 Post St..
WANTED— Young skirt hand. Apply 2302 How-
ard st. ' .
GIRL for housework, *8. Apply 1430 Leaven-
worth st.
GIRL for light housework; wages moderate.
1004% Dolores, cor. Twenty-third; morning.
WANTED — on custom coats; steady
work. 568 Minna st. • .•
FINISHER wanted pn custom coats and but-
tonholes. 123 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on custom
coat?. 927 Market St., room 026.
3 COOKS, $25; chambermaid, $20; waitress, $25;
nurse girl. $15: several others. 631 Larkin st.
YOUNG woman from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. for
general housework and plain sewing. 1. I*.,
box 4, Call office.
STRONG young woman for housework; wages
$12 to $15. 1158 Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED pants operator; steady work.
55 Third St.; old number 31.
FINISHER on custom coats; must be good
buttonhole maker. Call at once 506 Eighth
St., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and ODerators on cus-
tom coats and apprentice bo». 628 Howard.
'■ EXPERIENCED proofreader; must Bet, make
' up. etc. 543 Clay st.
GOOD finisher wanted on coats. Apply at 1S«
Shipley st. • ' '
| FINISHERS and -apprentices on custom pants.
541 Market St. •
WANTED — Experienced shirt operators: best
prices; steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO.. 535 Market st. .
RESPECTABLE girl for housekeeping; family
of 2; $6 00. Call at 368 Fell st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics la
the country; good salary. Apply between
IP and 18 a m.. 40 Geary st.
HELP WANTED MaLE^
MURRAY & READY ..Phone Main 5548
Leading ■ Employment and Labor Agents.
Want to-day ,
10 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $25, $20
and $15 per month; 3 choremen. $8 and $10
and found; 2 stablemen. »clty; 56 tiemakers;
56 woodchoppers, different places. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NIGHT cook, $35; 5 cooks, $30 to $45; 3 dish-
washers, $25 and $15: 4 waiters, $25 and $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
■ ENGINEER. $37 50 and found, for a ranch
machine; blacksmith. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st;
DRY GOODS clerk, $50, country, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BARTENDER, country hotel, $30 and found.
; MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
! GARDENER, private • family, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
! C. R. HANSEN. & CO Phone Grant 185
Blacksmith for a railroad camp; blacksmith,
country shop, $35 and found, see . boss here;
2 more miners, $2 50 a day; all-round painter
and paperhanger, country, $2 50 a day; ex-
perienced man to graft vines, $1 25 a day;
Scandinavian driver for a milk wagon, $30
and found; stableman, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. : '
CAMP cook for a railroad camp, $50; waiter,
country hotel, $25; waiter, restaurant, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 COLORED waiters, same country hotel, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 more' miners, $2 50 day and $40
month and board; carpenter for cannery, $35
and board: 5 laborers for city, $1 and board;
men to chop and clear land. Apply to J. 7.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel, $65;
cook for camp, $35; restaurant waiters: stew-
ard, $12 week; boy to assist in restaurant. $8
month; and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
— Gardener for a nursery, $25: gar-
dener and take care of horses, $25; gardener,
Sonoma Co., $30; shirt ironer, country, $30; 2
dishwashers, $20 and $25; errand boy, $2 50 a
week'; butler, $40; second butler, $30; etc.
ANDRE'S. 318 Stockton st.
UNDERPRESSER on custom pants. 541 Mar-
ket st. • ' •
NEAT small boy for law office; $2 per week.
Address box 397, CaU.
WANTED — man, experienced cutter
with knife. , Call 411 Market St.; top floor. .
MAN to work In lodging house, room, board
and laundry; no wages. 5 Market st.
WANTED— at E. MESSAGER'S.
145 Post st. - .. . ■ .
MAN and wife for Ocean Side House; reliable;
must have references. Ocean boulevard.
WAITER wanted for lunch counter; $20 and
found the first and $25 the following month.
C. WALLSTAB, Wadsworth, Kpv! .
GOOD coat maker. THOMAS E. KENT, 121
Post st. " -
WANTED— Young man who can sew and press
at tailoring. 117 Leidesdorff st.
WANTED— A man to wash dishes. 1923 Fill-
more st. . ■ •
WANTED— Operator on ladies' tailoring who
understands' hand sewing. 16 Turk st.
ELDERLY man to cook for 2 or 3 men; wages
$5 per month. " 500 Haight.
YOUNG man for nursery work and florist
business. 500 Haight.
WANTED— bright errand boy. Call at 8
a. m. at St. Ann's building, room 115.
YOUNG man to take charge of cellar in crock-
ery store. 108 Sixth; call bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts. ; open Sundays.
RECRUITS wanted for the- United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of v the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of. good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information,
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A young man to assist In restaur-
. ant. Apply at "The Louvre." San Rafael.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth st. ; $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect nt guarnt'd.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. ■ 350
to 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CLEAN, cozy, comfortable and convenient. The
Philadelphia. 421 Bush St., opp. California
Theater; always open; transients; nuf sed.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large •
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
{ m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1134,nELf \v Continued.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
_to_3ocj_si_to_Wjper week.
; 20 MEN to go un whaling cruise; no experl-
•• _J___;___ quired - HERMAN' 8. 26 Steuart st.
- ' WANTED— 20 pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero st.
■ WANTED— At Montana House, 764 Vi Mission
St., men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and 2."> c per
".!■ _ n 'Kht: 60c. We and $1 per week.
; .* . BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
V.. »lee, J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec. 825 Grant ay.
J: WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
• .. -$3 at 1542 Market st.
J-. MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
■-• - Barber College, ■ 13S& , Eighth st.
- SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.'
Llnoell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE Hous,., 106\i Thfrd~^~Furnished
■ -rooms. 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng. 3oc; only one price. 923 Howard st.
'. SINGLE rooms, 15c ;c>c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 'per wk. Elcho House, 863% -Market st.
■ SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
'______■' EU>4 Davis st., near Jaokson.*
. WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme Hou?.\ 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
■.. for a room; 250 a night; $1 a week.
" ;. "WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., Viea' Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 2.V night; reading room; free
-. '. 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED."
WORK for ladles and gentlemen; big profits;
small Investment. 101% Grant, aye., room 3. j
FEW pood canvassers; business trade; profits
** 10 ° Per. cent.*B «o6 ; Montgomery st . room 14.
■ CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre best
25c article on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
BE wise and get in while the proposition is
■ ■ new and make good money. IS3 Seventh ft.
__T"_T*""— —^T*~ ~"— ' *■ . .. ._ _ .'._
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wasted in a patent.
WATERSTREET. 1037 Post st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Modern unfurnished house of 8 or
9 rooms in Western Addition; on sunny Fide;
references. Apply. ;7'^ Call office. •
d__^?__^f"— '—*'—*■*—^^^——
LODGING HOITSI^S FOR SALE.
IS- ROOM HOUSE-
■ $2;>o CASH; BAL. $10 PER MONTH.
' 6-room Rat; down town $300
. . ■ 10-ROOM HOUSE: NEW FURNITURE.
• 60-room corner house; clears $300 $2,000
2S-room house: clears $150 650
45 rooms; corner; clears $250 1.500 i
10 rooms; near City Ha!!; very pood 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500 '
12. rooms on Market: cxc. for large house. 500 ',
2$ rooms: best cor. In city; owner sick.. 2,200
IS rooms; rent $50 (transient): half cash. 1.050
:.. FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
V call on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
a KREDO _ CO. — 22J_~Geary
.-.": ...Money advanced on all houses.
r. • 46 ms; Market St.: clears $150 $1300
; -J : "-'. 35 rooms: south of Market; transient. .<. 1100
..-'. ... '28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 SOO ;
:■■/. 24 rooms; Geary, near Plaza SOO I
".. a rooms; Market; always full 1200 !
"'.■•.-. IS rooms; Third st. ; clears $75 550 ;
"•••;-■ \l7 rooms; Stockton; new and good 1150 j
■'■•'•. 11 rooms; nicely furnished: clears $30 200 |
'. .'J.. ' 9 rooms: elegant home; all new 600 i
■' "' : 8 rooms; flat; cheap rent 500
■■■'': I Call and get list KREDO.
"■ OVER 40 houses, north and south of Market
'•.•'.:• St.. from $275 to $4000; you have your choice; j
-.--;- call and get a list: they are O. K. THE '
, -■- '•..'GERMAN-AMERICAN. 112 Kearny St.
6. ROOMS and bath: newly furnished; very de-
•'•'riraWe location: selling very cheap on account
' pf sickness. Apply LESS. 765 Market st.
LODGING houses, saloons ai*l cigar stores in
all parts of city; all prices. NATIONAL
. . .'-AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
-. $325— LODGING house: 17 rooms: sold at sac-
, -fiflce. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. ::: Market st.
• $350— SNAP; 35-room house; central: all rented;
rent $50 month. BASILB. 873% Market st.
$175— 81G bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
-. Jones st.
SPLENDID bargain ; 9 furnished rooms, all
. . pled; must sell; going East. 259 Steven-
■
FOR SALE— Lodging house in Stockton; 30
rooms: i bargain. Address S. J. KINNEY,
•32S Main St., Stockton. Cal.
•. --RESTAURANT and lodging-house for sale in
, "•■;: country. Apply at Call office.
•"CORNER; very good location: with 30 rooms; 1
floor well furnished. Box 399. Call office.
SIXTH. 420— Good -pay ing lodging house; 28
••' rooms. Apply after 6p. m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
. 4- ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
.V.- -7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
;' : FOR SALE— MIM ELLANEOI S.
' '•BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
• ■".• INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
•=fOR SALE— Cheap, \ bedsteads, matresses
("and window shades; nearly new. 17 Powell
st y Upstairs.
V FES— All sizes new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
FOR sale, cheap; saloon SE. corner Jackson
and Drumm st«.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
■ linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur- ]
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland, Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders rheumatism :sampl ; write.
PULL bred St. Bernard dog for sale; 2 years
old; good watch dog and gentle. Call 2251
Mission st.
" GAS and gasoline engines: all sizes and
prices- second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 Cal. St.
A. BEAUTIFUL pair diamond screws for $27,
worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
= •-. ASHMAN & BURKE 133 Beale.st.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
:•■• .portable forge. Call at once 64S Mission St.
. " "'OVERSTOCK- St. Germain Billiard Co. ; tables,
"•..:•.•: saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
'•"SMALL engine and dynamo, lighting purposes;
°• , ■ 40-light capacity. White, 514-516-518 Mission. j
•' -.GASOLINE engines— l horsepower $100; 2. $125; i
■•:■■ '3, H5O; 4, $175. SMITH CO., 5.7 Mission Ft.
• LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups.
: etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission st ; tel. Br. 331. ,
;'POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will !
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt :
_ Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
~ ~ SEWING machi.es.
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine (supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 4a.
' ALL kinds bought, sold. « c *} B e i rented; re-
. . " . pairir.g at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
DENTISTS. ' '
°'' T)r""t's~hTgGlNS' Dental Parlors,
V Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
'• Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
• ' work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
I crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the Electro Dental Clinic, &08 Market Ft.,
room 7 Flood building, you can have your
extract ons done wiiniessly; teeth without
pUtes our specialty: sold crowns $3 50 up.
?, _te» extraction free. $4 50 up; office hours.
5 » m to 10 !• m.; Sunday, !• to 'I p. m. G.
w W^LJ^AMSON^J^D., Manager.
A FULL net of teeth, $5; see new flexible
elate, light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
t^eth without pl»te,. crown and bridge work
our sneclaUy; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 00. all
'ainless and warranted. Chicago Den-
r 0 l Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farre'll st. ex-
- D £_ctsoV fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
Jii K wrpt method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4.
• ■ gigs flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
jjrizes : no students;. guaranteed 1Z years.
•i ™£n H $r^wr?l: «S!SjflS£a
.. • warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
/ Parlor?. 8 Mason St.. corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
'-' -work- lowest prices; ten operators: open
• «venlngs and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
' DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st . near
-Seventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
• BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
LOWEST price, In S. F. ; painless extraction
'guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
•PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
, {4; filling, gold. :'oc: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
' PHYSICIANS.
. .MRs!~DRsT^ON6vAN. €21 Hayes St.; all
i " kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
! " of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
'. ••' •nd residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
IS paces. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BUSINESS CHANCES. [
$300— BRANCtr~h_kery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20; on McAllister st.; daily receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG. MM Market st. __
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab- j
lished, many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; beet location; close to California on
Kearny st. ; rent low. Particulars WILKE & ■
UNFUG. 906 Market ft. ■ '•
A— S2OOO— BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; owner compelled by
sickness to retire. Particulars \\ ILKE _
UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— —SALOON on Stockton and Market sts. ;
established many years 'and first-class; pay-
ing; 3 years' lease; an excellent opening;
sickness cause of sale. WILKE & LNFL _.
&06 Market st. :
A— sl2oo- ATTENTION, doctors! A private dis-
pensary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established many years; the
best paying in California; diseases of mon ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898, $41J1; proprietor to
retiie to private life. Particulars \VILK_ &
UNFUG, Sob Market st.
A— sl6oo; OLD established corner grocery and
bar: 4 doors off Powell st.; clearing $100 per
month; rent $60; return rent $SS; a splendid
offer; owner to take charge of his ranch.
WILKE & UNFUG, &0S Market st.
A— (860- CORNER grocery and bar on Market
Bt.; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying: all cash custom; a splendid
bargain. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG, 806
Market Ft.
A $1500; CORNER grocery and bar on Post St.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busl-
I ness. Call on \\ _L__B & UNFUG, »08 Market.
$400; SALOON; kept by present ' owner 5
years and doing a good business: best loca-
tion; close to Montgomery and California «Ul;
owner sick; must sacrifice. WILK_ _ UN-
FUG. 906 Market Bt. _ j '
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale is made.
We have several good buyers.
Wanted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted— Boarding stable.
Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A— s7s; OYSTER stand: $10 a week clear. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
PARTNER, manufacturing business; $25
a week. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$850— PARTNER; great investment; $30 day
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary Bt.
$1700— PARTNER, livery business; office work;
$300 a month clear; value in stock. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$300— SMALL business for lady; good living.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$400— SALOON; $8 clear a day: sickness. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
GROCERY and« bar; a snap; sickness.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary .^t. _^
RESTAURANT; high class trade; good lo-
cation; sell on account of death. Western In-
vestment Co., 9 Geary st. t
$1000— BAZAAR, stationery and notion busi-
ness; good part north of Market St.; living
rooms; rent only $20; full value in stock and
fixtures; paying concern; proof; seller; there 9
years; sickness in family cause sale. M.
LESS. 765 Market st
$2000—60 ACRES improved first-class fruit and
grain land, best county of State; actually
worth $^500; satisfactory reasons for sale.
LESS, 76,", Market St.
$2000— MARKET st. saloon; vicinity Phelan
building; old established and popular resort;
Al place; look into it. M. LESS. 765 Market.
WE buy, sell, exchange any business for cash;
rare chances; Investigate. 41 Third St., r. 5.
$300— RESTAURANT; established several years;
worth double; a bargain. 41 Third St., room 5.
PARTNER wanted; office business; small capi-
tal required; investigate. Reliable Exchange,
41 Third St., room 5.
$150— HALF interest in good-paying business;
easy work. 1055 Market st.
GOOD saloon; well located: $650. 1055 Mar-
ket St., Pacific Business Exchange.
RESTAURANT; fine business 1500
Restaurant; rent boarded out 125
Pacific Business Exchange. 1005 Market st.
A— $1600; GROCERY and bar; also Vi Interest in
grocery and bar for $500; also $200 grocery and
bar. KREDO & CO.. 22^, Geary st.
A— sl7so; SALOON, Market-st. corner; also %
interest in saloon and family liquor store,
$750; also $500, 4225 and $200 saloons; look at
these. KREDO & CO., 22"-_ Geary st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in jobbing and retail
liquor business connected with. compound and
manufacturing; good business; well estab-
lished. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market st.
TO buy, sell or ' exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop- I
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN. 719 Market St., for square dealing.
SALOONS, $150 up; cigar stores, $175 up; gro-
ceries, $350 up; delicatessens, $150 up; lodging
houses, all sizes, al! prices; ranches, etc., for
exchange. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market st.
$351 — COAL and wood yard, good horse and
wagon; rent $20. NATIONAL AGENCY, 7
Grant aye.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans, j
etc.. call on CLARK & CO., room 109, Ex-
aminer building. -
$4000— FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
business; thriving town; owner other busi-
ness; must sell. JONES & CO.. 565 Market.
PAYING barber shop; country: rent paid for
whole year; investigate. STOLTZ. 630 Market.
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. 1008 Vi Market st.
LARGE Interest in corporation, secured;
highly honorable business; food monthly in-
come' or employment. Box 1368. Call office.
FOR SALE— Horseshoeing shop; good business;
good location; must sell this week; owner
going East. 1828 Post St., near Fllmore.
HAY, grain, wood and coal business; on ac-
count of sickness: all for $275. Box 215, Call.
$500— RESTAURANT for sale on account of
leaving city; a snap. 313 O'Farrell st.
BEER saloon; your own price: giving up busi-
ness. 650 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap; fine fix-
tures; value in sight. Apply Call office.
$40— BARGAIN ; 2-chair- barber shop; doing
good business. 621 Sacramento st.
MILK ranch and business for »ale; includes 1
acre of land. 2 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness: 85
milk customers; nets $:t0 month; situated In
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and in-
surance agent, 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel ; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
GOLD In California; every person having $10
cash and can pay $10 month for four months
can secure mc. .me of $80 monthly; $960 -per
year. Address box 367. Call office.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
" heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Haight St.; no agents.
SALOON, well located, with stock and good
fixtures, for Bale cheap on account of illness
of owner. Apply to CONRAD ALLEN. Red-
wood City.
$125 — DRESSMAKING, cigars, stationery,
laundry office; suitable for branch, bakery.
Box 1775. Call office. .
WELL-ESTABLISHED carriage, wagon wood-
working business; fine shop. 332 Thirteenth.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. !<65 Mission st.. nr. 6th.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
RELIABLE, profitable business for small capi-
tal. Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell St.
STORE and lease; ground rent $5 mo.; near
sugar refinery at Crockett. Contra Costa Co.
WANTED— store; must be cheap; cash.
Box 3. .9. Call office. ' ' .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay- Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subacrlp-
tlonw and want ad» taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
etructlon, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
ehorthand, typing, languages, English; 34
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing:
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 672-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc. : Ufa
scholarship, $50; low rateg per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil.- electrical, min-
ing mech. survey. assay. archlt. ; day _ ere.;
est.' 1864.' VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
Pi ANO singing and elocution lessons. Mm«.
Ren fro and Miss M. Smitten, 1001- Sutter st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
PERSONALS.
GIRL baby, Mrs. Smith. Call MRS. DR.
FUNKE. Alameda. __________
LEDERER'S Quinonia. the best hair tonic, is
without a rival; costs but little; only 35c bot-
tle^
I DO the most fashionable hairdressing.in town
for 35c only; hair rolls. 35c; good switches, $1;
fine, $2 SO. LEDERER'S Foarrto Shampoo, 6c
pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
RUPTURE, stricture, cured. No knife. No in-
jectlon.Gurntd :Dr.Gordln,sl4 Pine. ab. Kearny.
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 522
Valencia to 1206 Market St.. rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed at Harmonic
Life Institute. 236 Rowel 1 St.; test free.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., .Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; .Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
BATHS, 12% c: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold ; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folaom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store .110 Kearny Bt.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, tors and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to ' order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.^
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dreesesmade
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, milli-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Son.. 103 Post, i
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS^f" J WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton St.
MRS. HARLAND'S— to-night; tests, ar-
ticles read, 10c; prophetic readings daily. 120
Sixth st. .
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'FarreU.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk. .
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
NINTH. 77— Your future told by cards; ladies,
10c; gentlemen. 25c; satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. HANSON, palmist and . card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 153& sth, r. 21. ,
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c: ladies only. \
643 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh. j
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PREDICTIVE ASTKOLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events. 50c; advice, all questions: satisfaction.
________
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 33SS Twenty-first st., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
S V PER FLUO US JH A *R^ rL^_ r
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush St.; 15
| years' experience: references given.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12,
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; self cure, $5;
home in confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
LADlES— Chichester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly v all
capes of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, #5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and strictly confi-
dential; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, _afe and .sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th-Bth, tel. Mint 1633.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c Ptamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 631 X et., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement; bent refs.:
1540V4 Howard; Mrs. M. Wledemann, midwife.
LADIES — Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles; $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE, 1118 Mkt.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue aye., Los Ang.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
~ HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies?
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— A very desirable home, on main
1 thoroughfare, close to East Berkeley station;
easy payments. Address box 70, Berkeley.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horees. 1140 Folsom st.
" TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. 125; Caligraph, $15; Yost, $25;
- get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LET.
CLIPPER 144—14 rooms, stable; reduced from
$27 60 to $20. A. M. SPECK& CO.. 667 Mar-
ket St., opposite Kearny. .
HOUSES. j FLATS.
1220 Laguna; 8 r...535 232S Fillmore; « r....525
1222 Buchanan; 7 r. 35|3033 California; 6 r... 20
1118 Guerrero; 10 r. 40 1609 Turk; 6 r 18
542 Howard; 6 r... SO: 41 Hill; 5 r 17
AM. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
OUR rent department goea to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
Hi (WELL, 10 Montgomery st.
10-ROOM. house, well • furnished. Western Ad-
dition. Apply SAUNDERS, 93S Geary at.
FIRST advertising solicitor for ' publication.
Addresß at once box 1778. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; rear cottage, 3 rooms;
large stable and wagon shed; reasonable. 1562
Turk st. ___
SUNNY cottages of 5 rooms: also flat, 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 521
X St., Sunset District.
FLATS TO LET.
STEINER bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats; open to-day; 9-room, $47 50;
7-room $37 50; also on same lot, facing Elliott*
Park 5-room, $22 50; 4-room, $18; have porce-
lain tubs basements and all modern improve-
ments; water, scavenger and Janitor service
included.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
599 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; lower 4 rooms;
$13. • •■•-4-
7 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
AN elegant upper 7-room flat, bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m. 718 A Bush st. .
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 1017 Bryant St.; $7.
FOURTEENTH. 134, near Howard— Modern
sunny 5 rooms; bath; cellar; $18.
NEAR Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine top flat, 4
sunny rooms. 60 Ivy aye.
NINTH. Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath. $15. .
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
POST. 955— Lower flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
yard, rent $18.
PRETTY flat, 4 sunny rooms, all modern. 2643
Harrison St., near Twenty-third; $12.
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
st., near Harrison.
SUNNY flat, suitable for tailor shop or dress-
maker. 638 Jessie Et. ■
UPPER and lower sunny corner, 3 rooms and
bath flats; rent $10. 2219 Polk St.
$13— LOWER flat. 5 rooms; bath; big yard.
8878 Clementina 6t. "
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY 1538, corner Larkin— Furnished or un-
furnfshed rooms for housekeeping; also single
rooms; cheap. *
CLEMENTINA, 707— Front housekeeping, bath
and laundry, $7 up.
EDDY, Connecting "• housekeeping rooms,
upper or lower floor; also single sunny room.
ELLIS, 538— Sunny side; nicely furnished parlor
suite with bath: gas: running water and
kitchen; rent reasonable.
FIRST. 28—3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo. ; also 2 unfurnished, -$6 mo.
FOLSOM 646— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms, with yard; suitable for housekeeping.
FOLSOM, .863 — 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms, with yard: furnished complete.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping; also other rooms; bath.
HOWARD, 2006 A. near Sixteenth— 2 or 3 newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; coal stove.
JONES, Eo7— 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas; large yard; $15.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished.
LIBERTY. 126— Warm belt of Mission; sunny
suite; piano: use of kitchen; reasonable; Va-
lencia st. cars. -
MINNA Furnished bay-window house-
keeping room, $1 50 and $1 25 week.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny furnished suites, com-
plete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1747—2 sunny front suites, $10; stove,"
water; also single rooms.
MISSION. 1125%— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cookstove; cheap. vj
NATOMA, 739, near Ninth— Single or house-
keeping rooms: sunny.
NATOMA 1002, nr. Eleventh— sunny
rooms for light housekeeping; also single;
quiet family.
NINTH, Front bay-window suite, $12; 2
sunny connecting, $10; single; stove; water;
ga3. ■__
OCT4.VIA, 411, near Hayes— 2 sunny rooms;
lighr housekeeping if desired: $3 50 and $4.
POLK, 522— Nice front suite of unfurnished
housekeeping rooms.
POST. 615— Pleasant alcove rooms for light
housekeeping: also sunny single rooms.
POWELL, 418— Housekeeping rooms; furnished
and unfurnished.
SIXTH, Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: light housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH, 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; also single; reas.
TENTH. 136, corner Minna— basement for
housekeeping.
THIRD. 340— Sunny .room', complete for house-
keeping; $1 50 per week.
THIRTEENTH. 175— Bedroom, kitchen; every
convenience for housekeeping; rent reason-
able^
TURK, 543—2 front rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; gas, bath; $15. ;
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished front room
and kitchen; $10; near Market st. .
TWELFTH 230 C — 2 front rooms; house-
keeping; use of gas stove; private family;
good locality. _^^^^^^^^^^^^
ROOMS TO LET.
ASH aye., Two sunny rooms, $S; also one
furnished room. ■
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts .— :
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Taylor. 149— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
quiet house; transient; reasonable.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SUTTER, 717, 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please Investigate.
AT 14 A Geary— Double bed, hair mattress; rua-
nlng water; $1 50 a week.
AT 52 Second— rooms," per wk., $1 50 to
$3: single, $1 to $1 60; night, 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites.
single; facing plaza; day or month. ■
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished rooms; prices to suit.
EDDY, 603— Large unfurnished room; running
water; sun all day; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820, near Furnished rooms,
$1 per week
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate;
■ private family: reasonable. . -.;<.< ,
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— One large sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone.
| GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. ..
GEARY, Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern conveniences; also one small.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week. x
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
HAVES, 114 C —One sunny front room to let,
. unfurnished. '*M- : ,.-
HOWARD, 1113%— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms,
$12. ■
HOWARD, 1520— Furnished room In private
family, $6; with use of piano. ■ . »
JONES. 418--Elegant new furnished room*;
board optional; rent reasonable.
MINNA, Large sunny furnished front
' room, $6. . 
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 932%— Furnished room suitable for
two;- stove and running water; $5. '■ ■■-
NATOMA. 282, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms rent $6. .
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric. llght3; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 928. near Van Neas— Nicely fur-
• nished sunny bade room; board optional.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
PINE, _14A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; "single or en suite; $5 up.
POST, 239— Elegant sunny corner rooms; all
conveniences; families and gentlemen; tran-
sient.
POST, Sunny furnished room; reason-
able. _. ___
SEVENTH, 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Large front room suitable for busi-
ness; also rooms $1 per week.
SUTTER. Furnished parlor suite; adapted
to physician or dentist; other rooms.
SUTTER. 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also housekeeping terms
reasonable. •
TURK, Front and back rooms, newly fur-
nished; bath and sun; $7 to $11.
TURK, Nicely furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; very desirable; $1 50 per week.
TWELFTH. Tastefully furnished room. $6,
one smaller, $4 per month; private family.
VAN NESS, 794— Nicely furnished sunny room,
$6.
VAN NESS aye., 1021—2 furnished rooms; bath;
hot and cold water; $7 and $9.
WELL furnished sunny front room for one or
two gentlemen, in . best part of beautiful
Berkeley. 1901 University aye.. Berkeley.
BOARDING AM) ROOMS.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fail-mount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water;, elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 month up.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites and
single; bath connecting; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant Bunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
PRIVATE family, having large sunny alcove
bedroom, would board 2 gentlemen or married
couple. Call at 1408 Jackeon St., bet. 9 and 1.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
COMFORTABLE, pleasant home for Infant or
children; kindest care; healthy .oration: ref-
erences exchanged. MRS. J. BALDWIN.
Glen Ellen. Cal. -
LADY wishes one or two growing children to
board; fresh cow milk. 2251 Mission st.
ONE or tw« children to board In German fam-
ily; nice sunny yard. 439 Minna St.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath Ger-
man Methodist Church; suitable for kinder-
garten school or store room. 8688 Folsom.
EIGHTH, 132, cor. Natoma— building, cor-
ner store; suitable for grocery and bar.
. LOST.
FRIDAY, March 3, a bunch of keys; 6 small
flat ones to one large flat one. Finder please
return to 123 Tenth st. ; reward.
$5 REWARD— Canary bird; dark top knot;
neighborhood Girls' High School. Return to
1316 Pierce st.
LOST— B pass-books with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, standing
fn the names as follows:
Book No. 10,040, REV. P. J. GREY.
Book No. 35,672, REV. P. J. GREY. Trustee.
Bock No. 5675, MRS. T. W. BRENNAN and
MISS ELLEN DARKEN, assigned to P. J.
GREY.
Book No. 3173. MARY E. CASEY, assigned
to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 26 762, WILLIAM B. O'CONNOR,
assigned to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 27,667. THOMAS WALSH, as-
signed, to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 21,239. JULIA COSTELLO, as
signed to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 24,704, MARGARET VANSTAN,
assigned to P. J. GREY.
The finder will please return the books to
the bank or to the office of M. C. HASSETT,
Attorney at Law. Phelan building.
Dated March 4. 1899.
LOST— A black shepherd dog with white spot
on chest. Please return to Campi's Restaur-
ant. 531 Clay at., and receive reward. ,_
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling- good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos 'or $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
6ts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE_S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ■ other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright, rosewood; Chlckering. used three
months, upright, mahogany; guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTE bargains In pianos, this week only;
Chickering, $73: Stelnway, $127: Emerson.
$138: Kelso. $143; Spencer. $175; Colby, $ISS:
Conover. $225; Stein way. $250. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE beat barcaln in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
AN elegant Hardman upright, little used; a
snap. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor.
Flood building. ~
GOOD Fischer upright sacrificed by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm. 21. Flood bldg.
FINE Stelnway Chlckering, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz' Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
6UPI '•'•■'< violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'K' ■■""• 'ker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
" storage:
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell: tel. Main 3713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advances, etc. 735 Market: tel.. Black 311.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly; cottage cabin; lot 50x
150; price $190 all told; 150 feet new fencing;
large grove of trees; fine soil: grand view;
excellent climate; no fogs nor cold winds;
near a fine 3-story schoolhouse and electric
cars; 90-foot boulevard; streets all graded;
some macadamized; drainage perfect; a few
lots $75 upward: $5 cash, $5 monthly; special
terms made: Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St., near Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Owner. '■-'''■'- -.-".■
12000— WONDERFUL bargain: 8-room house;
lot 102x126; near Telegraph aye.; one of the
greatest barsains in Oakland: I am author-
ized to sell immediately; forced sale. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
FURNISHED house 10 rooms; elegantly situat-
pd in Oakland. Apply 228 California st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh at. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. : easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207 half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150: fine
location: San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda. . ;
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
" BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
For sale or rent. 11 acres adjoining University
grounds: good house, barn, etc. DR. S. M.
MOUSER, 707 Bush St., San Francisco.'
CITY REAL ESTATE.
- — MISSION COTTAGES
Four 5, 6 and 8-room houses on the sunny
eide of Twentieth st.. between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder. £
$875— NEAT 4-room cottage and large base-
ment, block from Folsom st. cars. - Apply
cor. Montcalm and Alabama. ■
$6000— elegant flats; 2229 and 2231 Fifteenth
Ft. : 6 and 7 rooms; basement partly finished;
large stable; owner lives in lower flat.
$26,000— HOUSES; lot 137:6x87:6; north part of
city! GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery st
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— SO acres of land; near school;
faring county road to San Jose. bet. Warm
Springs and Milpitas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
• ance grain land: good 9-room house, barn.
well windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh St., Oakland.
|900 8% ACRES, 2% miles from Haywards;
cottage, 5 rooms; windmill, tank and tank-
house; family orchard; wood and water. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. ________
MILL VALLEY cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
stable, fruit trees, for sale cheap. Apply 2719
Bryant aye., city. j
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— J4O to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., 8. F.
WANTED— Improved ranch; cash bar-
gnln Box 394, Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for %1.
postage paid.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for city residence, nice
home in Alameda. Box 392. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
Eire- avoid red tape and publicity see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market- st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. P.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.: tel. Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your ■
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003*4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rate*: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ON painoe, furniture; Oakland; Alameda;
Berkeley. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.
ON pianos, furniture; Oakland; Alameda:
Berkeley. EDSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal : no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market at.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Xreiger. 312 Examiner big.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — at 8 per cent on a $6000 resi-
dence; close in; no agents. Apply box 1824,
Call office.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 553-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 lith
et. ; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, . atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce law; private; estates. J.
E. EVANS. 14 McAllister, nr Hibernla Bank.
'L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced In
good cases. ROSS, 1236 Market St.. room 127.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. "W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph E. Rlzzo and Lena Prato 23-20
Blasi Clrcimeli and Maria A. Campillngo. 49-35
Frederick L. Bolhme and Emma Lufsty — 28-26
Charles A. Ivanhoff and Martha Steyer.... 31-21
Percy W. Hurndall and Mary E. Murphy.. 49-25
Joseph M. Logan and Etta G, Hallaran.... 3l-25
Ralph Hoover and Anna F. Fresham 29-28
W. L. Chamberlain and Annie M. Turnhu 11.30-2.-.
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ETHELLE— In this city. March 2. 1899, to the
wife of John Ethelle. a daughter.
ROSENBLUM— In this city, March 5. 1899. to
the wife of Maurice Rosenblum. a son.
~~~ MARRIED.
ZELINSKY— In this city, Febru-
ary 26, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Sol
Charmak and Meta Zeiinsky.
FISHER— EKSTROM— In this city, March 4,
1899 by the Rev. Mr. Heslln, Charles A.
Fisher and Bertha Kkstrom. both of San
Francisco.
GOLDSTONE— In San Rafael. Janu-
ary 18. 1899, P. B. Goldstone and Elizabeth
Waters, both of San Francisco.
ISRAELSKY— In this city, Feb-
ruary 27. 1899. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Leo
Israelsky and Mac Cathcart. .
LOGAN— HALLARAN— March 6, 1899, Joseph
Logan of San Francisco and Katherine Hal-
luran of Alameda. : -_: : V :
PINTO— DAVIS— In this city, March 5, 1899, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Isaac G. Pinto and
Flora Davis. :*■':■:■■
SAUNDERS— WOOD— In this city, March 5,
1899, by the Rev. Philip Coombe, William R.
Saunders of San Francisco and Hanefa
Enylla Wood of Seattle.
~ DIED. ~~— .
Anconl. William Harlow, Claude
Anspach, Nicholas Jackson, William L.
Baldwin. William C. Kremser. Paul
Beaty, James Lynch, Ellen D.
Bozich. Risto McCargar, Dr. P. ,»
Brown, John R. Madison. Capt. Hans
Cheynery. Mrs. O. Miller, Walter
Conoliy, Edward A. Nagle, John T.
Cornelius. Louis J. O'Keefe. Hazel B. ,
Cronin, John Olsen, Inga
Croyland. Anna M. Seymour, John E.
Danielson, Olivia E. Stealey, Thomas
Dunselmare, John F. Stokes, Mrs. Mary
Empiage, Kate Yon Heydenaber,
Franceßchl. John B. Amelia
Gassmann. John B. Whaley. Daniel :
Geishacker. Matthias White. Samuel
Gunary. Mrs. E. Woolrich, Charles
ANCONI— In this city. March 3, 1899. William
Anconi. a native of Germany, aged 40 years.
IETThe funeral took place Monday. March
fi, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of Theo.
Dierks, 957 Mission street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ANSPACH— this city, March 6, 1899. Niche-"
las, beloved husband of Philiplna Anspach,
and father of Herman. Henry, Fred, Charles,
Louis, Julius, William, Emma and Qrover
Ansnach, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
9 months and 24 days.
D^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 147 Perry street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ■ • • : .
BALDWIN— In South San Francisco, March 6.
1599, William C., dearly beloved , husband .of
Jane Baldwin, a native of England, aged 55
years. .
BEATY— In the City and County Hospital,
March 6, 1899, James Beaty, a native of Cali-
fornia, ■ aged 45 years. ' . . (
BOZICH— In this city, March 4, 1899, Risto,
son of Savo Boaich, and brother of John
Bozich, a native of Herzegovina. Austria,
aged 3S years. (Dawson City, N. W. T.. pa-
pers pleas* copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
A. W. Martin & Co., 11* Geary street.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 6. 1889, John Rolio Brown, a native of
Rhode Island, aged 63 years.
CHEYNERY— At Mare Island, Krs. O. Chey-
nery (formerly Nellie Spencer), a native of
San Francisco, aged 2. r > years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, at the ferry,
thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONOLLY-ln this city, March 5. 1599, Edward
A., beloved husband of the late Margaret
Conolly and father of Mrs. C. A. Gillette,
Mrs. Margaret Hughes. Mrs. J. J. Lermen.
Akiips J. Conolly and Sister Mary Agnes of
the Sisters of Charity, a native of Dublin.
Ireland, aseil fis years.
JC?"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 627 Ellis street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
bigh mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
CORNELIUS— In this city. March 6, 1899. Louis
J. F.. beloved husband of the late Julia Cor-
nelius, and father of George, Louis and Emily
Cornelius, a native of Hessen Castle. Ger-
many, aged 69 years 6 months and 15 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 749 Folsom street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment L:iurel "ill Cemetej-y.
CRONIN— At Adams Springs, Lake County.
March 5, 1899, John, beloved husband of Kate
Cronln, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 34 years.
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence 1213 Thirty-second street. Oakland,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
CROYLAND— Entered into rest, in this city.
March 6. 18S9, at her residence. 1911 Pierce
street Anna M., loved and honored wife of
John Croyland, and beloved mother of Mrs.
P. Heitzelman and Cnrrie and Belle Croy-
land. a native of England, aged 61 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DANIELSON— In this city, March 5. 1899.
Olivia Elsa, dearly beloved and only child of
Albert H. and Olivia Danieloon and grand-
liaughter of Mrs. August Schulz. a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 13 days.
[TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 911 Illinois street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
DUNSELMARE— In this city, March fi. 1899.
John F. Dunselmare, a native of Germany,
aged 84 years.
EMPTAGE— In this city. March 6. 1899, Kate,
beloved widow of the late John Emptage, a
native of New Haven, Conn., aged 52 years.
FRANCESCHI— In this city, March 6, 1899,
John 8., beloved husband of Petrine Fran-
ceschi, a native of France, aged 51 years 9
months and 9 days.
GASSMANN-In this city, March 4, 1899, John
Baptlste, beloved husband of Emelie Gass-
■ raann, and father of Eugene Gassmann, Mrs.
Clcile Camozzi and Mrs. Alice Doassans. a
nntlve of France, aged 70 years 8 months and
15 days.
fcT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 406 Union street, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victolres. Bush
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GEISHACKER— In this city. March 6, 1899.
Matthias, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Geishacker. and father of Mrs. Annie Lyons
and Mrs. Kate Loftus, a native of Germany,
aged 62 years. A member of Lincoln Post
No. 1. G. A. R.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ."728 Minna street, thence to St. Boni-
face's «'hur<-h. where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
feu N DRY— In this city, March 4. 1899, Mrs. E.
Gundry, beloved mother of Lillian and
Frank Gundry and sister of Mrs. F. E.
Larkin. a native of New York, aged 53 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company
corner of Stockton and Geary streets.
HARLOW— In this city, March 6. 1899, Claude,
beloved son of Catherine Harlow. and brother
of Joseph, Fayette, James and Lucy Harlow
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years and
4 months.
inFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:2O o'clock, from his late
residence 338 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem hiph mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city, March 6, 1899. Wil-
liam L. G. Jackson, a native of Albany, N.
V., aged 53 years.
KREMSER— tn the City and County Hospital,
March 6. 1599, Paul Kremser, a native of Ger-
many, aged 53 years.
LYNCH— In this city, March 6. 1899, Ellen
Dorothea, dearly beloved daughter of John
and Marian Lynch, sister of Lawrence
Lynch, and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Steinhagen, aged 1 month and 9
days.
tCvTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. Sixth avenue and X
street south. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCARGAR— In Oakland, March 6. 1599. Dr.
Philander McCargar, a native of Canada,
aged 52 years 9 months and 18 days.
MADISON— In Fruit vale, March 5. ISs99, Captain
Hans, beloved husband of Regina Madisoa,
and father of Fannie Madison, a native of
Denmark, aged 62 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2125 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cyprees Lawn Cemetery by
carriage.
MILLKR— In this city, March fi. 1599. Walter,
beloved son of J. Miller, stepbrother of Mrs.
G. Fraser and P. Bunkmann, and grandchild
of Mrs. L. Miller, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 years 1 month and 16 days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 439 Union street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NAGLE— In this city, March 6 1899. John T..
beloved son of James and Mary Nagle, and
brother of Richard, Nellie, James, William,
Thomas and Mary Nagle, a native of San
Francisco.
(C7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro*
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, fmm the resi-
dence of his parents. 356 A Clementina street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, March 5. 1:W. Hazel
Bell, beloved daughter of J. and Mary
O'Keefe, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 4 months and 16 days.
try" The funeral services will be held
this day (Tuesday), at I:3* o'clock, at the
family residence, :.6<i Mission street, between
Twentieth ami Twenty-first. Interment
private.
OLSEN — Passed away. In Alameda, March 6,
1599 Inga oisen, beloved mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth Swltzer and August P. and Frank
A Olsen, a native of Sweden, aged 77 years.
SEYMOUR— In Vallejo, March 6, 1599, John E..
beloved husband of Sarah Seymnur, father of
Bertrand ami Harry Seymour, and brother of
Dr James H. and Albert P. Seymour of San
Francisco, a native of Mare Island, aged 35
years and 16 days.
KTThje funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from residence in
Vallejo.
STBALEY— In this ttf March 5, i.^9. Thomas
Stealey. husband of Mary L. Stealey.
fc^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend thj funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
3491 Seventeenth street. Interment private.
STOKES— In Grass Valley, March 1. 1899. Mrs.
Mary A. Stokes, relict of the late W. C.
Stokes, and beloved mother of A. M. Stokes
of Grass Vaiiey, F. C. Stokes of Ogden. Utah,
Mrs S E. McNe-ill of Napa, MrF. H. A.
Fairbanks of Grass Valley and Elizabeth H.
Stokes of Golden Gate, a native of London,
England, aged 68 years.
YON HEYDENABER— In this city. March 4,
1899 at her residence, 1346 Jackson street,
Amelia yon Heydenaber, a native of Ger-
many, aged 68 years.
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of J. Hagan, 1707 1 acramento street, near
Polk. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WHALEY— In Sausalito. March 6. 1899. Daniel,
beloved husband of Catherine Whaley, and
loving father of Nora. Joseph, Daniel, Frank.
William and Georgle Whaley. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 53 years 2 months
and 14 days.
(n7"FriendS' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from his
late' residence, thence to St. Mary's Churcb,
where a solemn requiem til eh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Sausa-
lito Cemetery Wednesday.
WHITE— In the City and County Hospital.
February 27. 1899. Samuel White, a native or
New Jersey.
WOOLRICH— In Mazatlan. Mexico. March 6,'
1599 Charles, beloved husband of Frances
Woolrich, and father of Mary, George, Ellen,
Soflta and John Woolricb. a native of Che-
shire, England.
ST JOSEPH'S TTNION— The semi-annual mass
for the deceased members of St. Joseph's
Union will be celebrated In St. Mary's Cathe-
dral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock.
Bey. Father Bond. C. S. S. R., will preach on
that occasion.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan * Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRI,
30 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
1112
WAR DECLARED UPON
THE NEW PRIMARY LAW
Important Course of Action Decided Upon Yesterday by
the County Central Committee of the
Non=Partisans.
Will Contest the Enactment in the Courts if There Are
Flaws in It — Fear Boss Control of the
Primaries if the Law Becomes
Operative.
IF there is a single flaw in the primary
election law signed by the Governor
Saturday that can be detected by the
• legal talent available In this city,
the validity of that enactment will be con
. by the local Non-Partisan organiza
tion. This course was decided upon yes
terday at a special meeting of the county
committee of that body, presided over by
Chairman George K. Pitch, and held in
the office of I. T. Milliken. There were
present at this meeting L. Altsehul, C. C.
Burr. (ie.T^e L. ("enter, W. 11. Crim,
Ernst A. Denicke, George K. Fitch, A.
■Jlidie, E. J. le Breton. I. T. Milli
ken, John F. Quinn, A. Sbarboro, A. E.
Bhattuek, William R. Sherwood.
It was learned from some of those pres
ent at the meeting, which was held with
closed doors, that the session was prin
cipally devoted to the discussion or the
new primary law and the probable effect
it would have on the organization of the
Non-Partisans in connection with the
municipal election to be held in November
next.
This election, the first under the new
charter, which givrs extraordinary power
to the Mayor, it was shown, would be one
of the most Important ever held in San
Francisco. It was pointed out that if the
primary iaw was operative it would com
pel tho'Non-Partisans, in order to actively
participate in the campaign, to organize
on a broader and more detailed plan than
was the case at the last election. To get
recognition as a party on the official bal
lot it would be necessary to hold a nomi
nating convention comprised of delegates
pelected at a primary election, and in or
der to hold such primary election it would
POPULISTS TO
FIGHT IT OUT
IN THE COURTS
Kickers Will File a
Suit To-Day.
THEY WANT AN ACCOUNTING
CHARGE AUDITING COMMITTEE
WITH FRAUD.
Accuse Its Members of Trafficking
in Nominations and Misapplying
Money Collected From
Candidates.
The family row which has been brewing
Jn the ranks of the local Populists ever
Einco the November election is to be
fought out in the courts. The charges of
frpud and perversion of the campaign
fi; of the Populist party, which have
freely made during the past few
weeks by certain members of the county
committee, have taken the f r .*m of a suit
for an accounting, the papers in which
will be filed in the Superior Court this
morning by Attorney George TV. Monteith.
The title of the suit is: "W. N. Griswold
and Garrett W. Smith, plaintiffs, vs. A. B.
Kinne, George D. Gillespie, B. J. Pye,
Henry Huppert and William Meakln, de
fendants." All of the defendants are
members of the auditing committee,
otherwise known as the "purity of elec
tions committee 1 ' of the People's party,
and as such had full charge of the col
lection and disbursing of the campaign
fund. These same men also constituted
•what was known as the committee on
candidates nt the convention which nomi
nated candidates for office last October.
The complaint charges: "On information
and belief," that these men who "pre
tended to be and still pretend to be" mem
ADV^iRTISEMENTS.
The door of health stands open to every
woman who will enter. All that she needs
is the key and a little knowledge. The
knowledge that she needs is concerning her
Dwn nature, hei own physical make-up and
the principal cause of ill-health in women.
When a woman suffers from headaches
and pains in the back and sides, and burn-
ing and dragging sensations and the weak-
ness, nervousness and despondency that
arc caused by diseases peculiar to her sex,
she cannot enjoy good general health. The
key to the door of health — the cure for all
disorders of this description — is Dr. Pierce"s
Favorite Prescription. It is a medicine
specially devised for disorders of this na-
ture and no other. It is the invention of
an eminent and skillful specialist, Dr. R. V.
Pierce, for thirty years chief consulting
physician to the invalids' Hotel and Surgi-
cal Institute, at Buffalo. N. Y. When a
woman writes to Dr. Pierce she consults
a physician who has practiced for thirty
years right in one place, and who was some
years ago honored by his own townspeople
by an election to the National Congress.
He will answer letters from women free of
charge. All professional correspondence is
regarded as sacredly confidential.
•■ For years I kept failing in health and Retting
worst- and HOK nervous all the time," writrs
Mrs Annie Di.lan. of East Stroudsburg, Monroe
Co Pa " I doctored with two different doctcrrs
without relief. My system was run down and
mv nerves weak I had ulcert of the uterus
whirh were so painful at times that I was afraid
they niu^t be cancers. I felt discouraged and d,d
not Ret any better until my nurse advised me to
SSite to Dr. Pierce. In May I commenced tak-
ing Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and Gold-
en Medical Discovery.' I took twelve bottles in
all, six of each. Thanks to God and Dr. Pierce s
medicines. I am cured and am a well woman.
become indispensable to organize club? in
every precinct in the city. This would
mean much labor and expense.
Another powerful reason for wishing
the primary law declared invalid was' the
apprehension that the bosses would cap- |
ture the primaries of the Non-Partisans,
elect delegates who would do tho bidding
ff the spoilsmen, and thus strike at the I
very vitals of the object of the Non-Par
tisans—the selection of independent can
didates.
After a discussion which extended over
more than two hours the chairman was
instructed to appoint a committee of live
to investigate the matter. The inmmiitee
is authorized o consult with attorneys
qualified to pass upon the merits of the
question Involved. When this committee
is ready t" report, the chairman <>f the
county committee will be notified, and he
will then call another meeting of the full
committee to take further action in the
matter.
Tt has been current rumor for some
time past that the Non-Partisans had in
contemplation a reorganization on a
broader basis than that which existed
during the last campaign, the proposed
new body to be known as the Municipal
League. ' In this connection it was re.
ported that the most prominent members
of the Merchants' Association would be
asked to co-operate with the league.
When Chairman Fitch was asked about
this he declined to discuss the matter,
saying that the first step necessary at
this time was to determine the effect of
the primary law. After this had b,i en
settled the problem of reorganization
would be considered. He added that the
Non-Partisans were opposed to the pri
mary law. and that If any grounds ex
isted for defeating it in the courts the
necessary legal action would be taken.
hers of the People's party, conspired to
control the action of the convention and
the handling of all moneys contributed by
the nominees of the party in order to
feather their own nests. It practically
Charges them with selling: nominations to
the highest bidder and with falsifying the
official report of the expenditures during
the campaign as filed with the Registrar
of Eelections as required by law. The
complaint states:
That to further effect the common purpose
design and Intent .if such conspiracy, said
conspirators, acting as said committee on can- '
didates, conducted negotiations with different
aspirants for nominations of said part} by I
said convention, instead of investigating "them i
a* they had been directed to do, and repre- j
sented to such aspirants that, if certain sums
or money satisfactory to said conspirators !
would be paid into said •'campaign fund." or I
to said conspirators, that they would procure !
the nominations of the persons making such I
payments as the nominees of said party for i
the respective offices, and to said aspirants
lor office did falsely and fraudulently pretend :
that t the purpose of said committee on can
didates was to conduct such negotiations and
to secure the payment, or promise of payment
of funds to said conspirators as a condition
precedent to their being nominated In each
respective case.
The receipts and disbursements during I
the campaign , according to the statement !
filed with the Registrar by the auditing
committee, shows a total of $1987 passed
through its hands. It is alleged by the
plaintiffs that a much larger sum was
collected which has not been accounted
for. and that the manner of accounting !
for the above sum is far from satisfac- |
tory. Kinne is alleged to have received |
l?£ 25 ir Glllesple - $150; P >' e - 129 = Meakln.
$100; Huppert, $50. and a man by the !
name of Wasch, $15. This money was
paid for "services, stamps, printing, etc." I
In its official statement the committee di- i
vided its expenditures as follows:
Salaries ;.| 750 00
Hall rents 178 75
Printing and painting 785 00 !
Stationery and stamps 59 75
Incidentals 267 97
Total $1,987 00
It is further alleged that certain sums
contributed to the campaign fund do not
appear in the names of the actual con
tributors, and that the amounts have
also been shaved down to make the total
appear smaller than that actually re
ceived.
The complainants ask that every can
didate nominated by the Populist con
vention in October be summoned to tes
tify as to the actual amount contributed
by each, and that the defendants be re
quired to render an accounting to the
county committee of the Populist party
and turn over to It all moneys found to
have been withheld by or misapplied by
them.
Attorney Monteith declares that the
case will be pressed energetically, and
that some interesting developments may
shortly be looked for.
RICH IN FUNDS.
The Austrian Military and Benevo-
lent Association Gives an Anni
versary Reception and Ball.
The reception and ball that was given
by thp Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association In California Hall on the oc
casion of thp thirteenth anniversary of
its institution was well attended by the
members of the Austrian colony and j
friends of the members of the organiza
tion. The hall was very tastefully deco
rated with evergreens, flowers and banners '
and the American and Austrian stand- I
ards were prominently in evidence. The
grand march was led by President M.
Berich and lady, and they were followed '
by more than two hundred couples. There
was a pood programme of dances. The
affair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named committees: Committee of
arrangements — A. X. Batchia (chairman)
M. Perich, J. Turato, P. SvetinWh. B. M.
Burin, G. Mostahinioh, M. Sahadin; re
ception committee— P. Saulovich, L. Pero
vich. M. Skance, N. Borina, J. M. gam
brailo, F. Corich; floor manager, A. rop
ovich; assistant floor manager, N. Mor- ;
tlzia; floor committee— P. Damjanovich,
C. Petruskh, G. Mullla. O. Mostahinioh;
refreshments committee— F. Martinich, B.
Raddlch, J. Simcich, G. Pustich. The as
sociation is in a prosperous condition,
having more than two hundred names on
its roll of membership, has $11,000 in its
treasury, and possesses a lot of new uni- :
forms and arms.
FUNERAL OF J. T. RUCKER.
His Remains tfTere Interred at Cal
vary Cemetery.
Th«» funeral of the late James T. Ruck
er took place yesterday afternoon from
' his residence, lf'2l Vallejo street . and the
interment was in Calvary Cemetery. A
large number of friends gathered at the
! residence of the deceased to pay their
I last respects to one whom to know was to
admire and honor. The services were hfld
at th<* house and were conducted by Rev.
Father Ryan of St. Brigld's parish. Dur
i ing the services the Knickerbocker Quar
: tet sang "The Lord's Prayer," "Come
I Ye Disconsolate," and "Nearer, Mv God
i to Thee." At the cemetery the beautiful
I service was concluded by the singing of
i "Lead, Kindly Light."
The pallbearers were George D. Cooper,
Walter Mackay, Paul Maason, William A.
Borden, Joseph I. Dimond, Donald Mc
j Donald and Rudolph B. Spencp. The floral
offerings were numerous and beautiful.
Amateur Boxing Contests.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
hold its monthly boxing sllow this even
ing- The preliminaries will consist of
short bouts between William Foy and
Peter Gallagher, Jack Dean and William
Perry and Charles Nickers and George
Savage. The main event will be an
eight-round bout between James Jeffords
and Fred Jarrett.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1899.
TRUE HEROISM OF
A YOUNG INTERNE
DR. FRANK TiLLMAN, Who Nursed a
Leper Through Smallpox.
■ • T- v R. FRANK TIL.L.MAN, an interne of the City and County Hospital, is ■
'? || only a beginner in the study of medical mysteries, but he has had a ♦;
<«> I ! practical experience that has boosted him far up the ladder of his pro- £
* — ' fession. He has cured an attack of virulent smallpox in a patient that *
'*■ was at the same time afflicted, in last stages, with tuberculosis and leprosy. ••
, : ; : , "I didn't cure the tuberculosis and leprosy," Bald the doctor yesterday, *
* "but I just let their two forces of bacilli fight among themselves while I j
<•> knocked out the microbes of the smallpox." <$>
;? During the first part of January a man named Charles Tulley. suffering *
* from smallpox, was removed from the French Hospital to the pesthouse £
<?> He was in that dreary place two days, when Dr. Tillman learned of the <-
* case and immediately volunteered .to attend the sick man. The enthusiast! *
*£ young Interne wanted the practice, and be followed his patient into a dreary '.".
<S> exile. He remained by Tulky'.s bedside almost night and day for several <£
* weeks, getting, as he expressed it, about all the practice he wanted.' They #
.'.' were hard weeks for the patient also, but possessing a strong constitution *$
*> he pulled through and Dr. Tillman was preparing to return from his seclu- ,j,
* sion, when the girl leper, Lena Grimm, who came to this city from *
"' Honolulu, contracted smallpox. The girl is not only a leper in almost its last <!»
*, stages, but is incurably afflicted with tuberculosis. Here was a case to.ap- r
* pall an experienced physician, but without any rest and not a single oppor
'." tunity for consultation with a fellow medico the young Interne rolled up ■•■
% his professional sleeves a little higher and went harder to work. *
* The leprosy had made such inroads Into the girl's system that there £
'?> seemed to be not a single sound tissue in her body on which to build a <£
*> cure. The medico did not worry over the organic complaints, as he had *
* only taken a contract to knock out the smallpox. He did so after a hard «r
4> battle, and is justly proud of his victory. Dr. Tillman vaccinated the pest- £,
1 house inmates wherever he could find a flesh surface sound enough to take : i :
% the healthy virus, and considers them smallpox immunes. . <§•
•$> During the pleasant evenings while he was isolated the doctor would £
* take a boat and go out in the slough duck-hunting. In the goodness of his
% heart he would ring up his friends and offer to send around some of the <£>
<S> game. The offer would be gratefully received, till it was known where the *
* dead birds came from, when he would be invariably told by "phone to keep. '£.
<£ his d ducks where they were, and with some more warm expletives <»>
<*> commanded to stay in that . place with them; and this was the invita- *
* tion he received from his numerous friends by wire. T.
® Dr. Frank Tillman is a member of the class of '98 of the medical de- <;>
* partment of the University of California, and resides with his parents at *
* 1915 Larkin street. He does not seem to understand that he courageously
* risked his life when he exiled himself to nurse a smallpox patient among '
%' a crowd of incurable lepers, who were sure to take the new disease, and re- *
* gards the matter as only an ordinary incident in the life of a physician. He <?'
* is thinking of giving a lecture 'on "How I fought smallpox microbes wit* H"
* those of leprosy and tuberculosis and cured the smallpox only."
gjj>.v.:-» i~ i - ♦■■?:-<S>#'£*<B>#'3>*'s* < §*'? .-*•?■* ■' '»"K-<3>*s>*s>#< S-x- • • • • -:-r i ■:•:■ i -:-: H
COLONEL BILLY
HAS LOST HIS
BEST FRIEND
PaidJones'Salary Out
of His Own.
END OF A RESTFUL OFFICE
DAN BU3NS' ALLY MUST WORK
FOR HIS WAGES.
The Department Rules That No Out
siders Will Be Allowed to Do
Custom-House Work
Hereafter.
Colonel "Billy" Hamilton has lost his
colored cashier, W. D. Jones, and the ('tis-
torn House was electrified yesterday by
the unwonted spectacle of Colonel Hamil
ton actually working.
Some months ago in the interest of
economy a sweeping reduction was made
in the Custom House forces. Amonj? the
heads lopped oft was that of Mr. Jones-.
Mr. Jones did the brainy work of the office
while Colonel Billy was assisting .Ink'-
Steppacher in Sacramento in the political
interment of Dan Burns.
Whf-n the cruel edict was issued, tho
colonel was heartbroken, for ho realized
that if Jones went he would have to per
WILL CELEBRATE
DEWEY'S VICTORY
* • *
<§■ . "TVEWET DAY bids, fair to ..become a national day of festivity. The <&
♦ II Sons of the Green Mountain State have; undertaken. to hold a great <«>
<$> II celebration commemorative of the victory at Manila last May- <»>
<& "^ day. and the idea will no doubt be quickly adopted throughout' the <*>
<8> Union. The State executive committee of the Pacific Coast Association <♦>
<*> of Native Sons of Vermont held a meeting last evening, over which <$■
<$> Judge B. A. Belcher presided, at which it was- decided to appropriately <«>
<S> celebrate the first anniversary of the fight in Manila Bay at Sunset Park, <$>
<£> Wright's station. The public schools will be closed that day, and it is «$►
<$> confidently expected that there will be a great popular gathering, to do <$■
<J> honor to the occasion. Suitable exercises will be arranged, and the <«>
<£» Vermonters hope to reap the glory of originating a festal day that will be- <$»
•€> come one of the recognized holidays of the United States. <s>
«> ♦
♦ ♦^♦♦^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦"^ ♦ ♦ ♦ <$><3><3><s>4>s>^<s><s> <» <& <& <S> <» 4> 4> ♦'<»
form the duties of his offiVe. To the great
connubiators. however, all things are
easy and simple. If the Government
would nut pay Mr. Jones" salary the col
onel would. Bo Mr. Jones was retained
and his salary was paid hv Colonel Ham
ilton, who thus had ample leisure to serve
his friend Dan In the Senatorial fight.
Sad to relate, on the first of this month '■
there came an end to the colonel's dream
of toilless office holding, it came in the
form of an edict from the Secretary of -
the Treasury prohibiting the employment ;
of outsiders in the Custom House in any i
capacity, and Jones, who by the way is a.
first-class clerk, took a tearful and "affec
tionate adieu of his labor-scorning em
ployer.
There was a spy within the. camp— a
hammer rampant— and that's why the j
colonel now sits behind the cashier's win- j
dow and with a sweet, sad Maud Muller
smile, labors for his salary.
ETHEL HALL'S ADMIRERS.
- - I
One Is in the' City Prison and the
Other Has Gone to Pinole.
H. L. I>elghton, bellboy in the Palace |
Hotel, was arraigned before Judge M'>
gan yesterday on a ehaTge of robbery, ami
the case was continued until Friday.- lie
is accused of forcibly taking three rings I
from the fingers of Ethel Hall at the
point of a revolver in the- Silver State
House, Mason street, Sunday night, and
threatening to kill her unless she mar
ried him. ...-.!•, '■''•
John' Downer.' the girl's other, lover,
who was ordered into custody Saturday
by Judge Mogan • for intimidating her.
was set at liberty yesterday, as his
brother, E. M. Downer, of Pinole, prom- i
ised to take care of him and give him
employment in his office. • It was the rings
that Downer presented to the girl that
Leighton- stole from her fingers. She in
tended leaving for San Jose to-day. •
Mrs. Swain Gets a Divorce.
Wflheltnina C. Swain was granted a
divorce from her husband, Edward R.
Swain, architect of the ferry depot, by
Judge Bahrs yesterday on the ground of
desertion. For some time past the couple
lived apart, and Mr. Swain did not con
teal the application of his wifo for a
legal separation. Consequently a decree
was granted, after a brief hearing.
Mr-. X R. Hall. 10 Kearny street.
"Opr-ning" of our beautiful imported hats
Wednesday, March 8. •
EVADES PAYING
THE DEBTS OF
THE DEMOCRACY
Hearst's Conditional
Offer Rejected.
SOUGHT TO GAIN CONTROL
DEMANDED CHAIRMAN MANN'S
KESIGNATION.
Party Leaders Charge the Editor
With Having Broken His
Promise — A Thinly
Veiled Threat.
A deficiency of $4000 in the treasury nf
the Democratic State Central Committee,
a.< a result of its recent disastrous cam
paign, has brought to light a remark
able chapter in California Democratic
politics and also promises some coming
< ba pters of interest.
The story is nothing lessthan an attempt
on the part of W. R. Hearst to force Seth
Mann, chairman of the State Central
Committee, to resign, and to place M. F.
Tarpey, now and for a long time raan
ager of the Hearst estate, in the chair.
The story so far is known only to the
State executive committee and a few oth
ers in the confidential councils of the par
ty, but it will interest every member of
the party from Siskiyou to San Diego.
Mr. Hearst, it will be remembered, ar
ri\. il here from New York in the closing
days of the campaign. The party was
short of campaign funds about ten days
before election, and Seth Mann, who had
been named by Maguire as chairman of
the State Central Committee: W. P. Law
lor, chairman of the campaign committee,
and a few other party generals and staff
officers, faced the problem of how to
make a proper finish to the campaign
without money.
Jn this dilemma Messrs. Mann and Law
l«.r called on Mr. Hearst ami stated the
and limitations of the campaign.
Mr. Hearst said in effect: •••Jo right
ahead, gentlemen. Go to whatever ex
p< rise Is necessary and I will attend to
the bills."
This was definitely understood by the
i ampaign managers as a guarantee, that
bills Incurn ■! would be paid.
The following day the Examiner started
a subscription, agreeing to double all con
tributions. Tne day before i-lection the
contributions were announced as amount
nich Mr. Hearst increased
to $6018 60 for the benefit of the campaign.
When the campaign committee gut its
bills together it was found that tne f.\
pendlturea made und<-r Mr. Hearsts gu.ir
amounted to about $10,000, and that
there were bills outstanding to the ex
tent of about $-1000.
It was well along in December when the
Democratic managers sought to close up
the campaign accounts. Mr. Hearst had
gone Kast and M«-ssrs. Mann and Lawlor
called on A. M. Lawrence, managing ed
itor of the Examiner, and inquired what
Mr. Hearst would be pleased to do about
the situation. The guarantee given by
Mr. Hearst was recalled and stated by the
two gentlemen.
Mr. Lawrence gave no satisfactory an
swer, but communicated with Mr. Hearst.
After a time Messrs. Mann and Lawlor
called again by appointment. Mr. Law
rence, as it is reliably stated, and as the
incident la told and understood by a num
ber of Democrats, informed his callers
that Mr. Hearst had no recollection of giv
ing a guarantee such as they had stated.
That was a disagreeable misunderstand
ing at best, but Mr. Lawrence had some
thing further to say. He informed Mr.
Mann and Mr. Lawlor that, regard!
the fact thai Mr. Hearst was not respon
sible for the deficit, Mr. Hearst would pay
the $4<fc«» owed if Mr. Mann would resign
the chairmanship of th<- State Central
Committee and let Mr. Hearst name the
man to fill the vacancy.
This was simply an ufffr of $4000 for the
chairmanship ot the Democratic State
Central Committee of California. But Mr.
Lawrence went further and Intimated
: Mr. Mann did not resign it w,is
likely that the management of the cam
paign and of the current course of the
committee would be found open to criti
cism. It was further intimated that if
Mr. Mann would quietly get out of the
way he would receive a most flattering
notice in the Examiner for the ability he
had displayed, etc., and that resolutions
here and there to the Bame effect would
undoubtedly follow. Mr. Mann thus re
ceived a fairly decent but resolute bid
ding to get out.
Mr. Mann quietly Informed Mr. Law
rence that resigning was the last thing
he thought of or would do.
It is said that not long after this a
prominent Democrat who had a little pat
ronage matter in hand went to Mr. Law
rence and asked him t<> Bee Chairman
Mann and get him to use his influence
in his behalf.
"Oh. its no usp to sre Mann." said Mr.
Lawrence; ''Tarpey'll be chairman. He's
the man to see. '
Matters remained quiet for a time and
then in the Examiner of February 2 last
came a tap of the club as a gentle re
minder thai it w.-is about time for that
resignation, for that day the Examiner
jogged the committee and Mr. Mann in
the following editorial:
The Stratton primary election bill Is making
Its way rapidly toward, adoption. Has the
Democratic State Central Committee consid
ered the measure, as we suggest It should do?
We regret to say that it has not.
What is the committee for at a time like
this it not to grapple with problems affecting
the party welfare and to try to steer the party
clear of rocks? Is the committee so certain
that no constitutional law ran be framed as to
primaries that it feels no interest in the bills
before the Legislature which deals with party
elections? If it is not. how can it justify its
failure to FtiHy the Stratton bill and all other
bills of a kindred nature and to seek to influ
ence the Legislature to a wise course In dealing
with them? " V -
It seems to us that the committee should give
some proof that it Is not in a trance.
On the evening of February 8 the Dem
ocratic Central Club, the largest party
organization in the city, having a mem
bership of 1100, held a meeting at which
were passed some resolutions that at
tracted no particular notice at the time.
They were introduced .by Democrats in
the secret and passed with a whoop by
members who knew only of the slap at
the State Central Committee in the Ex
aminer. In the light of explanations
they are part of the story. They were:
Resolved. That the members of the Demo
cratic State Central Club, having full fa.th In
the honor, ability and Integrity of the Hon.
Beth Mann, chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, do hereby pledge him our
most loyal support and such assistance as he
may call on us to give to aid him In securlnK
the' passage of a primary law that shall stand
the tept of law and Democratic principles, and
we further commend his course as chairman of
said committee and hereby volunteer any as
sistance In our power in carrying out the same.
It. was Observed that the Examiner
avoided any mention of Mann or the com
pliment paid him in its report of the meet
ing, and his name has not appeared in
its columns since the ultimatum was
given.
The campaign committee decided to
communicate with Mr. Hearst personally.
A few days ago a telegram of inquiry was
sent him and an evasive reply was re
ceived. Thereupon it was decided that the
I numeracy could survive without Mr
Hearst, and at a meeting of the executive
committee a day or two later Chairman
Mann was authorized to appoint a finance
committee to endeavor to raise enough
money to pay the deficit. The commit
tee has been appointed as follows; James
D. Phelan. James H. Budd. Walker C.
Graves. L. P Byington, Oscar Hocks, F.
J. Fallon. Timothy Treacy. This com
mittee met last Friday for the first time
and will make an effort to raise $1)00. If
it does not succeed the deficit is likely to
be referred to a full meeting of the State
Central Committe, which will probably be
called soon.
Chairman Mann will not resign, Mr.
Tarpey will not be the chairman right
away and Mr. Hparst will nut be in con
trol of the State machine very soon.
The lowa Men at the Zinkand.
Mayor Phelan and his guests, the lowa men,
all went tn Zinkand's alter the performance
at the OrDheutn. •
THE END OF
ALL RELIGIOUS
CONTROVERSY
Bishop Montgomery
Declares It Near.
WEAPONS OF SCIENTISTS
MADE USEFUL IN UPHOLDING
THE CAUSE OF RELIGION.
Interesting and Instructive Lecture
Under the Auspices of Mission
Council, Young Men's
Institute.
The Right Rpv. George Montgom
ery. Bishop of Monterey and Los Angeles,
delivered a lecture in Metropolitan Temple
last night, which, while being Instructive
and entertaining, contained a powerful
argument against the unbeliever and so
called "scientist."
The lecture was provided by thf> T. M. I.
Central Bureau, and was given under the
auspices of Mission Council No. 3. The
hall was crowded from pit to gallery, and
hundreds of people were turned away long
before the opening of the exercises. Th<;
first number on the programme was an
organ voluntary by R. Fletcher Tilton.
D. J. O'Leary. president of Mission Coun
cil. ma.de a few opening remarks, and
John M. Burnett, president of the evening,
made the opening address. Solos were
rendered by Miss Millie Flynn and Charles
Parent Jr.
President Burnett then Introduced the
speaker of the evening. Bishop Montgom
ery, who announced as his subject "The
End of Controversy."
"The century just past," he said, has
been one of unusual activity in every
branch of business and study. With all
this energy in growth, expansion and
change of parties and politicians. In no
pursuit or business has activity been
greater than in religious questions, let
with all the false ideas and antagonisms
evolved, the church stands to-day the
most conspicuous object and organization.
Our work is largely one of controversy,
as it is our mission to overthrow false
doctrines and point out the true path. J
think the end of all this controversy must
soon come, and I expect it to come from
the very people who have caused the most
of it— the educated and the cultured.
"Your unbeliever tells you that in things j
supernatural the only guide is reason. He j
says that God has put a brain into man to ;
reason things out for himself; that ho can
be independent and does not need a leader
or an authority. .
"Vet he will not apply this principle to
natural things. When it comes to a ques
tion of law, of medicine, aye. or even
smaller things as language, art and mu
sic does your scientist attempt to reason >
them out for himself, or will he not go
straightway and consult an authority on j
the subject? If it is a question of law he ;
goes to the books and re. iris in them what
has been evolved, not by any one man's
reasoning powers, but by a number of the |
best informed on that subject. And so it
Is with all things finite. »«*«.«
"When it comes to the infinite, to the
supernatural, however, he tells you that
his own reason is all sufficient: that he
needs consult no law. and that he was in
tended to construe the revelations of the
Bible to suit himself. Thus my friends,
brings about religious anarchy in just the
same manner as Bocial anarchy would be
brought about if each man were a lowed
to construe the social laws .••.•cording to
his own reasoning power, and this keeps
us continually in a broil of controversy.
"The *-nd is near at hand. These scien
tists who have sought to overthrow relig
ion have only strengthened It. and the
wiser ones have come to realize it and are
daily looking upon religion with more
friendly ey! t In fact, it has come to such
a pass now that when yon find a man
orating about science, investigation will
show that be really knows little or noth
ing about true science.
COMMENDS THE PRESS
FOR FIGHTING BURNS
REV WOODWORTH'S TIMELY
APPROBATION.
Mini3ters Say Harsh Things About
Chief of Police Lees During an
Interesting Discussion.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson read an interesting
paper before the Presbyterian Ministerial
Union yesterday on "The Civic Duty of
the Pulpit." His clear and convincing
argument on why the pulpit should take
cognizance of important questions on local
government made a profound impression
on those • present. The doctor spoke of
the evils rampant in the city and or the
small effort being made to control them.
He dwelt on the influence large cor
porations have shown in governmental af
fairs and on other important questions.
The paper provoked an animated discus
sion, prolonging the session half an hour
beyond the usual time.
Rev James Woodwortn alluding to the
criticism of the press contained in the
paper said:
While I am disgusted with the press at
times, yet I very often read something in it
that causes me to shout '■bravo" and clap my
hands If it had not been for the press those
things that have taken place or been attempted
in Sacramento in connection with the Legis
lature during the past two months would have
been done and passed over with scarcely a
reference and D. M Burns would be the
Senator elect from this State to-day. Now,
that is fo, and I will defy anybody to deny it.
Rev Soo Hoo Nam Art of the Presby
terian Church and Mission addressed the
meeting in English, saying:
I have been preaching for several years
steadily here among my countrymen, but I am
sorry to say have accomplished hut little. In
some respects we have lost ground. Crime and
Vice are increasing in Chinatown and becom
ing more open and flagrant. A few years ago
Rambling In that quarter was restricted to the
alleys; now It flaunts openly in the most pub
\Vhen I Pay. "Why don't the police stoD
this?" I was told by my countrymen and
friends of whom I Inquired, "Why. don't you
know' They pay JHOO a week for police pro
tection and Immunity!" I can't prove these
things but I know their truth, and I am dis
couraged In the same way and for the same
reason the infamous traffic In slave girls la
increasing dally.
Dr. Wilson in closing thp discussion
paid the blame for the infamous condi
tion of things existing in Chinatown was
due to the attitude of the police. Yet,
said he, the trouble is not with the force
Itself, but with its head. The police fopce
can Btop this slave trade and close up
every gambling den. all of which are now
carried on openly, in one week when they
get orders from "upstairs" to do it. They
would do it ff they were told to. But,
as it is now, they dare not if they would.
The patrolmen are not to blame. You get
a patrolman to help you shut up one of
these gambling dens or to free a slave
girl and be will be "broken" inside of six
months and be relegated to a "goat-town"
beat at ov.ee
What better can you expect of a police
force, the head of -which is an habitue
of every prizefight that enmes off, and
who sits and"looks on with stoical indif
ference or a real interest while a man is
piunded out of semblance of a human be
ing?
The Check Was Worthless.
Horace R. Evans, salesman for a dealer
in tombstones in Petaluma, was arrested
yesterday mi a warrant charging- him
with obtaining money by falsf pretenses. ,
The complaining witness is S. H. Barn
heiser, a cigar dealer at 317 O'Farrell
street. He alleges that Evans cashed* a
check for $20 on the Farmers" and Mer
chants' Bank of Stockton with him. al
leging that ho had $100 to his credit in the
bank, and the check was returned marked
"no account."
Band and orchestra leaders should
Bend to Mauvais, 769 Market street, for
a list of new music * I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTRAORDINARY |
SPECIAL
TODAY.
!
•• • i^\ I • •• ;
LADIES'
TAILOR-MADE
SUITS.
Brown Cheviot Cloth.
Blue Cheviot Cloth.
Green Cheviot Cloth,
Gray Cheviot Cloth.
Black Cheviot Cloth.
i Fly-front Jackets, lined through-
out with silk serge. Skirts well
lined and faced, bound with velvet
Jackets and skirts all tailored
seams.
EASILY WORTH
$10,00.
TO-DAY AT
{/{/ Murphy Building-, ■»
Market ail Jones Streets.
"When a Man Is Married
His troubles begin," if he has to depend
on an indifferent laundry at home to do
up his shirts, collars and cuffs. It
need be no cause of annoyance when
it is so easy tj have your linen laun-
dered just like new by our perfect
methods, and at such prices as we
charge for laundering them in a man-
ner that guarantees satisfaction.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephona
South 420 __^______
Strong Drink is Death
DR. ARGOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for tbe
Drlolc Habit. Nervousness and .Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE <;r.Ii:.\XTKE FOUR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written gfwar-
anirc or refund the money, and to destroy tne
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTBftUP nDIUI/ caaB< ** .Vinery. Poverty
OlnUrib DRINK and Death. \Tpon receipt
or jio.oo ttB wli: mall you four I] boxes and posi-
tive written tii.in "•<•■• !■• cure or wnwq
GEORGE DAHtBENDER & CO.. Sola As**..
214 Kearny at.. San Francl«co. ■ __
h".'. PALACE A *>\
IGRAND H^XMkM%
° BAM PRANCIBCO. Q
© Connected by a covered pa«a*ew»y.
P 1400 Room*-900 With Bath Attached. «
* X *°° In Under One Mana**»ent. Q
Z£ HHrO r THE PRICES: Q
PiMw.noan Flan 81.00 per day and upward
D E£?riS£ an So.OO per day and upward Q
}: AiaerlC Correspondence Solicited. Q
? JOSH 0- KIHKPA7RICK, Haatg«». : —
sjq do o o oo o a oo o act
DR.MCNULTY.
n^HIS -KNOWN AND UKI.IABr.KOLD
_ Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over -o y'rs' experience.
Patients cored ai Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to3d.iliy;6.3otoB::)o ev'gs. Snndays, Iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. fall, or address
P. IIOSCOK IIcXULTY, M.D.
*>6'j K-earnj- St., San Francisco. Cal.
Weekly Call $1.00 w Year