The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 157.
AGUINALDO
WILL RAISE
WHITE FLAG
McKinley Advised That the
Tagallo Leader Is Ready
to Surrender.
— ♦ —
REVOLT NEARLY OVER
c
The Form of Government Which
Will Be Granted to the
Filipinos.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
3+-m<*-+4~4+ ++++ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦■
♦ WASHINGTON, May 5.— +
WASHINGTON, May 5.— *
_£ Aguinaldo is ready to surren- J
-♦- der, and the white flag may be -4
+ raised by the insurgent army _£
4- as soon as r. message can be 4
_ carried to him from Manila. T
+ President Schurman of the 4 •
**•* Philipppines Commission ca- +
"f bled the President to-day in-
+ formation which indicated the ->- i
♦ readiness of the insurgent "t
+ leader to surrender and recog- 4
4- nize the authority of the "+
+ United States. +
*♦- The President has sent the +
.4. instructions desired. +
♦ It is believed here the in- "♦
+ surrection is at an end, and _£
■♦. there will be no further resist- ♦
_*. ance to the American army. _£
4 ♦
□ <■♦♦♦♦ + + + ++-H**H*++++H
NEW YORK, May 5.—
Herald's Washington cor
respondent sends the following:
Aguinaldo's emissaries to the
American Philippine Commis
sion have formally admitted the
sovereignty of the United States
over the Philippine archipelago.
From a member of the Cabinet
I learned to-night that this ad
h'.i>- was made to- . TEr-jsident
urman at a conference held,
by him with Colonel Arguelles
and Lieutenant Bernal several
days ago. It was in reply to a
direct question put to them by
Mr. Schurman. and the character
of the answer was no doubt as
gratifying to the commission as
it is to the President.
As the result of a dispatch sent
by Mr. Schurman to-day it is the
confident expectation of the
President that the end of the re
bellion is close at hand. This re
sult will no' be obtained without
concessions, which have been
recommend* by the commis
sion, and which, by direction of
the President, will he granted.
These concessions contemplate
giving to the Filipinos a form of
government modeled after that
of the United States.
A member of the Cabinet with
whom I talked told me that the
commission had unanimously
adopted a recommendation
which was submitted to the
President in Mr. Schurman's
dispatch, providing three depart
ments for the government of the
archipelago — first, the executive
department; second, the legisla
tive department; and, third, the
judicial department.
The executive department, as
recommended by the commis
sion. is to consist of a Governor-
General, who shall have an abso
lute veto power over any acts of
the Legislature, and his Cabinet,
formed of leaders among the
Filipinos and Americans. The
legislative department will be or
ganized as a result of granting
suffrage to Filipinos having
property qualification. The
ADMIRAL DEWEY
SOON TO RETURN
© "Ik TEW YORK, May 5.— A Washington special to the Herald says: 9
•* |\ I There is reason to believe President McKinley has been advise,] ,**.
- 1 - I\J that Admiral Dewey contemplates coming home within a short fy
i» J. i time. His return will, of course, be dependent upon the success £
P of the commission's present negotiations with the. Filipinos. As 'A
*- : soon as they have laid down their arms, it is expected he will pro- O
ft ceed with the protected cruiser Olympia to the United States, proba- $
y bly through Suez canal to New York, and come immediately to Wash- i?
2 ington to consult with the President regarding the Philippines. v
# « Rear Admiral Watson, commandant of the Mare Island Navy Yard,
P probably will be selected to succeed Admiral Dewey in command of- the # .
.* Asiatic station. £>
fapggaaawwewg \ o\o\o».o-S0883«8b «*o%v %v\o\C' % c-%-m«sosßQ .*o %•
TONGA ISLANDS NOW
UNDER BRITAIN'S FLAG
KING'S CHAPEL IN THE PALACE GROUNDS AT TONGA.
by kate Mclennan.
TONGA, Friendly Islands, April 11.
— A treaty has been entered Into
between Great Britain and these
islands, but the flag of the great
nation will not be hoisted unless
Germany is nasty.
The series of events leading; up to this
conclusive bit of history making in the
little paradise of the Pacific began to
become apparent to the public about a
month ago. Until March 13 King
George Tubou II was absolute ruler of
: these fertile islands, which cover a
large area and produce an average of
' from eight to twelve thousand tons of
copra annually, and contain about 35,
-! 000 inhabitants. George Tubou as
cended the throne a few years ago,
upon the death of his great grand
j father, George Tubou I. who lived to
the age of nearly 100 years, and the lat
ter part of whose reign was cursed by
the many wars and cruelties practiced
in the name of religion during Shirley
Baker's rule as Premier.
The young King entered upon his
reign beloved by all. He is a magnifi
cent specimen of manhood and looks
every inch. a King, being f- feet 4 Inches
in height and tipping the scales
iat 320 pounds. His reign had :
been without much event until
: last December, when the Ger
i man Vice Consul arrived here from
Samoa and made a demand on this
Government for £25,000, the claims be
ing for debts contracted by Tongans to
German traders. Some of the accounts
i are thirty years old. After considera
tion the Government repudiated these
claims. The Consul notified the Pre-
I mier that unless the full amount were
paid, Germany would send a large war
vessel to sieze Vavau, which contains
the largest and most beautiful harbor
| among the South Sea Islands, with the
exception of that of Papeete, in Ta
hiti.
On Tuesday morning, March 7. to the
surprise of everybody, H. B. M. S. Tau
ranga made her appearance in the har
bor. The captain, coming on shore at
! once, was closeted for a couple of
hours with the King at the palace.
Then the news leaked out that the ves
sel had sailed with cabled dispatches
at a few hours' notice and had on
board £50,000. The King was notified
! that Great Britain considered Ger
i many's claim just, but did not propose
to let her take Vavau, or any other part
of this group, so offered to pay the
; claims and protect these little islands
that Germany is so eager to acquire.
President will be* empowered to!
appoint members of. the judiciary,
just as he will be empowered to
appoint the Governor-General. ;
What the Cabinet officer with
whom I talked regarded as the
best feature of the whole matter
was the acceptance of the com
mission's proposition by the Fili
pmo envoys. ,1 -learned that be
fore the submission of this prop
osition to them they had assert-
Ed that they did not represent
General Luna, but Aguinaldo.
It is believed the presentation of
the commission's propositions
was in compliance with a request
of the Filipinos, who desired to
know what the promises made
by the United States really
meant. The first proposition
made by them to the commission
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY" 6, 1899.
♦ KING GEORGE of Tonga 1
"¥ 1
The details of the agreement entered
into between King George and the
commander of the Tauranga leaked out
slowly. It is not the intention of the
British at this time to annex those
islands, comprising the Vavau, Haapi
and Tonga groups. The British and
King George have merely formed a
treaty of alliance, offensive and defen
sive, the German claims will be paid
when • presented, and the Kaiser has
been checkmated in one more game of
grab in the South Seas. If he does not
like the play it is his move, British
was for an armistice, during
which the Filipinos proposed to
call together their congress and
through that body arrange for
peace. This proposition was '; re
fused without consideration.
It was then admitted, the Cab
inet officer said, that the Filipino
army was too weak to stand
against the American force,
which was greatly its superior.
Aguinaldo, the envoys de
clared, is not lighting for the in
dependence of the country so
much as for the honor of his
army, and they thought it hu
miliating that they should be
compelled to lay down their arms
without first understanding what
the United States proposed to
do with them. If the United
States persisted in overriding
the Filipinos by force Colonel
Arguelles declared the natives
would retreat to the mountains
and would continue for years a
| guerrilla warfare, which would
ibe to the great injury of the
I United States.
Mr. Schurman's communica
tion made a deep' impression
upon the Cabinet meeting to
day, and after the meeting it was
; stated that the situation' in
! Luzon, aside from its military
feature, is most encouraging. In
the instructions given to Mr.
guns will cover King George and Tonga
has been changed from an absolute
monarchy to a virtual dependency of
the world-covering empire.
Who is to be Queen of Tonga? is the
question that is on everybody's tongue
at present. The steamer has just ar
rived. ' -inging hundreds of pounds
worth of wines, jewels and medals and
decorations for a new order to be in
stituted by George Tubou the day he
is wedded. The chiefs have been called
from all the islands of this group to
cast' their vote, and that vote decides
the queen question. Ofa is the favorite
of the outside island chiefs. I
have just heard June 19 is to be the
wedding day and the festivities will
last a whole month.
Copra is coming in in great quanti
ties and now that the hurricane season
has passed without a blow this will be
a good year. Copra brings, f. o. b., $55
per ton, and when one realizes that
the old nuts simply fall from the tree
and are cut in half and the kernel dried
it is all profit.
The great money throwing festival in
the churches has just finished, girls
going up and down the aisle of the
great church carrying huge tin wash
basins,' int.) which the gentle heathen
throw's all his wealth when his name
is called out and received with shouts
of praise The basins as soon as filled
are emptied into a huge washtub at
the King's feet. This screaming and
shouting is kept up all day, till the
last cent is drawn from the poor native,
who goes home hungry to his grass hut,
with only a singlet and vala on, while
the missionary rides home to his cozy
dinner and counts at leisure the bags j
of money, no account of it being given
to any one else. Besides this annual j
money throwing each native pays a j
shilling quarterly for being allowed to j
be a member of the church. Then
there is a baby money throwing, when
mothers carry their almost naked lit- j
tie ones to the table and let them drop
in the shillings. I understand at some
of these money throwlngs as much as:
$3000 has been thrown in from one
island alone. Yet collections are going
on all over the civilized world to help
the poor missionary. If they would j
only teach the natives common sense
and how to save their money for sick
ness and how to keep their homes com
fortable it would be to their credit. In :
all my travels I find the Catholics the j
only ones who seem to train the chil
dren for useful lives. Though I do not
belong to that denomination yet I fain
would give credit where it is due.
Schurman and ; his : colleagues
they have been directed to act in
a conciliatory, manner toward
the insurgents, ; and .it is , the mas
terly way in which the commis
sion has conducted its work to
which the administration be
lieves its success is due.
Mr. Schurman did not indicate
in his dispatch- whether Colonel
Arguelles and- Lieutenant Ber
nal had returned. to Aguinaldo's
headquarters, but it is the under
standing of the President that
immediately after the receipt of
the instructions sent to-day the
commission will communicate
without delay/with the Filipino
envoys.
It has been impressed upon
the commission that before the
Filipinos are granted peace they
must lay down their arms, and
when they have taken this action
and returned to their homes
then will be put in operation the
form of government which has
been recommended by the com
mission.
The commission will no doubt
make it plain to Colonel Ar
guelles and , Lieutenant Bernal
that the President, cannot guar
antee that the form of govern
ment recommended by the com
mission shall be continued, but a
Continued on Second race.
CARNEGIE
OPPOSED TO
THE TRUSTS
Believes the Country Is on
the Verge of Political
Revolution.
SELLS OCT TO FIGHT
As a Monopolist He Could Not
Battle Against Combines and
Imperialism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Anarew Carnegie has sold out
his great interests in the iron
trade — not because he wants to
retire from business, but because
he is opposed to trusts, which, he
believes, will lead to a political
revolution in this country in the
near future,
He is saio to oes/re, when that
j time comes, to be on the side ot
those who oppose monopoly.
PITTSBURG, -May 5. — Andrew-
ITTSBURG, May 5. — Andrew-
Carnegie's retirement from the
steel business has aroused con
siderable interest here in his old
home, but to many his decision
has caused no surprise. Carnegie viewed
with uneasiness the gradual incorpora
tion of the various iron and steel in
dustries into trusts, and anticipated the
time when his company, in self-defense,
must follow in the same line.
Mr. Carnegie believes that trusts will
yet lead to a political revolution, and
he is said not to like them. The near
est approach to one he was ever in,
the famous steel rail pool, was only a
temporary agreement as to prices be
tween business competitors. Several
weeks ago Carnegie referred somewhat
sarcastically to the modern industrial
combination, "with its trappings of pre
ferred and common stock and bonds,"
and said ,he preferred the "old-fash
ioned way" of selling iron and steel.
It is well known the famous iron
master is an anti-imperialist, and
thinks the coming Presidential cam
paign will be fought with the anti-trust
and the anti-expansion people on the
same side. As chief stockholder in the
Carnegie Company, and that company
a member of the trust monster, he
would occupy an illogical position in
the anti-trust, anti-expansion party.
By selling out his interest he will be
able to devote his time, attention and
money to his endeavor to brine about
the success of the anti-expansion prop
aganda.
To the suggestion that the hatred en
tertained toward him by union labor
may cause his advocacy of any public
question to be of doubtful utility to the
cause, his friends reply that it was not
Carnegie, but H. C. Frick. who con
ducted the Homestead strike, that his
approval of Frick's course was only a
demonstration of lor* Ity to a business
partner, and that he considers himself
really a good friend of labor.
Carnegie could not associate with any
party believing in free silver at 16 to
1, but he has confidence in himself and
expects to be able to eliminate that
troublesome question from the next
campaign. '
Indeed, the theory is advanced that
his decision to retire from the trust
threatened business field may have
been born at the famous conference
which he and W. J. Bryan held in New
York last winter. -
WILL BEAT
BRIAN WITH
THE TRUSTS
Southern Leaders Plotting to
Make Free Silver a Sec
ondary Issue.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex.. May s.— Democratic
leaders in the Texas Legislature are in
receipt of advices that there is an or
ganized movement on foot in all the
Southern States to down Bryan by hav
ing concerted action taken in the mat
ter of fighting the trusts. The move
ment was started in Arkansas, the
home of Chairman Jones, by the intro
duction in the Legislature of an anti
trust bill, and it is reported here that
the movement will be carried all over
the Southern States.
"The politicians in the movement, I
am told, believe that by pushing this
fight against trusts to the front they
can overshadow Bryan and his views
on silver and imperialism and can thus
relegate him to the rear. While he is
opposed to trusts, he makes it a sec
ondary consideration, and the political
leaders propose to make it one of the
great issues.
In* fact, according to» information re
ceived here, the next Presidential cam
paign will find this anti-trust scheme
the main issue. i-7.- f-li" '.
. ♦ ■
Will Star With Frawley.
WASHINGTON, May 5.— T. Daniel
Frawley informed a Call representative
to-night that Blanche Bates will play a
starring engagement with the Frawley
, Company, commencing May 29.
LED INTO
A TRAP BY
GERMANS
How the Allied Forces
Were Ambushed in
Samoa.
CAPTAIN HUFNAGEL.
PLANTER POINTED
OUT THEIR WAY
Ensign Monaghan Vainly Sacri
ficed His Life to Save Poor
Lansdale.
APIA, April 21.—Following
up the line of operations
for the purpose of reliev
ing the troops of the" in
cessant worry of night
attacks, and of clearing the
rebels from the ' Immediate
, neighborhood .of the inhabited
portion of Apia, on April the
day before Easter Sunday,
H. M. S. Royalist steamed a few
miles to windward to support an
armed force under Lieutenant
Freeman, first officer of H. M. S.
Tauranga, which was to pro
ceed along the beach route as
far as Letogo village and try to
drive back a number of rebels
in the Vailele plantation. Of
late the troops at the English
and American Consulates had
been subjected to attacks by
parties of these rebels from Vai
lele. It was intended to follow
the same route on the home
ward journey, so as to be under
the guns of the Royalist all the
way. The land party was made
up as follows: Americans, 60,
including 20 marines; English,
62; total, whites 122 and about
120 natives, who were indiffer
ently armed and without discip
line.
Lieutenant Gaunt and his bri
gade were away at Savaii with
the Porpoise, else perhaps this
would never have been written.
General directions were given
by Captain Stuart, in command
of the united forces on . shore,
after a consultation with the
admiral, and Lieutenant Free
man, first officer of the Tau
ranga, was in charge of the
party. Under Freeman* were
Lieutenants Cav<- of the Por
poise and Hickmann of the.Roy
alist, and fn#m the flagship were
Lieutenant Philip V. Lansdale,
U. S. N., senior officer; Ensigns
J. R. Monaghan, U. S. N.,' and
Lieutenant Perkins, U. S. M. C.
Dr. Lung of the Philadelphia
accompanied the expedition.
The Royalist shelled Vailele
village, which was burned. The
march of the land force along
the beach was continued to Le
* togo, five miles from Apia, and
"that also was burned. The head station of the plantation is at Svga, +
perhaps less than a third of a mile from Legoto. ; U ; ©
Here Lieutenant Cave, who was ahead of the forces, saw Captain T
Hufnagel, the German manager. He asked the manager if any Sa- ?
moans had been around in that direction. None had been near that q
day, was the manager's reply. At that very moment and within a few +.
hundred yards of the speakers were a large body of rebels. q
Hufnagel advised the return home to be made by way of the main +-
road through the plantations. Everything was quite safe, he said; no ©
rebels had been about. Three other Germans were with Hufnagel and "*•*"
heard this conversation. No one gave any warning of danger. The ©
friendlies crossed the Letogo Creek, set fire to the houses and returned q
to the bluejackets, who had waited for them just past the station house. 4
"Homeward" was the order. '5
No sooner had they got to the gate leading out of the station prem- q
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LIST OF DEAD
AND WOUNDED
»" " APIA, April 21.— The following is +
j" a complete list of dead to date: .4.
[ , AMERICANS. ©
► PHILIP V. LANSDALE, Lieu- q
» tenant, United States navy. +
I , J.--.R.. MONAGHAN, ensign, O
V United States navy. ~£
I I. • BUTLER, coxswain, United "
;. - States navy. O
>- NORMAN E. EDSALL, electri- +
'y : ciari, United States navy. i
>> THOMAS HOLLOWAY. private, ©
H United States Marine Corps. +
► JOHN E. MUDGE, private, 9
► United States Marine Corps. Q
► ENGLISH. $
►*/. E. A. FREEMAN, first lieuten- ©
» ant. Royal navy. +
£ • A. H. I. THORNBERRY, seaman, O
y Royal navy. . >"' *"
" EDMUND HALLORAN, ordinary ©
,> seaman, Royal navy. ~
►. MONTAGUE RODGERS. ordi- "
_ nary seaman, Royal navy. q
£ JOHN LONG, leading seaman, 4.
►- Royal navy. ©
» JOHN PROUT, leading seaman, £
9 - Royal navy. +
►- The wounded are as follows: ©
I AMERICANS. $
£ I. H. "Wellington, coxswain', shot £»
$► in right elbow. +
•** E. Andrews, fireman, shot in right ©
s> .a.
£. leg above knee. q
$> : J. C. Johns, landsman, shot in >
t left shoulder. ©
y- J. W. Laird, landsman, shot in +
» left hip. $
t John F. McCarthy, private, shot q
y in right wrist. -4.
; ENGLISH. O
£, Foxworthy, R. M., and Robert q
y Hunt. The last named was knocked +
$> senseless at Tagalu. The rebels ©
¥- thought him dead and cut off his X
? right ear. The shock brought him +
« to, and though unconscious of his ©
t actions by reason of scalp wound, jj
l. he escaped. +
!♦»♦»»♦♦ <«> 4 <$>4 <$•♦ 9 ♦<$>♦<->+ <-H-<S>+<. ©2
ises, and only 100 yards distant from the house, than at a bend in the
road 400 yards away large numbers of rebels were seen. The Colt auto
malic gun. of which the natives have such a dread, was immediately
brought forward.' It refused to act. The rebels got off clear and a halt
was made to fix the gun, which had been assembled by the armorer only
the da*-' before. It took a half hour to do so. Lieutenant Lansdale.
under whose orders the gun then was, took a few trial shots and the
gun worked all right.
Along the road marched the troops, native friendlles first. The
Junction of beach and main plantation was reached. Misled by the
information of Hufnagel, it was decided to return by the main road.
The open space where the Germans were massacred by Mataafa was
passed and down the winding road through the Tagalu gully marched
the combined fore.-. The friendlies went straight up the western bank,
all covered with buffalo grass, while along the curving road the sailors
went at double quick. Tagalu Valley is one of the loveliest in tic* Pa
cific; steep slopes on both sides, green with buffalo grass. Here and
there on th- slopes are cocoanuts. At the bottom is a purling stream,
which Issues from a patch of brush, kept to preserve the stream, cat
tle standing up to their knees in the cool water, a couple of beautiful
date palms and a huge double mango tree in the center of the valley
complete the picture to those who know tropical life. To those who do
not there is no picture— the eye must see for the mind to conceive such
beauty.
On the top of the west slope, just after the last of the troops had
ascended and had begun to march through the open cocoanut planta
tion along the main road, the rebels, who had taken up a position in
land of the road, fired upon them. The line was about 300 or 400 yards in
length. Both sides of the road are fenced with barbed wire for stock
purposes. The beach runs parallel about one-half mile away. Inland
is all buffalo grass and cocoanut trees, and after a distance from the
road the land drops and a crest is formed. Behind this crest were the
rebels. Many were lying In the long grass also ; some were up cocoanut
trees and screened from view by the gigantic leaves.
The Colt gun was again brought to the fore— again it refused to
act. Lieutenant Lansdale went to it to ,1 . what he could and was
shot in the knee and was incapable of marching afterward.
At this time, right at the beginning of the fight Lieutenant Freeman
was shot through the chest He fell dead. The friendlies, subjected to
heavy fire by a foe whom they could not see, except in a few Instances,
with no discipline and only a scanty supply of cartridges, fell into dis
order and retreated through the fence toward the beach, disorganizing
the combined forces.
The Colt automatic gun, which had not fired a single shot, was
rendered useless by taking away some of the mechanism and 3000 rounds
of ammunition belonging to the gun were scattered about the field to
prevent it falling into the hands of the rebels.
Retreat was imperative; no one of the combined force would have
lived to tell the tale If they had kept on the main toad longer. Th
rebels had gone round on the east and west sides and were firing on
three sides. Toward the sea, through barbed wire fences and heavy
vegetation of bananas and taro, was the only way of safety. With
Lansdale wounded. Freeman dead. Lieutenants Cave and Perkins and
Dj*. Lung, who had assumed command of the part*. agreed that that
was their only way. Through the scrub and grass the sailors retired.
Lansdale, assisted by men, covered part of the retreat without further
hurt.
The nature of the location split up the force into parties. The men
deployed in open order. Mutual support was Impossible. The firing by
the rebels was severe. Lansdale, who was with two men and Mon
aghan, urged them to leave him to his fate. One man was shot dead.
The other, seeing he could not save his officer, retreated and escaped.
naghan refused to go and stayed by his fellow officer. *
The next morning when the friendlies under Tamasese visited the
field both were found dead some two hundred yards apart. Mona
ghan's revolver was empty, so was Lansdale's. Between them lay three
bodies of the foe. Monaghan. before th" last man left him, shot the
chief, Aiono, dead as he was advancing on Lansdale.
Deserters from Mataafa's side relate how Monaghan. stood over
Lansdale until Lansdale was shot dead, and then tried to escape, but
was unable to do so.
The beach was reached and it was found that four men were miss
ing besides the officers, namely: Edsall and Butler from the Philadel
phia, and Long and Trout from the British ships. Dr. Lung, who had
been conspicuous for his coolness and bravery under fire, took command
of the forces of Lansdale and Monaghan and under the fire of the
Royalist the rebels fell back. On the home march reinforcements were
met coming to the rescue — all returned together. Several of the Malie
toa natives lost their lives.
Th.- decapitated bodies of the three officers were recovered on the
field next morning and later on the heads were sent Into Apia, through
the medium of Brother Phillippe of the Catholic mission, who visited
the rebel camp for that purpose. On Easter Sunday the seven dead offi
cers and men were burled in one large grave at Mulinuu. All the lead
ing American nd British officials and residents were present. Ger
mans were conspicuous by their absence, the only one present being
Pastor Margraf of the German school, who had known Lansdale in
the United States and who sent a beautiful wreath in memory of their
friendship.
The German warship Falke had her flag at half-mast and sent two
wreaths entwined with the German national colors.
The decapitated heads arrived too late fur the funeral, but not be
fore the grave was tilled. The coffins were opened and the heads of
the officers put into them. Lieutenant Freeman had his ears cut off,
besides being decapitated. The bluejackets only had their ears cut off.
In the fight there were killed on the Mataafa side forty-three and
fifty wounded; many of the latter are expected to die.
DECLARES A BRITISH
OFFICER RAN AWAY
American Accuses English Leader
of Cowardice in the Apia
Battle.
The following letter was written to the Associated Press by J. H.
Moors, an American who is noted as being an ardent sympathizer with
Mataafa.
APIA, Samoa, April 19.— Those who
believed that the war in Samoa
would come to a speedy end. and
that when the Mataafa forces
found tho warships and ail the
-modern appliances of warfare di
rected against them by tried and capa
ble men they would quickly and humbly
sue for peace have Indeed been greatly
disappointed. Five weeks of continuous
activity by four modern warships, bom
bardment after bombardment, machine
gunning and assaults with Tanu support
ers armed with new Martini rifles by the
naval forces, and supplied with unlimited
ammunition, have so far been ineffective
against the supporters of the late provis
ional government, who defend themselves
with great bravery and wonderful per
sistency.
At this writing a battle la going on at
Vaillma, close about tho residence of the
late R. 1... Stevenson, and well with the
Apia municipality. The shots can be dis
tinctly beard from the beach, and a long
string of wounded has just been brought
In. and a number of the dead have al
ready been burled. These represent the
loss on the Tanu ride. As the Mataafa
men have been fighting must of the day
behind fortifications, they probably have
not suffered so much.
At 7 a. m. Lieutenant Gaunt, who has
charge of a force of 150 Tanu men. who
have been supplied with new Martinis
and somewhat drilled, marched out on
the Tlvoli road to the line of Tanu's for
tifications. A little later Tamasese and
his forces departed for the front. Prob
ably 1500 men were massed about a mile
back of Apia.
At 8 a. m. Captain Sturdee sent word
to all the whites living in the neighbor
hood of the line of lire that he was about
to bombard Vailele again. it has been
found necessary to clear out all the peo
ple, as much of the ammunition has been
found defective, and a number of painful
accidents and out death have resulted
from this cause.
The assault on the Mataafa fortification
commenced about 10:30 a. m. and the Tanu
assailants were strongly supported by de
tachments from both the Porpoise and
the Tauranga, while the Philadelphia men
guarded the consulates. No success
marked the first assault and It is
probable the bombardment was as
usual entirely ineffective. After a time a
heavy machine gun was got up on the
road and commenced to play upon' that
portion of the fort that was exposed to It.
Later it was thought an attempt might be
made to take the place if the Tanu men
could be braced up to it. The assault was
at first successful, as the Mataafa men
had been driven from that point by the
machine gun. As soon, however, as this
piece stopped work the Mataafa men ral
lied, and with a rush drove out their
•aemles. killing and wounding a number
and in all likelihood losing men them
selves.
The Tanu forces were compelled to re
treat precipitately and are now back in
the neighborhood of those lines they held
this morning before the fight. The bom
bardment this afternoon was for the pur
pose of again attempting to destroy the
fortifications. As they are concealed from
view and protected by a dense tropical
growth In which some of the hardwood
trees are five feet through, it is a very
difficult matter to make the least impres
sion by the use of shells. Hundreds of
these costly missiles have been hurled at
the Mataafa people by the finest guns and
the most expert crews In the world, but
up to the present there Is no record of a
single person having been killed, outside
of the marine who was hurt at the United
States Consulate on the first day of the
fighting and of which I have already writ
ten. The poor fellow has since died of his
injuries.
On the first day of this present month
the most serious fight of the war took
place at Vailele, on the very same ground
on which was formerly fought the noted
engagement between the forces of Mat la
fa and the German warships some ten
years ago, and again three of the fallen
sail were decapitated according to Sa
moan custom, and but for the timely as
sistance of one of the warships the whole
party would have been annihilated. Again
the decapitated heads were sent back to
the friends just in time for interment
with the bodies.
On Sunday, the 22d of April, the coffins
containing the remains of these gallant
; seamen were landed at Mulinuu, large
i detachments from all the ships being
present. This now makes twelve whites
who have perished in this quarrel and
have been laid to rest alongside cf
I the German victims of the Vailele fight,
• which occurred ten years ago.
At 1:30 o'clock on the Ist of April the.
! Royalist moved out of the harbor to the
eastward, where some of the Mataafa
• forces were known to bet located. At 2:30
'p. m. sixty British sailors and forty
! Americans, taking with them a Colt au
tomatic gun, proceeded along the beach
toward Vailele. Following them In a dis
orderly way were about 200 Tanu men.
This party was unmolested until it had
nearly crossed the Vailele plantation. At
Captain Hufnagel's drying works they
met the well-known manager and asked
if he had seen any Mataafa men about,
! and he assured the officer In charge that
■he had not. The party then started to
! return, taking a route which led them
a little more inland. They had descended
into a small ravine, which was filled with
long grass, and were about to ascend the
other side of it when from all quarters
they were met by a shower of. bullets,
several being hit. and among the number
Lieutenant Lansdale of the Philadelphia
was struck badly in the knee.
A charge was made down the ravine
and up its far side, the wounded being
carried along, and Lansdale, being
dragged through a wire fence, badly
scratched his face. An attempt was made
to drive off the natives with the automat
ic gun from this position, and it is con
tended that this might have been done
if the machine had not got jammed and
useless. From all sides bullets were com
ing, but very few natives were to be seen,
as they availed themselves of every sort
of shelter. While attending one of the
wounded the commander of the British
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY G, 1599.
WIRELESS REPORTS
OF YACHT RACES
MarcoQi System of Telegraphy
to Be Tested Across the
Atlantic.
9 LONDON, May 5. — According to a statement made to the carre
ls spondent here of the Associated Press by the secretary of the Wireless
§ Telegraph Company, the first attempt to transmit Atlantic messages by
«* the Marconi system will be made during the contests for the America's
S cup. Stations will be established at Sandy Hook and elsewhere along
0 the course laid out for the great yacht race, from which the entire con
st test will be visible. Messages recording the progress of the races will
Q be transmitted from the stations to a point on the Irish coast, in the
0 neighborhood of Waterville.
J«5 The secretary of the Wireless Telegraph Company added that Sir
8 Thomas Lipton and th.- authorities of the United States and Great
•3 Britain had been notified of the project and all had expressed them
£♦ selves as being deeply interested.
»
•• ,o\ov:'V> v:> : .0!?0!*0.%O , .'OO.% 0 .iO??0!.O.*0:??0!*0 11 3MKS.JC8SOK03K
force was shot dead, a ball passing di
rectly through his heart.
The natives, recovering courage when
they saw that the machine gun was out
of order, rushed a section of the British
line, chopping one chap very badly with
their long knives and getting away with
his ear. During this portion of the gam
the remaining British officer ran away as
hard as he could, though his men san
out after him, calling to him to stand Ilk
a soldier and not to run. like a cowan
Al! the ammunition and the breech piece
were taken from the machine gun and an
attempt at a retreat was made, Lansda
was helped quite a distance, but as th
meti began to run he Implored his assist
ant to save his own life and leave him to
hit- fate. Noticing that Lansdale had been
left, Ensign Monaghan rushed back to
him, defending his friend with his revol
ver. As a British tailor, who was the
last to get out of this fight, passed on th
: run, he tells me, he. saw M aghan shot
through the chest and Lansdale hit again
several times.,
j The whole force was driven to the beach,
I where they sought what shelter they
i could find, while the Royalist, which ha
i been wig-wagged to, Bent shells Into the
I advancing Mataafa lines.
Two British and two American officers
j thus lost their lives and three sailors were
killed outright and a number wounded. Of
j course the Samoan allies fled at the first
| fire, ana although a number of them were
j wounded it is not so far known that any
! were killed. Monoghan might have easily
} escaped with the rest, but he gallantly
, sacrificed his life to save his friend.
By shelling the beach behind and ahead
of them the Royalist was enabled to es
i cort the party back to Apia, but the Ma-
I taafa men could be seen dodging from
rock to rock and from tree to tree, follow-
Ing up very closely, and the last shells
which the warship threw were sent ashore
! within half a mile of Apia. During the
I whole night following this vessel laid off
i just to windward of Apia, throwing shells
to keep the Mataafa forces from attack
ing the consulates, it Is not known how
many Mataafa men were killed. One was
seen to fall out of a cocoanut tree, where
he had esconsced himself, and three dead
were found on the ground by the teach
ers, who were permitted to go out after
the bodies of the slain. It is not vet
likely, however, that these people lost
very many men, as they generally kept
j well under shelter.
On Sunday, the 2d of April, the coffins
containing the remains of the gallant sea
men were landed at Mulinuu, large de
tachments from all ships being present.
This now makes twelve whites who have
perished in this quarrel and have been
laid to rest close alongside the German
victims of the Vailele fight, which oc
: curred ten years ago.
On April 3 it was decided to again treat
the Mataafa forces to a general bom
bardment. Accordingly the Royaust and
Tauranga went to sea and lav off Mataite
and Vailele. the Royalist lay off Vaitele,
and the Philadelphia from her anchorage
commenced in good earnest senu.ng hun
j dreds of heavy shells- in all directions.
| Within a few hours news was at hand in
i town that not a single Mataafa man had
I been hit. During the firing it was no
i ticed that a number of American shells
1 burst prematurely, and since that date
' it has been the rule to give all non
: combatants time to remove from the line
of tire before operations are commenced.
The Royalist and Porpoise have been
kept very busy steaming up and down
: the coast of Upolu bombarding wherever
: they saw signs of life. Lieutenant Gaunt
of the Porpoise had been employed
ashore drilling a company of 150 natives,
who have been provided with Martini
rifles of the latest patent and abundant
! ammunition. This company has been
used a number of times in conjunction
with the warships and their armed
steam launches. Generally they would
leave here during the night and their
boats would be towed behind the man-of
: war until in the morning when they were
opposite some undefended village. Then
after a bombardment by the big ship
the steam launches would, get in close
I and speed the place with their machine
guns, after which Lieutenant Gaunt and
his rangers would land and fire the
houses, getting off safely in most In
stances. However, of late the natives
are leaving a. few picked men at home,
and the Gaunt force has been reduced in
numbers in several warm lights. On the
loth Inst, it was undertaken to treat the
town of Tuanai in that fashion, but
' ('aunt's men found themselves in a very
i bad scrape. Within a few moments after
: landing they were compelled to take shel
: ter behind some rocks along the beach.
Gaunt himself frantically blew his re
i call whistle, dropped his revolver and
' swam to the boats. When the Are slack
ened a bit Ids men were able to run for
it too They were brought back to Apia
1 by the Porpoise, and it is not likely they
' will undertake any more burnings close
i to the main line of the Mataafa forces.
On the 24th of March the Auckland
steamer brought to Apia copies of "The
Samoan Question," alittle pamphlet issued
by William Cooper, formerly Municipal
Magistrate, an able lawyer and a fair
minded man. His argument entirely sup
ports the Mataafa side of the question.
On the 28th of March a raid was made
1 from Apia on Manlani. This was headed
by Tamasese. supported by a considerable
body of sailors and a machine gun. These
people returned with one head In a bas
ket, shouting as they went along the main
street of Apia that they had three heads.
Later In the day the captain of the Tau
ranga went to Mulinuu, where Tanu
resides, and told him that if the practice
of head-cutting was again indulged in
he would order his men to kill the first
one caught doing it.
Most of the houses of white residents
who lived in the suburbs and who have
supported the Tanu side of the question
have been pillaged and their furniture de
stroyed. So far none of the houses have
been fired, although they have for weeks
been within the lines of the Mataafa war
riors.
The mail steamer which arrived from
San Francisco two weeks ago brought
news that Admiral Kautz was to Investi
gate matters here and only to use force
In case of emergency. It is not thought
' that the admiral has made any partic
: ular investigation. He was only here a
i few days when the fighting commenced,
I and during that time he did not appear to
seek any information outside of that al
, ready furnished by the British and
American Consuls.
On tho 13th of April the Haurote ar
' rived from Auckland bringing late cable
grams which stated that the Samoan
| kingship question was to be settled by
1 an International commission; that Presi
-1 dent McKinley had expressed his sorrow
I that fighting had commenced here, and
I that he had stated he had ordered Admi
ral Kautz to act in a conciliatory man
ner and to bring the war to a close with
out further fighting, if possible. The day
; upon which this news was received the
' admiral left for Pago-Pago In company
with a collier to take In fuel. The Tau
ranga, Porpoise and Royalist remained
behind at Apia. After the admiral's de
parture the Porpoise and Royalist have
been bombarding . native villages and
landing sailors to devastate the coun
try. On April 17 Captain Sturdeo person
; ally led a shore party, but the Mataafa
people avoided them. They have made
no attacks during the last fifteen days,
and have sent in word that they believed
their cause to he so just that the powers
on Investigation would grant all they
asked; that they wanted no more fight
ing, and would accept the decision of the
powers. If the admiral, who Is supposed
to be In command of this whole move
ment, has left orders to maintain the
peace, his orders have not been obeyed.
Justice Chambers still remains here,
but it is expected he will soon leave. Os
borne remains at the consulate.:" ...*:' ;
On April 19 a Mataafan fort was cap
tured and a small German flag was found
In It. Doubtless In this fort will be found
more German, American and British
] flags. It has been the custom here for
j many years during war time to designate
! the ownership of deserted property by af-
I fixing to It one of these flags. Consider
■ able German property is located around
I and inside this fort, and this captured
[ German flag was doubtless used for the
| purpose mentioned. .
It is reported that a large consignment
of arms arrived to-day from Sydney, and
that they are to be distributed among
I the Tanu men. For the past ten years
I it has been the desire of the powers to.
disarm the Samoans. These people are
j fast expending their ammunition and
I soon would be quite helpless. It is sin-
I gular to note that the very powers which
! have long deplored the strength of the
, Samoans now seek themselves to add
I to it.
AGUINALDO
WILL RAISE
WRITE FLAG
Continued from First Page.
promise will be made that a
recommendation of the govern
ment of this character will be
made to Congress and everything
possible will be done to secure
its adoption. This, in the opinion
of the administration officials,
should satisfy the Filipinos and
bring peace, which the adminis
tration and the Filipinos are so
anxious to secure.
HELD IN CHECK
BY THE CALIFORNIANS
Mac Arthur Continues to Drive the
Filipinos Before Him to the
Northward.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•♦♦♦•♦•♦
♦ +
4- NEW FORK, May 6.— A cable -♦■
4 to the Sun from Manila says: *♦•
4 This morning the Monadnock is ♦
4 bombarding Paranaque. The 4
4 town of Paranaque is four miles 4
4 south of Manila. The place has 4
-♦* been bombarded several times by -f
4 the same vessel. 4
4 ♦
4-4- + ♦♦ + ♦ + + + + + + + + + -+ +
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett. __
MANILA, May s.— General Oven
shine's brigade was made last night
the object of attack by the insurgents
south of this city. Apparently the
enemy hoped to break the American
line, but the Fourth Infantry, against
which the Filipinos directed their main
fire, held firm. The Americans were
under fire for several hours. The noise
1 of the musketry caused great fright in
Ma late.
A demonstration was made by the
natives beyond San Pedro Macate dur
ing the night. The Idaho and Califor
nia outposts were engaged.
This morning General Hale, with two
battalions of the Fifty-first lowa regi
ment and a Hotchkiss gun, advanced
on San Fernando, his men Hanking the
town on the right. The Americans
were compelled to wade across two
shallow streams to reach the town.
When they approached San Fernando
they found that the main body of the
enemy had deserted that place yester
day, "fleeing northward. Only a small
garrison was left to make a defense.
When our troops were in the middle
of the second stream which they had
to cross the Filipinos opened a brisk fire
on them. If they thought to hold the
Americans in check they were wo
fully disappointed, for the lowans, with
cheers and shouts, scrambled up the
bank of the river nearest the town, and
then matters became lively for the
Filipinos.
Without a moment's hesitation the
Americans rushed the position held
by the enemy and drove them out.
Then they chased them through the
town and a mile beyond. It was simply
a footrace, in which the lightly equip
ped natives had the advantage, unless
they were halted by bullets, as many
of them were.
When our troops returned to the
town they found f,hat the churches,
convent, railroad station and several
other buildings had been burned by the
Filipinos. The town was strongly forti
fied, and if the rebels had not lost heart
they could have inflicted severe losses
on our forces before tne place was cap
tured. South of the town there was
a double line of loopholed, zigzag
trenches, the construction of which
showed good military knowledge. These
trenches could easily have been held
for a long time against superior force
if the defenders had been willing to
fight. The very fact that they were
abandoned by the main body of the in
surgents is proof of the demoralization
in the Filipino army. There were also
several Spanish blockhouses, which
could have been utilized for defense,
but, strangely enough, were put to no
use.
A Spanish prisoner, who was former
ly a principal official, was left behind
when the enemy retreated. He stated
that General Antonio Luna, the rebel
commander, was wounded in the chest
in yesterday's fighting in front of San
Tomas. He added that the Filipino
troops were completely demoralized
and had retreated in great disorder.
Later in the day General Mac Arthur
moved the remainder of his division to
San Fernando. The greater part of
the residence portion of the town is
intact. Many of the inhabitants who
fled before or with the troops left all
their household goods behind them.
General Lawton has established
headquarters at Balinag. He has sent
Colonel Summers, with two battalions
each of the Oregon and Minnesota
regiments, beyond Maasand to capture
IMP MAY BE THE
PUBLIC'S CHOICE
Big Field Carded in the
Metropolitan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May s.— Although the
racing season in New York City began
over a fortnight ago at Aqueduct the real
opening of the sport will be to-morrow,
when the gates of Morris Park will be
thrown open for the spring meeting of the
Westchester Racing Association. The
chief event on to-morrow's card is the
Metropolitan handicap, and sixteen are
announced as starters, although a baker's
dozen is more likely to be the number to
face the starter. Nearly all have been
highly trained and some of them have al
ready shown considerable speed at Aque
duct.
Trials are more or less deceptive, but
Don de Oro is reported to have made the
distance in a shade under 1:41, while oth
ers have done no better than 1:42. There
was, however, a strong feeling at the
track to-day that the fast Western mare
Imp would be the favorite, and that the
horse that heat her would have to make
a new track record. It was generally
conceded that the race was more open
than any that had been run in a long
time and hints of surprises- were in the
air. The entries and weights follow:
The Metropolitan, withers mile-
Algol 128 Box 109
St. Cloud llti;Filigrane 102
Don de ore 117 Caoutchouc 95
Banastar 113lTwlnkler 99
Firearm 113 Acrobat '•'•
Floronso 11- Great Land 95
gwlftroas .10jSan_ens llrt
Previous llOllmp 112
TEBEAU'S MEN FALL
BEFORE THE REDS
Philadelphia Defeats Baltimore and
Is Crowding the Leaders in the
League Race.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs- W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 11 4 .733 Louisville ... 8 9 .EOO
Philadelphia. l 3 5 .722 Baltimore ... 8 10 .444
Chicago 12 6 .666 New York... 6 9 .100
Brooklyn ....11 .' .611 Pittsburg ... 5 9 .357
. Boston 10 8 .&(■:.• Washington.. 4 13 .235
Cincinnati ..7 7 .6001 Cleveland ... 3 12 .200
CINCINNATI, May a.— Halm was a puzzle
for Tebeau's tribe to-day.' Three hits -were
made off him In the first inning, but only one
after that. The Beds found Young easy. At
tendance, 2300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Cincinnati 5 13 1
St. Louis - 4 2
Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; Young and O'Con
nor. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
BALTIMORE, May s.— The Phillies found
Nor-s to their liking to-day and batted out a
victory. Wheeler was a puzzle to the Orioles
and but for passes to first and a hit batsman
the locals would have scored but one run. The
game was slow and uninteresting. Attendance,
1000. Score :
clubs- rt- H. E.
Baltimore * ** l
Philadelphia 6 13 1
Batteries— Nops and Robinson; Wheeler and
McFarland. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
PITTSBURG. May s.— lt was a nic even
game up to the eighth inning, when, with two
men out, I'llngman let Leever go to first on a
fumble and Donovan brought him in with a
home run. Louisville failed to score in the
ninth. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs- . R- H. _.
Pittsburg ] " I
Louisville - •■• 5 10 i
Batteries— and Bowerman; Philippi
and Klttredge. Umpires— O' Day and Brennan.
CLEVELAND, May s.— Cleveland was clearly
outplayed by Chicago at even* point to-day.
The men from the West plied up hits about us
they pleased. Attendance," 129. Score:
Clubs— R H - X :
Cleveland - ° ]
Chicago ll " *
Batteries— Carsey and Zlmmer; Callahan and
Chance. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
BOSTON, May s.— Boston played a listless
game to-day and the home club's errors were
: made at critical points. Brooklyn scored five
! runs in the first on four singles, a base on
ball-* a wild throw by Clarke and an error by
Duffy but alter that their runs were scattered.
Hughes and Lewis both did good work in the
! box. Attendance, 4000. Score:
Clubs— R- ]*• E ,
Brooklyn a * '- i
Boston • - " •
Batteries-Hughes and Farrell: Lewis and
Clarke. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
NEW YORK, May s.— The New Y'orks won
I out to-day In the last inning, Doheny winning
his own game with a timely hit that sent ill
'■■ the winning run. Attendance, 1000. Score:
1 Clubs- V* n - E.
New York & J -
Washington 4 8.
Batteries— and Warner; Weyhing and
McGuire. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
q _+-<$_+-$. -*- <-*> -♦- <?,-♦-•*• -♦- <3> -+-**>-♦-$
large stores which the enemy is report
ed to have near San Ildefonso.
Lawton captured at Balinag a num
ber of storehouses, which it is esti
mated contain a supply of rice sufficient
to last the army six months.
Filipino prisoners say there are many
Spaniards at San Isidro, and the main
body of the native refugees is travel
ing toward the Biacabatte mountains.
The campaign appears to be centering
in the vicinity of San Isidro. The de
struction of bridges by the insurgents
necessitates the abandonment of the
attempts to run railroad trains beyond
Calumpit, and baggage trains have
been abandoned. -
The total American losses on the
day's movements were Aye killed and
fifteen wounded, including three offi
cers.
Detailed reports of the work of Major
General Lawton's expedition show that
harder fighting took place during the
early part of this week than earlier
accounts indicated. In the attack upon
San Rafael, the American forces were
met with a heavy fire from a lame
number of rebels, who were concealed
in the jungle on all sides. It was only
the adoption of the tactics followed In
Indian fighting in the United States,
every man for himself, that saved the
division from great loss. General Law
ton, as usual, was at the head of his
line with his staff. Scott's battery de
molished a stone fronted trench at
short range.
The insurgent leaders, Gregorio and
Pio del Pilar, who had 800 men in
Balinag, retreated when General Law
ton approached the town.
Chief of Scouts Young, with eleven
men, entered Balinag ahead of the
army and rang the church bells to an
nounce that they had possession of the
city.
General Lawton, when attacking in
force outside of Balinag, saw women
and children in the rebel trenches and
sent Captain. Casey with a white flag
toward the insurgents to remove the
non-combatants. When within 500
yards of the trench two volleys were
fired at Captain Case's party.
Chief of Scouts Young, whose bravery
at Balinag was most notable, served
as an Indian scout under Major Gen
eral O. O. Howard in his campaign in
the Northwest in 1876. The work of
Young's scouts was a feature of the
expedition. On Wednesday, the 3d. the
men encountered some Filipinos beyond
Balinag and drove them until of the
150 rounds of ammunition which the
scouts carried they had only fifteen
rounds left. They were about to retire,
when Lieutenant Boyd with a troop of
the Fourth Cavalry came up with them
and chased the enemy into San Mi
guel.
There are 2000 Spanish prisoners in
the hands of the Filipinos at San Mi
guel. They are served with . 5 cents'
worth of rice daily and are compelled
to work hard on the rebel defenses.
Several hundred of the Filipinos' s
i wounded are at San Miguel.
NEW AMERICAN
BANK OF HAWAII
Will Begin Operations
Shortly. '
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. April Colonel George
| W. Macfarlane this afternoon gave out
! the first definite details of the organiza
tion of the American Bank of Hawaii.
i Of the $300,000 of the capital allotted
| to Honolulu 5100,000 is being reserved for
; small Investors. The articles of associa
tion go forward by this mall for signa
ture by the San Francisco incorporators.
,P. N. Lillenthal will bring them back on
the next steamer, together with the requi
site capital, and immediately on his ar
rival the bank win begin business.
A site for the bank has not been select
ed yet, but several building sites are un
der consideration against a possible dcci
■ sion of the concern to have its own build
! ing.
Fifty per cent of the first issue of $500,000
j stock will be called up immediately, the
remainder in two equal assessments when
required. It is intended to keep the stock
as far as possible out of the pool of
speculation. People who can bring busi
ness to the bank and bona fide investors
will be favored.
It is expected to have the bank in opera
tion within eight or ten weeks. Until
Territorial laws are given the islands by
Congress the bank will be the fiscal agent
of the United States Government, after
ward being changed to the title and func
tions of the First National Bank of Ha
waii. A branch will be established at
Hilo forthwith, and when the business of
Maul warrants it a branch will be started
on that island. It is in contemplation also
to start a savings bank and trust com
pany as an adjunct to the American Bank
of Hawaii.
There will be no attempt to cut down
the rates of Interest or to slash into the
•business of other banks. It is felt here
that the rapid development of Industry
constantly increasing since annexation
is sufficient to absorb all the capital that
more than one new bank might place
I here.
The stock market has become still more
I depressed. The existing banks have prac
; tically shut down upon loans on stocks.
■ Many shares have been sold in old com
; panics and in new ones that had enjoyed
a season of prosperity, with possible dlvi
| dends two to four years in the future, In
order to get in on enterprises now being
I floated so as to turn the money over
] quickly on the almost Inevitable rise.
Thus, some large original holders of
American Sugar Company, one of the
most promising of the newer propositions
in active operation, have unloaded to
! get in with the Kamalo corporation,
i whose plantation is on Molokai. as is the
' American. Alfred W. Carter some time
1 ago sold out his large holding of Ameri
can simply because, being appoint..! man-
I ager of the Hilo Railroad Company, his
I interests dictated going Into the Olaa
, plantation. In consequence of such large
transfers, taken with the closeness of
money, American has decline 1 50 per cent
. In paid up and 55 per cent in assessable the
past month. This is but a single example
j of the general trend of the stock market.
Olaa will have its prospect! out to
| morrow. Its capital will be $5,000,000, half
paid up. the balance assessable at 10 per
cent call on subscription. Shares are $20
I each. The corporation will have 21,000
acres of land, of which 17,000 is in fee
' simple. There are applications on file for
I double the moiety of the capital to be
j offered the public.
The Hal. Sugar Company will begin
! grinding its first crop next week. It has
i the largest mill in the islands, with space
I left beside every part of the plant for
duplication when necessary. The mill hun
the enormous capacity of more than 1 "'
tops of sugar every twenty-four hours.
There is one vacuum pan capable of a
strike of fifty tons and two others of
twenty-five each. The first crop will
amount to 10,000 tons.
The Nahiku Sugar Company's director
ate will appoint a manager to-morrow and
go into active operation at once. With
the control of 4000 acres of the finest land
on Maui, the greater portion to be fee
simple after two years, Its capital of $750.
--000 makes It appear a reasonable proposi
tion. Its stock is held at $2 premium on
10 per cent paid up.
' =•
Californians Cut Off.
NEW YORK, May The Commer
cial Cable Company issued the follow- j
ing notice to-day:
"We are advised that the cable be
tween Iloilo and Bacalod, Negros
Island, is interrupted."
•
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN May s— Stmr Cym
! ric, from New York for Liverpool, and pro-
I cee'ded.
I" He Laughs Best
Who Laughs Last"
Laughing may indicate joy or ridicule,
mirth or derision. A good hearty laugh is
contagious, indicating a degree of good health
obtainable only through perfect purity of the
blood.' As only one person in ten. as a rule,
has pure blood, the other nine should purify
their blood with the greatest known specific,
Hood's Sarsaparilla. They can then laugh
first, last and all the time, for perfect happi-
ness comes when pood health is present.
Scrofula Bunches— "My baby Catarrh— "l suffered twelve years
was weak and delicate after scarlet fever, with eczema. Tried different medicines
Skin was transparent and blue. Scrofula and physicians with only temporary relief,
bunches came on his neck. Three bottles Finally took Hood's Sarsaparilla and Hood's
of Hood's Sarsaparilla removed them com-* Pills patiently for six months and am en-
pletely and he is now strong." Mrs. Geo. tire'.y cured." D. J. Burr, U. S. Pension
Clarke, 243 Western Aye., Lynn, Mass. Office, Indianapolis, Ind.
Indigestion— "l had sinking spells, Ulcer— "A little sore on my ankle
caused by weakness and indigestion, with grew until as large as a saucer. Doctors
palpitation of the heart when going up said it was an ulcer and incurable. After
stairs. Physicians' prescriptions did no two years' experimenting I took Hood's
good, but Hood's Sarsaparilla and Hood's Sarsaparilla. The bunch soon disappeared."
Pills cured me permanently." Mrs Andrew Mrs. H. M. Coburn, 579 Merrimack St.,
Grieser, Defiance, Ohio. I Lowell, Mass.
Hood's Tills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
, -° ff cathartic to take with Hood's SarsaparilU.
DOUGLAS WAS
IN A DILEMMA
No Escape From Breach
of Promise Suit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, May s.— The first
j action in the Connell-Douglas breach of
: promise case since the filing of the sen
sational suit a week ago was the hear
i ing before Judge Day of the Superior
! Court to-day of an argument in demur
rer by the defendant's attorneys. The
i demurrer was sustained and ten days
! given in. which to amend the complaint.
The attorney for Donald Council, the
laborer who sues Mrs. Douglas, the wife
of one of the wealthiest men of Santa
j Barbara, for breach of promise to marry,
are preparing to fight the case to the end,
and apparently the defendant and her
aged husband are every bit as deter
mined, for they have employed the best
I legal talent to be had In the city to de
fend the damage suit and fight the claim
of Connell for $20,000, the sum he thinks
; would be sufficient solace for his wound
ed heart.
It has developed to-day that by the
marriage of Millionaire - Douglas to
Louisa Reutzler, his nurse and house
keeper, tie venerable financier avoided a
'■. suit for breach of promise that would
have been probably more interesting to
: the gossips than the present one. After
Louisa tveutzler had thrown over Don
• aid Connell, and for the second tin her
> name appeared on the records of the
County Clerk as a prospective bride, this
time to become the wife of Frederick
Douglas, the family and friends of Mr.
- Douglas interfered to prevent the mar-
A lady whose identity was never known
i here induced the prospective bride to ac
company her to San Francisco, and while
there turned her adrift, saying she had
' been instructed by the Douglases to dis
charge her from the family service, as
they were dissatisfied with her. Louisa
Keutzler was too wise' to be so easily de
ceived. She returned to Santa Barbara
and immediately began proceedings to
compel Douglas either to marry her or to
! par her damages in the sum of $2d,000.
Douglas consulted her attorneys, telling
them that he was willing to marry the
; housekeeper, but that his daughter ana
sons were placing obstacles In the way
of his doing so. It is a true. maxim tnat
love will find a way. and in this, case
love assisted by two clever attorneys, did
j find means to bring about Its ends
The old millionaire and his . servant
sweetheart were quietly married one
morning and as quietly left the city for
| a brief stay. Thus was th e first breach
of promise suit averted, but it brought
on the present. Connell. the laborer, will
fight the case to a finish.
Frederick Douglas is one of the best
known bibliographers of the VVest He
is an authority on Greek and Hebrew, in
! which he is often consulted by scholars
far and near. , ,
REFUSES TO PAY
KING TANU'S SALARY
■ APIA, April 21.— United States Con
sul General Osborn, who is Acting
President, and as such custodian of the
revenue, is ordered by 'the Berlin treaty
as such custodian to pay out money
on the order of the moan Govern
ment. The Government, through its
Secretary of State, has drawn an order
on the custodian of revenue for the
amount of King Tanu's salary for the
month of January, but Osborn has re
fused to pay. and proceedings have
been taken against him by way of peti
tions to the Supreme Court to compel
payment. Osborn, it is said. Is the only
one of either the British or American
officials who will have anything to do
with German Consul. Rose. Osborn,
howe\ • , , frequent conferences with
the German Consul and Is quite inti
mate with him. It is said his attitude
is regarded with great disfavor by the
British and Americans in Samoa.
CHINESE WILL FIGHT
THE IMMIGRATION LAW
HONOLULU. April _.— Yesterday a
largely attended meeting of the leading
Chinese merchants was held at the Unit
ed Chinese Society's clubhouse to devise
means of raising a fund to promote a bill
in Congress for removing Invidious re
strictions upon Chinese immigration— not
to these .lands alone but to the whole
of the United States. They advocate a
measure similar to one introduced at the
last session, providing for the admission
of all Chinese who can read the United
States constitution in either English or
Chinese. Evidently the Chinese at Hono
lulu are kept well posted on their Inter
ests at Washington.ENTIRE COUNTY
UNDER ARREST
- ♦
Wardner Suspects Are
Still Being Hunted.
-"—
TROOPS ARE KEPT MOVING
STRONG EVIDENCE AGAINST
SOME OE THE PRISONERS.
♦
Several Hundred Men Confined in a
Barn Guarded by Soldiers-
Innocent Ones Re
leased.
♦
.--••K-clal Dispatch to The Call.
RDNER, lhaho. May 5.-State Au
ditor Sinclair has been engaged this af
ternoon in liberating from the guards
those prisoners known to be innocent.
In the arrests at Burke last night it was
rnpossible to make very nice distinctions
tnd they took all the men they found.
About fifteen were thus liberated. There
are now in the barn used as a prison So
men.
At the Coroner s inquest this afternoon
James R. Sovereign was on the stand and
was requested to identify certain articles
which have been printed in his paper
recently. The Inquest is conducted pri
vately
The noon train to-day brought in Com
pany B. Twenty-fourth Infantry Regi
ment, colored, from Vancouver. Contrary
to expectations It was found that but
few had escaped from Burke and it is
believed that not many have left Gem.
The leaders have, however, and the of
ficers of the several unions are mostly
out of the country. The body of Cheyne.
the man murdered, will be interred to
morrow by the Knights of Pythias.
Ten companies of United States troops
numbering between 500 and 600 men are
now stationed in Shosnone County, guard
ing mining and other property. Three
companies are held at Wardner to guard
prisoners arrested for alleged participa
tion in Saturday's riot, and the other sev
en companies are stationed at Mullan,
Gem and Burke for the purpose of guard
ing all the pa-sses out of the district and
preventing the escape of those suspected
of rioting. The number of prisoners here
is constantly being increased and dimin
ished. Suspects are being brought in
from various directions, and when found
to be innocent are released immediately.
The prisoners are held In a barn near the
railroad station under a strong guard of
United States troops. They were taken
(it for an airing twice -day, when the
uard is increased to prevent a possible
outbreak. Crowds of women and children
flock about the camp m the. hope of get
ting a glimpse of husband or father who
may be among the prisoners.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mine
I'ompany has let a contract for new ma
chinery and timber for the reconstruction
ot the mill which was blown up a week
ago. The millsite, which covers several
acres. Is still covered with broken tim
bers and twisted and bent iron beams and
toilers. About a hundred men are at
work clearing the debris away and within
a week the site will be ready for the new
building. The mine Is now being operated
with about seventy-rive men. General
Merriam went to Burke this afternoon on
a special train to look over the situation
end to locate the camps in the most ad
vantageous positions.
The Coroner's investigation into the
iillng ol Mnfth and Cheney was con till
ed this afternoon and a large. number of
itnesses testified. The Coroner claims
-iat the eveidence against several of the
risoners under arrest here is elusive,
"he charges against the prisoners have
aye nut be n formulated yet. but It is
ike.y that a charge of murder will be
>dged against a number of them. The
nal may be held in Shoshone County, but
.overnor Steunenberg will probably ap
lOlnt a Judge and prosecuting attorney to
onduct the trials, taking them out -•I the
uinds ut the present officials.
GENERAL MERRIAM
DENOUNCES THE RIOTERS
WARDNER. Idaho. May To-night,
at a conference with a number of Ward
i.er business men. General Merriam de
dared against the establishment of a new
military post In the Coeur d'Alene for
the purpose of keeping down the dyna
miters. The formation of a strong militia
lie suggested, would be the best means of
maintaining order after the present riots
-Hie effectually quelled:
•T have only abhorrence for such condi
tion.-- as exist here, "said General Mer
riam. "I would rather live under the
tyranny of the Russian monarchy than
live in terror of the mob such as tul-s
in the Coeur d'Alene. I have tried "in vain
to discover what motives prompt men' to
such deeds of crime as have marred the
history of the district. Since I cannot
discover the reasons. 1 am forced to the
belief that the only way to quell these dis
turbances Is by the aid of martial law— a
one-man power, where gun shall be met
with gun and dynamite with dynamite
Nevertheless, there are grave difficulties
in the way of establishing a permanent
military post here."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Talking it Over. ifov/ W. I U\
When a party of 'M.<T )w Jj I A
middle aged worn- iyr.^_^A\ J] -I I
-"-^-n get together / _\\\<Aj/ I \ \
alone, a common l^pTo^k^py '\_\
theme of conversa- &>_____&? *'f\ __, 'ft j
tion is their phys- p-~r~^^Vf^illjp
ical ailments. It r ~***^<*2£___£*-~^
would be better if -««*— -
these discussions of the ailments peculiar
to women took place twenty years earlier
in life. If a little of the prudery of mod-
ern society were banished, so that young
women talked these subjects over among
themselves, there would be less suffering
among women in middle life.
• iood health is the best endowment that
a human being can have. Good general
health among women is largely dependent
upon good local health in a womanly way.
-through ignorance and neglect it has be-
come such an ordinary, common - place
thing for women to suffer from weakness
and disease of the delicate and important
feminine organism, that many women have
come to look upon these troubles as an
unavoidable inheritance. This is a mis-
take. All troubles of this nature may be
cur_d in the privacy of the home, without
■going the obnoxious "examinations"
and ''local treatment" insisted upon by
th" average physician. Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription gives health, elastic
strength and vitality to the sensitive organs
concerned. It allays inflammation, heals
ulceration am' *es from pain. It tones
tin nerves ami ...aids up the nerve centers.
It makes a woman healthy.and strong, and
thus prepares rw.r for healthy wifehood,
capable motherhood and a safe transition
at the change of life.
" I want to testify to the great benefit derived
V from using Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescriptiotf,"
**• writes Mrs. H. Mason, of Strykernville, Wyo-
ming Co.. '. Y. " I commenced using It about
three months before confinement. With my
fanner confinement I suffered greatly, while this
one was comparatively easy, owing to the use
cf the ' l-'avoiiite Prescription.'"
JUSTIFIES THE KILLING
OF MASTERTON AS THE
REWARD FOR PERSECUTION
A STATEMENT was made yester
day concerning the Plumb-Mas
terton case in New York by W.
W. Britton, agent of the Phoenix
Insurance Company in this city.
Britton is the son of the late Hon.
Winchester Britton, whose name was
mentioned in the sensational epistle
made public by J. Neal Plumb after he
had slain his victim. The insurance
agent claims to be familiar with many
of the inner affairs "i Plumb's life, as
his father was the tatter's legal ad
viser, and he himself spent much time
visiting with the family. His declara
tion is calculated to disprove the
thought that Plumb's letter was the
idle rumblings of a distort mind, but
that it really contains the truth, and
that the reasons given by tin- murderer
for his deed are realities.-
Britton says that the animosity be
tween the two men was inspired at the
time of Plumb's marriage to the daugh
ter of wealthy Abram Ives, for whom
Masterton had been retained as coun
sel. Masterton looked upon Plumb as
an adventurer and fortune-seeker when
he aspired to become the husband of
the wealthy girl, he having but a com
fortable income and nothing that would
place him on a scale with the rich.
Plumb, to dispel this imputation, would
not receive one cent of his wife's money
at the time of her death and the vast
estate went over to the children, man
age,] by trustees, among whom was
Alexander Masterton. The money has
since been tied up in litigation and the
only portion of it spent was for the
maintenance ami education of the
children, and that under the supervis
ion of the trustees.
"I believe," says Britton. "that the
statement was written by an insane
man. but 1 believe that insanity was
caused by the continual hounding of
Plumb by Masterton. I believe it is
true that in life the trustee of the
estate did everything in his power to
alienate- the affections of the. children
tor their father, who was an exception
ally loving man to his family, and who
deserved their confidence and love i
remember of the instance in which mv
father detected a French maid in tin*
act of carrying petty tales out of the
family circle to Masterton. and also
that Masterton extended J. Ives Plumb
financial aid and encouragement in
DESIRELLO IN
HIS OWN BEHALF
Young Johnston's Slayer
on the Witness-Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, May Interest
in the Desirello murder cast- grows
more intense as the trial proceeds. To
day the courtroom was uncomfortably
filled in anticipation of the defendant
taking the stand.
The prosecution finished its testi
mony this morning and the defense
commenced the introduction of testi
mony. The testimony presented by the
prosecution is undoubtedly very strong
against the defendant, although it is
not thought it will support a convic
tion of murder. The defense showed its
hand. Throughout the cross-examina
tion of the State's witnesses it was ap
parent that Desirello's lawyers would
hold that the horses driven by Vacari
were running away or being driven in
such a reckless manner as to endanger
the lives of any persons who might be
in their path or upon the streets, and
that to prevent injury to the parties
driving, or to other people, the defend
ant drew his revolver and shot at the
horses for the purpose of crippling
them.
One witness, a Mr. Ferger, testified
that In- was at the Baumann ranch on
the afternoon of March 18, and left
there on a wagon shortly before 1
o'clock. John Vacarl was driving:, lb.
in company with the driver and James
Johnston, drove down toward Colma to
the electric line. Vacari stopped the
team near the White House and Fer
ger got off the wagon and onto the cat
going toward the city. He testified that
he was a dealer in horses and would not
have given $25 for the two horses. It
was at this place where he got off the
wagon that Henry Jensen got on. Up
to the time Ferger left the wagon the
horses were going very slowly, being
under perfect control. The conductor
upon whose train Ferger went also tes
tified that the team Stopped at the
switch. This testimony was Introduced
to show the improbability that the
horses were running away, for, as De
sirello afterward testified, he first saw
j the horses and heard them coming
i when they were but a short distance
I from this switch.
The principal witness for the defense.
; besides Desirello, was his wife, who
' testified to their journey from Baden
: to San Francisco in. the morning, and
| their subsequent meeting at Colma,
both before and after the shooting.
She had gone to eel her husband and
found him at the White House talking
to a Mr. Murphy. She was waiting
' on the corner for him when her atten
tion was attracted by what she thought
I was a runaway. she saw her husband
i jump toward the horses and call to the
, boys to stop she saw him fire into the
air and also saw him fire two more
shots while running after the wagon
She did not recognize the boys in the
wagon, although she knew one of them
very well.
Defendant was sworn in his own be
half, and after giving an account of
his action during the day finally came
down to the time of the shooting. lb
testified that he had been at the cours
ing park all the afternoon, and some
time after C o'clock started to find a
man by the name of Murphy. He did
find him at the White House, and they
were conversing when his attention
was attracted by the noise of galloping
horses coming down the road. He sun
posed it was some one driving reck
lessly. or a runaway. As the wagon
neared the place where he was stand
ing he stepped out Into the road and
called to the parties to stop. As they
did not answer he fired a shot into the
air over their heads. When this had
no effect he thought the horses had got
beyond the control of the driver and
then he fired two shots directly at the
horses. He followed them down to
Bellls' store and heard Johnston say
he was shot. He did everything in his
power to relieve the bo***- and ordered
a doctor sent for immediately. He
said that Vacarl became troublesome,
and he told him that he was the on,.
who ..tight to have been shot. He ex
plained to the people how the shooting
occurred, telling them it was an acci
dent: that he shot to kill the horses.
He did not shoot at the boy, and. in
fact, never knew him or any of his
relatives. He never intended to injure
or murder him or any one in the wagon.
.He had no malice against any of them.
ITT SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, MAY 6. 1899.
J. NEALE PLUMB.
marrying a disreputable woman in
Troy, N. Y. I regard every word of
Plumb's declaration as truth, and know
positively that the fear that Master
ton's influence would eventually sep
arate him from all of his children
preyed deeply on. his mind. He was in
this city, at the Palace Hotel, in 1895.
While her.- he talked of nothing else
to me. He said that the man who.:.,
life he took the other day interfered in
every family affair, and that on every
occasion of a quarrel between father
KRUGER DEFIES
GREAT BRITAIN
Trouble Brewing in the
Transvaal.
*=peelal Dispatch to The
LONDON, . May .'..—The Outlook in
this week's issue publishes a special
dispatch from its Cape Town corre
spondent, in which it is stated that the
British Secretary of State for the Col
onies, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, had
dispatched a firmly worded demand
upon tin* Transvaal republic that it
must observe its obligations to the
Queen as the paramount power by se
curing peace and order within the re
public. A demand is made for the can
cellation of the dynamite concession
! and is taken to mean that the British
Government means that the time has
come for President Kruger to observe
the letter as well as the spirit of the
; London convention. It is not stated
how far the demand takes the form of
' an ultimatum, or if a period is fixed in
which redress of the grievances of the
Uitlanders shall be made.
CAPE TOWN. May s.— The reply of
President Kruger of th- Transvaal re
public to the demand from the British
Secretary of State for the Colonies, Mr.
Joseph Chamberlain, for the cancella
tion of the dynamite concession Is pub
lished here to-day. President Kruger
contends that the concession is bona
fide and constitutes no breach of the
London convention. The Transvaal,
President Kruger insists, is entitled to
its opinion as to what is best for the
Interests of th' republic. The amend
ment of the concession as asked for by
the British Government, the President
adds, would be a breach of faith with
regard to other parties.
A MAGNIFICENT HOTEL.
The New Hotel St. James of San Jose
Will Be an Imposing Fire-Proof
Structure and Perfect in
Its Appointments.
SAN JOSE, May 6.— San Jose is soon
to be graced with one of the most mod-
era and complete fireproof hotel struc
tures of the Western coast. Mr. David
C. Halsey, proprietor of the Hotel St.
James, has completed plans for a new
"hotel building that in point of attractive
ness of exterior and convenience .of Inte
rior arrangements can with difficulty be
surpassed. The main portion of the old
building has been demolished, and in five
months it is anticipated the new build
ing will be ready for occupancy.
The new St. James will be a five-story
! building, the framework being of iron,
the walls of brick with terra cotta finish
• and the roof of tiling. The style, adopted
is of the Spanish type, now much in
vogue in California, and the erected
structure will be one of San Jose's best
architectural ornaments. The building
, will, as formerly, front on North First
street, overlooking St. James Park, and
adjoin the courthouse. During the de
molition of the old main building and
the erection of the new the business of
the St. James is being conducted in the
commodious four-story brick annex that
of Itself contains 150 rooms, and will
eventually be attached to the main build-
Ing. A large and attractive hotel office
has been fitted up in a manner that would
denote permanent occupancy, and the
dining-room, which has always been lo
cated in the annex, continues to afford
the same facilities for serving guests as
formerly. In short, the improvements be-
Ing made have not in the slightest degree
caused any interruption in the conduct
of the regular business of the hotel. Mr.
David C. Halsey, the proprietor, to whose
enterprise this Improvement is due, is
thoroughly well known to the traveling
public of California, having for a num
ber of years conducted most successfully
the Byrni Hotel of Woodland. About the
first of la-; December he assumed the
proprietorship of the Hotel St. James,
and to such a degree has his business
Increased that the additional accommo
dations now in course of erection became
necessary. The owner of the property,
Mr. James Campbell, is the well-known
capitalist of the Hawaiian Islands. He
i will spare no expense in making the new
; Hotel St. James one of the most attrac
tive and best appointed hotels of the
coast. .' :"
MORE STEAMERS FOR
THE AUSTRALIAN ROUTE
HONOLULU, April 2S.— News from New
aland by the Moana is to the effect that
the Union Steamship Company contem
plates, with encouragement from the Gov
ernment, putting three fast steamships
on the San Francisco route. This is with
a view to giving a fortnightly service. The
Auckland Chamber of Commerce has held
a sort of Indignation meeting over the
suggestion that the steamers make Wel
lington an alternate port of call In the
fortnightly suhedult;
and children he upheld the part of the
latter, whether right or wrong. At
times Masterton spoke to them of their
parent's so-called misdoings and at
tempted to instill in their heart a bit
ter prejudice.''
Britton was reluctant about giving
the information, as he does not wish
to be mixed up in the case. Plumb is
well known in this city, having had
large business interests here and hav
ing resided at different times in Cali
fornia.
CROPS ARE POOR
IN WASHINGTON
Cold Weather Destroys
the Wheat.
Spwial Dispatch to The Call
Call.
TACOMA, May s.— Snowstorms in
May are very uncommon in this State.
Nevertheless it has snowed at Fern
Hill, Eatonville and in Whatcom Coun
ty during the past week, giving further
evidence that spring is at least a month
backward. It has been the coldest
spring known in the Northwest, and
crops have been greatly damaged by
the long continued cold weather. This
is especially true of the wheat crou.
in which San Francisco shippers are
especially " interested.
For several seasons past Eppinger &
Co., McNear & Co., Catton, Bell & Co.
ana other San Francisco firms have
come here for choice blue stem cargoes
for shipment to Europe and South
Africa. The present indications are that
this field will be closed to them next
fall, because blue stem wheat has been
almost entirely killed in all the wheat
districts. State Grain Commissioner
W right, who has just returned from
Eastern Washington, says farmers are
despondent over the outlook. Said he:
"In May last year wheat was knee
high and in some places was already
heading out. Now it is barely above
ground and is so weak and delicate
that the slightest bad weather affects
it most unfavorably.
"Blue stem of the choicest variety
is going to be extremely scarce. All
fall sowing was killed by late frosts
and continued cold weather. There will
be practically none of it left and the
entire crop will have to come from the
spring resowing. Owing to bad weath
er lately a good portion of the resown
crop is spoiled and only a small por
tion will ever come up. There will be
practically no blue stem this year.
"Not only will th" crop be smaller
but the acreage is considerably less.
The Big Bend district Is the only one
where the acreage will be increased.
In all other sections the acreage will
be much less— enough with the late
season to make the fall crop far below
the normal. I cannot estimate how
much, but it will be lower than for
many years."
Frost has badly injured the peach
orchards of Yakima and Walla Walla
counties and other fruits have been
damaged.
ATKINSON'S LETTER
TO SECRETARY ALGER
Communication Which Caused the
Seizure of Pamphlets Destined
for Manila.
WASHINGTON. May 5.-The Postoffice
Department to-day made public the let
ter of Edward Atkinson of Boston, on
which tho action of the department in
seizing his pamphlets was based. Manx
letters asking information about the sub
ject have reached here, and the following
statement was given out by Postmaster
General Smith:
"In view of the statement of Mr. Ed
ward Atkinson that lie sent his pamphlets
only to Admiral Dewey, Genera] Otis
President Schurman and three or four
others, the letter of Mr. Atkinson con
taining his application will be of interest.
It is as follows: .- .-
" 'BOSTON. April 22, 1899
" 'To the Secretary of War, Washing
ton—Sir: I desire to send a large number
of the inclosed pamphlets on "The Cost
of a National Crime," "The Hell of War
and Its. Penalties," "Criminal Aggres
sion— Whom Committed?" to the offi
cers and privates in the Philippine isl- :
ands. : therefore desire to know whether
or not these documents can be sent di
lectly through the War Department or
may be forwarded in due course by mall
A list. of regiments is desire**, and if there
are printed lists of officers available they
would serve me a very useful purpose '
" 'EDWARD ATKINSON.'*
"No answer was made to this letter, ex- !
cept to send an official copy to the Post
master General, who issued instructions
to the Postmaster at San Francisco to'
hold the pamphlets."
Santa Clara's Fine Crops.
SAN JOSE, May s.— Reports from all
parts of the- county show that the grain
crop will be the largest known in years,
the late rains having been of great bene
fit. The apricots are making a better
showing than was expected. The cherry
crop will be light, but the high prices will
make up for the shortage. Prunes will be
short, the non-irrigated lands giving the
best crop. Peaches are still holding well
and a large yield is. expected. ....
STRIKERS LOTH
TO ARBITRATE
No Signs of Improve
ment at Buffalo.
— ♦ —
SHIPPING AT A STANDSTILL
♦
SCORES OF GRAIN AND FREIGHT
BOATS TIED UP.
♦
Contractor Willing to Make Conces
sions, but the Dock Laborers
Arc Most Un
yielding.
- ♦ —
SivH-ial Dis.iatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, N. V.. March ' s.— The
members of the" State Board of Arbi
tration and Mediation have worked
hard to-day in an endeavor to settle
the existing troubles on the docks, and
at midnight a conference is going on
at the Iroquois Hotel, at which repre
sentatives of all the interests involved
are present. hie- there is every indi
cation that Contractor Connors is will
ing to grant concessions to the strikers
in the way of advanced wages and the
removal of the saloon bosses, the strik
ers show a most unyielding spirit.
In the face of this spirit the members
of the State board feel far from en
couraged, and should no agreement
be reached at to-night's conference the
board will cease its endeavors in that
line and order a public investigation of
the whole matter.
The strike of all union men employed
on tin- docks, which was prophesied for
noon to-day, did not occur. President
McMahon of the new Scoopers' Union
said that a; the request of the State
board it was deferred twenty-four
hours.
The situation in the harbor is. if
anything, worse than last night. So far
this season eighty grain-laden boats
have arrived in port. Of this number
but twenty-five have been unloaded,
leaving fifty-five still to be handled,
with the prospect of further arrivals
during the night.
The freight boats are also beginning
to come in and there are several now at
th.- docks waiting for men to handle
their cargoes.
Traffic on the canal is threatened
with almost a complete stoppage as a
result of the strike. Boats are arriving
with freight to be unloaded and others
are waiting here for loads both of grain
and heavy freight, but men cannot be
hoi to do the work.
AMERICAN INTERESTS
ARE SAFE IN CHINA
j This Country Not Affected by the
| Agreement Between England
1 and Russia.
WASHINGTON, May t,.— Official assur
ances have been given to our Government '<
thai the agreement reached between
Great Britain and Russia as to spheres of
Influence in China concerns only the two
parties and that in no manner does it af
fect the interests of the United States.
■ The agreement does not amount to a seiz
; ure of the lands In China defined as being
within either of the two spheres, and
even should any territory be acquired in
China by either of the parties to this
agreement the United States, it has been
stated, will not be subject to any dis
crimination in commerce or trade. Such
rights as are now possess, in treaty
ports will continue to be enjoyed freely
by the United States.
In view of the fact that tin recent
agreement presented new and important
features, through the inclusion for the
first time In the territory subject to it
01' cities that had long been treaty ports,
this assurance -is regarded here as of the
greatest value.
■♦•
DEPOSED BECAUSE HE
CHAMPIONED DREYFUS
French Minister of War Closes Pro-
fessor Duruy's Class in Ecole
Polytechnique.
PARIS, May 5.— M. Duruy, professor of
history in Ecole Folyteehnique, was re
cently hissed by students owing to sup
posed partisanship for Dreyfus. M. de
Freyclnet, Minister of War, accordingly
closed Professor Duruy's class. In the
Chamber of Deputies to-day M. Gouzy
questioned the Government on the sub
ject, contending that the students and not
Professor Duruy ought to be reprimanded.
M. de Freyclnet, defending his course,
said the closing of the class was merely
a measure of prudence and a common pro
cedure when disturbances occurred in
classes at school. Moreover, he added.
Professor Duruy had published articles
calculated to excite the susceptibility of
the students.
This defetise led to an uproar and M. de
Freyclnet left the tribune. It is said he
subsequently resigned, ignoring the per
suasions of Prime Minister Dupuy and
President Loubet. ' :-;*
MILES WILL NOT BE
RELIEVED OF COMMAND
War Department Official Says That
No Further Action Will Be
Taken.
NEW YORK. May The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
General Miles will not be relieved from
the command of the army, and no court
martials will follow the finding of the
beef court of inquiry. This positive state
ment was made to me to-night by one .it
the officials of the War Department who
is familiar with the findings of the
court. President McKinley is reviewing
the record of the court, and I understand
la- is preparing a long indorsement ap
proving the findings and commenting
upon the conclusions in a manner which
he hopes will put an end to the entire
beef controversy.
WILL BE POSTPONED.
NEW YORK; May s.— That Dr. Briggs'
ordination will not take place in the im
mediate future, if at all, is the conviction
that is gaining ground among the clergy
of the Episcopal church. The silence of
Bishop Potter is accepted as an indication
that even if he has not postponed the or
dination he is deferring action with the
expectation that Dr. Briggs will withdraw
his application or postpone it until after
his return from Europe.
Postponement is desired by both fac
tions in the church, which want more
time for consideration of the matter. It
is said, however, tnat a public protest
against his ordination will be made in
church whenever Dr. Briggs presents
himself. Such action would be almost un
precedented, and it is admitted that it
would not necessarily act as a stay of
proceedings. It would be merely a formal
declaration of war and would be followed
by a formal presentation of charges of
heresy and the demand that Dr. Briggs
be placed on trial. _
Spain Gets the Money.
WASHINGTON, May 5. -M. Taignoy of
the French embassy, who has returned
from New York, where he turned over to
the National City Bank $5,000,000 of the
amount paid to Spain, was informed by
President Stillman that the bank had al
ready paid to Spain $15,000,000 without
waiting for the warrants from this Gov
ernment, as it was felt. that these would
be forthcoming when wanted.
CLEVER OPERATIONS
OF YOUNG THIEVES
Gang of Youthful Till-Tappers
Arrested by Los Angeles
Police.
I V_/ 1 I v^x_- •
© LOS ANGELES, May s.— Detectives arrested at 3 o'clock thisfmornlng a
.* gang of juvenile till-tappers, whose methods were unique If not original,
'-* and whose depredations have mystified the officers for several months. A
•- ( number of the party have been under arrest before, but they have had their
'"» ambitions whetted by contact with the criminal class while in confinement.
\j Those who aspired to be bad men are: Otto Timm, alias Paul Kocher; Al
.* , bert Malve, Albert Crawford, Elvridge Bright, Ivory Shields and Lawrence
.0 Eberle. '.
•5 Five complaints are made against each, reciting that they have been.car
*» rying on a systematic robbery by tapping the tills of small grocery stores
A in tie- / residence districts of the city. The leader of the gang, Ivory
'- Shields, managed the details of the system, which consisted in having one
£. of the smaller lads enter a store and purchase a package of cigarettes, or
'.' some other trifle, and offer 50 cents in payment. While obtaining the change
O the money-drawer would be located, and . a plan of the store and counter
»3 would be kept for further use. These details were reported to the leader
ft later, who would semi another boy to the store with a can or bottle for a
ci nickel's worth of coal oil. The moment selected would be when the proprie
.'• tor would be alone in the store. As oils are kept irPthe basement, or in the
O. rear of the store, the proprietor would be compelled to leave the main room.
'-' Then another boy would sneak In behind the cunning customer, rob
*_* the money-drawer of its cash/box and decamp. The boy who wanted oil
f*.. would wait for his ..purchase and thus lessen the suspicion and give the
_ gang time to escape. '■'_>.■ _
Q. ■'.:: .**-?••'■
FORESTERS LAUD
THE VOLUNTEERS
Grand Court Adopts
Resolutions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, May s.— The Grand
Court of Foresters of America closed
its eleventh annual session this after
noon after a hard day's work. This
morning the following resolution was
adopted:
Whereas, The war wuch our country
has lately been waging against the peo
ple and army of a foreign land has been
brought to a successful conclusion; and,
whereas, numbered among the great
forces which were highly conducive to
that happy result stands prominently the
First California Regiment. many of whose
gallant men were and are Foresters of
America therefore be It
Resolved. That we join in honoring the
great .hods and noble achievements of
our soldiers and sailors, both as officers
and men behind the guns, who were vic
torious at Manila, Santiago de Cuba, El
Caney, San Juan Hill, and many other
.-i en. of lesser acnievements, an. pledge
the courts of Foresters of America in this
jurisdiction to assist in extending to our
returning heroes a fitting welcome upon
their arrival on the shores of our Golden
State.
An order was made to contribute $25
a month to sustain the Foresters' Re
view.
The question of providing for a more
effective State organization was favor
ably considered. Resolutions of ap
preciation of the hospitable treatment
received at the hands of the citizens of
Santa Clara were adopted. The newly
elected grand officers were installed
and the session adjourned sine die.
A ball to-night at the pavilion con
cluded a most successful meeting.
SIBYL GETS HALF OF
HER HUSBAND'S FORTUNE
NEW YORK. May s.— Antonio Terry,
who died in Paris on December 14, by his
will, which was tiled fur probate In this
city to-day, has given to his widow. Sibyl
Swift Sanderson Terry, a life interest in
half Of his fortune, ratifying the gift he
made in accordance with tho terms of
their marriage contract, Tn the event of
the death of his daughter by his first
wife his entire estate will go to his widow,
who for twenty years shall not have the
right to dispose of it. In case the widow
remarries, the «ift to her of the entire
estate shall terminate.
While Mr. Terry's fortune is estimated
in the millions, nothing definite is men
tioned as to its value. The petition of the
executor, Francis Egerton Webb. Bays
the value of the real estate is unknown,
while that of the personal property can
net be ascertained at present.
Mr. Terry lefi valuable real estate in
France and Cuba, besides a large amount
of personal property in this city. He
makes bequests to several friends, also to
charities. Mr. Terry makes the provision
that any one contesting the probate of his
wiil shall be cut "ft from any share in
his fortune, and he gives his executor
power to destroy any and all papers that
lie may deem advisable or any small ar
ticles belonging to him.
REINA MERCEDES AFLOAT.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, May s.— The for
mer Spanish cruiser Reina Mercedes,
which was sunk in the channel of Santi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUFF-BALL
STOMACH
Distressful Condition as
a Result of Indiges-
tion.
INTERFERES WITH THE ACTION OF
THE HEART.
Dilatation or enlargement of the stomach is
a natural sequence of indigestion, and is a
condition that causes much suffering and dis-
tress. Thus one may understand the Import-
ance of correcting any digestive disorder as
soon as the symptoms present themselves.
People too often overlook slight stomach dis-
turbances in the hope that they will wear off.
One cannot make a more serious error than to
allow slight digestive disorders to take care
of themselves.
Besides dilated stomach, heart complications
very often arise as a result of indigestion.
Again, following a catarrhal condition of the
lining membrane of the stomach comes ulcera-
tion of the stomach, a very painful affliction
and one that too often proves fatal.
HUDTAN will cure indigestion. HUDTAN
will cure the complications that arise. HUD-
YAN Strengthens and stimulates all the glands
that are concerned In the digestion of food.
HUDTAN will relieve you of the headaches,
the nervousness, the sleeplessness, the flut-
ring of heart, the inactive liver, the cos-
tlveness, the dizzy spells that accompany dis-
turbances of digestion. HUDTAN not only re-
lieves you, but it cures you permanently.
HUDTAN will give you an appetite. It will
relieve you of that distress after eating.
The weakest stomach in this world will tol-
erate HUDTAN. it Is pleasant to take, and is
pleasant In its effects. HUDYAN does not
nauseate.
HUDTAN makes rich, red blood, which
makes it a most valuable remedy for all weak
and pale people.
HUDTAN is for sale by druggists— a
package, or six packages for }2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDTAN,
send direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
You Have the Privilege .ot Consulting
the Hudyan Doctors About Your . Case
Free ot' Charge. Cull or Write.
ago harbor during the bombardment by
Admiral Schley's fleet on July 6 and was
recently raised, pumped out and brought
to this city for repairs, left her moorings
to-day and was towed to the center of
the harbor, in readiness to start for New
port News as soon as the towboat arrives.
Some practical navigators predict a repe
tition of the disaster which befell the In
fanta Maria Teresa while on her way
north if rough weather should be encoun
tered, but the Reina Mercedes looks as If
she were seaworthy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LiTTLE
FEET!
It is a physical fact that the ladies
of the coast wear larger shoes than
they did 10 years ago; that is. they
pay more attention to comfort and
care less for the eyes and opinions of
other people. Every shoe dealer is
overstocked with narrow widths in
ladies' and misses' shoes.
We bought 1800 pairs of a large man-
ufacturing concern at less than 25 cents
on the dollar; all fine shoes; cost to
make, $2 50 to $7 00.
BEGINNING TO-DAY,
We sell them as we bought at a frac-
tion of their value. No old styles
among them; all modern makes, coin
toes, cloth or kid top — few square toes.
A-width, 2% to 7, at 50e
B-width, -'_ to 6, at 0."»e
C-width, 2V- to 6, at 7.">e
D-width, 2% to 5, at $1 OO
Some Oxford and odd styles of cus-
tom-made shoes on same basis or
lower; they will please you.
500 PEOPLE
CAN SAVE
$500 IN ONE DAY.
Regular shoes of regular widths, all
regular sizes, at regular cut-rate cash
prices.
'3S-9W JREE—K Kb __■ Hh _■___ __fififcw %
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.
PURITY « se /-*•%
HEALTH woodburys jmM
BEAUTY facial Cream '%ts
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURY" 3
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antlsetlc, their cleansing- and
purifying effect is unequalled. For .ale every-
where.
COU6HS2T
| Bronchitis, Hoarseness, wUmkJ
Sore Throat \EZf_s_W
I Effectively Relieved,
3 John L Brown & Son, Boston.
vaa_—agatßß_tmg>amßaßam_m—_m_—wmm
000000000000000000
T^ PALACE *bpZ
ZnR/\fvn" oTELs °
0 SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway.
9 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. 9
0 All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. l.oo per day and upward O
n American Plan. s3.oo per day And upward «
" Correspondence Solicited. "
0 JOHN 0. KIRH.PATRIC2, Manager. O
O OO 00000000000000
Okie-eater's E_c__.li Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-_"OX Original and Only Qeaalno. _k
m-^/Tfc_o, b»f_, **»"*• reliable. uDi-but _^_\
f—T\ V*_i_L Druggist for Chichttter' Xnglish , >-.t-tß%i*
Ml*lt&&d/m&-cmd Brand la Rod and Gold r_t.allic\\!C3r
T-v __J?Cißboxe«, sealed with bine ribbon. Take \Sr
•JW %i» 4__j no other. Refute dangerous substiru. V
I / ~ Hon. and imitations. Ait>ru_:;isii, or tend it.
I 4a» Jf in stamps tor par.l.al-rn, testimonials lai
\*C* B "KrUeif for JLadlen," in letter, br re'.ara
— X If Hall. 10.000 T.-UmoDl»li. Kerne Paper.
. > "-^/^OM«'i-»terC*_ie*— lcalCo.,M«»dl«»«»n gqnnrc.
•M »T _ULor si Drcgsiftn. ________ I'JF
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonu;
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, end a great remedy for diseases of the
kidney, and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on it* own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABKR, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
322 Market street, S. F. -(Send for Circular.)
DR.MCNULTY7
nmiS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABLE OLD
_ SpectalistVureJ Private, Nervous, anil Blood Dis-
eases ol Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men. free. Over 20 y'rs- experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours'."
to3dHily;!_..lotoB:.''o ev'gs. Sundays, lOtol2JConsal-
tatlon free and sacredlyconfldentHl Ciill.oraddress
P. KttSCOK HfXULTY, M.l>.
4G 1 ; Kenrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KIN-;. WARD &
ii. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 *i 0 day;
:' to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
in.l cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1.00 DerYear
34
SANTA RITA LAD
WHO WOULD BE A
JESSE POMEROY
SALINAS, May s.— The little town
of Santa Rita has the boss bad boy of
the State. Louie Ragio, the 14-year
old son of a prominent Spanish family,
was playing on Sunday with several
companions, among whom were David
Prader. Elrn^r. Thomas and Pearl
Thomas. The latter three had been
forbidden to associate with young Ra
gio, who was their elder by several
years, for the reason that it was gen
erally claimed in the community that
his influence over the other* boys was
demoralizing. Ragio insisted on being
allowed to join them. Th- boys ob
jected to his presence, giving the rea
son why he was not desired.
Ragio rushed off to bis home, not far
away, and soon returned with a shot
gun. Coming within a short distance
of the lads he made some insulting re
marks and then deliberately raised the
gun and fired at them. Fortunately for
the lads the gun was loaded with bird
shot. The small shot took effect about
the face and body of each. Ragio was
not the least nervous or repentant over
the result of his act. but calmly told
the boys he would teacli them a les
son, and -if that shot was not enough
he would return in short order with a
charge of buckshot and "fix them."
The District Attorney placed a charge
against Ragio and the preliminary
hearing will come up to-morrow.
"AN UNHOLY WAR
OF SUBJUGATION"
Professor Laughlin An
swers His Critics.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. May s.— Professor J. Lau
rence Lauchlin of the Chicago Univer
sity, one of the speakers at last anti
expansion meeting in this city last Sun
day, has sent to the Times-Herald a
reply to the editorial criticisms of a
portion of his remarks. He says:
"The phrase used in my speech:
•There (in the Philippines) .the flag is
a symbol of tyranny and butchery.' has
caused more or less criticism through
out the country. I used the word
'tyranny' because the flag is there
wrongly made to represent an un-
Amorican policy of conquest. for the
subjugation of an inferior race gainst
their will by a great and powerful na
tion. 1 said 'butchery' because the in
discriminate slaughter of natives by
offensive military operations in an un
holy war of subjugation can be called
by no other name.
"I am not attacking the flag, but a
policy— a policy which makes our hon
ored "flag stand in the Philippines for
conquest 7 and subjugation. I am more
truly loyal to the flag in demanding that
it should be used only as a symbol of
liberty than those who are willing to
Fee the flag wave as an emblem of ex
pansion and conquest. It is strange
that thoughtless intolerance can go so
far as not to distinguish between my
loyalty to the flag and my loyalty to a
policy which dishonors the flag. I wish
to be understood that I yield to no man
in my admiration of the bravery of the
men 'and the .ill of the officers in the
army and navy."
CONTRACTOR HOFFMAN
ASKS TO BE RELEASED
HONOLULU, April 28. -Victor Hoffman.
the San Francisco contractor, who was
the successful bidder for the Beretania
street school,, wants to give up the con
tract. He has written to the Government
that he does not want the contract; that
on account of the advance in the price of
lumber and other material hi cannot put
up the building for $17.9?9, as first pro
posed. He asks that his bond be can
celed and the contract be given to some
body else.
There was quite a debate in the Cabi
net meeting over th matter. President
Dole and members of the Cabinet were
quite positive that the contractor had not
acted fair. it was decided that Mr. Hoff
man shall be held up to the mark. If he
still refuses to build the house for the
amount named in his tender his bonds in
the sum of $KkX) will be declared forfeited
to the Government.
Another San Francisco man has failed
to In up to his contract. Fred P. Jones,
who took $6000 of the sewerage bonds re
cently opened, writes that his money is so
tied up in other investments that he
wishes to withdraw from the bond con
tract. Mr. Jones will be released for the
principal reason that the bonds can be
readily disposed of here to equal advan
tage. Minister I 'anion was this morning
instruct by the Cabinet to let some one
else have the bonds.
CONTRACTS AWARDED FOR
HONOLULU SEWER SYSTEM
HONOLULU. April 28.-Several con
tracts for material for Honolulu's sewer
age system go to San Francisco. W. K.
Grace A- Co. Ret that for Portland cement;
Gladding, Mcßean & Co.. pipe; Rlsdon
Iron Works, steel piping, dirt buckets and
valves. The Sessions Foundry Company,
Bristol, Conn., will supply manhole covers,
while the contract for gate valves goes
to Adams & Co., fork, England.- A lot
more contracts are unawarded.
Rudolph Herlng of New York, who is
superintending the sewerage construc
tion, is coaching the Government upon a
debated system of water filtration.
YERKES WILL SELL OUT.
Eastern Syndicate to Control Chicago
Street Railways.
CHICAGO, May 5.- Principals and ac
credited representatives of the Whitney-
Elkins-Widener syndicate of New* York
and Philadelphia to-day and to-night
have been in close consultation with offi
cers of the local street railway interests
Levi Mayer, general counsel for the Whit
ney-Klkins-Widener syndicate, in an In
terview regarding tin- projected sale of
the consolidated street railways, Bald :
"Mr. Yerkes has not yet parted with his
holdings. I think he will, however. I will
not say whether negotiations have been
closed. I think the chances are that his
holdings will he acquired by others. If
so, Mr. rkes will get a larce amount of
money for his Interests, I should say at
least $10,000,000, although I cannot speak
with authority upon that point."
Pears'
Its. least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able. ....
LOUIE RAGIO.
CHILKATS LIKELY
TO GO TO WAR
Situation in Alaska Is
Serious.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Corres-ponile_.ee of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, April 28.— Th red
man's burden is becoming heavier in
Alaska owing to the encroachment of
the whites, and he is growing impatient
under it. The situation has been quite
serious at Haines Mission within the
week. Though the reported battle be
tween Canadian police and American
miners never took place at Porcupine,
a clash at arms is really imminent be
tween white men and Indians over the
making of a trail to follow the north
shore of Chilkat Inlet and river from
Haines Mission to Kluckwan, the prin
cipal Indian village of the i 'hilkat
country and the largest In Alaska. The
Chilkats have threatened mischief, and
last Sunday thoroughly cowed the
whites and threatened to force them to
abandon work on the trail.
The trail is being opened under the
auspices of the Haines .Mission Cham
ber of Commerce. The- Chilkats are,
physically and mentally, probably the
best tribe of Indians in Southeastern
Alaska, and Kluckwan, the metropolis,
has a number of two-story frame
houses which for external appearance
and size will compare favorably with
many in San Francisco. They are
owned and occupied by leading men of
the tribe.
In order to open a public trail in
Alaska a permit or charter must be
procured from the United States De
partment of the Interior. Colonel
Frank Grygla, special agent of the
Land Department, stationed in
Alaska, says so. He was at Chilkat
several weeks ago and adjusted dif
ferences between a number of Chilkats
and "Jack" Dalton, promoter of the
Dalton trail from Pyramid Harbor to
the Porcupine diggings. The Chilkats
are a fearless tribe when well stirred
up over anything. They have put
their threats in writing through their
chief, whose English name is
George Shortridge, as witness the ac
companying letter received yesterday
by Colonel Grygla. The latter consid
ers the situation very serious and will
leave on a steamer to-night for the
scene of the threatened trouble. No
Government permit for the trail in
controversy has been given. The " In
dians claim it will run through three of
their villages besides luck wan and
destroy the value of their property.
They also see it will spoil their chance
of canoeing supplies up the river, and
take away their opportunity to make
money during the opening up of the
country. This is a copy of the letter;
it has been forwarded to the Secretary
of the Interior by Colonel Grygla, who
has fully, by the last mail, acquainted
the department with the crisis:
CHILKAI Alaska,
April 23, 1599.
Dear Mr. Grygla:
We are going to say a few lines.
We are In great trouble with our white
friends They are Mr. W. W. Warne I Warren],
our pastor, and Mr. Higlnw, the discoverer of
Shorty Creek, they want to take away our
money and our work they are trying to make
a new trail. From Haines Mission by way of
("luck-nun. to the Gold fields. And the trail
will be a public trail. Rut we don't want it to
be done, because It the only work for the In
dian to freight up the River.
Mr. Warne say he will fight with us. And hi
Is going to order the solders from Dyea to pro
tected them .rom us Indian to make trouble'
with them, this is what he says to us Indians
the other day. When we had a talk with him
he says that I am rich and strong enough to
make that trail. We told him thai we will
try and stand for the. So If you will give us
a "hand to strenged us.
they will be plenty of trouble If this thing
don't ?tor>.
this Is all I will say.
Your Sincere Friend.
'[.<;.: SHORTRIDGE.
Soldiers have arrived from Dye;, and
are at Kluckwan. Captain Yeatman Is
having a pow-wow with the big chiefs.
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON. May 5.— San Jose rela
tives of a soldier in the Philippines re
cently applied at the War Department
for permission to transport his body
home, but the department ruled that no
bodies could be exhumed and transported
to the I nite.t States.
Army orders: Chaplain Walter Mar
vine is relieved from duty at Fort Hua
chuca, Arizona Territory, and will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report in per
son to the commanding general of the
Department of California, who will as
sign him to the Sixteenth Infantry for
duty with that regiment and to accom
pany i! to the Philippine islands. Cap
tain James M. Kennedy, assistant sur
geon, is relieved from further duty per
taining to the muster out of troops at
Augusta, Ga.. and will proceed at once
to the Presidio of San Francisco and re
port in rtrson to the commanding offlc< r
of the Fourth Cavalry for duty _ ac
company that regiment to the Philippine
Islands.
Pensions: California— Original: Milton
C. Cunningham, Redding. $('.
Oregon— lncrease: William Jackson
Myrtle Creek; Daniel V. Hoffman,
Carlton. * -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
CORNING CHARGED
WITH KIDNAPING
Ship Captain Arrested at
Astoria. *
Special Disrate!, to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., May The contest
betw*>n the sailor boarding house keep
ers and the captain of the British ship
Howard D. Troop is likely to be more
serious than at first anticipated,- .When
the steamer Columbia reached the
lower harbor this morning she was met
by a launch having on board Captain
Corning of the Troop and United States
Marshal Houser. Houser was armed
with a United States process issued un
der the admiralty laws by Commis
sioner Thompson of this city, directing
him to apprehend the sailors aboard
the Columbia, who had signed shipping
papers in Sr.*** Francisco for the Troop,
and to transfer them to the ship. The
steamer was taken alongside the Troop
and all but two of the sailors forcibly
delivered on board the ship. The two
missing sailors could not be discovered.
Thwarted in their attempt to hold
the men, the boarding: house people ob
tained a warrant for the arrest of Cap
tain Corning on a charge of kidnaping.
The warrant was served and the cap
tain appeared before a magistrate and
his hearing was set for to-morrow
morning. Meantime a writ of habeas
corpus was procured by an attorney
for the boarding house keepers and the
sailors were removed from the ship and
lodged in the County Jail, pending the
hearing on the writ. The attorney for
the habeas corpus petitioners say the
Bailors are American citizens, and un
der the treaty of 1892 with Great Brit
ain cannot be forced to serve on Eng
lish ships.
PORTLAND, Or., May The events
leading to the arrest of Captain Corn
ing at Astoria, to-day are described in
a communication received by the Ore
gonian from Captain Corning, in which
he says:
-
I arrived here (at Astoria) May 15, and
twelve of my sailors were induced to de
sert by the crimps promising them SS 50
per day with big opportunities to make
piles of money. These men shipped In
New York nine months ago, remained by
the ship in Hongkong, and did not want
.to leave: hut promises of big pay. stim
ulated by drinks of a questionable char
acter, were too much for Jack to stand
and he deserted for that El Dorado that
did not exist.
When our ship was loaded our crew had
been reduced from twenty-live to six
hands all told. The more men taken from
the Ips by the crimps the more there is
required to make up Ihe crew again, and
the modest sum of $100 per man was de
manded from me, a like amount for a
second mate that had been sent me from
St. John, N. 8., by the owners at an ex
pense of $>*0 for his passage; also same for
an apprentice engaged by myself from the
ship Mistley Hall. These unheard-of
prices, with ?7 50 per night charged for
a watchman which they put on hoard to
keep the men from running away, soon
swell the bill up to over $200 and I think
your readers will agree with me that this
is a high figure for simply furnishing a
crew to a ship. None of this money can
be charged as advance to the sailor; it all
comes out of the shin and is called "blood
money." I believe the sting State laws
prohibit any advance to seamen.
I objected to paying this, exorbitant
charge, in which my owners bore me out.
The boarding masters told me in a boast
ful manner that I could not get a crew
save through them,, and they have boy
cotted me ever since, although I offered
to give a reasonable amount per man
sooner than gel a crew elsewhere. Quite
a number of them have applied for a
berth, but were afraid of the crimps doing
them bodily harm, if they shipped outside
of them. I have sent to San Francisco for
a crew. * * *
I am pleased to say I have got my crew
from San Francisco, the men coming in
on the steamer Columbia this morning
and being put aboard the ship under the
protection of the United States Marshal.
D. W. C.
As soon as the Portland boarding
house men learned of Captain Corning
having ordered a crew from San Fran
cisco they sept a couple of men down
to the bay city to accompany the men
to Astoria and endeavor to induce them
to desert, In this they met with but
poor success, as twelve of the men were
put aboard the ship without difficulty.
SAN JOSE BURGLAR
CAUGHT AND IDENTIFIED
SAN JOSE, May .".—Chief of Police
Kidward to-day arrested Frank Raymond
for the burglary of Architect Wolfe's res
idence on Thursday evening. There Is no
doubt as to the identity, as Raymond has
several had cuts on his head received in
his encounter with "Wolfe, who broke a
i pitcher and washbowl on the thief and
. threw him down a flight of stairs. Wolfe
has identilied the man. Raymond cannot
account for his whereabouts. He claims
he received his injuries by being hi* on
i the head by a rock when walking along
the railroad track. This is impossible
from the nature of the cuts.
Raymond is undoubtedly the "borer,"
whose career as a burglar In San
Jose for the past Aye months has
mystified the police. He always
gained entrance by boring the panel
out of the door. The first case of this
kind was at Frohm postoffice. eight miles
; from here. At that time he left a note say
ing Dunham had don., the job. This note
was dictated to Raymond to-day and he
i was made to rewrite it. His writing Was
Identical, both as to chirography and
; spelling. Since the Frohm burglary, at
least fifty places have been entered in the
same manner.
Raymond is about 25 years old. He was
employed by the San Jose Brick Com
pany and resided with his mother on Pre
vost street. His partner in the Wolfe
burglary has not ye( been captured.
To Form a Cabinet.
ROME, May General Luigi Pelloux.
Premier and Minister of the Interior in
the Cabinet which resigned on Wednes
day on account of the interpellations in
the Chamber of Deputies touching the
Government's handling or the Chinese
question, has been charged by King Hum
bert with the reconstruction of the mm.
. Istry. ;
Cadogan Will Retire.
NEW YORK. May 5.— A cable to the
Journal from Loudon says: Lord Cado
gan will retire from the vice regency of
Ireland after the visit of the Prince of
Wales in August next.
# ADVERTISEMENTS.
©>=i>>*^ =: =_x-^*'^'*^^
I Hunyadi J4nos
L Natural Laxative Water
i Has Merit: c ßeputation Superiority.
FOR —
\ Constipation and Hemorrhoids
\ . IT IS UNEXCELLED.
I Beware of Substitutes!
ISLAND REPUBLIC
IN LAKE MICHIGAN
Captain Streeter Sets
Up a Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May s.— Several years ago
a schooner Commanded and owned by
Captain W. B. Streeter was wrecked in
Lake Michigan north of this city's har
bor piers and directly opposite one of
the most fashionable residence districts
on the north shore. Sand began wash
| ing about the wreck, until to-day the
land "made" by this natural operation
amounts to IS6 acres, every acre of
which, with the expenditure of a little
money, can be made available for resi
dence or. business purposes and worth
thousands of dollars.
Streeter, who lost everything but his
life and his wife in the storm which
wrecked his schooner, "squatted" on
the shore in the vicinity, and when the
wreck became 'firmly embedded in the
sand moved into the old hulk and lived
by fishing. As the land continued to
grow, fashionable residents on the lake
shore drive who owned abutting prop
erty claimed the new-made land under
riparian rights and attempted to oust
Streeter. He fought them in the courts
and won.
A few days ago he conceived the idea
of setting up a government on his land
independent of Uncle Sam and an
nounced that on May. 5 the government
of the independent republic of
the district of Lake Michigan
would lie proclaimed. The pro
clamation was issued to-day accord
ing to programme and a flag, which is
a modification of. the American stars
and snipes, was hoisted oyer Streeter's
old schooner, the cabin of which still is
above ground and occupied by Streeter
as a home and now as his capitol. A
.Supreme Court was also set up, with
judge, clerk and marshals.
While the court was holding its in
itial sitting Deputy United States Mar
shal Patterson attempted to learn what
Streeter meant by setting up an inde
pendent government, but instead of
learning he was incontinently hustled
off and told not to return. He rushed
back to the Federal building and re
ported the assault made upon him, but
after referring to the statutes it was
found nothing could be done to Streeter
as no existing laws provided govern
ment of any territory not in existence
when the laws were made and they
can be made to apply only by act of
Congress.
Captain or . I've. idem (Streeter says
he will appoint a Minister to the United
States to-morrow, who will at once
take steps to have the new Govern
ment recognized and will draw up the
necessary treaties.
The who case is a strange one and
ought to furnish the plot for a rattling
comic opera or one of Hope's novels.
POLICE WILL RAID
STREETER'S REPUBLIC
CHICAGO, May 6.— At 3 o'clock this
(Saturday) morning 100 police were or
dered to take possession of Captain
Streeter*s "District of Lake Michigan."
Streeter has about fifty hobos, includ
ing his justice of the supreme court,
marshals, etc., all of whom are armed
' and ready to repel invasion by the po
lice or any other power. It 'is feared
Mood will be shed. No advance will be
made until daylight. The police say
the time has come when Streeter, who
has been a nuisance ever, since the
wrecking of his boat, must be abated.
This latest move on the part of the
city is said to have been taken at the
ruggestlon of the United States Mar
shal, who did not like the manner in
which his deputy was treated yester
day, and who appealed to the city au
thority s.
i YOUNG KEEPS THE GEM. j
Mrs. Truman Fails to Recover Her
Famous White Diamond.
LOS ANGELES, May s.— Mrs. Ben C.
Truman, wife of the prospective Paris '
Commissioner and the well-known writer,
will not, if she decides to visit the gay
French capital, wear the famous white
diamond that has been the pride of the
family for many years. Many months!
ago the Truman residence was invaded
I by thieves, who 'obtained, among other
' valuables, the celebrated sparkler. • Pri- ;
vate and official detectives sought to re- :
cover the jewel, but all their efforts have
failed. When all hoi of recovery had
been abandoned information came to Mrs.
Truman that a cigar-dealer named
Charles Young had purchased a diamond
that to all appearances resembled the
stolen gem.. ".■..:-
Suit was instituted for the restoration
of the jewel. This morning Judge York
awarded the diamond to Young, and as
sessed the costs to the defendant, on the
plea that Young had used due care not
\ to purchase stolen property by consult
ing the police before he paid the seller
the price demanded, .and thai the Tru- |
mans could not to the satisfaction of L _.e
court identify the property In evidence.
j McPartland the Winner.
NEW YORK, Ma. s— Kid McPartland
■ of this city knocked out Jack Bennett of
McKeesport, Pa., in the fifth round of
what was to -have, been a 25-round bout
before the Broadway Athletic Club to
night. The men weighed in at 138 pounds.
McPartland did most of the leading
throughout. Bennett showed clever foot
work, but was unable to avoid the Kid's
body blows. The knockout blow was a
half swinging left upper cut just below
the heart, the Pennsylvania^, dropping to
the floor in a helpless condition. Fully
Aye minutes elapsed before he was able
to leave the ring.
The Universalists.
PASADENA. May s.— At the State con
vention of Universallsts yesterday L. M.
-Andrews of Santa Paula was elected
Slate superintendent or Bishop. He is,
therefore, the first Bishop of this de
nomination.
Cardinal Krementz Dead.
COLOGNE, May r: 5.— Cardinal Philip
Krementz, Archbishop of Cologne, is dead.
He was In his eightieth year.
BISHOP OF BURLINGTON.
His Words Will Inspire Faith to Try
m
Paine's Celery Compound.
Who will doubt the wonderful efficacy
of Paine's celery compound in the face of
the following indorsement from the Bish-
op of the diocese of Burlington?
Wells, Richardson & Co.: ;;
Gentlemen: I have been asked why
I recommend Paine's celery compound,
and I desire to put on record frankly my
reasons for this Indorsement, hoping that
my words may inspire those readers who
need health and strength, with faith to
try Paine's celery compound and prove
to themselves Its worth.
At the Fanny Allen Hospital, an insti-
tution in which I am deeply interested,
Paine's celery compound has been used
successfully.
The Sisters of Mercy at Mount St.
Mary's Academy on Mansfield avenue re-
ly upon Paine's celery compound as a ton-
ic and strength giver.
In my own household one of the domes-
tics has taken Paine's celery compound
for liver trouble of long standing and
READY FOR FREIGHT
BY JULY IST
SANTA FE WILL BE OPEN FOR
VALLEY BUSINESS.
Will Have No Traffic With This City
Until Some Time in No
vember.
A dispatch received in this city from
Los Angeles on Thursday morning
brought the cheerful announcement to the
business fraternity that on the Ist of July
the Santa Fe Railroad would begin re
ceiving Eastern freight for San Francisco
and intermediate points. The telegram
was misleading to the extent that the
Santa Fe will begin receiving freight on
that date for Stockton and valley points
only, instead of through freight to San
Francisco.
By tl!e Ist- the Santa Fe's system as far
as the valley metropolis will be complete
and in. operation, * but it will be some
months later before the track is laid be
tween Stockton and Point Richmond, on
the other side of the bay. It will be some
months later still before the Union Iron
Works will have completed the big ferry
boat that is to ply between that point and
Spear street wharf.
. Chief Engineer Story said yesterday
that he could not fix a dale for the com
pletion of the Stockton section of the
road, but that it would be not earlier than
November 1. Once the track is laid, how
ever, the company will not wait on the
completion of the ferry, as there are any
number of servlcable boats now round
the bay that can be pressed into service,
and this probably will he done.
A limited amount of freight could of
course be brought to this city from Stock
ton by the river boats now being operated
by the Valley line, but not a sufficient
volume could be handle,! to warrant the
company announcing through traffic to
San Francisco.
It is said that Traffic Manager Bissell
who is still In the East, has practically
finished satisfactory arrangements for In
terchange of business with the Southern
Pacific, but nothing of the deal will be*
made public until he returns. He is ex
pected back next week,
An Overstocked Labor Market.
Thirty-five new members were Initiated
at a meeting of Union 22, Carpenters' and
Joiners' Union, held in Cambrian Hall
last evening Notices were issued warnine
mechanics to remain away from San
Francisco, as the unions could supply all
the labor necessary in- the city. It was
stated at the meeting that the contract
ors had made certain concessions - nnH
that all difficulty with the union woJh
be amicably settled. nion would
Eugene Moffat's Estate.
Mary E. Moffat, widow of the hue Eu
gene Moffat, who died April 21, has up
says, "It has done more good than any
other medicine. " •:....
Several priests have spoken to me in
praise of this remedy and I believe it has
the confidence of my - associates. V c ,
Even did I not know from personal ob-
servation of the worth of Paine's celery
Compound, I should feel like praising it
for the simple reason that It is prepared by
the Wells & Richarson Co., a firm whose
members I have known for nearly a quar-
ter of a century, and in whom I have per-
fect confidence.
Very truly, JOHN S. MICHAUD,
Coadjutor Bishop of Burling ton, Vt.
Father Mi. 'hand, one of the ablest
priests of the Roman Catholic Church in
' America, was consecrated Coadjutor
Bishop of Burlington In 1892 by the Most
Reverend John T. Williams. D.D.. Arch-
bishop of Boston, assisted by lit. Rev.
D. Bradley and Rt. Rev. H. Gabriels, D.D.
The diocese then contained 87 churches,
64 priests, 15 convents, 1 college, 6 acade-
mies, 1 orphanage, 2 hospitals, IS paro-
, chial schools, and a Catholic population
plied for letters of administration upon
the estate of the deceased. The state is
valued at about $50,000. Mrs. Moffat re
sides with her four children at 1417 Post
street.
HAWAII'S SUGAR CRO_-\
John Ena Says It Will Be the Great-
est on Record.
John Ena, a wealthy resident of |i,,.
nolulu ami vice president of the Inter
island Steam Navigation Company of Ha
waii, arrived on the Moana with his fam
ily and has engaged apartments at the
California.
Mr. Ena denied the published reports
that he was leaving the islands with the
intention of locating permanently In Mex
ico.
"It is true." said Mr. Ena in an inter
view "that I am going to Mexico with
my family, but only with the desire of
benefiting our health. 1 will remain sev
eral months on the peninsula, or what is
called Old Mexico, and if the climate does
not agree with us we will go somewhere
else.
"Incidentally I may make some invest
ments in mining lands or other Interest
paying properties. We will assuredly re
turn to Honolulu, as mv holdings are cen
tered there, and I would not care to jeop
ardize them by leaving.
"Everything is booming now at the isl
ands, especially sugar stocks. We will
have the largest crop of sugar this year
we ever had. 1 cannot say as much for
coffee, which is a failure? at least
on the Hilo side. The coffee planters
have sold their lands to a syndicate,
which will start sugar to growing on
them.
"The natives in Hawaii are anxious for
a territorial form of government. No
body wants the country to be a colony.
When the latter question was mooted it
met with the strongest opposition. The
Dative population is now practical! as
quiescent .on the annexation proposition,
hut is' extremely desirous that the pol-
Icy of the United States be to establish
a territorial form of government in Ha
waii."
Wasp Criticisms.
The Wasp has sonic lively criticisms on
theatrical people and politicians this week.
According to the Wasp the people of San
Francisco are not getting the worth Of
their money in dramatic amusements.
Ashton Stevens' criticisms are commend
ed as the most widely read in San Fran
cisco. The Wasp's cartoon and editorials
are, as usual, very good this week.
Y. M. C. A. Entertainment.
The first of a series of popular Saturday
night entertainments will take place this
evening at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
The best local talent has been secured for
a concert programme. Complimentary
admission tickets may be obtained at the
box office of the Y. M. C. A. The public is
Invited. *j9l3&2g__i_fial
. Get the beautiful Photo-Chromatic
full page picture, 5 free with to-day's
News Letter. -
1 of 55,000. .Father Michaud built the Provi-
dence Orphan Asylum, a commanding
! structure . that is the source of much
pride, the Fanny Allen Hospital at- Bur-
lington,, and a church which is considered
the finest in the State.
His kind-hi desire to be of ser-
vice to the people and the great sincerity
that breathes through every line of Bish-
fop Michaud's .recommendation of Paine's i
celery compound ought to leave no doubt _A
in any one's mind of the tremendous su-^^
periority of Paine's celery compound over
all the remedies that have recently been
clamoring for attention.
Paine's celery compound will make you
; well, and enable you to stay so! * : ,_,_. !;
The system strengthened, 'purified, and
■■■dated by this greatest of remedies will
resist all invasion of disease!
There is no household that can afford to
be without it. Its praises have been
sounded by men and women in every walk
of life— the wealthiest, the most fa-
■ mous, and by the humblest, bat equally
grateful.
Paine's celery compound is within . the
reach of every one. It is a. simple matter
. to test its astonishing efficacy.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A H Holier, Pa 6 Collin, Australia
G C Hunter, N V j \V V*. Gollin. S Jose
M E Monash, Chicago J \\ Lee. Ohio
Mrs M George, Colo Mrs. J \V Lee. Ohio
It i: .Devney, VV Va . I I. W Thornton. Mo
.1 I' Lord, Pa j E F Hay. Hongkong
R A I>ent. Chicago ill Kronkenney, Mcl-
Jennie Fleming, lowa hourne ■- :
S Fleming. lowa | J Sinclair, Scotland
LIB Kinney. Portland ' S Whltmer, .N* _ \V
A (•' Sargeant. Or j f» J Nathan. Australia
C 1. Gilbert Mexico l r B Simpson, London
R E Hyde, Visalia J Green, London ■
Mrs S C Smith, lowa A Gray, London
Miss N C Smith, lowa Mrs B L Rondebuafc,
G Otterhon* Jr, L Ang Denver
W,G Nevin L Ang N J Stewart. Aromas
W i; Bailey, L Ang Mrs Stewart, Aromas
H c Whitehead, 111 Miss Preston. Aromas
J R Hitchcock. 1- Vng <' MoneU, London
w C Van Heine. Can H w Sampson, NT.
F G Rnddii li Can F '• Moon. N " V
w D Matthews, Can -\V 1 Solomon, N V
R M Wells, Can A R Pike, St Louis
A t Wallace, Yreka H P Waterman, Col*
J W Smith Colo B Burner. Boston
J D < run-in NY I'- W Blinn, L Ang
Mrs C I' Fisher. N V I W I* Clark, In*
Master Yon Strade.N Yj W- G Blatt. Detroit •
E B Hay. DC D X Major, NY J
■V j^ai: Cal ''* D Fairbanks, Mass
W Bagley, Denver I Mrs Fairbanks, Mass
 P Posey. Denver |W H Williams. Cal
t f Rader NY C Prograth. Chicago
B E Jack, Cal I Mrs A E Broden, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
O Crossfield, Stockton D Byrne, Melbourne
J Haas, Nevada Clay AI. Young, Cal
Mrs II S Young, Utah Mrs A Gray. Sacto .
ii J Young, Utah W L Brown. Cal
g ,i Wells, Reno T Nicolal, Honolulu
L *. Mar-Lean. Sacto if Thorp, Sacto
L M Tibbetts, Chicago i" Leith, Sacto
C \ Mahurln, Ind W T Lucas & w, H I
S M McFerran Ind L Maddux, Modesto
T Smith. Valiejo Mrs «' C Wllholt & -,
i - Blossom, Stockton Stockton
WII Atkinson, Napa Mrs J Smullen. SOnora
i) ij Close, Stockton Miss Smullen,- Sonora
,i Barrymore, Cal 3 W Strlenlng, S Rosa
W F Hunt, S Jose Mrs M Karsner, Cal
.1 McDorrelL Cal Mrs C v ' Conn. Infl- j
G C McMullen, Sacto C A Jones. N V
J V MeNish,. Cal , Miss L S Fraaer,. Pa
Mrs Castle. reed G Field. Chicago
J A Larson. Or- C L Gilbert Jr. Mexico
i. B Kinney, Cal Miss M J Cavanaugn,
A T Sargent, Cal Petaluma ■
J F White. N V Miss M E Cavanaugh,
.1 H Lincoln &W, Cal Tetaluma , _.
G A Reed. Mass S P Cavanaugh. Olema
Jennie E Reed. Mass G E Lovejoy, , " : ' 1 
Belle Reed,- Mass C w Mason A w, Mass
\v Newton & w. li! M M Gillespie, I. Ant?
Cf C McCune, Chicago C X Cadman, Pinole
J Barnes Jr. N V ' R S Johnson, Cal
Mrs X Clope S Cruz [W D Walsh. Cal '
A B Wilson & w, 11l !R B Field. Sacto- .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C. A Moyant. Cal , jC VV Baker, England
li J Ghent. Ga ] J Summers Sydney
C Thompson, Fresno L Wolf, Sydney
M Guerena, ValU A D Young, Chicago
R X Irwin Stockton E Shannon, London
C C Jones. Auburn iJ '■ Evans. Sydney
C R Hall &w, Cal ICG Ma kay. Cal; ,
A D Goodale & w, Cal W Burns, Chicago
Mrs .1 v Courts; Cal • C A Brown,' L Ar.g .
A'Bolza, Mich 'J__
■ » •
___m_* lm "*Kr~--*^m__mr-~-* -"__mr^^BßßB m T—tm.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Kahn and Jules Levy (owners) with
John futile (contractor), architect Albert. Pte
**is. Grading and bulkheading for building, on
S line of Ellis street. 75 VV Of I'oWe! . W.IOO,
S 110, E M), In* 20:6,' E 20, N 88**.; $la-W." -•"-WELBURN KEPT
A DIARY OF HIS
WANDERINGS
He Had a Very Hard
Time of It.
— . —
LABORED. ON THE DOCKS
— ♦ —
WILL BE TAKEN INTO COURT
THIS MORNING.
— ♦-
United States District Attorney
Coombs Will Ask the Court
to Fix the Date of the
Trial.
Osca M. Welburn,, no longer seeking)
o hide his identity under the name of J
Olin H. Bedell, or beneath the garb of a
private In the regular army, will be ar
raigned at 11 o'clock this morning in the ,
United States District Court on an in- i
dictment found shortly after his dlsap- '
tjsarahce from this city. In each of the:
•hirty-one punts the indictment contains!
he is charged with failure to turn over to j
the Federal Government moneys collected
by him while acting as its disbursing |
jeni at this Int. At the conclusion of :
th< arraignment United States District
;: . Coombs will ask the court to set
thi il ;<• ot trial. The prisoner will prob- '
ably b< represented by Frank 11. Gould
and Gavin McNab, who successfully de
• ■■:.]■ d him in a former trial.
The wife and son of the prisoner called
on him early yesterday morning at the
County Jail. He took no pains to conceal
his joy at the meeting, and from that time ■
on made no pretense that he was other
than the ex-Revenue Collector for whom
the authorities had been looking for a
year and a half. During the day, while
the son was seeking sureties to go on the
h m of his father, a number of former
acquaintances of the accused called at
the lil and chatted with Welburn. He
returned their hand grasps, but did not ;
. vlnce much of a disposition to talk.
Later in the day he requested Chief
Jailer Ford to refuse cajlers. saving that
he did not desire to talk about himself or ,
his case.
It was said yesterday that Welburn's
enly idea in denying his identity was a
desire to prevent the news of his arrest
leaching his family before he could com- :
municate it himself. Any hope he may I
have had of keeping up the deception
would appear, under the circumstances
a certain indication that he was as unbal
anced as his attorneys, in their answer
n.ed in the Circuit Court, have declared
he was. A score of witnesses stood ready
to swear that he was the man. and in ad
dition among his effects at the Presidio
wen- found a photograph of Mrs. Welburn :
and a rough diary of his wanderings dur
ing the months he was a fugitive from
justice. \\ hen Deputy Marshal Moffitt
drew forth the photograph from Wel
burn s valise the prisoner said:
"That's Strong's"— Strong being his tent -
mate. Mofhtt. who knew the features ot
Mrs. a Welburn; replied: 'Why. Welburn I
you know that's your wife's photo."
The diary, which is in the possession of!
Marshall Shine, was a..*,', round in the
valise. It is an irregular .-on of record, j
Kept without system and full of figures !
that mystify the authorities; although ;
they are taken to stand for sums earned
by the fugitive under the dates under
which they were entered. One portion of :
the diary is more intelligible and tells the j
story of the straits to which Welburn
was put in his search for the wherewithal
to keep body and soul - 'her while dee- !
ing from the law. For several months it I
shows that the ex-Revenue Collector who i
had lavished thousands in this city in j
politics and pleasure was reduced to work
on the docks as a longshoreman.
The scene of this servitude was Galves- j
ton harbor and the work that of loading
grain and sugar into ships-the hardest
kind of labor, among the most uncouth
lot of men. It was a range reversal of
condition, but. if the entries in the diary
are not fictions, the former Revenue Col
lector did it day after day. holding up his
end with the best of them, herding at :
night maybe with the worst of them. The
change to soldiering must have been a re
lief to such a man. for even though it
forced him into a corner where he might
suffer arrest it allowed him some let up
from unaccustomed toll and offered the'
chance of a new land and a new start on I
the road to prosperity he had missed in
this city.
Welburn can attribute his arrest to his
own sheer carelessness, the wonder of It
all being that he did not fall into ' the
hands of the authorities several days be- I
fore he did. Tin- minute he reached the
city a .ruing to see his family took
possession of him. In the interest of temp
orary safety and the hope of future re
union he suppressed the feeling for sev
eral days. It finally proved too much for 1
him. and last Sunday night, according to
his son, the fugitive visited the family
residence on Fulton street. The boy did I
not at first recognize his father in the i
blue-coated man who claimed that rela- ■
tion. There was a tearful reunion in the I
home that night, at the conclusion of
which the hunted man stole silently away
in the shadows to the camp, where he re
mained until his arrest on Thursday.
CHARGED WITH KIDNAPING.
Mr. and Mrs. Antone Hess Arrested
on a Warrant From San Jose.
Antone Hess and his wife, [da M. Hess.
were arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tectives Reynolds and Dinan on a warrant
from San Jose charging them with kid
naping Ruby Johnston, a girl 1.". years of
age. The .chaining witness is Mrs.
Euphemia M Elhannon. the girl's aunt.
Mrs Hess is a cousin of 'he girl and
was awarded her guardianship in 1887.
The girl remained with her until about
eighteen months ago, when she was
placed in a convent in San Jose to be ed
ucated, l.nder the laws of this State a
guardian must be a property owner, and
Mrs Hess not having that requirement
was compelled in a suit to relinquish the
guardianship of the girl, and her aunt
was appointed guardian.
The girl met Mrs. Hess in San Jose
April _:.. and expressing a desire to be
with her again, came on to this city with
Mrs. Hess and her husband. Mrs. Hess
intends to fight the case.
Will Work Two Shifts.
The contractors having in charge the
construction of the tunnel under the
Southern Pacific track at -the intersec
tion of Bosworth and Berkshire streets
intend to put on an extra shift of men
who ■■■ill work nights in order to rush
th.- tunnel to completion, which will
probably be finished by the middle of
June, at which time the Market street
railroad expects to have Its line" com
pleted from Mission street to Glen
Park. Th.- Sunday programme this
week at Glen Park will consist of the
following attractions:
Allegorical grouping, flying trapeze
performance, comedy specialties, acro
batic tumbling and Juggling a pigeon
race, a grand concert and dancing by
terpsichorean premier.
Too Free With His Revolver.
Louis Rayford, who terrorized people at
the cuff House Tuesday by nourishing a
big revolver and threatening to shoot
wa.s yesterday sent to the County Jail for
three months by Judge Mogan. Ray ford
was sentenced several months ago for
threatening to shoot a park policeman
who caught him shooting ducks.
Keep all the beautiful Photo-Chro
matic full page pictures, free with the
News Letter, and have them bound.
First of the series issued to-day.
BUCKLEY DECLARES HIS
POLITICAL PROGRAMME
County Committee to Be Chosen From
Rapidly Organized Precincts,
The Returning. Boss, Who Is Boldly Mustering His
Forces, Talks in an Interesting Way of the Chaos
in Democracy and of Other Things.
Christopher A. Buckley has boldly re
turned to the fields of San Francisco pol
itics in a critical political time, estab
lished headquarters on Market street,
openly announced his intention of taking
a hand and seeking for himself and
friends the control of the local Demo
cratic party and has, with characteristic
energy and method, actively begun the
work of organizing followers throughout
the city.
Buckley has already . formulated a
thorough scheme of organization. This
scheme is now being carried out and in
CHRISTOPHER A. BUCKLEY.
From a Photograph Made by Thors 1. a.-; Monday.
a short time there will be created a new ■
local Democratic committee, large in
numbers, which will represent every pri
mary precinct in the city and which will
direct a campaign tor the capture of the
municipal convention.
It is well known that Boss Buckley has
quietly played a hand in each election
here for some years since he was deposed
from power, but it has always been done
under -e'er of the plea that he was j
merely "advising his friends." He does |
not now think it necessary to put forth
such a subterfuge. On the contrary, he |
says in effect, "I've taken my coat off j
again, boys," and his followers are being
mustered from the Potrero to North |
Beach with the cry, "Buck has come j
back! He's got the works!"
Buckley is going to cut a large figure In
the hot and interesting Democratic cam
paign that is now forming amid such
mystery. Of course, some other people
will cut large figures, more or less, too.
There's James' D. Phelan, with as pretty
a. tight as on,- could wish to see on his i
hands. There's the Examiner, which cuts )
so large a figure in the now uncertain cal
culations of many Democrats anil which I
expects and proposes to do what it can |
toward running the machine. There's
Tarpey, manager of tin- Hearst estate,
who will be back from Mexico and seeing
people long before the campaign is over. i
There's Harbor Commissioner Harney, j
chairman of the Democratic "Four Hun- j
dred and Fifty" committee that was prac
tically snuffed out at its last row, and
John F McGovern, its secretary. Then !
there's Sam Rainey waddling around the
political pond with much motion and little
sound. Rainey is looking after the pros
pects of the Fire Department under the
new charter; Chief Sullivan et al. may be
all right, whoever loses. The Committee
of One Hundred, the regular county com
mittee, which is threatened with the Hee
ney appeal, the old Tarpey resolution and
some other things before the State Com
mittee, cuts a figure, but a comparatively
small on-- because of the primary law.
There will be - no row over the Committee
of One Hundred except on the matter of )
apportioning municipal convention dele
gates, and this committee is likely to act
discreetly and keep the peace.
Mr. Phelan and his fight for the Mayor
alty are discussed just now as much as
any other feature of the Inchoate cam
paign, and politicians wonder how Phelan
stands and how he is going to stand with j
this and that influence and faction.
It is amid Hi--- party uncertainty that
Chris Buckley suddenly looms up and 1
boldly begins the first organized effort of j
the campaign. Many Democrats surmise
that Mr. Buckley knew what he thought
he was doing before he started in, and
that he had effected strong combina- !•
tions and secured the backing of strong i
influences in advance. There is consid- •
erable speculation as to whether or not j
one of the Influences behind him is the I
Examiner, which has avoided even- giving I
briefly the news that Buckley had opened j
fine Democratic headquarters in the Bald
win Annex and was whooping up politics j
day and night. Politicians observe that
the Examiner has shouted no warning
cries about either Buckley or Rainey.
Mixed up with these observations are fre
qleni speculations as to whether or not '
a prominent Examiner man will become [
chairman of the Police Commission under
the new charter, and' Lieutenant Esola i
Chief of police. '■■" -v.*.^ ■-'-_■.'■
'litis Buckley may be found every
afternoon and evening enthroned in one
of the two very nice suites on the first
upper floor of the Baldwin Annex, hired
for the campaign. The "Old Guard"
flocks there in greater numbers every day. !
Those who come to see him and those who
frequent the ouarters would make quite
a long roll. Those who see him elsewhere
on the quiet would make another roll. ,
Sam Newman is one of his chief lieuten- i
THE SAIST FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
' ants find ex-Recorder Glynn is another.
C. J. Heggerty. Horace G. Piatt. A. T.
Spotts, Reel B. Terry. John McCarthy and
many others of political prominence are
reckoned with his force.'. Alexander
Greggains, who expects to boss the Thir- i
tieth and adjacent districts; Larry Con
' ion, the young hero of many a .Buckley
j primary in the Twenty-eighth, and scores j
.more of the old ward politicians of "other .
days" are daily callers.
Mr. Buckley talked yesterday About his !
programme, and expressed some opinions
about other political things of current
, importance, What he was pleased to say
! for publication was in effect as follows:
"I am here doing what every citizen
ought to do— take an interest in politics.
"Now, I find that affairs here are poli
tically in an inchoate State. It reminds
me of the situation in 1882. Then, if you
remember, the municipality was in debt
and there had been a mismanagement of
public affairs. The Board of Trade, the
Chamber of Commerce and other bodies
proposed issuing bonds for $500,000 to pay
the city's debts, and all that sort of
thing; but that came to nothing. At that
time the Democrats were entirely reor
ganized by a committee of fifty chosen
by the State and County Central commit
tees. From that committee emanated a
system of clubs, known as tin 'Forty
seven District Clubs/ These clubs elected
delegates to .1 convention in Union Hall,
and that convention nominated a suc
cessful ticket, including Washington Bart
lett for Mayor and John Sullivan, Captain
James McDonald, J. Henley Smith, E. B.
Pond, Fleet I-'. Strother, Thomas Ash
worth and others for Supervisors.
"They took office in January, 1883. They
compromised some litigation with corpo
rations, and the first year they built
some schoolhouses, etc.. and ran the gov
ernment within a one-dollar limit. The
second year they built more schoolhouses.
ran the government for 97". cents and
left $200,000 in the treasury.
"I believe that if the citizens would
take advantage of the opportunity now
offered and go to the primaries this rec
ord could be repeated by the city govern
ment. It could possibly be done by either
party, but surely by the Democratic par
ty. At that election James J. Flynn was
elected County Clerk on a pledge to run
the office for $6000 a month, and he did
It. He told me that he could run it for
$5000 by cutting off tin dead weight which
every office has got to carry, more or
less.'
"This, in my opinion, is what the citi
zens want now, and they can have it if
they will go to the primaries and elect
representative men to both conventions
an, hold the parti. responsible. The
conventions will, in turn, elect county
committees that will see that pledges are
'"Now the aim and object of myself and
the friends associated with me will be
to repeat the government from is».j to
18S5 Whatever Individuals are nom
inated, the convention will adopt a plat
form and create a committee that will see
it carried out. ._»__«.
"We propose to organize for the purpose
of running a ticket for municipal conven
tion delegates at the primary election.
There will Ik- an organization in each As
sembly district and also an auxiliary club
in each primary election precinct. When
these precinct clubs are organized they
will each elect one or more delegates to a
general city committee, which will gov
ern the campaign. It is not yet known
lust how large this committee will be.
This will be done within thirty days. In
my opinion this will be the strongest Dem
ocratic organization San Francisfco ever
had As to how the plan is working, all
1 can say is that 'the work goes bravely
on' and the progress is something aston
ishing even to me. and you know I have
seen organizing done before.
"What figure will the Committee of One
Hundred cut? you ask. Under the Strat
ton primary law. which, by th.- way. is
the- best thing this municipality ever se
cured, the duties of till party governing
bodies are purely ministerial. They must
apportion delegates, determine the num
ber,-stipulate how elected, file certificates,
etc. . , .-. --, '- -,
- "In mv opinion i* will make no particu
lar difference whether delegates are elect
ed by precincts, by districts or at large.
ii, course. If they are elected at large;
they will represent one element of the
party, which is not Democratic. By
either of the other plans there would be
minority representation and It is always
best to respect, the minority. But as far
as we are concerned I think now it is
immaterial.
"As to the general political effect of
the primary law. I think that for one
thing It will dissipate a crowd of 'leaders'
who claim to be leaders In all parties. It
will stop a lot of fellows who are always
In office, no matter which party wins. If
the Democratic organization 1 am con
nected with Is successful we will do away
with all that.
"No, I don't think the law will work
here as It did in Stockton by letting one
party with no fight on its hands help out
a faction of an opposite party. In San
Francisco there will be such violent con
tentions in all the districts in all the par
ties that there will be little room for such
combinations. Nobody will have many
votes to spare for such plays at the pri
maries, in my opinion. The conditions
have entirely changed. There was no le
gal election before. Now one man has
one vote. The delegates to the convention
select the committee to govern the party
and all .other committees go out of ex
istence. The party is governed through
the primary. The people have the power
in their own hands. The question is,
Will they exercise it? If they will they
have a great opportunity. If there is a
machine it will be created by the people.
"The Rickard law? Well, it is in vogue
In several other States. It's a new thing,
and we'll have to try it before talking
about it too much. It undoubtedly sup
plements the primary law in strengthen
ing party organizations.
"I am a progressive man and I believe
the city ought to be improved. I believe
that the city ought to own its own gas
and water works. The city should be
sewered and its pavements improved. I
believe that if there was a fair assess
ment of property the city could be run on
the dollar limit and all necessary im
provements made. Of course the dollar
limit is meant to pay the running ex- !
penses and all charges for the sinking
fund required by any issue of bonds
would be supposed to require an additional
levy. I believe the new charter a good
thing, and I helped to. adopt it. The local
Democracy is in a chaotic state at this
moment, but, my dear sir. don't forget i
that this is a Democratic year."
Such is the present political appearance I
of Christopher* Buckley as he mounts
the saddle, and such is the outward ap
pearance of his policy.
HOW IT HAPPENS
THAT BASSETT
IS A CANDIDATE
Would Be Shipping
Commissioner.
! Colonel F. S. Chadbourne has taken his j
' credentials Into court, asking for a judl- i
I cial order to grab the seat in the State
i Board of Harbor Commissioners now oc
} cupied by Rudolph Herold. Should the
| colonel be placed on the witness stand
■ to tell the true story of his- appointment j
j the narrative would be decidedly inter- j
j est ing. There is scarcely the shadow of
< doubt that Chadbourne was slated for the
; office of president of the Board of llar
i bor Commissioners, the place which is
! now filled by Paris Kilburn, but in a
i shuffling or juggling which occurred at
Sacramento when the "organization" was i
I conducting politics in the way the In-
I diana man kept hotel, the name of Kil
j burn was substituted for that of Chad-
I bourne.
I In 1898 it was planned thai KUburn
I should have a Federal office as soon as
j Ids term as State Bank Commissioner ex
j pired. Just as it was programmed years
| before that he should have a State office
| when his career in the Federal office of
| Surveyor of the Port was ended. The of
j flee staked out for Kllburn was that of
j United States Shipping Commissioner.
The Call derived information at Sacra
mento that Mark Hanna had been con
! sulted as to the advisability of appoint
! ing Kilburn. but it could not be ascer
! tamed that Senator Perkins was enthusi-.
i astic .in supporting the claims of the ap
plicant. The fact was not disputed that
; Kilburn was in the Mexican Senatorial
■ corral giving comfort if not aid to Burns.
No doubt Senator Perkins was apprised
through the friends of U. S. Grant where
! Kilburn could lie found. When it became
- obvious to the organization that Hanna
' could not or would not advise the Presi
dent to appoint Kilburn Shipping Com
' missioner unless Senator Perkins urged
j the appointment, it was decided to slate
I Palis for the tirs» vacancy in the State
I Board of Harbor Commissioners and to
give Colonel Chadbourne a beautiful gold
I brick. The programme was carried out.
| Kilburn got an office and Chadbourne re
■ ceived a commission entitling him to the
I possession of a first-class lawsuit.
i The foregoing arrangement disposed of
! Kilburn and Chadbourne, but it left
Charles Basset I without immediate pros*:
i pect of remunerative employment as an
I office-holder. Bassett is not unknown to
State politics. He discovered 11. H.
! Markham of Pasadena and no one seeks
! to deprive him of the distinction belong
' ing to the discovery. He was not slow
to discover that Henry T. Gage stood
- a fine chance of winning the nomination
I for Governor in the Republican State
i convention last summer, and he at once
| proceeded to establish the most friendly
i relations with the prosepctive nominee.
i When Gage was nominated Basset fa po
litical future was assured. Comment ran
j along the line that he was to have an
other term as Harbor Commissioner, but
I the "organization" had others in view.
i The office of Shipping Commissioner was
; not lost sight of and so Basset) was ad
! vised to seek the good graces of Senator
i Perkins to obtain the favor in that quar
: ter which was once desired to reward
Kilburn. This is how it happened that
' Bassett became a candidate for United
| States Shipping Commissioner.
1 Bassett served with Burns on the State
1 Central Committee which conducted tile.
Markham campaign and as a reward for
hi.- services was appointed Harbor Com- i
i missioner. It cannot be called to mind
I that his service was of any benefit to the
State, but as he was recognized then for
discovering Markham perhaps he should
now be rewarded for not discovering j
Gage.
AMERICAN LEGION OF HONOR.
The Grand Council Holds Its Annual
Session and Elects Officers for
the Current Term.
At the session of the Grand Council of the
American Legion of Honor held in B'ne B'rlth
Hall the reports presented showed that the
financial condition of the order is. in a healthy
■•late. Needed legislation was adopted and re
ferred to the supreme head of the order tor
approval, at the session to be held in August
next. The following named were elected the
officers of the Grand Council for the current
term: William Metzner. commander; E. V.
Jones vice commander; W. W. Hobart, orator;
V; (* Sterling, secretary; W. H. H. Hamil
ton treasurer: E. B. Cooper, chaplain: Mary
C Snyder, guide; O. F. ■ Haitian, warden; A.
A. Nathan, sentry: J. H. Baker, Gus I'ohl
man and J.- W. Disbrow, finance committee;
Thomas Fllbern, supreme representative; W.
H. H. Hamilton, alternate. The new officers
were installed by District Deputy Commander
Walter D. Mansfield.
Celebration Postponed.
Arrangements were made for a grand
! celebration at Larkspur to-morrow, but
i owing' to the stubbornness of wind and
I tide the event will have to be postponed
' one week, to May 14. There .was to have
i been a plank sidewalk laying "bee" in
| order that the many visitors of that pretty
; little resort in Marin County could travel
1 around the town and not get their fancy
! slippers and patent leathers soiled. Over
1 $300 worth of lumber, amounting to about
22,000 feet, had been ordered, and the inten
! tion was for the citizens to turn out with
; hammers and. saws and place the new
sidewalks in position. The lumber was to
have been there to-day, but the gentleman
I who navigates the scow schooner on
i which It was to. arrive failed to get the
material on the ground in time, and hence
I the postponement.
Stabbed a Sailor.
i Domlnico Rumaz, who stabbed John
! Johnson, a sailor in the doorway of a sa
| loon at Jackson and Sansome streets
i Thursday night, was instructed and ar
raigned before Acting Police Judge Groez
inger yesterday on a charge of. assault to
murder. The case was continued till May
i 9 and his bonds were increased to $10,000.
CORRIGAN CORRUPTED
HIS JOCKEY STANFORD
__# . If. T II __ Fh 1
Made Him Lose a Hurdle Race at
Latonia, Ky.
Rascally Doings of the Ingleside Czar Lead to a
Suit for Damages That Will Develop an
Interesting and Ugly History.
EDWARD CORRIGAN, czar of
Ingleslde and sultan of Emery
ville, will be haled into court
shortly to show cause why he
V should not be compelled to pay
$5000 to Alfred Nickells for defaming
Nickells* character to Prince Poniatow
ski and inducing the Prince to dis
charge Nickells as his trainer of racing
horses.
There was filed in the Superior Court
late yesterday afternoon a complaint
by Attorney Bert Schlesinger entitled
Alfred Nickells vs. Edward Corrigan.
The complaint recites that the plaintiff
was in the employ of Andre Poniatow
ski from November of last year until
April 10 of this year as a horse trainer.
EDW/rtRO CORRIGAN.
and that on the date last mentioned
Edward Corrigan said in the presence
of Prince Poniatowskl and others:
"Nickells is the crookedest man on
thj racetrack. (Jet rid of him. Not be
cause of what would happen now, but
what might happen if you keep him."
The complaint alleges that the Words
quoted were slanderous and defama
tory, and were the cause of his dismis
sal from employment by the Prince and
damaged Nickells to the extent- of $5000.
A second alleged cause of complaint is
that four days later Corrigan said in
the presence of bystanders: "Nickells
is the crookedest man on the race
track."
H. Cooper, owner of Silverado, a well- ,
known race horse, will be an important
witness for the plaintiff in the suit. Mr.
Cooper is a young gentleman of means,
who finds recreation in racing not from
mercenary motives, but for the pure
love of the sport; and because he dis
approved of Corrigan's gambling
methods he and his horses were ruled
off the track a short time ago. Cooper
is connected with the story of Corri
gan's animosity toward Nickells, which
dates from January 14 of this year. On
that day Cooper's horse Silverado ran
against Corrigan's horse Colonel Bart
lett. Just before the start Nickells said
to Corrigan, "1 think I can win this
race," Silverado having been entered in
Nickells' name. "7 "
Silverado beat the Corrigan horse,
and Corrigan, with the "gameness" of
a pawnbroker, "roared." Being a job
ber himself, he thought everybody else
must be the same, and he accused
Cooper of having jobbed him. The story
was told to a Call reporter yesterday
by Mr. Cooper.
"After a very close finish my horse
won," said Mr. Cooper. "Corrigan
raised quite a furor and declared that
if any other man but himself had been
second in the race he would have pro
tested against awarding the purse to
Cooper. He claimed that he had been
the victim of foul play and went be
fore the board of stewards and tried
to have us ruled off the track. I was
invited to appear before the board, but
I was not permitted to know the na
ture of the charges against me. I had
heard that Corrigan had said that I
had paid two of the jockeys in the race
to pull their horses in order that mine
might win. ..' -
"I stated my case to the board, and
said that I had been absent in Oregon
for ten days prior to the race and had
returned to this city only on the morn
ing of the race. I had a gentleman of
high standing to testify to this fact
and I insisted that he should be heard
in my behalf. Corrigan said, 'Nobody
disputes your word,' and the rest of the
board of stewards seemed to have
nothing to say. Corrigan, as usual,
was running the whole thing. Corrigan
refused to allow my witness to be
called. Then he offered Jockey Stan
ford a race horse if he would go before
the board of stewards and testify
against us.
"Shortly after that Nickells wanted
to enter another colt of mine and he
went to Secretary .Green and asked
permission to enter the colt for a race.
Green admitted that we had been ex
onerated by the board of stewards, and
said that he would allow the colt to
run if I would agree to certain black
mailing demands of Corrigan, which I
refused to do, and my colt was not al
lowed to run. The demand that Cor
rigan made upon me I decline to state
. ■;■--.'.■• ■-■- ■ -.- ■..■
at this time, but it will all come out at
the trial." ■■•'■>-' *'_
The Jockey Stanford alluded to by Mr.
Cooper in the foregoing statement is A. E.
•Stanford, a hurdle rider cf fifteen years
experience. He also will be a witness to
the devious ways of Corrigan. Stanford
said that in June. 1897, he was engaged by
Corrigan to ride Corrigan's horse Redding
ton in a hurdle race in Latonia, Ky. Im
mediately prior to the race Corrigan met
Stanford with the following- proposition,
as related in an affidavit:
"Corrigan said to me: 'You cannot win
on this horse to-day. I have got a bet
on War Bonnet, and they tell me he is a
good horse to-day. Now don't you hit
this horse you are riding with the whip.
I don't care if you get beat as far as
that fence (indicating a fence about 100
yards distant). If the judges ask you any
questions,' continued Corrigan. 'tell them
what I told you and they won't say any
thing to you. There's a race coming off
next Tuesday for non-winners, and I will
run this horse Reddington in there and he
will win. In order to get into that race I
must be beat to-day.'
"I rode Reddington," continued Jockey
Stanford, "and he was last in the race.
The first price in the betting was 7 to 10.
War Bonnet, the horse on which Corrigan
had placed his money was selling at 3 or
4 to 1. • On the following Tuesday Redding
ton was entered in the hurdle race for
non-winners and his price in the betting
was 2 to 1, and he won easily. There were
about six horses in the race. That was
the only time that anybody has ever ap
proached me during my fifteen years' ex
perience in riding races."
The next incident narrated ny Stanford
throws a flood of light upon the charac
ter of the racetrack Czar. It follows:
"On April IS this year I called on Mr.
Corrigan by appointment at the Palace
Hotel, and the following conversation en
sued. As I entered his room he said,
'How do- you do? I sent for you last
night, and I am very sorry I failed to
meet you.' I told him I was there and
had waited until 10 o'clock. He then said.
'I have just received a telegram offering
me $5000 for Bachelor, and I don't think
I will take it. I tjiink he can win the
grand national steeplechase at New
York.' I said that I didn't think Bach
elor was worth $5000, and he said, 'I can
buy some pretty good horses at times,
and I can give $5000 any day to get a
horse that I can make a jumper of. I
give my horses to whom I please, and I
will give you a good jumper if you will
testify against Cooper and Nickells.' f
"I said, 'I am willing to testify to what
I know before the board of stewards,' and
he said that the board would meet
THIS (SATURDAY) IS THE
SIXTH DAY
REORGANfZATION SALE! I
_ . k
From 9 o'clock A. M. until 10
o'clock P. M. our establishment will s.
be open for business.
New lines of bargains especially
desirable for Saturday trade will be
displayed in several of our depart-
ments. " .
Our patrons are respectfully re-
minded that all goods purchased up
to 9 o'clock P. M. will be in time for
our latest delivery.
I_f[_f Murphy Building, /
Market and. Jones Streets.
-■'■■■ - .ii. . . i— i.i. i. — . - n ■-.. ..„...- . - -. ■ ... . ....  ■■■ ■ ■ ■.■■■ . I, i , ,»„. .._,— ,____,_______,
in one hour's time. He expressed anger
at my answer and picked up his hat and
went downstairs.
"I testified before the board of stew
ards, and made a full, free and honest
statment of all the facts. I know of
nothing that in any wise reflects upon
the honesty of Mr. Cooper or Mr. Nick
ells. For obvious reasons I didn't deem
it necessary to tell Mr. Corrigan this."
Bert Schlesinger, attorney for the plain
tiff, was next called upon, but he declined
to discuss the matter, and would neither
admit nor deny the statements made by
Cooper, Stanford and Nickells.
SAILORS VS. MEDICOS.
Baseball Game to Raise Funds to Dec-
orate California Soldiers.
A game of baseball will be played nt
Sixteenth and Folsom streets on Saturday
afternoon, May 13, between sailors of the
battleship lowa and a nine chosen from
students from the College of Physicians
and Surgeons. The game will be under
the auspices of the Native Sons of the
Golden West and the gate receipts will be
devoted to a fund for. the purchase of
suitable decorations for California's sol
diers upon their return from the land of
the Filipinos.
The respective nines have volunteered
to contribute their services, and though
neither organization is an old one, it
has shown in the few contests already
played a knowledge of the national game
which will furnish good entertainment.
The relative positions are as follows:
U. S. S. lowa. Position. C. of P. and S.
Geiger Pitcher ; McKee
1-:. J. Lyons Catcher Deacon
T. Hurd .Shortstop Nixon
R. I 'onion First base Pomeroy
O. I -is.- >wsky Second base Posner
W. Winters Third has.- Chismore
D. G. Mendel Left field Arella
K.J. Burke Center field Nuton
F. Samuels Right field Burr
The following are the attaches of the
teams:
IT. S. S. lowa. C. of P. and S.
E. J. Burke Captain Deacon
L. Hildebrandt Manager. .W. H. Burnham
"Boy" (E. J. Jones). . Mascot (Baby) Fowler
J. J. Costello Substitute Jackson
W. J. Shine i Substitute Sweeny
J. Gaskin Relief pitcher Kelly
T. Buthorn Relief "atelier Ward
LOS ANGELES CITY
LOST THE BIG SUIT
WATER COMPANY^ VICTORY IN
THx SUPREME COURT.
Its Great- Plant May Be Purchased
but Not Seized — Contract, Not
a Lease, Was Made.
The big legal fight between the city of
Los Angeles and the Los Angeles Water
Company was decided by the Supreme
Court yesterday in favor of the water
company. In 1868. when the city was not
larger than a village it owned its own
water works, which seems to have con
sisted at that time of a crude wheel and
about ten miles of wooden Hume. In that
year the city entered into a contract with
the water company by which it agreed to
turn over the "plant" mentioned to the
company upon the consideration that the
company would put in and maintain a
modern plant, extend pipe lines into the
city as demand required and furnish
schools and municipal buildings, fire hy
drants, etc., with water without expense
to the city. Another condition in the
agreement was that at the end of thirty
years the city could acquire possession of
the water works upon the payment to the
company of the value of the plant, mams
and all improvements. ;••
The thirty years expired last year, and
the municipality sought to secure posses
sion of the water works, but did not pro
pose to pay for the same. It was main
tained that the franchise was equivalent
to the improvements, that the agreement
was a lease and that upon the expiration
of the same the property in question went
back to the city the same as the leased
piece of land with any improvements that
the tenant might have placed hereon.* A
move was taken to take the water works
by force and have a receiver appointed to
attend to the running of the business un
til the matter was settled. The water
company secured an injuncion to prevent
this being done and the lower court decid
ed against the city. It was from this in
junction that the . anpeal to the higher
court was taken. Before a final decision
was given half a dozen other actions at
law were started and appeals taken, but
the principal one was a suit by the city
to recover the water works.
The Supreme Court declares that the
agreement was a contract and not a lease.
Therefore it' has no right to that which
it never owned, the orig— "plant" being
all that was ever transferred from the
city to the company. Another point was
that the water company could not be
compelled to deliver over the plant, etc..
until the value is paid by the city. If tho
city wants to own these water works it
must pay for the same, according to the
contract. The other cases relating to- the
same matter before the court were dis
posed of according to the principal de
cision.
Was Not a Vagrant.
Mrs. Josephine Shanley. 658 Folsom
street, who has only been married three
weeks, went out of her house at 2 o'clock
yesterday morning to buy a ham sand
wich, so she told Judge Graham yester
day, and Policemen Driscoll and Greall
arrested her and booked her on a charge
of vagrancy. Her husband is a mechanic
and appeared in court to ask for a dismis
sal of the case. The Judge unuer the cir
cumstances dismissed it. but advised Mrs.
Shanley not to go for a ham sandwich at
such an unreasonable hour. He also ad
vised the officers to be more careful.
A Basket Picnic.
The regular monthly meeting of the Cal
ifornia State Floral Society will be held
to-day in the garden of John Hinkel of
2520 ('banning way, Berkeley. Mrs. W. H.
Wiester will read a paper on the subject
of "Roses." Nearly all of the members of
the society will be in attendance, because
of a novel feature that is to be introduced.
They will take their lunches and form
really a basket picnic. The majority from
this "city will leave on the 9:30 a. m. boat.
Suicide of Mrs,. Abbot.
Flora Abbot, wife of Billy Abbot, the
well-known saloon-keeper, committed sui
cide in her room at 309 Grant avenue yes
terday afternoon by drinking carbolic
acid. She had been despondent and sick
for some weeks past and to her friends
had made the statement that she. would
some day end her troubles.
56
JhlSt <*te*i£^-QI&U
SATURDAY .....MAY 6, ißoo \
JOHN D. SPRECKELS," Proprietor. «
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third *Sts.. S. F. Jj
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574. ' J
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK. ; 3
v Single Copies. 5 cents. j I
Terms by Mall., Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.00 I r
PAIL.. CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 . (
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3* months 1.T.0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «.'.o i l
. DAY CALL One Year ". 1.r.0 j j
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1,00 j
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions. "\ r
(Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. '• I j
OAKLAND OFFICE :. 908 Broadway r
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative. j 5
Washington id. cj office Wellington Hotel j c
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. 1
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building \}
C.GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative. C
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, I *
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Mayes street, open until | (
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:33 j .
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Markel j a
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 261^
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh j
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open j s
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second cntj j 1
Kentucky street-, open until 9 o'clock. " j .
AMUSEMENTS.
1
Columbia— "The Woman Hater."
Grand Opera House— "El Capitan."
Orphcum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Capta iti Swift."
Tlvoli— "The Geisha."
Chutes 7Joo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olyn-pia-Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
Recreation Park Baseball to-day.
■ g t ->-day.
■
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
El Camp.— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
i
THE ATKINSON INCIDENT.
IT is well that the discussion of national policy, j
novel or otherwise, shall be on the lines of reason j
and conducted with calmness. Edward Atkinson j
is one of the most distinguished of American pub
licists, and. with the single exception of the late )
David A. Wells, has been the most copious writer in i
this country upon economic and public subjects. He
has chosen to write and print statistics bearing upon j
the commerce, climate and characteristics of the tor
rid zone, and to draw therefrom conclusions as to the
wisdom of. large expenditures of life and treasure in
the conquest and occupancy of tropical territory.
These publications he addressed to Admiral Dewey,
Generals Otis, Lawton and Mac Arthur and to the
members of the Philippine Commission now in
Manila. The civil officers of the Government have
been ordered to exclude them from the mails, and it
No one is prepared to defend the wisdom of Mr.
Atkinson in sending his pamphlets to our highest j
naval, military and civil officers in the Philippines. i
They are all busy. It is a languid climate, and in their |
moments of repose we have no doubt those grizzled i
sons of Mars are more interested in a cool drink or
the study of how to shuck" some additional gar- i
ment made necessary in the temperate zone but not I
conventionally nor physically required under a ver
tical sun.
Perhaps it would have been better to let Mr. At
kinson's pamphlets go and test the fidelity of those
martial and civil officials by writing them that the
same are on the index expurgatorius of the Govern
ment and must not be read. To take the matter out
of the mails, may em like a suspicion of immaturity
on the part of those uniformed gentlemen, and the
fear that they may be led astray by tables demonstrat- I
ing the loss of revenue to the United States by abate- j
ment of the tariff on sugar. Mr. Atkinson has ad- |
dressed himself to a quite impassioned table of figures i
on that and other subjects of equally vivid interest, j
The administration should not permit itself to be mis- j
understood in this matter. That there is danger of \
misunderstanding cannot be denied.
Divers views are held as to the Philippine policy. |
Official tolerance and hospitality to the expression of j
them all would seem to be the proper American j
policy, consistent with the still prevalent ideas of what j
American liberty means. In the period of our Revo- j
Jution Burke. Fox and Pitt in the beginning of that]
struggle took sides with our forefathers in revolt
■clear to the end
speak nd vote on the
of the Americans and in sympathy with their i
The speeches of those
'..rinted in our common
ulom for American
youth. Wi rom them not only a love of j
ty but a high appreciation of the freedom of j
nion maintained in Eng-
Ired and twenty-five years ago.
For a century and a quarter it has been supposed '
on in this country improving upon j
that freedom and tolerance. Lei not the act of the
civil ami- ■ mped matter out of the I
mails be • that we have not im
e in authority do anything that will
warrant the belief that there is • :edom of speech*
and tolerance of opinions in this republic than there
-.land under George 111 in 1776.
Let nothing be done that will justify the fear that
in escaping from British rule we escaped from* more
than we have established for ourselves.
It will be seen clearly, and should be seen and un
derstood at once, that every show of arbitrary power
or sign of fear that a policy will not bear criticism
and therefore comment must be suppressed gives
strength to the fear that designs of imperialism and
militarism are cherished, and that when they come it
will be not only to rough ride the rights of subjects
in the tropics, but to abridge the liberty of citizens at
home.
Testimony showing the injurious effects of fumes
emanating from the garbage crematory ought not to
be surprising, as The Call long ago exposed the fact
that it is the habit of the Examiner managers to have
large numbers of copies of that paper burned at the
crematory while they are still fresh enough to retain
all their odors.
The demand of Spain for the cession of Chinese
territory is embarrassing, for if we should ever be
called upon to whip her again we would have to take
that possession from her and become Chinese spolia
tors ourselves.
General Merritt's statement that Alger is the best
Secretary of War .the world has ever seen is apt to
raise the suspicion that there is about as much AJgcr
i«m in Merritt as there is merit in Alger.
__■_____*».-'.
A RECREANT GOVERNOR. -\
THE Examiner and its Canadian annex always
have the latest news of th« imperial progress of
C. P. Huntington throughout the State., As he
sits in his carriage, with the despotic expression of an
oriental potentate, throwing contemptuous glances on
cither side, he can always feel confident that the latest
dispensations of his providence have been duly
promulgated.
Among other press deliveries for which the public
should be duly thankful is the information that the
requisition of Governor Gage by Mr. Huntington has
•een thoroughly established. It is always advanta
geous to know the exact truth, and, while it is not a
:ause for gratification but for regret, The Call ac
:epts due service of the confirmation of the belief
t has for some months entertained, that, within a
xasonable time, the present executive would throw
■side the mask of respect for his constituents and
eveal the hardened features of a tool of monopoly.
Mr. Gage accepted the nomination of a Republican
State Convention and passed through the entire
canvass that preceded his election on , the distinct
pledge that the railroad was out of politics and with
the general belief that he possessed such mental in
dependence, such a strong character and such pa
triotic devotion to American institutions, that not
even a doubt need be entertained that his adminis
tration of the high office to which he aspired would be
an honor to his party and to the State.
He had scarcely been inaugurated when his. per
sonal announcement that he favored the candidacy of
Dan Burns excited suspicion in the minds of the peo
ple, and especially among faithful advocates of Re
publican principles, who had supported him with
earnestness and with sincerity. So long, however, as
he did not use the patronage at his disposal to con
trol the political situation, he was not only exempted
from severe. criticism for his individual disregard of a
popular sentiment that was practically unanimous, but
he was commended for his passive recognition of the
right of a separate branch of the State government.
hen Dan Burns was defeated, however, and the
Legislature had adjourned, the suspicions previously
entertained ripened into certainties. Mr. Gage now
presents himself as a Republican Governor, prepared
to exert all the power of his office to aid the railroad
design to throw California out of the Republican
column in the Presidential election of 1900. No
sooner had Matt Quay received the formal but void
appointment to succeed himself as a Federal Senator
from the Governor of Pennsylvania than Mr. Gage
declared his intention to appoint Dan Burns, if our
highest national council reversed its own precedents
and violated the fundamental law from which its ex
istence was derived. As might have been expected,
the Examiner, professedly a Democratic organ, hav
ing insidiously helped the railroad during the entire
Senatorial deadlock at Sacramento, was favored with
the first opportunity to print this declaration of in
tention, which has been followed by repeated evi
dences of a set purpose to deliver the State to Mr.
Huntington.
The Call loyally and effectively aided Mr. Gage in
his campaign, not for a moment supposing that the
treacheries which are now being demonstrated were
possible or even conceivable. Its first duty is to its
country — its second to the Republican party. The
true and permanent interests of both are identical.
! The welfare of neither can be promoted by corrup
'. tion, by fraud, by masquerading, by a combination of
outrageous assaults upon popular government, visible
as the noonday sun and conceived in iniquity and
j brought forth in dishonor. Therefore, because The
I Call meant exactly what it said in 1898. because the
1 utter insincerity of Mr. Gage has now be
come apparent, because the executive depart
i ment of the State government has been deeply
cauterized by the railroad brand, because there
is a manifest determination that the lower elements
of politics shall control the organization of that
great party which received its baptism of glory when
it was consecrated to "Liberty and Union, one and
inseparable." we warn the Republicans of the State
i against the disrupting machinations of the corruption
! ists of all parties, and urge them, in their primaries
j and by every form of personal and collective in
; fluence, to prove that power of resistance which the
I Republican majority in the Legislature successfully
i asserted, and, in their primary capacity, to enforce
j their right of absolute control.
The battle now being waged throughout the Union
i by great Republicans, backed by their incorruptible
fellow citizens, to suppress fraud and treachery within
1 their own party and to unite national patriotism for
the ascendancy of American self-government in equal
antagonism to monopolistic dogmatism and obstinacy
on the one side and to every form of proletarianism
on the other is one of the noblest spectacles of the
century. The contest of 1000 cannot be .yon by
chicanery, by vacillation, by infidelity to principle or
by the denial of the profoundest truth ever expressed
in a Roman maxim — that "the safety of the republic
i: the supreme law."
NATIONAL SUPERVISION NEEDED.
EVIDENCE collected by the Illinois legislative
investigation of impure foods offered for sale in
the .markets of that State confirms the impres
sion that the evil is of proportions too large to be
dealt with by the .States separately, that its suppres
sion requires the exercise of the powers of the Na
tional Government itself.
One of the witnesses before the legislative com-
I mittee, a Chicago druggist, testified that while most
! European countries forbid the sale of adulterated
goods within their own borders they do not forbid
the manufacture of such articles for sale elsewhere.
As a consequence the United States has been made
the dumping ground for all kinds of vile mixtures
compounded in France or in Germany and sent here
ito be sold. It is clear offenses of that kind could be
much more effectively checked by the officials of the
nation at the custom-houses of ports of entry than by
i State authorities. When adulterated goods have once
! • I tamed entrance to the country and found their way
to the hands of the retailers it is a very difficult task
i indeed to seek them out and prevent their sale.
Further evidence given to the committee discloses
the fact that adulterations are largely used to preserve
foods for long periods of time, or to color them so
as to make them more attractive to consumers. By
such adulterations articles of food that in themselves
are wholesome are made dangerous to health. It is
stated that the chemical most used as a preservative
is salicylic acid, a drug which has an extremely per
nicious effect upon the human system.
A- considerable number of States have now adopted
pure 'food laws of a more or less comprehensive char
acter, but even where they are enforced it is found
the results are not altogether satisfactory. In this
State, for example, it was noted that the vigorous
crusade against impure food in San Francisco- had the
effect of causing the dealers in such articles to ship
them to cities and towns where less vigilance was ex
ercised. Thus the good effects of the law were purely
local and were obtained largely at' the expense of
other communities.
The same defect interferes with -the operation of all
THE SA7N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
local or State laws on the subject. A stringent law
in California preventing the manufacture of impure
goods in the State would simply open a way for
adulterated goods manufactured elsewhere. A State
has no effective means of shutting Qut the products
of another State, and consequently its food laws, no
matter how well devised or with what vigor enforced,
are inadequate to the issue.
For some years past there has been an attempt at
every session of Congress to procure the enactment
of a national pure food law.' The dairymen of New
i ork have fought against the sale of adulterated
cheese fraudulently marked with the New York
brand, the flour men of Minnesota have endeavored
to obtain legislation preventing the adulteration of
flour, and several other States have, through their
delegations in Congress, been equally earnest in the
effort to bring about the enactment of. remedial legis
lation, but hitherto all efforts have been in vain.
The time has come for making a combined effort
to put an end to the evil. Adulterated food, drink and
medicine constitute far more serious menaces to pub
lic welfare than the trusts about which so much is
being said. If a vigorous campaign of education on
the subject were undertaken now it is probable the
desired legislation could be obtained at the next ses
sion of Congress, and to that end boards of trade,
chambers of commerce and all associations of manu
facturers of pure foods should unite.
DELUSIONS OF FOREIGNERS.
THERE are many foreigners who actually believe
that the maintenance of the American republic
is impossible, that it will be a very short time be
fore our government is changed to the imperial form,
I and that, if necessary, the army will be used for that
purpose. Only yesterday an intelligent Englishman,
with whom the wish was probably father to the
thought, expressed his belief that we were on the
verge of a revolution, and that Great Britain and the
United States together would soon appropriate all
vacant spaces in the world 'and enter upon a crusade
in Asia and in Africa, and ultimately in Europe, com
| pletely to enforce the rule of the Anglo-Saxon.
Among the number of straws" that to his mind con-
I clusively proved an uncontrollable drift in this direc
tion, he mentioned the fact that it had been published
'that Secretary Alger had determined that General
Miles, who has always retained his belief in our na
tional institutions, should be deprived of his command
and that General Merritt, who publicly declared that
the "constitution had been outgrown," would take his
! place.
The superficial indications of American politics are
very deceptive to those who do not comprehend the
American people. The loose talk, so common of late
among mere popularity seekers, the determination of
an unpatriotic class of opulent speculators to drag
the country, nolens volens, into a policy of foreign
acquisition, the frequency of matrimonial alliances
with aristocratic families, the disregard of popular
rights by many of our politicians and by some of our
statesmen, the corrupt use of money in Senatorial
elections and also in nominating conventions and
even at the polls, the frequent allusions to Columbia
as if she had been brought up. in a short republican
frock of common stuff and was now old enough to
wear imperial satin with a long train these and other
similar factPhave been misinterpreted as if they were
the real and the predominating signs of the times in
this republic.
The deep sea currents are often contrary to the
movements on the surface. In the United States
there are resistless forces in the hearts and in the
minds of the people, intelligently conscious of their
sovereignty, that are not declamatory or boisterous,
and for months or years are concealed by the as
sumptions and the pretensions of' self-constituted
leaders who when the necessity is developed and the
hour is ripe disappear like stubble before a tornado.
In 1806 a stranger in our land who read the volumes
of frothy matter, with buncombe illustrations, pub
lished in the Journal- Examiner or the Examiner-
Journal and in other newspapers affected with
epilepsy or St. Vitus dance, or who listened to the
lurid rhetoric of W. J. Bryan and his corps of dema
gogues, might have really believed that the industrial
masses favored cheap money, the reduction of wages
and the economical degradation of their country. But
when the^ American brain and the American con
science inscribed their verdict upon the ballots there
was hardly enough Bryan Democracy left to supply
yeast for the next campaign.
If our English friend had enjoyed a longer expe- i
rience in the United States he might ,have awaited
some confirmation of the alleged determination of
Secretary Alger. He might at least have observed :
the very next day that the President did not sympa- ''
thize with the attempted excoriation of General Miles
by the Court of Inquiry. If he had examined the state i
papers of the President and his Cabinet, the military j
and naval reports, and all official documents bearing
en the war with Spain and its results, it would have
puzzled him to discover any avowal of imperialistic '
tendencies or any concealed affection for imperialism. |
If he had observed" the proceedings' of a very large
meeting recently held in Chicago, and of other meet- ;
ings held in New York, in Boston and in many
American cities, he would have ascertained the exist
ence of decided opposition to the expansion of our
territory away from this continent. Finally, if he had '
read, marked, learned and inwardly digested the i
columns of The Call for the last two years he would j
have found that the individuality of this republic and I
its freedom from all entangling alliances are still the
cherished convictions of many of our best and wisest
citizens.
The Mazct committee may think it has weakened I
Croker's boss-ship in New York, but the fact that the
papers of the city devoted as much space to an ac- j
count of his departure for England as was given to
a description of the President's visit to Philadelphia
to unveil the Grant monument inclines to the belief
the boss will come back to his own when the Mazet j
men have gone to join the Lexow fellows who once j
flourished as brightly and just about as long as a i
skyrocket. . \
. m— —
The newly organized steel trust is laid to be the
largest combination of capital in the world, but it is '
doubtful if it be larger than that which organized and !
controls the great coal combine. Eventually, how
ever, the two giant concerns may swallow one '
another and form a trust that can rightly boast -of I
being a record-breaker. t
Tom Reed. will probably be put to the test of a
London banquet before long, and then we shall see i
whether he can give Embassador Choate an illustra
tion of how to be an American in England and yet !
talk sensibly.
I — •— i-V '
No consumer of gas should pay the extortionate i
charges of the gas company without making a formal j
protest, so as to save his right to recover later on all
money paid in excess of the legal rate.
We have captured another capital of the Filipinos,
but we might .as well have captured 30 cents. It
doesn't take Aguinaldo long to get a new supply of
such capitals as he need*
ARE READY FOR THE WORD.
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association Announces the
Entries for Its Fall Meeting.
A meeting- of the directors of the Pa- .
cine Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' As
sociation was held yesterday afternoon I
and the list of entries for the fall meet I
prepared. The list is an unusually large
one and shows that more harness horses
are In training for the circuit this year
than for many years past. The race meet
ing will be held the week fallowing the j
State Fair In either this city or Oakland.
The entries up to date are as follows: |
. 2:40 class trotting, purse $1000— F. D. Mc- I
Gregor's b. m. Eleanor Ann, Vendome Stock I
Farm's br. g. Boodler, Peter E. Jessen's eh.
8. Juan Chlco, <*. W. Berry's s. f. Psyche, j
P. .1 Williams' b. s. Silver Bow Jr.. i . M. I
Ryder's s. m. Hattie Hero, C. K. Ragan's I
s. m. Mabel S, Santa Rosa Stock Farm's br. j
m. Stambouletta, J. B. Stetson's b. g. Tickets, .
J. B. Iverson's br. h. Prince Near, <". E.-
Clark's b. m. Llsterlne, Park Henshaw's b. g.
Monte Carlo. M. Salisbury's b. g. Birdcatcher, I
S. H. Hoy's br. g. McNallv.
2:30 class trot, purse $1000— Rosedale Stock I
Farm's, b. m. Bertha R. C. E. Park's b. m. |
!t ott ,l ' -/* Purrington's eh. h. Granville. [
D _"': Knight's b. g. Dos Mlnutos, Robert
Noble s Ch. m. Ruby X. If. E. Wise's b g.
Cholaffle, Pleasanton Stock Farm's eh. m. Lady ;
Salisbury, Park Henshaw's b. g. Monte-Carlo, 1
Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. m. Adios7c. M.
Ryder s blk. m. Hattie Hero, Ellas Williams'
b. s Silver Bow Jr., O. W. Berry's s. m.
Psyche, Peter E. Jensen's en. h. Juan Chlco. I
\endome Stock Farm's br. g. Boodler, F. D. I
McGregor's b. m. Eleanor Ann. '
2:27 class trot, purse $1000— C. E. Clark's br. \
m. Sue, 11. Schtosser's b. g. Richard 8, B.
Lrkenbrecher's hr. m. Miss Barnabee Alex
ander Brown's hr. m. Lottie. J. _. smith's !
b. m. Ruby, John Moorhead's blk. in. Sibyl,
B, Rosedale Stock Farm's 1,. m . Diana, C. E.
Park s i. m. Lottie, J. Purrington's eh. h.
Granville, D. E. Knight's ... g. Lynhood. Park
Henshaw s blk. m. Baud P, Pleasanton Stock
Farm s b. g. Birdcatcher.
2:19 class, trotting, nomination purse, SIOTO—
D. E. Knight,. Marysville; C. K. Clark. Fresno;
E. veil. Alameda: G. E. Shaw. Hollister;
Pleasanton Stock Farm. Pleasanton; Park Hen- '
shaw, Chlco; J. J. Connor, Salinas; W. H.
Lumsden, Santa Rosa; Alex. Brown, Walnut
Grove; J. L. Smith, Valiejo; Vendome Stock
Farm, San Jose; Santa Rosa Stock Farm. Santa
Rosa. .-,3*ißßjm&m
2:18 class, trotting, nomination purse, (1060—
J. L. Smith, Valiejo; Alex. Brown, Walnut
Grove; J. J. Connor, Salinas; Park Henshaw. :
Chlco; Pleasanton Stock Farm, Pleasant'!,;
I.1 '. K. J*night. Marysville; Oakwood Park ♦Stock
Farm, Danville; J. H. el ley, San Bernardino!
Dr. W. L. Spoor, Redlands; Santa Rosa Stock
Farm, Santa Rosa; Vendome Stock Farm, San
Jose; C. L. Griffith. San Francisco; E. Top
ham. Mllpitas; William D. Nichols, Sacra
mento. * . _ •>,",
2:30 class, pacing, purse $1000— Park Hen
shaw's b. g. John Boggs, P. J. Vetter's b. g.
Captain Hackett, J. B. Iversori's b. m. Die- ''
tlna, Vendome Stock Farm's eh. g. . Diagonal,
J. H. Kelly's oh m. Cleon. J. L. Smith's oh.
s. Gaft Toosall. Herbert Levy's br. g. I
Frank L. M. Schweitzer's . blk. g. . Content- !
ment, James Sutherland's h. m. Hattie c..
J. B. Stetson's b. m. Madeline G. S. H. Hoy's
b. s. Demonlo. Peter E. Jessen's hr. h. Alta. :
D. J. Felton's eh. g. El Diablo. Farts Stock
.Farm's eh. g. ■ Wayboy, John Baker's b. m.
Connie, S. C. Tryon's br. s. Daedalion, George •
E. Shaw's m. Myrtha Wilkes. Santa isa
Stock Farm's h. m. 'Helen D, Alex. Brown's
br. g. Sable I.a Grand. Vloget' Stock Farm's
blk s. Wild Xutling. F. D McGregor's b. m.
Cock Robin. F. G. Crawford's b. f. Melba. R.
P. M. Greeley's br.m. Winnie Wilkes. *
2:25 class, pacing, purse $1000— Park Hen
shaw's b. g. John Hoggs. Vioget Stock Farm's
br. s. Wild Nutllng. F. J. Vetter s b. g. Cap- j
tain Hackett. Vendome stock Farm's eh. g.
MORE TALES
OF SICKNESS
FROM GARBAGE
Mrs. Wohlken's Chil
dren Prostrated.
— ♦ —
SMOKE THAT BREEDS FEVER
— — ,
A SNOWSTORM OF HALF-CON
SUMED EXAMINERS. v
♦
Limburger Cheese a Bouquet of Vio
lets Compared With the Varied
and Pungent Odors From.
, Reduction Works.
Moore evidence was piled up yesterday
in the case of the Sanitary Reduction
Works of San Francisco* and others
against the California Reduction Company
, and others to prove that the monopoly
was scattering the germs of disgust and
disease and other germs in the thickly
settled neighborhood to the northward of
! the crematory.
One. witness told of a fall of ashes and
partly burned paper and rags that fell
In his neighborhood about five weeks ago
1 when the wind was blowing from the
southeast. It resembled a fall of snow, he
I said, only that it was not so clean or in
vigorating, although the odor was strong
enough to move a brick house.
Mrs. Mary Wohlken of , ; ,28 Ninth street
: told about the intolerable Stench arising
j from the chimney of the crematory. One
of her daughters, between 11 and 12 years
j old, was sick for a long time and an older
, daughter. was 111 all summer. The doc
tor whom she had called in told her that
the stench and the foul gases from the
j crematory smokestack were the causes of
j the sickness of her children. One of the
girls was ill all the time. When the wind
,was blowing from the south the witness
could not go out of the door or leave a
; door or window open because of the
! stench, which she described as suffocat
ing.
"It sticks in the throat," she added,
"and you can't breathe."
Frank Kosmalski, a property-owner re
siding at 4 Medea court, between Eighth
! and Ninth, Harrison and Byrant streets,
corroborated the testimony of Mrs. Wohl
j ken as to the asphyxiating, character of
t.he smoke from the cremators* smoke
stack. He said also that real estate had
depreciated in value very much by rea
son of the nuisance of burning garbage
in the neighborhood. This nuisance was
more apparent when the wind was south
l east than when the wind blew from the
j opposite quarter. He told about a snow
; storm of ashes and bits of charred- pa-
I per about the size of 50-cent pieces.
which appeared to be bits of the Ban
Francisco Examiner. This storm lasted
two days and a half last week and was
accompanied by an odor compared to
; which Limburger cheese was a bouquet of
violets.
Joseph Andres was another property
; owner who complained of the nuisance
! His property was at the corner of Eighth
I and Minna streets, more than half a mile
away, and when the wind was right to
use his own language, "I got all the stuff
i I want." This witness was a picturesque
i character with a rugged How of language
"It's the meatiest smell that ever
I smote," he said. "1 can't describe If
I there's no name for It. It stinks the house
: through from cellar to garret and even
paralyzes the back yard. Wherever It
; happens to strike a person it will knock
him down. It's the biggest smell in the
i city of San Francisco. On one occasion
: I smelled It clear up to my own residence
I corner of Laguna street and Rose aye
! nue." ."'»_'■...
When' the court adjourned for the day
\ there was a bad smell in . the courtroom
I and Judge Heacock wont out on the side
! walk for a whiff of fresh air
.
Lottery Agent Caught.
Ben Miller, a young clerk, was arrested
yesterday, by Sergeant Martin and Pa
trolman Colon for peddling lottery
tickets. He had with him when the no-
Ucemen stopped him a valise full :of
tickets for the Honduras lottery draw-
Ing which will take place next week
, r,u. j. H k.hv.s eh. "j.,^;"* I ',^., 1 .;
Smith's .i - G.itl ropsall. Herbert l>e\ > s
F;;!n7i„ M. Schweltser. Wk. «. Con
tentment. Peter B. Diablo. FariS h Al a L. J.
Fenton'i th. g. El Diablo. Farts Stock Farms
eh. g. Wayboy. S. C. Tyron s br. s. Paedanon.
Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. m '' -'' a '" "'
\Y. Aleck's b. g. Clipper, A. G. Burnett b._rn.
Bchora Wilkes, George A. Davis blk. h Ke>
Direct. X. a. Hottua's b.«- Correct W. H.
Lumsden's b. m. Roblet. 8. F. Martins b. I.
Mlra Monte. _. '..'_._. tinnn—
2:15 class pacing, nomination purse, $1000-
E. P. Heald. San Francis. •. P. H. Qulnn
Scotia; H. \V. Meek, San Lorenzo. F. U. LTa*
fori Willows; A. T. Van de Vanter, Portland,
Or.; P. L. Nash, H.nister; R. Oarnsey. Santa
Ana; G. Wempe. ban Francisco; C. M. "><"£■
Fresno; J. C. Klrkpatrick. San -P»n_;UCOrtW.
S. Maben. University: Pleasanton Stock Farm,
Pleasanton; J. B. Iverson. Salinas; A. as.
Walden, Sacramento; Richelieu stables, San
Francisco. »ir_\
2:12 .lass pacing, nomination purse. J>l'*w—
T. W. Hobson, San Jose; Charles F. Kapp.
San Francisco; W. S. Maben. University; J.
V. Klrkpatrick. San Francisco; R. Oarnsey.
Santa Ana; P. L. Nash. Hollister; F. G. Craw
ford. Willows; H. W. Meek. San Lorenzo; P.
II Qtiinn, Scotia; August Erickson, Portland.
Or.; K. W. Hansen. Rio Vista; John Baker,
Santa Ana. •
Two-year-old trotting. purse, $250— R. H.
Kason'l b. I. Cvderia. Richelieu stables h. f.
Manila, G. V. Balllner's hlk. s. Boodle Boy,
D. E. Knight's b. f. Eula Mac, S. C. Tryon s
... s. Joe Nolan. Oakwood Park Stock Farm
b. f. Litka. Vendome Stock Farm's b. s. \ en
dome. J. B. Iverson's br. f. Dagmar.
Three-year-old trotting (2:30 class), purse $3'»
—P. Erkenbrecher's br, m. Mis- Barnabee. Oak
wood Park Stock Farm's blk. f. Princess Derby,
Oakwood Park Stock Farm's eh. f. Midday.
James Sutherland's air. ». Charles G. Santa
R «s Stock Farm's b. a Fram, D. Knight's «.
f. Lena A, Richelieu Stables' br. g. Puerto
Rico, E. Topham's b t. Blanche F. A. T. \an
de Vanter's b. c. Klnmont. W. H. Lumsdrn s
br. m. Tla Juana, A. G. Gurnett's gr. g. What
Is It.
Two-year-old pacing, purse $250— S. H. Hoy s
br. f. Reta H, C. A. Owen's b c. Dak. D,
1. L., Borden's S. g. N L B. William Murray's
eh. s. Rev del Tlerra. D. E. Knight's D. i*
Waldstetn Jr., Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. f.
Volita, George K. Shaw's b. f. Aunt. Sally. Oak
wood Park Stock Farm's br. f. RUbato, Oak
wood Park Stock Farm's b. g. Rajah. >
' Three-year-old pacing. puree $300— Oakwood
Park Stock Farm's eh. f. Belle Lavln, James
Sutherland's b. m. Hattie C, J. H. Qulnn's br.
h. John A, John Bnkar's b. m. Connie, Santa
Rosa Stock Farm? eh, C Inferno, F. W. Craw
ford's b. f. Melba. .
'A meeting of the District Agricultural
Association was held Thursday afternoon,
at which the majority of districts were
represented. The following dates were
arranged for the grand circuit of Califor
nia: Oakland, July 17 to 22: Valiejo. July
24 to 20; Willows. July 31 to August 5;
Red Bluff. August 7 to 12; Chlco. August
14 to 19; Nevada City, August 21 . to 26;
"Woodland. August 25 to September 2; Sac
ramento. September 4 to lb; Pacific Coast
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association,
September 18 to 23: San Jose, Sep
tember 25 to 30; Salinas, October 2to 7:
Fresno, October 9 to 14: Santa Ana. Octo
ber 16 to 21; Los Angeles. October 23 to
28. Stockton was not represented at the
meeting and no dates were assigned to
that town.
' Among the matters discussed .was the
advisability of employing a starting and
presiding judge. The name of Budd Doble.
the well-known driver, was suggested and
met with approval. His wide knowledge
and experience in racing matters particu
larly qualify him for the position. .
TESTING THE
LAW OF WEIGHTS
AND MEASURES
Attorney General Ford
Files a Brief. ■
4——
AN INTERESTING QUESTION
— — ■
V
FAMOUS -'CINCH" LAW BEFORE
THE COURTS.
— —
Judge Hughes Called Upon to Pass
on the Constitutionality of an
Act of the Legis
lature.
Attorney General Ford filed yesterday j
'in the Superior Court of Sacramento
County an Interesting document in the j
suit brought by J. P. Neely of San Diego
against Secretary of State Charles F.
Curry, entitled "Points and authorities of
defendant in support of his demurrer."
The filing of the document recalls an act
passed by the Legislature of .1891, which
authorized the Boards of Supervisors to •
appoint an. officer in each county to in
' spect weights and measures and to charge i
' merchants for the inspection made, and
which, when brought to the attention of
the business men. by The Call in March.
i 189S, was roundly denounced by them as
being a "cinch" law and by other uncom-
p limentary names.
The statement of facts as set forth in
the defendant's brief show that on April
■24, 1899, J. F. Neely presented to Judge
Joseph W. Hughes of the Superior Court
an" affidavit and petition praying for a
! peremptory writ of mandate commanding
Secretary of State Curry, as ex officio I
State sealer of weights and measures to
examine, certify and seal for the plaintiff j
J. F. Neely, as County Sealer of the coun- |
i ty of San Diego, all balances, weights and
j measures to be used by him as standards
; pursuant to the provision of the statute
! On the Secretary of State's refusal to do '
so Neely tiled the petition and affidavit I
: settingforththefacts mentioned. and Judge '
Hughes cited Mr. Curry to appear before
him ana show cause why the peremptory
writ of mandate should not issue as i
prayed for. j
The Secretary of State filed a demurrer '
to the proceedings, and upon this de- !
murrer the brief was filed. The brief was
prepared by Deputy Attorney General ;
rel?e r Fnn A -.n St ,r l V ant - Among the points
fnl- Th" ln «h*'. demurrer an * the follow
ing, me act is in violation of the Federal
constitution; it does not describe the sub
ject of the act; the plaintiff's petition does
_ ot . & ate i hat he has Produced his
weights and measures before the defend
ant at !, he time he demanded that they
be seal.,!; the petition does not state that
he tendered to the State Sealer's deputy -
the fee of $100. and there are a number of
other technical points. .
The brief takes up each point separately
and discusses them minutely, and quoting
a number of authorities in support ot
them.
, The decision of Judge Hughes will be
looked forward to with deep Interest by
the merchants of this St.it. . Fortunately
for the merchants of this city, there is
not such an official' here. If one. were ap- j
pointed and he were allowed to collect his ;
! fees under the act his salary would equal
that of the President of the United States.
::_•• Mrs. Craven's Fight. I
The application of Mrs. Kettle R. Cra
ven for a family allowance* from the es
tate of her alleged deceased husband,
James G. Fair, was called by Judge
Troutt yesterday, but owing to the fact i
that several interested attorneys were | i
anxious that the case be put over It was :
continued until Thursday at ! p. m. It Is
announced by Mrs. Craven's attorneys I
that they will be 'ready to go to trial on j
that day. • .' V-v 
■■. ■ • ■
In the Divorce Court.
Mrs. Mary 11. McManUS was granted a
i divorce yesterday by Judge Hebbard from
i her husband, Eugene B. McManus,_an e,x
traman ' of the Fire Department, 'on the
grounds of extreme cruelty, willful neg
lect and Intemperance. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Sylena A. Duncan
against Thomas J. Duncan, alleging fall
tire to provide; Lizzie Loughran against
Thomas Loughran, alleging cruelty;
Sarah " Bruner against Rudolph B. Bru
..er alleging desertion, and Emeline A.
Lennefelt against William Lennefelt, al
leging cruelty.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
L. W. Fulkf an attorney of Modesto,
is staving at the Lick.
Edgar T. Wallace, a mining expert of
Yreka, is at the Palace.
r C Lydecker, a railroad traffic mana
ger' of' Honolulu, is at the Occidental.
Rev E J Hensley of London and Wil
liam G. Park of Auckland are guests at
the Lick.
Sinclair Thomson, manager of the Na
tional Bank of New Zealand at Dunedin,
is at the Occidental.
W Ci. Ncvin, general manager of the
Santa Fe Pacific, is registered at the Pal
ace from Los Angeles.
Edwin B. Hay of Washington, D. C,
past grand exalted ruler of the Elks is
at the Palace. He will study the condi
tions of tho organization 'on this coast.
F W. Warren, a merchant of Sydney, -■
at the Occidental. Ernest Warren, who
manages the branch house in Melbourne,
accompanies him. They are on their way
East on a pleasure and business trip com
bined.
George A. Reed of Framingham, Mass.,
is registered at the Grand with his wife
and daughter. Mr. Reed has been asso
ciated with the Boston and Albany Rail
road for thirty-three years, and was con
ductor on one train for twenty-eight
years.
Colonel James W. Powell of the Seven
teenth United States Infantry, arrived at
the Palace last evening* from Washington,
D. C. Colonel Powell was recently trans
ferred from the Fifteenth Infantry. He
left Cuba last January and has been sick
over since, but is now convalescent and
has been ordered to join his command at
the Philippines.
Dr. W. B. Clarke of Indianapolis, sur
geon major of the Red Cross Society and
editor , of the Medical Debates of New-
York, the organ of the American Health
Resorts Association, is at the Palace Ho
tel. He has been through Oregon and
Washington studying the advantages of
climate in various diseases, and will do
the same in this State.
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May s.'— M. Greenway of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman; M.
Roberts of San Francisco is at the Savoy;
Mrs. Samuel W. Cowles of San Francisco
is at the Manhattan.
AN3WERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TIER'S END TO LAND-F. H.. City.
The distance from the end of the Oakland
pier (broad gauge) to the natural land Is
' four and one-half miles.
"UNCLE JACK"— A. O. M.. Providence,
Ky. The postoffice of Jackson Farley,
: also known . as "Uncle Jack," Is Layton
ville, Mendocino County. California.
DEER'S ANTLERS— A. O. S.. City.
, The antlers of deer are knocked off or fall
off at a point below the burr near the
skull every year generally, but antlers
! are not shed every year by deer in the
warmer parts of Asia.
MILLER THE CYCLER— E. W., Napa,
: Cal. Miller, who took part in the recent
six-day bicycle race in San Francisco, did
; not partake of what is commonly called
animal food during the time he was in
the race. His food was beef tea and far
inaceous food, but what particular kind
It was he did not disclose.
THE RICHEST WOMAN— M.. City.
j Neither Mrs. E. P. Stevens of Hoboken
j nor Mrs. Green of New York has given
| the exact figures of her wealth, there
fore it is impossible to state which has
a few hundred dollars more than the
! other, but it is generally conceded that
! Mrs. Green is the richer of the two.
ADDRESSES OF AUTHORS— F. C. E.
1 and others, City. If you desire to com
municate by letter with any of the fol-
I lowing named authors address your com
: munication to their respective publishers:
Carmen Sylva, Conan Doyle, * Anthony
Hope, Marion Crawford, Mark Twain,
! Frank R. Stockton. Max Muller, Will
Carleton, Mrs. Julia Ward Howe.
Eugene Field died September 2, 1893.
THE SHAMROCK— Nimrod. City. The
shamrock, which in Irish is seamrof (tre
foil) is what the botanists call the three
leaved white clover, or wild trefoil, and it
is the national emblem of Ireland. There
are some who incline to the belief that it
is the wood sorrel (oxalis acetosellai, as
it comes Into flower about St. Patrick's
day. It is probable that the name has
general reference to plants with trifoliate
l leaves and that a more exact determina-
I tion of the species may be as difficult as in
regard to the emblematic thistle of Scot
land. to the emblematic thistle of Scot
land.
—■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit s©c per lb at Townsend's.*
.■♦ ■ ; '
Moved to 73 Fourth st. Best eyeglasses.
; 15c to 40c. Look out for No. 73. Hours 9 to 4
1 p. *m. •
s*_w * ♦ *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnqne Main 1042. *
—• ♦ ■
A rural Justice, on being asked by an
attorney if a certain decision of his was
"accordin' to the code," replied:
. "I dunno whether it is or not; an'
what's more. I don't keer. I ain't had
; no code roun' here since Tuesday wuz a
month ago, when I hit a lawyer on the
head with it an' split it all to pieces!"—
Atlanta Constitution.
■ ♦ ■
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave - San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
: Manager and porter accompany these excur
| sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
j car accommodations and further Information.
; address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
! Rock Island Railway, 621 Market st., S. F.
. __ ■ ■» »
j Ask for Allen's Foot-Ease,
A powder to shake into your shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
I and Bunions, Swollen. Callous and Sweating
j feet. Sold by all druggists and shoe stores, 25c.
: Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen S.
i Olmsted, Be Roy, N. Y.
— _ ' ** '
A tioorovs growth and the original color given _.
I to the hair by Parker's Hair Balsam.l
Hisdi_kciik.ns. ibe best cure for con** is *"■.
— . . <- .
Angostura Bitters fa known as the great reg
ulator of the digestive organs. Get the genu
j inc. Made by Dr. .1. G. B. S.ep-rt & Sons.
■m • *
Her Guess.
Mr Mij-rgleson— l never begin anything
on Friday, because I really believe it's un
lU Miss Sharpleigh— And I suppose you are
always too fired to begin anything on any
of the other days.— Cleveland Leader.
-" " "■ ' """■ |
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
j Safeguards the food
against alum*
»
—
Alum baking powders are the greatest
raenacers to health of the present day.
mm mmm "2__i_!il_i_L_2__s_J_i_J___J_i_l_L______«SALVATION AND
GOD'S ARMIES
ARE AT OUTS
Religious War Raging
in Chinatown.
LIBELOUS PLACARDS POSTED
— . —
SOD'S REGULARS MAKE AN AP
PEAL TO THE LAW.
♦
J»on Chong. Door Sergeant of the Sal
vation Army, Is Arrested on a
Charge of Malicious
Mischief.
. There is a religious war on in China
town that has made «he highbinders wrap
themselves in a cloak of seeming virtue
and point the linger of outraged .decency
at th*.* Christianised Chinese.
Pong Chong, door sergeant of the Salva
tion Army, was arrested yesterday on
nearly a year ago. .
It has been a right for supremacy be
4wepn the two factions that labor In the
cause -.f the Lord and, according to the
Salvationists, the "regulars" have traded
.upon their name to win shekels and gain
recruits. In August last gleberg, who
figured so notoriously in the Dugan case
and brought God's Army into disrepute,
was out with th" regulars' book appealing
to the charitably inclined Chinese, when
Pon Chong. disguised in citizen's clothes,
asked for the hook. lngl< berg, thinking
h>> had run up against a Chinese admirer,
handed over the coveted prize, which Pon
immediate!*.* confiscated upon the ground
that th" notice read that the contribu
tions were for the Salvation Army. Not
cnlv did the books of the regulars appeal
to the Mongolians in the name of the
Salvationists, hut the signs over the reg
ulars' headquarters at 20 Waverly place
had the Chinese characters which the
Salvationists claim as the signs of their
order. These characters the Salvation
Army have compelled the memo* of
God's Regular Army to blot lit, and
upon these facts Lee Shue bases his com
plaints against Pon Chong.
A side issue in the war which will prob
ably be made much of in the case .if the
fighting armies is the fact that the reg
ulars had posted over Chinatown pome
2>'«X> placards announcing that the Salva
tion Army was offering a prize of $300 for
Lee Shue's head. In retaliation the Sal
vation Army distributed pink hills
Throughout the Chinese quarter denying
the charges and explaining how the reg
ulars were trading upon the Salvation
Army's credentials. Captain Graham and
Lieutenant Banks are the two lassies In
charge of the Chinese corps, with head
quarters on Sacramento street.
Pon Chong. whose arrest is really but a
pretext to bring the matter of the fight
ing armies to the attention of the law.
Is an Intelligent Chinaman, who has been
connected with the Salvation Army for
the past three years. Pon is not afraid 10
meet the charge lodged against him.
"I love the Lord," said Pon. "and he
will be with me. The people of God's
Regular Army have been a hindrance to
our cause. I am sorry for them."
Pon's case will me up this morning
before acting Police Judge Groezlnger.
Lee Shue and God's Regular Army will be
re presented by Attorneys 1-ringk- & Prin-
Klt- ■
Town Talk.
This week's Issue of Town Talk has an
especially interesting contents. The
Town Talk editorials re gaining a repu
tation for the clever and concise manner
In which they deal with questions of the
day, the editor believing that what the
public wants is not long discussions about
what the. President ought or ought not to
cb>. but, instead! the- people prefer to read
urtleW of local and State Interest. Wil
lard Batchelder has a discussion about
charity music pupils, and Alfred Metzger
talks about musical prodigies. The
usual Saunterer paragraphs about what
is going on in society, at the clubs, in
politics; the dramatic and musical worlds,
stories, poems, legal and sporting news,
make; up a readable number. *
A Dog-Fighter Convicted.
John Baxter, one of the sixteen men
arrested February 20 In the basement of
a saloon at Church and Sixteenth streets
for preparing to engage in a dog light,
was convicted by acting Police Judge
Groezlnger yesterday and ordered to ap
pear for sentence Monday, when the
other cases will he set for trial. "Chaw"
Casey, arrested on the same charge, had
his case dismissed by a Jury some time
ago.
Free with to-day's News Letter, first
of the series of beautiful Photo-Chro
matic full page pictures. Be sure and
get it.
Acquitted of Manslaughter.
T. 1.. Thompson, an engineer on the
Pelt railroad, charged with manslaughter
in running over and killing Canepa To
masso, an Italian fisherman, was acquit
ted by Judge i Iraham yesterday, as it
was shown to have been an accident. Ex
c.overnor Budd appeared for the defend'
ant. Budd said It was his first appear
ance as an attorney In •■< police court.
Charged With Embezzlement.
William Flugei, an ex-drummer for Hu
bert riros.. wine merchants, was arrested
yesterday by Detective Ed Gibson on a
warrant harging him with misdemeanor
embezzlement. He 1? accused of embez
zling V.". WKSB
QUAKER BATHS, advertised in this
paper, sold by Ferry Drug Co., 8 Mar
ket street; $2 50 to $5. *
HEROLD MOST
DEFEND HIS
COMMISSION
Harbor Board Case Is
Taken to Court.
--- —
CHADBOURNE FILES SUIT
— ♦ —
CLAIMS HE WAS LEGALLY AP
POINTED BY GAGE.
*
Says His Office Is Held by His Oppo
nent Solely by Virtue of an
Illegal Usurpa
tion.
The People of the State of California,
by Tirey L. Ford, Attorney General, on
the relation of F. S. Chadbourne, tiled
suit in • the Superior Court yesterday
against Rudolph Herold "to determine j
the title to the office of State Harbor
Commissioner." now held by Herold.
The Warring Christian Armies.
The complaint sets forth the oft told |
story of how. on March 13, 1894, Governor*!
H. H. Markham Issued to the relator, F.
S. Chadbourne, a commission as a mem- |
ber of the Board of State Harbor Com- j
missioners to succeed W. H. Brown, and j
the fact that Chadbourne Immediately J
( took his seat; how Governor Budd, on
March 15, 1897, appointed Herold to sue- [
ceed Chadbourne at the expiration of ;
' the . latter's term In March of 1898, and l
how Chadbourne stepped out and Herold
in. The complaint, however, sets forth
that Herold did not properly qualify and
the Senate In Its regular session this year |
! did not act, as required by law, upon the
name of Herold as a 'member of the
board. Then, on April 17, 1890, Governor
'■ Gage issued Chadbourne a commission for
the place occupied by Her old, but It was
repudiated by the board.
Chadbourne therefore asks that the
court determine that he Is entitled to the
office and that Herold is an Intruder,
I holding the office solely by virtue of an
; Illegal usurpation.
SAILORS AS MINSTRELS.
U. S. S. Igwa Boys' Entertainment at
the Chutes.
The "all star combination" of the
United States battleship lowa will give
a grand performance at the Chutes Free
Theater Saturday evening, May 6, the
proceeds going, to the wardrobe depart
ment of the aggregation. Following is
the programme:
PART I.
A. E. Moore, Interlocutor; J. G. Ehrman, ,1.
H. Delahlde, bones; W. J. Shine. E. M. Altken,
tambourine-..
Opening chorus lowa Minstrels
Sentimental sin*;, "That Old Sweet Love of
Mine" J. T. _*l_evlin
Comic song, "Take Your Clothes and G0...
.'■ • J. O. Ehrman.
Ballad. "Just as the Sun Went Down"
E. J. Lyons
Comic song, "Get Your Moneys Worth"..
'.XV. J. .Shine
Solo, "O, Promise Me." H. Murphy
Conic song. "I Don't Like No Cheap Man"..
•' E. M. Auken
Comic song. "I Don't Love Nobody". .J. Smith
Concluding with the brilliant tableau, "Co
lumbia and Cuba."
PABT .1.
The Irish Sony and Dance Artist.
Joe Lee.
A Pew Appropriate Moving Pictures by the
Anlmatoseope.
The lowa Quartet.
.1 F. Dunn, J. F. Rhevlin. E. M. Altken.
W. F. V.*ood.
The Gifted Hibernian Orator,
W. H. KcOatre.
Will Discuss Leading Issues of the Day
Hilly th" Mascot.
Commonly Called 15111 Huckstrum. The Kire
eating Goat Hero of Two Battles.
First Appearance on Any stage.
The Emperors >•' Teutonic Mirth,
I'.liriiian and Del-hide,
Serio-Comlc Musical Sketch,
"The Lights and Shadows of Greater New
York."
Th" Light of Broadway..... J. T. Shevlin
The Shadow of the Bowery.. *..E. M. Altken
Concluding "'I" a grand chorus by the en
ttr»- company. VRBj
Mrs. Mann's Claim.
Mrs A. 1.. Mann, a .teacher, has
applied to the Superior Court for an al
ternate writ of mandate to compel Audi
tor Wells to audit her salary demand for
$225. Mrs. Mann's demand was not al
lowed by President Harrington, and Su
perintendent Webster also disapproved It
Finally the matter was referred to the
City and County Attorney and he de
cided that the demand was a just one
The board thereupon approved the claim
but now Auditor wells refuses to pass it'
Hence the suit.
Lost His Goatee.
In "On and Off," -which has made the
comedy success of the year. In New York
and will be seen . here 'at the Columbia
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899,
next week, one of the Important features
In the make-up of Ralph Delmore. who
plays the part of the fiery Frenchman,
Paty dv Clam, is a goatee of remarkable
proportions. ; During one scene he noticed
that nothing he did received Its usual
award of laughter, and It was not until
the three men who play the final scene
with him had to hand him their visiting
cards that he discovered the cause. All
three wrote "Where Is your goatee?"
Fortunately for him he had nothing more
to do than get off the stage as best he
could. Once he knew his goatee was not
there he was helpless.
GAVE Hliyi A WATCH.
First Sergeant Matthews Receives a
Parting Gift From His Men.
First Sergeant Ralph AW Matthews,
Troop M, Fourth United States Cavalry,
was presented with a very . handsome
gold watch on Thursday afternoon by the
men of the troop. The present was a
great surprise to Sergeant Matthews, who
had no intimation that he was to be
made the recipient of such a gift. The
presentation was made by Captain Lock
wood, who commands the troop. In a
short speech he told Sergeant Matthews
that the watch was a gift from the men,
who desired to show their appreciation
of his soldierly qualities, and that they
had chosen this way of doing it. The ser
geant responded with a few words of
thanks. Sergeant Matthews' second term
of enlistment ended yesterday and he was
honorably discharged from the service.
He does not intend to re-enlist, but will
remain In San Francisco. He had made
for himself an excellent reputation as an
obedient and capable soldier. ' The pre
sentation was made at the evening roll
call of the troop.
WILL CLOSE TO-NIGHT
IN A BLAZE OF GLORY
C. L. A. S. BAZAAR SCORES A BIG
SUCCESS.
Crowds Throng Native Sons' Hall to
Aid a Worthy Cause Exciting
Race for Popular Votes.
There seems to be no diminution in the
crowds that attend the bazaar of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. Native
Sons' Hall was comfortably filled last
night with the friends of the charitable
organization and money was liberally
spent to swell th* fund being raised by
the society to carry on its good work.
Every booth was occupied by its repre
sentatives and every representative did
her utmost to have the visitor buy or par
take of the wares. Pretty girl's moved
through the crowd .with tickets for raffle
or entertainment, and it was hard to re
fuse their appeals.
The contest for the handsome clock
grows more exciting as the bazaar draws
nearer to a close. The friends of the
leading candidates have taken a decided
interest in their choice and are enlisting
the services and purses of their friends
with a view to having their favorite win.
chief D. T. Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment has a lead of 403 votes, but It Is
thought this will be narrowed down to
night, as many are saving their votes for
a final effort. Sergeant Michael Joseph
Conboj is a close second, with 338 votes,
and it Is likely to Improve at the last mo
ment. Sergeant P. Shea has 178 to his i
credit, and Assistant Chief Shaughnessy
comes next with 153. Sergeant Johnny B.
Martin has *4. > votes, and his friends are
digging around for more. Assistant Chief
P. H. Dolan has 98, but will surely round
the century mark to-night.
The Cathedral Booth, No, 8, is doing a
booming business. Miss Emma J. Feasel,
the gypsy fortune teller. Is a prominent
feature of the booth, and when not de
ciphering lines on the palm or thumbing
a pack of cards she is winning shekel?
around the floor by disposing of tickets
for the raffle of the "Filipino kid."
Th- dancing school which is attached
to the St. Charles Booth No. 2 is coining
money for the society. Kelleher and
O'Connell, who are exhibiting their clev
erness as clog and Irish jig dancers, are
becoming general favorites and the booth
is nightly crowded with Interested spec
tators.
Miss Burke sang the "Holy City" last
evening, and responded to a demand for
an encore.
To-night the fan* will close and there is
every promise of a big attendance. The
beautiful bric-a-brac, the useful articles
and the hundred and one pretty things on
exhibition will be auctioned. No musical
programme will be given, as there will
be little time for an entertainment. The
keepers of the booths ,re getting ready
for the rush. All are tuning their voices,
trimming up their prettiest exhibits and
preparing generally, as they desire to see
the chanty bazaar close In a blaze if
glory. There Is every indication of It do
ing so, as those who have been there
nightly since its opening* have lost none
of their enthusiasm. It Is expected the
raffles will be drawn and the articles of
fered will be disposed of. So the Invita
tion is out, come early, avoid the crush
and choose what you want and aid a
worthy cause.
Imported Game Birds.
The beautiful English ring-necked
pheasant that has attracted so much ad
miration in the East is soon to become an
inhabitant of this State. Thursday the
State Fish and Game Commln*s'o i re
ceived from New Jersey three crate;; con
taining sixty of these game birds, which
will be liberated in Mendocino and Fres
no counties. This Importation wa.i under
an agreement made with the sportsro.
associations of these counties, who are to
stand half of the expense and attend to
the protection of the birds. As th? pheas
ants are all In good condition It Is be
lieved that they will thrive and soon be
come one of the best game bird-* of the
State. They are under the projection of
the law, which prohibits their being
killed, under a heavy penalty.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' • '
MANY a dutiful daughter pays in pain for her mother's
ignorance or perhaps neglect.
The mother suffered and she thinks her daughter
must suffer also. This is true only to a limited extent. No
excessive pain is healthy. Every mother should inform her-
; ! — . : _ self for her own sake and especially
mmmmm mag _f% _7_l_"_ m or tne sa^ e °^ * ier daughter. Write
€/£.€» stfW # to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass.,
a-g-f-*y£f--i*_as -* 01 * ncr advice about all matters
bWb%3 m mM-mwßuiUw' concerning the ills of the feminine
1 organs.
Many a young girl's beauty is wasted by unnecessary pain at
• time of menstruation, and many indulgent mothers with
mistaken kindness permit their daughters to grow careless
about physical health.
Miss Carrie M. Lamb, Big Beaver, Mich., -writes: "Dear
Mrs. Pinkham — A year ago ' I suffered from profuse and
irregular menstruation BB^3B_WEBSBS^______\\\ i HIM i
and leucorrhcea. My Mf^^^^^'^^^^^p^p^^^^
appetite was variable, ''&tfr / . »-^%^^i*ifiM^i
stomach sour and bowels W^ -^ \jf&_~ |«&v/*|jK|
were not regular, and 9p s \^^s*>-^'
was subject to pains like &-*■--* *^*z?~~**~^^T^^s_-%lF\& A
colic during menstruation. jH'fc,;
I wrote you and began to Bf *^ -^ i^lr i-* I'■"1 '■" _u_
take Lydia E. Pinkham 's if . r *^_«T^T^4fs W_l
Vegetable Compound and n
used two packages of i^mM W^'^p nJ>
Sanative Wash. You can't a^gfeggs-^ y^\ TM*r&f^/ m +\
imagine my relief. My \' '--_^^^^kf \ — "2__f>
courses are natural and Spy j_f_y*-*v -J vxZV^-2!
general healthimproved." \f ■^_fflrf%^s* y^i/x >Lt>-
Mrs. Nannie Adkins, f^^yl / -\ T^-^\n?^ v^> /
La Due, Mo., \vrites: A y I \\\ VxV^C rHi&<A
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham — A , /[ J r \ J \SC'i^^^^f' f _\A
I feel it my duty to tell VJ / /'Vjl xfrf^^wwilf
you of the good your/\^r f . / J \ *&ff/lffnlllf
Vegetable Compound has \ // J \ i ill I lit
done my daughter. She kJ>< gL/Hr* .'' " m m __/7 111 /I A
suffered untold agony at BfttL *v-jJp^L ' l)j^^ I 11 1 *_\
time of menstruation be- / . II / J*%
fore taking your medicine ; • ***"«^Sf If} '/ y
but the Compound has /
relieved the pain, given her a better color, and she feels
stronger, and has improved every way. lam very grateful to
I you for the benefit she has received. It is a great medicine •
I for young girls." -.-.... -
WHAT MAKES
A PERCENTAGE
POKED GAME?
Question Submitted
to a Jury.
— ♦ —
DECIDE IT IN TEN MINUTES
TAKING "RAKE OFF FOR CIGARS
OR DRINKS NOT INCLUDED.
*
The Case of C. W. Redman of the
Palace Saloon, Market Street,
Tried and Defendant
Acquitted.
A jury has decided that the police were
wrong in arresting Charles W. Redman,
proprietor of the Palace saloon, 867 Mar
ket street, for conducting a percentage
game of poker in his saloon on the night
of April 24, when the police raided the re
sorts on Market street.
Redman's was the first case of the lot
to be tried. Judge Graham having lost no
; time in arranging for disposing of it. It
was called Thursday afternoon, but when
the court adjourned only two jurors had
been accepted, yesterday afternoon it
• did not take long to select the other
I ten. The names of the twelve jurors are:
John Utschlg, Charles Frederick, 1..
Gassne*f, S. Schein, J. W. Riley, C. Forbes
J. Swan, Frank ii. La Falle, A. Hirsch
man, A. H. I. rod. Richard Finking and
J. L. Hoffman.
The first witness called was Policeman
i Jerome 11. Tyrrell, who testified to seeing
six men playing poker* in Redman's sa-
I loon and seeing a watcher take ■_. chip
from the center of the table after each
hand and put It In his pocket and then
take it to the manager. He said he was
familiar with a percentage game and the
game he saw was one. He identified a
card taken from the wall which read:
; "Checks, 50 cents a stack." another card
containing the rules of the game, and
chips taken from the players, among
; whom was Henry Hoffman, the man who
was sentenced to six months last Tues
day for begging.
in cross-examination Tyrrell admitted
that before he joined the police force he
had played poker with friends and since
joining the force only on one or two oc
casions. Attorney Aoh, for the defend
\ ant, wanted to bring out how much he
knew about a percentage game. The ex
amination of the witness was noteworthy
. from the. fact that Ach objected to every
Question put to him by Prosecuting At
torney Wentworth except the questions
as to his name and occupation, Ach was
I willing to admit thai the evidence of Po
licemen Meyers, Eastman and J. L. Mur
phy would lie the same, and so the pros
• ecution rested.
The defendant, Redman, took the stand
j and admitted that poker games were
played in his saloon. There was a "rake
off" not exceeding two chips, representing
5 cents, from each game, which was util
ized in providing the players with drinks.
: cigars or sandwiches. 1.. M. Ettinger, a
stock and grain broker, corroborated Red
man as to the fact that drinks or cigars
were furnished the players while playing
poker in the saloon.
Attorney Ach in his argument referred
to the fact that poker was not a bank
ing game, as decided by the Supreme
Court, and lie argued that nothing had
been shown that a percentage game had
been played at the Palace saloon.
The jury was out about ten minutes
and returned a verdict of acquittal. Ach
then moved to dismiss the case, of the
other defendants, and the Judge said ho
would reserve ids decision until this
morning. _______________________
NO SETTLEMENT YET.
Schoolteachers and Merchants Still in
Doubt as to Their Unpaid
Demands.
Another, effort was made yesterday to
settle the differences of the schoolteach
ers and the merchants as to who shall
have the $35,000 available for the payment
of the November and December claims
of both parties. The merchants and
teachers have agreed that the latter shall
withdraw their claims in order that the
money may ho applied to the claims of
the merchants, which amount to more
: than $80,000.
Yesterday the merchants held a con
ference with Auditor Wells and proposed
that they withdraw all of their demands
and then present a sufficient number to
cover the amount of money available.
This proposition was not acceded to. the
Auditor taking the stand that lie would
not make any disposition of tin- funds
; until some order of court had been made
• authoriizng him to pay out the money
and at the same time giving him power
: to adjust the unpaid demands of the
teachers. It is held by the legal advisers
of all parties that another suit will have
to be instituted fore such an order can
i be made.
l^Ttlß _Wu-__W_w__\w_W _,*£' '-;';■■" ' ffrffflt—^ElKlll infr_l**l-M_jK*wi^\^Mra Vx/**> fj3 5" , C.- .
Ly3_^_ffi_w^.iKg_ J__^sstf _t^c _
•"THE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured
-*• by the California Fig Syrup- Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
of plants known -to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the taste
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
COLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and. bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the taste, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please remember the full name of the Company printed on the front of ever}- package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
pay for cheap and worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
.he best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
purchasers: The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
and sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was organized more than
fifteen years ago, for the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would be
more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than any other known. The great value of the
remedy, as a medicinal agent and of the Company's efforts, is attested by the sale of millions of bottles
annually, and by the high approval of most eminent physicians. As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup of Figs is manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
will assist in avoiding the worthless imitations manufactured by other parties. '
M iVk li R B"^ _/*^^ft_ \\\-_-m*m*mW I f-J /¥» 1 . ■ Q B »». / VL^_^-* _\ / - _W _3 _ -
(ALIR-RNIA JTC SYRVP Q
.^/svmbe,^; c^ fR c^ c/s c q Yo mP
For 6dle by All Dru^iste , Price 50 $ Per Bottle.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2. *
TO-NIGHT. AT S SHARP, -
THE REGAL SUCCESS.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
'.'The Dear Little Singing Girl."
NEXT— "ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
PRICES - - 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR SEATS BY PHONE
ALLA.6AK Main 254.
MATINEE TO DAY AT 2..
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY),
• EAST TIMES OF'
CAPTAIN SWIFT
Next Monday, May 8, First Production of Clay
M. Greene's Farcical Comedy, Entitled,
"HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realistic representation of the
greatest sea battle ever fought. ; ,
The spectator stands near Dewey on the
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
Gettysburg In scope and present Interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
Admission." coc: Children, 25c.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, MAY Bth and 7th.
EXTRA AND OPEN STAKE.
128 NOMINATIONS.
$1010 — PBIZ-TJONEY — $1010
TRAIN SERVICE: .
leaves Third' and Townsend sts. Saturday,
10:40 a. m. and 12:56 d. m.: Sunday, 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and Valencia
Bts. five minutes later. Returning from Park
Immediately after last course. Extra train
from Park on Sunday. 4:40 p. m. San Mateo
electric care every ten minutes. .
I .'"-■ Admission, 25 cents. Ladles Free.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
Direct from Europe, the Famous and Beau-
tiful
HAWTHORNE SISTERS,
In the Charming Japanese Romance. "THE
WILLOW PATTERN PLATE."
VALDARES. Trick Bicyclists.
4' KELSON SISTERS. Acrobats.
DILLON BROS.. G. W. DAY. THE ANDER-
SONS. JACKLEY WONDERS.
Last Week of LILLIAN BURKHART AND
COMPANY,
In "MY AUNT'S ADVICE." .
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
! ALL- THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
— -IN
ELCAPITAN!
NOTE— Branch Ticket Office at the Pacific
Graphophone Co., 721 Market street, opposite
Call building, where choicest seats may be se-
cured.
Reserved Seats 25c and 50c
Gallery 15c.
Next Week— "LITTLE TYCOON."
/\
PLAY / \ BALL
/•■'AT \ .
/ \
/ RECREATION PARK, \
/ Eighth and Harrison Sts. N.
\ SAN FRANCISCO /
Ey
\ SAN JOSE. /
\ SAN JOSE. /
TO-DAY \ . / SUNDAY
N3P. M. \\/ 2:30 P. M.
_3 Ml, \y 2:30 P. M.
GLEN PARK.
SPECIAL TOMORROW, Sunday.
VAUDEVILLE SnOW,
i BLACK FACE COMEDY,
MUSICAL SELECTIONS, f
PIGEON RACE.
FLYING TRAPEZE,
I JUUGLING,
1 PKEMIERc DANSEUSE
And CONCERT.
ADMISSION lOc
: Take San Mateo electric cars direct to Park
entrance.
Glen Park open week days from 10 a. _..
 Admission, 6c.
| AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAY.
ROLAND REED,
Accompanied by IS ADORE RUSH,
In the Amusing Comedy, THE
Woman-Hater.
Extra — Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Charles Frohman's Comedian* in
"ON AND OFF."
Original Cast ami Production.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
THIRD ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 3, 4, 5, 6, 1899.
Nearly $500} in Cash and Trophies.
PRIZE-WINNING DOGS FROM ALL OVER
THE UNITED STATES.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. Daily.
ADMISSION— 25c; Evenings, 50c
Children. Half Price.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL C-ÜB. *
■ ■■•:"■• H. H. CARLTON. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND BEdOHTS.
CHUTES ZOO.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT 1
GRAND BENEFIT, by and for
THE lOWA MINSTRELS I
First Appearance on Any Sta_:e of
BILL BUCKSTRUM, the Goat.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
Reserve Seat* by Phone, Stelner ISSL
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, ■ Bowling. Boating. Pishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; -Children. C . including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiburon ferry at 10:30 a. m. 12:10
i and 1 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS- —
Open Dally From 7 a. m to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. '
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c.
l_J__l-l-----Ilifi.hß-I^VHLI
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lined,
Grain market dull.
* Hay still weak and quiet.
Some changes In Beans.
Wool In fair demand.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry dull.
Eastern buyers after Peaches.
Cherries continue scarce.
Citrus fruits quiet.
Nothing new in dried fruits.
Hams continue firm.
Hides and Tallow unchanged.
Another advance in Hogs.
LUMBER MOVEMENT.
The Lumber Record Bureau reports the fol
lowing movement of Lumber In April;
To To
Bay of San Southern
• Francisco. California. Total.
From Humboldt and
Del Norte Coun
ties 8.55L897 2,919.156 5,501.0j3
.from Mendo ci n o ■__
County 8,442,408 1.275,671 '.'.715.079
Total, feet 14,324,305 4,194,827 15.519.132
The movement to all other ports from the
above shipping points was 2,231.597 feet.
The movement for the first four months of
the year was. 65.912,570 feet, against 56.734.000
during the same time In 1898. Of this quantity
44.400 00 feet went to San Francisco Bay. 12.
--612.iXK( to Southern California and 8,898,000 to
other points.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO", May 5, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season Season,
Eureka 0.01 82.84 31.33
Red Bluff 0.01 20. 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14. 6 87
San Francisco O.Ofl 16.00 7.75
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.10
San Luis Obispo o.Oo' 16.40 6.16
I. -s Angeles 0.00 4.91 5.60
San Diego 0.00 4.89 4.62
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
, San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
TiS; minimum, 46; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rather rapidly along
the Washington coast, and If, as now indi
cated,, an area of high .sure is about to
come in, much warmer weather will result,
probably by Sunday, along the northern coast.
There Is no well-marked storm area within the
limits of observation, and there has been but
little pressure change over the greater portion
of the country during the past twenty-four
hours. The temperature has risen about
twelve degrees over Utah and fallen about
eight degrees over the Northern Pacific States,
In the great valleys of California the tem
peratures are nearly normal, while along the
coast they remain below the normal. Very
light showers are reported in the extreme
northern part of this State. A maximum wind
velocity of twenty-six miles per hour from
the northwest is reported at Eureka.
Forecast made it Sao Francisco fur thirty
hours ending midnight, May 6:
Northern California— Fair Saturday: prob
ably warmer Saturday night and Sunday;
northwest winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday; probable showers;
cooler
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
probably wanner Saturday night and Sunday;
northwest winds, changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May .'..—The stock market was
of a highly professional order to-day. and al
though support appeared from time to time
in particular stocks, the tone was weak prac
tically throushout the day. Tic Grangers,
Coalers and a number of the specialties, parti
cularly Brooklyn Transit, People's Gas, Sugar.
American Steel and Wire, Continental To
bacco and Anaconda, were weak. The fever-
Ishness of prices, accompanied by bear pressure
induced considerable liquidation. London was
a purchaser to a moderate amount, but not
enough to sustain the international stocks.
AMiile the bank statement can never be fore
casted with any accuracy, it Is known that the
banks on out-of-town express movement and
sub-treasury operations sustained a loss in cash
of about 8600.000. This, together with the un
derstanding that to-morrow's statement would
not reflect the $5,000,000 debit on account of the
Spanlsn indemnity payment, led traders to as
sume that the wing will not be altogether
favorable, because of the financing of indus
trials and the subscriptions to the Amalga
mated Copper Company. The understanding,
however, that the sub-treasury will cash $1 -.
-000.060 Indemnity warrants next week was re
garded as likely to make a large addition to the
loanable funds, which will be reflected in sub
sequent bank statements. Domestic news was
scarce, but the possibility of complications over
Transvaal afairs received some notice There
was some liquidation of marginal holdings by
speculators discouraged at the seeming lack
of inside sunport In certain properties and the
confident -.perations of the bears. The market
closed '■vsk at about the lowest.
A fairly good tone was maintained through
out the day in bends, which moved in sym
pathy with stock trading, although a "few
prominent issues were under pressure. Total
sales. $2, 665.000.
United States threes, the new fours couoon.
old fours registered am! the fives registered
advanced Vs in the bid price.
The totai sales of stocks to-day amounted to
480,028 shares, including: American Steel and
Wire 25,900, American Sugar .8.400. Anaconda
6300, Atchison preferred 51,900; Brooklyn Rapid
Transit 28,000. C. B. and Q. rights. 4"' 2'" Chi
cago C Traction 6600, C. R. and Q. -900 Chicago
C-reat Western 5700, Cons Ida ted Has 5200. Con
tinental Tobacco 7500, Continental Tobacco pre
ferred 31.100. Federal Steel 11,600. Federal s' -'I
preferred 3200. L. and N. 4300. Manhattan Con
solidated Missouri Pacific 6100, National
Steel 32,200, New Jersey Central 3200, New York
Central 41.00fi, Northern Pacific 8000, Ontario
and Western 3100, Pennsylvania 3800, People's
Gas 9500, Reading 4000, Reading first preferred
20,500, Reading second preferred 9400, Rock
Island 6000, St. Paul 16,700, Tennessee Coal
and Iron 3000, Union Pacific 4700. Union Paci
fic preferred 4100. silver certificates 10.000.
CLOSING STOCKS
Atchison 18% St L & S W .. 14
Do prefd 57% Do prefd .... 33U
Baltimore A Ohio 72 St Paul 125%
Canada Pacific... 07% Do prefd 169%
Canada Southern.. 55% St P & Om ''4t ,
Cent Pac ...' 49% Do ] :■'•' 1 170 "
Clies i- Ohio 26% So Pacific ... 311:
Chi & Alton 165 So Railway __
Chi B & Q 135 I Do prefd 51.2
Chi & E 111 7s 'Texas & Pacific .. 22
Do prefd 124 Union Pacific -44 ' i.
Chi '*, W 144 I Do i refd .... 77a;
Chi Ind & L 9% 'Wabash 7%
Do prefd 41 I Do prefd >... 21%
Chi & N W 154% Wheel & 1, E 12%
Do prefd 192 . Do prefd 38
C C C & St L 57% I Express Companies-
Do prefd 95% I Adams Ex 113
Del .'. Hudson 118% American Ex .. 140
Del L & W 161 I'nlted States . 52
Den & Rio - ; ..23 Wells Fargo .. I*B
I '■' prefd 76% Miscellaneous-
Erie new '-i A Cot Oil 38%
1 1.. Ist prefd .... 85 I'" prefd 94%
Ft Wayne 184 Amn Spirits 11%
fit Nor prefd 189 Do prefd 34
Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco 218
Illinois Cent 115% Do prefd 143
Lake Erie & XV.:.". 16% Cons Gas 181%
Do prefd 69 1 '-.m Cable Co .. 180 ■-•-
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron 49
Louis & Nash .... 65%' Do prefd 103
Manhattan L 114% Gen Electric 118%
Met St Ry 234 % Haw Com! Co 1224
Mich Cent 118 Brooklyn R T.. 129%
Minn & St L 60%'Intnl Paper 58
Do Ist prefd ....101 ; Do prefd 82
Mo Pacific 46% 'Laclede Gas 5414
Mobile & Ohio 42 Lead 33'
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd 112%
"Do prefd ■'■' Nat Lin Oil 4
N J Central 117% Pacific Mail 50%
N - Central 136 People's Gas . 12414
N V Chi & St L... 13% Pullman Pal 159
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Silver Cert 61%
I).. 2d prefd .... 30 Standard Ii & T.. 9%
Nor West .. 19% Sugar 157%
No Amer Co 11% >■> prefd lid
No Pacific 51% T C A/ Iron 61^
Do prefd 78% U S Leather 6%
Ontario & W -'". ; _ Do prefd 7"'..
Or R & Nay prefd. 67 'U-'S Rubber 51%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 84 Do prefd 115
Do 2d prefd — 58 .West Union 91%
Pittsburg I*4 Am S & XV C 0... 69%
Reading '-" | Do prefd 98%
Do Ist prefd .... 80% Fed Steel 66',i
R G W :: * 1 Do prefd 84%
Do prefd 77 |Pac Coast 38
Rock Island 114% Nor A- W prefd.. 67%
Bt L & S F 10% Colo So 5%
Do prefd 70%; Do Ist ;.refd 48
Do 2d prefd .... 37 • Do 2d prefd .... 18%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 99% Colo Southern 45.. 87
Do 3s reg 103 . M X & T 2ds 67%
Do 3s cup 107% Do 4s A 4%.
Do new 4s reg...128% N v Cent lsts ur,'
Do new 4s c0up. .129 N .1 Cent gen 55. .119%
Do old 4s reg 'i-\ No Carolina 65.. 127
Do old jis c0up. ..118 Do -Is 104
Do 5s reg 111%' No Pacific lsts 120
Do 5s c0up...... .111% I Do 3s 871'
Dist of C 3.65s 117 Do 4s 1 04
Alabama class A. .11" NYC& St L 45. .106%
Do .lass B 110 Nor & W con 45.. 95%
Do class C 100 Do gen 6a 130
Do Currency 1"0 Oregon Nay 1»t5...H4
Atchison gen 45. ...101% Do 4s 103%
Do adj 4s S3 (Oregon S* L 6s 1311.4
Canada Bo 2ds 11l 1 Do con 5s 111%
Clies & Ohio 4%5.. M% Reading gen 4s 8714
Do 5s 119% Rio a W lsts 97%
Chi & N W con 75. 144 St L & I M con 55.11 l
1". S F deb 55... 121 St L & S F gen 65.124%
Chicago Term 45. .101 ,St Paul con 168
Dan & Rio G lsts.. 108% iSt P C & P lsts. ..122%
Do 4s 102% Do 5s 122*%,
X VA G lsts.... 105% jSo Railway 5s 110 ,
Erie gen 4s 71% Stand R & T 65... 87% ;
! F W & I) C lsts... 85% Term new set 35... 97
i Gen Electric 55.... 117 Tex & Pacific 15t5. 116% i
GII & A6s 114 ! Do Ms 66 !
. Do 2ds 111% Union Pacific 45. ..106% i
H & T C 5s 113 (Wabash lsts 114% |
.Do con 6s 112%' Do Ms 100
lowa Cent lsts 113 West Shore 4s 113%
X C P A G Late.... 67% Wis Cent lsts 71%
La new con .... 1 10 jVa Centuries 83%
L& N v unift?d 45.. 99% Do Deferred 5%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 198%
Call loans 3 ©i; Atchison prefd 57%
. Time loans S%<_*4 Mich Tel 99%
Stocks— i Bonds—
I Atch Top ,v St Fe. 18% Atchison 4s I'll
| Amer Sugar 168 I Mining Shares—
l it' prefd 116% Allouez Mia C 0.... 11
i Bell Tel .356 Atlantic 3.
■ Boston & Albany .".2sß Boston & Mont ex-
Boston A Maine... 19% div ..3C*i
Boston L ';**. 110% Butte & Boston 59
Chi Bur & Q 135 Calumet A Hec1a.,833
Fltchburg 120 Centennial 40 •
Gen Electric lis 1 * Franklin 2«%
I Federal Steel 66% Old Dominion 4t>
Do prefd 84% Osceola ■_■■■ 92
' Mexican Central... 13% Quincy $...16a
Old Colony 210 Tamarack 22s
' Rubber 51% Wolverine 40*
Union Pacific 44% Parrott 62
West End 04 Winona .' IS
Do prefd 11" ; Adventure 13
Westing* Elec 58 Humboldt 1%
Do prefd 65 I Union Land 5
Wis Cent l%i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 Ontario 8 60
Crown Point 15 Ophir 110
Con Cal & V 1 50 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 60
Gould _.- Curry 3" Do prefd 860
Hale A- Norcross.. 22 Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 55 00. Standard 2 20
Iron Silver r 60 I'nion Con 40
Mexican 60 .Yellow Jacket 38
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May s.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says: The mar
i kets here were quiet and dull to-day. London
was Inclined -to harden Americans, but New
; York refused to support them and they had
j a sharp setback later. They had a brief rally,
but were sloppy In the street and near the
j worst. s
i Tintos, 49c; Anacondas. 12%.
i Silver dropped on further realizations with
■ out support, but the final tendency was harder. ;
CLOSING.
LONDON, May s.— Canadian Pacific, 100%;
Northern -Pacific preferred, 80%; Union Pacific
preferred, 79%; Grand Trunk. 7%: bar silver,
! uncertain. 2Sd per ounce; money, 1% per cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 5.— Bradst reefs financial
review to-morrow will say:
Roth the temper and tendencies of the stock
market have varied considerably this" week.
! The activity was not striking and there was an
| Increased preponderance of manipulation, with
I a shrinkage In the commission house business.
! More or less lack of unison between the various
j parts of the list was observed, the standard
| railroad shares being generally 'dull or heavy,
| and the chief strength was confined to the I
I steel stocks and th.- Flower specialties, while
j gas securities, the anthracite group and sugar
were the leading examples ot positive weak
j ness. At the beginning of the week a down
j ward movement of some consequence seemed to
' be at hand, based on the Ford franchise tax
bill Just adopted by the New York Legislature,
and on the tear that the process of transferring
; the 820,000,000 Spanish indemnity to Europe
! might lead to gold exports, or to severe dis
turbances of the money market, but assurances
being given that the National City Bank of
New -York and the Deutsch Rank of Berlin,
which had undertaken the task of turning tic
indemnity over to the Bank of Spain, had vir
tually financed, the operation in advarre, and
eliminated danger of its unsettling theV-meri
i can money market, speculation at once assumed
| a more confident tone. The completion of the
May 1 disbursements, which had temporarily
reduced the supply of funds in the money mar
- ket, was another factor, while It was realized
that the Ford franchise tax law In New York
would not become operative for a year. The
rally which the stock market exhibited was led
by the Flower stocks, Brooklyn Rapid Transit
hading the movement. In fact, that group,
including the gas companies, showed th effect
of decided manipulative support. The chief
bullish demonstrations were, however, in the
steel and iron stocks. National Steel, American
Steel and Wire and American Steel Hoop shares '
riding to the reports that a plan is on foot
to combine those and other similar properties
with the Carnegie steel industries. The heavi
ness of gas stocks, due to the outbreak of Mo- ]
lent competitive cutting of prices by the New
i York local companies, however, hardly affected
i the general list, and the renewed weakness
which made its appearance on Thursday was
attributed largely to the bearish tendency of
the London market. The foreigners had. on the
whole, seemed inclined to buy during the early
. part of the week, but a break In the Kaffir
i mining market and a poor Hank of England re
! turn resulted In pronounced selling, which had
; its effect on the standard railroad stocks, al
ready rendered dull by th continued uncer- [
tainty about crop results and prospects and the
probability of poor net earnings returned by the '■
| leading granger roads for the month of March.
Another incident was a ten-point break In
American Sugar, accompanying reports that the :
effort to secure an adjustment of the trade war
| has fallen through, though support rallied the
I stock from the lowest. As a whole the market
I presented a much more Irregular appearance.
| and though manipulative, support by a large
' Interest is conspicuously present, it does not
compensate for the disappearance of the former :
heavy public buying power, nor altogether over
, come the renewed tendency of the board room
professionals and their leaders to act on the
short side of the account from time to time.
DUN'S WEEKLY" REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW yORK, May 5.— R. G. Dun &- Co., In
, their weekly review of trade to-morrow will
say:
The failures In April were the smallest in
- any month since records by months began, 38
, : per cent smaller than In April of last year,
not a third of the amount in IV.-7. and not half
! the amount of April of any previous year.
; Both in manufacturing and in trading they
I were the smallest ever known in that month,
and in trading the smallest ever known in
', any month. The. ratio through clearing
i | houses was less than 70 cents per $1000,
I | against SO cents in January and Jl 19 in .'
March: $7 89 in August and 88 02 In Sep
tember, 1896. A great share of the risk
in the business world has been eliminate. l.
It is not inconsistent nor strange if business
halts, because it has been crowded to the ut
most for four months in anticipating future
needs on account of new combinations pro
' posed. In some .as.-.-, prices have been ad
vanced so far as to check new business, and
i in others works have been engaged bo tar
ahead that new *• orders cannot be taken. Yet
: new business in amount which would have ■
1 been astonishing two years ago. Is still com- !
. ing forward, and the voluntary advance in
wages by the firm's central association, and
i by the I'ri.k coke works, whose shipments in
April.. 30.462 cars, were the heaviest ever
' known, show confidence In the future. At
Buffalo and In Idaho strikes are causing
i trouble, but labor Questions elsewhere do not
affect general business.
The grain market has fallen off. only 2,464,148 j
bushels having been received at the West dur- ]
ing the week, against- 4 76.'.. bushels last
year, and of corn only 2,672,417 bushels have
been exported, against 4,645,749 bushels last
year, while wheat exports from both coUstS
1 have been better. 1,546,767 bushels, flour in- j
I eluded, against 2,545,237 bushels last year.
' Nearly all iron works are crowded for months
ahead, but p. good many are catching up with
their orders, which have recently diminished.
The report that all the great companies are
i to be melted Into one influences the stock mar
ket, but is still scarcely credited, and the rais
ing of foreign prices where American compe
tition Is no longer felt is suggestive. Pig is i
i nowhere higher, nor has any class of finished
i products established higher prices, though in '
. ' many the demand exceeds supplies. London
speculation made a higher price for tin at
825 85, although Atlantic receipts in April, 5105
tons, were the largest on record, and copper
is stronger at $19 25 for Lake, although Euro
i pean stocks are rising.
Shipments of boots and shoes from the East
in five weeks have been but 14. 8 per cent larger
than last year, 14 per cent larger than in the
next largest year, 1895, and 44 per cent larger
than In 1892. Factories, are busy for orders for
i months at old prices, and 2% cents advance is
paid on new orders for several grades. But the
only change in leather Is a small advance In
Union sole, and hides are half of one per cent
. stronger at Chicago.
Wool sales for the week have been large, 8,
--. 859,853 pounds, owing to sales of over 1.000.000
pounds Australian In bond for export, and
» heavy speculative purchases of Territory. The
i I wool year ends with heavy stocks on hand and
i prices about 10 per cent lower than last year,
i British prices averaging about 11 per cent
: higher for Australian fine, but about 10 per
cent lower for English and crossbred wools.
i Sales of domestic wool In four months have
i been 83,698,785 pounds, more than In any year
excepting 1897, when speculators were taking in
i the heavy stocks, which some of them have
recently been selling at a loss, but sales of for
eign have been 31,723,503 pounds for the year,
. against 92,-64,350 pounds In that •.•ear. The
' market in goods is a little stronger, with an
1 advance in clay mixtures, but- in general Is
waiting for the' outcome of new combinations.
• and about some of- these there is still doubt
whether they will be completed. The worsted
combination has gone into operation, but with
out Interfering With deliveries of goods under
previous orders. The cotton goods market Is
the most steady because some strikes still limit
> / production a little, but is quite encouraging
i and active, and in some staples has further ad
vanced.
Failures for the -week have been 158 In the
1 United States, against 238 last year, and 23 in
Canada, against 25 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK." May s.— FLOUß— Receipts, 12,
--'■ 682; exports, 5542; Inactive and nominally lower.
Minnesota patents, S3 So'? 4 10. ''"._,-"
WHEAT— Receipts, 6550; exports, 71,980. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, &B%c spot f. o. b. afloat and
THE l SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
79% c elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80% c,
f o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 Northern Du
luth, 76% c, f. •>. b. afloat. Options opened
steady on the Missouri report, but at once
turned weak and declined most of the session.
Better crop news Inspired most of the long
and short selling. Bears were also favored by
heavy Argentine shipments. , The close was
easy it %c to %c net decline in face of a fair
export trade; May. 77 7-16(& 78%c. closed 7SVrc;
1 duly, 76%@77c, closed 76% c; September, 75fl
; 76% c, closed 75% c; December, 76%<&7C%c, closed
HOPS- Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. *
METALS— Business was stupidly slow In
! nearly all departments to-day. and the slight
changes recorded lacked special significance.
The Western and foreign channels of Informa
tion brought no news of Importance. leaving
local dealers dependent upon the situation here
for inspiration. At the close the Metal Ex
changed called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, with $10 75 bid
and 511 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and unchanged, with
?! ' bid and $19 25 asked.
TlN— Dull and unchanged, with $25 75 bid and
$25 85 as'.ed.
LEAD— Firm, with $4 45 bid and $4 50 asked.
SPELTER— with $6 75 bid and $7
asked.
The brokers' srice for lead is $4 20 and for
copper $19.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, 5 points net
higher. Sales, ICOO hags, Including: July, $5 30;
August, $5 40; October, $5 55.
Spot coffee— Steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; mild,
dull.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: held higher.. Refined,
4%c: firm.
BUTTER— 3470 'packages: steady.
Western creamer*.*, 14@17c; factory. 12913 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,476 packages; firm. West
ern, 13%@13%c; Southern, 13% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May ."..—California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7<J.S%c;
prime wire tray, B%<S'9c; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy,
9-Vi'olOc. . *
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%@_4c; Moorpark, 14@
ISc.
PEACHES-Unpeeled, 9%@11%c. peeled, 25®
2Sc. .
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May s.— Perfect weather and lib
! eral Argentine shipments for the week Induced
liquidation and short selling In the wheat pit
at the opening of the day, and the market
continued to sag under Its load until the close.
A number of step-lose orders were met with
as the market declined. The threatened spread
of the Buffalo strike, which. if it materialized,
would prevent the movement of grain by the
lake route, had a bearish influence. Had crop
.its were ignored. July opened unchanged
at 72%@72%c, declined to 71% c and closed at
71-V
--[favorable seeding weather and fears of a
tie-up In the lake weakened corn. Short sell
ing was heavy. July closed %c lower.
Oats declined owing to ' heavy receipts and
selling by elevator concerns. July declined
%{i '-.<•. '"';-.
Provisions ruled steady early on buying by
| packers, but weakened near the end under
commission house liquidation. Pork, closed a
shade higher, lard a shade lower and ribs un
changed. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 71% 70% 70%
July 72% 72% 71% 71%
September 71% 71% 70% 71
Corn No. 2—
May 33% 33% 32% 33
July 34% 34', 83% 33%
September 34% 34% 34,* 34%
oats No. 2—
May 27% 27% 26% 26%
July 24 24 23% 23%
September 22 22 21% 21%
Mess .Pork, per barrel—
May 8 45
July 8 65 8 70 8 60 8 65
September 8 85 8 85 8 73 S 80
Lard, per 1"0 pounds-
May 5 10 5 10 5 05 5,05
July 5 17% 5 17% 5 12% 5 12%
September 5 27% 530 525 5 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
May 4 55
July 4 70 4 70 4 65 4 67%
September 4 82% 485 .4 80 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat.
71%(5'71%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@77%c; No.
2 red, 74%®75%c; No. 2 corn, 33% c; No. 2 oats.
27@-7>«ic; No. 2 white. 29%®30%c; No. 3 white.
29@29%c; No. 2 rye, 59c; No. - barley. 35 Ml .
No. 1 flax seed. $1 08; prime timothy seed. $2 85;
mess pork, per barrel, *v 50@8 55; lard, per 100
pounds. $5 07%'§5 10; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 ..- /. 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 4i4<fi
• 4%c; short clear sides (boxed),. *' *"-i; l 90;
; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
?! 26; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 8.000
Wheat, bushels 30,000 81,000
Corn, bushels 234, 539.000
Oats, bushels 369.000 511.1
Rye. bushels 5,000 7,000
Barley, bushels 12,000 ■"."'
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 12@16c; Dai
ries. 10® 14c. Eggs, st.-ad.v; fresh, 12% C. Cheese,
weak; Creameries, !' '.' 1 Ic.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 9* 5 7% 5 7%
Closing 5 9% 5 7% .*, 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dee.
Opening 2105 20 40
Closing 2115 20 45
Flour-
Opening -. 4.1 00 27 90
, Closing.... 43 00 , 28 10
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 5.— A slight Improve
i ment In the Liverpool market noted to-day was
not sufficient to stand off the advance In
freights, which went up a notch. Until some
Idle tonnage accumulates, freights will prob
ably absorb any advance that may occur in
the foreign market. Walla Walla easy at > /
58% c; valley, 59@69%C, and blue stem, 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
.TACOMA, Wash., May s.— The local wheat
market was weaker to-day and prices were
quoted half a cent lower at 58c for club; 61c
for blue stem.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. May s.— Exchange, $321,
--962; balances, $78,374.
/
NEW YORK RAISIN MARKET.
NEW York, May s.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The effect: of the report from
Fresno that the California Raisin Growers'
Association will retain its control of the mar
ket for another year was not perceptible in the
market for spot Raisins. Had It come earlier
' it might have caused an advance in prices, but
as the season here Is virtually over it was prac
■ tically without influence. Spot stocks of all
■ descriptions In first hands are reported to be
, more closely cleaned up than for many years at
I this season, and what remains is In the hands
of holders who would prefer to put the stock
I Into cold storage rather than* to accept a shade
less than current market .values. Distributors
. appear to be well supplied, and In view of the
j dull condition of the consuming trade, are not
I dispose. to add to their stocks, but any In
crease in the demand would probably cause an
i immediate advance In spot prices. «
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, May s.— Porter Bros, sold Cali
j fornia fruit as follows: Cherries, Chapman,
$3 36 box; tartarlans, $2 35®2 SO; moselles, $2 60;
Elton, $1 75'"2 65; Governor Woods, $1 67; Rock
ports, $1 55*1-1 BO; Queens, $1 25; gross sales,
$3220 . *
Earl Fruit Company sold: Black Tartarlans.
: $2 15£.2 95; P. Guigne, $1 20©2 35.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
C.HICAGO, May S.— CATTLE— There was a
i fairly active demand for cattle to-day at
previous prices. Fancy grades brought $." .I.".'*T
6 50; choice steers, $5®5 30; mediums, $4 55®
4 75; beef steers. $4®4 50; stockers and feeders,
$4®4 16; Lulls. $2 60*54 16; rows and heifers, $3 60
ci.*.; Western fed steers. $4 20©6 20; Texas steers,
$3 85@5 '."); calves, *4'-iS 85.
HOGS— in hogs was active for the local
and shipping account with prices fully 5c
higher. Fair to choice, *$3 77%©8 92%; heavy
packers, $3 50©3 75; mixed. $3 60®3 82%; light
weights. $." 60®3 85; butchers', $3 65®3 87%; pigs,
S3 40(53 70.
SHEEP greater part of the sheep re
ceipts were consigned direct to the slaughterers,
what few there were coming on the market be
ing disposed of at former prices.
Receipts-Cattle, 1500; Hogs, 17,000; Sheep,
6000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May s.— Consols, 110 5-16; Silver,
28d; French Rentes, lo2f 42c. Wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, rather, easier; English country mar
kets, partly 6d dearer.
LIVERPOOL, May s.— Wheat, firm; Wheat In
Paris, quiet; Flour In Paris, dull; weather in
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d. .
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 Western winter, firm.
5s ll%d; futures, quiet: May, 5s 9%d; July,
,*.s 7%d; September, 6s 7%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm,
3s 5%d; American mixed, firm, 3s 6%d; futures]
Steady: May, 3s 5%d; July. 3s 5%d; September!
3s B%d. - .. ■"
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. May The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day aggregated 11,804 bales,
with medium goods, merinos predominating!
The French buyers purchased a large supply of
greasy and t^e home trade and continental
buyers competed strongly for scoured, the lat
ter paying extreme rates. Locks and pieces
were features and met with a keen demand.
There was also a good demand for crossbreds,
j with the home trade securing the bulk at about
.! 20 per cent above the March sale. The at
, i tendance was large.
♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days '....— v $4 S6
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Stirling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
. New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10 ■
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 61
Mexican Dollars — 50
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Caterlna Accame takes for
Cork 57,886 ctls, valued at $63,000. .'
The feeling at. Chicago is bearish and bull
news has little or no effect on dealers. This
market continues quiet,' with a slight decline
In futures. . - ... •,
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 0501 10; milling,
$1 12%<S_ 15. , X
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— o'clock— ctls, $1 13%;
10.000. $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY — Previous prices are quoted, with a
dull and nominal market.
Feed. $1 02%©: 1 05; Brewing. $1 07%® 1 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session Seller '99, new—
6000 ctls, SSc.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
87% c.
OaTS Are strong enough, but the small
stocks prevent any activity. The demand is
nothing extra.
Fancy Feed, $1 4501 47% per ctl: . good to
choice, $1400145; common. $152%©137%; Sur
prise. $1 45fc>l 50; Gray, $1 3501 40; Milling,
$1 42%-_ l 47% per ctl; Red. $1 32% _T 37..; Black,
$1 30«1 35.
CORN— The market shows no change worthy
of note.
Small round Yellow.- $1 25'al 40; Eastern, |
large Yellow, $1 12%©1 15; White, $1 12%.@1 15;
mixed. $1 07%©1 11% per ctl; California White,
nominal.
RYE— 97%c@sl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 45 per bbl for extra.
$." 2303 40 for bakers' and $2 3002 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
i Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50©4 75;
! Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4'0;4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
I Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
flats (barrels), 86 55©6 95; In sacks, $6 3506 75;
• Pearl Barley, $3; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY' AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay shows no Improvement, receipts being
large and the demand slack. Other descrip
tions under this head stand as before.
BRAN— SIS 50016 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60ff20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50023 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at lie mill, $31031 50; job- !
bing, $32*332 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24*6:25; Cotton
seed Meal. $283730 per ton: Cornmeal. $23 500 ,
$4 50; Cracked Corn, $24©*25; Mixed Feed, $15
©16.
Wheat. $12©13 for good to choice and
$10011 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $9®
$12; Oat. $9011; Barley, $7©9; Alfalfa, 8506 50.
STRAW— 2S(BSOO per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A few changes In Beans will be seen, gen
erally In the direction of lower prices. Seeds
are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 5001 65; Small White, $2
©2 10; Large Whites, $1 5001 (55; Pinks. $1 SO®
190; Reds, $3 2503 35; Blackeye, 8494 10; But
ters, nominal; Llmas, $4; Pea, $2 3502 50; Red |
Kidneys, $2 2502 50 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow I
Mustard. 2%08c; Flax. $202 10; Canary Seed.
B%c per lb; Alfalfa.' 8%09%c; Rape, 3©3% c; j
Hemp. 404Vic; Timothy, 4^o.*>%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 7502; Green, $2 10i@) |
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES. j
Receipts were 753 boxes Asparagus. .127 boxes
Rhubarb, 352 sacks Peas. si sacks Beans and \
719 sacks Potatoes.
New Potatoes in boxes made their appear
ance from the river, selling at $1 73 per ctl.
Otherwise there was nothing new in Potatoes.
Onions continued weak, with liberal receipts
i of red.
Vegetables continued in ample supply at
about previous prices.
POTATOES— SI 25© 160 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1400160 for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 15-g>
1 30 for seed and $1 50©1 80 for large; New Po
tatoes, 1%02c per lb.
ONIONS— SOS*i6Oc for fair and 75c©$l per ctl
for good to choice; new. 4"'-jn"r per sack lor
Red and "-'" per box for White.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $10160 per
box for No. 2. $1 7502 26 for No. 1 and $2 500
2 73 for fancy: Rhubarb, 50075 c per box for
common and 9Ocosl for good to choice; Green
Peas, 2^o3c for common and 3%c for Garden;
String Beans from Los Angeles. 407 c for green
and 6»57c for Golden Wax; String Beans from
Vacaville, 608 c; Cabbage. $1 40; Tomatoes. $1 28
';_' per box; Egg Plant. 10012% C per lb; Garlic.
r.'.-'J-i.- per. lb; Dried Okra, 13c per lb: Dried
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 10016 c; Carrots,
25035 c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40c(ft{l
per dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers, 50Ji6iV-;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, 10012% c
per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is dull at about the quotations
which have ruled for some days, but the feel
ing Is weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkey,*, 12%©13 c for Gob
blers and 12%© 13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 5001 75; Goslings. $2 2502 50; Ducks, $5 500
6 50 for old and J7'i.-> for young; Hens, $455;
young Roosters. $708 50; old Roosters, $4 50© 5;
Fryers, $606 50; Broilers, $4 50©5 60 for large,
$2 50© 3 60 for small; Pigeons. $2®2 25 per dozen
for old and $2 25(52 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
" BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no further change in anything
yesterday, the market being quiet all. around.
BUTTER— _
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%© seconds,
16-.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice,- 13®14%c-,
store. 11012 c per lb.
, CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10©10% c; old,
9%c: Young America, 11012 c; Eastern, li%&*lsc.
EGGS— '..'noted at 15c for store and 15%©.
16% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern are on the
market again at 16©16% c asked.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 647 boxes Cherries and 629
chests Strawberries.
Peaches will be the star fruit this year, every
thing else being more or less diminished in I
quantity. The Eastern buyers are already
after them and It is reported that they are
buying In the San Joaquin Valley on the fol
lowing basis: Twenty dollars per ton guar
anteed the grower on all shipments, with a
percentage on all over this figure.
The Pear crop is not looking ■as well any
where as it did a fortnight ago, and in some
sections is a practical failure.
Strawberries continue to' decline.- Cherries
show no change worthy of note. Receipts do
not show any Increase of late, though the sea
son Is steadily advancing.
Gooseberries are in small arrival and sell
readily at the quotations.
Arrivals of Blackberries and Apricots are In
significant. •-.
Stocks of Oranges are steadily decreasing,
but the market shows no change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— •
Apples. $1 5002 50 for fair to good and $303 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25@35c per drawer
and sufi)6oc per box; Blackberries, $2 per crate;
Strawberries, $3©5 per chest for small and
$2 5003 50 for large berri a.
Cherries. 50©75 c for red, 50086 c for white and
$I©l 25 per box for black, with an advance for
favorite brands. •'.
Apricots, $2 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 5003 25
per box; Seedlings, $102; Mediterranean Sweets.
$1 6002; Lemons, $1 2301 50 for . common and
5202 ".'I for -good, to choice: Mexican Limes,
$6 50©7: California Limes. 65085 c per small box:
Grape Fruit, $1 5002 50; Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. $204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-30' s. 5®
s%c' for 50-60's. 4@4%c for 60-70' s, 3%©3% c for
70-80's, 2%@3%c for 80-90's, 2%©2% c for 90-100's
and 2@2%c for 100-110' Peaches, 8%@9%c for
good to choice, 10®10%c for fancy and • for
peeled; Apricots, 12%©15 c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9%c; sun
dried, 6%®7%c; Black Figs, sacks. 3%c; Plums,
nominal 2c for unpltted and 4%@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
' RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%®3c;
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s®Bc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, 8®
9c for. hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14016 c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and 4%®
5c for California; Cocoaunts. $4 5005. *
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and 809 c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 714
7%c; light, amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb. •
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The firmness In Hams continues and the
demand Is good. 'r?;.H;
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
B%®9c for light medium, 10%@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%i®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 11011% a; California
Hams, 10@10%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14*. Family Beef, $15015 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7%'&7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces 6%©6% c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c ; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Jacob Wollner's circular says: "Our market
is very lively for free choice wools and can be
quoted strong, with an advance of about lc
per pound. Defective and Southern spring
wools, also defective fall wools, do not seem
to respond. For Nevada and all free choice
wools there is an active Inquiry and a great
deal of wool has been sold. Mostly all of the
middle county and Northern wools have been
bought up In the country at prices ranging
from 10c to 12c. Choice Nevada can also be i
quoted at the same price.
"A great deal of buying on speculation is
reported in the Eastern market, especially In
Australian and territory wools. There has
been very little buying by manufacturers.
Prices are firm and holders of wool have raised
asking prices.
"The London sales which opened May 2 are
reported from 15 to 20 per cent higher on fine
wools and they are higher to-day In London
than they are in the United States, and a great
deal of fine wool has been exported to England
and Germany In the last two weeks."
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium. 9@9%c: light. B%c: Cow
hides. 9c; Stags, 6©6% c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, . 16c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15*al5Hc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, \ ICKffSOc each; short
Wool. 35®60c each; medium. long Wool,
90c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7502 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%04%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%©4 c: refined. — ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7® 9c: year's staple, 6®Sc:
Foothill and Northern Free, 10©12 c; Foothill
and Northern defective, S@loc; Nevada, B©llc.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6%@Be
Southern 4'i&7c
Plains 4 ig6c
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10©llc per lb for ordinary.
12@12%c for good and 13@15 for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95. -;• /
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, . $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks. . •
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been two arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 6356 tons; two from Oregon,
850 tons; total, 7208 tons. The quantity coming
to hand since my last report is exceptionally
light, not equal to two days' actual consump
tion; this for the moment makes no radical
change, as there is sufficient fuel here for all
Immediate calls, at the same time stocks in
yard are diminishing. Last year a number of
large coal consumers changed their machinery
and are now utilizing crude oil for fuel, which
they claim is more economical and convenient
for their purposes. Any marked reduction in
the price of coal will again find them con
suming coal in preference to oil. No foreign
coals have arrived this week, in fact, the quan
tity of foreign at hand so far this year Is ex
ceedingly small; we may naturally look for
increased shipments later in the year, as most
of our grain carriers outward will be coal
carriers Inward. Coal freights from Australia
and Great Britain are still firm for later load
ing." -^
RlCE— China mixed. $3 2504; China No. 1,
$4 5004 90; extra do, $5©5 35; Hawaiian, $6®
6 25: Japan, $4 2504 90; Louisiana, $5©6 60.
LUMBER— Martha W. Tuft takes for
La Paz 203,461 feet, valued at $4500.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany qudtes, terms net cash in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, s'4c: Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more: 50-lb bags, '„<■ more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Still another advance In. Hogs is noted.
Otherwise there is no change, in anything.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF 7%©S'4c per lb for Steers and 606% c
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, Tc; small, 7%®Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7% c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 8%09c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 5%@5%c for small: ;.-V"
6c for medium and 5®5%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%©5e; dressed Hogs, 7
©B%c.
RECEIPTS OF ./ROD!*' IE.
For Friday, May 5.
Flour, qr sks 20,813 Mustard Sd, sks. 21
Wheat, ctls 2,105 Straw, tons 5
Barley, ctls • 8,240 Hay, tons 429
Rye. ctls 52" Quicksilver, flks. 32
Butter, ctls 252 Eggs. doz 21,000
Cheese, ctls 234 Wool, hales 1,105
Tallow, ctls 280 Wine, gals 69,400 1
Beans, sks 36 Leather, r0115.... 167 |
Potatoes, sks 1,519 Hides, no 714
Onions, sks 853 Pelts, bdls 401
Bran, sks 1.317 Lime. 1-bls 226
Middlings, sks.... li.' Sugar, sks 6.800
' OREGON.
Oats, ctls • 80 1 Potatoes, sks 2.'"'3
Flour, qr sks 9,053 Wheat, ctls 520
Onions, sks 222 '
OGDEN.
Flour, qr sks 2,043 Potatoes, sks 300
•
Family Retail Market. J
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand about the
■ same as heretofore.
Poultry shows no particular change. The
tendency In all Meats except Pork Is toward
lower prices. Fish is In light supply.
Strawberries are cheaper, but Cherries are
still dear, as they are scarce- this year. Goose
berries are unchanged. ' These are about the
only summer fruits on the market at present,
except a few scattering Apricots and Blackber
ries.
Vegetables show little change from last week.
Following iff The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton —
"*anne| $ ®12 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60® — —
Wellington .. 'a 10 00 Southfield • v* ■'.
New Welling- Wellington ® 9 50
ton - — (310 00 Coos Bay .... ® 7 00
Seattle' 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs..l7Vi@—
 square 40<3— Ranch Egg.-., per
' Do, per roll 35(3— 1 dozen 20@—
Do, good 30®- I Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — #15 lb 12(315
Cheese, Eastern. < .15917 1 Do, extracted. . .— ®lo
Cheese, 5w155......20©25|
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12®17 Pork, fresh 12@15
Reef, choice 18*020 Pork, salt —312
Do, good 10315 Pork, chops 12015
Corned Beef 8® 10. Round Steak 10012
Ham. Cal 12'<.'(. 15 Sirloin Steak 15(g'—
Do. Eastern —(315 Porterhouse, d 0. ..20025
Lard 12315 Smoked Beef 12®15
Mutton 10®15 Pork Sausages..
Lamb — ®15|Veal .' 12@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 601.75 .Turkeys, per 1b...15@20
Young Roost- Ducks, each... 00
ers, each 75c@$l 00 Geese. each...sl 5032 on
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, pair.. 35® 50
each 60065 a obits, pair.. — ••» *v
Fryers, each —(3751 Hare, each.... 15© 20
Broilers, each 50@65|-
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15(320 ' Lemons, doz 20*—
Apples, lb B@l2 Limes, doz —015
Bananas, doz 20(i_i 25 1 Oranges, doz 15Cd_l0
Blackberries, per , Raisins, It> 5(«.1u
basket 151.20 Strawberries, per
Cherries, per 1b. ..124125. drawer .-. 20340
Gooseberries, 1b... 5010 Walnuts, lb 12©15
Vegetables— •
Artichokes, d0z... 20(350 Lettuce, doz 15@—
Asparagus 6@12 Mushrooms, .1b....— @ —
Beets, Uoz lix. _.< . Onions, 1b... 2® 3
Beans, white, tb.. 4® 51 Peppers, green, lb 250—
Colored, lb 4W 5 1; '.-i_i! ..->. it _  3
Lima, lb 6@— l Do,, new 1® 5
Cabbage, each....— «i 10 Parsnips, doz 15@—
Cauliflowers, each s®lo. Rhubarb, pr th 40 6
Celery, bunch... .. s®— j Radishes, dz bchsioin*
Cucumbers, per 'Sage. flns bnchs...?s(3s*l
dozen ..75@1 50 String Beans, 1b. .10013
Cress Con nnchs.. Summer Squash, Ibls@—
Egg Plant, per tt).15020 Thyme, lb 20®30
Green Peas, 1b.... 4® 6 Turnips, doz 10015
Lentils. It) 65«- I Tomatoes, lb 15@20
Fish, per lb-
Barracuda — — Shad .".' 10312
Carp :..-. —97— ' Striped Bass 15020
Codfish —315 Smelts . 12015
Flounders — ©12 --'les l.W—
Halibut —©—Skates, each 1 Oft 12
Klngflsh — (3— Tomcod .; 15u —
Mackerel ©— Clams, gal '.Sim-—
Do Horse —(3— Do. hardshell, 100.40050
Perch 10012 Crabs, each .10®15
Pompano 1 50 Do. softshell, d0z.25(33"i
Rocktlsh 15®— Mussels, qt.... 10012
Salmon, smoked. .2o«— I Oysters, Cal, 100. .40(350
Salmon, fresh 12(015 Do, Eastern. d0z..25®40
Shrimps — ■>. "... . Mill— •;
THE STOCK MARKET.
'There was less activity in local securities on
the morning session, - and tiie only changes
worthy of note were a .decline in Hawaiian
Commercial to $125 50 and an advance in Alaska
Packers' to $112. ' ■-, '
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
sold down to $124 and Gas and Electric to $73
Contra Costa Water advanced to $74 12% and
Giattt Powder to $74 75. *
Mining stocks were lower and dull. The tele
gram from the pump said: " "Elevator work
ing steadily. Water In the 1750-foot level winze
Is 40 feet 7 Inches below the station." The fall
of water In the winze during the past twentv
four hours was only seven Inches Instead cf
one foot; which had been the previous averagil
The Utah Consolidated assessment of 5 cer-s
per share will be delinquent in the boards to
day. "*
The Morning Star mine, in Placer county,
Cal., will pay a dividend of 86000 this month;
The Quicksilver Mining Company "I New
York, owners of the New Almaden mine, In
Santa Clara County, paid a dividend of $21,500
on the preferred stock yesterday.
Two copper mines in Montana pay dividends
this month. The Anaconda paid a semi-annual
dividend of $1,500,000 on the 3d, making $9,750,
--.00 to date. The Boston and Montana will pay
one of $900,000 on the 29th, making $1,660,000
this year and $10,750,000 in all from the start.
The report ironi the Standard Consolidated
mine states that during the week ending April
.'9 the usual prospecting work was done In the
company's mining claims. Raises 2, 3, 5 and 7
rom the 318-foot level in No. 10 vein all showed
fair grade ore. The north drift on that level in
the same vein showed twelve Inches of low
?rade ore. On the 270-foot level in the C vein
:he ore In the raise was getting better. In the
Hoping ground raise 4 in No. 7 south stope in |
the Moyle vein on the 150-foot level showed
sixteen inches of pay ore. North stope No. 4
In the new vein on the 318-foot level had I
twenty-four inches of fair grade ore. South
stope No. 5, same vein and level, had thirty
Inches of fair ore, and stuping has been tin- |
ished elsewhere in No. 10 vein. The usual
juantity of fair to good ore was stoped from
the Maguire. Fortuna and C and I) veins on
the 270, 336, 470, 52S and 582-foot levels. At the
mill a total of 243 tons of ore was crushed
For the week; average assay vanner tailings,
(13 02. Concentrates produced, I' 4 tons; assay
value, $502 33. Plate amalgam produced, 1113
troy ounces; value per ounce. $2 69. At tail
ings plant No. 1 328', tons of tailings were
treated during the week.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works paid Its
-sual monthly dividend (No. 30) yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 5—2 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 112 00
100 Contra Costa Water 72 50 j
50 Contra Costa Water, cash 72 75 j
170 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 125 75 '
300 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 125 50
135 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 125 25
225 Hutchinson S P Co 35 374
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 50
12000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5... 106 00
115 Market-st Railway 62 75
150 Mutual Electric Light »... 17 25
200 Mutual Electric Light 17 12%
11000 N PC R R 5 per cent bonds 103 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 86 00
300 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
SO Pacific Gas Imp 73 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 50
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
58 V Water 101 00
12000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 103 25
225 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Street—
15000 S F & S J V bonds '. 115 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' Association..'. 112 00
30 Contra Costa Water 73 75
340 Contra Costa Water 74 00
30 Contra Costa Water 74 124
115 Contra Costa Water : 74 25
25 Giant Powder Con 74 50
75 Giant Powder Con 74 75
30 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
325 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .124 50
120 Hutoiinson S P. Co *. '. 35 374
120 Hutchinson S P Co 35 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 17 374
70 Mutual Electric Light 17 25
325 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
155 Paauhau S P Co.» 42 12%
50 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
60 Pacific Gas Imp 72 75 !
30 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 73 00
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0...' 73 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 73 124
160 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 73 00
55 S V Water ....101 25
14000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 102 75
Street—
15000 Los Angeles Rv 5 per cent bonds 106 00
150 Oceanic S S Co r S6 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— •
100 Equitable Gas M . 600
■ 56 Hutchinson S P Co '.... 35 374
20 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
20 Paauhau S P Co 42 374
25 Oceanic S S Co *5 50
30 Market-st Railway 62 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Mutual Electric Light 17 25
40 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
100 Vigorit Powder 3 00
2" Contra Costa Water 73 00
15 Contra Costa Water 72 874
50 Equitable Gas... 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Hoard yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 34 300 Mexican 52 ;
100 Best & Belcher 55 £0 Ophir 125
100 Caledonia 35 200 Overman .'. 12 j
100 Challenge 32 500 Potosl 25;
100 Challenge 33 40.1 Savage 23 l
800 Con cal & V...1 65 300 Union Con 44
100 Confidence '.in 200 Utah 10
I'm Confidence 97 300 Utah, 09
200 Justice 21 200 Yellow Jacket.. 41 :
Afternoon Session. , •'
100 Best & Belcher 54 300 Savage 25 j
100 Con Cal & V...1 55 100 Union Con 43 ;
300 Hale & Norcrs. 24 1000 Union Con 44 !
700 Ophir 1 20 200 "Utah 09
400 Potosl 24, 100 Yellow Jacket.. 40
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock j
Hoard yesterday:.
Morning Session.
500 Alta -.. 09 200 Justice 22 |
400 Belcher 34} 700 Mexican 50 1
100 Best & Belcher 55 200 Ophir 1 224
400 Best & Belcher 541 400 Ophir 12')
100 Challenge Con. 34 200 Potosi 24 I
120") Challenge Con. 33 300 Sierra Nev 95
500 Challenge Con. 32 300 Sierra Nev 96 j
200 ''hollar 31 300 Sierra Nev 94
200 choiiar 30 200 Union Con 45;
500 Con Cal & V...1 65 300 Union Con 44 !
300 Con Cal & V...1 60 500 Utah 10
600 Crown Point... 19 700 Yellow Jacket.. 41
500 Crown Point... IS 200 Yellow Jacket.. 40
500 Gould & Curry. 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 5-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. l Bid.Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Kentuck 04 '*
Alta 07 09 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes OS 10 Mexican 51 52
Belcher 33 34 Occidental 33 —
Best & Belcher 53 55 Ophir 1151 20
Bullion 06 07 Overman _ 14
Caledonia Si 35 Potosl 24 25
('hollar 30 32 Savage 24 25
Challenge Con. 32 33 Scorpion — 13
Confidence — 98 ! Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Cal & V...1 ICO Sierra Nev 94 95 !
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill _ 03
Crown Point... IS 20 Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. 02 — Standard 275
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 06 —
Gould & Curry. 33 35 Union Con 43 44-
Hale & Norcrs. 24 25 Utah 09 111
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 40 41
Justice 21 22 1
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. .
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest I
Information can always be obtained regarding I
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
observatory. Mare Island, Cal
A notice stating whether the' ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day .
... C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic 'Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
' xrUIS y ° the Superintendent
th« T T , he . h| Kh and low waters occur at
tw^'fl fron t < Mi "lon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MAY 6.
| Un rises 5:07
Sun sets Z\,\] 7 . 05
Moon rises 2:50 a. m
C ITlmel ITimel Time Time
£■ ; Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
" L W H W L W H W
* ... 2:49 0.6 9:09 4.9 2:39 1.4 90S 6 1
7 ... 3:38 0.0 10:16 5.0 3:20 I.S 9:44 6.4
8 ... 4:23—0.5 11:01 4.9 4:01 2.1 10:20 6.4
9 ... 5:07 — O.S 11j85| 4.8 6:40 2.7 10:5€ 6.4
10 ... 5:501—0.9 12:47! 4.7 5:20| 2.7 11:33| 6 3
11 ...I 6:321 — 0.9 1:30] 4.5 6:01| 2.9
IH W L, W H W| L W
L 2 ...| 0:12 6.1 7:15—0.7 2:30) 4.5 6:50 3.1
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time* column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, ns sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign- (— precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wafers
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco' Cal •
May 5, 1899. ■ •'*;;-..'• '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Belgian King.. China an.l Japan May
Willamette .... Seattle May
ntanla | Nanalmo I May
Coos Bay Newport May
"^lty of Peking. China and Japan May
Bristol .Departure Bay May
SVashtenaw 'Tacoma May
Czarina |Puget Sound May
Aloha IPoint Arena ! May
Pomona |Humboldt May
Walla ...! Victoria & Puget Sound May
"oqullle River.. (Grays Harbor May
\rcata | Poos Bay j May
Empire Coos Bay ....|May
Crescent City.. (Crescent City ....IMay
P'nrona 'Sun Diego IMay
Mineola ..• Nanaimo IMay
A. Blanchard..|Coos Bay May
Acapulco ..I Panama.... « May
North Fork . . iHumboldt I May
Homer (Departure Bay IMay
Alliance •Portland May
Columbia ...... Portland [May
Bon 1 1 a ! Newport I May
Mackinaw ITacoma I May
Wellington iDeparture Bay IMay
Point Arena IPolnt Arena May
Weeott ITillamook Bay May
'an Juan I Acapulco I May,
L'matllla I Victoria & Puget Sound May
-anta Rosa Pan Diero May
stoto nf <'■>! :i>,,r11..n.l IMnV
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ] Destination. I Sails.- Pier.
anta RosalSan Plpko 'May fi, 11 am Pier 11
,mer Maru!Chlnn.&Jap«n'May 6. 1 pm TMSfI
iueen Vie & Pert Sd. May 6. 10 am Pier »
't. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. 'May fi. 3 pm'Pler t
uracan ...'Mexico I May 7. 10 amlPler It
tate Cat. ..(Portland May s. in amlPler 24
Ity of ParalPanama May 8.12 miPMSS
ooa Bay... (Newport (May 8, ft am ' Pier 11
'oraona ... Humhnli.lt 'May 0. 2 pm'Pler 9
ircata Coos Hay [May 9. 10 amPler IS
orona San Dipeo IMay 10, 11 am^Pler 1J
l Blanch.] Humboldt May in. 5 pniiPler IS
.loha Point Arena.. IMay m. S pm'Pler 2
I'alla \yal]'\lc * Pe:t Sd. May 11, JO amlPler 9
lllance ... Coob Bay May 11. lrt am! Pier a»
ionita iNewoort May 12. 9 am'ri'r 11
olumhia ..'Portland IMay V.. 1" urn Pier H
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 5.
Br stmr Moana. Carey, 23 days from Sydney,
via Honolulu 6 days 9 hours. _ * ■■_
Haw stmr Aztec. Trask. 32 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 19 days 14 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist, 19 hours from Rock-
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, 44 hours from San.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 49 hours from San,
Pedro. . , ... _
Ship St David, 'Lyons, 142 days from New
York. • . _._-._
Bark Gatherer, Stokkobye, , days from ta
coma. . . __
Brig Lurline, McLeod, 194 days from Ka
hulul;
CLEARED.
Friday. May 5.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. „>,__._
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Astoria: R I*"''"".
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria, etc; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. •* **•
Haw bark Willscott, Peabody, Nanaimo;
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr Bowhead, Lech, Bristol Bay; XV L B
Mills.
SAILED.
Friday, May 5.
Stmr Whiteboro, Johnson.
Stmr Novo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Gra"*<* Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
U S stmr Bear, Tuttle, Seattle.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude. Tahiti
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coefulll*
River.
Schr Aloha. Dahel, Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Jensen, Stewarts
Point.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen. Unga.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes,
CHARTERS.
The Mistley Hall loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, 3('s. and not as previously re
ported.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Mia. 6, 10 p m -Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT -Arrived May s— Schr Marion,
from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— May s— Bark Levi G Bur
gess, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived May s— Stmr Columbia,
hence May .'..
Sailed May s—Stmr5 — Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May s— Stmr Alice Rlan
chard, hence May 3; stmr Pomona, hence
May 4.
Sailed May s— Stmr Alice Blanchard. for
Coos Hay; schr Occidental, for San Francisco;
Bchr J Q Wall, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived May 5— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence' May 4.
Sailed May s— Stmr George Loomls, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May s— Stmr. Empire, for
Empire, for San Francisco: stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE Arrived May "—Schr Vega, from
Port Blakeley; stmr Lakme.
Sailed May a— Stmr Al-Ki. for Dyea; stmr
Humboldt, for Dyea; stmr Germania, for San
Francisco.
I'SAL- Sailed May s— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived May "-Schr Abble. hence
April 28.
NEAH BAY— Passed May 5— Schr John A
Campbell, from Tacoma, for San Pedro; Br
bark tevernhank. from Tacoma. for Queens
town: bark Garondelet, from Port Gamble, for
San Francisco: schr J M Weatherwax. from
New Westminster, for Nagasaki; stmr Macki
naw, hence May 2, for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived May 4— Bark
Harvester, from Port Pirle, to load for Hono
lulu.
MAHAKONA— Arrived March — , brig Con
suelo, hence March 5.
HONOlPU— Arrived April 20— Schr Esther
Buhne, hence April 3.
HlLO— Sailed April -Ship Henry B Hyde,
for New York.
To sail April 22— Haw bark Santiago, for San
Francisco April 30— Bark Amy Turner, for San
Francisco.
KlHOA— Arrived April 19— Schr Defender,
hence March 29.
KAHULUI — Sailed April 22 — Schr Mary
Dodge, for Hana; schr Ida McKay, for Grays
Harbor.
HONOLULU— Arrived April 22— Schr C S
Holmes, from Seattle; schr Transit, hence
April 6. April 24— Schr W H Talbot, from New
castle, Aus. April 25— Schr H D Bendixen. fm
Newcastle. Aus; schr T S Negus, from San
Diego: Haw ship Fort George, hence April 9.
April 26— Stmr Mariposa, hence April 20; Haw
bark Mauna Ala. hence April 14. April 27 —
Schr Robert Lewers, hence April 13; stmr City
of Rio de Janeiro, hence Aittll 2": U S stmr
Warren, hence April 20; April 28— Ship Aryan,
from Norfolk; Haw bark Himalaya, from New
castle, Aus; Br stmr Moana, from Sydney.
Sailed April 22— Jap stmr America Maru, for
San Francisco: shin A J Fuller, for Hilo; Br
shin earned Llewellyn, for Lobos de Alfuera
Island; schr Alice Cooke, for San Francisco;
Ital cruiser Plemonte. for Yokohama. April 25 —
Hark Fresno, for Port Townsend. April 26 —
Hark Alden Besse, for San Francisco; bark
Edward Mar, for San Francisco; stmr Mari
posa, for Sydney. April 27— Schr A M Baxter
for San Francisco. April 28— Schr W F Jewett.
for Port Townsend; brig XV G Irwin, for Sat
Francisco.
COQUIMBO— Arrived April 22— bark Lalla
Rookh, from Newcastle, Aus.
COLON— Sailed May 4— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed May 4— Br bark Cam
brian Queen, for Dublin.
SYDNEY— In port April Ship Florence, for
San Francisco, via Newcastle, Aus; ship Wa
chusett, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed March 17— Italia*-.
bark Mario, for San Francisco. March IS— Br
ship Benares, for San Francisco: schr Golden
Shore, for Honolulu. Anril I— Fr bark Ad
miral Troude, for San Francisco; Gr ship Ber
muda, for San Diego. April 7— Br ship Spring
burn, for San Francisco; bark Colusa, for
Honolulu. April 11— Bktn Robert Sudden, for
Honolulu.
In pert Aorll Bark Carrollton. for San
Francisco: shlD Earl of Dinsmore. for San
Francisco; ship Hecla, for San Francisco: Hr
bark Invercoe, for San Francisco; ship Reaper,
for ■ Kahulul.
Chartered to load at Newcastle. NSW— Bark
Abby Palmer, for San Francisco; bktn Adden
da, for Honolulu; Fr bark Rretagne. for San
Francisco: Nlc bark Bundaleer, for Valparaiso;
Fr bark Dugueselin, for San Francisco: ship
Eclipse, for San Francisco; ship Elwell, for Salt
Francisco: bark Empire, for < **an Francisco;
Chil ship Euterpe, for Honolulu: ship Florence,
irr San Francisco; bark Gen Fairchild. for San
Francisco; bark Harvester, for San Francisco:
Haw shin Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu; Br
bark Invernelll, for. San Francisco: Fr bark
Jacques, for San Francisco; bark James Ne
smlth, for San Francisco: Fr bark Lamon
clere, for Sail Francisco; ship Louisiana, for
Honolulu; Fr bark.Noeml, for San Francisco;
Ger bark Nomia. for San Francisco: bark Pal
myra, for San Francisco: Br ship Port Logan,
for San Diego: Br ship Port Patrick, for San
Francisco: bark Seminole, for San Francisco*
Chil ship Star of Italy, for Honolulu; ship Yo
semlte. for Honolulu.
PORT PIRIE— prior May s— Ship Yo
semlte, from Port Gamble.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May Ger bark
Duchesse Anne, hence Dec 25.
NANAlMO— Arrived May s— Aus stmr Slam,
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed May s— Stmr Mineola. for San Fran
cisco; schr J M Colman, for Vancouver
NAGASAKI— SaiIed May 4— U S stmr" Sheri
dan, tor San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived May Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York. •
_ LIVERPOOL - Arrived May 5-Stmr Pay
State, from Boston.
NEW YORK— Arrived May Stmr Island,
from Stettin, etc. • *
GENOA— Arrived May 5— Stmr . Alter, from
Now York, tw Gibraltar and Naples.ELIHU THOMSON
BREAKS DOWN
IN MIDOCEAN
Was on Her Way Here
From Honolulu.
♦ —
TUG RELIEF TO THE RESCUE
— ♦ —
THIRTEEN OF THE CREW AR
RIVED ON THE MOANA.
♦
Death of the Moana's Doctor During
the Voyage The Trouble in
Samoa — Transport New
port Overdue.
4
The mail steamer Moana arrived from
Sydney. X. S. W. t via Auckland, N. Z.,
Apia, Samoa, and Honolulu, H. 1., yes
terday. News two days later thai that
brought by the Moana was taken to
Auckland by the steamer Mariposa and
cabled here. The Moana brought up one
saloon passenger and twelve of the crew
of the steamer Elihu Thomson. The lat
ter vessel was on her way h^re and broke
down when about 500 miles from San
Francisco. The tug Relief was got readj
ust night and went out to look for the J
The Elihu Thomson is one of the fleet
that came out here from the East to go
into the Klondike trade. When the bot
tom fell out "f that boom she was run ;
for a time between here and Puget Sound
ports. Whir-:: a lot of freight for Hawaii
accumulated at Seattle the Thomson was
charter' d and put on the berth for Hon
olulu. She made one round trip and went
bark to th.- islands with another cargo.
This' time she was loaded for San Fran
clsen Instead of Puget Sou ! and leav
ing Honolulu she had one cabin passenger
--S. Fulmcr— and 10SO tons of sugar, be
sid< - me -• neral merchandise aboard.
AH went well with the Elihu Thomson !
until Sundaj morning; April 30. At 2 a. m. I
the prop< Her shaft broke and the pro- ;
':■ pped off. Captain Whitney at
once ■*"* ali sail possible on the vessel
and began tiring signals of distress. The
and stripes were hoisted union
down and then the crew sat down to
wait patiently for something to turn up. |
At 11:30 a. m. of the 30th the transport
Senator, bound for Manila, came along.
. plain Patterson ran down to the dis
abled steamer and a boat from the Thom
son was sent to her. Captain Whitney
made a plea to be towed back to San
Francisco,* and a line from th" Senator was
put aboard. When Lieutenant Frazier.
the transport's quartermaster, learned
what was being done he at once Ordered
the Thomson cast off. The ship was on
Government business, the soldiers were
required in Manila and the towing of the
derelict to San Francisco would take too
Once more the Ihu Thomson was
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, May 5, 1899.— Seventy-fifth day
of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather fine.
•RTnVTN*ir.'>MTTrt. Presiding JU-Rt'. JAMES V. CALDWELL, Starter.
JAOO FIRST RACE— Five furlonßs; two- year-olds; puree) $400.
Hpttinß.
Index. Hnr?<\ Ai». Weight. .St. Vim. Vim. \m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. ■ Op. Cl.
1073 Tar Hill ..lIS 2 ... lh 12 Ii 11 [Mackltn 2 5-2
:••:.-; Flush of Gold .li:, 4 ... 5 ■■.. " 'i 6 2 1 Cole 30 60
1073 Han Tomas 113 3 ... " 3 H 2h 34 3ns Piggott 6-5 6-6
cni«) Bamhoulla US 5 ... 4 ',4 3 1 2' 2 4 1 |J. Heiff 8 15
3073 May Gertrude ......li:. 6 ... 6 « 4 1 E >•* |\V. Narva"'/.. 5 7
1Q73 Gusto ■-■■■■■■■■118 1 ... 114 4H 5 M 6 iJenklns 6 8
Vim.
\m.
Ptr.
Fin.
■
ely. Fluj^h of Gold rim
■
1 j-vo 4 -; ff>ur-year-ol(ls and upward; pura
irt>e. $400.
Jim. Str. Fin. I J
. ; :•: 5 :! ' . ... 1 h Hahn
3 4 2 '- 1 h ... 2 ". Plggott
3 . W. Narvaez..;
4 i Ruiz I
" J ... 5 h Jenkins
f. 1 [!iis»<i:ip<-r
1 4 's ... 7 '. Ami b
4 . • -.. ... <■ 4 ' ;: >. er ;
•• ... 9 5 Ward i
11 ... 14 W. See ;
9 1 11 ... 11 McNlchols ...
12 Dingley i
...
. v. .■ ncr, F. 1 3t. Savioi
■ efl to a ftan«lstill. >
: jti bad i-i- ■■■
:—■ Fork? 111. Oui
Hor<c.' Ap». Weight. ;St.
*m.
Jim.
Fin.
j Betting.
[Op. Cl.
I 8 25
7-5 6-5
6 7
I 6 15
8 S
4 4
6 20
j 12 40
30 50
i C 8
12 is
30 100
60 100
r-Kassle.
JeriMprio
my 114.
Index.
Hor*e.
i
A>?e. Weigrht-iSt.
\m.
Str.
Fin. (
Jockeys.
Betting.
:•: !•:.• c. i .'. 107 3 ... 5r 4 a ••• lfa Dlngley , 2 4
1047 Majesty 4 104 4 ... 4 M 4 1 ... 2', Jenkins 3 5
:•• Judge ■. Napton, 4 ..'.106 1 ... 1 2 24 ... 3h W. Narvaez.. 15 2S
.... ... 4 M RuJ*
7 ... - ". 7 ... 6 1 Kallehy 1"
1070 Jennie Gibb;"5:;:::":104 2 '.'.'. 2 1 IMi ... 6 1 Coburn 15 30
; i- ... 7 J. Power W 10
... J W. See 15 4"
10 ... :• Glover 4 6
3 h 3 h ... 10 Mafklln V) 40
1! 11 ... 11 Cole 2n 60
_ '«{_ M'ay'McChrty."a'.'.'.'.lC* 12 '.*.'. 12 12 ... 12 Basßinger .... 20 6
Time— v; :24 < !i; Mr. :4 QS «; %. 1:16%. Winner, 1 E. J. and O. W. Boesecke's blk. h. by Hin-
dr»T-FranceHca. Had start. Won firm three driving.
Benico was well ri'lflfn and lucky. Majesty bore out at turns or would have won.
Alvln XI? improving. Jennie Gibb cut down. May McCarty practically left.
Scratched— Santa I^ucla 104, Gratify IW, Morana 102, Itossmore 1("6, Ityron • ron 104.
Nebula 104; : *.-
ir|Or» FOL'KTH RACK— One mile; Felling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
, ■• .
Ind^x. HorFf. Age. \\»;)rht.iSt. ".Jm. 'jm. ?;m. Str. Fin. "j Jockeys. Betting.
■ - ■ ■" ■ ' • keys. Op. Cl.
1052 GlehKftber'. 3 0C 3 3 H 2 h 11 14 1 3<£ J. Ward 3 3
1071 . Gilberto 1 93 7 71 66 41 21i 23 Baastnger .... 10 12
1071 Nllgar. 3 104 1 1 IV4 ' ll'i 2 2 3 h 114 McNicholi ... 2 8-5
"1015 Tliyne, 4 11l 5 5h r, >4 6 • 5 3 4 h Ma- klin 5 1
1051 Ju<!ge Wofford. 3...:':! 2 ■ 614 "10 710 60 5 3 J. Rciff 4 8
Vf.l Anchor*-!. 3 S* S 4>4 4»i 3»i 4 M 6 4 Holmes 6 12
1035 Roulette /Wheel; 4.:. 107 4 2 3Vi 3^ ( 1 710 715 IJcDklns 3 9
IS 25,
Tlme—v; :2.*.'/i". H :50'i; »i, 1:17; mile, l:44'i. Winner. H. L. Jones £- Co.'s b. c. by
Morello-MISH I»u. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Glengaber ran kindly. Gilberto thowed Improving form. Nllgar quit. Anchored will
not do.
Srratrhc-d— Cleodr.ra 61. Hannah • eld 95. Portia 93.
inC7 FIF-?H RACE-Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds' and upward; purse, $400.
mo (. : .
■
I !!■ KlnK.
Index. Hnrpe. Age Weight. St. V4tn. l Am. Km. Etr. Fin. ; Jockeys. Op C\.
(1051) H<ilKh Tio, 4. 100 5 ... 2h 21% 2la lh Jenklni 2 2
10C3' Horatio, 5 112 r, ... <■, h 5 3 3 3 2 2 Glover ... 0 6
(1072) Sly. 5 113 1 ... r. 14 6Vi 4 3 3 3 W. Narvaez.. 3 7-2
SSS Highland Hall, 4. ..112 2 ... 11 12 11 4 '<, Holmes 9 15
(10C4) -Mocorito, 4 lor, 3 ... :■■ iMi 6 : 0 2 Stewart g 10
i'*i6 Key Hooker, 3 h>2 10 ... '.'1 M 7 1 6 3 Rutherford... 15 25
1070 Etta H. 5 in 7 ... 8h 7'i 8 2 7 2 IMngley .. 8 10
!'S2 Ping. 4 112 4 ... m SH 5Hi 8 3 Macklin 20 40
]Or,K Teixotto, 6 111 11 ... 10 ft B 9 93 ' Ames 10 7
ins; Klnstein. 4 ..107 8 ...12 10 10 10 4 Baßslnger .... 30 40
r<9l Benamt-la, 6 11112 ... 11 Mi 11 11 11 Glover 20 100
(1070) Amasa, 4 W 9 ... 4 1 12 12 12 Cole 5 12
~ Time— V*. :25«4: >i.:4»^; %. ; ltloti. Winner, C. Lind's b. m. by Hlmyar-Janet. Straggling
Mart. Won first three driving.
Horatio be.st. Highland Ball probably short. Ray Hooker ran a smashing race. Etta
II was pore. Ping found pace too hot. Arna«a away poorly.
Snatched— Aluminum 107, Rieardo 108, Don Lull 107, Ann Page 93, C. H. Harrison Jr. 95
_%™-_
Btr.
Fin.
Jockey*.
Betting.
Op Cl
I 2
C 6
3 7-2
8 IS
8 10
It 23
8 10
20 40
10 7
30 40
20 100
■ 5 12
• /woo SIXTH ka< i; h* furlongs; handicap; three-jrear-olda and upward; 1 .
r, S
•i
-
llnthus, 3
. 901 3
-
l
>;m.
'■fern.
SI h
2 4
3 1
5
| I
1 H
9 fi
? s
3 2
.£■ .
_4_4
Str.
IX%
2 2
3 1
.5.
4 1
1
Fin. [ Jockeys. Op Cl.
1 IV4 J. ReifT .'To" iT-5
2 1 ICoburo in so
: ' i Jenkjni .1-2 9-2
i h McNlchola .. 7 1:,
5_ m J Stewart.
.\irc Weight.
';m.
Time— H, :24H: V 4, :4SVi; \, 1:14*4. Winner, Duke & Wlshard^s b. c. by lllmyar-Alleen
Aroon. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ailyar much the best. Genua hung on gamely. Jenkins waited too lone with Rosor-
mon'le." Tony I.icalzl needs resting up.
Scratched— Lost Girl 88, Harry Thoburn 97 j ■
A TRANSPORT SPEAKING A DERELICT.
THE tramp steamer Elihu Thomson, while on her way from Honolulu to San Francisco, lost her pro
peller, and was left at the mercy of the wind and waves. The transport Senator, from San Francisco
for Manila, spoke the derelict and took off twelve of the crew and one passenger. The captain and offi
cers and eight men stayed by the ship. The tug Relief went out last night to search for the derelict and
bring her into port.
pi ess on the face of the deep. Captain
Patterson offered to take tit.- entire crew
of the derelict aboard, but Captain Whit
ney decided to stand by his vessel. As he
had only one serviceable lifeboat, how
ever, he decided to keep eight men aboard
and put the others on the Senator. Those
who were transferred to the Senator were
S. Fulm< Purser Bryan and eleven fire
men and coal passers. Two months' sup
plies were put aboard the Thomson and
the Senator steamed away for Honolulu.
The derelict was then in latitude 34 deg.
2 mm. .north, longitude 132 deg. 14 mm.
west.
Early on Tuesday morning last the Sen
ator and Moana met. Captain Patterson
signaled that he wanted to communicate
so Captain Carey stopped his vessel. A
boat was lowered from the Senator and
the thirteen men from the Elihu Thomson
were put aboard the mall boat. When the
Thomson and Senator parted company
Captain Whitney told Captain Patterson
that he ligured his vessel would drift
twelve miles off the regular course every
twenty-four hours. When Captain Carey
reached the position in which the derelict
was last seen he searched for eighty
miles in every direction, but could find
no trace of her. As the mails had to be
here In time the Moano had to be put on
her course and arrived here yesterday
Ing.
The Relief that went out last night to
THE SAN FBAjNTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
look for the derelict took a fortnight's
supply of coal along. Upon reaching the
latitude and longitude given by the
Moana, Captain Clem Randall will begin
a systematic search for the missing ves
sel. If successful the. Relief should get
back the latter part of next week.
The Moana reached Apia in time to see
the warships shelling the town. The na
tives were not to be seen, as they were
back in the brush, but many of them
were supposed to have been killed. A
few passengers from Samoa came up on
the steamer, but all are afraid to talk,
as they are in business in Apia. W. E.
Cochrane says Malietoa is King just as
far as the American and British guns
can carry, and that everywhere else Ma*
taafa reigns supreme. He considers the
war a disgrace to civilization, and says
he believes Captain White of the Phila
delphia and the captain of the British
cruiser Tauranga were opposed to Admi
ral Kautz's programme. According to
Cochrane Mataafa and his thirteen chiefs
gave the best government to Samoa the
Islands had ever Known. Mali' tea ho
calls a stripling called into power by the
London Missionary' Society, and he as
serts thai the whole trouble is largely
due to "jingoes" from New Zealand, who
want to gain control of affairs.
On the evening of April 24 Dr. Robert
Mcßurney. surgeon of the Moana. died
of congest) of the lungs. He was taken
sick a few days after leaving Auckland
and he died almost as the ship came in
sight of Samoa. His remains were bur
ied at Apia, the ship's crew attending the
funeral in a body.
The transport Newport had not reached
Honolulu when the Moana left there, on
April 28, at 11 p. m. The Rio de Janeiro.
Newport and Warren left here in the or
der named on April 20. On April 27 the
Rio reached Honolulu and the Warren
made port a few hours later. .The New
port is a faster vessel than either the
Rio I. Janeiro or Warren, but her long
passage may be accounted for by the fact
that she is under charter by the day,
while the Rio carries the mall and ha
te' make her run on schedule time, and
the Warren is a Government vessel. No
anxiety is felt for the safety of the New
port. She is simply saving coal, and
Uncle Sam is paying $800 a day for it.
The Moana brings the news that the
German cruiser Cormoran while on her
wav from China to Samoa went on a reef
in 'the Bismarck archipelago. For six \
days she hung on to the ledge between j
Kaiser Wllhelmland and New Ireland,
and she was only got off after her guns
had been moved aft. She finally reached
Brisbane, and was to go to Sydney, N.
S. XV., to be put on the drydock for re
pairs. j
An Overdose of Yen Shee.
Lee Quong Sing, the Chinese arrested
Thursday for stabbing Lung Hing and
Tong Bun Bayou, undertakers, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday and was
Instructed aid arraigned on two charges
of assault to murder. The cases were
continued till May 13. On his way hack to
the Cltv Prison Lei Quong Sing swal
lowed an overdose of yen shee with sui
cidal intent. Mo was hurried to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he soon recovered
after the usual remedies had been ap
plied.
. ♦ .
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, c .ncr Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
■ ♦ ■
Autopsy Physician Arrested.
When the case of P. A. Donovan,
charged with murdering the old man, Al
exander Jardine, with an ax. was called
In Judge Mogan's court yesterday after
noon Dr. Zabala, the autopsy physician,
who had been summoned as a witness.
failed to make his appearance. The Judge
Issued an attachment against him and he
was arrested and booked tit the City
Prison. Captain Splllane released him on
his own recognizance.
•_■ ♦ «
.Beautiful Photo-Chromatic full page
picture free with to-day's News Letter.
_ — . ■ —
Many Sea Lions Killed.
Deputy Fish Commissioner A. XV. Wil
son returned yesterday from the rookeries
at Point Reyes, where he has been kill
ing sea lions for the past week. Owing
to the fact that the slain animals imme
diately sink from sight and nearly all of
the wounded soon die it is impossible to
tell the number destroyed. However, the
number was large, even though the herds
there were much smaller than they were
a month ago. The herd? seem to have de
parted for the Farallon Islands.
®+®+® 4 ®+®4® 4 4- ®+®4® 4 ®4®4®^®4®^4®*®^®'*'®>®'*-®*®^®
I ANOTHER MAN CURED ! J
4- — ♦
® His Relief Comes From ®
♦ d___t_WM_^ _t^__ DR# SAINDEN'S' BELT, ®
♦..' I^^^M^^^^^^l Rheumatism, Indigestion. Catarrh +
_ •__roTTlr?* a =*«- __^--S*(! 241 ' ; Putter *'■• i " "' Francisco, April 7, 1X99. ®
T Igi^iRPSiSJ?-^-^^^ Dear Sir: On May 31 last I purchased one X
® '-i§FS_-'*^*flr"'"^ -_W of voir Belts for rheumatism, indigestion and ft
■4- m 'Jt_i_.*jf_l>W catarrh, having suffered with the same for 4
I ® _j£L *X>^"'"^y twenty-five years. after experimenting with ft
' 4 /fit ' ' >s_*-^ varloua medicines, etc., 1 found no relief until X
ft ' ' I tried your wonderful Belt. Within a week ft
X -.*'. , from first using it I began to get relieved, and i
ft iclXe In three months was entirely cured, and have ft
X **I''\Z not been troubled since. 1 feel very grateful V
T S/»«2. f or what the Bell has done for me and can X
-i* ilc-j^* cheerfully recommend it to all sufferers who ( i
ft. "^vS/*?" are ailing as I was. Yours very sincerely, X.
X W*^ C * A * STEINIXGEB. ®
® There Is only one cure for the pains and weakness which result from a <§
± loss of vitality, and that cure Is Properly- applied Electricity. Consider the +
® thousands who are being cured by Dr. Sanden a E "etric Belt, see how §
*♦• they shout out loud their deep gratitude for being lifted once more to the .
® level of men; hear their heartfelt thanks to the doctor for his Invention. J
+ They proclaim the fact that this grand Belt is the only certain cure for «;
® C Book U exj e fialns everything, and is worth $100 to any man who is weak in ® !
> nerves, muscles or vital parts. It is free; sealed, by mall or at office. Call +
® or write to-day. ®
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. H. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manager, |
t 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S.F. SEND FOR MY BOOK, -4
+ And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," X.
/J, oifict Hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays. _.__.'**" A
'V 10 to 1. NEVEK SOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE. ,®
®*®4® ♦ ®+®+® -♦• ®>® +® _+_+®+ ®4®*f S > ®*r®+® -4* ®-f® 4 ®4_4-c_ .
BOOKIES HAD A
PROFITABLE DAY
AT OAKLAND
Three Warm Choices
Bowled Over.
— ♦ —
SEVOY IN FRONT AT 25 TO 1
— • —
AILYAR MADE A GALLOP OF THE
HANDICAP.
♦ -
Heigh Ho Downed Horatio a Scant
Head — May McCarty, Played for
a Killing-, Practically Left
at the Post.
The winning horses at Oakland yester
day were difficult to pick and the books
recouped their losses of the day before.
Benroe, Heigh Ho and Allyar were the
successful favorites.
The Burns & Waterhouse colt San !
Tomas again proved a disappointment in \
the opening two-year-old dash. Heavily
played at odds of 6 to 5, the youngster
finished third. Tar Hill made all the run
ning, beating out Flush of Gold a length
In a drive.
Corrigan's Cabrlllo looked to be nicely
placed in the seven furlong run that fol
lowed, and ruled favorite at 6 to 5. After
racing out in front and killing off the
"warm one," Loch Ness, the Corrigan
entry, was in turn collared and downed a
head by Sevoy, a 25 to l shot, well ridden
by Hahn. 1
After reeding in the betting from 2 to
4 to 1, Benroe captured the third number
on the. card, a six furlong sprint. Bill
Dingley had the mount, and moving up in
the stretch from fifth position beat Maj
esty out a head. Ruiz managed to finish
just beyond any part of the money with
the favorite. Bueno. May Met 'arty,
played from 20 down to 6, was practically
left.
Glengaber came out in full enjoyment
of one of his running streaks, placing the
mile selling run to the credit of Hughey
Jones, Passing the favorite, Nilgai*,
astride which McNlchols was hard at
work at the stretch turn, the Morello
horse reached the wire four lengths
ahead of Gilberto. The winner was sec
ond choice In the ring.
Heigh Ho, nicely ridden by Jenkins, car
ried off the fifth purse. The mare was
blessed throughout with the best of rac
ing luck, and in a fierce drive defeated
Horatio a short head. Glover, on the
latter horse, was interfered with the first
part of the route, or he would have won.
Sly ran third.
The six furlong handicap went to
Allyar, the 2 to 6 favorite, which won
easily from Genua.
Track Notes.
The programme this afternoon is about
as Striking a conglomeration of trashy
racing material that could be brought to
gether comparing not unfavorably with
a Christmas turkey plucked of all Its
feathers. The handicap is so ridiculous as
to border on the sublime. .:, '-"._- -..,■■ :_■
Oscuro was a tip extensively backed by
inhabitants of the Mission warm belt.
They all returned home wearing over
coats.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries tor this .afternoon s
running events;
First Race— One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1031 Reolia ni 1056 Major Hooker.. KM
1077 Ki'rnu'lla lOi 1032 Darechota 102
I<j77 favallo 108 1
f=p( md Race— One mile; maiden three-year
olds and upward; selling.
1060 "Wheat King 106, 1077 Lomo 123
1067 Flacon U'J 1060 Sylvan I-ifs l"l
Henry C 122 1060 Bid Me 1"1
... Gibbettifllbbet .121 1080 Chispa 101
1067 Hannah Reid.. .lol 1067 Alhaja 101
y29 Ledaea 101
Third Rare— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
an Si.ikis: j!"
1078 Hindoo Princ's.liO (1073)Oremus 115
8 9 Lomond US 1036 Kitty Kelly 123
(1024) Golden Ru1e... .123
Fourth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward.
1074 P. A. Finneganll2 JO6S Tempo 1">
1075 Rapido 10S 1075 Grady 11^
1047 Paul Kruger....llo
Fifth Race— Onp :tnd a sixteenth miles; four
year-olda and upward: sellinp.
1075 New Moon 103 10S7 Benamela 105
1076 Koadrunner 108 W7"' Opponent Til
1077 Don Vallejo....n:> 1061 Glen Anne 102
Sixth Race — One and an eighth miles; handi
cap.
<l"..4iStamina 102 1050 Morana 80
(1074) Daisy F 104 978 Outright SO
1074 Hingmaster S7
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Major Hooker, CavallO, Reolia.
Second Race— Sylvan Lass. Alhaja, Flacon.
Third . Race — Golden Rule, Oremus, Kitty
Kelly.
Fourth Race— P. A. Flnnegan, Tempo, Rapido.
Fifth Race— Opponent, Glen Anne, Benamela.
Sixth Race— Stamina, Daisy F, Ringmaster.
Abolish the Death Penalty.
At Albany the law-makers are wrangling
over the abolition of the death penalty. The
man who succeeds in passing such a bill will
prove as greut a benefactor to the breaker of
man's laws as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has
to the breaker of nature's laws. If you've
nesltot<'d your stomach until indigestion, con-
Btlpation, biliousness, liv»>r and kidney troubles
are upon you there's but one cure— Hostetter's
Stomach Hitters. Don't fall to try it. All
druggists sell it.
SD? M EYERS MtO.=i
i *-___$__? lOf i C^r r* j [• i -VJ9
\D_* M EYERS ytO.=i
73! MarKetaX^nfrancisco^
CANCER
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.P.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
\\\\\\Wm_\\\[_^ =^ Dealers.in Firearms,
F#'_s3&^^ ***"^ Fishiup: Tackle, and
j^**^ Sporting Goods of Every Des.
crlptlon. Highest (.ash Prices
_ld for Khw Furs.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue.
__y^^y WHEN YOU
/^ej^-^?r'*^-'^^§L Require an E__C-
J^^nICJ^^TRIC BELT get. "Dr.
z*^|t_^^^^i^ Pierces" and you wi!!
'- not be disappointed.
"V^T" Ca" or dress pierce
'» ELECTRIC CO.. -_0
Hirt»» tU (opp. r-ltc. Hote), S. F.
Q Visit jjfi. JORBAfTS 3r-a«
*J%i Kuseum of Anatomy
jW-Sft, ion _I_v3SIT ST. ts'-. Cth a ?*._,, s.r. caL
fi °7| fi The Largest of Its kindin the World.
l^fflL\\ DR. JORDAN—Private Diseases.
RT[ of Marriage.
S~^l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M-r><F*'."*\ '-*"* "»*«"*>■••*• NT- Kstnbllsbecl
B_fi^^_tt '" '**s'* or tne treatment of Private
\_-_l\__m ''''ens'"--. Lost Manhood. Debility or
■ '''"if'^sil disease wearing on body and mind and
V'Sw'.Sv'?'! skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
2j_S__Ba^ others full. Try him. Charges low
2Nt_S__iSSt____i 4'nre*guaranteed. Callorwrita
3>r. J. _■*■ •initio.**. K<»-k ::».".?..Sai. Franclscu
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jLj^ Steamers leave Broadway
lybf.^ wharf, San Francisco:
l\_^ss_?*»_. F.t Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
_&ro_3e-J__- May ••• c- ■■• - r> ' -x- :6 * 31:
E&. _B_Sy_Hi June :<; change at Seattle.
{XJ% w i-'or Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fM*?_2r*&-\i C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
HSb Oleoma. Kverett, Anacortcs
nnd New Whatcom (Wash.).
™ 10 a. m., May 1. 6. 11, 16, 21,
26, 31; June 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C, P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May 4.
9. 14, 19, 24. 29; June 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Oaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4. 8, 12. 16. 20, 24, 28;
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May '.'. 6, 10. 14. IS, 22. 26. 30; June 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For EnMnsda, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
t*"abn, Mazallan. A|tata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
anil hours of sailing.
TICK OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
in Market "t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAQP *?12 First Class Including Berths
rMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia rails April 23; May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May S.
_, 18
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all point* In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
6SO Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINK to HAVRE-PARIS. ,-f-eto,,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <__%__s&_]£
from Pier 42, North River, foot of*«»«»
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20: LA TOURAINE.
May. 27; LA GASCOGNE, June 3: LA CHAM-
PAGNE, June 10. First-class to Havre. US and
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45*. 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA,. 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific. Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
JTrunclsco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. I
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear , signature of /^_^^V
i — ■
Very small anil as easy
to take as sugar.
see pfffl FOR *3ACHE. see
* LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
GENUINE f JWr BILIOUSNESS. GENUINE
GENUINE ifivFß for torpid liver. GENDINE
1 PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER JsLLS-SSSiSSIm wrapper
WKArrER ,jJMi Iforthecomplexiom " ttArr£fi
_ . Gm_X\JM-*l_l MUST HAVtSjpNATUWe. ___
25 Cents I Purely Ve^etaftle-x^w^^^y:
"p»K,I3STTE_D 03ST RED F^__P___!_E?,."
OCEAN TKAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW 70RK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May Sll't. Louis May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE. ;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 IWesternland ....May 2*
Friesland May 10 ■ Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 1 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
JO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner Firsthand Bran nan streets, l p. m., for
YOKOHAMA ami HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and i
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day j
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MAIM Thursday, June 1.
NIPPON MAIM' Tuesday, June 27
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
PM*C__.M*%l&_l P. S. Moana sails I
1 £7(1 fI IE via Honolulu and j
i* t «*■■«■•• Auckland for Sydney
y Wednesday, May 17, ■
(i / I' > at ** c p. m. Australia '
G/IMI,!JIiIU The for * Australia
HUJIIUIiIU Fall „ for n onolulu
@iPR_b at'^'mf' Ma * '?.-
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market Si.
"HAMBURG- AMERICAN^
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS-HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Pirpct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 'I'll Agents Pacific Crust,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. .1 CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m. '■.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. .i i.
dally [excepting Sunday). . -'-'.-".
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. rues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Friday-.
1 p. in. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. i
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50 c
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ~
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:61
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. i-; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
f SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
S:4O, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:85 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 1 April 16, ; .
Week Sun- 1599, Sun- Week !
Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. '10:40 am | 8:40 am I
. 8:30 pin 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pmi 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pin- Santa K-isa. 7:30 pm 6:20 pm,
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 110:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 am .
j 8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
7:20 ami 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm ,H
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am( 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ] 6:03 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
i 8:30 pm| 5:00 pm: i 7:35 pm 0:20 pm :
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West i
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop.
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
i Kelseyvlh'e. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Rartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. J
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Huilviile.
Boonevlile, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs. I
Jfavarro, Whltesboro, Albion. Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, T'sal, Willltts, Laytonvllle. Cum« ;
tning's. Bell's Springs, Harris, • Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at i
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points ;
beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St.. Chronicle bldg. j
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Osoeral Manager. Geo. Pass. Agent. [
1 NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
, FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00, *9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
, •1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 6:15, **6:UO. 6:30 p. m.
: EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
i and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^OO. *9:00, - •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. »1:45, »2:30. «4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. "10:29
a. m. ; 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, '9:43. '10:45, '11:45
a. M.i 1:00. 2:20. »3:10. *6:15. «6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—6:4S, 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
a. m. ; 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. m. r •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:0», |
1:20. 2.40. 3:56. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. no. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
-Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 1:46 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
SOI Till: K.N l*A)ltI( 4'll-tl -*.--« T.
(pacific system.)
Tralna lean- »ml me due to nrrlve ■(
NAN lIUMIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — army*
•0:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •B:_3a
7:00 a Benicis, Suisun and Sacramento . 9i43r
"iOii.\ Marysrille, Orovilleaud Hedding via
Woodland a:_»P
7:0Oa Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey Bt4ftp
*:3i»a Martinez, SanßAiuoii.Vailejo Naps,
(,'ali-it-ga and Mauta lto3a 0:13p
8:00 a Atlautic Bxpren, Ogdeu and Hast.. 8i415f
Bii'Oa San .lose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerville,
Marysville, Cliico, Red Bluff *il»p
Bi'Soa "Milton, Oakdale and Sonora _:15p
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, I.atiirop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno I8«15p
SiOOa Fresno, BakeMtield, Santa lUrliara,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:4.1 p
IO:OOa Valiejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45*
I2:00m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra- «,
mtnto, Mendota. Hanford, Visalia,
PorterTille 4:l»p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *8:80f
4:iior Martinez, San Uamon, Valiejo,
Napa, OuHntdga, Santa Ross Silßa
4)00p Henicia, A 7 acavllle, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Ornville 18:48s
_i_Op Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7i8»»
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond lttlSr
s:oo**' The Owl. Fre«no, llakersiield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:43.1
•'."isOOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago sod East "B:4Ss
S:SOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno __2:15r
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojave and I.os Angeles 8:43*
ft: 3ol- Santa Fo Route, Atlantlo Express
for Mojave and East 6:43p
BxoBp European Mall, Ogden and Kant.... 9:4.1 a
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45*
•6:00 1- Valiejo ISilf*
7iOOp Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marya.
viile, Redding, Portland, l'uget
.Sound and East 7:43*
tfliOOp Valiejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions o:3B_r
flOiOSp Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
■_ and East 11;43y
SAN LEANIfKO AMI HATWABDS LOCAL.
j (Foot oi Market Street.)
"1 He-li'doe, Seminary Park, ( o:t3a
8:OOa Utrliiiiii.;, Klmliiirsl. r;u:ir»4
i!):OOA San Lenmtro, South Sss (*B:4Ba
io.ooa Lenndro, Kstudlllo, 1«i:4.1a
iIIiOOa ■ Lorenzo, i'lierry • '* , /I'^* v
i'tioop and I2:4.*ip
»«___' Haywards. g:_"?
•"*-•' i Runs through to Niles '2:15?
) t From Niles. i. *'*
COAST liTvTslON (Narrow 4':ui_,-e).
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion fur Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:05»
8:13 a Newark.! Vntervlllr. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
- Stations 5:30»
*3:15p Newark. Centervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Prlnciiial Way
Stations .*. "1 0:304
4:13p San .lose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
' , tions O:2©A
Hi I rip Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
; tlona /9:2U4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
• from SAN mKClSl'O— foot of Merket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:0 11:00 A.M. Jl:03 »2:00 13:08
•<:00 15:00 '6:00 p.m.'
fromOAlUßD— roolifßros-f-aj.— "r-'OO 8:00 10:00*.*.
tl2:00 •1:00 t2:00 '3:00 1 1:00 ____M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad lia-ise).
' (Third nnd Townsend Sta.) J
•6:IOa South San Francisco «0:3 Op
•7:00 a Han Jose and Way Stations New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:*lOp
17 :80.v Sunday Excursion fur San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grovo and
Principal Way Stations JB:33p
OiOOa San .lose, Tros Piitos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso llubtes, San
Luis Oliispo, Giiadalupo, Surf and
. i; . Principal Way Stations 4:l8p
I«:40a Sail Jose and Way Stations «8:00 a
i 11:80 a San Jose and Way Stations 3:30?
■Bt4BpBan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
j . Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
Gilroy, Hnllister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacilic
drove '10:38 a
•_:3«p San Jose and Way Stations •'J:OOs
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 9:45 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Wav Stations 8:30*
3:30 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:3.*sa
6:3»p San Jose and Way Stations 7:3»»p
tll:l3i' San Jose and Way Stations ■ 7:30p
A for Moniing. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. J Sunday only. I Saturdays only.
•[Mondays only. ISaturday and Sunday.
Sunday and Monday.
California
Limited
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves Sari
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
I SAM FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 628 MARKET .1,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. .
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street,
Son Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
j From Jan. tS, 189S, trains, Will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
i Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
I Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
I 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmj 6:00 pm
! 9:10 ami 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pml 1:13 pm
! 10:4' ami 3:35 pm Fresno 9:30 ami -. 12 pm
I 11:38 am 7:4.*. pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:45 pm
j 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:26 pm Visalla 6:40 am. 1:22 pm
12:16 pm| 6:63 pmj Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping nt Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
; street. San Francisco. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via- Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1539.
WEEK DA VS. 9:30 a. m and .:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. C. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. .-.nd 1:45. 2:31
■ • - and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. II 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD,
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest
time between principal cities jn the United
State, and Mexico,
No change qf cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars daily between San
Antonio, Texas, and the City of Mexico and
j Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
I Zacatecae Aquas ial entes, San Luis Potosl,
I Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of general
I passenger department to attend to Inspection
of tsgage, exchange of money, etc.
For further Information call on or address
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP. ..r
General Freight and Passenger Agent, -
Eagle Pass, Texas.
910
THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC ONCE
MORE BEATEN
+
Cannot Capture the
Local Travel.
— —♦ —
WITHDRAWS ITS TRAINS
— ♦ —
OPPOSITION TO HAYWARDS IS
VICTORIOUS.
♦ — -
The Hourly Service Has Been Abol
ished After Having Been Run
at a Loss for Over
Two Years.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May i.
The Southern Pacific Railroad lias j
given up its light against the Haywards
electric ad. having been thoroughly
beaten; and has withdrawn from the con- ]
test. This fact will be made known In
a few days, when the time-tables now in
course of preparation are Issued.
Two years ago the travel 01 the elec
tric road was so large that the Southern
Pacific determined that it would, If pos- j
Bible] procure a share of it. It announced j
that it would run last local trains to
Haywards from Oakland ever*, hour, and j
as the trip can be made in less than half
an hour it was expected that the nun- ;
dreffs of people who patronized the elec
tric road would be won oyer to the rail
road company, as the fares were the |
same.
This expectation was not realized, ow
ing largely to the fact that when the j
Southern Pacific established its depot at
Haywards it was built about a mile from I
the town, and a railroad iiorsecar line
ran from the junction to Haywards. This
practice o_ building depots .1 mile from -
town has been follewed very largely by j
the Southern Pacific, in the hope that it
would draw the town around its own j
property. In many instances it has sue
< ceded," but in the case of Haywards it.
was a dire failure, and the depot m the
marsh has never been used except by \
those who were forced to patronize it.
The electric road from Oakland to Hay
wards, wnich was opened about five years
a_.i. runs along the county road and dl
rectly through the town of Hayward as I
well "a through all the little towns en j
route. The half hourly service proved
more acceptable than the hourly service
of the Southern Pacific, although the time,
occupied is twice as long. For a long time
the hourly train left the pier and ran to
Haywards. It consisted of a lone coach
and locomotive and presented a solitary
appearance Hying along the marsh, fre
quently with not more than one or two
passengers in it. So easy has the travel
become that the conductor was frequently !
joked about taking his sleep when on the ,
Haywards local.
A few months ago about half of the
local trains were withdrawn, more re
cently all but two or three were taken off:
and now information is given out at the :
pier that the tight is entirely ended. The
new time-tables will show no hourly ;
trains to Haywards, and no more than
there were before the electric road carved j
all thai was worth having out of the local j
travel.
CONSTABLES KEPT AT
BAY BY A WOMAN
TOR MONTHS SHE HAS BEEN A
LOCAL TERROR.
Pulls Out Her Hair on the Street and
Threatens to End the Careers
of Her Neighbors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
90S Broadway, May 5.
Constables Weedier and Williamson and
a small army of deputies were lgnominl
ously beaten to-day by an old woman. < In
Valley street lives a Mrs. O'Connell, who
for a long time has been a cans, of an
noyance to the neighbors and the trouble
is steadily increasing. Mrs. O'Connell Is
believed to be suffering from mental aber
ration. She has never yet done any phys
ical Injury' except to herself, and this ha.-*
consisted of going out on the street oc
casionally and tearing tufts of hair from
her head. She has made serious threats
against all her neighbors.
Complaint had been made to the con
stables, and having, procured sufficient
evidence to at least justify an examina
tion by the Lunacy Commission into Mrs.
O'Connell's condition, the tables went
to the house this afternoon to escort the
lady to the Receiving Hospital. They
came back without her.
Mrs. O'Connell saw the stables ap
proaching the house, flew in, locked the
doors; bolted the windows, pulled down
the blinds and finally peered out of an
upper window, amusing herself by invit
ing the outwitted constables to come in.
Every effort was made i. effect a peace
able entrance, but as there was no justifi
cation to accept the lady's invitation by
the help of force, the peace officers re
tired.
Armed with a warrant they will storm
Mrs. O'Connell's citadel to-morrow. A
hard task is anticipate.! as it is believed
the lady has fortified herself against In
truders.
OPENING OF CARNIVAL.
Hundreds of Native Daughters in
Charge of Booths.
OAKLAND, May s.— The Golden Carni
val of the Native Sons ami Daughters
will open to-nlghl at the Exposition build*
ing. The large annex has been very
elaborately orated and many of the
booths are very clever -works of art. The
booths are in charge of the following com
mittees:
Doll booth— Mrs. Emma Munson (chairman),
assisted by Miss Ada Madge, Miss Sophie
Madge. Mr». IC. .1. Itardon. Miss Jennie Chri_
toffersen. Miss Elsie stoffersen and Miss
Gladys Munson.
Postoffice booth— Miss Madeline Edgar (chair
man), assisted by Miss May Mulvey, Miss
1! Deifenbach, Mis. Fannie Henderson, Miss
Minnie Deitenbai h.
Lemonade booth— Mrs. Tillie Paul (chair
man), assisted by Miss Addle Paul, Miss Alice
T. bin Miss Louis.- Jacobsen, Miss E. Weld
ler.
Dewey victory booth— Mrs. m Persen (chair
man), assisted by Mrs. A. Knabbe, Mrs. L.
Murden, Miss Mabel Paul and Miss Waldron.
ice cream booth— Mrs. A. I. Prick (chair
man), assisted by Mrs. Dais) Sommers, Miss
Lena EOugel, Miss Alma Boch, Miss Josie
Long, Miss F. Rickard, Miss H. Klugel,
Miss rohannah Kliif-el. Miss Kittle Good. Miss
Shuel; Miss Mabel Perry and Miss Ki«t.erald.
Candy booth— Mrs. A. Mac Donald (chairman),
assisted by Mrs. Sarah Bracken, president of
Alta Parlor Xo. ■'. Ban Francisco, and Miss
Leila Bracket t.
Paul's castle — Mrs. M. Dennis (chairman),
assisted by Miss Mamie MarcoVich, Miss Laura
Bader, Miss Kelley, Miss T. Graser, Miss A.
Kemp*, Miss A. Borlen, Miss L. Borien and
Miss H. Savage. Gentleman assistants George
Duddy and W. H. Dennis.
Gypsy amp Mrs. Anna Wood (chairman),
assisted by Miss Laura Wood and Mrs. Car
lie Insraham.
Black Bear Inn— Mrs. N. C N'oblett (chair
man), asslstetd by Miss Theresa i run and
Miss Minnie Deifenbach.
Soda water booth- Mrs. Bamett (chairman),
assisted by Miss Lou Kellogg and Miss Mamie
< lady.
Aprons and neckties — Miss (5. Surryhne
(rhalrman), assisted by Miss Amanda Ham
merley. Miss Ida Kramer and Mies Lena Ham
merley.
Japanese booth— Dr. A. Bennett-Nash (chair
man), assisted by Mrs. Halcyon Hancock, Miss
Duddy. Miss Irene Bluett, Miss Maud King,
Miss ' Marguerite MeConnell and Miss Lucy
Weeks.
Button and badge booth— Mrs. Georgle Woods
(chairman), assisted by Miss Annie Etodgers,
Miss Mary Rodgers and Miss Sadie Jacob;
May pole dancers and grotto fairies will be
the following little girls: Miss Addle Samp
son Miss Mac Oummlnjfs, Miss Edith Pelton,
Mis-- Grace Swan well, Miss Ida Dobby, Miss
Jiessle Howden and Miss Sarah Flfer.
Perfumery booth— Miss Carrie Sands (chair
man), asi-isted by Miss Mamie Calais. Miss
Aniline le I'M'tti, Miss Lou Caton and Miss
Amelia Sands.
MINISTER OF LANDS
FOR NEW ZEALAND
HON. JOHN McKENZIE, M.P.
HON. JOHN McKENZIE, Minister of Lands and Agriculture for New
Zealand and member of Parliament representing the county elector
all of Walhemo, arrived on the Moana with his wife and daughter
yesterday and engaged apartments at the Occidental. Mr. McKenzle
Is on his way to his birthplace, Ardross, In Rosshlre. Scotland, and will be
absent from' the colonies for about seven months, returning In time for the
January elections. He will also visit England on official business. - : ;'
Mr. McKenzle has been a power in New Zealand politics for the past
thirty years and has an unbeaten record. He Is of the Liberal party, which
has been in power since 890, and he has held his present office since that time.
He Is the most advanced land legislator in the world and is the author of
the land for settlement act, which has done more fur his Government than
all other legislation combined. This act enables Parliament to appropriate
money for the purchase of large estates from the owners and cutting' them
up In small areas. In speaking on the subject last evening, Mr. McKenzle
said:
4- "Large numbers of settlers have taken advantage of this act, which may *♦"
i"- said to be the mainstay of our Government. During the five years the -♦-
act has been In operation fifty-eight estates, comprising 245,534 acres, have 4
"*" been purchased at a cost of £1,216,482. The lands are not resold, but a 999- a
"*" year lease is given, which practically allows the benefit of the freehold to
*♦■ the new tenant. Seven hundred houses have been erected, from which £61.497 "*"
4- is derived in rentals. The Cheviot estate, which was recently purchased by "♦"
li. a special act for £371,000 for its 84,000 acres, rents for £14,500 a year. While the -♦-
population was only eighty when the estate was bought, there are now over 4.
1500 people within Its confines. The Government exacts a return of 5 per cent +.
■*" on the purchase price in rentals and the settlers are In a prosperous condition. .
♦ "We have established an agricultural department in connection with the Z.
"T. Land Office, which bar- also accomplished a great deal of good. Connected
+ with it are a biologist, entomologist, veterinary surgeons, fruit and poultry
+ experts, dairy commission, dairy instructor, dairy produce graders and In- "**"
.4. ectors of stock. These last instruct the people where factories are started *♦*
for the manufacture of dairy produce. In the winter months dairy schools -4.
are established, where applicants are Instructed to become dairy experts. +
■*■ The dairy industry act, which ! also fostered, provides for cool cars on
+ railway trains and cool storage at the points of shipment. The produce is
+ graded by the dairy graders and a report sent to the consignor and the con- "***'
+ slgnee. *♦*
"Last year we exported 106,840 hundredweight of butter and 78,705 hundred- -♦•
weight of cheese at a marketable price of over a million sterling. New 2_ea- _*.
**" land produced over 12,000,000 bushels of wheat last year and exported 7,000,000 .
"♦" bushels. There was also exported nearly 70,000 hundredweight of frozen beef,
4- worth £75.00); nearly two million hundredweight of frozen mutton, worth one "*"
> million sterling; over a million carcasses of frozen lambs. \worth £600,000, and *♦*
V 148,179,108 pounds of white wool, worth nearly five millions Sterling. When it +
is known that much of this is produced by the small tenants working under +
"*" the land act, an Idea of the complete success of the system may be ob- .
■*-*" tallied. This year's appropriation for purchasing estates is £500,000."
X++ ++ + 44f4f + ♦♦♦ +'4-4;^ -f *♦ +-f + >♦.*♦■ ♦++-f ♦4 f >■>
UNITARIAN WOMEN IN
ANNUAL CONFERENCE
ELIZABETH B. EASTON RE
ELECTED PRESIDENT.
Conference of the Pacific Coast Con
cluded Its Business Session in
Oakland Yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
988 Broadway, May ■"..
The Women's Unitarian Conference of
the Pacific Coast was convened In the
First Unitarian Church, opening this
morning with devotional exercises, fol
lowed by the address of welcome by Pres
ident Miss Elizabeth B. Easton.
Amendments to the constitution were
adopted entitling each branch of the
conference, to one delegate for every ten
members, instead of twenty members.
The usual ports were received, show
ing an advancement, and the following
officers were elected:
President, Miss Elisabeth B. Easton, San
Francisco; first vice president, Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin, San Francisco; second vice president,
Mrs. Thomas 1.. Eliot, Portland, Or.; third vice
president, Mrs. Maurice McMlCkenJ Seattle,
Wash.; recording secretary, Mrs. Charles Ilar
lowe, San Francisco; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. Adam H'-berer, Alameda; treasurer, Mrs.
William S. Wattles, Berkeley.
Directors for California.— Mrs, E. A. Kluegel,
Oakland; Miss Belle I. Smith, Los Angeles.
Directors for Oregon— Mrs. Rosa F. Burrell,
Portland; Mrs. L. W. Sltton. Portland.
Directors for Washington— Mrs. Thomas Slade,
New Whatcom; Mrs. Benjamin Hazeltlne, Se
attle. -''•:'
Representatives— Alameda. Mrs George E.
Plummer; Berkeley, Mrs. William B. Seabury;
Hanford, Mrs. Lizzie Coe; Los Angeles, ;
New Whatcom, Mrs. Thomas Slade; Oakland,
JOSIAH HARDING
VERY MUCH ALIVE
I* LiKe Several Others hje Had Been Posi- ♦
]♦ tively Identified as a Dead Mar). ♦
4 Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway, May 5. '£
.• T OSIAH HARDING is not the man whose mangled remains were picked c»
4 _ j up In the bay and now occupy a grave in the potter's field. A letter a
.* t| received by the Chief of Police yesterday "positively Identified" the un- c»
♦ known, who must have been like at least one-fourth of all the elderly ♦
** men of Oakland. The letter was from a Salvation Army captain formerly 88
'. of Oakland, and who remembered distinctly fitting the old man with cast- ♦'
♦ off garments at the Army Shelter in this city. Nothing could be doubtful *£
SD? about the identification, for Captain Creuss, the writer, remembered well the -*
♦ peculiar malformation ,of the left thumb, which' feature was carefully set V
_ forth in the published descriptions of the unfortunate man. £_
♦ To-day the police reported that the man almost sworn to as being in his *
V grave, a battered corpse, is Josiah Harding, who is a -simile of the pho- *£
.' tograph of the dead man. This unknown has been identified positively six g»
♦ times, and in each instance he has turned up and very forcefully declared ♦
i _ that be is alive. His hair, boot, thumb, trousers and nose have been recog- it
i<£ nlzed by friends, and still the mystery is as mysterious as ever. ♦
*? SS
1 4*si-*S.">5«-»- &♦ S2 ♦ *i^.*li^*44ti4%*r4*T4^ti4t4 4 8S ♦ S8 ♦ S+cS-»«*»*B*B*4
THE SA_N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
Mrs. George W. Bunnell; Portland, Mrs. Grace
Watt Ross.
Society for Christian Work— Mrs. Horatio
Stebbins.
.man's Auxiliary. Second Unitarian Church
—Mrs. M. Drummond.
San Jose, Mrs A A. Leffler: Santa Maria.
Mrs. George C Smith; Seattle, Mrs. J. H.
Allen
Auditing committee— Mrs. George R. Dodson.
Alameda; Mrs. Eva Carlin, Berkeley; Miss
Red ing ton, Oakland.
This afternoon's session was occupied
with the reading of interesting papers
and discussions.
A Suicide's Estate.
OAKLAND, May s.— Joseph Morizio
this afternoon applied in the Superior
Court for special letters of administra
tion on tin- estate of Horace F. Garce
lon. who sent a bullet through his brain
in Alameda on April 24. The value of the
estate is given as $1".00, comprising two
lots in the Enclnal city. The heirs are
the widow, Sarah 1:. Garcelon, aged 60
years, and a daughter, Sarah C. Garce
lon, aged 18.
New Morning Paper.
OAKLAND, May s.— Articles of incor
poration of the Oakland Register Publish
ing Company were filed to-day. The pur
pose of the corporation is to publish a
morning and weekly newspaper, to
do a real estate business and to transact
loans. Th.' capital stock is fixed at $25.
--000, of which the following is subscribed:
H. S. Pugh. $500; John Stewart, $500; S. p.
Tate. $1": N. W. Chamberlain, $10; C. B.
White, $10.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May s— Schr John
D llant, hence April 24.
CASPAR— May h— Stmr Navarro, for
Si. Pedro.
BOWKNS LANDING— May s— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. .
TACOMA— Arrived May s— Stmr Umatilla,
hence May 1.
Sailed May s— Br ship Levernbank. for Liver
pool.
BLUE RIBBONS
FOR A LOCAL
FOX TERRIER
Shannon's Dog Beats
All Comers.
— > —
A VICTORY FOR CALIFORNIA
— ♦ —
KENNEL CLUB SHOW WILL
CLOSE THIS EVENING.
——+
A Parade of All the Successful Candi
dates and Auction Sales Both
in the Afternoon and
Evening.
As the annual dog show of the San Fran- '
Cisco Kennel Club at Mechanics' Pavilion
draws nearer a close the attendance has
Increased noticeably. All day yesterday
—both afternoon and evening— aisles
of the Pavilion were thronged with dog
fanciers.
A ringful of fox-terriers enlivened the j
proceedings during the afternoon. These j
pugnacious little animals struggled with
their handlers in a vain effort to mix mat
ters with other blue-blooded members of
the same family. There was spirited com
petition in this class between the Califor
nia-bred dogs of Dominick Shannon and
those belonging to Rev. J. W. Flinton of
Victoria, B. C. in the puppy class for
dogs Dr. Flinton's Aldon Artist, a winner
at the New York show, was placed first
and Mr. Shannon's Scorcher second. In
the puppy class for bitches Mr. Shannon's
Santa Rosa was awarded the blue ribbon,
the red going to Dr. I-llinton's Victoria
Judy. In the limit class J. B. .Martin's
Golden Sunshine won.
The bench of collies shown by .Verona
kennels presented a pretty picture.' Vero
na Broker, a Verona bred dog now owned
by Joseph 1.. Eppinger, proved a surprise
in the ring. He won first in the puppy
class, novice dogs, limit dogs, open dons
and winners" classes— a clean sweep of all
the honors
One of the most attractive exhibits in
the show is a kennel of seven pointer pup
pies shown by Al Barker of San Jose,
their breeder. They are all nicely marked
and are as active and playful as kittens.
The toy terriers, other than Yorkshires,
were judged late in the afternoon. J. C.
Farley's Moxie carried off the blue rib
bon of honor. The same owner's Midget
captured, the red and Mrs. W. A. Burns'
Muggins third. The dogs are all of the
same family, having been bred by Mr.
Farley.
There is a strange diversity of opinion j
as to the ability of Judge Lacy. All the
winning owners are loud in his praise,
saying he is the best judge ever seen
here. On the other hand the losers are
apparently unable to solve the question
as to who told him he knew anything
about dogs. ;.'■•'.
The show will close to-night. The spe
cials will be judged this afternoon, after
which there will be a parade of the win
ning dogs. This will be repeated in the
evening. There will also be an innova
tion in the form of an auction sale, both
afternoon and evening. Dogs of all
breeds will be offered, thus affording an
excellent opportunity for fanciers to ob
tain prize-winning dogs. The judging
yesterday resulted as follows:
Cocker spaniels (not over twenty-eight
pounds), black. novice, dogs— Third, Oakland
Knight, Mrs. K. A. Dull, St. Luke's Hos
pital, San Francisco; first. Redwood Forest,
Redw .. ■.. Cocker kennels. San Francisco; sec
ond withheld. Novice, bitches— Third, Wood
land Lottie, W. C. Ralston, Fruitvale, Cal
first, Oakland Tlppo, T. Brown. Oakland; sec
ond, Redwood Betsy, W. C. Ralston. Fruit
vale, Cal. Limit, dogs H. C, Brigadier, J.
"W. Meredith, Berkeley; third, Pronto Pastime,
Mrs. F. W. Pray. San Francisco; first, Duf
fertn Pastime, Redwood .Cocker kennels, San
Francisco; second, Pedro, Mrs. Webster Jones,
San Francisco. Limit, bitches— Second, Wood
land Lottie, W. C. Ralston. Fruitvale, <'al. ;
first, Peg; Wofflngton, Redwood Cocker ken
nels, San Francisco. Open, Specials only.
Champion Woodland Duke, W. C, Ralston,
Fruitvale, Cal.; second. Champion Viscount,
Plumerla Cocker kennels, San Francisco;
H. C, Brigadier, J. W. Meredith. Berkeley;
specials only, Black Tlghe, Oakland Cocker
kennels, Oakland; Brat, Champion Havoc, Red
wood Cocker kennels, San Francisco. Open,
bitches— First, Princess Flavia W. C. Ralston,
Fruitvale, Cal.; third, Woodland Lottie, XV.
C. Ralston, Fruitvale, Cal.; second. Champion
Polly Pastime, Redwood Cocker kennels, San
Francisco; C, Florita, T. A. Sweeney, Santa
Cruz, t'ai. Puppies, bitches 'not over twenty
eight pounds, other than black)— first. Baby
Ora, Plumerla Cocker kennels, San Francisco.
Novice, bitches Second, Baby Ora. Plumerla
Cocker kennels, San Francisco; first, Redwood
Virgy, Redwood Cocker kennels, San Fran
cisco. Limit, dogs— First, Oakland Gold Dust,
Oakland Cocker kennels, Oakland. Open, dogs —
First, Colorado, Redwood Cocker kennels, San
Francisco. Open, bitches— First, Raillette,
Miss Edith G. Creagh, Sun Francisco; second,
Tootsie W. Redwood Cocker kennels. San Fran
cisco; third. Oakslde Trilby, Oakslde kennels,
San Francisco. Winners, dog'— Reserve, Duf
ferln Pastime, Redwood Cocker kennels, San
Francisco; first, Champion Havoc, Redwood
Cocker kennels. San Francisco Winners,
bitches— First. Princess Flavia, W. C. Ralston,
Fruitvale, Cal; reserve, Raillette, Miss Edith
G. Creagh, San Francisco.
Collies, puppies, dogs First. Verona Broker,
Joseph L. Eppinger. San Francisco; reserve.
Winters Ormsklrk, John McCormick, Winters,
Cal.; V. H. C. Verona Mint's Admiral. Verona
kennels. San Francisco; third. Verona Pale
face, Verona kennels, San Francis.-..; sec
ond, Highland Duke, James a. Moreland San
Francisco. Puppies, bitches— Second, B. Gold
Floss, John McCormick, Winters, Cal.; first,
Verona Admiral's Mint. Verona kennels. San
Francisco. Novice, dogs— Verona Broker,
Joseph L. Eppinger, San Francisco; V. ii. c. ,
Don Jose, W. H. Fisher. San Francisco; re
serve. Verona kennels, San Francisco; third,
Verona Paleface, Verona kennels, San Fran
cisco- second, Ormsklrk Harry, X, A. Sharp,
San Francisco; H. C, Alto Clifton Jr.. Maurice
V. Samuels, San Francisco; H. C, Jack, Ed
ward Kavanagh. Valiejo, Cal. Novice, bitches
—First. Verona Admiral's Mini, Verona ken
nels. San Francisco; second. Lady Ormonde.
Mrs. Fred Baltzer, San Francisco; third,
Roxie. W. R. P.* Wirthle, San Francisco; V.
H. i,'., Lassie jean. Miss J. B. Connell. San
Francisco. Limit, dogs— First, Verona Broker,
Joseph L. Eppinger, San Francisco; second,
Verona Approbation, Verona kennels, San
Francisco; third, Ormsklrk Harry. a. S.
Sharp. San Francisco; H. C.. Alto Clifton Jr.,
Maurice V. Samuels. San Francisco. Limit,
bitches— Heather Molly, Verona kennels,
San Francisco; third, Roxie, W. R. P. Wirthle,
Sun Francisco. Open, dogs— First, Verona
Broker, Joseph L. Fppinger. San Francisco,
Specials Champion Old Hall Admiral.
*\ erona kennels. San Francisco; second, Verona
Bra*** Scott, Verona kennels, San Francisco;
third, Ormsklrk Harry. S. A. Sharp. San Fran-
Cisco. Open, bitches, specials only— Champion
Heather Mint. Verona kennels, San Francisco;
first, Verona Bonnie Brae, Verona kennels San
Francisco; third. Roxie, W. K. P. Wirthle', San
Francisco. Winners, dogs— Verona Broker, Jo
seph 1.. Eppinger, San Francisco; reserve. Ve
rona Braw Scott. Verona kennels, San Fran
cisco. Winners, bitches— First, Heather Molly,
Verona kennels, San Francisco; reserve. Ve
rona Bonnie Brae. Verona kennels, San Fran
cisco.
Dalmatians, open, dogs and bitches—
Hector, Dr. W. 1". McNutt, San Francisco
first, Ajax. Dr. XV. F. McNutt. San Francisco.
Poodles, limit, dogs and bitches— First.
Duchess. Frank Miner. San Francisco. Open]
dogs and bitches— Second. Rtgolo B. 0. A. Ber
nard. San Francisco; first, withheld.
Bulldogs, novice, dogs and bitches— Second,
Mike, Harry Gushing, San Francisco; first,
withheld. Open, dogs and bitches— Second,
Mike. Harry Gushing, San Francisco; first'
withheld.
Bull terriers, puppies, dogs— First, Rudyard,
Mrs. John Tait. San Francisco. Puppies,
bitches— First. Queen. .1. Krahbenhoft, San
Francisco. Xovice. dogs— Reserve. Romeo. \V.
F. Frledhofer. San Francisco: second. Royal
Venom. Philip J. Fay. San Francis'"; third.
Captain C, William I" Wattson, San Fran
cisco; '".. Rowdy, V. Simon. San Francisco;
H. i*.. Scout, G. A. Berger, San Francisco;
first. Banjo, T. K. James, San Francisco.
Novice, hitches— Mazle 11. Mrs. C. L.
Hendry. San Francisco; first. Magic Harper,
Alex Hyde. San Francisco; second. Pearl, J.
XV. Thrasher. San Francisco. Limit, dogs. 35
pounds or under— First, Banjo. T. K. James,
San Francisco. Limit, bitches, 30 pounds or
under— Daisy Harper, H. J. Bross, San Fran
cisco. Limit, dogs, over 35 pounds— C. Venom,
H. a. Hirch, San Francisco; second. Tabasco,
Richard H. Roundtree, San Francisco; first
Teddy Roosevelt, B. Attridge. San Francisco;
third, withheld. Limit, bitches, over 30 pounds
—Third. Pearl. J. XV. Thrasher, San Francisco*
reserve. Mazle H. Mrs C, L. Hendry. San
Francisco: first, Woodcote Queen; John T. Con
nolly. San Francisco: second. Rlbbs, A. Del
low. San Francisco; V. H. <* Lily, S. Whee
land, San Francisco. Open. dogs. So pounds or
under— Second. Plncber. F. J. Donnelly, San
Francisco; first. Banjo. T. K. James, San Fran
cisco. Open. dogs, oyer:!:, pounds— First, Ras
tus, John Tait, Sarf Francisco; second Royal
Venom. Philip J Fay. San Francisco; reserve,
Victor, John Gleason, San Francisco; third.
Tabasco. Richard H. Roundtree, San Fran-
Cisco; C, St. Blaise, E. Attridge. San Fran
cisco. Open, bitches, over 30 pounds— Second,
Mrs. C L. Hendry. San Francisco: first. Pearl,
J. W. Thrasher. San Francisco. Winners, dogs
—First. Banjo. T. K. James, San Francisco; re
serve, Teddy Roosevelt, F. Attridge, San Fran
cisco. Winners, bitches— Reserve, Daisy Har
per. H. J. Bross, San Francisco; first. Wood
cote Queen, John T. Connolly, San Francisco.
Fox Terriers (wire-haired), puppies, dogs and
bitches— First, Dewey, G. A. Pope, .San Fran
cisco; second and third withheld. Open, dogs
and bitches All prizes withheld.
Fox Terriers (smooth-coated), puppies, dogs-
Third, Golden Dandy. Joseph McLatchle, San
Francisco; reserve, Beau Brummel, Mis. Flor
ence Denigan. San Francisco; C, Bunski, Mrs.
A. Collier. San Francisco; C, Sam's Mount. S.
R. Mount, San Francisco; second, Scorcher,
Dominick Shannon, San Francisco; first, Al
den Artist. Rev. J. W. Flinton, Victoria. B. C.
Puppies, bitches— H. C, Richmond Ivory, T.
C. H. Collins, San Francisco; reserve, Rich
mond Jewell, T. c. M. Collins, San Francisco:
first. Santa Rosa, Dominick Shannon. San
Francisco; third. Veracitat. William Halley,
Sacramento; second. Victoria Judy. Rev. J. W.
Flinton, Victoria. B. C. Novice, dogs— Second,
Carver 1».".n. W. W. Moore. San Francisco;
first. Aldon Artist. Rev. J. W. P'linton, Vic
toria, B. C. Novice, bitches— Third. Mission
Idol. Charles K. Harley, San Francisco; sec
ond. Golden Poppy. William J. Peay Strachan,
St. George Kennels, San Francisco; first. Flir
tation, California Jockey Club kennels, San
Francisco. Limit, dogs— Third, Defender, Nor
man S. d'F.veiyn. Alameda: reserve. Carver
Do- W. W. Moore, San Francis second,
Warman Sage, J. B. Martin. San Francisco;
first. Aldon Artist, Rev. J. W. Flinton. Vic
toria, B. C. Limit, bitches— Second. Mission
Idol, Charles K. Harley, San Francisco: first.
Golden Sunshine, J. B. Martin. San Francisco.
Open, .logs -Reserve, Defender. Norman S.
.1 Evelyn, Alameda; C., Dauntless Ruler. N. S.
Rowley, Los Angeles; third. Golden Flash 11.
J. B. Martin, Sao Francisco: second, Aldon
Artist, Rev. J. W. Flinton, Victoria. B. 0.5
first. Aid-:: Swagger, Rev. .1. W. Flinton, Vic
toria, B. C. Open, bitches— Second. Dauntless
Sensation, W. H. M.I-"... Los Angeles; first.
Aldon Radiance, Rev. J. W. Flinton, Victoria,
B. C. Winners, dogs— Reserve, Aldon Artist,
Rev. ,i. W. Flinton. Victoria. B. C. ; first, Al
don Swagger, Rev. J. W. Flinton, Victoria, B.
C. Winners, bitches— First, Santa Rosa, Dom
. inlck Shannon, Santa Rosa; reserve, Golden
Sunshine, J. I. Martin. San Francisco.
Boston Terriers, limit, dogs and bitches-
First, Oakside's Tremont (formerly Tremont).
Oakslde kennels, San Francisco. Open, dogs —
First. Oakside's Tremont (formerly Tremont),
Oakslde kennels, San Francisco; second and
third withheld Open, bitches— First— Oakside's
Bessie, Mrs. H. H. Carlton. San Francisco.
Irish terriers, novice, dogs — First, Barney-
Boy, Miss Alice J. Barber, Ross. Marin
County, Cal. Limit, dogs and bitches Prizes
withheld. Open, dogs and bitches— First, Bar
ney Fagan, Messrs. Howard and Martin, San
Francis.
Black and tan or Manchester terriers— Prizes
withheld. * ';
Skye terriers — Prizes withheld.
Yorkshire terriers, limit, dogs— Tiny,
E. Attridge, San Francisco- Limit, bitches-
First, Bradford Minnie, E. Attridge. San Fran
cisco. Open, dogs— First, Little Joker. E. At
tridge, San Francisco. Open, bitches First,
Gipsy, E. Attridge. San Francisco. Winners,
dogs— First. Tiny, E. Attridge. San Francisco;
reserve. Little Joker, E. Attridge, San Fran
cisco. Winners, bitches— Reserve, Bradford
Minnie, E. Attridge. San Francisco; first,
Gipsy, E. Attridge, San Francisco.
Pomeranian or spitz, limit, dogs and bitches
— First. Snowball, G. A. Cushing. San Fran
cisco. Open, dogs and bitches First, Ophelia,
Georga H. Wallis, San Francisco.
Japanese spaniels, open. dogs and bitches—
Reserve, Jap H. Miss F. Hatje, Alameda, Cal.;
V. li. ''. Lady Mine. Miss M. Hatje. Alameda,
Cal.: first. Nippon, Mrs. H. W. Reddan. San
Francisco; third, Skiddles, Mrs. G. W. Berry,
San Francisco; second, Jap, Miss Viola C. C.
Piercy. San Francisco.
Dachshunds, novice, dogs and bitches—
Dachsie, Dr. W. Wlnterberg, San Francisco.
Limit, dogs and bitches — Second, Waitien, C.
W. Gross, Oakland: third. Waldo. C. W. Gross,
Oakland: first. Prince, C. W. Gross, Oakland;
reserve. Guess, C. W. Gross, Oakland. Open,
dogs and bitches— First, Fritz, J. B. Rein
hardt, San Francisco. Winners, dogs and
bitches— First, Dachsie, Dr. W. Wlnterberg,
San Francisco; reserve. Fritz, J. B. Reinhardt,
San Francisco.
Pugs novice, dogs and bitches— Toddie
L, Miss Vera Gonzales, San- Francisco. Limit,
dogs and bitches — First, Toddie L. Miss Vera
Gonzales, San Francisco. Open, dogs and
bitches C, Roxy. Mrs. Samuel Dusenbcrry,
San Francisco; first, Boss, Irving C. Acker
man, San Franclseo; third. Nigger, S. E.
Moore, San Francisco; second, Toddie L, Miss
Vera Gonzales, Sun Francisco.
Toy terriers (under seven pounds), other than
Yorkshire, open, dogs and bitches ßeserve,
Midget L, Miss Eileen Leonard, San Francisco;
second. Midget 11, J. C. Farley. Pan Francisco;
first. Moxie, J. C Farley, San Francisco; third,
Muggins, Mrs. W. A. Burns, San Francisco.
Italian greyhounds, puppies, dogs and bitches
- First, Baby, Mrs. W. A. Deane, San Fran
cisco; second. Letts, Mrs. W. A. Deane, San
Francisco. Limit, dogs and bitches—
Queenie. Mrs. XV. A, Deane, San Francisco
Open, dogs and bitches— Pop, Mr?. XV. A.
Deane, San Francisco.
Miscellaneous class, open dogs— First. Sultan.
Mrs. A. F. Chamot. San Francisco; third. Gyp
P, David K. Petersen. Stockton: second, Chow,
Edwin Tooker, San Francisco. Open. bitches—
Second, Midgy. Mrs. T. H. Persse, San Fran
cisco: first, Olerta, Thomas .1. Edgeoomb,
Shasta. Cal. .-v. '.----v
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) __■_.-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Ist de- *%_2f
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /^*w x
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. <___&■$
2. I. O. O. F.— DEGREE TEAMS #g__**3&.
are requested to meet THIS
EVENING at 8 o'clock for -^%lIW>
DRILL A. K. KINGSFOHD, D. M.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, l. O. O.* _^nv___ r
V. Officers and Members: You *^£^S__fc-
are requested to assemble at your
lodgeroom SUNDAY, May' 7. at '*Wlllw > '
1:30 o'clock, to attend th- funeral of our late
brother, N. JOHNS!
JAMES LAWRENCE, X. G.
X. PETERSON, Rec. Sec.
THE. S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v er? >,
holds its annual "Tattle and Her- 3\, ttotf
rin' " supi'.-r, Banquet Hall, '■"' __KJL._»
O'Farrell St., THIS (SATURDAY) W^EJqt
EVENING. Exercises commence at B*3o
o'clock. .mux ROSS Royal Chief
GEORGE XV. PATERSON. Recorder.
To the Officers and Members of Iron Molders'
Union No. 164 Brothers: You are hereby re-
quested to attend a special meeting of the
union at Cambrian Hall. 1133 Mission st
THIS (SATURDAY') EVENING, at 8 o'clock,
for the purpose of making arrangements to
attend the funeral of our late brother C s
HILL. MARTIN CONLON, President
■ J. F. McAULIFFE.*, Secretary.
_*_ _ . ;
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, In the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills. Butte County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John
McCollum, in the Santa Rosa placer mine, in
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings in Sulphur Creek, and from the
Plumas Development Company, in the Yankee
Hill mine, near La Porte, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings in St. Louis Ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
C 9, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
May 15, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL' meeting— The regular annual meet- ;
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 9lh day
of May, 1599. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eeleting a Board of Dlreas
tors to ssrve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 23, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY' that a meeting of the stockholders
i of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of
business of said .Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). in
United States gold coin, for the purpose' of
raising money to complete the construction
• of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
•nd sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
'Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
rio— v.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES PETER FREILING'S pfie salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
Piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. Jl up-
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
TV 41 S Mnnt~n-*"*rv «t.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHKi'M Employment Office Japanese, ChL
nese. 42- -yell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established "*!)
years: tel Main V'"7 Bradley ft Co.. Rlii Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES, if you wish a first class servant
pains will be taken to supply you satisfac-
torily if you leave your orders with us. J f
CROSETT £ CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GIRL wants place for light housework, second
work or chamberwork. Call at 952 Mission st
LADY' would like plain sewing and mending
v.'i Mission St.. room 1. .•'--■« ■:- ■
'i
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con tin ned.
STRONG woman wishes situation at housework - ;
or chamberwork; is good plain cook; willing
to work for small wages. Please call or ad-
dress 737 Howard st., room 68,
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion in private family; plain cook; no objec-
tion to children; wages moderate. Apply 10
Stockton rilace.
RELIABLE woman from Maine wishes a posi-
tion as nurse for a lady or institution: best
of references for massage. Call at 530 Eighth
St., or address E. X., 810 Center St.. Oakland.
LADY elocutionist desires situation as com-
panion; will assist with light housework if _
necessary. Address E. H., box 556. Call 'flee, -j
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- *"
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $S
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus _
and baggage to and from ferry. "" "-'■'■ - C
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. . tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands. -
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell i*.: __ East 424. -
SITUATION by reliable young man: good
horseman, gardener and milker: handy with
all kinds of tools: capable of taking care of
a good place: city or country: good references.
Box 704, Call office. • *:;,-": -r, v
FIRST-CLASS French Cook for restaurant,
steady man, with references, wants position
in city or country: understands any style or
short orders; wages moderate. Box 148. Call.
YOUNG Swede wis! a place in a private fam-
ily to attend to a garden; willing to work, be-
ing over 7 years in last place; has reference.
Box 801, Call office.
HOTEL clerk or bookkeeper, French. German.
English, wants position; wide experience;
city references. Box 703, Call Office.
BARTENDER, young man. stranger, age 2:. -
wants situation; 5 years with one house in j
New York. Address J. O'CONNOR 109 Mont-
gomery st.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy, temperate _
man to take care of horses, cow, garden, I
lawns; very handy; good references; city or
country. Box 426, Call office.
TWO men and woman, experienced cooks and \
waiter, desire charge of mining, milling,
logging or railroad camp. J. J. DWYER, 225 -
Fourth St., room 10. J
I IRCHARDIST, thoroughly experienced in all
orchard work, wishes situation as working -
foremen. Address box 729, Call office. '
SITUATION as coachman by an Englishman; -
good address, good hands and thorough ser-
vant. Bos 145, Call office. 1
RELIABLE elderly German wants a place in I
city or country saloon or hotel as barkeeper;
good home and small wages will be satis- -
factory. Box 802, Call office. l
SHORT order cook wants a place; ferry boat. -
bakery or coffee house, or oyster opener in I
oyster house. HENRY. 514 Central aye.
YOUNG man who fought with Dewey like any
kind of situation. Box 702. Call office. ]
FRENCHMAN, with the best recommenda- ''
tions, wishes small situation in a private
i family. Apply to BERNARD & DEGER. Sl4 -
Sutter st.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, will do housework -
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000 '
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office,
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position as collector for responsible ■
firm; references given and bonds furnished.
Box 131. Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. i
"c7'R7"liA>7lsi2>r!^^ 185" -
12 waitresses, different country hotels. $20 and I
$25; 3 waitresses, first-class city hotel. $20,
see party here 10 a. m.; 4 chambermaids, to 3
wait, $20: 2 restaurant waitresses. $6 week;
2 lunch and dinner waitresses, $5 week; wo-
man cook. $25: 2 laundresses, ... C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■-
HEAD waitress and crew. 10 waitresses, for ]
first-class water resort, $30 and $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LADY shamz for first-class springs; $4";
call early. C, R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
FAMILY ORDERS
3 Swedish .-use girls, $25; house girl, no
washing, short ways in country, $25, fare '■
paid; house _;irl,' 2 in family, country". $20, -
see party here; cook and laundress. Belve-
dere. $25: 10 German or Swedish house girls
$20 and $25: and many young girls to assist. *
$10 to $15. C. it. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. 3
WANTED Young girl that lives with parents
to work in delicacy store: $5 a week to be- *.
gin. .' R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook, $35, laundress, $25, and j *
French nurse, all same family: waitress,
early this morning, $6 a week; cook, make
butter, 3 in family. $25; pantry girl, $5 a <
week; Scandinavian cook, coffee house, $7 a
week: German nurses, }-'. and $25; Protestant .
second girl, $20: IS neat Irish. Scandinavian | *
and German girls to cook, wash an I iron and
general housework in city and country at $20
and $25. Apply to .1 F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Suiter st.
2 MIDDLE-AGED chambermaids, country ho-
tel
Waitresses, country hotels, $20; ranch cooks, !
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
COMPANION to old lady and do light work,
$10. MISS CULLEN 323 Sutter st. -*
RANCH cook. $25, Haywards: cook, small ho-
tel, country, $23. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS. $20: chambermaid, to assist wait- *
ing. $20. same hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 | '
Kearny st.
. WANTED— MiddIe-aged Scotch or English j •
woman as plain cook on a ranch: wages $15 > '
per month good home for the right party.
Apply at 561 Thirty-eighth St., bet. Grove
st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
GIRL for general housework: German or
Swedish preferred; small family; wages $15.
Apply before 12 m. at 455 Valencia st.
GERMAN girl: plain cooking and housework;
wages $20. 1503 Geary st.
YOUNG girl wanted as waitress. 136 Second •
street.
WANTED- for general housework. 1700
Larkin si
NEAT, reliable girl for a bakery must have
experience. 1923 Fillmore st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and plain
cooking. Apply 7::.; Union st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission st.
TWO first-class cooks for city, wages $25; 2
young girls for Berkeley: 2 good ranch cooks;
also a number of young girls to assist: 2 .
waitresses for resort. MISS DILLON. 315
Sutter st. ; phone Ma:: SO4.
25 Y''l'NG kills for housework; waitresses for
hotels: waitresses for restaurants young girl
to take care of baby: young girls* to assist.
MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter: phone Main 304.
OPERATORS on shirts and pants; inexperi- .
enced hands taught. 410*- Mission st. ; top!
floor.
YOUNG woman to learn massage treatment'
must travel, DR. CONRAD, 24] Post st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; .'lav or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st!
WANTED— girl to assist with iiouse-
work and help -mind children; small wages*
good home. MRS, FARWELL, 4 Fella place!
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36t4 Fremont st.
lIELP WANTED— MALE.
a rr77?.T7r."?7.?777 .777" " "~
200 MEN WANTED ".".".'.'.".".'
Teamsters, •'. horses, coast road !!!!!!! "j-"
Teamsters. 2 horses, coast lad . .!. $i 7"
Laborers, coast road '<1 75
All for the coast railroad and Tree 'fare r we
ship daily; office fee for above job $1; free
fare.
WORK FOR ALL ..
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
BLACKSMITH, $40 and found: blacksmith $2
a day and found; blacksmith, $1 56 a day
and found; all see party here; 3 ranch black-
smiths, $35 and $30; machinist, country shop,
$2 50 a day; screw turner: edgennan. ." _
RANCH WORK
Farmer and wife. $35 and found: 20 farm-
ers, same ranch, $20 and found, fare $1, fee
$1: 6 farmers and ranch teamsters. $25 and
found, fare $1; 3 milkers, $25: chorei
52.. and found, see boss here, fare advanced;
laborers for a quarry, $2 a day, fare 50c,
fee $1: tiemakers, see boas here, 13c, 7xBxB;
and others.
HOTEL * DEPARTMENT, ETC ;
Marker and distributor, $75; polisher, $75.
for Honolulu, see party here: polisher and
starcher, country steam laundry, $35 and
found; marker and distributor, country, $30
and found; 2 waiters, country bote': $25;
camp waiter, $2"; camp dishwasher. $20; 2
cooks, small plain hotels, $30; bakers' helper.
Nevada, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary* st.
A— LABORERS for a tunnel, Joe to 25c an
hour; fee $1; long job. C. R. HANSEN ,v
CO.. 104 Geary st. . .
WANTED— and cake baker for country
shop, good steady place, $43 and found: 2
milkers. $30; milker, near city, fare paid, $25, :
blacksmith, small country shop, $40 and
found: 2 choppers for logging camp. $40, and
2 helpers, $30; 10 farm hands, near city, $20
and free fare: nlaln blacksmith on ranch,
steady job, $30 and board; ranch cook, see
party here; and others. W. D. EWER & CO..
626 Clay St.
LAUNDRYMAN. $15; must know how to milk*
2 cows.. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
10 FARMERS, country. $20 and found. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
BUTLER $40. country. Miss CULLEN, 326
Sutler st.
i HELP 'WANTED— Continued,
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Wheelwright country shop
blacksmiths, country shops, $40 and found
and $2 2- per day -
25 laborers, pick and shovel work, $30 and
found; in laborers, city work. $1 75 day:
3" farm and orchard hands, $20 and $26 and
found „• '• •• •
8 milkers $25 and $30 and found
painter carpenter
2 Steam block setters, $52 and found; buggy
washers, hostlers and stablemen, $30. $25 and
$20 and' found: woodchopi lakers,
coal miners, chore boys for ranches, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO pick strawberries •
10 men or boys to pick strawberries; good
long job. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
NEAT young man to drive bakery wagon,
country. $25 and found. MURRAY A READY,
634-636 Clay st. ■-.; ■.>-;.
COOKS ..SECOND C00K5.... PANTRYMAN
Cooks, . city and country. $30 and $40 and
found: second cook, lunch counter. $20; pan-
tryman, hotel. $20 and found: waiters, coun-
try hotels. $25 and found: ranch cooks, $20;
kitchen hands: dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
.v READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— and stenographer, $6
week; young man. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED- Pastry cook, $35; 2 night cooks. $35
and $411, for country*: restaurant cook, coun-
try, $30: French or Italian first and second
cooks. $60 and $30; dishwashers and others.
_ .1. F. CROSETTjS: CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 4 milk fare advanced, $25: ma-
chinist for mine, $2 50 day: :'. jobbing black-
smiths and horseshoers, $35, $10 and $42 50
month and hoard; 3 camp blacksmith- $60:
butter and cheese maker for Oregon, $35 and
found; wag painter. $40 and board 2 ranch
choremen. $20 and found: milker for Hum-
boldt County. $26 and found; milker and wife.
$41. J. F. CROSETT a- CO.. (as Sacramento.
WANTED— head timber fellers, $40; 2 chop-!
pers. $30; 2i« railroad laborers. $1 75 day* ]-,
tunnel men 20c and 25c an hour; 6 .chop-
pi rs. 7,.c to $1 35 cord, and others. Apply to
■1. F. CROSETT ft CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AT ANDRE'S, 313 Stockton st.— Cook, plain
country hotel, $35: potwasher, restaurant, $25;
dishwasher, $20; porter, restaurant, country,
$20; blacksmith; bedmaker, $20 and found.
FIRST-CLASS pants presser; steady work;
good wages Apply 7:30 a m.. S. N. WOOD
& CO., corner Powell and Eddy sts.
WANTED— 2 bushelmen Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO., 7:30 a. m., 718 Market st.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm: $50 per month and expenses
to .tart. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday. 137. i Fifth
street.
BARB] for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; $4 guarantee;
chance for steady, IPS Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 52 Seventh
st ; wages $3.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Apply 2503 Folsom st.
TWO barbers wanted at 652 Sacramento st.
GOOD barber for Saturday. 3310 Sacramento
street. _________________________________
BARBER wanted. 131 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday: with or without tools.
Call 8 a. m.. 237 Third st. .
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. Call at 969
Mission st.. corner Sixth.
SEATTLE House. 106". Third st. 25c to 50c
day; $1 23 to $2 50 week; light housekeeping
allowed. .
ROAD laborers; none but good men need
apply. 210 Spear st.
BOY fyr general work; $3 50 per week. 12
O'Farrell st.
SHOEMAKER for repairing; must have tools;
references. 753 Market st.
WANTED— Pantryman. Apply 406 Ellis st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at southeast corner
Main and Howard sts.
ELLIS, 321. bet. Taylor and Jones (Rosedale
House) l6o rms.. day, week or mo.; rates. 25c
to $1 per night: reduction to permanent room-
ers; reading room.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted. Apply
Wasp, 513 Market st.
BOY wanted with some knowledge of shoe
business. 442 Devisadero st.
BRIGHT young men; canvassers; salary and
commission: 8-9 a. m., 4-6 p. m. R. RALPH,
511 Montgomery st.
BOY wanted at Navarro's restaurant. 72S
Broadway; must speak Spanish.
' WANTED— 20 men to occupy rooms: 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 106 New Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who nave legally aeclared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good,
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cat
TO go this week -600 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from DOc to $1 30: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. : open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. N. ' Montg.; single,
10c, 15c night: 60c. 90c week; reading room.
1 MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; our
catalogue explains bow we teach the barber
trade in eight weeks: write to-day. Moler's
Barber College. 635 Clay st.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city: "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market. and "Branch
House." 861; 15c to 50c night: all dally papers
■ in reading room.
WANTED— 2O teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S. 2.
Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
ing. H. Bernard, sec, 714 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single room. 15c night: $1
week: "France House," 143 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664 1 . Howard St.; reading room.
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that FI Rolkin. Reno House Proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar!!
ket; 700 rooms, _.5c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Xc -tiy — Rooms ram 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138*. Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE moms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. S63*_ Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGE NTS W ANTED.
AGENTS — men make $3 to $7 a day selling
Handy Harness and Belt Riveter to every-
body; counties assigned. 9 iNDY MACHINE
CO., > Third st., San "Francisco.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents: salary $75 month: expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference. BUTLER
,v \T.GFR. New Haven, Conn
Kill I V I'IONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil ' -..id mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'g BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphs*,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: lif»
scholarship. $30; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS an.', reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even.; San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
Ing. mech. survey, assay, arrhl.: day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 901 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay ->•
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713^
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pil-
ing. advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. BlackW'SINI-SS CHANCES.
A— ssoo; WELL-STOCKED bar in public pleas-
ure grounds; no night work; no free lunch;
monthly receipts $600; rent $10; lease. Parti-
culars R. a. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sl6oo; SALOON doing a rushing business and
/.l.gnntiy fitted up; opposite the ferries build-
J i;-._i; rent $10; 3 years lease; a splendid loca-
lion and an Al paying place. Cail i._ Q.
WILKE. !-"6 Market st.
A — $2250; CORNER groc«ir and bar on Powell
H.; es-tabli-hed many years; doing rirst-clasi
paying business; living rooms; J_lly receipts.
180; large stuck; leaae; a genuine quod chance. '.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— *3ooi BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average daily [
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st. '
WILKE, 906 Market st.. room 6.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the j
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month; j
<7 rooms; kitchen; good-paying Lar, etc.:
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
benrders; investigate at once; a genuine bar-
....:. Call H. CL WILKE. rm. 8, 908 Market.
X~j250; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
w. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. 8. 906 Market.
- OLD established beer bottling business;
complete; flrst-class trade; will sell half in-
•er<fl for $300. JONES & CO.. iGS Market.
$27J— COAL yard and oil business; 30 years es- '
tablished, great sacrifice: any one looking I
for burgalr.s see this, JONES & CO., 865 '
Market nt. -.-'•;•
A-KREDO & CO 22V. Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCE RROKERS.
$;,">o— C'.j.-:.r store: down town; a snap.
«15' V Barber shop; 2 chairs; clears .--' weekly.
$175— Branch bakery and notions: near school !
52.100- Drug store; $20 dally; value in stock: !
,' • : s i r.utlce worth $300 per month.
TO sell your tuslnes* promptly for cash apply
..' \.l.Y A HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
j: HOME bakery and lunch room; make
■ • HEALY) & HIM Ml■" 1 917 Market st.
-SALOON, boarding and lodging house:
.: .:.: other business cause of sale. Mu-
ll GHLIN Ac CO.. 777 Market st.
*_'.:.*— PARTNER in butcher shop; daily re-
-1 '•'• M ii<} t0 *' }0 ' fflwlN ' a & co -. -*-* 5 Market!
'•' ["CHER shop; est. 10 years; great sacrifice
this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st
IRANCH bakery; great sacrifice this day.
COWING & CO.. 595 Market st.
■ FINE hotel property; Alameda County; 6
illy trains; must sell, reason sickness; a
lendid opportunity; Investigation solicited.
EN co.. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
'INTRY hotel; 12 rooms; newly fur-
■ 1; rent $12 50; 2 years' lease. C. F.
HE. 535 Market St., room 4.
PARTNER in light business: $1$ to J25 a
k: no experience required; must be reha-
Western Investment Co.. tf Geary st.
l: sale at a bargain: well established coal
sines* in Western Addition: teams, stock,
-•*.: fine opportunity. 2412 California st.
...5 WILL buy good paying restaurant: good
location; sickness cause of sale. Box 66, Call.
"IRST-CLASS dancing school, best district
:lty. for sale or exchange. Box 7SI H, Call,
' NE of the best restaurants for sale. Apply
ISfo Haight st.
'A' ANTED— Unincumbered party to open branch
bakery; no rent. Call Sunday, $36 Valencia.
CORNER store and bar for sale. Apply at
Call office.
WANTED— Party to finance real estate deal;
large profits. Box Sl3. Call office.
GOOD paving saloon: cheap: part cash: bal-
ance $10 monthly. Call to-day, .1 Fourth st.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire at ZIEGLER BROS.', 527 • gom-
> ry st.
BA'RHERS— Best bargain for $65; S-chalr shop.
1317 Dupont -t.
RESTAURANT for sale, with 2 living rooms;
>- *.t only $10. 1531 Market, near Haight.
CARPENTER shop and 3 rooms; rent $6 50.
1725 Market St.
SHOE shop that will clear S-K) per month; good
prices: low rent: must sell. 332 Bush st.
PARTIES having a business of any ktnd or
city and country real estate to sell or ex-
change should apply to Nat. Ag'cy. 7S3H Mkt.
SALOON for sale: good paying business in
(.-^od business quarter. Inquire 729 Montgom-
ery st.. room 9.
Ili-CO— WHOLESALE and retail fruit business;
sales $100 per day; established 15 years; splen-
did chance for bright in. Box 210, Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOX SALE.
16 ROOMS: FINE: CORNER.
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST $1400— PRICE. $800.
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st 350
17-room house, large yard; downtown 400
IS .rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house.... 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-rocm house; clears $3"0; payments 3000 !
54-room house; clears $200 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp sth.
10-ROOM hous*: 5 minutes' walk from Call
rftice; $550. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 23*. Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$'2, r — Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets.
J3oi)— 9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full.
$1500— 18 rooms; very* swell boarding.
. Also a number of large houses from $300
**■ •* $10,000. KREDO & CO.
J* v -LOriGING house of 15 rooms, near New
Montgomery and S»cond sts.. at a sacrifice.
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
$:'C<l-25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
gtcd order: compulsory sale; returning to
Frcnr. 3?m Bush st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO sell at once, furniture of 5-room flat; al-
n * new; rent of flat $18. Inquire 1712
7rar ' 1 st.
TAI ESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
. Eactem Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st. .
* I its f-rr.lshcd In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 ~-c- .-.. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. !
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash ar.l $5 per month, we ask you to lnvesti-
Kate •■:.,'. approve this method; prices are the i
sates a.j if purchased for all cash; bargains
• 1 *. second-hand uprights upon some easy
meets and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
V ,"r month. .-HERMAN, CLAY & CO., |
b'telnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts..
Bun Francisco, ii.-id Thirteenth and Broad- I
•■■a), Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
*fst of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
ii. 2S and 30 ; ■ arrell st.; planes, organs and '
all other musical Instruments of ail grades i
4t_d prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- I
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
•."Ur-'T arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5: :
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ ;
PIANO CO. 560 Hayes st. I
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
flay; please examine. 215 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Music box. perfect condition: IS
i''r.es; 1 year's guarantee. Call or address
519 Golden Gate ave^
/.-UPRIGHTS. $0 up; installments. 83 To up;
lrents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
n A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
W. MAUZY. 303 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post St.
W G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for j
Francis Bacon and Hallett <_ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; n<-w ' , leg. KOH-
L.ER;& CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins. zlther B 7 <7T7j nd new. 57
*' IT'!- maker, repairer. 2 T>»th<im place.
LOST.
''; :  __^^.
I.OST-On Sunday last, a silver chatelaine bu
marked with "crown" and Initials "E P"
Suitable reward will be given by returning to
the office of The Pacific Syndicate, rooms 235-
-235. eleventh floor. Crocker building.
IN East Oakland, sealskin cape with? Persian
lamb yoke. Friday afternoon. liberal reward
If returned to 1264 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
GOLD hunting-case watch: link cha!ri;~neart
'.cket; works No. 142, 353; reward. 721 Tehama.
i-'o'T— ss reward: brindle bull terrier, named
Jack, Lombard!' s Restaurant, 25 Stockton st.
LOS'r— sso reward 'Will be paid to party wiTo
found diamond cross on Larkln st. Return to
1513 Clay St.: call between 12:30 and 1:30; no
queatlona asked.
iTKAyi.D-May I, con er Van Ness nnl Rroad-
"■ay. black cocker spaniel: white brea«t, with
■ liar and 2 bells. Suitable reward paid on
t'turn to 2C9 Lnuxmt aye.
it" the person who has Irish retriever dog, tag
■ No. 1038, does not turn him hose look out for
trouble; no reward. ■. ■_.','■
f./'ST— Fawn greyhound bitch. Fifteenth aye.
'.ni J »t.. Sunset District. Reward.
PUYBICI VM).
I">R. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
10211. Market st., bet. 6th and 7th.
PERSONALS.
WILL lady who was on Sutter st. car on Feb-
ruary 3. ISM and saw boy run over by car
between Devisadero and Broderick sts. please
can at 1416 Lyon street? _____
NOTICE is herTTby given that SEE SACK,
times called U. YATCH, Is no longer a
member of the firm of QUONG CHONG
SHING & co. and is not authorized to act for
said firm In any manner. C-UONG CHONG
SHING & CO.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. 'Only preparation that
does no lnjurv to the scalp, 35c bot.; switches
__1 up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Is the only up-to-date hair dresser;
I ice, 2Si ; switches, $1 up; see window dis-
play this week. ■ Lederer's Foamo Shampoo. i
6c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
AT LINCOLN BROS- 10 lbs. rolled oats, Be;
butter. 25c roll; 20 lbs. granulated sugar, $1; 8 i
lbs. coffee. $1; flour, 75c sack; 10 cans Jelly,
II; picnic hams. 7c lb.
LINCOLN BROS.. '-'-' Sixth, above Folsom.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
ne',.- remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never falling and sate, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes: restore
health an beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy In the world; imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER - CO., drug-
gist. 214 Kearny st. li. L. LADD & CO..
j druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
I JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., i-uw a Specialty.
San Francisco. ■ al. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. • Patents Solicited.
! ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to Jl 5u per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladies' . tor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium- Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geut.s and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes. $2. $3 and $.*> monthly; single lessons.
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.): $15 i.; w |; $20 (4 w. i
and $25 (every lay a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. 7. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order: all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 488 Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post st., will sell you
furmture. carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
, SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought
Fold; tel Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
A-CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order. $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market st.; open evenings.
SLITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
SHARRORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 M ntgy st
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. Q. NOLTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week, N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordin, 514' Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $-; 50; bedrm sets $ bed lounges
$4 •■' open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
JRESS3IAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, ss up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical cialrvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; d:.. gnosis
free: sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MCALLISTER, 60d— Test circle riven to Dr.
Rlnes, Mine. Young and others, May 6, birth-
day; welcome; 10c. Office 1236 Market st.
MRS. S. SIEP, i sych imetrlst; 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium, lis Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Men.. S; ?sc: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIR . » A.N __},
A-A— A— A-A—
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS.
Celebrated cialrvoyant. trance medium and
expert palmist of Paris (France). Office,
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and Taylor Sts.
Mr. Dubois is recognized by the press, j
medical laculty and scientists generally as I
the foremost and most able practioner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy in this country-
Five minutes spent with him will convince
every skeptic that he has nothing In common
With that class of so-called "mediums" that
Invest every city in this country. Without
asking a sn-.i,... question lie reveals your
past, present and future life, calling your
iriends and enemies by full name. He helps
the unfortunate and lends his power (which
lb stronger than that of any medium nam
in San Francisco) to help every caller to
succeed in the realization of their desires.
Unhappy lovers, unsuccessful business men.
those inflicted with so-called "incurable"
diseases, will find Professor Dubois a true
friend who will set them aright and help
them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con-
sult Professor Dubois and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least
one reliable medium now in your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are moderate,
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of $1 charged on all consultations. Daily
and Sunday, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absolute
satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must con-
tain $1 if answer is expected. Palmistry
taught: mediumshlp developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS, 1130 Market st.
A-MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023". MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you . love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friend-, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. . .
1023.. Market street. San Francisco.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dles, 60c; gents. $1; alt., $1 SO. 12**1 Turk st.
you:: future told by cards: ladles, 25c: gents.
50c. 226 I>arkin, cor. Golden Gate, room 6, 1
removed from 1031 Mission St.. downstairs.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
MRS. I. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
"-.st, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 12.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netlst, 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
MISS BAY, returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St., room ft.
MYRTLE POTTER— Celebrated card reader
from New York City. 888«4 Market. Parlor 12.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or Da pay; 25c.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and i, 995 Market st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 8.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium *>nr) card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: nenies given; 25c up.. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYRILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture, 2 'C: ladles. 914 VFnrr»il st.
ASTP.OI
ASTROLOGY - Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in America: sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and ]2c. PRO-
FESSOR SERRANO, P. O. box 5231. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME?~NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Oer.
main.. CIS Geary St.. above Jones: tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. 81.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist.
PIC Rush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
SEWING MACHINES..
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, soldi
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, anted; re-
pairing St lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS* Dental Parlors^
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from {3. We guarantee to fill eensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent- See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
i ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
■without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. ,i a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMgQN. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth paink>?slv by. his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason st.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
I OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up: crowns,
' $3 up; open ev'c- S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction
rantd N. Y. Dentist. 988 Mission, cor, fith.
SET' of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IMI Polk St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, Gen Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Vi Market st., S. F. : examina-
; tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause). safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$3; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save lime and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st.. net-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
LADIES— If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
structions or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which are painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure?
Don't despair until you read 'Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects"; explains all
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure In 24 hours;
don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on recelDt of 4c in
i stamps In plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL, 935 Market St., above
Hale Bros.; hrs., 12-4 and 7-S p. m., Sundays
excluded.
IMPORTANT— A progress In medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at nee; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $. ; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practice 37 years,
di. POPPER, 318 Kearney st.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men ana women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.. babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong, J2.
A TREATMENT Ci, I restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, }•".; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for ratients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market Ft., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
! A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O' Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any -her physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free, Call or write. 1023". Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics:
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-«th; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER-. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in '.tendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted into good
hemes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties bein_t used;
advice free; hours, 5:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
i ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. M HEHN, midwife; specialty REV.
KNEIP'S celebrated treatment. 2230 Mission.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;s. . up.
DR. WONG HIM, . herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, Bent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FOR SALE— .MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
YOUNG man, 20 years, wants any work; has
taught school; understands bookkeeping,
I drawing, German thoroughly! -rood mathe-
matician, penman: small wages: found ac-
cepted as part payment. Box 652, Call.
SASH and door maker and all-round machine
man wants position. Address Philadelphia
Hotel. Valiejo, ral.
FIRST-CLASS young massageur wants posi-
tion at springs. Address box 133. Call office.
150,000 FEET best, quality second-hand lumber,
all sizes; 400 bundles lath; doors, windows,
gas. water and soil pipe; 50 squares of tin
roofing; excellent condition; flagpole, 35 feet
long: former Y. M. C. A. building. Sutter
St., near Kearny.
A PAIR Lemalre pearl opera glasses and hold-
er very appropriate present for the holidays,
for $8; cost originally $24. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
I BICYCLE— for sale, cheap or trade: what
have you? Address or call 1310 Stockton st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 518 Mission st.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sate. 633 Bryant
street.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
BARGAIN— H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 188 Beale «L
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second band. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; $4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15: will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl. 93$ Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page!., In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74-
CONKLIN'B Carpet-besting Works. 333 Golden
Gate are.; tel. East 128.
HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206— Sunny 10 rooms and i
bath; rent $45. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 j
Montgomery st.
GREENWICH. 902. NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement; !
sunny side: rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. i
MINNA, .'2l. In rear. bet. 6th and 7th— s : room j
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
VALENCIA, 1218—6 rooms and bath; rent $20. |
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$15— HOUSE, 8 rooms. 68 Minna st; sunny
rooms. _____________ '
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TO let— B large sunny rooms; modern Improve- |
ments; large yard. Apply on premises, bet. '
12 and 3 p. m., 685 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
EIGHT dollars ($8); cottage with large yard.
Apply bakery, corner of Sanchez and Jersey.
SUNN'S cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement; j
large yard: flat. 6 rooms, bath. 1576 15th st.
COTTAGE, 5 rs. ; 2 new flats. Key 21 Roscoe J
St., first street to right, off Crescent aye.; Mis-
slon-st. cars. ___________________________
FLATS TO LET.
ANTONIO. 4, off Jones, bet. 'Ellis and o'Far-
rell— Sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
CLAYTON, 572-574, south of Frederick- Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
ELEGANT sunny flat. 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil- '
low aye., near I__guna st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, |
j 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 7 rooms, nicely furnished; responsible j
party. Inquire 1406 Post, between 12 and 2.^
FLAT of 6 rooms, $14; also cottage, 4 rooms, to
small family. • 623 Second st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; liable. 4 stalls.
2702" Twentieth St., corner Hampshire.
FURNISHED flat of 2 or 5 rooms on Panhan-
dle of Park. Address 1733 Oak st.
HAIGHT, 515 A New sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath; modern improvement.-; rent $25.
MODERN flat, 5 rooms, bath. 568 Bryant St.,
near Fourth.
NEWLY renovated flat; 4 rooms; rent $9. 23
Dearborn St., off 17th. above Valencia.
SACRAMENTO. 1226— Sunny flat of 5 rooms.
BUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; water free;
rent $15. 3014". Twenty-sixth st., near Florida.
UPPER fl_i. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
I storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay Bt., near Fillmore.
$12—297 I 'LEY, near Sixth; flat, 5 rooms,
hath; gas; folding doors; mantel; yard.
$20— FLAT of 8 rooms. 546 Mission St.; sunny
rooms.
$14— FLAT, 5 rooms. 724 Harris St., between
Third and Fourth.
$9 RENT— BB7% Hayes; 3 rooms and bath; new
plumbing and separate yard :
$10— SUNNY; 2 rooms and bath. 615 Van Ness
aye., near Turk.
$11. 12. $13 SUNNY fiats; range; hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place^
$15 AND $16—6 sunny rooms each; baths; 1 cor-
ner. Army St., near Valencia,
$13— COZY sunny lower flat, 4 rooms: bath;
yard. 22 Shotwell st.
$25— NEW 8-room corner flat. Twentieth st.,
near Castro.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP, 614—2 large sunny connecting rooms;
complete for housekeeping; yard.
EDDY. 207— Large front room complete for
housekeeping; others; reas.; bath; respectable
EDDY, 603— Unfurnished: large alcove parlor
and housekeeping rooms.
ERIE, 47, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth—
2 cozy housekeeping rooms; separate en-
trance; garden.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg. rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10. !
FIFTH, 3S3— Sunny furnished double front room.
$7; also 3 connecting housekeeping looms. $13. ;
: FIFTH, 392— Complete sunny housekeeping
rms.; double or single; private family; cheap.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room suitable for
light housekeeping; also single.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Desirable-
housekeeping rooms for two; reasonable.
HOWARD. 640. bet. Second and Third— Front
sunny bay-window rooms for housekeeping,
cheap; also single rooms.
HOWARD, 849—2 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping in a quiet family.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HOWARD. Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HYDE, 232 Sunny front bedroom; kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping; sunny single rooms
85 up.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Room and
kitchen furnished or unfurnished: cheap.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— Sunny front alcove;
kitchen furnished complete: housekeeping;
bath; $12.
MARKET, 102$ Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfur-
nished. $5,
MCALLISTER, 714—3 sunny front unfurnished j
housekeeping rooms; use of bath; $13.
MINNA. 270. near Fourth— 2 sunny housekeep .
ing rooms; rent $7.
MINNA, 646—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 821 Sunny suite complete house-
keeping, $3; large rooms, $2 a week.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping ;
rooms; reasonable.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite for light housekeeping;
running water; stove.
NINETEENTH, 4031. near Castro— 2 nice sunny j
double parlors or single room; for housekeep- j
Ing if desired; gas, bath; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, SUA— Suite of nicely furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping.
POST, 827. near Hyde— Furnished housekeeping |
suite; also single room; reasonable.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms; j
hot and cold water bath attached.
j SIXTH, 420— window housekeeping' rooms,
I single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 108, Let. Turk and Eddy— 2 rooms
furnished for hkpg.; no objection to children.
TEHAMA, 424, bet. Fifth and Sixth Newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRD, 340— Room, complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per week.
THIRTEENTH, 175- sunny rooms, bay-win-
dow, connecting; rent $6.
VAN NESS, 419— Sunny double parlor furnished
or unfurnished: also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.— I
Homelike house; modern service; elevator; j
bath; rooms, 60c to $160 day. MRS. J. KING.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup," nicely furnished
rooms for gentlemen. ' 'V Ct
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny cor. suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families, and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man, $7 per month; references.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
FIRST, 309, above Folsom — Only $8; upper part
of house, 3 rooms. in good order.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single; reasonable.
GEARY, 14A. opposite Claus Spreckels build-
ing-Front neatly furnished suite of rooms;
second floor.
GEARY, 556— Sunny front parlor; folding bed;
piano; phone; suites and other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 425H— Pleasant front rooms for a quiet
person, $3 60 month; sunny yard.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family I
rooming house: $150 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 953.',.— Large, sunny, homelike; $1 50
per week; bath. ■
KEARNY, 215— Newly furnished sunny rooms:
1 large elegant suite on first floor; rent rea-
sonable. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
KEARNY. 209. 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms |
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MAIN, 311— Large furnished sunny front room;
also smaller rooms for gentlemen.
MISSION, 1163. nr. Bth— Several choice sunny
[ newly furnished rms.; modern conveniences.
ROOMS TO Continued.
NATOMA, 446— Sunny rooms; private family;,
nicely furnished'; $4 and $5 per month.
O'FAJKRKLL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
_ able. _^_
PERRY. 34— Single front room, nicely fur-
nished; rent ?4.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
POST, 203— Newly furnished rooms, single and
en suite, from $1 50 to $6 week.
j ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading rodm, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $S; month. $3 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SECOND, 52A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable fcr light housekeeping; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 637—2 or .1 furnished rooms for
rent.
TAYLOR, 1532—3 unfurnished • sunny I rooms:
closets, hot and cold water, bath, telephone;
suitable for counle or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
TURK. 127— Room for man and wife; single
rooms from $3 to $5 a month.
1 OR 2 comfortable rooms; suit 2 men, friends,
or married couple; bath, gas. 151">' _• Mission.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, 807, "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
ELEGANT parlor suite; hot and cold water;
first-class table board. 219 Leavenworth.
ELLIS, 518— Sunny alcove room, with good
board: $".0 for two.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private bearding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking: single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL. $24— Elegant large sunny rooms
and suit: with or without board.
POLK, 609 Large sunny furnished room; also
small; running water; home cooking; parlor.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo. is: excellent board. ■
SOUTH PARK, 153— Furnished sunny i-ooms;
very reasonable: private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER. 1128— iKiV-ly home: sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Longworth, 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
CHILDRE HOARDED.
: GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye . near Nineteenth at.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-SS-6S Third St.; take elevators: French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: nonulsr prices.
STORES TO L_-T.
2 STORES and 3 living rooms: each $10; excel-
lent opening for pork and delicatessen In one;
stationery and notions in the other. C. WILL-
MOTT, 916 Market St., room 69.
STORE. ttd and Castro; new building: fixtures
for grocery and saloon. Key 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2848 Folsom st.
$25— STORE; 25x100. 517 Howard St.; plenty of
1 light.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Markt.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6>_ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 816 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOAN on city property or chattels; r.o delay;
furniture and pianos. ELSTON & THOMP-
IN, 239 Post st
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
; undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est Cut Rdte L.an Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON" 'furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
CHEAPEST and best In America Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postßPe paid.
FINANCIAL.
: ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. .1. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons., buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULL-VAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams*, all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE A
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
1 i ' —————— •
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons', 3 bug-
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvt»;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market »L
LEGAL NOTICES. ~
_-_. -— NOTICE. ~~~~ "~~~
To All Whom It May Concern— is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Hall-
way Company filed its application in writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of safd
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Hallway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1599. called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged
"Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any Interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1899. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto »et my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880
also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16. 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
A Co.. at their salesrooms. 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY, May 15. 1899. at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, ns detailed In an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also n lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for inspection on morning of sale.
X. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
TWO handsome mantels, salon parlors, dining j
and 2 bedrooms; kitchen, laundry; high rough |
finished basement; electric bells, tile floor,
bay-windows; indeed, this is choice;, on the -
hill and close to Golden Gate Park; you can-
not guess how nice it is; come out and see it; :
price $3000. McEWEN BROS., US Montgom- 1
cry *t., and local office 622 Stanyan st., near
Haight.
$13,000— A BARGAIN; must be corner;
37%x112'_; south of Park Panhandle; 6 new
flats, with modern improvements; rents $144 '
per month; pays 1" per cent. Box 706, Call.
$12.000— A FINE corner. 1 block from Park;
62"Ax80; 4 new flats with modern improve-
ments; rents $94 per month; an offer wanted.
Box 705. Call office.
SECOND-ST. property; 81x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court. I
Send bids to A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mrkt. !
POINT RICHMOND.
25 acres adjoining depot site of Valley rail-
road; water front of 1000 feet at a bargain.
Alta Punta Tract. -San Pablo aye.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley; valley land: in acreage or
lots; terms to suit; send for map.
Van Ness aye., northeast corner; 43x125;
choice property; look at It.
G. XV. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
$350— LARGE, lot, 44:6x103:6; level, fenced; I
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, -1 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
4-ROOM cottace and lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond st., near Twentieth.
IF you have lets that ycu wish to sell north
cf the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery St.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.* $1900-12400: 4-5 rm. cottages:
% block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
— l
IUI.MKi 1i... li ..M.llK.
$1900— ORCHARD, 15 miles south of San Jose;
12 acres 4-year-old prunes, house of 7 rooms,
barns, etc.; good well of water; 5 minutes
from station/ R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL home near Napa: 20 acres level
rich valley land; splendid new house, 7 rooms;
sacrificed $3000. Box 653. Call.
26 ELMORA lots, 12 miles from San Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL, 20 Ninth
St., near Market, San Francisco.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 addir^s THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St. S. F.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County: 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box 803, Call.
FRUIT, grain and :' cck farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSES and lots from $200 to $10,000
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres. $100 t0.... 20.000
500 business places from $60 to 5,000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE EVERYTHING.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. c. DECKER, 1020 Market st., or 15 Eddy.
GOOD lodging house in Oakland; now clearing
over $150 per month; will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
TO exchange for ranch: $2» equity. See owner,
861 Jackson Ft., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$750— 5-ROOM cottage and lot; near Center Sta- I
tion; a bargain; cost $1400. ALDEN CO., 902 1
Broadway, Oakland.
$2300 — 1-ACRE Chicken and fruit ranch at Fruit-
vale. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Api 500 Haight St.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. 6chellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$."00— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month. _?'-'V-
s32oo— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues: near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR sale, or will exchange for lots In Oakland.
Berkeley or Alameda, a house of 6 rooms and
bath: street work. J. H. YOUNG, Builder,
1243 Park st.
jfLAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. '- UNKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1300—4 ROOMS, bath: barn: well and pump;
lot 26x110; small cash payment; balance easy
terms.
New 5-room house; street work done; for sale
or exchange for lot In city, Oakland or Berke-
ley.
$2300 — 7 rooms, bath and basement; corner lot;
street work done; best location In Berkeley;
easy terms to suit buyer. NAMANNY & ROB-
INSON, Lorin, Cal.
HILLEGASS TRACT. ~~~
10 minutes' walk from university; electrlo
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY FURNISHED COTTAGE*.
A FURNISHED cottage to rent for the sum-
mer; 7 rooms and bath; large grounds, orch-
ard; barn; terms reasonable: references; near
cars. 2519 College aye.. Berkeley. . '.
TO LEASE.
COUNTRY HOME TO LEASE— .-:;
In the hills, 900 feet elevation, 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley; delightful climate: comfortable resi-
dence of 16 rooms, furnished or not; has not
and cold water; 25 acres of land well laid out. |
in grass, flowers and fruit, Including 1400 fruit I
trees; with barn, stable, outhouse, etc.; good I
road and trail through redwood forest: must
be seen to be appreciated: will be leased to a
desirable tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner's Intended absence. For terms,
etc., apply to JOHN H. GILMORE, 321 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John J. Llnehan and Cecelia Devine 29-24
Charles H. Hansen and Annie Poehler 26-24
Charles D. Elliott and Nellie Crowton 29-25
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mal! will not bo Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JACKSON— In this city. May 4. 1599, to the
wife of C. A. Jackson, a daughter.
STERN— In this city, May 3, 1599, to the wife
of Louis A. Stern, a son.
MARRIED." ~~
"WATTS— IBBITSON-In Salinas. May 3, 1599
at the residence of the bride's parents, by
the Rev. J. W. Bryant, Robert D. Watts and
Mlnetta M. Ibhltson.
DIED. ~
Abbott. Flora Johnson. Nels
Bonner, John Lambeth. Milton
Bouquet, Jean J. Lannon. Frank A.
Bratlcsvlch. Anton Lochhead, John H.
Carstenbrook, Katie McLaughlin, Charles
Cuningham. Sarah E. McMahon. Thomas F.
I'awartz. Johan F. O'Brien, Stephen H.
Farron, Henry Reddy, Walter
Forbes. Ella L. Schmidt. Anna E.
Guinee, Michael H. Spencer, Henry J.
Haag, Katherlne Sullivan. Joseph
Harris, Henry A. Syce, Leo A.
Hashagen, Martin Tledemann. William
Henko, A. V. "Wallace. Miss R.
Hill. Charles S. Jr. Weirlch. Bertha
Howe, George W.
ABBOTT— In this city, May 5, 1899. Flora Ab-
bott, a native of California, aged 19 years.
_L_TNotlee of tuneral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, corner of Post.
BONNER— In this city, May 5, 1899, John Bon-
ner, a native of Quebec, Canada, aged 70
years and 11 months.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1900 Valiejo street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. [
BOUQUET— anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Jean Jules Bouquet at the Notre
Dame dcs Vict"ires Church, on Bush street,
this day (Saturday), commencing at 10
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are most
rtsrectfully invited to attend.
BRATICSVICH— In this city. May 5, 1899, An-
ton Bratlcsvlch, beloved brother of Mrs. J.
L. Radovich, a native of Perasto. Bocche dl
Cattaro, Austria, aged 30 years.
CARSTENBROOK-In this city. May 5, 1899,
Katie, beloved daughter of the late Mar-
garethe Carstenbrook. and sister of Mrs. H.
Egeberg and Mrs. A. Knorp of San Francisco
and Mrs. C. B. Clark, Mrs. VV. H. Clark and
John and Harry Carstenbrook of Live Oak.
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 27 years
1 month and 5 days.
____TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COUGET— In the City and County Hospital,
May 5. 1899, Bernard Couget, a native of
France, aged 3S years.
CUNINGHAM— In Valiejo, May 5, 1899, Sarah
L . wife of the late S. D. Cuningham.
mother of Robert D. Cuningham and Sarah
M. Kennedy, and grandmother of Alfred H.
and Maud R. Kennedy and Mrs. Emma N.
Dlovlch, a native of Melrose, Mass., aged SO
years 7 months and 10 days.
DAWARTZ— In this city. May 4, 1899. Johan
Frederick, beloved husband of Margaret Da-
wartz, a native of Germany, aged 46 years 8
months and 24 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Verein Eintracht
Hall, Twelfth street, near Howard. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. ,
FARRON— In East Oakland. May 4. l-~99.
Henry, dearly beloved son of the late Michael
and Ellen Farron, and brother of Thomas
Farron. Mrs. George Drlscoll and Mrs. Wil-
liam Robllng, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 4 months and 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for
services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FORBES— In Napa, May 3, 1899, Ella L., be-
loved wife of Thomas Y. Forbes, mother of
Margie and Thomas Forbes, eldest daughter
of John and Susan Coleman, and sister of
James W. and John J. Coleman. Mrs. W. XV.
Freeman and Mrs. C. C. Gorman, a native
of Brisbane. Australia, aged "7 years.
CFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 328 Harriet street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mas? will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GUINEE— this city. May 5, 1899, Michael H.
Guinee, beloved brother of John Guinee,
brother-in-law of Mrs. Mary uulnee, and
uncle of Joseph, John, Frank, Teresa, Nellie
and Maggie Guinee, a native of the parish of
Kenturk, County Cork. Ireland, aged 39 years.
[CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HAAG— In this city. May 5, 1899, Katherlne
Haag, beloved mother of Emma Haag. a na-
tive of Mlilhousen, Alsace-Lorraine, aged 39
years.
CT' Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
HARRIS— In this city, May 4, 1899, Henry Al-
bert, beloved son of Thomas K. and Sarah A.
Harris, and brother of Lucy A.. Ella A. and
Thomas E. Harris, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 8 months and 6 days.
t___TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the residence
Of his parents, 2 Bond street, thence to the
M. E. Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Services at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HASHAGEN— In Linden, Cal.. Martin, hus-
band of Anna Hashagen.
H__?The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Linden.
HENKO — In Alameda, May 4, 1899, A. V.
Henko. beloved husband of Euphemia Henko,
and father of Rose. Euphemia and Alto
Henko, a native of Russia, aged 39 years 5
months and 17 days.
C?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2111 Clement avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. San Francisco, via
12 o'clock creek boat.
HILL— In this city. May 5, 1899, Charles S. Jr.,
beloved son of Francis and Charles Hill, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 1
month and 5 days.
C_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his "parents, 306 Chattanooga street, be-
tween Twenty-fourth and Jersey. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
HOWE— In the City and County Hospital,
May 5. 1899. George Washington Howe, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 28 years.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 3. 1899, Nels John-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 42 years.
t___TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fel-
lows' building, corner Seventh and Market
streets, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge
No. 222, I. O. O. F. Interment laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. C.
Bunker & Co.. 26C6 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
LAMBETH— In this city. May 5, 1599, Milton,
husband of the late Minnie J. Lambeth, a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 69 years.
LANNON— In this city. May 5, 1599. Frank A.,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Lannon. father
of May Lannon. and brother of P. W. Lan-
non, a native of Wisconsin, aged 32 years and
1 month.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOCHHEAD-In this city. May 4. 1899. John
H. Lochhead, M.D., beloved father of Mary
Adams of Philadelphia. Pa., and Indie Mas-
ters of London, England, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 85 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— this city. May 6. 1899.
Charles Edward, dearly beloved son of Ar-
mour and Sarah McLaughlin, a native of Pan
Francisco, aged 4 months and 26 days.
\__ZTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of" his parents, 716 Grove street, be-
tween Buchanan and Webster. Interment
private. Masonic Cemetery.
McMAHON— In this city. May 3, 1599, Thomas
F., beloved husband of Mary A. McMahon.
a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 52
years.
(I._yThe funeral will take- rlace this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 4. 1899. Stephen
Henry, dearly beloved son of Patrick and
the late Johanna O'Brien, and brother of
Michael. Richard E.. Jeremiah. George, Tim-
othy and the late John Thomas O'Brien, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
REDDY— In South San Francisco, May 4, 1899.
Walter, beloved son of John and Mary A.
Reddy, father of Charley. Frank and Alice
Reddy. and brother of John. Charles. George
and Edward Reddy, Mrs. Herrman Widman
and Mrs. John Ronan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years and 10 months.
- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
•(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1521 Eleventh avenue south, between
Railroad avenue and M street south, thence
to All Hallows' Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city, May 3, 1«99, Anna
Emilia, only and beloved daughter of Philip
__%id Emilia Schmidt, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years 4 months and 13 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2121 Chestnut street, between
Stelner and Pierce. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
SPENCER— In this city. May 5, 1899. Henry
James, infant son of Henry and Jennie Spen-
cer, a native of San Francisco, aged 9 months
and 15 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, May 5. 1899. Joseph
Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. 8. Godenu. 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SYCE— In this city. May 6, 1899. Leo Anthony,
beloved son of Thomas and Mamie Syce, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 3
months.
tt_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 35 Tehama street, between
First and Second.- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TIEDEMANN- this city, April 17. 1899, Wil-
liam Tledemann, beloved brother of Helnrich
Tledemann and Mrs. Peter Rethwlsch, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 65 years. ■..• .■ .. ■
D__rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlor-
of Charles J. B. Metzle-, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Charles J. B. Metz-
. ler, 636 Washington streeet.
"WEIRICH— In this city. May 4, 1899. Bertha,
beloved daughter of Gustave and Meta Wei-
rich, and sister of Gustave Weirlch, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged S years and
5 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 320 Clementina street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WALLACE— A requiem mass for the repose of
. the soul of Miss Romietta Wallace win be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, this
day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock. Friends are in-
vitee, tc attend. ■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EUBALMBS^
to Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School*
. Telephone South w. ;, :
II "?12
OFFICE HOLDERS MAY
DEFEAT THE CHARTER
Form a Trust, Contribute Funds
and Employ Legal Counsel.
Beginning of an Organized Effort to Render Invalid
the City's New Organic Law — Will Try
to Prevent an Election.
THE office holders of the city and
county of San Francisco have
-formed a. trust and subscribed to
a fund for the purpose of defeat
ing the provisions of the new
charter. Legal counsel has been em
ployed and as soon as the necessary
steps can be taken the aid of the courts
will be invoked to prevent the holding
of a primary election and a municipal
election for the purpose of electing offi
cers of the city and county as provided
for by the charter.
For reasons that are apparent the
movement by which the office holders
have banded themselves together has
been kept secret until all of the Inter
ested officials had pledged themselves
to lend moral and financial support to
the scheme to defeat the new organic
law So far as can be learned but two
of the officers of the municipal govern
ment have refused to enter into the
compact. These are Mayor Phelan and
City and County Attorney Lane.
"I refused to become a party to the
scheme," said Attorney Lane yesterday,
••because to do so 1 would have to
stultify myself and violate my own
conscience and the expressed wishes of
the people who elected me. Some time
ttgo an attorney came to me and asked
me how much I was willing to contrib
ute to a fund to fight the charter and
its provisions as regards the terms of
present 'dice holders. 11-' was willing,
he said, i" guarantee that 1 should hold
office at least two years. I Informed
him that I would not consider the prop
osition for the reason that I was in
favor of the charter, had worked for it
and wanted to Bee its provisions car
ried into effect. That ended the mat
ter so far as I was concerned, but I am
informed that wit* the exception of
Mayor Phelan and possibly one other
official all of the present office holders
under the municipal government have
entered into the combination and will
light the provisions of the charter to
the titter end.
"So far as 1 am concerned, when my
successor is elected under the pro
visions of the charter I will step down
and out without a word of protest."
Attorney A. Hue:' has been selected
as the legal representative of the office
holders' trust and he is now at work
preparing an extensive brief upon
which the contention of his clients is to
be supported in the courts. As soon
as he has completed this preparatory
work active measures will 1" taken to
prevent the election of the successors
of the men who claim the right to hold
office contrary to the provisions of the
new ■.barter.
"I am not at liberty at this time to
discuss the particulars of the fight that
we will make against the charter," Lid
Attorney Ruef yesterday, "but you may
quote me as saying that there Is not a
shadow of a doubt but that the pro
visions of the charter, so far as they
apply to present Bee holders, will be
declared invalid by the courts. It may
1..- that the entire charter will be de
clared invalid, unconstitutional and
void. I have been employed to take
the initial steps in the matter and have
mv brief almost completed.
"I do not care to disclose the -rounds
on which the provisions of the charter
and the charter itself will be attacked.
1 can only say in a general way that
we believe th" county officers may hold
their offices for the full four years for
which they were elected, and that the
provisions of the charter which would
limit their tenure of office to "tie year
are unconstitutional. As to the city
officers we hold that they are entitled
to hold office for the full two years for
which they were elected for the reason
that the whole charter is invalid. I do
not think it wise to point out the law
upon which we will base our conten
tion, but we have not the least doubt
of our ability to accomplish all that we
propose to do and when the matter
comes up in the courts we will explode
ii bombshell that will be a big surprise
to some people."
If what Attorney Ruef says be true
then all of the time and money and all
of the laborious and painstaking work
that was necessary to frame th.- char
ter fend secure its ratification by the
Legislature has been thrown away.
Not "illy this, but the litigation that
Is about to be precipitated by the office
holders will involve the city and its
affairs in a legal controversy that will
require the expenditure of a great
amount of money and will throw the
affairs of government into such a hope
less tangle as will result in irremedi
able loss and confusion.
Those office holders who are known to
have entered into the compact to defeat
the charter and retain their official po
sitions beyond tin* time contemplated
by the new organic law decline to dis
cuss th" matter or to even admit that
they intend to appeal to the courts.
They simply refuse to discuss the sub
ject and dismiss all questioners with
the equivocal statement: "Wait till
the time comes. We are not yet pre
pared to discuss the matter."
From hints dropped here and there
it is conjectured that the contention of
the mincers, so far as county officers
are concerned, will be based on the
flriTC-OO A/1 .-.-.4-1-1- , and EXPENSES
jj>l7o — Monthly guaranteed
!__m_- - GOOD MEN and WOMEN .
B___a __FjsS§3**__ To appoint agents and sell our celebrated $5.00 Quaker
$»i HB S-M Folding Thermal Vapor Bath Cabinet. Many earn more.
I\ J m NO CAPITAL OR EXPERIENCE REQUIRED.
H-VS 11l Greatest Monopoly and Money-Maker Ever Offered Agents.
|^\\^s< SBS No competition. A necessity in every home. De- -
\\ k||| mand is enormous Everybody buys. Over 400,000 in
fionnjutfi) 818 use — 82,386 sold by agents since January Ist Ten ,
Hi millions to be sold. OLD-ESTABLISHED FIRM <
ml WE ARE AN OLD-ESTABLISHED FIRM !
HbJWP Perfectly reliable. Capital $100,000 00. Largest ,
HfHESPk--^ manufacturers of Bath Cabinets in the world. i
__tS2^S9r_9ei lA/DITC 180 Tfl nAY statm g a g e ' references, terri- .
Ijj^t^jgaSg Will I Uw I U"U A I tory wanted, etc., and we will j
forward full information, terms, etc. Don't delay. Send your ,
address anyway. THE WORLD MFB, CO., 615 World Building, Cincinnati, Ohio. 1;
section of the constitution which pro
vides that all county governments
shall be uniform in their nature. The
new charter provides that county offi
cers shall hold office for two years,
while the county government act pro
vides that the term of office of all
county officials shall be four years. It
will also be held that under one of the i
provisions of the constitution, in ac- j
cordance with which the charter was
drafted, no power is legated to i
curtail the terms of office of officers
elected prior to the adoption of the j
charter. The section referred to reads
as follows:
Where a city ami county government
has been merged and consolidated into
one municipal government; it shall also j
be competent in any charter framed un
dy said section 8 of said article II ,to
provide for the manner in which, the ;
times at which, and the terms for which
the several county officers shall be elect
ed or appointed, for their compensation,
and for the number of deputies that each
shall have, and for the compensation
payable to each of such deputies. (Amend
ment adopted November 3, 1896.)
F. W. Dohrmann, to whose efforts is
largely due the framing and adoption
of the new charter, believes that the
movement to test the legality of the
charter will result in ultimate benefit
to the city.
"I understand that the county officers
will attempt to hold their offices for the
four-year term In spite of the provisions
of the charter," said Mr. Dohrmann yes
terday, "but 1 have no positive informa
tion on the subject. I have also heard
that the city officers will contest the elec
tion of their successors under the pro
visions of the charter. So far as I re
member the Board of Freeholders did not
consider the question of the constitution
ality of changing the terms .of county
officers from four to two years. We took
it for granted th.it the Legislature has
the power by the ratification of the char
ter to legalize the provisions of that in
strument.
"1; is not to be presumed that an in
strument such as the new charter is can
be put into force and effect without hav
ing its legality and constitutionality
brought Into question. In fact, it is very
desirable that this should be done in
order that there may be in future no
question as to the stability of its pro
visions. The sooner the matter Is tested,
both as to the charter as a whole and as
to Its separate provisions, the better it
will be for the people of the city. If the
present officers of the city and county-
Intend to make this test I, for one, will
not object.
"As a layman I do not care to express
an opinion at this time as to the merits
of the contention that the provisions of
the charter do not affect the county offi
cers who were elected last November. It
is a legal question which the Supreme
Court will have to decide. I will* say.
however, that even if it should be held
that the county officers are entitled to
hold office for the term of four years for
which they were elected. I am of the
opinion that such a ruling would have
no bearing on the standing of their depu
ties and the other attaches of their vari
ous offices.
"If the law is so construed as to ex
empt the present county office holders
from the provisions of the charter such
construction could not be extended to
cover the employment of their ap
point) these, 1 take it, will in any
event come at once under the rules and
provisions of the civil service clauses of
the charter. This being so. it cannot make
a great amount of difference whether or
not the present county officers extend
the term of their incumbency to the end
of th" four year period. If they are good
officers that is all that is desired, and if
the conduct of their offices comes under
the civil service provision of the charter
this cltv will be none the loser.
"As 1 Bald before, the charter will have
to stand the test of the courts, and the
sooner such test is made the better. If
the test is mad.- in the manner intimated
by the present office holders various com
plications will ensue which will in turn
have to be submitted to the decision of
the courts. For instance, the charter
abolishes some offices and creates others,
as in the case of the City and County
Surveyor. This office Is abolished by the
provisions of the charter and In its stead
the office of City Engineer Is created,
Should the courts hold that the city and
County Surveyor, as a county officer, Is
entitled to hold office to the end of the
four year term for which he was elected,
then will arise the question of the pow
ers and duties of the City Engineer who
will be elected next November. These
things, as I say, will have to be settled
by tne courts and If the question of their
settlement can be expedited in any way
the entire community will be benefited.
"What l have said is based on the sup
position that some action is contemplated
by the present office holders looking to
ward securing for themselves the right
to hold office for the full term for which
they were elected, I have no knowledge
that this will lie done, however, and It
may p.- possible that it will not be. The
first election under the charter may be
proceeded with without any trouble of
any hind, which would have the effect, of
course, of making operative from the
very beginning all of the provisions of
the city's new organic law."
First of the series of beautiful Photo-
Chromatic full page pictures, free with
I to-day's News Letter. Be sure and
! get it.
. -c**- — :
City Printing Law.
'Hie demurrer of E. C. Hughes to the
answer tiled by Auditor Wells to his com
plaint to enforce the auditing* of his de
mand against the city fur printing done
was submitted to Judge Beaweli yester
day. The Auditor refused to audit the de
mand on the ground that a recent ordi
nance prohibits the giving of city print
ing to other than union printing establish
ments, and Hughes is a non-union man.
The question tor the court to decide is
whether or not the Supervisors have the
power to thus discriminate and pass such
an ordinance as the one in Question.
THE AN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 6, 1899.
LIVES A WHOLE
YEAR WITHOUT
A STOMACH
Juan Patritti a Medi
cal Marvel.
— ♦ —
IS SLEEK, FAT AND HEALTHY
— —
HIS DIGESTIVE ORGAN WAS RE
MOVED A YEAR AGO.
» .
The Dairyman Eats Everything
From Raviola to Roast Pork,
Drinks Wine and Does
Hard Work.
An Italian named Juan Patrltti has up
! set all preconceived ideas in regard to di
gestion and nutrition. Without a stomach
and consequently without the assistance
of the gastric juices he digests and grows
: fat on soups, spaghetti, ravlola, tamales,
beef, mutton and pork, properly seasoned
with garlic and drinks his usual allow
i ance of wine.
A year ago Patritti was dying of a can
cer of the stomach. To-day lie is halo and
hearty, does his day's work at plowing or
JUAN PATRITTI.
driving a milk wagon and does not know
what dyspepsia means. During, the past
year Patritti has dune so well that he has
purchased a ticket for Europe and next
week he starts on a trip to Italy to visit
his old home.
Patritti's case is the. .only one of its
kind known to medical science. The first
operation for the removal of the stomach
was in Zurich, Switzerland. The patient
was a woman and after her stomach had
been removed -she lived two - years,'- but
was fed on peptonized I food. Another
ca^e was that of Mrs. Magendie, who had
her stomach removed in the German' Hos
pital in this city eighteen months ago.
She is still alive and lives on peptonized
food; but Patritti eats and lives just the
same as he did before' bis stomach was
removed and bis only complaint is that
now he can only work eight* hours a day
instead of ten, as formerly. ■
Patritti is a dairyman in San Mateo
County and 39 years of age. ' About this
time last year he was admitted .to St.
Mary's Hospital and Dr. George Childs
Macdonald diagnosed the case as one- of
cancer of the stomach. It was gathered
from the patient that he had been sick
and unable to work for about three
months. Before that he had never been
sick in bis life. He was very much ema
ciated and weak and subject to violent
paroxysms of vomiting. The case seemed
hopeless, but the doctor decided as a last
resort to remove the whole of the stom
ach. With the assistance of Mrs. Fra
zer, Kingwell. McMonogal and Bailey.
Dr. Macdonald successfully performed the
operation, but the patient was almost in
a state of collapse when it was over. He
gradually rallied, however, and soon was
on the road to recovery.
A month after the operation Patritti
thought he was well "enough to go home,
so without asking anybody's leave he
slipped out of the hospital and was met
on Market street during the afternoon by
Dr. Macdonald carrying a gripsack weigh
ing twelve pounds.- He objected strenu-
sly to being taken back to the hospi
tal, but Dr. Macdonald insisted, and back
he went. He was kept in St. Mary's until
.Inly 28, when he was discharged. At that
time he weighed 107 pounds and he gave
the doctor to understand that his usual
weight was 135 pounds.
From the hospital Patritti went back
to his ranch in San Mateo County and
there he has lived and worked ever since.
He eats the same kind of food as others
in the colony and claims that he can di
gest pork as easily as he can chicken.
A year ago he did not Weigh 100 pounds
and to-day he is within two pounds of his
regular weight— l3s pounds. A few days
ago he told Dr. Macdonald that he was as
well as ever he was, but grumbled be
cause he got tired when he had been
plowing six or seven hours, whereas be
fore his stomach was cut out he could
work ten hours and not feel tired.
The story of tin- successful operation
has been published in all the European
medical journals. so when Partitti
reaches Italy he will be in demand among
the medical colleges and medical fra
ternity generally. • '.~;
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
MEDALS FOB BRAVERY.
Heroes of the San Rafael Orphan
Asylum Fire Honored.
The report of the officers of the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children shows that last month
more work was done than in any month
for the same time. At the meeting held
yesterday Thomas H. Williams Jr. was
elected a life member. Secretary Parnell
reported that the officers had Investigated
th case of Mrs. Golson or Goldstein of
465 Jessie street and found that the peo
ple interested were impostors and that
they are making a fat living by working
upon the sympathies of the public. The
story told Is that the woman's husband
deserted her and her HtUe baby and left
them destitute. Mr. Parnell says the
woman is able to work and that her hus
band seems to be in the conspiracy. The I
Associated Charities has refused to do i
anything for these people for the reason |
given.
The directors decld-d to present to Ru- I
dolph and William Llchtenberg and Mar
garet Blumfield the society's medals of
honor for their bravery in rescuing the
helpless children at the fire of the San
Rafael Orphan Asylum. The report of
the secretary for April showed the fol
lowing business:
Complaints received, 106; investigated, 101;
children involved, IS6; prosecutions, 17; convic
tions, lit; dismissals, 4; children relieved. 134;
placed in institutions, 21; placed in families,
14; returned. to parents or guardians, 12.
RULOFSON'S FIGHT OPENS.
Action to Recover Winslow G. Hall's
Estate Before Judge Belcher.
The action of Alfred C. Rulofson, who
claims to be the legally adopted son of
the late Captain Winslow G. Hall, and
therefore entitled to decedent's entire
estate, against George E. Billings, exe
cutor of Captain Hall's last will, was
taken up yesterday by Judge Belcher.
Noah Brooks, the most important wit-
ness for the defense, was first placed on
the stand with the consent of the plain
tiff, that he might leave the city in the
near future. *
Mr. Brooks, who is at present residing
in the East, but is well known in this
city and State, having been the editor of
the Alta California and Marysville Ap
peal, knew the interested parties in the
present suit well. He testified that he
was aware of the strained relations ex
isting between the plaintiff and his father
at the time it is alleged Captain Hall
adopted the young man. Witness also
was interested in the young man and as
sisted him, but young Rulofson never
confessed to him that he had been
adopted by Captain Hall. Rulofson wrote
him prior to the filing of the suit. He
said he was about to commence an ac
tion to recover Captain Hall's estate, and
asked the witness to try and recall some
knowledge of the time of the plaintiff's
adoption. Mr. Brooks was unable to
recollect that such an adoption had ever
been mentioned to him, and he answered
Rulofson, expressing much surprise at
such a suit.
Mr. Brooks, although a friend of
Captain Hall and the confidant of young
Rulofson, never heard of such an adop
tion. He was unable to say, however,
that such an adoption had not taken
place, but to him it was strange that if
such had come to pass lie was not ap
prised of it. The cross-examination of
Mr. Brooks occupied the remainder of
the sittine., after which the case went
over till Monday.
Reinsteln & Eisner and Reddy, Camp
bell & Metson are representing the plain
tiff, and Chickering, Thomas & Gregory
and Van Ness & Redman are caring for
the Interests of the defendant. Consider
ing the line-up of counsel, an interesting
contest will doubtless spread itself over
several weeks.
WILL MANAGE THE
GROCERS' PICNIC
PROMINENT MERCHANTS ON
THE VARIOUS COMMITTEES.
"The Street," as the neighborhood of
the wholesale grocery houses is (ailed, is
decidedly interested in the outing of the
Retail Grocers' Association, which takes
place at Schuetzen Park Wednesday,
May 10. Practically every house has con
tributed to the lung list of prizes, which
include everything from a barrel of whis
ky to cases of baking powder, sides of ba
con and beautiful bric-a-brac.
The entire management of the affair
has been left to a general committee "of
arrangements consisting of:
Joseph A. Stulz, chairman; John l.aekmann,
Louis Hoffman, J. .1. Hayes, EC. I. Flieser, J.
J. Moran, John Schulken, B. McClay, Alexan
der Irvine, Claus Wreilen, E. H. Hanjes II
Rawe, B. A. Schmidt, J. H. Witte. W. Warnke,
J. XV. King. A. B. Knox, W. F. Harris, J. C.
Nobmann, J. E. A Helms, A XV. behrke. J.
H. Harrje. F. H. Meyer.
The other committees which will have
charge of the various events on the
grounds are as follows:
Reception Committee— Supervisor John I_ack- '
maim, chairman; A. B. Knox, T. H. Corcoran, !
W. F. Harris. J. H. Wltte, D. F. Keefe, L.
Hofmann, J. H. Harrje. I
Honorary Reception Committee E. A. En- j
gelberg, chairman; William fluff. Man Ross,
S. Susaman, H. D. Loveland. Jacob Levi Jr.,
Dan O'Callaghan, Thomas Klrkpatrick, Sol
Ehrmann, F. H. Tyler, John H. Spohn, Jeff
Floyd. C. J. King.
Floor Committee— Hofmann, floor man
ager*. J. 11. Harrje, J. H. Wltte. F. W. Meyer,
A. XV. Lehrke, E. H. Hanjes.
Committee on Games Joseph A. Stulz, chair
man; P. .1. Kennedy, Judge; Joseph Handman,
starter; .1. J. Hanjes. William Ring, H. A.
Roesler Jr.. James Mershon, A. H. Powers Jr.,
J. E. A. Helms. XV. XV. Hewitt, F. W. Thomp
son, A. Irvine.
Ladles' Guessing Contest— A. J. Salazar,
chairman; Otto C. Stovers, F. W. Meyer, John
Lackmann.
Committee on Bowling Alley— Wroden,
chairman; E. I. integer, William Warnke, E.
H. Hanjes, C. Claussen, John Schloen, H.
Rawe.
Committee on Wheel Of Fortune J. J. Moran.
chairman; A. XV. Lehrke, .1. A. Stulz, J. J.
Hayes. B. a. Schmidt.
Shooting Committee— E. A. Helms, chair
man: John XV. Kin*. Eugene McCoy, A. W.
Lehrke. T. H. Corcoran.
Committee on Grocers' Prize Drawing— J. A.
Stulz. chairman; J. C. Nohmann, A. Irvine, F.
XV. Meyer.
Dr. Kreutzmann Wins.
A jury in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
gave judgment in favor of Dr. Henry
Kreutzmann in the action Instituted
against him by Mrs. A. H. Bally to re
cover $20,000 damages for alleged unskill
ful practice upon her. The Jury found that
the charge against the physician was not
founded on fact, and therefore entered
Judgment accordingly.
■ ♦ ■
NOVELTY DAY.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere-
DEATH CLOSES
THE CAREER OF
JOHN BONNER
Famed as a Histori
cal Writer.
4 ,
THE PASSING OF A JOURNALIST
— ♦ —
ONCE A SENSATIONAL OPER
ATOR ON WALL STREET.
c
His Daughter, Miss Geraldine Bon
ner, the Novelist, at His Bed
side When the End
Came.
' ■■
John Bonner, one of the best known
j newspaper writers in America, died at his
home in this city last evening. He had
j been practically confined to his home for
a number of months, having given up ac
! tive work for the press during that pe
riod. He was an editorial writer of
marked ability and as a writer on histor
ical events ranked among the foremost in
the world. Three years ago he made a
i vigorous contest for the office of Secre
tary to the Regents of the University of
California, to succeed the late Rev. Dr.
Bonte, but failed of election.
Deceased was born in Quebec, Canada,
seventy years ago. He first came into
prominence as an editorial writer on the
New York Herald. From that he accepted
a position as editor of Harper's Weekly,
finally drifting back to daily newspaper
work, filling tie position of financial edi
tor of the Herald. He made a fortune as
an operator in Wall street, but finally
failed in a sensational manner. He then
came West, stopping at Leadville, Colo.,
where he remained during the years of
IST!' and 1880. Bonner worked for a lime
on the Leadville Chronicle and afterward
' owned the Leadville News. He came to
', this coast in 1881, was employed as an edi
torial writer on the Chronicle and filled
the same position on The Call from 1886
until 1895, with a brief interval on the
Examiner.
Since then he has contributed to the
Argonaut and Wave and also to the Sun
day Chronicle. He was a most prolific
writer, being a man of great energy and
Industry. He has written some notable
historical sketches and was the author
of a series of histories for young people
published by Harpers on Rome. Greece,
France and Germany. Mr. Bonner spent
five or six years in Paris as representa
tive of the New York Herald and while
there became possesed of a fund of his
torical information which he afterward
: utilized In his writings.
He leaves three children— Miss ral dine
Bonner, who was with him when he died,
: and a son and daughter who are In New
: York. Miss Geraldine Bonner is well
] known as a magazine writer and novelist
1 of ability.
. Mr. Bonner's death was the result of a
general breaking down of his system,
caused in part by grief over the death of
his wife, a son and an adopted daughter,
: all within a period of three years.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
j from his late residence, 1900 Valiejo street.
United by the Bride's Papa.
Davis G. Sanders and Miss Ethel M. Slo
combe were married in. a bower of blos
soms Thursday evening by the Rev. Sam
uel Slocombe, father of the bride, at the
home of the bride's parents, 2.319 Jones
street. Mr. Sanders is a Native Son. He
is at present employed at the Union Iron
"Works in a responsible position. The
bride is the eldest daughter of Dr. Slo
combe. She is a member of the Golden
Gate Union of christian Endeavor Socie
ties and of various other benevolent and
philanthropic organizations* The couple
will reside at 504 Pennsylvania avenue
and will be at home on Thursdays after
May 15. ;■;>: •••.;. ■
QUAKER BATHS, advertised in this
paper, sold by Ferry Drug Co., 8 Mar
ket street; $2 50 to $5. *
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR ELECT OFFICERS.
JOHN TONNINGSEN, Who Will Rule the Destinies of California Com
mandery for the Ensuing Year.
0 fin HERE was a large number of the "fraters" in the hall of California 9
4 :, . Commandery, Knights. Templar, in the Masonic Temple, last night, for 4
88 I the purpose of electing officers for the next term. There was a spirited SS
♦ -*- contest for the office of junior warden and for that of treasurer. The ♦
V choice of the 102 sir knights was John Tonningsen. commander; Frank Titus, «£
_• generalissimo; H. B. Ream, senior warden; C. XV. Taber, junior warden; c.
4 Thomas Morton, treasurer (re-elected); Hiram T. Graves, recorder (re-elected). .
't m The installation of the officers elected and the appointed officers, who will be jg
4 named by the new commander, will be held on the 19th Inst., after which there ♦
_ will be a banquet. .... - *P
*. John Tonningsen, who was elected commander, is well known in this com- £»
? munlty and is very prominent in Masonic circles. He is past master of Ori- ,
*, ental Lodge, F. and A. M.; high priest of California Chapter. R. A. M.; a ',
V member of Islam Temple, A. A. O. N. M. B. ; trustee of the Masonic Hall As- *£
c* sociation; "member of Harmony Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star, # »
4 and now commander of California Commandery, Knights Templar.' Mr. Ton- ♦
SS ningsen is also a member of the order of Odd Fellows..*. •*
. #+-*+-»-»*8S ♦ 88 ♦11 4- ♦W»gß»K*>B^»»-»B»**>*oW>»BS ♦ li ♦ SB ■♦«§-*>BB*->*»H**»»-»*#
Hales. _^ [__ Hales.
XLiXIC 9* I ___--__--__--_— w--_--«-*^-k^"»^^
Stark's £
/ Orchestra at \
} Hale's >
? To=day. £
f A continuation of these popular concerts. Many music-lovers drop in
\ Saturday p. m. simply to hear the concert. Always welcome. The f
f program to-day is interesting. )
J '. l-March-**Le Pere de la Victoire" * ' _*££ C
y 2 Overture Domino N01r".... komzak V*.
S a -Gavotte-"Dle Lantenschlagerin" w-Mt"ufel P
/ .4- Waltz-'.-Tres. Jolles' . olnne ■
J Mazurka— "Tzigane •• Tnhanl 1
J _ -Echoes from the Metropolitan Opera House S™ \
C 7-March-"Egyptlan" ....... ; • Sift J
8-Overture—"Bohemlan Girl .......... .... winner /T
. 1 9— "Woman's Procession" from ."Lohengrin *v\agn.r _
J p. -Waits- "Thousand and One Nights" St«USS V
r ■■ 11— Medley on Popular Airs ***• cl _y
V 12— Finale. J
x Jouvan Gloves $1.25 pair. Baby Crib Comforters. \
We find 900 pairs of 4-buttoned Jouvan A neat little comforter for a small f
J el ■■.«' on hand The famous $1 50 crib, prettily figured silk. dine covering. 1.
y French kid "Jouvan." Nearly all the pure white cotton filled; light and
C wanted shadings in a good assort- dainty; warm as toast; 36x48 CA- . J
V ment of sizes; fashion seems to de- inches: car). % C"Vw r
■ mand clasps. To keep the race even .
y we cut the $1 60 4-button to $1 25 pair; CURTAIN SWISS 5000 yards of white /
fitted and guaranteea: cleaned and curtain Swiss came our way at a lit- X
J mended free; ready to-day; Cl OR tie price, yard wide, 6. patterns; C r
y a r tJJt«_-(CF good at 10c; to go at, yard.... O^/ V_._T''
C Saturday always a gala day In gloves. I HUCK TOWELS- 1900 in all **
J The ft M clasp fast gaining popularity. ■ (to be exact. 1896. or 158 dozen); fine ■
y * weave and heavily fringed colored bor- \
f • ders; an elegant towel; 21x44 inches; J
-* » . it « i '_>_" tin lat tne llnen counters, aisle | ££*(* y
J Silk-Lined Jackeis $5.00. m; each IbsC C
C Tan covert cloth, lined throughout ]„...-_ % « . J
% with silk. elegantly made, fly front, rhllrtrgfl C HatS. I
V lop stitched seams; tailored as prettily VIIIIUIVII J iiui_>. *
J and carefully as a $15 <C_5L OO Assortments larger than usual. A . "" v
y jacket; in the cloak rooms *p_ , e\JT-' particularly desirable line between $2 J
V ■ • and $4 each. .It isn't always economy y
_ BROADCLOTH CAPES black, tan. to trim children's hats at home; many ■
• y castor or navy, silk lined, flounced i ladies seem surprised; labor wasted and **.
, r ? :: ; cape; an excellent value; ffff (\fi economy lost sometimes, In home mak-
\^&&UA__U<_<Wr/ „ /Aw/ _. (*i_)
x**-______*^*_W/ <&?^__s_ /AY/ s_tf^_\ s_i-*^?
yw/ Amr^ Xi
*^ GOO&__%m^ //^
£ 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. <^
THE DEADLY CAR
"FENDER" AGAIN
FINDS A VICTIM
An old man, apparently between 60 and >
70 years of age, was struck and killed by
Kearny and Mission street car No. 1169 at
the corner of Jackson and East streets
late last night. The victim was shabbily
dressed, and there is no clew to his iden
tity except a letter found on his person
addressed to William Kinkead, house 3,
Almshouse. After the accident an ambu
lance was summoned from the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital, but the old man passed
away before its arrival. He had been
rolled over several times by the alleged
fender and hi* neck was broken.
Patrick the motorman on the ear.
was booked for manslaughter after the
accident. He claims to have been run
ning at about half speed when the old
man stepped on the track. He shouted
to him and set up brakes, but before the
car could be stopped the fatality hap
pened. The body was taken to the Morgue.
Labor Council's Meeting.
The boycott instituted by the Bill-
posters' Union against Slebe & Green was
made a matter of lengthy discussion at
a meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council last evening. A motion to notify _
theatrical managers that the boycott wa^
on and requesting them to withhold thei'^4
patronage from the objectionable firm
was made and carried. A committee was
appointed to attend to the matter and
urge the cause of the bill-posters, and to
also notify the Allied . Trades and tho
Building Trades Council. The Musicians'
Union asked that a certain club giving
dances in this city be boycotted, but ac
tion was referred to the executive com
mittee. Credentials received from John
I. Nolan as a delegate from the Molders'
Union and. from I. N. Burke of Carpen
ters' Union No. 483 were accepted ' and.
both gentlemen were seated. Delegates
from most of the labor organizations re
ported an increase in business. The sail
ors stated that their fight was still on
with the ship-owners. A milkers' union
was recently- organized, and its affairs
are prospering. The carpenters reported
that many firms had discharged non
union men and that the prospects of
unionizing the city were very bright. The
coopers complained that labor-saving ma
chinery had reduced them a!! to about
half time.
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
:(iCOB«'OI'ATeB ___j__F HW XsW ■"■sr*
SATURDAY LEADERS I^
Extra Creamery Butter - = 27 Jc
Take advantage of this sale
ami lay in your winter supply.
Regular, -".i- square.
Petaluma Ranch Eggs ■ ■ 15c doz.
Regular, 20c.
Eastern Sugar=cured Hams - - 10c
Our last sale of Hams
made as many friends. Com
early and leave your orders.
Regular, 1- .
Babbitt's Soap, 7 bars - = - 25c
. inly 50c worth allowed
on each order.
Lea & Perrins' Sauce = — 20c
This is the genuine Imported.
Two bottles allowed on
each order. Regular, 30c.
Tourist an I Picnic Luncheons at
Lowest Cut Prices.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Seventh Street.
Phone S. 292. ><*> Branch Stores.
I" THREE GOOD MONTHS: [*
Nov. 793, March 935, April 840 |
r_% x\ 1
BICYCLES
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & lflth, S. F. 1
Open Wednesday * Saturday evenings. 3
_m_m^_mm^^miW
MAKE PERFECT WiEt_
aDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! Tho joys and ambitions of
life can bo restored to you. The very
worst eases of Xerroun Debility are
absolutely cured by PERFECTO
TA B LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing; memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'.y years-
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give / _fSf^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eye* of A^*T\youncorold.
One DOc box renews vital energy. gJJl.BJC boxes at
$2. 50 a complete ifuaranteed cure vJJtJT or money re-
funded. Can be carried in rest ***' pocket. Sold
everywhere r,i* mailed in r»laln wrapper on receipt of
v -.i„;. >- -•■■ .. ■ --.---, -._• .... - *-"•*■ hi.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
L A D i E S do too now
£ j_*\ DR * FEUX LE BRUN'S _
\$F |i Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment*
"I 3 ie the original and only FRENCH,
J Q^ safe and reliable core on the mar.
y ""^rket. Price. $1.00; sent by auuX
£ T Genuine Bold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole X_tai_
tU Kearny it.. Su ITwctaco.