VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 105.
BOOKMAKERS ARRESTED AT THEIR VICIOUS GAME
Exciting Scenes
at the Race
Course.
Gamblers Freed
by an Officious
Clerk.
The Municipal Authorities
Are Indignant Over
the Unseemly
Affair.
Yesterday was a day of varied inci
dent for the authorities of San Fran
cisco and for the blackleg horde that
has invaded the city and is living in
evil success upon the people. Early in
the morning Chief of Police Lees or
dered that a corps of police, numbering
fifty men, be placed in readiness, under
Captains Wittman and Gillen, to pro
ceed to the Ingleside racecourse. The
police official? assembled at their sta
tions shortly after 2 o'clock and waited
for the order to move to the racecourse.
The order was not long delayed and in
a few minutes the men, under the per
■onal direction of Chief of Police Lees,
■were on the way.
In the meantime the gamblers of Itv
grleside had not been idle. Consultations
had been held down town and a plan
of campaign had been outlined. The
Oakland contingent loaned Henry Ach
to th" Ingleside people as a legal ad
viser and Ach pressed James Lone into
the service of his clients. Ed Corrigan,
Ach. Secretary Green and the private
detectives employed by the racing
gamblers held a conference and it was
determined to fight. The bookmakers
vere not consulted at that time, as the
managers of the track wished to avoid,
technically at least, the offense of of
ficially permitting the gamblers to
operate at the track.
After the conference several tele
phone messages were sent and the re
eult of one of them was that John P.
Bice, clerk in Police Judge Conlan's
Court, appeared at the racecourse be
fnre the first race. The presence of
Bice in his official capacity at the track
is denounced by members of the Board
of Supervisors, by Police Judge Conlan
and by the police as an unwarranted
outrage. Rice was to act as the tool
of Corrigan and the gamblers. The
Police Court clerk came well supplied
With blank orders of release for the ex
pected emergency of the afternoon. He
took upon himself to abuse the author
ltiy with which the Supervisors have
clothed him as a clerk of the Police
Court.
Shortly before the time came for the
opening of books on the first race the
bookmakers went to the office of the
eecretary and asked what they should
-do. They were told to open their books
!and accept bets as the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club would protect them and
".would supply bonds for their release if
they were arrested. The managers of
the association thus placed themselves
under the operation of the law and
made themselves liable to arrest, which.
"by the leniency of the police, they es
caped. The bookmakers, touts, gam
blers and jockeys were not so fortu
nate.
An expectant crowd was furnished
•with several interesting events not on
the card. Twenty arrests were made
tor violation of the new anti-pool law
passed by the Board of Supervisors
Monday. Fifty policemen marched into
the betting ring and under direction of
Chief Lees the first step to remove the
curse of the city was taken. The men
arrested were:
SAM SHAEN, blockman for
George Rose's field book.
H. L. JONES, booking under th«
name of Stuyvesant Ciub (Johnny
Coleman's b<->ok).
LOUIS SANDERSON, time-keeper.
H. NATHAN, clerk.
JAMES WILSON, waiter.
AL CONEY, horseman.
ABE ENKLE, bookmaker.
JAMES NEAL, horseman.
CHARLES SCOTT, bookmaker's
clerk ("Scotty" Rottenstein).
M. JACOBS, official pool-buyer
Pacific Coast Jockey Club ("Jew"
Jacobs).
JOE REID, clerk for Bookmaker
Humphries.
JOE LEVY, cashier for Barney
Behreiber.
ADOLPH DENNERY, horseman.
CHABLES LEW, bookmaker
jockey.
JAMES REILLY, bookmaker.
HARRY HINTON, pool-buyer.
ABE LEVY, bookmaker (auction
eer-'-fall-guyg").
FRANK WALL, messenger.
THOMAS GREEN, valet ("Ging
er" Green, valet for Joe Narvaez).
JO OPPENHEIMER, bookmaker
(ex-pool-buyer).
In anticipation of a sensation more
than the usual number of persons went
to thr- trark. The announcement that
the new law would be rigidly enforced, j
The San Francisco Call.
POLICE RAID INGLESIDE AND ENFORCE THE LAW
THE gamblers of Ingleside intend to fight for the vicious privilege which the people of San Francisco, in
defense of their most sacred interests, have destroyed. When the ordinance prohibiting bookmaking
and poolselling was signed by the Mayor it became operative. The gamblers of the racecourse knew
this fact, as they have attorneys who know the law. In defiance of the law, however, the managers of Ingle
side instructed the gamblers not to interrupt their trade at the track, and the result was a remarkable
scene at the racecourse. A series of arrests was made and prosecutions in the Police Court will follow.
Chief of Police Lees says he will enforce the law, and the gamblers declare that they will not submit. The
contest is one of the greatest that was ever fought in the city, as the issue is one perfectly defined be
tween morality and corruption.
by the Police Department drew many !
non-frequenters to the betting ring.
The gamblers, 'too, were there en
masse. The?* 1 fastidious parasites, hav
ing been informed by their attorneys
that wholesale arrests were to be
made, provided themselves with sub
stitutes who were willing to take a ride
in the patrol wagons and suffer the in
convenience of arrest. The real cul
prits, by placing straw men on the bet
ting stands, saved their sensitive souls
from the annoyance of having the
heavy hand of a just law interrupt
their nefarious trade.
These sleek, smooth bookmakers
have been party to innumerable trag
edies, far greater than the mere ar
rest of a person for misdemeanor, and
perhaps they feared a guilty conscience
! would recall too many ruined men and
i women if they should, even for an
hour, be detained behind prison bars.
Three or four of the leading gam
blers decided to quit before the police
arrived. The season at Ingleside is
nearly ended, these men have made a
good clean-up, and they did not wish
to have their departure for the East
with the misspent money of their
I dupes deferred by a case in court. Be
fore the first race the bookmakers vis-
ited Secretary Green of the Jockey Club
to ascertain what to do.
They were informed that the police
were en route to the track, to raid the
betting ring. The association attor
ney guaranteed to furnish bail and
orders of release for all who might be
arrested, arid at the request of Mr. Ach.
the attorney, several bookmakers
agreed to continue business and sub
mit to arrest, in order to furnish cases
to test the validity of the ordinance
passed by the Supervisors. The book
makers did not go into their stands,
but sent their clerks and sheet writers
to the sacrifice. About 3 o'clock, just
before the third race was called, the
loud-voiced announcer shouted: "There
are 200 police outside the gate." Then
the excitement of the day began. Sev
eral of the more timid "bookies" went
out of business instantly. They pulled
down their slate?, destroyed, sheet?,
pocketed the contents of the cash
boxes and jumped into the ring.
In the midst of the bustle and hurry
two squads of police, headed by Chief
Lees, Captain Wittman, of the Central
District, and Captain Gillen of the
Seventeenth-street Station, marched
into the betting ring. Lawyer Ach ap
proached the Chief and inquired what
he intended to do. Chief Lees declared
he was there to stop pool selling, and
would arrest any person selling or
purchasing a pool ticket.
When the officers entered the betting
ring, and while the Chief was consult
ing with Mr. Ach, the crowd of touts,
stable boys and racetrack derelicts
jeered and hooted at the bluecoats.
All sorts of vile and obscene epithets
were hurled at the bluecoats. and un
fortunately they were obliged to re
ceive the insults without retaliating.
"With a foreknowledge that a pliant
Police Court Clerk was on the ground
to accept any old bond and issue an
order of release several bookmakers
resumed business. Stool pigeons had
been instructed to purchase tickets,
and then the fun began. Before any
arrests were made, however, Billy Bev
erly, Joe Rose, Hoffmann & Co. and
Gus Bluhm pulled down their signs and
left the ring. George Rose's field book
started to do business, and Sam Shaen,
the blockman, and H. Nathan, the
sheet writer, were taken into custody.
Nathan neglected to obey instructions
from his boss and had his sheet tacked
to a board. ■ He endeavored to destroy
the record of bets, and the officers, see
ing the attempt to destroy evidence,
used force, burst into the stand and
secured possession of the sheet. Nath
an was roundly cursed by Shaen for
his stupidity in furnfshing the authori
ties with evidence. Nathan and Shaen
were jollied from all sides of the ring,
and then the chaff became general as
additional arrests were made.
Hughy Jones, who had charge of
Johnny Coleman's book, was the next
"martyr to the police persecution." He
did not relish his position In the least,
jo Levy was next taken ofT the block
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
on Barney Rchreiber's stand, and from
that time on until the last race was run
every person attempting to violate the
law was instantly arrested.
James Wilson, a waiter, and Louis
Sanderson, a timekeeper, were ar
rested for buying pool-tickets, and
Phacn, Nathan and Jones were taken to
the Seventeenth street police station in
a patrol wagon. They were booked,
searched and placed in the dark, dank
cell, where they remained for over an
hour, before Jimmy Long, the Police
Court lawyer, arrived with a bundle of
blank orders of release which Judge
Conlan's clerk. Rice, had so accommo-
datingly prepared. These orders wore
signed but no names filled in. This
was Long's part of the work. Thanks
to Rice's system there was nothing to
prevent Long releasing every prisoner
in the City Prison who is not charged
with a felony. Long apologized to his
clients for not getting to the police sta
tion ahead of them, and he abused the
driver of the patrol wagon for hurrying
the gamblers to jail.
When the prisoners left Ingleside
Chief Lees telephoned to the sergeant
at the Seventeenth-street station to
search every one of them for evidence.
This was considered a gross indignity
Ingleside's Career of Evil, Under Official Ban, Is
Interrupted by the Police.
by the racetrack men, but they had to ,
submit.
While the first wagon was on the way
to the police station more arrests were
being made at the track, and Long and
his liberated clients awaited the ar
rival of the second load, which consist
ed of seven more "horsemen." These
men were booked and discharged rap
idly, and by the time they were dis
posed of eight more were brought in by
the two other wagons which were sent
to the track.
The last arrests were made during
the fifth race and none of the prisoners
cut much figure at the track or else
where. Two or three of the latter
bunch, at the instigation of Lawyer
Ach, endeavored to play a joke on the
police and at the same time cloud the
legal issue in court. Charles Lew
mounted a box and stuck up a racing
card several days old and Abe Levy
put in a "marker" on one of the horses.
Lew handed Levy an old ticket and at
this point both were arrested. Attor
ney Ach will raise the point that these
men and the others are not guilty of
any infraction of the law as no money
was passed.
During the last race open bookmaking
was not attempted, but the more prom
inent gamblers were accommodated in
the ring by the bookmakers. No money
was exchanged and no tickets written.
The bookman gave odds to his old pa
trons and the sports put in markers.
The day at the track ended quietly,
considering the unusual incidents. After
the last race was run Chief Lees and
Captains Wittman and Gillen went to
the Seventeenth-street station to see
what was done with the prisoners.
When the Chief learned that Police
Court Clerk Rice had issued a job lot
of release orders to accommodate the
jockey club lawyers he became very
indignant. He informed Long that no
more orders of that character would be
accepted by the police and he told Cap
tain Wittman to issue instructions to
that effect. At 6 o'clock all the Ingle
side prisoners had left the police sta
tion. They will appear in Judge Con
lan's court this morning at 10 o'clock.
Tho incidents at the racetrack yos
terday afternoon have created wide
spread commont in local official circles.
The presence and obnoxious activity of
Clerk Rice have particularly aroused
indignation. Chief of Police Lees de
clares that Rice had no right to do as
he did and no such procedure will be
accepted in the future. The arrests
will be made in a proper way and re
leases will be secured in a legal way.
In discussing the outrage last nignt
Police Judge Conlan said:
I am informed that the clerk of my
court went to the Ingleside race track
yesterday afternoon and accepted and
issued blank bonds in the cases of a
number of bookmakers and sheet-
writers who were arrested for violat
ing the betting ordinance passed by
the Board of Supervisors Monday
last.
If the bonds and orders of dis
charge were blank at the time of their
issuance they were clearly and un
doubtedly illegal, and therefore void.
The clerk is appointed by the Board
of Supervisors, and, unfortunately, is
responsible only to them for such ac
tions.
I as Judge have absolutely no con
trol over him or his actions outside of
my courtroom. I did not authorize,
| under any circumstances, his pres
ence there to accept such bonds, and
it was without my knowleoge that he
was there. Furthermore, I particular
ly do not countenance, and I disap
prove of his actions in signing such
orders of release. I am remarkably
' surprised, however, that the police
i did not realize that a clerk had no
! right to fix the amount of bail in
such cases. I cannot understand why
the police, knowing the law as they
do, should accept the orders under
1 the circumstances under which they
were presented.
It also has come to my knowledge
that certain comments have been
made in reference to the probable dis
position of these cases should they
come up in my court. I have not as
yet received a copy of the ordinance
nor have I perused its contents. In
the event of the cases coming up be
[ fore me I will give the accused a fair j
trial, fair play and at the same time
see that the law is upheld.
Members of the Board of Supervisors
declare that the action of Rice has
aroused them to the necessity of re
organizing that part of the Police
Court system over which they have
control. They appoint the clerks, and
do not intend that their employes sha'l
abuse their authority to bring into con
tempt local laws. The Chief of Police
declares that he will not only refuse
to accept bonds as they were given yas
terday, but he will investigate thor
oughly the character of the bonds that
have already been given. The affair
has created widesperad indignation.
To-day the gamblers will again ply
thr ir trade, and again they will be ar-
rested. The police will act until they
are stopped i>y the courts. It is left
to the gamblers to determine how the
final test shall be made.
It has been the custom of the police
to arrest the clerk in poolrooms who
sold the tickets to the officer making
the complaint, but yesterday it was de
cided to arrest the proprietors of the
poolrooms also, and Policemen Esola
and Tyrrell, after obtaining the neces
sary warrants, arrested Henry
Schwartz, Fourth and Market streets:
John Glynn, of Broyer <fc Glynn. 276
Stevenson street and Fourth and Mis
sion street (two charges), and John
Connolly, of Dunn & Co., 206 Steven
son street. They each gave $100 cash
bail and were released.
GAMBLERS DEFIANT.
Secretary Green of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club is beginning to show signs
of the strain he has been under during
the past few days. In the absence of
President Androus and through the Ill
ness of Director Crocker the burden of
the emergency has fallen on his should.
ers. Last night he and Ed Corrigan
were in consultation for nearly two
hours and when the latter left Mr.
Green stood by his desk with a wearied
and worried look on his face.
The secretary was loth to make any
statement for publication, but in the
course of an interview said: "Acting
on the advice of our attorney, Henry
Ach, we will race at Ingleside to-mor
row and even sell pools on the results.
We appreciate the fact that the public
does not attend the races for pleasure,
but for the purpose of betting.
"The action of the Supervisors came
as a thunderbolt to us. We have great
interests at stake and we don't think
the board treated us rightly. In fact
they ignored us completely. We have
not as yet decided to go across the bay
and finish our season. We can do so,
but on the advice of our attorney we
intend staying in this city and await
developments. Mr. Ach will appear in
court to-morrow and represent our as
sociation and we have full confidence
in his ability to defend our position. At
present I am unable to make any
further statement, but may do so here
after." ._.
CORRIGAN IS SILENT.
Ed Corrigan was in close consultation
with Secretary Green of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club last night and when
the "Iron Chancellor" of the racing
world left the rooms of the organiza
tion in the Palace he wore a troubled
look.
He declined to say anything for pub
lication, but declared that The Call had
£}V;ea iiim a lot fit jtrpuble and .was in*
juring him in a business way. Mr.
Corrigan then retired to his room, leav
ing word with the hotel clerk to be
sure and have him called at 6 o'clock
sharp.
BRIBERY WILL
BE ATTEMPTED
Gamblers Speed to Sac-
ramento for Relief.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 14.— An attempt is to
be made to induce the Legislature to
pass a law that will nullify the or
dinance pasßed by the Board of Super-
visors and which prohibits the selling
of pools or bookmaking'on horse races
within the corporate limits of San
Francisco. In order to make the at
tempt successful the 520,000 raised by
the racetrack people to defeat the or
dinance in San Francisco is to be
brought to Sacramento and distributed
where it will do the most good.
Ex-State Senator Androus, presi
dent of the Ingleside racetrack, has
been in Sacramento several days look
ing after poolroom and racetrack legis
lation, and he is still on the ground
and will remain here for the purpose of
furthering any legislation that may
be introduced for the purpose of
thwarting the will of the people of the
metropolis as expressed by the action
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
To-day Vice President Henry J.
Crocker of the Ingleside racetrack cams
up from the city for the purpose of as
sisting Androus in the effort to induce
the members of the Legislature to rush
through some bill that will legalize the
Ingleside gambling game.
It is generally understood that the
present session of the Legislature will
be brought to an end on Saturday of
this week in spite of the fact that there
is much important legislation pending
that cannot and will not be reached on
the Assembly and Senate flies.
To introduce a new measure at this
time would be equivalent to consign
ing it to oblivion unless there is be
hind it a sufficient amount of money
to purchase for it the consideration
and immediate attention of legisla
tors. It is a matter of common knowl
edge that a fund of $20,000 was
raised to defeat the anti-pool selling
ordinance in San Francisco. It is also
known that the greater portion of
this sum of money was not and could
not be used because of the incorrupti
bility of the Supervisors whom the
race track people sought to corrupt.
It is this money that is to be brought
to Sacramento and used as an induce
ment to legislators who have been
working without pay for two weeks to
vote for some measure that will have
for its purpose the legalizing of the
gambling game that the people of the
metropolis are trying to suppress.
"Mo" Gunst arrived in Sacramento
to-night for the purpose, it is said, of
interesting himself in proposed meas
ures for rehabilitating the gambling
game in San Francisco. He will lead
the gambling and poolselling brigade
in the endeavor that, is to be made to
defeat local legislation in the metropo
lis. Much comment is being indulged
in respecting the propriety of one of
San Francisco's Police Commissioners
openly interesting himself with gam
blers in a bold attempt to defeat the.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Prosecutionsto
BeSpeedyand
Vigorous.
Bribery Campaign
Transferred to
Sacramento.
law and legalize a pursuit that is In
jurious to the morals nf the community.
After such a decided expression of
opinion as has been given by San Fran
ripro through their Board of Supervi
sors, the attitude assumed by Gunst is
subjecting him to the most severe criti
cism.
MR. HOBART'S FUTURE
UNDER DISCUSSION
Unwritten Law Gives the Vice Presi
dent Only One Term in
Office.
NEW YORK. March 14.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: The question whether Vice-
President Hobart shall he renominated
nf>xt year will probably be. determined
during the sojourn of President McKinley
with Mr. Hobart and Senator Hanna at
the latter's winter home in Thomasville,
Ga. The matter was under discussion at
the White House last Sunday night be
tween the President and one or two of his
Cabinet advisers, and it was quite evident
from the President's utterances he ia
willing to retain Mr. Hobart as his col
league upon the Presidential ticket. There
are between Mr. McKinley and Mr. Ho
bart the warmest and most cordial rela
tions.
With the President agreeable to Mr.
Hobarfs renomination, and with Mr. Ho
bart willing again to stand for election,
with Senator Hanna entertaining a high
personal regard for the Vice-President
and with the Cabinet officers of the same
opinion, it might be taken for granted
that Mr. Hobarfs renomlnation Is as
sured This would undoubtedly be tha
case were it not for the unbroken precr
dent whirh displaces the \ ice-President
at the close of his first term.
The political future of Mr. Hobart.
therefore, is in the balance while the
leaders of the Republican party confer at
Other matters are to be discussed, one
of the most Important being the com
mencement of the campaign of next year.
The main question to he decided now 13
whether Mr. Hobart shall be allowed to
break an unwritten rule. If not. a state
ment from him declaring that his per
sonal interests will not allow a further
sacrifice may be expected during the com
ing summer.
BRYAN'S REBUKE AND
BELMONT'S RETORT
Caustic Messages Brought Forth bj
an Invitation to a
Banquet.
NEW YORK. March 14.— The following
dispatch has been received by Perry Bel
mont president of the Democratic Club,
in response to an invitation which was
sent to William J. Bryan to attend the
banquet to be given by the club in honor
of Thomas Jefferson on April 13:
"LINCOLN, Nfcbr.. March 13.
"Hon Perry Belmont, Democratic Club,
New York: Invitation received. Remem
bering that you openly repudiated the
Democratic platform in the last cam
paign I desire to know before answering
the invitation whether you have since
the election publicly announced your con
version to the principles set forth in that
platform. WILLIAM J. BRYAN.
In answer Mr. Belmont teleghaphed aa
follows to Mr. Bryan: "
"The invitation extended to you is on
behalf of the Democratic Club. Individ
ual opinions have not been considered in
issuing the invitations to celebrate the
birthday of Thomas Jefferson.
THREATENED RISING
OF COLORADO UTES
DENVER, March 14.— A special to the
News from Price, Utah, says: Reports
from White Rocks Agency are to the ef
fect that the Indian leaders there are
restless and serious trouble is anticipated
by Indian Agent Myton, by reason of the
fact that the men who control the chiefs
desire to return to their former reserva
tion in Colorado. The matter was pre
sented to Agent Myton by the head men
of the Whits River Utes some ten days
ago and the agent referred the matter to
Washington. Nothing has been heard
from The Interior Department, and th«
consequence is the Indians are becoming
restless, and, it is said, threaten all man
""The* Indians behind the agitation are
old men, and were more or less identified
with the Meeker massacre. This iacr has
caused some alarm, and by reason of
*cent Myton's return to White Rocks by
special conveyance from Price, where he
was called frcm Salt Lake, lends color to
the reports that an outbreak may occur
at any time. The Indians are in an ugly
mood "and say if Washington >'oes not pay
them for their land 3in Colorado they pro
pose going back upon them.
BLIND MAN'S CHILD
BORN WITHOUT EYES
NEW YORK. March 14.— A Lincoln,
Neb., special to the World says: W. L.
Gregg, a well-known lecturer living In
the town of Greenwood, east of here, was
born blind. About a year ago he married
a Nebraska girl who has perfect vision.
Last week a baby boy was born to the
couple, perfect in every way except its
eyes. It has no eyes, and where there
should be an opening for them the face is
perfectly smooth.
Charged With Criminal Libel.
SANTA CRUZ, March 14.-The trial of
Zach Xevers for criminal libel was com
menced to-day in the Superior Court and
the greater part of the time was spent
in obtaining jurors. Xevers is a barber,
and the complaining witness Is William
Gardner, an attorney. At the last.elec
tion Gardner was a candidate for Town
ship Judge. Xevers issued a circular at
tacking Gardner. The case is being tried
before Judge Dooling of San Benlto Coun
ty as Judge Smith is disqualified, having
.at one time beea an attorney. lor Xcv«».2
WHEATON DRIVES TAGALLOS
BEFORE HIM INTO THE JUNGLE
CLOSE TO THE LAGUNA DE BAI
Rebels Burn the Town of Pasig on Tuesday
Night Despite the Proximity of the
American Forces.
MANILA, March 15, 8 a.
m. — Late yesterday Gen
eral Wheaton's column
enconntered the enemy in such
force between Pateros and Ta
guig as to necessitate a change
in the original plans. The cav
alry attacked a rebel stronghold
in the jungle, driving the enemy
"into Pateros. The Americans
had one killed and two wounded.
Scott's battery shelled the city
and woods effectively.
Later the enemy crossed the
river from Pasig. Two compa
nies of the Second Oregon In
fantry cleared the right bank
after a sharp engagement and
then retired with three wounded.
In the meantime the Washing
ton Volunteers closed in, driv
ing small bodies of the rebels
back upon Pateros. One man
was killed.
During the night the enemy
burned the town of Pasig.
12:40 p. m. — General Wheaton's brig
age continues the work of clearing out
the rebels around Pasig.
Thr* Washington volunteers have cap
tured and burned Pateros, meeting with
a sharp fire from the enemy while
crossing the river.
To-day's fighting was like that of the
past week, the insurgents occasionally
making a stand, but eventually fleeing.
Their loss is supposed to have been
small, as the Americans were unable to
see the enemy in the thickets.
The progress of the American ad
vance is slow.
Branlis Sorita and Jose Ruiz, the
Spanish officers who -were recently
tried by a military commission for the
embezzlement of $10,540 (Mexican)
funds devoted to the maintenance of
prisoners, and who were convicted and
sentenced to pay a fine of J2500 in gold
THE NEW REGENT
OF THE UNIVERSITY
HON. STEPHEN M. WHITE.
■ CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, March 14.— Governor ■
jt Gage to-day appointed Hon. Stephen M. White a regent of the Unlver-
2 sity of California and the Senate immediately confirmed the appointment, i
O The term for which Mr. White is appointed will expire in 1904. Since O
"♦■ the adjournment of the Legislature two years ago Governor Budd filled +
§ two vacancies on the board by the appointments of Mrs. Hearst and 3
Q James D. Phelan. Governor Gage withdrew from the Senate these two Q
> names, but subsequently sent in the name of Mrs. Hearst. To-day, in >
O place of appointing Mr. Phelan, he nominated Mr. White for the place. ©
"♦■ Ex-Senator White is a man of eminent fitness for service on the +
© Board of Regents and it is predicted that his selection will be happily §
q received throughout the State. O
Husted Apologizes.
SACRAMENTO, March 14. -J. W.
Husted author of the circulars distrib
uted during the last campaign attacking
State Printer Johnson and the characters j
of the women employed in the State
bindery, has given for publication a card
over his signature in which he admits
that the charges were false and unjust
« mi makes apology therefor. He says he
mfsinformed and that he did. not take :
Jhe trouble to investigate before nublfsh
ing his circulars.
Johannesburg Stage Accident.
KANDSBURG, March 14.— As the Hal-|
larat stage, in charge of Driver Nate
mount, was entering Johannesburg to
night one of the singletrees broke, falling
upon the heels of the leading horses. The
lightened animals started to run, ever- i
and to undergo three years' imprison
ment at hard labor, have had their term
of imprisonment commuted to six
months in view of previous confine
ment and certain circumstances justi
fying clemency. Carlos Aymarieh, who
was charged with them, has been ac
quitted and released on the ground that
he had established an alibi.
MANILA, March 14, 6:30 p. m.—Brig
adier General Wheaton's column ad
vanced to-day beyond Pasig to the
shore of Laguna de Bai, sweeping
everything before them# The enemy
made a running fight and suffered se
vere loss. The rebels' avenue of com
munication north and south is now
closed, the American cordon stretching
over a mile from the river to the lake.
The rebels are in force at Pateros and
Taguig.
Two of yesterday's wounded. Private
Stewart of Company B, Twentieth
Regiment, and Private Munson of Com
pany X, Twenty-second Regiment, are
dead.
RIFLES FOR REBELS
HIDDEN IN COFFINS
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 14.—An
drew L. Loeber of Company M, Four
teenth United States Infantry, now at
Manila, writes a most interesting let
ter to his parents in this city concern
ing the attempt of the rebels to cap
ture the city on January 11. Among
other things the writer says:
"The insurgents tried to take the city
by making an attack in the front and
have the citizens make an attack in
the rear, so in order to do this it was
necessary for them to get arms into
the city. We noticed they were having
a large number of funerals from a
church in Paco. One day there were
seventy-three coffins taken in. When
Borne of our boys were detailed to in
spect they found that these coffins con
tained guns and in this way we cap
tured 1200 of the weapons.
WASHINGTON GOVERNMENT
WILL SUSTAIN OTIS
WASHINGTON, March 14.— General
Otis, in forbidding further negotiations
between the Spanish at Manila and the
insurgents touching the^ surrender of
the Spanish prisoners held by the lat
turning the vehicle. When the driver was
t^trieated from under the wrecked stage
he was unconscious, but it was found he
was not seriously injured. T. J. Vander
grlßt, a Plttsburg mining man. who was
one of four passengers on the stage, was
badly bruised.
Kipling Much Improved.
NEW YORK. March 14.— Rudyard Kip
ling was feeling 1 very well to-night and
;iskf<l Mr. Doubleday a number of ques
tions. During the conversation Mr.
Doubloday happened to mention, the
"death watch" which the reporters had
kept on Mr. Kipling, using their own ex
pressioiL The poet was interested at
and asked for all the details. Dr.
Dunham to-night thought he would per
mit tho sick man to sit up in two or
three days If tne improvement continues.
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
ter, acted on his own authority. The
Government has not sent him any in
structions upon this point, but it will
unquestionably support him to the ex
treme in any action he may take. It
is said at the State Department that
there have been exchanges between the
United States and Spain through in
direct channels touching these particu
lar prisoners, dating back to the signa
ture of the protocol last August. The
United States Government undertook
finally to secure the release of the pris
oners. It never contemplated trying to
secure their release by ransom, but
simply through the suppression of the
insurrection, and cannot be held by ai v
requirement of international law to do
more than has been done to secure the
release of the prisoners. There will lie
no relaxation of the efforts in this di
rection, but as the United States cam
paign in the Philippines is being con
ducted with all the energy possible,
and as the release of the prisoners de
pends upon the issue of that campaign,
there can be no complaint of failure
on the part of the United States to
meet its obligations.
In preventing the Spanish Govern
ment from negotiating directly with
the insurgents, it is said here, General
Otis was undoubtedly correct in his at
titude. Inasmuch as the ratification
of the peace treaty has not been ef
fected, the United States and Spain are
technically in a state of war, qualified
only by the operation of the protocol
suspending hostilities. In this condi
tion there is no authority on the part of
the Spaniards to negotiate with the in
surgents without the explicit consent
of the United States. Under the rules
of war alone there would be still ample
warrant for any action General Otis
might take calculated to prevent the
insurgents from receiving supplies of
food, clothing, munitions of war or
money, for the latter can always, with
more or less difficulty, be resolved into
the former, even in the face of a block
ade. If the Spanish Minister of For
eign Affairs feels called upon to ad
dress himself respecting this subject
to the State Department, directly or
indirectly, he undoubtedly would be
informed that General Otis must be
sustained, though reassured as to the
intentions of the United States to use
all proper efforts to carry out its un
dertaking.
The Belief Sails.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, March 14.— Tho "United States
supply ship Relief has left Gibraltar.
REBELS ACTIVE
IN COSTA RICA
Loyalty of Troops Saves
Iglesias.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 14.— Passengers
on the steamer Altai, which arrived
here to-day, after touching a week ago
at Port Limon, had much to say about
the recent attempt to overthrow the
rule of President Iglesias of Costa Rica.
This occurred on February 25 at San
Jose, the seat of government. It was
briefly reported by cable several days
later, but owing to the vigilance of th(;
censorship maintained the causes were
not given. According to the general
opinion of the passengers of the Altai,
the condition of the Iglesias govern
ment is by no means assured.
A passenger apparently well able to
judge the conditions in Costa Rica, but
who refused to allow his name to be
used on account of his large business
connections in that republic, after re
ferring to the continued absence
abroad of Iglesias, which he attributed
to the President's desire to put Costa
Rica on a gold basis, described the re
cent outbreak somewhat as follows:
"Iglesias left his aged father, Senor
Don Detrio, in charge, while he himself
came to the United States and thence
went to Europe, where he now is. The
malcontents took advantage of the
President's absence to hatch a few
plots. Dr. Flores Is an open aspirant
to Presidential honors. His military
sponsor, General Velardo, on the 25th,
followed by about fifty armed men,
gained an entrance to the artillery bar
racks at San Jose. One of General Ve
•lardo's sons was in charge of the guard
at the time when the insurgents en
tered.
"There* were 300 soldiers in the bar
racks. It was understood that the ad
mission of the rebels was to be followed
by the surrender of the government
forces and the turning over of the arms,
but the plot miscarried and the rebels
walked into an ambuscade. Colonel
Antilon, who was in command of the
government force, headed his men and
a fight ensued. General Velardo waa
wounded, one of his sons was killed and
two other sons were made prisoners.
The son who had endeavored to turn
over the barracks to his father was
tried by court-martial and shot. The
other brother is now in prison awaiting
trial for treason. In the fight at the
barracks several other soldiers were
killed, including Colonel Antilon.
"General Velardo and his chief sup
porters escaped. The rebels are now
reported to be preparing to attack San
Jose, and are getting arms from the
neighboring republics. The people of
Nicaragua, vexed at the stand taken
by Iglesias in opposition to the canal
grant to the Grace syndicate, are sup
porting the Costa Rica rebel*.
"The signal for the outbreak of the
revolution was the assassination of
Colonel Arryo, one of the military com
manders of the place, who was killed
in the public street. General Velardo
until recently owned a large silk shawl
factory, which was mysteriously
burned. He charged that incendiaries
in the employ of government officials
destroyed the factory. As a result of
this attempted coup d'etat the 200,000
inhabitants of San Jose are now under
martial law.
"Dr. Flores is under surveillance and
may be arrested any moment. If su<h
a radical step is takeji it is quite likely
that a fierce revolution will ensue. The
loyalty of the troops saved Iglesias
iast month, but I doubt whether that
loyalty will stand too many teeta."
JAPAN WANTS
SHARE OF CHINA
No Reason to Deny
Her.
ENGLAND IS ITALY'S BACKER
ON RECORD NOW AGAINST THE
OPEN DOOR.
Small Reason to Hope the Tottering
Old Empire Will Hold
Together Much
' Longer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 14.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: In administration and
diplomatic circles here the formal an
nouncement in the House of Commons
yesterday by the Parliamentary Secre
tary for the Foreign Office that Great
Britain is supporting Italy's demand of
China for the lease of San Mun is con
sidered of great importance to China
and the world at large.
The action of the London Govern
ment is a surprise, not only to admin
istration circles, but to the British Em
bassy as well, and is regarded as highly
significant of the future policy which
Great Britain intends to pursue in the
Far East. While apparently strenu
ously advocating the adoption of the
open door policy, and ostensibly ap
proving the tour of Lord Charles
Beresford in the interest and support of
that policy, the British Government
now urges China to give Italy a port
and sphere of influence which she will
control as absolutely as Great Britain
does Hongkong, Germany Kiaocnau
and Russia Port Arthur.
It would not be surprising to the offi
cials if Japan, appreciating the neces
sity of protecting her interests, will now
endeavor to seize a port with a sphere
of influence. Japan objects to the
granting of the Italian demand, though
she did not so express herself when ln
i formed by Italy of her intention, and
! officials point out that to be consistent
i Great Britain could have no- opposition
to th? leasing by the Tokio Government
of a Chinese port.
Altogether the authorities regard the
outlook for China as very black in
deed, but as they contend that Ameri
can interest.^ are not endangered, it is
not proposed to take any action.
ITALY BACKED BY
GREAT BRITAIN
HOME, March I*.— ln the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Admiral Canevaro,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, made a
comprehensive statement regarding
Italy's action in China. He confirmed
the reported recall of Signor Martino,
Italian Minister at Peking, and an
nounced that Italy had obtained the
approval of Great Britain and Japan
before demanding the concession at San
Mun.
Great Britain had required, he said,
that force should not be employed, and
he promised in return to give her
diplomatic support to Italy at the court
of Peking.
Other friendly powers, the Minister
continued, were notified and indicated
their acquiescence.
Admiral Canevaro then covered the
events already known, explaining that
Signor Martino's action had been dis
avowed because his ultimatum con
travened an agreement with England
that only in the event of Sir Claude
Mac Donald (British Minister at Pek
ing) being unable to induce the Tsung
JA Yamen to take back Signor Mar
tino's first notes should Italy resume
liberty of action in order to obtain re
paration. He 1 , expressed confidence in
the ultimate success of Italy's policy
and reminded the Chamber that Italy's
duty was to refrain from force so far
as possible, since she had gone to China
without any previous provocative inci
dent or violated rights to justify a re
sort of violence that might if
adopted disturb the international equi
librium in the Far East and exercise a
fatal reflex action in Europe, besides
injuring Great Britain, who had proved
herself Italy's cordial friend, and ex
pose to conflict other powers that had
shown themselves the well-wishers of
Italy.
CHINN INDICTED FOR
A COMMON NUISANCE
Grand Jury Charges the Kentuckian
With Attempt to Provoke
an Assault.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. March 14.— As a re
sult of the assault made by Colonel
"Jack" Chirm upon Hon. C. J. Bronston
in the Phoenix Hotel last Wednesday the
Grand Jury to-day returned an indict
ment against Chirm for a common nuis
ance "by using Insulting, abusive, inde
cent and riotous language for the pur
pose of provoking an assault." The In
dictment Is very unusual.
Chirm is known all over the country as
a politician and race horse starter. He
is a fine pistol shot and is considered
thoroughly fearless. He went to Nevada
thin winter to assist in the re-election of
Senator Stewart. He led the Blackburn
Senatorial fight in 1896.
Struck by a Traction Car.
LOS ANGELES. March 14:— As William
Garber, a carpenter, was crossing Fourth
street at Savannah avenue in a buggy
this afternoon the rig was struck by a
westbound traction car. The horse was
killed, the vehicle demolished and Garber
was seriously injured. He sustained a
double compound fracture of the left am)
and amputation may be necessary. la
any event he will be a cripple for life.
The responsibility for the accident has
not yet been placed.
SACRAMENTO CYCLE RACES.
Capital City Wheelmen Will Hold a
Meet Next Sunday.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
mento will give the people of that city
a chance to see some of the crack pro
fessional cycle racers now on the coast
by holding a meet there next Sunday, at
which they will all appear. The ama
teurs will also be given a chance to show
their speed. The programme as arranged
consists of a one-mile handicap, amateur;
one-mile open, professional; one-mile tan
dem handicap, professional; five-mile
handicap, professional, and twenty-mile
open, professional, in which latter event
all the six-day riders will compete.
Of the Eastern professional cracks who
will ride, there will be Aronson, Lawson,
Barnaby, Turville brothers, Julius, Nawn,
Eaton, Goodman, Iver Lawson, Leonart,
Gibson. Chapman and Orlando Stevens,
the coast will be represented by McFar
land, Zeigler, Downing, Cotter and Kraft,
The races will be held on the mile horse
track at Agricultural Park. Orlando
Stevens will try for the mile record be
hind Fournier's mogor tandem.
The B;iy City Wheelmen have definitely
decided upon April 13 as the date of their
coming -vaudeville entertainment, and it
will be held at Native Sons' Hall. The
club's annual ball will take place on
April 5 at the Palace Hotel.
A FALL OF
GOLD FROM
THE SKIES
That Is What the Rain of Yes
terday Is to California
Farmers.
Gentle Showers Come Down From the North,
Soak Hill and Valley and Promise
to Continue To-Day.
The welcome rain has come at last. The
prayers of thousands, offered up by the
godJy in the church and, the synagogue,
in the city home and on the country
ranch, have been answered. Rain is
death or life to California. Long it has
held aloof, but at last after weeks of
sickening drought the gentle drops have
come pattering down, and the land is re
joicing. California's parched and aching
lips have been moistened, the little hills
look glad, and the corn is raising its
erstwhile drooping head to heaven. The
soughing of wet branches in the forest
ia a voice of thanksgiving to Almighty
for the blessing of rain.
To the farmer the showers of rain
are as showers of gold. There is a song
of rejoicing on the hillside and in the val
ley The Te Deum Laudamus echoes
from hill to hill, and the lean and hungry
cattle raise their heads and in their
dumb way sound a glad amen.
The farmer has opened the clock, taken
out that awful document marked "mort
gage," and looked at it with a grin of
satisfaction which means "I can see your
finish— gold Is falling from the skies."
And the farmer is not the only inter
ested party. There is not a merchant or
mechanic within the limits of the State
who does not view the weather indications
from the same standpoint. To the one it
means business; to the other employ
ment, a full purse and a happy heart!
The cold man of the world has a genial
look on his face to-day, and the toiler of
the fields and shop can see the clothes
and food needed for wife and little ones
coming with the drops of rain— a gift
from heaven.
The rain began to fall in this city at
4 o'clock yesterday morning, traveling
south from Puget Sound. Forecaster Will-
F nn expects it to continue all uay to-day
with possibly Increasing vigor.
The fall has been general throughout
the interior of the State as far south as
Fresno, but along the coast line the edge
of the storm has been a little ragged, and
there has been no fall as yet at San Luis
Obispo. It Is expected that by to-night
the entire State will have received a
drenching.
In this city the precipitation was very
light, as only .21 of an inch -was regis
tered for the twelve nours between 5
o'clock yesterday morning and 5 o'clock
in the evening.
Through the Sacramento v alloy it has
averaged from thr-e to five tenths of an
inch and on Mount Tamalpais over an
inch has fallen. In the higher altitudes
snow has been quite plentiful, and this
is good news to the miners. Taking it
altogether the rain has come just in time
to save millions of dollars to the State
and prevent much suffering.
WEEPING SKIES END
THE DROUGHT PERIOD
Showers Fall Throughout the Central
and Northern Portions of
California.
SALINAS, March 14.— The clouds -which have
been hovering over this vicinity for the past
several days, threatening: rain, have at last
caused a downpour in several sections of the
county, but In this immediate district the
precipitation so far has been very light. At
1 o'clock this afternoon it commenced driz
zling and kept it up until this evening, when
the downpour was heavier. Late to-night it
is not raining, but Is very threatening. The
wind is from the southeast and the barometer
is falling:. In other sections of the county,
however, the rainfall has been a peat benefit.
At 10 o'clock to-night it rained at Bradley, in
the extreme southern end of the county, but
did not continue long. ■ Reports from Chuaiar.
Gonzales. San Ardo and San Lucas show light
showers, but Castroville, Pajaro and other sec
tions of the county have received almost an
Inch of rain. The crops in all parts of the
county are not suffering yet, and it is said
that even if rain does not come for ten days
the ranchers will raise, hay in this valley. _
FRESNO. March 14.— The barometer took a
sudden tumble here to-night, which is regarded
as an indication that rain will fall in abund
ance before morning. The sky is clouded and
there is every indication of a heavy down
pour The clouds began to gather this morning
and shortly after 1 o'clock a mist began to fall.
It continued at intervals during the afternoon,
but no heavy shower occurred. The rain.
Blight as it was. has had the effect of inspir
ing hope in the hearts of the farmers and all
are confident that sufficient rain will yet fall
to insure good crops. A heavy rain at this
time would do much toward saving the wheat
crop of the county, though it is thought that
much of the grain on the west side is already
too far gone to be materially benefited. A se
vere frost was announced for this morning,
but It did not materialize. It was thought that
the frost of a few days ago would injure the
fruit crop, but such did not prove to be the
case The buds which were injured were mostly
early and superfluous ones, except in the case
! of apricots and peaches, where some little dam
age was sustained. 14.— The local weather
SAN DIEGO March 14.— The local weather
office forecasts rain for to-morrow, but at 10
o'clock to-night there were no signs of the
approaching' storm, the sky being, very clear.
Grain farmers agree that the rain must come
very soon or crops will be a failure. Fruit
trees are not in immediate danger, but hay
and grain are suffering badly from the lack
of rain, which is aggravated by drying winds.
The acreage of grain In this county this year
Is unusually large and the keenest anxiety pre
vails among farmers as to the outcome of the
weather officer's' predictions.
SACRAMENTO, March 14.-Rain has fallen
here steadily- since about 4 clock this morn
ing. There have "been no heavy showers, but
a continuous fall of light rain all through the
day 'and -if is still drizzling to-night with
strong indications of continuing. There has.
been a good stiff wind. all day from. the south
east. The i storm is . a. most welcome .one. as
, the farmers had become anxious over the- fate,
of their grain crops; and where irrigation was
feasible plans were in- progress, to that- end.
However, the grain in this county had not 'be-.
Kunto suffer for rain, though it had not tnada
as good progress as if the season .had. been a
normal one. ..This rain will do /a" vast amount
of good and with a few more showers in April
it is safe to say crops in this- section will be
excellent. All fruits are doing well.. There
have been no frosts severe enough to , damage
the young fruit and most varieties will : soon
be beyond the danger point. .""Vil*''" ,
SAN LUIS OBISPO. March 14.— light rain
began falling "here to-night at about-, -9:30
o'clock and promises to develop into a good
shower' before morning. Should the fall be
sufficiently heavy it will mean financial salva
tion for many farmers, stockmen and dairy
men in this section..-' '■_;■ f " <'.;'■
STOCKTON, March 14.— The long - expected
rain commenced falling this, mornlnjr before
daylight and continued at intervals' till late
to-night. It was. not heavy, but it came in such
quantities that the thirsty earth absorbed al
most every • drop received. ; The precipitation
was very slight, as the gauge only showed
20 of an inch at 6 o'clock, when there. ap
peared to be at least .405 There "has been .30
this month and 6.82 for the season, against 4.94
last year. San Joaquin County received more
than nny other section in the valley, as .42
fell at Tracy, .40 at Farmlneton and .27 at
Lodt. while reports from all other points show
various amounts between the lowest and high
est figures. Very little water fell at the upper
end of the valley. The wind continues from
the southeast," and light showers pass over the
city at Intervals. The growing grain and feed
will be benefited to a certain extent, but will
need more moisture to produce a crop in all
counties except San Joaquin.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— There was a slight
sprinkle of rain during the early hours of the
! morning, and about 9 o'clock a steady drizzle,
commenced, which kept up during t he greater
part of the day. '"While the necessity for rain
at thin time is fully appreciated, It is said by
many orchardlsts that if the rain should have
been delayed a few weeks longer the crops
PRAYERS FOR
RAIN TO-DAY
+ ♦
4- 4
♦ LOS ANGELES, March 14.— 1n 4
+ nearly every Protestant church ♦
+ throughout the city services of -f
♦ prayer and supplication for rain ♦
+ will be held to-morrewj They +
+ will vary according to the ideas >
■♦■ of the several pastors and con- +
♦ gregations. Prayer-meetings will +
+ be held at noon and again in the +
♦ evening at the First Methodist +
♦ Church. ♦
+ "Go without your dinner on +
+ that day and give the price to +
+ some one who is hungry," said +
♦ Dr. Cantine. +
♦ Other denominations, including -f
♦ Methodists, Baptists, Christian +
+ and Episcopalians, will observe +
+ the day. Bishop Johnson has +
+ given his consent to the call. The +
+ Catholic church, in the midst of +
+ Lenten observances, will not join +
+ in a special day, but prayers for +
+ rain are said daily at masses. +
+ Prayer services will be held at +
♦ the First Congregational Church, >■
-f Dr. Day, the pastor, takes . the -f
+ stand that the Bible justifies a ♦
+ belief in God's disposition to +
-f punish his rebellious people by +
+ depriving them of rain. +
+■ Rev. Mr. Smither, pastor of the +
■f First Christian Church, has ♦
♦ called a meeting of his congrega- +
+ tion, when a service of prayer +
♦ and supplication will be held. +
•♦■ "I am a Christian, and I be- -f
+ lieve God is greater than this +
-+• world or its natural laws, and +
+ can order rain if he chooses," +
■♦• said he. +
♦ t
♦♦+♦+♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
would still be all right. The indications to-day
were considered very good for a continuance
of the storm. The rainfall to-day was .10 of
an inch, making a total of ".SO for the season.
RED BLT'KF. March 14.— Rain commenced
failing about midnight last night and has con
tinued steadily all day. Tehama was not
really suffering and could have gone without
rain for ten or fifteen days without any
loss, but rain at this time is not unwelcome.
Crops throughout the county are doing well.
The rainfall last night and to-day was .34 of
an Inch.
SAN MIGUEL, March 14.— 1t sprinkled light
ly here this afternoon. The indications are
favorable for rain to-night.
JAMESTOWN, March 14.— A soaking rain
has prevailed Blnce morning. The precipita
tion up to 6 p. m. was .60 of an Inch.
MODESTO, March 14.— Since early this
morning showers have been general in this
county and the rainfall at the various points
has been from .10 to .15 of an inch. The wind
is strong from the south, with heavy clouds,
and the indications are good for a hard storm.
Growing grain has withstood the long dry
spell and the present storm if heavy enough
will revive grain and almost assure good
crops.
MONTEREY, March 14.— Rain began falling
here at noon, increasing as the day advanced.
The indications point to a heavy downpour
during the night.
NAPA, March 14.— Rain has been falling
since 5 a. m. The indications are favorable
for more.
CHICO. March 14.— Rain began falling here
at 5 o'clock this afternoon. Up to 7 o'clock to
night .26 of an inch had fallen, making the
total for the season at this point 11.05 inches.
To-day's rain will be of great benefit to all
crops
YUBA CITY, March 14.— Rain began falling
this morning 1 . The precipitation was .43 of an
inch. The storm continues, with a heavy
southeast wind.
SUISUN', March 14.— Light rain fell this
morning. Indications are good for a down-
P MILTON, March 14.— Rain fell here lightly
but steadily all the morning. This afternoon
the storm strengthened and increased, and with
the wind blowing fresh from the southeast one
of the heaviest storms of the season Is looked
for. The present storm is very opportune, for
although the grain was doing well feed was
short and there were apprehensions of another
dry season. These fears may now be dissi
pated, and with an unusually large acreage
and an excellent stand of grain an abundant
harvest is 'expected.
WATSONV&LB, March 14.— 1t commenced
raining here this morning at 10 o'clock. There
was a steady downpour In the surrounding
foothills. The Indications are for continued
ANfSKJvS CAMP, March 14.— Rain commenced
falliiiK nt an early hour this morning and
continued unceasingly throughout the day. It
Is estimated the precipitation will amount to
two Inches, and with the barometer low and
wind in the southeast the Indications are good
for a continuance of the storm. Crops were
beginning to dry up, but this rain may prove
thHr salvation. Much stock has been found
dead from starvation on the ranges, and there
Is a great scarcity of beef cattle.
McCLOUD, March 14.— Five inches of snow
has fallen since morning and It is still snow
ing temporarily suspending operations among
the mills which are nearly ready to start
up. The McCloud River Company has a big
force of men in the woods.
WOODLAND, March 14— The barometer has
a downward tendency, the wind is blowing
strong from the southeast, and the weather
has been showery all day. Indications are
favorable for generous showers. The growing
crops look well all over the country, notwith
standing the light rainfall of the season and
the extraordinary duration of the north wind.
MARYSVILLE, March 14.— Rain began fall-
Ing at 2 o'clock this morning and there has
been a soaking downpour all day. The pros
pects are -for heavy precipitation to-night. A
good half-inch has fallen already. The storm
api'fars to be general.
REDDING. March 14. — A soaking rain set In
between midnight and dawn and continued
throughout the day. Indications point to a
■ heavy downpour to-night. The farmers and
fruit ptrowers of this county were not men
aced by drought, but the heavy rain will set
the new grass booming and provide a few
days' run lor the placer mines. The crops
are in fine condition. The season Is too far
advanced for rain to be of much benefit to
placer mines, but they are looking hopefully
forward to the next season.
SANTA CRTZ, March 14.— Rain commenced
falling at daybreak and has continued stead
ily, although not very heavy. It Is Just what
Is needed at this time for the growing grass
and grain in this county, which bo far has
not suffered.
The Rainfall in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March 14.— Rain began
falling here at 3 o'clock this morning and
continued in light showers almost un
interruptedly until about 4 o'clock this
afternoon. At that hour the gauge in the
observatory of the Univossity of Cali
fornia registered .399 of an inch, showing
the total fall to have been very slight
The showf-r started again about 6 o'clock
this evening.
French Novelist Dead.
PARTS, March 14.-A dispatch from
T.unevllle, Department of Muerthe-el-
Moselle, announces the death of Erck
mann, the French novelist, who collab
orated in fiction for many years with the
late Alcxandre E. Ohatran, using the
compound name Erckmann-Chatran. He
was in his seventy-seventh year.
Griffin Ordered to Cavite.
WASHINGTON. March 14.— Pay In->
spector G. H. Griffin has been detached
from duty in the pay office at San Fran-
Cisco and ordered to duty as general store
keeper at the tiaval station, Cavite. per
steamer March 25. Pay Inspector J. S.
Thompson has been placed in charge of
the navy pay office at San Francisco.
Insanity Dodge Unavailing.
SANTA CRI'Z, March 11. — Henry Is
lieher was arrested on Saturday night and
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon, he having fired at his wife with
a shotgun. The w;fe said he had been
acting strangely of late. This morning
Islicher was brought before the insanity
board to be examined, but he was not
committed. He will 1 aye to stand trial.
For a Pythian Encampment.
WOODLAND, March 14.— At a meeting
of the Uniform Rank, Kniphts of Pythias,
held this evening, a movement was in
stituted having for its purpose the hold
ing of an encampment of all the com
panies of the Second R-giment. Tf held
at all, Woodland probably will be the
place.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'"Better the Feet Slip
Than the Tongue."
Slips of any kind are to
be deplored, but there is one
slip Nature never forgives*
It is the carelessness of ig-
noring the signal that the
body is in danger of wreck*
It may be that the kidneys
or the stomach or the head
gives the warning sign* But
remember, the blood feeds
every organ of the body*
Make no slin. but first tone up the
system through the blood, and health,
will surely follow. Hood's Sarsaparilla
is the best preparation man has de-
vised to make pure, life-giving blood.
It never disappoints. ,*■ \
Weakness— bless the day I heard
of Hood's Sarsaparilla, as it cured me of
extreme weakness after grip, built my
husband up after pneumonia, cured eczema
and blood poisoning in our children.
MRS. M. A. DILWORTH, box 4. Embree-
ville. Pa.
Rheumatism -"A few bottles of
Hood's Sarsaparilla entirely cured my
sufferings from rheumatism. Later on it
stopped dyspepsia, from which I suffered
intensely. I can eat anything now.
WM.A. BUCKLEY, 344 Summer street.
East Boston, Mass.
Catarrh -"Many years' suffering from
catarrh makes mo appreciate Hood s Sar-
saparilla. which cured me; also of indi-
gestion and kidney trouble It gave me
strength and good appetite. MRS. O. J.
PHILLIPS, Pontaic, Mich.
Liver and Kidneys-"My mother was
very sick with congestion of the liver and ,
kidney trouble. Nothing helped her until
we got Hood's Sarsaparilla, which showed
it<? effects with first dose. She is well and
hearty." MRS. D. A. STONE, Winthrop.
Me.
Sick Headache— "For years I tried
different medicines for my sick head-
aches Found no relief until I used
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It is marvelous in
Its cures." MRS. HENRY MILLER. 529
Leonard street, Dunkirk, N. Y.
Rheumatism— "Five bottles of Hood's
Sarsaparilla cured my inflammatory
rheumatism, and I can now do my own
housework." MRS. H. CROWNING-
SHIELD. 304 Prospect street, Painesvill*,
Ohio.
Hood's PlUs cure liver ilia; tiie non-lrrltat-
lng and only cathartic to take with Hood'»
Sarsaparilla. "' ' -
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
(trooK Assertions am to Jut WhM
the Remedies Will Do.
.i«^!|%i Munyon guarantee*
fiJ£aJTjil_Cf-» that his Rheumatism
_EH ___QQ_i_^__k Cure will cure nearly
Jl£&*g?gy gS&a all cases of rheoma-
fig9*^* B * l! WQHsjj f tlsm In a few hours;
mSO THB that his Dyspepsia Cur»
iGeL 43&5! l wi " cure Indigestion and
tS ___^ r i*sssi? *U stomach troubles;
TV AWnflßfiV that his Kidney Cure
\ •?-■ W^m Till cure 90 per cent.
x. /timHtlt ct all cases or kidney
\ '- "BhlM trouble: that his Ca-
Jk»^TB^^ ttrrh Cur© will cure
yT^^^_^_L catarrh no matter how
■^JSja^^ngßSSr?^ long standing; that his
*TsaM^nmS3&js? Headache Cure will cur«
»^i any kind of headache in
'I 1 ■*■ • few minutes; that
I • bis Cold Cure will
' quickly break up any
i t>rm of cold aad so on through the entire list of
remedies. .At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
If you need medical adrlce write Prof. Munyon,
1006 Arch St.. Phlla. It is absolutely tree.
MPPVITA KesMrw vitality
IM VMM LOST VIGOR,
_^_3BB\ i* AND MANHOOD
__Fw^_|' Cures Im potency Night Emissions and wasting
HHf JPB diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess aad
indiscretion. A nerre'tonic and blood-builder.
i ' Brings the pink glow to rale cheeks and tt*
It sE-w / stores the lire of youth. By mail 600 per
'^rek-^BRu boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
sßjiH^S^gujrantce to cure or refund the money. -
: Rcrtita medic*! Co., Clinton « Jackson sts., Chicago.
| WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant ave..Sa.n Francisco.
ii|^^S||||^^\ Doctor
t (S^^P^^^^^ll m EY ER S
WM *_§|§Mf|§!. Specialists for Men
V. w 5 \«3' "^! enring wcaknn* and eon-
\V i&A t tfarted atlmeats ilnoe 18S1.
\l£ ?W -/VlfZxirSi They have the largest and
ttLWyi "^<ISJS*V» best equipped medtcal in*
-* VSit v-i AhoKSBkB Ji'tltutioa, and the mewt ex-
■%& fflHtmt Ko PaT Tm Cnred * "^
%Wfw 4&lf«iWjl\ii§2^ ITnfortun»te men who c»n- 1
tfial \ IvSS»!»JS« «">' «U "honld write for *&• - A
>^1 '^B^Rgtffl»L * ice » nd private book— ■
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ Al *f l FRBK.
ThonuiKli eared at boraet
An letters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 MARKET ST., }ElevaterEntranc».
101 SAN FRAKCISCO } Elev ««r Entranc*.
T3T>TTQTTI?C! FOR barbers, BAK-
JDIiU Dfl£.O rs. bootblacks, bath'
■ • - ■ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3s
Woodbury's /**^ Woodbury's
Woodbury's t A<^9 Woodbury's
Faoial Soap, f^s Facial Cream.
Strictly antiseptic and purifying. Unequalled
for both bath and nursery. Makes the skin
soft, smooth and white. Send 10 cents for
Beauty Book, and receive samples of each,
free. JOHN H. WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St..
i New York, and 163 State st., Chicago. .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, .
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
mocleled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day:
$5 to $8 week; $» to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fir* grates in every
room; elevator runs all night. ■
DR.MCNULTY.
1 WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
• J. Specialist ettrra Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men 'inly. Book on I'rivate Diseases and ;^k
Weaknesses of Men. fret>. ' Over 20 y' re* experience, j^
P:itlents cured at Home. Terms reiisonahlf. Ilours9
to3dnHy;6.3otoS::» ev'<s. Smxlnrs. 10tnl2. C'onsnl-
tation free and .sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
1 P. KOSCOK HcXI'LTY. M.».
. SOU Kearny St., »an Francisco. C«LBURNS NOW BEATING
THE BUSHES FOR
SECRET SUPPORTERS
Expects to Rally Two Votes to His Standard
To-Day.
THE GRANT MEN GETTING UNEASY
Backers of the San Diegan Fear the Wiles of the Man
From Mexico and Are Working Hard for
Accessions.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 14.— Dan Burns, hav
ing failed in his efforts to bring
about a caucus of Republican legisla
tors, is now resolved to bring out the
brush every secret supporter of his
cause. The Grant men received a hint
to-night that Burns expects to gain
two votes to-morrow. From the begin
ning of the Senatorial contest the
Grant men have been well advised re
garding the inside affairs of the col
onel's camp. The report is credited in
the camp of the San Diego statesman
that Burns has two ataked-out sup
porters who can be brought into the
corral— two and no more. It Is whis
pered to-night that there two will be
lined up to-morrow.
Last night the touts spread the im
pression that Senators Flint and Row
el] of the Scott camp would join the
Candelarian to-day. The reports to
night regarding accessions to the
Burns column to-morrow do not refer
to any one in the Scott camp.
•It is suspected by those who keep
pretty well posted that there is some
motive in the apparent apprehension
of the Grant men. The keen support
ers of Grant are quick to use the Burns
eipnal . i danger to invite those who
dc=ire to avert the calamity to flee to
the protecting wings of the San Diego
statesman. It is true that the mem
ber" of the Legislature shudder at the
thousht of electing Dan Burns, and it
is likewise true that a majority of the
members believe that no Senator would
be better than the choice of either.
The people can stand the vacancy for
two years, but the disgrace of Burns'
election is too much to be endured for
An impartial and well-informed ob
server of the situation made this sum
mary to-night: -'Burns cannot win
because public opinion is pronounced
against him. Grant stands - good
chance of success. He has some as
surances of the Scott vote, and by
fretting Scott's men he may detach a
number of General Barnes' support
ers Should he succeed in making
pome substantial gains, many Repub
lican members who are exceedingly
desirous that a Senator shall be cho
sen would line up for him. He might
then succeed in the face of Burns' op
position. There is one way for Burns
to defeat the election of Grant, but the
•colonel's' vanity will not permit him
to adopt that course. Barnes is an
acceptable candidate. If the Burns
supporters would go to the general.
the Scott forces would follow suit.
Then the great desire for the election
of a Senator would attract to Barnes
many of the men who are now voting
for Grant. From the beginning of the
contest Burns has been badly advised.
"He has been governed wholly D y his
own personal vanity and has not given
the Republican party a thought. Now
at the la-- minute he is considering a
suggestion to bring Van R. Paterson
Into the contest. The chance of Pater
son winning out against Grant would
be slender, indeed, whereas Barnes,
who has a loyal and active following
of considerable strength, would capture
rnanv of the Grant men. The chances
• are that the Grant, Barnes and Burns
forces will remain as they are until tne
firW. The • Legislature will adjourn
Line die without electing a Senator.
One of the leading topics to-night is
the proposed adjournment sine d. next
■Saturday evening. The Senate to-day
postponed action on the Be shaw reso
lution of the Assembly until Thursday
The course to be taken then will be
■ shared intermediate events. Should
it be made clear to the Grant people
that their chances of winning the fight
lave vanished they will vote to adjourn
*f.; c d£ if the events of to-morrow
and Thursday noon lead to the belief
that Grant can win his supporters will
resist the motion to close the session
the situation In
cline to the belief that if any candidate
can win at all he can win some time
this week It is regarded, however,
as essential to the public welfare that
every member of the Legislature who
vatue- th* good name of the common
wealth and respects the wishes of the
Tiponle <=hould remain at his post or
SS? until the final adjournment .even
if the session be prolonged until .he
F °A U n r V h ffort J rna y y be made to prolong • the
session and exhaust the patience of
numbers who have business affairs at
home demanding personal care. The
Burns plan is to diminish the attend
ance from day to day until the number
required to elect is down somewhere in
■tne forties. The supporters of the
' colonel can stay here without detri
ment to their industrial affairs, as few
nf them h ye any means of support
outside of politics and the small profits
of ofnceholding in the departments of
the San Francisco government. If
■Burns cab wear out the good and true
t^t of the Legislature and compel
[Tern to leave he will quickly seize
every advantage that their absence
° V The opinion expressed late to-night is
that the Legislature will not adjourn
until Wednesday of next week. The
' Burns touts, many of them despairing
of the success of their candidate expect
to get something out of proposed race
track legislation. The coyote bill is also
expected to produce some "medicine
for the members who are very sick.
In order therefore, to afford relief to
gamblers and speculators the session
She prolonged until the middle of
next week.
SENATE "ROUTINE WAS
OF A LISTLESS ORDER
r\lA, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MI NTO, March 14.— The concurrent res
olution setting the time for the adjourn
ment of the Legislature at midnight on
Saturday. March 18, was put over by the
Senate this morning on motion of Strat
lon to Thursday morning. There was no
argument on the postponement. Th©
*m-os jeeopla were too willing, tiie Grant
people wore nearly as willing, and the
Barnes people cared but little either way.
As for the Democrats, it made no differ
ence to them.
A motion to reconsider the vote pass
ing Assembly bill H2 was lost. The meas
ure is the one providing- for the appropri
ation of $130,fi00 to make a California ex
hibit at the Paris Exposition In
tutional amendment 23,
providing for the adoption of a charter
it any amendment to a charter by a
majority of the votes cast on that partic
ular question instead of a majority of the
fast at the election was passed.
< >n motion of Rowell Assembly bill 249,
providing for a State analysis 'of fertil
izers offered for sale and the stamping of
each package with the result of such
analysis was reconsidered and was passed.
Thp bill was defeated last Friday.
Tnder an emergency resolution submit
ted by Prisk the Senate took up the news
: claims represented by Assembly
'■'ills and read them the second and third
limes to passage. The bills were far down
on the Assembly file and it is doubtful II
they would have been reached this ses
sion if Prisk had not secured the passage
of his urgency resolution.
By message to the Senate this evening
the Governor announced that he had ap
pointed Stephen M. White a regent of th»
State University, to fill the vacancy
caused by the appointment of Mrs.
Phebe Hearst to succeed J. West Martin
On motion of Senator Leavitt th.-> rules
were suspended and the appointment was
at once confirmed by the Senate.
The Governor jilso announced his ap
proval of Senate bill 277. an act to appro
priate money to pay the expenses of mus
tering the National Guard or the State
into the Federal service dtfnng the late
Assembly Mil F. 54. requiring the pay
ment into the State treasury of all mon
eys belonging to the State received by va-
X S «, State institutions, commissioners
and officers.
Senate bill 434. introduced by Burnett
appropriating $3000 for resetting- the steam
pipes and tiling of the Capitol building
Senate bill No. 47. appropriating $100 000
for the improvement of the San Diego
harbor, the money to be expended under
the direction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners for San Diego bay
Assembly bill No. 127. which appropri
ates $4000 for the purpose of purchasing
land near Folsom prison, was taken up
on reconsideration and passed. The meas
ure had been denied passage yesterday.
PROTECTION FOR
THE MAN WHO WORKS
TALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 14.— The fight in the A?
sembly this afternoon was on the rights
of the man who works against the
usurped privileges and perquisites of that
class of grafters engaged in running so
called employment offices.
The question was on Senator Ashe's
Senate bill 4ST, which provides as fol
lows:
Any employment agent or other person who
shall receive, collect or demand from, or charge
any laborer, employe or other person any fee,
commission, reward or compensation for ob
taining employment for such laborer, employe
or other person, and any employer who shall
receive, collect or demand from or charge or
deduct from the wage* of any laborer, employe
or other person any money or thing to reim
burse said employer for any payment made or
to be made any employment agent or other
person for having obtained the services of or
employment for such laborer, employe or other
person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
Mr. Ashe's bill explains itself. It says
simply that the practice of San Fran
a employment agencies in passing
out to needy laborers jobs that do not ex
ist solely for the purpose of gathering in
the fee which the laborers must pay must
be stopped. The bill passed- the Senate.
To-day it passed the Assembly, and in
neither house did it mc-t with overstrong
tion.
Assemblyman Lawrence Hoey of San |
Frar.cisco"led the fight in the -bill's favor
when it came up in the Assembly this
afternoon. He said that if the bill passed,
as It should, there would come an end to
AFTER ADJOURNMENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
the robbing and cheating of unfortunate
laborers who were in need of work that
they might support themselves and their
families. He said San Francisco's work
ing people had been held down and
robbed by the employment agencies for
years past, and that it was high time
some relief should come to them.
Assemblyman Charles F. Kenneally
strongly seconded Mr. Hoev, and in the
course of his speech he threw down a
number of the pet schemes pursued by
the agencies in milking their victims
Time and again, he said, his friends and
acquaintances had seen signs placarded in
front of the agencies announcing that
men were wanted on the farms In tne
country or at the mines, and that when
they had paid their fee for the job and
gone to the places advertised they found
no nositions; and that they had been
bunkoed out of the little money they
Others spoke to the question, and only
Valentine opposed it. He offered amend
ments providing that employment agents
should file bonds for the honest conduct
of their business, but his amendments
were voted down and the bill passed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION
BILL IN THE SENATE
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 14.— The Finance Com
mittee of the Senate finished Its consid
eration of the general appropriation bill
this evening and the measure was imme
diately reported to the Senate. It was
then taken up and before the adjourn
ment of the night session the bill had
been read the second time and the amend
ments had all been fought out. There
was a very short attendance and that
probably helped matters along, for the
speakers had no reason to get beyond
cold facts in their arguments.
The consideration of the bill went along
smoothly until the sections relating to
the agricultural fairs were reached, and
then the same old flght over the fair ap
propriations was brought up.
Smith moved to cut out all that part
of the bill which provided appropriations
for each of the agricultural districts. Cur
tin opposed the amendment and declared
that both parties had been pledged to sup
port the fairs and the Senate could not
consistently deprive them of State aid.
Ashe spoke in the same way. Braunhart
supported the amendment because, he
.said, the fairs were no longer what it
was intended they should be; they should
be exhibits of farm products, he said, but
in reality they had degenerated to mere
horseracing, and horseraclng th« Senator
did not want.
Leavitt wanted the appropriation left in
and Davis followed him with the same
demand. The country people wanted the
fairs kept up, he said, and they expect
ed their representatives to see that they
received proper support. Nutt. Jones,
Luchsmger and Rowell also spoke against
the amendment and then Smith rose to
cay there was not a "ranker swindle in
the world" than these same district fairs.
The fairs are given way to conventions,
he said, and, anyway, if a people Wished
to give a fair the county government act
allowed them to draw on their own
county treasury. "The fairs are a dis
grace to the State," said Smith, "and it
is a shame that the State will allow it
self to be swindled by these institutions."
The amendment came to a vote and was i
lost.
Braunhart raised another row over an
amendment allowing book-making as well
as pool-selling at the State Fair. It was
explained that pool-selling was the old
method of betting and book-making was
now the accepted method, and so should
go into the Dili. The amendment was
adopted.
Then Bulla. raised another fuss by of
fering an amendment striking out that
clause allowing pool-selling and book
making at district fairs. Late as it was,
the Senators fought over the question and
the amendment was finally adopted. This
will drive the festive pool-sellers from all
but the State fair.
The appropriation for the State Agri
cultural Society was cut from 130,000 to
520,000.
The bill was not much mutilated by the
Senators. The allowance for the fcjtock
ton Insane Asylum, was cut from $209,000
to $204,000; the Southern California State
Hospital was cut from $33,000 to JJvS.OOO.
The allowance for the purchase of im
plements and hose and the care and im
provements of the State Capitol grounds
was cut from $15,000 to $10,000. The Code
Commission was allowed $5000 for printing
and sundries. The $183,300 allowed for
salaries for the officers and employes of
the Napa Asylum was raised to $190,400.
The State .Dairy Bureau was allowed
As It now stands, the bill totals as fol
lows: General appropriations, J0.113.72S 16;
for orphans, JSOo.OOO: for schools, $4,566,
--680; interest on sinking fund, $257,8&0; total,
$il 063 u7S 16. To this must be adaed
$1 125 000 in special appropriations, bring
ing the total up to over $12,000,000.
it was sent at once to the printer after
the adjournment under an order to rush
it through as fast as possible.
COUNTY GOVERNMENT
BILL IN TROUBLE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 14.— 1t was another hard
morning for the county government bill
in the Senate. Three times it survived
an attack on its existence and finally,
after an hour's talk, it went over again
until to-morrow.
Senator Dickinson opened matters by
making the motion to postpone. Davis
opposed the motion. He said if the Sen
ate wished to consider the mea3ure it
should do so. and if it did not the bill
should be killed right there. It was hold
ing on too long, he said, and he feared
when it came to the final adjournment the
county government act would be put for
ward as an excuse for continuing the ses
STILL NO CHANGE.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, March 14.— N0 change
marked to-day's Senatorial ballot.
The Democrats settled upon Hon.
H. C. Gesford as their choice and
voted for him to their full
strength.
But one ballot was taken. It
resulted as follows:
BARNES 21
ESTEE l
BURNS 2(5
GRANT 28
SCOTT 5
WHITE (D.) 1
GESFORD (D.) 29
PHELAN (D.) 1
sion over into next week. Morehouse
hoped the bill would be considered.
Bulla thought something ought to be
done about the bill, for if it was not to be
considered and was to be allowed to die
or was to be killed summarily there were
a good many of its provisions which
would have to be brought up under ur
gency resolutions. He thought if the bill
was "to be killed it should be by vote not
by being allowed to rest on the file and so
Lay the chairman Of the County Govern
ment Committee open to blame tor not
having properly supported it.
As a result of me talk a motion was ;
made in pursuance of a suggestion from i
Smith that the bill be referred back to tne
committee, with orders to report back a
substitute. Morehouse was willing to in
dorse such a plan, but he gave notice that
he would not spend the same amount of
time upon a substitute that he had upon
the original bill. He said he was willing
to accept such amendments as the Sena
tors wished to submit to the committee,
and he would favorably report upon any
such amendments, but he would not call
the committee together and listen to hour j
after hour of argument after all the com- ;
mittee had gone through. The commit- j
teemen had worked from early to late, i
and the stenographer had had only time I
for meals, and he declared that, contempt |
or no contempt, he would not start again
on a substitute at this late day in the
session.
There was more talk, which finally in
duced Simpson to move to strike out the
enacting clause. This was declared out
of order. Then he moved to postpone In
definitely the consideration of the bill.
and this was capped by Leavitt with a
motion for the previous question— the mo
tion to rerefer to the committee. The mo
tion to rerefer was lost. Then Shortridge
wanted to strike out the enacting clause,
but ho was declared out of order. Simp
son's motion was then put and lost by 13
noes to 9 ayes. This brought the vagrant
measure to the consideration of the Sen
ate, and then by motion of Bulla another
day was added to its age. It was put
over until to-morrow, and in the mean
time Senators will submit .such amend
ments to the present act as the needs of
their counties suggest, and these will be
embodied in a substitute to be reported
as soon as possible.
MANY BILLS GET
THROUGH ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEMO, March 14.— Assemblyman Bur
nett's brand new county division act
came up in the Assembly this afternoon
on its final passage, but it was headed
off by amendments by De Lancie and sent
back to the printer.
Since UW there has been no law by
which counties could be divided. A bill
passed in that year repealed all laws reg
ulating county division and put an end
to the scandals that had arisen out of
county dissensions.
Burnett's bill provides that when 50 per
cent of the voters of a county enrolled
on the last great register shall make pe
tition, the Supervisors of a. county shall
call an election and decide for or against
county division.
The bill came up on its third reading
this afternoon and De Lancie offered an i
amendment raising the required vote to
60 per c-t-nt and requiring that only tax
payers of the proposed new county should
be eligible to vote. The amendment w;ih
adopted and the bill returned to the
Cutter's Senate bill 320 was
passed without much in the way of oppo
sition. It is designed to renew the office
of Commissioner of Public Works, but
reduces the salary from $4000 per annum
to $2500.
Laird's coyote scalp bill was due on
third reading, but on motion of Valentine
was passed on the ...e.
To-day was the busiest day of the
•i so far as the passing of bills is
concerned. Over a score of them went
through, and Chairman Dibble and the
rest of the rules committee will have to
mit in most of the early hours of the
murning in sticking together all that is
left of the files.
The following bills were passed during
Senate bill 654, introduced by Flint pro
viding for the appointment of a board of
Colton Hall property.
Assembly bill 29, introduced by Rickard,
fixing the fees of County Clerks.
mbly bill 1007, introduced by Cam-
Inetti defining the boundary lines of the
several counties and cities and counties
of the State, and to define the powers and
duties of certain officers in relation there- j
tO S>nate bill 320. introduced by Cutter,
creating a Commissioner of Public Works,
defining his duties and powers and fixing
his compensation. - -_ 
Senate bill 177. introduced by Braun
hart adding a new section to the Civil
Code to be known as section 431 thereof,
relating to the form of fire insurance pol
icies
Senate bill 662. introduced by Davis,
amending section 1416 of the Civil Code
relative to water rights.
Senate bill 363, introduced by Trout,
amending section 2992 of the Political Code
cf California-
Senate bill 487, introduced by Ashe, add
ing a new section to the Political Code of
the State of California, said section to
be designated as section 673 I>2,1 >2, relating to
the fees charged by employment agencies.
Senate bill 146, introduced by Braun
hart. amending sections 1917, 1918 and 1920
of the Civil Code, relating to legal rates
of interest.
Senate bill 336, introduced by Bulla.
amending section 592 of the Penal Code of
the State of California.
Senate bill 240, introduced by TVolfe,
amending an act entitled "An act to reg
ulate the practice of pharmacy and sale
of poisons in the State of California, ap
proved March 11, 1591."
Senate bill 252. introduced by Davis, ap
propr:ating money for the maintenance
and improvement of the water system at
the Preston School of Industry, including
the construction of a settling reservoir.
Assembly bill 383, introduced by Mead,
amending an act entitled "An act to es
tablish a uniform system of county and
townshiD governments," approved April
1. 1897, by adding thereto four new sec
tions, to be numbered sections 87 I,*,1 ,*, 148^2,
149 L,_, and 156^5 respectively.
Assembly bill 1008, Introduced by Cam
inetti. creating a joint Board of Trustees
for the Whlttier State School and the
Preston School of Industry, to define its
duties and powers and to provide for the
classification of the Inmates therein.
Senate bill 464. introduced by Boyce, was
lost. This measure was intended to pro
vide for a Bureau of Child Study.
ANOTHER FARCICAL
INVESTIGATION ENDED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 14.— George Washington
Ficks, manager of the Clunie Opera
house, was this morning 1 acquitted by a
special committee of the Assembly of
having interfered with an officer of that
body while in the discharge of his duty.
Charges were preferred against Ficks
by Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms Dahle,
who, on a call of the House, went to the
Clunie in search of members absent with
out excuse.
Ficks at first obstructed Dahle's en
trance to the theater, and afterward
turned out the lights and threatened to
shoot any one who should turn them up.
The committee decided that the evi
dence of the manager of the company
then playing was necessary, and as he
could not be found. Ficks' statement re
mained unimpeaehed.
The committee this morning recom
mended that he be released, and it is
likely that the House will adopt the sug
gestion.
CONSIDERING THE
SANTA FE BILL
CALLi HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 14. — Governor Gage has
Men's Suits and Overcoats
I We have always sold these goods for $12.50 and -$ : i 00, 1
I and even at those prices we considered them good values. 1
! We have marked them down now merely to have a sale, 1
Ito get us talked about. Most every man who buys one of |
i these suits or overcoats will thereafter buy all his clothes from us. |
I' These garments will be kept in repair for one year free of g
I charge. From this you can certainly draw the conclusion that 1
I these goods are worthy of the price. . . 1
. Money will be returned to any one who wants it on either 1
1 suit or overcoat. |
\ The Suits are All-Wool Cheviots, The Overcoats consist of English |
I Tweeds and Cassimeres, sizes 34 to 44, Worsteds - Brown and Oxford Meltons, I
\ thus covering nearly every ones size. .^. -|
\ There are about twenty different patterns Coverts, Whipcords, Vicunas and Ker- |
Sof the suits, in browns, grays, blacks and -, ... .. , . .. I
I mixtures Silk sewings are used; also seys. Sleeves are silk lined; Italian g
I Italian linings— some with linings of c th body linings. They are thoroughly I
I princess serge. Both single and double .' - " 1
[ breasted. : ; . and. carefully made. |
CHILDREN'S CLOTHING. 1
i^ii on thl"cinar vest and sleeve.; I checks, plaids and stripea: material our tallorins department: are all I
S ta e che oVhliolW .v- t t and sleeves; I ' D a i'uf,?°ir e£'tel''" e V,?s' ta &me a. Sc^-.^UT s.ro'nT^ga. 0 ' tiifS I
two pockets; some of the -Jits ha\e is ail ?£%Jt™ t £[ XK ™ } {iis same as tic waistbands,, strong pockets, three .1
I sui°ts • nSter^Suto!"!?- assortment? but are buttons on the knees; are half lined; |
I for the price- for boys from 8 to ■ lo- price . g
I $3.50. $3.50. 55c a pair. §
|S. N. WOOD & CO., I
TIS TVVarlcet Street.
NO ADJOURNMENT
UNTIL NEXT WEEK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. March 14.— There is every
probability that the Legislature will not adjourn Saturday at midnight. This
is made plain by personal expressions from a majority of the members of
the Legislature to-day. The Assembly on Saturday passed a joint resolution
providing for adjournment next .Saturday. The resolution is now before the
Senate, but it will not be taken up for tinal consideration until Thursday.
Those who are in a position to know say that the general appropriation bill
and the county government bill cannot be prepared for passage by the Sen
ate during the "present week, and because of this and for other reasons that
have particular reference to the condition of the Senatorial contest it is gen
erally conceded that adjournment will have to be postponed until Wednesday
or Thursday of next week.
the Santa Fe bill under consideration, and
will neither approve or veto it until he
has heard from parties desiring to present
arguments in the matter. The Traffic
Association and the Merchants' Associa
tion of San Francisco have filed with the
Governor certain objections to the meas
ure. It is contended that the proposed
law will destroy competition and resuit
to the detriment of the public. The Gov
ernor has designated next Friday at 9:30
o'clock as the time that he will hear ar
guments for and against the measure.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company, as well
as thje objecting associations, will be rep
resented by counsel next Friday. E. F.
Preston of San Francisco and C. X.
Sterry of Los Angeles, attorneys of the
railway corporation, were advised by wire
to-night that the Governor would hear
both sides. The objecting associations
were also notified of the hearing.
Mr. Maginnis. who is representing the
interests of the Santa Fe, said to-night
that the objections presented by the
Traffic and Merchants' associations were
based on the original bill. He fancied
that the representatives of these associa
tions had not considered the bill as it
was amended before the final passage.
Madera Would Have a Caucus.
MADERA, March 14.— The Republican
county committee held a meetincc last
i night 'n.nd passed a resolution asking Sen
i ator Roweil of this district to do every
i thing: in his power to elect a United States
Senator before the close of the session of
the Legislature, even to going into a cau
cus so that the Republicans could unite
on a candidate who would receive a suf
ficient vot£ to elect. They also ask that
other county central committees meet
and pass similar resolutions.
Back From the East.
John D. Spreckels of the firm of John
D. Spreckels & Bros. Co., ship owners
and merchants, arrived in this city last
night after an extended tour in the East
and registered at the Palace. Mr.
Spreckels has visited the leading Eastern
cities, where he has extensive business
interests involved. He expressed his
pleasure at being once more among his
friends in California.
STRUCK BY A CAB.
Maud Lamont, a Young Woman,
Narrowly Escapes Being Killed.
A young' woman giving her name as
Maud Lamont and her residence 2')
Fourth street narrowly escaped being
killed by a Geary street car last evening.
She was crossing the street at Stockton,
when she was struck by the car and
knocked down. Several of the passen
gers, thinking she was fatally injured,
jumped off the car and rushed to her
nee.
As .-he appeared to be seriously hurt
they .summoned the policeman on the
beat, who telephoned for the ambulance.
For some unexplained reason the doctor
who is supposed to accompany the am
bulance on emergency calls could not be
found, and Lieutenant Birdsell ordered
one of his men to go with it. The unfor
tunate woman was subsequently convey
ed to the Receiving Hospital, where an
examination disclosed that she had es
caped with a few slight bruises. It is
said that the attention of the Board of
Health will be cailed to the failure of
the doctor to accompany the ambulance.
Emanu-El Sisterhood's Meeting.
The annual meeting* of the Emanu-El
Sisterhood for Personal Service will bo
held in the vestry-ro^ms of the Temple
Emanu-El, Sutter street, to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock. Reports of the work
during the past year will be presented,
plans for future action submitted, impor
tant measures discussed and new officers
elected.
34
BAD BEEF WAS
BOUGHT WITHOUT
ANY INSPECTION
Order Went to Chicago Direct
From Eagan to Take the Sec=
ond=Rate Article.
CHICAGO, March 14.— Colonel O. M.
Smith, purchasing agent of the Govern
ment at Chicago since 1895, testified to
day before the Government court of in
quiry that the stores of canned roast
beef bought by him during the Spanish
war were all upon the direct order of
General Eagan, the commissary gen
eral. He also stated that some pur
chases of canned beef were made with
out his knowledge by the commissary
general.
Another day's important witness was
Gustavus F. Swift, of the packing
house of Swift & Co. Good progress
was made by the court to-day, but the
end of the list of witnesses to be ex
amired in Chicago is not yet in sight.
Colonel O. M. Smith, who has been
the purchasing commissary of the Gov
ernment at Chicago since 1895. gave the
most important testimony of the day.
He said he purchased oetween May 1
and July 19, 189S, 2,759,252 pounds of
canned roast beef. The orders for pur
chase came from the commissary gen
eral in every case.
At the request of Colonel Davis the
witness produced copies of orders. He
said they were all rush orders.
The recorder read a large number of
telegrams between General Eagan and
other officers of the subsistence depart
ment at Washington and Colonel Smith
with reference to the purchase of can
ned roast beef last year.
"What inspection were these purchases
gubiected to?" asked Colonel Davis.
"They were only inspected by sample."
"In some cases I see the price of de
liveries on the same day varies one or two
cents a pound. What is the reason for
that?"
"These were not my purchases. They
were made from Washington."
MANY BALLOTS
ARE CAST OUT
Santa Clara Election
Contest Decided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— Judge Hyland
this morning decided the contest over
the District Attorneyship in favor of
James H. Campbell, who is at present
holding the place. The ballots of Vine
land Precinct, which the court discov
ered had been tampered with during
the recount, were thrown out on ac
count of fraud. This gave Campbell a
majority of 15.
Judge Hyland's decision was a
lengthy one, but clear and to the point.
He denied Campbell's objection to an
amended statement filed by the plain
tiff and also denied defendant's motion
for a nonsuit. Campbell took an ex
ception to these rulings. The court
said there had been many irregularities
in the returns of ballots from the Ninth
Precinct of this city, and that the re
turns were objected to. He said the
ballots were the best evidence, and de
nied motion to throw out the precinct.
A number of ballots from various pre
cincts contained pencil marks, but he
was convinced these were put on by
the election officers in tallying and
should not invalidate the votes.
Thirty-two ballots referred for deci
sion were passed on. Eight were thrown
out. Of the remaining twenty-four
Campbell was given twenty and Her
rington four. This made the vote a tie
and gave each 5563 votes.
The Judge then took up the matter
of fraud that he has discovered in go
ing over the ballots. Campbell, he said,
had practically been counted out right
in court. An entirely different cross
was used from those in the election
booths, and on some of the ballots the
culprit had left the imprint of his
thumb. He was satisfied the ballots
had been tampered with.
Vineland Precinct was taken up.
There five ballots hfld been changed
for Herrington, and Campbell had in
troduced testimony to prove the bal
lots were not so marked in the pre
vious contest. The court threw out this
precinct and ordered that the official
canvass of the precinct be taken. The
official canvass gave Campbell 123 and
Herrington 57. This gave Campbell the
office by a majority of 15.
Campbell asked the court to take fur
ther action and see that those that
practiced fraud were punished. Judge
Hyland thought the District Attorney's
office and the Bar Association should
take up the case. The attention of the
Grand Jury will be called to the fraud.
The contest undoubtedly will be ap
pealed to the Supreme Court. It has
been stubbornly contested. Judge Hy
land's decision meets the views of most
of the people and ho is highly praised
for having made such a thorough In
vestigation and detected fraud perpe
trated on the ballots.
LOS ANGELES TEACHERS
MUST BE VACCINATED
LOS ANGELES, March 14.—Notwith
standing the reassuring reports officially
given regarding the smallpox situation,
the cases so far reported having reached
76 since September last, the School Board
has ordered all teachers to show certifl-
cates of vaccination. This In effect
means that all Los Angeles teachers must
be inoculated with virus if they would
continue as public instructors.
The question of vaccination for teach
er? came up at a meeting of the School
Board. President Davis brought to the
attention of the board the fart that many
of the teachers had. not complied ' with
tho vaccination order. Professor Foshay
wa? requested to "instruct teachers and
Janitors to be inoculated with virus."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
was the first maker of
sticks of soap for shav-
ing. Pears' Soap es-
tablished over ioo
years.
. "Did you make any purchases of Libby,
i McNeili & Llbby's second grade, known
as the Emory brand?"
"I myself never bought any of the sec
ond grade of Libby's meat; this was pur
chased direct from Washington."
"Did you buy any canned meat of the
j second grade?"
"Well, the Hammond company submit
ted to me some samples which seemed
I good and I bought them, not knowing un
! til afterward that it was what they call
j their second grade."
"Did you purchase any refrigerated
beef?"
"No, sir; but I paid for a good deal of
' it."
i On cross-examination Major Lee said:
"You ppeak of purchasing this by sam
■ pie under these rush orders that you re
i ceived. What course or method was pur
sued as to comparing these samples
! brought to you with the stores pur-
I chased?"
"None. I took it for granted that they
j supplied the same stores that were repre
i rented by samples."
"With all these rush orders, with this
1 great demand for canned roast beef, a
I new thing to be issued to the army, what
| assurance did you have that beef might
| not be put in that was unsatisfactory,
(unless inspection was made by you?"
"I was satisfied that the beef was all
I inspected by the Government inspectors
j and I relied upon the responsibility of
; the packing-houses."
"Do you mean that the Bureau of Ani
mal industry made inspection of the kind
of meat that went into these cans?"
"No, sir. I mean that they made inves
; tigation of the meat at the time of kill
i Ing." .
i Colonel Gillespie — What reason was
j there for the commissary general making
purchases in this market without your
j knowledge?"
"I'm sure I don't know."
General Davis— Did he ask you to send
I any samples of the Emory. brand to him?"
"He simply notified me that he had
j purchased It and asked me to ship it."
Major Lee — That purchase was not sub
jected to inspection?"
"No. I was simply ordered to ship It."
MRS. STANFORD IS
AN EXPANSIONIST
Favors Acquisition of
the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 14.— Before leav
ing New York for Washington Mrs.
Stanford talked glowingly with The
Call correspondent regarding her un-
wavering confidence in the grand future
of California.
"One really has to go away from our
beautiful State," said Mrs. Stanford,
"to learn how highly regarded It is.
We Californians ourselves don't seem
to be half-enough appreciative of the
! great country we have the good fortune
jto live in. During my sojourn in the
effete East — this region of ceaseless
business activity — I have heard Cali
fornia more favorably and more fre
quently discussed than on any previous
visit. Now that the United States has
acquired those rich possessions in the
Pacific we are destined to have a big
trade with the Orient — bigger than any
of us ever contemplated. And this is
going to help us increase our trade with
other foreign countries.
"But the people of California rau«t
not assume for an instant that this
avalanche of trade will sweep toward
them of its own accord. They must
exert themselves and coquette a little
with our foreign friends. Californians
now have a golden opportunity. It re
mains with them to take advantage of
it and make the Golden State the em
pire State of the Pacific, as New York
is the empire State of the Atlantic*.
"I am certainly deeply impressed with
the magnificent future of fair Califor
nia. Ah, what a paradise it is! And
it makes me more and more ambitious
to develop Stanford University up to a
standard never before attained by any
similar institution."
BRASLAN FILES A
WRIT OF CERTIORARI
SAX JOSE, March 14.— Charles P. Bras
lan, the Union Savings Bank director who
did not resign with the rest of the board,
will make a fight for a place in the man
agement of the institution. He was total
ly ignored by Judge Lorlgan, who ap
pointed a full board of seven when the
other six tendered their resignations. To
day Braslan filed a writ of certiorari in
the United States court in San Francisco.
He wants the matter reviewed and the
board enjoined, claiming Judge Lorigan
had no right to oust him from the direc
torate.
Braslan has 200 shares of stock, and is
said to represent the Union Trust Com
pany, which holds a large amount of the
bank's securities. This will occasion fur
ther delay in the settlement of the bank's
affairs.
The directors met to-day and '
notLned the Bank Commissioners of their j
organization. As soon as they are recog- i
nized they will commence their work.
CHARLES E. GRAEBE
SUED FOR DIVORCE
SAN JOSE. March 14.— Charles E.
Graebe, the jeweler, has been made de
fendant in a divorce suit brought by his
wife, Mary D. Graebe. The suit was filed
in Alameda County a few days ago and
has been transferred to San Jose for trial.
Mrs. Graebe alleges that her husband
was cruel to her. They were married a
little over a year ago. She was a native
of Chicago. Two years ago she spent a
summer here. Graebe met her and was
smitten by her charms. He subsequently
wont to Chicago and married her. They
came to San Jose and he fitted up a neat
little home.
Three weeks later Mrs. Graebe left her
husband. Since then she has resided in
Alameda County.
Graebe Is one of the best known and
most popular young men in the city.
Few Criminal Trials.
WOODLAND, March 14.— 0f late years
criminal trials have been infrequent here.
The only case now on the calendar le that
of O. W. Forsyth, charged with forgery,
and it is not very probable that he will
allow the case to go to trial. If he does
it will be the first criminal trial since
August, 1898. There was only one crimi
nal trial during the year 1898. Eight in
formations were filed, but five defendants
pleaded guilty, two were discharged and
one was acquitted. This is considered a
remarkable record.
Dr. Voorsanger to Lecture.
WOODLAND, March 14.— Woodland
Lecture Bureau has engaged I Dr. Voor
sanger for a lecture on "Paganism In
Mcdera Society" next Saturday evening.
the San fba:n Cisco call,
NOT THE BODY OF
BRAVE VILLAMEL
Man Tied in a Chair Was
a Seaman.
PROCTOR CLEARS A MYSTERY.
OFFICES, OF THE GLOUCESTER
EXPLAINS.
Wounded Spaniard Who Was Be
ing Carried Ashore Expired
and Was Left in a Sit
ting tosture.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The Sec
retary of the Navy this afternoon re
ceived the following telegram:
PORTLAND, Or., March 14.— Remains
found in a chair about four miles west
of Santiago, as reported in to-day's pa
pers, not those of Villamel, but of Span
ish seamen. Report follows by mail.
PROCTOR, Assistant Engineer.
The officer from whom this message
was received was an engineer on board
the Gloucester, which was the instru
ment that destroyed the ill-fated Plu
ton, aboard which Admiral Villamel
started from Santiago. He was in
charge of the landing party which went
to the succor of the Spanish sailors who
managed to reach the shore from the
sinking vessel and were being fired
upon by the Cubans. While they were
bringing this particular seaman down
to the shore to take him aboard the
Gloucester the seaman died and his re
mains were allowed to sit in the chair
in which the body had been conveyed.
Department officials believe that Villa
mel's body lies at the bottom of the
sea.
The French Embassy has reported to
the Spanish Government and to the
members of Spanish families all avail
able particulars concerning the officers
and men lost and taken prisoners when
Cervera's fleet was destroyed. The em
bassy officials do not recall that Ad
miral Villamel's name was among those
rescued, although claims have been
made that he was received on board
one of the American auxiliary craft
and made prisoner. At the embassy it
has been understood that the admiral
was among the lost and in view of re
ports that his remains have been found
and identified it is expected a request
will be made by Spain, to have the em
bassy obtain the remains and forward
them to Spain.
PROCTOR'S STATEMENT.
John F. Dunning Assisted the
Wounded Spanish Seaman.
PORTLAND, Or., March 14.—Assist
ant Engineer A. N. Proctor, U. S. N.,
who was in charge of the landing par
ty after the destruction of the Span
ish torpedo-boats Furor and Pluton at
Santiago, was seen this evening and
gave the following statement regard
ing the identity of the body found in
the chair on the beach at Santiago:
"After the sinking of the Furor and
the beaching of the Pluton I landed
on the beach in a cove, three-quarters
of a mile west of where the Pluton
was beached, and made my way along
to the wreck, on the way encountering
a Spanish lieutenant and a seaman,
the latter badly wounded in the right
arm and left side. We assisted the
lieutenant to another cove to the east
ward, where about twenty-five sur
vivors of the Pluton and Furor had
collected. On reaching this cove I sent
the men back for the wounded sailor,
with a chair which had been landed by
John P. Dunning of the Associated
Press, and after waiting some time
for their return, I went up the beach
and found that the men had stopped
at the top of a hill, the sailor having
died just as they reached that point. I
had the chair moved into the shade of
the bushes and hastened to embark
with all the prisoners I could take in
my boat, turning the others over to
Mr. Dunning in the Associated Press
boat. The coat mentioned in the dis
patch was probably one which I took
from the Spanish lieutenant and used
to protect the wounded man's head
from the sun. I have been expecting
since that time to hear of the finding
of the remains, as I dn not believe any
of the other Spaniards were left in
chairs."
PECK ARRAIGNED.
SANTA CRUZ, March 14.— Ex-Tax Col
lector Willis E. Peck was arraigned this
morning on the three charges preferred
apainst him by the Grand Jury. The first
charpe was taken up by his attorney, C.
E. Lindsay, who moved that the indict
ment be set aside. Peck was accused of
having-, on or about June 30, 1597, in his
possession blank liquor licenses other
than those supplied by the County Audi
tor. The motion was argued pro .and
con for an hour and was then submitted
to Judge Smith, who will render his de
cision Saturday.
The second charge is that on or about
May, 1898, he did receive $200 for county
liquor licenses which he refused to pay
over to the County Treasurer. The third
charge is that on or about Aufrust, 1897,
he received $128 10 for State and county
taxes, which he refused to pay over to
the County Treasurer.
CRYSTALLINE GROUP SOLD.
JAMESTOWN, March 14.— The Crystal
line group of four mines, located ono mile
west of Jamestown, has been sold by C.
E, Shafer to an Edinburgh (Scotland)
syndicate for $250,000. The group Is lo
cated on the Mother Lode, between the
Rawhide and Trio mines. Fred Rainville,
agent for the syndicate, took charge of
the properties yesterday. Extensive de
velopment work Is to be begun at once.
New Orleans Winners.
NEW ORLEANS, March 14.— Weather
clear; track heavy. Elmer S was the only
winning favorite. Results:
First race, one mile, selling— Little Sallle
won, Mordecai second, Branch third.
Time. 1:46%.
Second race, six furlongs— Elmer S
won. Sister Fox second, Nellie Prince
third. Time, 1:17%.
Third race, selling, mile and an eighth-
Lady Disdain won, Rushflelds second,
Ennomla third. Time 2:00.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs
— Tappan won, Hobart second, Dandy
third. Time, 1:30.
Fifth race, selling, one mile— Dr. Marks
won. Bishop Reed second. Nemo third.
Time. 1:43.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs— Water
Crest won, John Boone second, Tom
Kingsley third. Time, 1:16.
Santa Cruz Wedding Bells.
SANTA CRUZ, March 14.— Edward
Daubenblss, well known in baseball cir
cles, was married Quietly yesterday at
the Episcopal rectory by Rev. C. O. Til
lotson of Calvary Episcopal Church. The
bride, Miss Grace Gertrude Smith of San
Jose, is popular both in the Garden City
and in Santa Cruz. Her father while
living was proprietor of the Auzerais
House in San Jose.
High School Examination.
WOODLAND, March Professor C.
B. Bradley, professor of English rhetoric
In the State University, examined a class
of High School pupils in English this
afternoon. He expressed himself as well
pleased with the result. The Woodland
High School now ranks as nigh as any in
the StftU. I
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
FISH HATCHERIES ON
EACH LARGE STREAM
Washingtoo's Legislature Pre
vents the ExtiQCtioQ of
the Salmor).
■ TACOMA, Wash., March 14.— Fish Commissioner Little announces D
# to-day that he would proceed at once with the construction of the ad- 3
§ ditional fish hatcheries authorized by the new law passed just before $
88 the Legislature adjourned last week. This law is believed to be the 2*
8 most beneficial and far reaching statute ever passed in relation to coast &
g fishing interests. It permits the establishment of sixteen new hatcher- A
25 ies during the next two years, making twenty altogether. This will 8*
8 place at least one hatchery on each large stream in Western Wash- «
ington. vj
gg For eight years past the supply of salmon has been steadily de- «
# creasing in the Columbia River and Puget Sound. The net decrease
SS during that time amounts to 30 per cent. This condition alarmed both
8 fishermen and cannerymen, who foresaw a gradual extinction of one of <>
iS the State's most important industries. They urged the Legislature to So
X provide every means possible to protect the fishing industry, and it is b.
& believed this has been done. ' 2
88 By the new system of licensing fishermen and owners of fish nets. *5
8 traps and wheels, the State will obtain a revenue of $40,000 to $45,000 g
& annually with which to equip and maintain new hatcheries. Some aid &
# will be obtained from the National Fish Commission. Fish Commis- ,3
88 sioner Little expresses the belief that the salmon supply can be U
S brought up to the maximum within five years, and thereafter graau- „
§ ally increased. He maximum within five years, and thereafter Tacoma g|
ally increased. He will establish experimental stations near Tacoma c.
j* and South Bend for the propagation of Eastern oysters and lobsters. Q
» ' Considerable feeling exists among Washington fishermen over the «
& fact that Oregon has failed to erect a single hatchery, the burden of
S keeping the Columbia ' River supplied with salmon falling entirely upon g
g this State. §
■08SOSS»Si0Si 0 1*& 8S O S2SBS#S*C«B£SSOSS C«8O?*O52O?*O!8 0880 £ » BO&&XKMCM
POLITICAL FEUD
ENDS IN MURDER
Fatal Affray at Urban,
Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 14.— A special dis
patch from Whatcom says full particu
lars reached there to-day regarding the
killing of John Jackson by Joseph
Henry, both of Cottonwood. Island, at
Urban Postofflce yesterday. The mur
der was the result of a feud continuing
over several years and growing out of
politics. About a year ago two horses
belonging to Henry were shot and
Jackson was accused of the act. About
three months ago a fight occurred be
tween Henry and Jackson and the lat
ter'B friend. Henry was brutally kicked
with hobnail shoes. Henry caused
Jackson's arrest, but Jackson's friends
testified too strongly and he was re
leased.
Yesterday morning Henry and Jack
son became engaged in another fight,
in which Henry was badly whipped.
After getting away from Jackson
Henry went to his home, obtained his
revolver and returned In search of
Jackson. When Jackson saw Henry
with the revolver he started to advance
on Henry, saying he would see if Henry
had any nerve. Henry then raised his
EVERY DRUGGIST CAN GET HUDYAN.
/ WASTING \
§■':■:. MEN 1
ff^Hj IBS
I WOMEN I
\ Hudyan Cures. £
(?) Hudyan Remedy Co.— Dear Doctors: Kindly allow me to express my opinion with ®
i regard to your remedy Hudyan. For several years I was afflicted with what is X
fa termed sugar diabetes.. My symptoms were numerous. I was gradually but steadily (i)
X losing flesh and strength without any apparent cause, and the slightest exertion would X
fa make me feel very tired. I was passing large quantities of water, and was informed fa
X by the doctors that it contained a great deal of sugar. I was always thirsty and x
X no '"amount of water or other liquor seemed to sufficiently appease my parched mouth X
Q and throat. My appetite was sometimes ravenous, and at other times entirely lost, V
X and occasionally I would have an attack of indigestion with vomiting. I felt weak X
© and sore, and had pains In my limbs. My skin was dry and rough, and my appear- (?)
"♦" ance was' rather an emaciated one. My disposition was greatly altered, and, instead ♦"
(i) of being kind and gentle to my child rcn, my manner became rather gruff and 0
V* coarse. Though I had no symptoms -of consumption, except from the loss of flesh, a
"*" the doctors continued to treat me for it, with, of course, no results. Finally one T'
® physician, through an analysis, discovered that I was suffering from sugar diabetes. (•)
■4- His treatment was entirely diabetic, and he assured me that no other treatment was +
0 Indicated. Becoming convinced that I was growing worse, I determined to try your A
V Hudyan remedy, which had been highly recommended, to me. I had absolutely no
t" faith In patent medicines, and was at first against Hudyan, but when I learned that "♦"
® It was not a patent medicine, ' but a remedy that had been discovered by a staff ®
.+. of physicians after a long series of experiments, I felt that I was Justified in giving +
X It a thorough trial. ~ Gentlemen, •.1 cannot find words sufficiently in praise of it. {-.
*9 True, the results were rather slow in c >ming on, but I attribute that to the fact that V
T" the disease had existed a long time and because I did not have the proper treat- X
© ment when the first symptoms came on. I have been more than sufficiently re- (J)
"T- warded for my persistency, for I am now free from every one of my former symp- ♦
© Toms and I can safely say that I am in better health at the present time than ®
¥ I ever was in all my life. ■ Gentlemen, I consider it my duty to yourselves and to 4-
-♦■ .suffering humanity to answer any inquiries that may be directed to me concerning -♦•
® your wonderful remedy, and I will state that you have my permission to use my ®
■i name and this, letter in any way you see fit. - F. •W. RANDALL. " X
0 Washington, lowa. ' . ' - ' /; ; , ! *'~ : ®
® tJI/DYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves. HUDYAN cures ®
© it Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Nerve Vitality, Rheumatism, ®
® Sciatica, Locomotor Ataxia, Paralysis, Sleeplessness, Headache, ®
+ Despondency, Mental Depression, Hysteria, Neuralgia, Pains in Side "t
♦ and Back, Epileptic Fits, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous Dyspepsia, -f
+ Indigestion, Mental Worry, Early Decay, Constipation, all Female ?
% Weaknesses, Pale and Sallow Complexions. All druggists, 50 cents if
x per package, six packages for $2.50 ; sent to any address on receipt x
% of price. : ' |?
I HUDYAN REMEDY CO., |
|| COR. STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS., I
> SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. $
® . : " •■■■■•■ ■ . ' ■ ©
® If Yon Wish Medical Advice Consult the Hndyan Doctors Free* ©
pistol, taking careful aim at Jackson.
Jackson attempted to turn around, but
Henry discharged his revolver, the ball
striking Jackson in the left side. The
wound lacerated the lungs and death
ensued within six minutes.
Henry went to Anacortes to surren
der himself to the authorities. The
officers, however, refused to accept his
arrest and at last reports Henry was
still at large. Henry is a half-breed
Indian and is Postmaster at Urban. It
is believed he will be taken Into cus
tody by to-morrow and given a trial,
which probably will result in his ac
quittal. He has usually been little
given to provoking quarrels. Some resi
dents of Cottonwood Island think Jack-
Bon was the aggressor in most of their
fights and that Henry had just cause
to shoot him. Jackson has numerous
friends, however, who are very bitter
over the shooting of their companion in
what they term cold-blood. More fights
between these factions are likely to
occur.
SOUTHERN REFORMERS
STRIKE A SNAG
LOS ANGELES, March 14.-The Police
Commissioners, in their self-imposed task
of reforming matters connected with en
forcing the saloon ordinances, met a snag
during their meeting to-day. They came
face to face, in hearing complaints
against the saloon men arrested last Sun
day for selling liquors, with the proposi
tion whether a restaurant is a place for
selling meals to the hungry or a subter
fuge for selling drinks at hours denied
to ordinary saloons.
The question remains undecided, while
Mayor Eaton and the Police Commission
ers have determined to do some detective
work in person to determine this vexa
tious question.
CHANGE OF CLIMATE
WON'T CUREMNSUMPTION
The Slocum System Is Needed.
A Curative Medicinal Treatment Founded on Modern
Scientific Truths Is More Potent
Than Air Alone.
FREE TREATMENT FOR LUNG WEAKNESS
If those of our readers who reside in
the most highly favored sections of this
country, where the climate is healthy
and invigorating, with a dry and tonic
atmosphere, will look about them, they
will see a greater or less number of
their friends and neighbors dying of
consumption, while many others have
already been carried off by that dread
malady.
These deaths have occurred from
time to time amid the refreshing prai-
rie breezes of summer; in the fair and
mellow days of autumn, and also in
the dry and sunny seasons of a south-
ern winter.
Such deaths amid such favorable
surroundings afford positive and con-
vincing proof that climate alone will
not cure consumption; that neither
pine-laden breezes nor bracing mount-
ain air will restore weak lungs or build
up a constitution that is being under-
mined and broken down by the insid-
ious germs of a fatal disease.
But, on tho other hand, many thou-
sands of testimonials from grateful
people all over this country, who have
been cured by the Dr. Slocum System
of Treatment, and are to-day in the en-
joyment of perfectly restored health
and strength, afford the most convinc-
ing evidence that this treatment, aided
by favorable climatic conditions and
surroundings, is a positive cure for
Consumption, Asthma and all other
chronic diseases of the Throat, Chest
and Lungs.
Therefore, those who go to the
mountains, the seashore or to southern
climates, as well as those who already
reside in such favored localities, should
not fall to take the Dr. Slocum System
of Treatment if they wish to derive the
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
south man pacific C9HFAXT.
(FAOiriO MTHTKM.)
Trstlsasß leave ami arc due I* arrive ••
SJAN IK*>( IM(t.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tBATB — From Dee. 18, 1898. — ABUTS
*«t««A Riles, San Jose and Way Stations... •»:43*
7«<Ml*. Beulda, Euisan and Sacramento. . . . 0:43r
Tin* a MarysTllle, OroTtUe and Reddiuc vis
Woodland 5t43»
7iO»a Hlmira, Vaosvllle and Bamsey »i*Sr
7:39 a Martinez, Ban Eamon, VeJlejc. Naps,,
Calistoga an. Santa Ilosa. 6:IOr
• :00a Atlantic Bxproas. OgUeu aDd Kui.. »i*.l»
•iSOa San Jose. LiTermore, .Stockton,
lone. Baoraraento, Plamrrule.
MurysTlllo. C'hlco, lted JJIufT 4il9r
»>B«a •Milton, Oakdale and Jamceto\ro... 4tlßr
BiOOa Uartines. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 18il3»
•iOOa Fresno, HakerslieM »anta lUrlmra.
Los Angeles, Demiu«, El Paso,
Mew Orleans and East 6:43p
lOtOOAValleJo. Martlnee and Way Stations 7>43r
I»:««M Kilts, Li*ermore, Stockton, ttacra-
mento. MendoU, flauford. VUalia,
Perterrllle •«:••■»»
•li»Or Sacramento Hirer Steamers a Bioor
liOOr Martluex. Han Raniou. Tallejo,
Napa. Call»to«a, Santa Rom VilOa
4sV*r Baaicia, Vaoavllle, Baormmento, >
WoodUud, KDighU Landing,
MansrUla, OruTlll* IO:4Sa
«tBOp KUes, Ban Joss and Stockton 7»is#
«:«M>rBaa Francisoo an Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakenneld, Los
Angeles 9:4Sa
OiS«>r Stockton, Merced, Fresno. ie<l3r
filvrlltninn, Tra<v. tfoodota, Fresno,
Mo]»tc, Santa ITarbara end la*
AjhC«lm - »■«* ;
|5:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. aH.
Xiouia. Chicago and East...- I»:4SJM |
•TtB*r Dalit* TtS 11uu... 1 -v !■■■ "<
for Mojaro ami Kuat ««43* ,
oi<M»r Knropeait Mall, Ogiteii and Kaat 0:44 a
6:O<lr Hain-arrfa. Kilos and San Jose 7tl."U ;
•6i««r Vallsjo lailSf |
t7>«>Or Vallelo, Port Cost* and Way fit»-
Uoas J»:43# |
KiVOr Oregon ICxt<rr«s,Maor»i>ieiit«. Marys-
fill*. H..1.111.K, Portlan.l, I'iigo»
Mound ami Kast 8«I«a i
«l*tO3r Sunset Limited. Fresno. I os
Angsles, SI PmO, Sew Orleans
»p<f Eaat H»43y ,
" kkii LKASIHIO ASH lUIWAIU»>i lA)CAU
(Toot of Market Street.) '
"*" "^ Melro«e, Seminary Park, /
BiOOa Fltcbbors;, Klmhunit, <li<3a '
<9iOQa San Lean dro. South Ssb l*o:4ftA
lO.OOa lieanilro, KatndlUo, |Oi43a
<11:*Oa Lorenzo, Cherry ■ 1 ? l is r
8--« OP and JViQ*
TiOOp i Buna through to Nlles. 7 ** j
J I Prom Wiles. I
" COAST DIVISION (Narrow «»nge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Newark. San Jose,Feiton.
BoalderOreek,Ssot*OrusandWay
Stettona. Bi30»
••flßr Newark, OeuterTllle, San Jose, Hew
Almadeii, Felton, Boulder Creek.
e»iita Cruz and Principal Way
Station* "■•*»••>
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:*oa
flli43F Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
m Way SUtlops jT*99p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rm Sll WIKOISOO— F««t of Mirk«t Street (Sits —
•7:18 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *3:00 J3:00
•1:00 tB:OO *6:oor.ii.
rrtnOilUßS— fMt»rßr«»dw»j.— '«:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl3:00 «l:00 }3:00 *3:00 t*;00 "3:03r.a.
(JO AST |lITISK»N (Brosd (iinrt). "
(Third and Tovrnseml Sta.)
' ?i*Oa Rail Jose anil Way .Stations (New
Alutadeu Wednesdays only) It 8*»
•iOOa Hkii .lose. Tree riinw. H>nU Crux.
PaoiOe Orofe, Paso ilobles, H»u
Lnis (»>l*po, Onaiialupe, Hurt and
PrlnolpiU Way Stations 4ilOv
I«i4Oa San Jos* and Way Stations »8:00 a
lIiSOa Pan Jose mil Way Stations Bi3&*
»»i4sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .loss,
Ollroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey ami I'aclOo
Oro»e •l»t»«*
•SfßOr San Jose and Way Stations •»:lIOa
•4:lBr San Joseaml Principal Way Stations »:4O«
•SiOOp Ban Jose and Principal Way .Stations 6:3.3 a
3t3or San Jose ami Principal Way Stations s:a«p
«::iOp Ban Jose ami Way SUt<ons 7:»«>r
fll«4ttr San Jose ami Way Stations 1:% Or
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Hud days exc«nted. : Sundays only I Saturdays only
«nd Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. tThumduvs and Sun Jays.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
• and Tuesday— Arriving: in Nevi
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and • Electrio
Lighted Sleeping; Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
■''III I.FUIGISGO tiketThice— ia market a
TELEPHONE MAIN ISO.
Oakland OSce— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jo«» Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausailto err?.)
Leave Ban Francisco, coßuaenclas; Sunday.
Sept. a 1898: • -
week Days— 9:3» a. m.. 1:11 p. m.
•undaya— 10:00. U:M a. m.. 1:11 a. a.
Round trio from Mill /alley, XL
THOB COOK A BON, Afaatak m KuM
sawat. Baa Tl«linHgß,-
I full benefits of favorable climatic con-
: ditions and sci-ntifie medication.
The Dr. Slocum System of Treat-
\ ment (consisting of Four Preparations)
iis both medicine and food. The mcdi-
i in it allay the cough and
; lung irritation, heal the soreness and
"■ subdue the pains in the throat, ever-
! come shortness of breath, improve the
appetite and digestion, and bring com-
fort, rest and refreshing sleep, while
its food properties are building up the
itution, enriching the blood and
I infusing the sufferer with new life and
vigor.
X" single remedy will accomplish all
this, but the Four Remedies embodied
in the Dr. Slocum System of Treatment
will. More than a quarter of a century
has been devoted to perfecting this
System of Treatment: every indication,
every symptom in Consumption and
other diseases of the Throat and Lungs
has been carefully studied in the de-
velopment of this Treatment; therefore
those who take it and give it a fair
trial certainly avail themselves of all
that modern science -and skill have to
Offer for the cur.' of Consumption ana
all forms of wasting diseases.
Dr. Slocum's faith in the efficacy of
his System of Treatment is so strong,
and his interest in the welfare of hu-
manity so great, that he will cheer-
fully * send his complete System of
Treatment ("Four Preparations) FREE
to all sufferers who ask for it.
Write the Doctor.
Simply write, giving your full name
and address, to Dr. T. A. Slocum, Lab-
oratories, 96 and 98 Pine street. New
York City, stating that you read this
article in The San Francisco Call, wheit
the FOUR FREE PREPARATIONS
will be sent you, together with free ad-
vice adapted to your case.
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN ET. CO.
LjICSSH3EI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
tTEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00- a. m. ; W.U.
! 8:80, 6:10. 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11: SO p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11 '30 p. m
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a. m. | 1:80. StS&j
E'OO 6:20 D zb>
' SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— fi:lO, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; lit 4B,
8:40. 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:53 p. m.
BUND AYS— »:40, . lliM a. m.» 1:40. ttH.
8:00, 6:15 p. m. -
Between Son Francisco and Schuetsra Park
same schedule aB above.
' Leave Arrive
6an Francisco. In Effect San Franclsoe,
. October 16, ■
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i Wee*
Dan!. ' Days. Destination. days. I days.
V iBO am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:2"V am
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:86 pm 6:22 pax
Fulton,
f rtO am Windsor, WtM asa
Eealdsburs;,
Lytton,
Oeyserrtlle,
8:80 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:83 pm «:» pm
Bopland and
TtSO am Uklah. T:B6 m «:M pra
7:80 am 10: M an
8:00 am OurneynUe. 7:85 pm
1:80 pm . <iMpm
T:IO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 asa
and ■
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:91 pa
7;90 am 8:00 am Sebastopoi. 10:40 amilO:25 am
8:10 pm 8:00 pmj 7:85 pml *.it pm
Stages connect at Santa KD6a for .West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
lervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale tor
he Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springe,
' highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlets
Iprinrs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Vpjfer Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
ohn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, BucknelS's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr*«
lot Springs. Mendooino City, Fort Bragg-.
Weetport. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cum*
■ours. Bell" a Springs, Harris, Ol ben's, Dyer,
ficotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 680 Market St., Chronicle bid*,
Hi , C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
_Q*nem! Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAB
Bp^LtpUJtAwpS via thii
•^^Union Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET BMOKINO AND LIBRARY CAR?
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY SV4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at I p. at,
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC coast RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. '9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:4s.
I 1:46. 5:15. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdaye at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. *10:00. ni:80 a. m.; 1:11.
t:00, «4:SO. 8:15 p. m. •
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:23. »6:35. 7:45. «9:30 a. m-J
1 *l»:»0. 2:20. 1:45. 5:05 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
| and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. •10:00. 11:55 a. m-a
•1:15. •3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.^
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK . DAYS— S:4S 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. BO.!
U:B5. 2:45. S:BO. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 d. m. .„«,.„.„
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20. 3:20.
l:0t 6:10 p. m. i
* ' THROUGH TRAINS. .
1:10 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta' as.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:00 a.m. Sundays — Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
• From Jan. 25, 1599. trains will run as follows^
South-bound. North-bound. I
Pasaen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. . Sunday per.
, Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. i
7:20 am 10:80 am Stockton 3:46 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm " Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pn»
10:40 am 5:33 pm. Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pro
11:3$ am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 pm
! 2:25 pm!l2:80 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 an
! 11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm| Tulare 5:50 am 1:06 pmi
•. Stopping at intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of stage and other connection?)
Inquire at Truffle Manager's Oilier. 221 Mjurkti
• IUTfIU Man Frajiuli'iUiBECKER TELLS HOW
HE KILLED HIS WIFE
Most Atrocious Story of
Crime in Modern
Times.
Boiled Her Body Until the Flesh
Softened, Then Burned It in
the Kitchen Stove.
CHICAGO, March 14.— August Becker
confessed to-night that he killed hia
■wife with a hatchet in their home, cut
her bod In small pieces, boiled them
in a kettle until they were almost dis
integrated, burned the mass of flesh in
a stove and buried the bones in the
prairie near his house.
In detail as related the crime is more
horrible than that with which Luet
gert was charged, or even the atroci
ties of which H. H. Holmes, the arch
murderer, ever dreamed.
In the belief that Becker did not push
his wife into the lake, as he said in h!s
first confession. Chief Kipley and In
spector Hunt presented to the mur
derer last night the circumstantial evi
dence that had been gathered against
him. For three hours he stood the or
deal. Then he broke down.
He was taken from his cell in Hyde
Park station shortly after 7 o'clock to
Inspector Hunt's private office. Wit
ness after witness appeared, and in his
presence told of circumstances damag
ing to him.
Several times Becker seemed on the
point of breaking down, but he would
rally and assert that he murdered his
wife by rushing her Into the lake at
the foot of Randolph street on the
night of January 25. Even after mak
ing the confession that he killed his
wife In the kitchen of his home, he
maintained that the trip was taken to
the lake on January 15 and the entire
story he told several days ago was cor
rect with the exception that he did not
push his wife Into the lake and that
FAWCETT INQUIRY
BEGUN AT DAWSON
Ex-Gold Commissioner
on the Rack.
ACCUSED OF FAVORITISM
CHARGED ALSO WITH HAVING
DEFRAUDED MINERS.
David Evans, a Young Klondiker,
Murders a Woman and Commits
Suicide at the Mining
Metropolis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON, Feb. 14 (via Seattle, March
14).— An official investigation of the
acts of the ex-Gold Commissioner,
Thomas Fawcett, has begun before
Commissioner Ogilvie. Fawcett is
charged by E. C. Allen with having
wilfully manipulated his powers as Gold
Commissioner for the benefit of him
self and friends. Fawcett's order in
closing and opening Dominion Creek
bench claims and changing the date
are especially cited. He is charged also
with having been unfair to miners in
accepting recording fees from more
than one person for the same claim and
refusing to return the fee upon appli
cation of the person losing the claim;
also that while the records of his of
fice were closed to the general public
he or his clerks made lists of vacant
ground on the richer creeks which were
supplied to especially favored individ
uals.
No testimony has yet been taken, but
Mr. Fawcett declares himself ready to
meet all the charges that may be
brought against him, and says he will
be shown to be entirely innocent of
any wrongdoing.
Several cases are on trial before Jus
tices Sterns and Harper against per
sons charged with conspiracy and per
jury in having sworn to having staked
claims on Kentucky Creek, the allega
tion being that they did not do so in
person. The accused that have been
held for trial are: Herman Figur. Gus
tav Siefert, W. H. Duffield and M. C.
David Evans, 30 years old. in a fit of
jealousy shot and killed Mrs. Eliza
beth Rankin White in the Monte Carlo
on February 3. He then blew his own
brains out. Mrs. White is about 40
years of age and had two daughters at
Cripnle Creek, Cola Evans had sev
eral Valuable claims and was about to
start for the outside with his partner,
T Jdhn^Huffhes. a pioneer who came
into the country with Frank Dinsmore
In 1881. died at St Mary's Hospital on
the sth. The remains were buried by
the pioneers.
William Alexander, on a bench claim
off No 12. above Upper Discovery, Do
minion Creek, blew out his brains with
i revolver on the 3d.
• "Billy" Moss, a prizefighter who re
cently won an exciting battle at the
Tivoll Theater, has been arrested for
North Amer,
ran' Transportation and Trading Com
pany force: I. J- Dalanor, T\ . W . Gor
rnans C D Emmons. George Ames and
F W' Smith arrived here from the out
side on the 7th. They left Skaguay on
December 28. __
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. March 14.— Bids were
to-day opened at the Treasury Depart
ment for the construction of a life saving
•taUon »t Point Bonlta. Cal. The fol
they went home together that evening.
During the time Becker was being
examined he remained cool and col
lected. Even when the enormity of his
crime was depicted to him in all its
horror he was stolid and indifferent. It
was only when Inspector Hunt brought
Mrs. Augusta Schoutte, sister of the
murdered woman, into the room that
Becker showed any interest in the pro
ceedings.
Mrs. Scheutte, by the advice of Chief
Kipley and Inspector Hunt, began to
plead 'with the murderer to tell what
had become of her sister's body. She
wept and implored him to tell the truth.
When Mrs. Scheutte was led away
Becker sat up straight in his chair and
to the surprise of all blurted out:
"I will tell the truth."
For a moment he said no more.
Everybody in the room leaned forward
to catch the first words of the story of
horror they knew was coming.
"I did not push my wife . into the
lake," Becker said. "I killed her with
a hatchet in the kitchen at home and
then boiled her body to pieces in a big
iron kettle. I am ready to tell all I
know now and I will take you to the
spot where I buried some of the bones
that I could not entirely destroy by
fire."
These words wtp spoken by Becker
with no trace of emotion. A steno
grapher was sent for and the story was
repeated in detail.
In answer to questions by Inspector
Hunt the murderer said: "On the after
noon of January 28 I and my wife were
talking in the kitchen and we began
quarreling. She aggravated me, and I
told her that she was not a good
woman, and that I did not care to live
with her. We both became angry, and
she grabbed a plate which was lying on
the table and threw it at me. I got
lowing proposals were received from Cal
ifornia firms:
The Thomson Bridge Company, San
Francisco, to complete work 90 days after
acceptance of bid, $10,493: P. J. Brennan,
San Francisco, $11,900; Sinnott & McCann,
San Francisco, $10,556: W. B. Anderson,
San Francisco, $13,997; San Francisco
Bridge Company. $11,765. will complete in
time required by department;. Matthew
McCarthy, Stockton, $11,000; "Williams
Bros., Oakland, $11,540; Wm. H. Healy,
San Francisco. $13,000; Wm. H. Constable,
Oakland. $10,850; James A. McMahon. San
Francisco, $13,800; John Trotten, Oakland,
$15,000; Alexander L. Campbell. San
Francisco, $10,906; John J. O'Brien,
San Francisco, $11,783. . A check
should accompany each proposal, in de
fault of which the bid i*» ignored. This
was the case with that of John Trotten
of Oakland. The contract will be awarded
I to the Thomson Bridge Company.
The supervising architect of the Treas
-1 ury, Mr. Taylor, Chief Executive Officer
! Kemper and the chiefs of minor divisions
i of the architect's office held a meeting to
night to devise plans by which prelim
inary work toward erection of the new
public buildings may be expedited. Mr.
Kemper said to The Call correspondent
that the larger cities would be taken up
first. It is probable advertisements for
! additions to the Stockton and Los An
geles buildings will be among the last to
be considered. Oakland will be among
the first, and bids probably will be pub
lished within the next few days.
The Navy Department has turned over
to the treasury the Arctic exploring craft
Thetis, formerly an old steam whaler.
She is now lying at the Mare Island yard,
but will be promptly fitted out for a voy
age to the North Pacific to carry on the
reindeer investigation in which the Treas
ury Department has been interested for
several years past. She will proceed to
Hakodate, the most northern point or the
i island of Yesso, where headquarters win
be established. She will inquire closely
Into the conditions surrounding the rein
deer herds of that part of the world— the
supply and demand and the rate of re
production and the status of experiments
that have been tried and are now being
| prosecuted on the American side of the
i Pacific. The reports that have come to
I the Treasury Department as to the fail
j ure of the reindeer importation scheme in
' Alaska have been so fragmentary and
contradictory 'that it is desired to round
iup all the information obtainable in a
single official report. The Thetis will be
officered and manned by the revenue ma
rine. The Thetis is one of the old Arctic
I campaigners of the Navy Department,
i being the vessel on which Admiral (then
Captain) Schley sailed north to the relief
I of the Greely expedition. -",'■
Lieutenant E. H. Hartnott. assistant,
surgeon, and Acting Assistant Surgeon
! John C. Rolfsnyder have been ordered to
| accompany the Sixth United States Artil
! lery to Manila. .
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— John T. Davis, San Francisco,
artificial fuel; Frank A. Dixon. San Jose,
washing: and canning table; William C. . D.
Evans Norwalk, nut and washer for vehicle
axles; Frank H. Farmer, San Francisco, boot
! blacking machine; Charles 11. Haslam, Stock
ton, gate; Stephen C. Houghton. San Fran
cisco, fare receiver; Peter H. Jackson, San
Francisco, floor. sidewalk, vault roof struc
ture; William Madison. Los Gatos, fruit or
vegetable cutter: Robert L. Peyton, Oakland,
display stand; Carl L. Schalitz, San Fran
cisco, non-overflow filling attachment for ves
sels; Jennie E. Sturtevant, Gllroy, curtain
F Oregon— G. Schmidt. Portland, device
for truing wheels; Robert Powell, Myrtle
Creek, fruit grader. - • ■ - -
Washington— Charles A. House, Spokane,
smelting jtack furnace.
A postofflce has been established at Auld,
Riverside County, with George Auld as post
master. - , . ,
Pensions for Washington: Original— Charles
Conrad Miller, Tacoma, I*. Supplemental—
'George Wilkinson, Fremont. $4. Increase
; Samuel O. Woods, Lowell, $S to 8. Original
I widows, etc.— Mary K. . Wemple, Seattle, $12.
California: Restorations and additions—Wil
! liam G. Young, dead. Kelseyville. $4 to $6: In
, crease—Samuel B. Kyle, San Bernardino, $8 to
I S10; Alexander Penrod. I^qs Angeles, 112 to $17.
l Oregon: .Original — Alexander Maxwell,
; Shedds, S«?: Mortimer Beals, Joseph, ' $8. In
! crease—Hiram J. Gallap, Myrtle Creek, $S to
<**■ ■■ -
Liebes Heirs Win.
Judge Soawr-1! has orriero., .judgment en- j
terpd for the defendants In the action re
cently instituted by James L. Crlttcnden
and Sidney M. Van AVyrk against the
heirs of the estate nf the late Herman
j Llcbes. to recover $1000 counsel fees. The
plaintiffs claimed the amount named for I
a fee for drawing up the will of the de- |
ceased. The defendants refuse^ to pay j
| the amount on the ground that the trust j
i clause' contained in the will proved il- I
legal Judge Sea.well wrote no decision, j
hut simply ordered judgment entered for
the defendants.
Pacific Whaling Company Wins.
A jury In Judge Hunt's court last night ;
brought in a verdict awarding $14,000
damages to the plaintiff in the suit of
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company vs.
the Alaska Packers' Association. The
plain-tiff alleged that th*"- defendant had
prevented plaintiff from fishing in Tangle
foot Bay, Alaska, and brought suit for
the profits of one season. On the first I
trial a verdict was brought in awarding j
damages in the sum of $50,000. A new trial j
was granted, with the result tliat oaly
114,000 was awarded. .. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
mad. I saw a hatchet on the floor
near the stove and I caught it up and
struck her on the head. She fell, and
at first I thought that she was only
stunned. I tried to bring her to, and
then I saw that 1 had killed her. After
I knew what I had done I tried to
think of some plan for getting rid of the
body. I thought the best way would be
to boil it to pieces and then burn what
was left. The quarrel occurred about 3
o'clock in the afternoon, and my wife
lay there on the floor nearly two hours
before I began to- cut her up.
"First I undressed her and burned
all her clothes in the kitchen stove.
Then I took a cleaver and cut her head
off and threw it into a boiler full of hot
water. I boiled the body one piece at
a time and as fast as the meat would
fall from the bones I would take them
and put them into the stove. In this
way I boiled the body all to pieces, and
what was left I took and buried in the
alley near my barn. I told the story
about pushing my wife into the lake
because I did not want Ida (his girl
wife) to know what I had done."
After -Becker had finished his awful \
story Inspector Hunt decided that it
was best to conduct the murderer at |
once to the spot where he had said
the few bones which he had been un
able to burn, were buried. Two car
riages were procured, and at midnight i
Beckfr and the party, consisting of In- j
spector Hunt, Chief Kipley, Captain
Lavin, Detectives Niland and Sheehan
and Mrs Augusta Scheutte started for
Becker's home at &017 Rockwell street.
A drizzling rain was falling and the
night was dark, but the party supplied
themselves with several lanterns and
expected to find the bones after a short
search. In this they were disappoint
ed on account of the difficulty encoun
tered in reaching Becker's home. It is
nearly five miles from the station, over
rough roads. The party reached the
home, but at 2 o'clock this morning
they had not finished the search for
the bones.
Becker had been infatuated with Ida
Sutterlin for some time. He repre
sented himself as worth a little money
and claimed to own property where he
had resided the past four years. The
murdered woman, he said, was his
housekeeper. After much persuasion
and the giving to the Sutterlin girl of
a deed to property he claimed to own.
Becker obtained her consent to a mar
riage, which took place early In Feb
ruary. He took his bride to the homo
that had been the scene of his terrible
crime, and about two weeks later the
gossip of neighbors reached the ears
of the police. An investigation was be
gun, which culminated in to-night's
confession.
The police do not credit Becker's
statement that he killed his wife as
the result of a quarrel. They believe
he deliberately planned and executed
the crime in order to marry the Sut
terlin girl.
FINANCIAL FLURRY
HAS DIED AWAY
Confidence Restored at
San Luis Obispo.
DEPOSITORS ARE REASSURED
BANK SUSPENSIONS WILL COST
THEM NOTHING.
The Two Institutions That Withstood
the Disturbance Are Not in
Banger of Further
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 14.— A1l
signs of the financial disturbance,
which began here on Friday, disap
peared to-day, except the closed doors
of the two suspended banks. Matters
have resumed their normal appearance
on the street and in financial circles.
No further runs were attempted on
either of the two banks that withstood
the flurry, and there were no indica
tions of further trouble.
Commissioner Barrett concluded the
examination of the Commercial Bank
to-day. Though the showing: is not as
favorable as that of the County Bank,
the depositors are amply protected,
and will receive every dollar they have i
in the institution. The stockholders,
however, will suffer much more heav
ily than. those of the County Bank.
Where the statement of the Bank Com
missioner showed that the capital <^f
the County Bank had been impaired to
the extent of about $66,500, the same
authority indicates that that ,of the
Commercial has been impaired to the
amount of $136,500. The condition of
the bank as ascertained to-day is as
follows:
ASSETS.
Real estate I 41,631 40
Stocks'and bonds.... : 60,375 00
Mortgages 28,993 60
Bills receivable ; „ 256.989 34
Overdrafts 13,583 80
Cash • • 3,737 31
Due from banks 12.274 11
Cambria agency 18,627 49
Furniture 1.000 00
Total • $427,178 05
LIABILITIES.
Capital ...* 63.894 63
Deposits 297,449 91
Due banks 66,033 51
Total ;....... 1 7, 178 03
About 20 per cent of the deposits
are due stockholders. In arriving at
the value of the assets the values
shown by the books of the bank were
out by $147,002 53.
It is hot unlikely that a considerable
portion of the amount thus "written
off" may be eventually available, par
ticularly if a saving rain should come,
and the indications are good for heavy
precipitation to-night. Should there
be a heavy rain crops and cattle will
be saved that must otherwise perish.
Hazzard Gragg, the cashier, was ap
pointed to take charge of the bank as
the agent of the Bank Commission, and
. was placed under $10,000 bonds. If
there is no unusual obstacle to the
regular course of proceedings it is like
ly the depositors will get their first
dividend of ten or fifteen per cent with
in sixty days.
Commissioner Barrett and Secretary
Dunsmoor will leave In the morning:
for Templeton and Paso Robles. . At
the former place they will go into the
affairs of the Bank: of Templeton. and
at the latter place will examine' the
; Citizens': Bank. ■■•■-■ \\ -
May Reduce Capital Stock.
MADERA, March 14.— The directors
of the Commercial Bank of Madera
have called a meeting of the stock
holders of that institution to consider
a proposition to reduce the capital
Stock from $300,000 to $50,000,
ORE SPECKED BY
SOLID CHUNKS OF
YELLOW METAL
Richness of the Gold Fir>d at Al
berni Excites British
Colun)bia.
VICTORIA, March 14.— 1t seems that
the long-expected strike of phenomenal
richness has at last been made beyond
all possibility of doubt in the rapidly
growing mining camp of Alberni, on
tho west coast of Vancouver Island. A
vein of quartz, more valuable than any
thing ever unearthed In the frozen val
leys of the Yukon, has been located in
the vicinity of Alberni, and to-day
great excitement prevails in conse
quence in the mining circles of Vic
toria and the island camps and cities.
The find was made on a claim at the
head of Granite Creek, which belongs
to "Patsy" Clark, the well-known and
proverbially fortunate mining man of
Spokane, whose name is associated very
closely with some of the greatest min
ing properties in British Columbia and
the West. The vein was discovered by
White and Wilson, two old prospectors,
who have for years been wandering
over the rocks of this district. They
sold their find to Mr. Short, the repre
sentative of "Patsy" Clark on Van
couver Island.
The lead on the claim is two feet
wide and is a fine body of peacock ore,
with chunks of gold sticking out glar
ingly in it. How rich it is may be
imagined when it is learned that it ns
says $f>SBO to the ton. Those who have
seen the vein describe it as being al
most "the real stuff itself."
The property was found in the first
place in quite an accidental way. White
and Wilson were sitting down resting,
when one of them carelessly knocked
off a piece of the protruding rock and
was surprised to find the piece covered
with glittering particles of gold. This
property is situated about eight miles
from the mouth of Granite Creek. Mr.
INSURANCE MEN
IN CONVENTION
Underwriters Meet at
Del Monte.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, March 14.— For the
third time in recent years the Board
of Fire Underwriters of the Pacific is
assembled at this resort to carry on in
the quiet of the country deliberations
which have a vital bearing on the coast
insurance business. This year's con
vention is unusually important for
many reasons, the points of business to
be considered and acted upon having
reference to amendments to the consti
tution and general rules of the organi
zation that have accumulated during
the past year, as well as the institution
of sweeping reforms in its management.
It is loudly whispered that unless such
reforms are made some of the most in
fluential 'members of the organization
will withdraw, an action that will prac
tically break up the association.
The board is composed of the Pacific
Coast managers of all leading fire in
surance companies of Europe and
America, about eighty companies be
ing represented. There is a full
attendance at this convention,
practically every company be
ing represented, and there is promise
of big results from the five or six days'
deliberations, especially in the matter
of rates. The rate question will be one
of the first taken up for consideration,
and the attitude of most of the man
agers indicates that the tendency will
be to reduce rather than to Increase the
present rates.
Nothing in the way of business was
done to-night beyond a meeting of the
executive committee for the formation
of a programme for the coming week,
and a plan for campaign for action on
various questions.
The first business session of the board
opens to-morrow at 9 a. m., and there
will be both afternoon and evening ses
sions daily. It is believed at least a
week will be consumed in disposing of
the large amunt of business on hand.
Africa has very nearly 700 languages,
and this fart presents great difficulties to
missionary effort.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nrl^^i ARc YOU
|PfeW STARVING
*£lJmo&*^~~JjL Jim Your vitality? Have you that health and strength which Nature
' \ ML ■x^a^t^iLj^ mm intended you to have ? Many a life has been wrecked by a disease
i P *$!I^Bw^££eM which seemed only trifling. Is there any happiness for the man
I I whose vital forces are wasted? Such a man is a misery to him-
ill li§lii^^OE»r self and a burden to others. Run no chances if you suffer from
'. i. Hf; I VSW |IV Wffl / weakness. 1 can help you to get back your strength. Electricity
is the best invigorator in the world. Applied through
MY ELECTRIC BELT,
It tones up the weak parts and strengthens the muscles. Here's a new power which makes you a
new man. Read this strong proof from T. J. Daily of Hydesville, Humboldt Coutny, Cal., February
9th : "So badly did I suffer from prostration, weakness and constipation that the doctors could not
help me. Using your Belt 40 days has regulated my system. I have gained 21 pounds, and am as
strong and full of vim as though I were but 20 years old."
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, my book ,
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. "three classes of men,''
Or 204« South Broadway, Los Angeles. MAILED FREE.
Office Hours— B a. rr>. to 8:30 p. 115. Sundays 10 to I. SEND FOR IT.
"NEVER '. . SOLD . .IN . . DRUG . . STORES.
Clark, from the sample showed him,
concluded to purchase, although the
lodge itself was at the time co covered
with snow that he could not make an
examination of it.
It is a few weeks ago since the prop
erty was purchased from the original
locators, and Mr. Short has since been
superintending the work on the claim.
How well founded his opinion of the
value of the property was, is proved by
the news now received and of which
ample confirmation has been sent from
Alberni to-day.
In conversation with correspondents
at Alberni, Mr. Short said he had al
ready obtained the price paid for the
mine in the first few sacks of ore taken
out. He intends to put a large force
of men at work on the property imme
diately and will have a road built to the
claim, which is eleven miles up Granite
Creek, the trail being about twenty
miles from Alberni. He brought with
him to Alberni sime magnificent speci
mens of rock and is now awaiting the
arrival of his principals.
Alberni is agog over the discovery,
for naturally it means much to the
place, as it will give a fillip to the in
terest in the district, and with the grat
ifying news from Hayes Camp, on the
canal, that a large body of bronite has
been struck in one of the tunnels, the
attention of the mining world will be
directed to the west coast mines. It
would seem certain that this year will
see Alberni develop into a large and
prosperous town. The reports from
(iranite Creek, Hayes Camp and other
localities tend to the belief that gold
and copper ore of exceeding richness
is right at hand.
The merchants of the city also are
elated in consequence of the rich strike,
for it will in all probability result in
building up a large mining community
at and near Alberni, the trade from
which will naturaJly accrue to Victoria.
CUTTERS ORDERED
TO BERING SEA
Patrol to Be Resumed
This Year.
Special Disrateh to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 14.— A "Wash
ington special to the Herald says: Or
ders were issued to-day for the re
sumption of the annual Bering Sea pat
rol for the prevention of pelagic seal
ing, and steps arc being taken for other
important service in Bering Sea and
Alaska.
This patrol was omitted last year be
cause all the available revenue cutters
were in use a.s auxiliary war vessels.
The Rush, Oorwin, Perry and Grant
will be sent north about May 1. and
they will have incidental assistance
from other vessels of the cutter service.
The patrol will be carried on under
the same regulations as in former
years. It is expected the patrol fleet
will go north about May 1. The Bear
will go north about the same time on
her annual cruise through Bering
Straits to. Point Harrow in the Arctir
Ocean. She will look after the whal
ing fleet in those waters, rendering
such assistance as may bf needed by
the vessels. Her commanding officer
will look into any complaints of law
lessness along the coast.
The Bear will carry to Alaska the
compensation voted by Congress to the
natives and missionaries who rendered
important assistance to tho Point Bar
row relief expedition in the winter of
1897-98. Most of this compensation will
be given in thf form of food supplies.
The new Yukon River cutter, the
Nunivak, will start north as early as
possible. In addition to carrying a full
complement of officers and men for the
enforcement of the revenue and navi
gation laws on the Yukon River, she
will take out a representative of the
Fish Commission to make a study of
the fish in the Yukon and neighboring
streams, and representatives of the
geological survey to study the mineral
deposits of the Yukon Valley. She will
remain in the Yukon all winter, frozen
in the ice.
Bed Bluff Pioneer Dies.
RED BLUFF. March 14.— L. H. D.
Lango, one of Tehama County's pioneer
THE EMPORIUM.
?&+**¥+*¥*+*****+*¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ *$
* ' SS^ 'Owing to a change in prices in the sugar market on (Monday we
£ " will, for the balance of the week, give 19 lbs best grant*- i
* lated Sugar for $1,00, instead of 18 lbs, as advertised in ]
* Sunday papers. 1
* ■ »
% A Wednesday Special, To-Day (Wednesday) Only, j
* *f^Tv 5^ G Sheet Music, 23c. \
* Jr. I *^-^3 m We will sell any of the newest and most ,
* ■ vS""-** i/ WaistSf popular Sheet Music in our department — ,
& / the pieces that are published at 50c — »
/Zr-^/yTfS^t^-? oCa that we sell regularly at 35c, to-day only \
* J &M£s}s\ *& Gm at 23C !
* iwlii^i^^X. \ Among the hundreds of titles are: '
*'f RrfY^\ These P rettily ! I Love You in the Same Old Way. \
* / I iH V/^ ) ruffled Colored Blouse she Was Bred in Old Kentucky. ,
(§> /? l 15 *»? p-' Waists for boys 4to Just as the Sun Went Down. (
* LIN Jill 8 years— just 160 in Just One Girl-La Bouton.
* nF*-^=^ '-'the lot-regular 50c "The Latesf-March and Two-Step. ,
* PI I •'7 values — snecial to- At a Geor B la Camp feting. ,
* M v /^values special to- Break the News to Mother. :
£> . I' I 'da while the lot g| nce Thou Art Mine— Cyrano Waltzes. |
flk 'L l\ I lasts... 35C :My Sweet Eileen— Grand
* . March. .
flb, ' Darktown Is Out To-Night. , : _ (
* Wednesday Remarkable ' Bargains For Wednesday Onht ' |
| Dress "Goods. Hosiery Special. :
A 54-inch Scotch Mixtures — a stylish and jqq dozen La- /*F^A '
* durable Dress Fabric — in light tan and dies' Imported Jc zK/ '
* gray effects for spring and summer— a Hermsdorf Black v^. \J^¥
£ regular j 75c value —on special sale Maco Cotton fc% /^V
» Wednesday only, per yard 43c | Hose— lßr/V//A'l
2 50 and 52 inch Habit Cloth— ef- heavy weight— WS/(/A\ \
+ fects— grays, browns, blue and purple— double heels, ifilL\ l)\ 1. '
+ regular values 50c and 65c— on special double soles and Wf/Myf^C^iu '
#, sale Wednesday only, per yard 43c French toes— . '. %'( m^J<Mll '
* i our regular 25c M^Plr'^ y\v '
* Wednesday Bargains in > hose— for to-day I' V '
* Wednesday Bargains in j O nly, per pair..". #^#] I \
♦ Glassware. 17 ° i
A /< ***-~-^ Plain or Fancy - P/it'rc fnr enr
J jd^-|^^ Pressed Glass Water 3 "ait JOT <>OC.
*V- iSI fiMitS&j G°b' ets ' like pic- ■ — >
* % ■?■) xM%&/ ture— special for to- Here' a Wednesday
* x.iy NPgr day only, each... — «-, . <-» - •
in® Ribbon Special.
* •"-(4r\ •^tTp^ Pressed Glass Sy- 2000 yards heavy qua ty all-silk Broc- \
* V»«^'V S^^' rup like pic- atel Moire Taffeta Ribbon— 3^ , inches ,
* „ ... . " , ture , a--. — exquisite colorings— elegant for i
» penal for to-day only, each- N<^^o ; Easter millinery or neck ribbon— worth ■
* ' G \^r\ S c lne yard— special to-day only, per '
J English and Bohemian J_4 | yard i! 19c '
* Vases for Easter Flow- I. %.}] ■ :
1m at one-half off our £. W> for Wednesday Only, [
5 regular prices, for this Wrni^lf SI Perfumery, 61c. '
* week only V^SuwUJf \ Guaranteed Genuine Crown Perfumery ,
* " ! Co. (London) Extracts— l^-oz bottles — .
* • popular odors, including their renowned
i t/ , U^^h'r- ca,.;,,/, ;„ Crabapple— the regular price $1 bottle
* The Week S Specials in on sal 7 . day Wednesday) only at..6/c
* Groceries.
* The new grocery price lists are ready. Six Wednesday Socials in
» Get one and compare the prices with , BJg^mm^ga fT m a mmm* S i /f£T«.
» those you've been paving elsewhere. Only nOUSe rUmiSningS.
#> articles of recognized merit find shelf j Gas Lighters, with box of wax tapers —
* room' in this model department. You j to-day only 13c
may be sure of qualities, no matter how Steel Enameled Dust Pans will outlast
T low the prices are These extra I a dozen tin — regular price 25c— to-
» specials for all the weeks day only 14-c
0, 300 dozen Amazon Table Fruit— Apri- ; A good Single-burner Gas Stove,' in-
* cots, Peaches and Pears — all the week, if ; eluding 6 feet of best covered tubing — ,
* supply lasts, per can......... 11c I complete to-day for 4-Sc .
* 50 dozen 1-lb tins Dessert Grapes, re- Granite Steel Kettle, with tin cover —
J duced this week to close out the lot. per holds 4 quarts— regular price 37c each — <
2 dozen 35c \ to-day only 240 '
2 1-lb .cans Oysters, quality all right, per | A guaranteed No* 7 Range, the
j^ can ". 7c ' well-known Bridge & Beach make— set '
* Knox's Gelatine, the popular kind, per up, including pipe, in any part of city— \
* package 8c if ordered to-day for $12*65 ,
* Coffarin, the new health coffee, l^-lb | -Large size Broiler (9x12 inches)— to-
* packages, regularly 25c, this week..2Oc ; day 110
* lIIF FHIPADIIIE^
J Catalogue for HP^ . .%. »▼■ ■ '**'B%g B I I?B Don't buy until ■
J Spring almost I W*JT m _ 1 « ■▼■ you get our
£ ready. W Oold«nßulc Bazaar. .«| Catalogue. ■
J .CJUFORXUA-S LAWZIST- AMERICA'S GT^iS-nEST STORE. izi'<
settlers, died to-day of heart disease. Mr.
Lango came to this county In the early
fifties, and for many years past conducted
the Palace saloon. He was well known,
especially among the knights of the road,
for his good-natured hospitality. He was
an Odd "Vllow and his funeral will take
place v. .er the auspices of the local
lodge.
Meets the Cut Rate.
TORONTO, Ont., March 14.— Tn-day the
Canadian Pacific Company commenced
Belling second-class tickets to Vancouver,
Seattle, Tacoma and other points in the
Northwest for $41.75, the rate made by its
American rivals.
THE EMPORIUM.
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
THURSDAY, MARCH 23d,
At 12 m. sharp.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
Mission, near Third: Rents $67.
20xS0 — 673 Mission, near Third; store and
dwelling; rents preatly reduced now; new
buildings containing 1000 rooms within half
block of this property.
Hayes St.— Corner 50-Varn.
137:6x137:6 — NE. cor. Hayes and Lyon: as a
whole or in 6 lots; both streets accepted; 2
blocks from Park entrance; every lot sunny.
Geary St. Corner ; rents $36.
25x92— SE. cor. Geary and Broderick; 2295
Geary and 1316-1320 Broderick; three 2-story
dwellings.
Harrison St. Business Corner.
30x70— SE. cor. Harrison and Dore, SW. of
Ninth st.; both streets accepted; must be sold
to close an estate.
Commercial, near Front ; Brick Building.
' 25x60—311 Commercial st.. near Front; 2-story
I brick building; suitable for manufacturing or
wholesale business.
Sunny Belt Mission Corner.
i 65x117:6— 5W. cor. Church and Twenty-third:
! will be sold in one or two lots; this is the
I fashionable part of the Mission.
6th St.. through to Morris ay.; rents $74.
' 50xS5 — 425-427 Sixth St.. north of Bryant; two
1 7- room houses; brick foundation; rents $50:
! electrle road and K. R. depot will soon be on
Sixth st.
25x75 — 44-46 Morris aye. ; double house of 1
rooms each ; rents $24.
16th St. Business Corner; rents $50.
21:9x80—3121 Sixteenth st., SW. cor. of Al-
j bion. west of Valencia; occupied by the same
• tenant for a number of years.
Bryant St. — House and Large Stable.
50x80— Bryant, 566-667. between Third and
Fourth; 8-room house and stable for 10 horses;
well 100 feet deep; adapted for dwelling or
I manufacturing.
Two Florida St. Lots Cheap.
Each 25x100 — 2 lots on E. line of Florida,
north of Eighteenth; adjoining Union Brewery.
Excelsior Homestead, Corner 10 Lots.
800x100— North cor. of Persia aye. and Mos-
cow; can be sold as a whole or in 12 lots; to
close an estate.
DR PIERCES I
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOP.LIVER.LLtIMGS;
I ~ "~"
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a. powerful aphrodislne and speclflo tonlo
1 tor ta* sexual and urinary organs of botti
i sexes and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
lnvtfforator and Nervine. Sells on iv ow»
1 Merits' no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNH. Agents.
US Uarkot street, 0. S 1 .— (Send for Circular.)
56
WEDNESDAY MARCH is, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Stree*
Telephone Mala 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year #6 .00
DAILY CALL {Including Sunday Call), 6 month* 8.00
DAILY CALL tlnoluding Sunday Call), 8 moatha » l-»
DAILT CALL— By Single Month ! {*°
fVNDAY CALL One Tear *••»"
WESKX.Y CALL. One Year I '°°
All poartaiasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ■ -S O6 Broadway
NE\>T YORK OFFICE- Room, 188. Worid Bnlld!a£
DAVUi ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE - WeMnftton Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Repi»esontatlve.
BRANCH OFFICES — Montgomery street, comer Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street. open unfll
9:30 o'clock.. €21 McAllister street, open uoWl 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock.'
1941 Mission street, open ur>Ml 10 o'clock- £$« Market
street. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 25ia
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- X* Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- ISOS Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second on*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Fedora. "
Grand Opera House — "La Boheme."
Tivoll— "The Pretty Poacher."
Alcazar— "A Social Highwayman."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alhambra — "Dewey. the Hero of Manila."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Ontral Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank "W. Butterfleld— This day. at 11 o'clock, Crockery
and Hardware, at 520 Taylor street.
By A. W. Louderback— This Day. at 2:30 o'clock. Turkish
Burs, at 123 Geary street.
By Yon Uhein & Co.— Thursday, March 23, at 12 m., Real
Estate at 513 California street.
FULL STEAM AHEAD.
BY the handsome majority of 49 to 9 the As
sembly passed the exposition bill, and, on the
same day, the bill authorizing counties to levy
a tax for exposition purposes. The two measures,
therefore, go to the Senate with strong support, and
there is every reason to believe they will be regarded
in that body with a favor not less than that shown by
the Assembly.
In the meantime the Examiner continues its
croaking opposition and objects to the enterprise on
the ground that the season is bad, business dull and
many persons are out of employment. "The expo
sition is not," it declares, "so urgent as the promoters
imagine, but if the drought continue the necessity for
active relief measures will grow greater every day."
Stated in definite terms, the argument of the Ex
aminer is that the conditions of the times being un
propitious to California, while the Eastern section
oi the country is booming with prosperity, we should
not try to launch a great enterprise and attract capi
tal to the State, but should start soup-kitchens. It
is not activity in commerce and industry we need,
cays the croaker, but activity in the distribution of
doles.
If any answer be needed to this argument against
enterprise undertaken with energy in the face of bad
conditions it is to be found in a letter recently written
by John A. Wakefield, secretary of the Omaha Ex
position Company, to a gentleman in Buffalo, who
with others is engaged in preparing for" the coming
exposition in that city.
Mr. Wakefield states that the panic of 1893 found
Omaha on the crest of a real estate boom and at a
time of great industrial and building activity. Its
effects were blighting and disastrous. To use his
own language: "We went to the bottom of the slide
with great rapidity, and the fall hurt us much. The
people were much discouraged, and the financial
gloom was thick when in the fall of 1895 a small
coterie of gentlemen arranged to project and push
the exposition enterprise."
The Examiner will hardly contend that conditions
in California are worse now than those described in
Omaha in 1895. We may therefore pass at once to
Mr. Wakefield's next statement. The enterprise was
opposed, he says, by many persons who declared the
city and State could not at such a period of depression
afford the money for the undertaking. The pro
moters held on their way, however, and found sup
port among progressive men of all classes. Mr.
Wakefield adds: "As soon as the project was fairly
before the people it seemed to have a reviving in
fluence, and those who had been most discouraged
and discontented as to the outlook for the future be
gan to brace up and carry their heads in the air. They
took hold of their own affairs with renewed courage,
all of which assisted in the restoration of good busi
ness."
Commenting upon the results of the enterprise,
which, be it remembered, was conducted during the
excitement of the war, Mr. Wakefield says: "It is
calculated the large sum of $10,000,000 was left in the
cit3 as the result of the exposition. Business was
never better than at present. The year 1898 was the
largest yet for our merchants and jobbers, and the
present year starts out even better than 1898."
The Examiner says the working people of the city
will derive no employment or profit from the expo
sition, but Mr. Wakefield says that from the begin
ning of the work on the exposition in Omaha to the
day of its opening a large force of men was em
ployed, amounting at times to 2000. The result of
course was beneficial to the city.
It is unnecessary to add anything to these state
ments of the results of the experience of Omaha.
Every intelligent man can make for himself the ap
plication to the problem before us. It is to be noted
that at the end of its croak of yesterday the Examiner
hinted that it expects to "share in the division of ad
vertising." Is that what it is waiting for?
One wife-beater has just received a sentence of six
months in the County Jail, and another has been
bound over to the Superior Court. The second brute
ought to receive at least double the amount of the
first brute, and a whipping-post would be too. good
for either of them.
The shanghaied sailor who brings suit for dam
ages ought to receive more than he asks, provided he
can prove his case. Shanghaiing is a malign form of
slavery, and the American citizen who will quietly
submit to it is not fit to be alive.
Chaw Casey constitutes a striking instance of the
guilty but not proven variety. And we might go so
iar as to counsel him not to do it again.
Delaware has joined Utah in failure to elect a
Senator. Jsextl ___. - - -** —'- - -; -'. t*
STANDING BY THEIR GUNS.
THE majority still rules at Sacramento. It has
the first and last say upon the question of a Sen
atorial caucus. If the party interests require the
instrumentality of a caucus it is for the majority to
so decide. From the beginning it has decided that
those interests do not require a caucus. From time
to time a recalcitrant minority has attacked the ma
jority on this issue, but has failed to shake it. The
majority, to which alone the interests of the party are
committed, has guarded them and will do so, we be
lieve, to the end of the session. The various candi
dates supported by the majority have offered repeat
edly to retire and leave to the Legislature a clear field
for the majority to occupy and act upon. Only the
one minority candidate, Burns, has refused, and by
standing in the way has compelled the majority to
still stand guard.
Surely the majority and the people should be im
pressed by the spectacle. The Burns campaign has
r»een run on winks and nods and signs, grips and
passwords, all intended to imply a reserve strength,
the appearance of which has been confidently pre
dicted a score of times. As the contest has aged and
one after another these predictions have failed the
bluff has degenerated into a joke. As far as can be
seen now, it is the intention of Burns to prevent a
final adjournment and wait until the pressure of their
personal concerns will cause enough members to go
home to reduce the number needed to elect
down to his size. This is the last desperate resort of
the minority candidate, whose tactics have annoyed
the majority, against which it has been in rebellion.
The party and the people are watching this scheme as
they have the others that preceded it and failed in
their turn, as this will fail and follow them to the
limbo of marplots which have distinguished the
Burns candidacy and its methods.
Good party men are aware that if no election take
place the interests of the party and country will not
be endangered, because, even with Delaware, Penn
sylvania and California i leaving their three seats va
cant, there is left a Republican majority of twenty in
the United States Senate. Good party men wish that
that majority in the Senate, the largest for years,
shall be maintained, and they know this can be done
only by such nurture and admonition of the party in
its highest purposes as will retain for it the esteem
and confidence of the country, now so heartily mani
fested and freely given. This cannot be done by
showing mere wantonness in electing Senators who
represent none of the best motives and highest pur
poses of the party. Using its power to elect- a few
Senators like Burns and Addicks is the short rqad to
a loss of that power by its vicious abuse. Every Re
publican in California who is so from principle
knows, feels and says that the election of Burns
means future defeat of the party, here and the sap
ping of its strength everywhere. For that reason
they expect every man to stand by his duty and his
guns and defeat every scheme of the turbulent mi
nority which is behind Burns. As his candidacy if
openly announced last fall would have defeated the
party last November, so his election now will defeat
it next year. This no one doubts nor denies. No
one doubts that his candidacy was secretly intended
and planned for long before the last election. It was
among the set purposes of a few men who have no
interest in the party except to gather the spoils of its
victories, and who care nothing for the advancement
of its principles. These men cherished their plans in
secret, while those who strive for party success for
the general welfare were making pledges and prom
ises to the people inconsistent with the waste of its
power and triumph in the election of Burns. These
men are justly indignant at the cold-blooded proposi
tion to stamp them as liars and agents of false prom
ises and pledges made to be broken. It is well for
the party that its majority in the Legislature has so
far stood for the redemption of these public pledges
and has repudiated the secret plots of Burns and his
Junta,
THE LEGISLATURE AND THE BANKS
AGAIN.
r "l "*HE necessity for a Federal Senator, if one can
be elected who will represent the intelligence
* and the respectability of the State, is urgent.
But there are also some matters of practical legisla
tion, of more importance to farmers and business
men than to politicians, that ought not to be neg
lected in the closing days of the session. We re
ferred yesterday to . Senate bill No. 678, in relation
to the Bank Commission, which has been amended
under influences evidently political or personal, and
suggested that it be restored to its original text and
passed. The recent suspensions of banks in Santa
Clara and San Luis Obispo counties have made it
obligatory upon the Legislature to pay some instant
attention to the protection of depositors who repre
sent earnings and savings. The County Bank of San
Luis Obispo, as we clearly proved, on account of the
disproportion between its indebtedness and its cash
and convertible securities, in 1895 was badly man
aged, by August 31, 1898, was positively unsafe, and
should have been stopped or at least severely dis
ciplined by the Bank Commission, and by the begin
ning of this year had been permitted to drift into a
condition that rendered its suspension almost in
evitable. The statement of its assets and its liabilities,
completed on Monday last under the direction of
Bank Commissioner Barrett, and which appeared in
yesterday's issue of The Call, not only confirmed our
previous comments, but shows transactions within
niro weeks that demand the closest investigation and
clinch the argument for immediate legislative action.
On January 1, 1899, the bank owed its depositors
$362,214, but on March 13, 1899, this indebtedness
had been reduced to $284,344, showing payments or
withdrawals to the amount of $77,870. It will be in
teresting to ascertain how this sum was obtained and
among whom it was distributed, with special refer
ence to the directors and stockholders. Between the
two dates mentioned the cash balance had decreased
from $12,777 to $6762, or by $6015, while the in
debtedness to other banks, presumptively based upon
the best available securities the County Bank could
furnish, had increased from $87,260 to $149,893. This
addition of $62,633 to the borrowed money on which
the bank to a large extent apparently conducted its
business was effected within nine weeks, and, together
with the cash withdrawn, saved some depositors, who
were "either extremely lucky or singularly favored, to
the detriment of others to whom $284,344 is now due
and unpaid.
Senate bill "No. 678 as it originally stood without
any additional expense to the State would at least
supply a temporary check to this reckless method of
dealing with the money of the people collected into
banks and would serve to bridge over the period
till the next legislative session, when it is to be hoped
a thoroughly digested and effective substitute for the
existing faulty system may be devised and enacted.
It is quite practicable for the amendments proposed
in this bill to become law within three or four days,
ai?d tflc urgency of the situation demands rapidity of
movement. It might be a useful addition to these
amendments to hold the Bank Commissioners to a
THE SA^ FKAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
certain extent responsible for their own acts, and to
this end to provide that if any bank prove to be insol
vent within six months after it has been examined and
pronounced sound, the commissioner or the com
missioners participating in the report shall be sus
pended, and, unless justified through an investigation
by the Governor, summarily removed. This could be
easily accomplished by an addition to section 6 of
the act establishing the Bank Commission. Section
S should undoubtedly be changed, if nothing more be
done, by requiring notice of every assignment and
hypothecation made by a bank, including a certified
copy of the instrument itself, to be given within
twenty-four hours to the Bank Commissioners. The
statute requiring semi-annual statements to be pub
lished should also be re-enacted.
There is no time to be lost unless a plain legisla
tive duty is thrust aside and the welfare of the people
disregarded.
PRIMARY ELECTION REFORM.
' | 'HE purpose of the new primary election law,
we take it, is not so much to introduce electoral
* reform with a rush as to strengthen the organiza
tions of political parties. While it has been boomed
by its promoters on reform grounds, the more in
telligent of them know that electoral reform must
proceed first from the people; in other words, that an
honest, virtuous, upright people need no laws to main
tain the purity of the ballot. Among such a people
square elections must be as common as pure air and
undefiled sunshine.
Just exactly how the new primary law is going to
work, however, can scarcely be foretold. It provides
that political parties having complete organizations
shall elect their delegates to nominating conventions
under the forms of law, and it punishes severely every
politician who attempts to subvert these laws for the
purpose of dominating conventions or controlling
delegations. It sends to the rear all "committees,"
"side shows" and rump conventions, which in the
past have afflicted city and State by parading thei
virtues under divers high-sounding designations.
Doubtless sweeping this rotten political timber out
of the way will be a good thing. We know of no in
stance in which the candidates of any of these "par
ties" have been elected, and there is no case on record
where they have ever aided the cause of reform. They
are usually the outgrowth of office-seeking and sore
headism, and while their influence has sometimes
helped to curb the arrogance of the bosses, as a rule
they have worked to defeat good candidates rather
than to weed out the bad ones. .
When the Australian system of voting came in we
entered upon a season of ballot independence, which
has almost destroyed the regular political organiza
tions. The influence of that system has not only
disintegrated parties, but it has loosened party lines
among all classes of politicians. It has made bolting
a virtue and has given rise to all sorts of party in-
subordination. The new primary law gives the pen
dulum a swing in the opposite direction. If it shall
turn out to be a practical statute it will be possible
under it to build up our political organizations once
more and make them represent something more than
the wishes of an inconsequential faction or the aspira
tions of a political boss. Citizens who desire to re
form the Government will be compelled to make their
fights at the primary ballot boxes. Politicians who
want offices will have to organize their delegations
and trade themselves into the nomination in regular
conventions, and political bosses who hope to rule
under party labels will have to possess brains and
popularity.
We shall observe the operation of this law with
great interest. Undoubtedly it contains the germ of
an important political change, and if our people do
not get disgusted with it before it has developed
electoral reform it may prove to be the solution of
the entire political problem. Honest government
usually proceeds from the active civism of a virtuous
people. If the new primary election law can arouse
and maintain that sentiment among-our people it will
prove a success. We have plenty of virtue but very
little active civism.
NOT long ago Baldwin made a threat that he
would cover the site of his late lamented
tinder-box with a lot of single-story rookeries,
lie intended to use the walls now standing to carry
out this purpose.
That the fulfillment of the threat would have been
a blow to the material interests of the city there can
be no question, and that the Supervisors, who seem
bent upon serving the public, and are thus a surprise
and a delight, should have overturned the Baldwin
scheme is a thing for citizens to congratulate them
selves about.
The walls of the old Baldwin Hotel must come
down. Such is the official decree, and we hope there
will be no delay in carrying it out. They stand to
day a blot and a menace. The fence surrounding
them is an exhibition of Baldwin nerve. Calmly,
resolutely, without the slightest regard for the rights
of others, Baldwin had the fence erected, and then
went away so far that he could not see it. He
utilized the space needed for pavements, shut of!
access to the places of business of his neighbors, and
never so much as said "By your leave."
San Francisco would like to see on the corner a
creditable strycture. The location is one demanding
this. Baldwin's plan of spoiling the site and damag
ing all property in the neighborhood was as generous
as his practical closing of the thoroughfare on one
side of his property. He rose above all authority for
a time, but in turn the authority rose and reached
him.
There should be no delay in leveling the walls.
They are a constant danger, a nuisance and a detri
ment. While intact they were never fit to stand,
and now, bereft of all support, the only reason they
do not fall on the head of the passer-by is the good
ness of Providence.
Jake Steppacher as Registrar of Voters would bring
to the office experience, a love for Burns, an adora
tion for McLaughlin, a pleasing and modest person
ality, and a wart. There is no tendency to speak
lightly of the wart. It surmounts Jake's dome of
thought and is supposed to be a receptacle for brain
matter that could not find room inside.
Frank Nickel has been arrested for shooting at his
sister with blank cartridges. Frank made a mistake.
If he expected to acquire popular sympathy his game
was to use genuine cartridges of large caliber. Then
he could have pleaded insanity, and all would have
been well with him.
Corrigan is said to feel blue, but perhaps by beat
ing a ninety-pound reporter, his favorite amuse
ment, he might restore his equanimity of mind. The
trouble is that in San Francisco reporters average
above this figure.
Evidently the bankers of San Luis Obispo got
tired of waiting for the end of the drought.
The Filipinos are receiving valuable but costly in
struction in the art of war.
ONE-STORY BALDWIN.
CALIFORNIA'S
UNEXPECTED
POSSIBILITIES
Great Commercial Ac-
tivity Promised.
A RESULT OF THE LATE WAR
GENERAL CHIPMAN'S REMARKS
ABOUT TH±l FUTUBii.
His Report Read at the Annual Meet
ing of the State Board of Trade
Contains Many Interesting
Statistics.
The annual meeting of the State Board
of Trade was held In the Ferry building
yesterday afternoon, with General N. P.
Chipman presiding and J. S. Emery,
Cralgie Sharp, Mrs. Elizabeth Shields, C.
If. Wooster, W. H. Mills, Colonel J. P.
Irish, B. N. Rowley, George T. Trow
bridge, N. W. Spaulding, W. Frank Pierce
and E. W. Maslln present.
Secretary Filcher* read a dispatch ad
dressed by the managers of the Pan-
American Exposition to the State Board
of Trade, in which California is invited to
make an exhibit. Mr. Mills advocated
making the exhibit, and said the Board
of Trade could do more with $10,000 in
making the exhibit a success than the
State could with $100,000. Secretary Fil
cher was instructed to visit Sacramento
and endeavor to obtain from the Legis
lature an appropriation of $10,000 neces
sary to make the exhibit.
A protest from sixteen residents of San
Antonio Valley and the vicinity of Lock
wood was presented to the board. In
substance it refuted the report of E. "W.
Maslln concerning the distressing condi
tion of the valley, with the exception of
such part of it as referred to the rainfall.
These citizens asked that a practical
farmer and a reliable person be ap
pointed to examine thoroughly into tne
conditions and products of the valley,
and make a truthful report.
Mr. Maslin reaffirmed the report he had
made. He admitted that in his investiga
tion he had found tho soil rich but that
it was of such a character that unless
there were a heavy rainfall disastrous
seasons resulted. Mr. Mills also cited
opinions of an expert who had investi
gated the locality and found the soil of
such a character that it was not bene
fited by cultivation. The board deemed
no injustice had been done the residents
of the locality, but it was necessary that
the truth about the condition of this un
fortunate district should be made public,
in order to relieve the remainder of the
State from any bad reputation that might
consequently result.
A letter was received from the
Fresno Chamber of Commerce inquiring
as to whether the board intended mak
ing an exhibit at the coming Philadelphia
Exposition. The letter was laid on the
The secretary presented the financial
report for tho past fiscal month. It
showed receipts amounting to $14y3 70 and
disbursements to $&59 17, the balance on
h.ind being $5754 53.
The annual report by President Chip
man of shipments of fruits, wine and
brandy and vegetables for the year
1898, together with statistical tables
showing other productions, was given the
closest attention by the board. The sta
tistical tables submitted were exclusive
of the home consumption.
One of the most significant statements
made by General Chipman was his ref
erence to California's future. He said:
"I may as well say here as elsewhere
what would be unpardonable to omit
that the Spanish-American war has
opened great and unexpected possibilities
if not actualities for California. Wise
men not Californians— and some wise
men who are Californians— foreeee and
have placed themselves on record as be
lieving that the most important theater
of commercial activity on the globe is
soon to be in the countries washed by the
Pacific Ocean. It is the belief also of
these wise men that the city of San
Francisco and the State of California of
all American cities and States are to be
the most benefited by the momentous
turn in the wheel of fortune which the
United States has recently given. I dis
claim having the wisdom of these seers,
but I beg to add my humble concurrence
in these forecasts of the future for our
beloved State."
A committee of ladles from the Cali
fornia Art Club, consisting of Mrs Mills,
Mrs Moore and others, appeared before
the board and stated that it was the pur
pose of the club to hold in this city early
in May a State Industrial Fair for the
purpose of advancing native industrial
arts of the State and to encourage poor
artists. They asked assistance from the
board, and received an appropriation or
$"50 and General Chipman was appointed
a committee to co-operate with the ladies
and to render them all the assistance ii\
his power. Tne members of the board are
heartily in acdord with the California Art
Club and the practical work It is about
to undertake. •
Mr. Maslin strongly advocated the ne
cessity of the board endeavoring to im
press upon Governor Gage the great im
portance of retaining as Horticultural
Quarantine Officer Alexander Craw. A
new bill is now pending before the Legis
lature which has in view the extension
of the power of this officer. The Governor
has the power of appointment, it being
the condition upon which he agreed to
£ign the bill. Tho board will use its in
fluence to get the Governor to continue
Mr. Craw in office.
All of the old officers were re-elected,
and W. Frank Pierce was ejected second
vice president in the place of C. F. Mont
gomery, deceased.
BOY HORSETHIEF CAUGHT.
Leslie G. Beckwith Must Answer to
Charges in Oakland and Salinas.
Leslie G. Beckwith is only 17 years of
age. but he is reported to be a clever
horsethief, and will have to answer to
several charges of that nature before he
is many days older. Last Friday he hired
a horse and buggy from Hermann Broth
ers, 607 East Eleventh street, East Oak
land. On Sunday evening he drove to the
livery stables of J. B. Schroyer, 1523
Howard street, and said he had come
from San Jose and would return for the
ri~ in a few minutes, as he was negotiat
ing with a man to buy the horse. He took
the horse to Sullivan & Doyle s stables
327 Sixth street, and offered to sell it for
$10 Then he came down to $5.
He told Doyle that he had had the horse
for three years and came with it from
Kings City. Doyle's suspicions were
aroused and he called in Policeman
Cooney. who placed Beckwith under ar
rest and locked him up in the "tanks."
lie gave the name of Charles Johnson.
Detective Dillon was put on the case,
and he closely questioned Beckwith, who
told him innumerable lies. He admitted
that he was known in Salinas City, and a
letter of inquiry was sent to Sheriff Far
lev there. Meantime the police here had
be'en notified of the disappearance of Her
mann Brothers' rig, and yesterday George
Hermann came across the bay and identi
fied his property. Beckwith was booked
for grand larceny and was sent to Oak
land in charge of an officer.
Word was also received from Sheriff
Farley yesterday that Beckwith was a
well-known horsethief and he was wanted
for stealing two horses there.
DICK WILLIAMS WILL ESCAPE
One of the Chief Witnesses for the
Government Missing.
The third trial of Richard S. Williams,
ox-Chinese Inspector, charged ■with ex
torting money from Chinese immigrants,
•will be called in the United States Dis
trict Court to-day, and it is expected that
the case will bo ordered dismissed and the
defendant discharged on account of the
absence of Chin Deuck. one of the most
important of the Government witnesses.
Deuck left for China a few weeks ago
without having notified the Government
of his intention. He and W ong Sam were
the means of convicting Williams on tne
former trial, but his absence leaves no
one to corroborate Wong Sams testi-
On the two former trials Williams
guilt was apparently clearly established.
On the first trial it was shown that when
he became an inspector he was a poor
man, yet in two or three years time ne
had amassed a bank account of 514.000.
although his salary was but $4 a day.
FIGHTING FOB TILEMEN.
The New Federal Building Plans
Give Much Dissatisfaction.
The Merchants' Association has taken
up the fight of a number of local manu
facturers of building material with refer
ence to the plans of the new Federal
building. When the plans and specifica
tions arrived it was noticed that they
provided for concrete flooring throughout
the entire structure. This aroused the ire
of the hollow tile men, who assert that
they are- barred out of competition for
any of the contracts on the building, c in
order that the tile men may have a
chance the association has sent the roi
lowing letter to the supervising architect,
Taylor, at Washington.
1 "Dear Sir: The immediate attention of
will
JSe'nded £*« tS allow its use in the an
SSKled so\ S to .allow its use in the new
G r e D Take the^iuferty of calling your
urgent attention to this matter feeling
assured that your department will have
fhese specifications so amended as to per
mit our local manufacturers to bid for
th . l .fcgag r wl£ 3? our expense a reply to
tbiS g ASSOCIATION.-'
HE LOVED HER MADLY
IN FROSTY NOVEMBER
SPICY TESTIMONY BEVIEWED
IN NAGLE CASE.
Counsel Will Argue the Points Pro
and Con Before Judge Mogan
on Tuesday Next.
The hearing of some new testimony and
the cross and redirect examination of pre
vious witnesses in the Nagle-Rodgers ring
case brought the spicy hearing to a close
in Judge Mogan's court yesterday after
noon.
B. K. Collier, attorney for the prosecu
tion, started the afternoon's proceedings
by calling the Judge's attention to the
fact that threats had been made by the
defendant's father against the life of At
torney Nagle and that on Saturday after
noon both defendant and her sister, Miss
Lord, had followed Nagle and his a " or "
ney down the street, flinging at them
Insulting and tantalizing remarks. The
court counseled that the necessary legal
steps be taken in the matter, adding that
he would punish for contempt of court
incident of the trial was the
asking of the Judge that the testimony of
Mrs. Rodgers. in which she stated that
Nagle Sr. was "fearful," be stricken from
the court records. "There is no question
as to the integrity of Mr. Nagie Sr. or to
his honorable standing as an attorney,
! said his Honor, "and I therefore ask
i that the testimony bearing on this point
be omitted from the official report."
Counsel for defendant offered no objec
tion and it was so ordered
During the afternoon Mrs. Rodgers
Mrs Lord and Mr. Nagle were recalled
to the stand. Mrs. Rodgers added noth
ing to her previous testimony except to
state that in the early part of frosty No
vember the Nagle cardiac went a thump
ing pace and that his love was sizzling
ha" letter submitted by the attorney for
the defense showed that Nagle was In the
habit of addressing the lady who, he
claims, stole his ring, as "My dear Nel
lie " and in the missive he only sentrnis
"regards" to the family, reserving his
"love" for Nellie.
Judge Mogan will hear the arguments
in the case on Tuesday morning next at
11 o'clock.
AROUND THE
G. Gerst, a brewer of Red Bluff, is reg
istered at the Russ.
Frank W. Smith, an attorney of Red
ding, is at the Lick.
Judge J. R. Lewis of San Jose is a
guest at the Occidental.
William Nicholls Jr., a Dutch Flat
banker, is at the Grand.
Thomas Flint and his wife are regis
tered at the Palace from San Juan.
Avery G. White, a Stockton attorney,
is at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
A. H. McKinley, a prominent Pittsburg
merchant, is registered at the Palace with
his wife.
Mrs. Belle Irving, whose husband has
extensive fishhing interests in Vancouver,
B. C, is at the Occidental.
Emil Rogasner, formerly with the Chi
cago Daily News and now representing
an Eastern picture firm, is at the Palace.
Captain Hinkle, who brought down a
torpedo boat which was constructed on
Puget Sound to Mare Island, is at the
, Russ.
Thomas J. Kirk. State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, came down from
Sacramento and will be at the Lick for a
few days. ,
C. H. Ordway, a Reno mining man; A.
H Hart, a silk merchant of New York,
and W. P. Hussey, an Indianapolis tim
ber-dealer, are among the arrivals at the
Grand.*
Richard Tjadu of Stockholm arrived at
the California yesterday. He is an enthu
siastic hunter of big game and has come
here to gratify his desire in that direc
tion. He is now arranging for hunting
trips to Salinas and to the Rockies.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 14.— William T.
Shaw of San Francisco is at the Windsor;
R. Rol^jathal, Miss M. Marshall, of San
Francisco, are a.t the Vendome; F. S.
Johnson of San Rafael is at the Bucking
ham; Charles F. Kinsman of San Fran
cisco, J. A. Partridge of Durango, are at
the Imperial.
ANSWEP.S TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO PREMIUM— F. H., City. There is
no premium on a fifty-cent piece of 1831.
HAY— C. F. S., City. By examination
of The Call's market reports you will see
that wheat sells higher than timothy hay
in the San Francisco market.
SUBMARINE CABLES— S., City. There
are at this time all over the world 1142
submarine cables, which have an aggre
gate in nautical miles of 19.580.
RUSSIAN NEW YEAR— T. R., City.
Every one hundred years the difference
between our system of reckoning, the new
style, and the Russian and Greek system
old style, increases one day, so after 1900
the Russian new year will fall on Jan
uary 14.
PENSIONS-R. P.. City. According to
the table of rates the highest pension in
the United States is $30 per month and the
lowest $8. There are special cases where
the rating is different, as for instance in
the case of total blindness or loss of both
hands, etc.
AN ODOR OP GAS— A. W. X., City "A,
perceptible odor of gas in Santa Barbara
County at a point where there are no oil
wells within twenty miles" would be con
sidered an indication that there was nat
ural gas in the vicinity, a fact which can
be determined by drilling, exactly as for
oil or water.
A SUSPICIOUS
FIRE IS BEING
INVESTIGATED
Cottage and Contents
Destroyed.
OCCUPANTS AT THE THEATER
WHEN THEY BETUBNED THE
PLACE WAS IN FLAMES.
Suspicion Lies in the Fact That There
Was No One in the House
for Nearly Five v
Hours.
Fire Marshal Towe is investigating a
suspicious fire that occurred at 350 Twen
ty-fourth avenue, near Point Lobos road,
early yesterday morning, resulting in the
total destruction of the building and con
tents. The house was owned by Mrs.
Henry Vorrath and was occupied by
Michael O'Doherty, a motorman.on the
Sutro electric road.
The suspicious circumstance lies in the
fact that no one -was in the house from
7:30 o'clock Monday night, when O'Doher
ty and his wife left it to go to the Al
cazar, till they returned a few minutes
after midnight. When they left there
was nothing that would lead to the sup
position that a fire would take place.
According to O'Doherty's statement
made to the Fire Marshal and Sergeant
Harper shortly after the fire, when he
returned to the house and opened the
front door he was met with a volume of
smoke, which drove him out. An alarm
was turned in, but before the firemen
reached the scene the place was in ruins.
O'Doherty said that he and his wife
went to the Alcazar and had seats down
stairs. When asked if he had any checks
for the seats, he produced a pass check
and in explanation said he left the thea
ter before the close of the play, taking
the check and waited outside for his wife.
He could not remember the name of the
play, but several friends saw him there.
When pressed to name them he said he
could not remember their names. His
furniture and personal effects were in
sured for $600, but he placed their value
at $1000, as his wife, who was in good cir
cumstances at one time, had a lot ol
valuable jewelry. .. ,
O'Doherty's wife was then questioned
by the Fire Marshal and told the same
story of going to the Alcazar, but she
contradicted her husband by saying they
had seats upstairs. She also could not
remember the name of the play.
The Fire Marshal and police searched
the ruins for two or three hours but could
not find any trace of anything suspicious
Before leaving he told O'Doherty to be at
his office yesterday morning. O Doherty
appeared, but although closely questioned
he adhered to his original story.
The building was a four-roomed frame
cottage and was insured for $iOO.
Sanford to Be Prosecuted.
Secret Service Agent Browne was in
structed yesterday by the Secretary of the
Treasury to prosecute Charles Sanford
Rounds, alias Charles Sanford, for alter
ing United States bills. Sanford is a con
fidence man, and when arrested by De
tective Egan at the Cliff House several
dollar-bills were found on his person. Ihe
bills had been raised by pasting on the
faces thereof the figures "oO" and 100
cut out of internal revenue cigar stamps.
Crushed by Wealth.
John Ashman, an expressman, who for
many years has carried the sacks of
money from the Custom-house to the
United States sub-treasury, slipped and
fell as he was descending the steps of the
Custom-house building with two heavy
na< k.s of coin yesterday and sustained a
fracture of the right leg. Ashman was
taken to the Harbor Hospital, where the
fracture was reduced.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
It is not generally known that at one
time vergers were instructed to shoot tne
pigeons of St. Paul's, to keep down their
numbers. They were shot Jfrom the steps
at the western front of the cathedral,
when the area before the steps was in
closed. But this was put a stop to som«
thirty years ago.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
\ California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Ve6ttbuied
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
office, 628 Market st. •
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
I'arkkr's Hair Balsam is the favorite for
dressing the hair and renewing its life and color.
.ui-NDiKcoHNS. ihe bes: cure lor cor ii j.i.
A nice little sum of nearly $15,000,000. be
longing to the Pope, lies unclaimed in the
Italian treasury. When the Italian Gov
ernment took possession of Rome an an
nual civil list of some $65,000 was assigned
to the Pope as compensation for the loss
of the temporal power. But neither Pius
IX nor Leo XIII would touch the money,
lest they should acknowledge the usurping
power, and bo the income has been ac
cumulating ever since.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The slight cough may
soon become deep-seated and
hard to cure. Do not let it
settle on the lungs.
Think! Has there been
consumption in your family?
Scott's Emulsion is Cod-
liver oil with hypophos-
phites. These are the best
remedies for a cough.
Scott's Emulsion has saved
thousands who, neglecting
the cough, would have drift-
ed on until past hope. It
warms, soothes, strengthens
and invigorates.
50c. and $ t.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWKE, Chemists, New Ywk.SECOND NIGHT
OF THE OPERA
" Cavalleria " and " Pagliacci "
Given Vivid Interpretation
at the Grand*
It was real opera in Mission street last night To be sure Melba
was not in the cast, nor any other special star, and the crowd was
small as compared with that of the opening night. But nevertheless it
i comfortable, satisfying performance in most respects— one that
displayed the ensemble strength and the discipline much better than
did Monday's opening. The play, or rather the opera, was the thing,
and in th<> papular double bill of "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "Pagli
acci" we were given two spirited and almost hltchless performances.
The New York symphony orchestra, which was so cruelly caged un
der the stage the night before, came up out of its shell and played
within sight and Bound of the audience and was the star of the night.
We have heard good symphony orchestras before in San Francisco,
hut never such a band of musicians as this one in an opera organiza
ation. It is a perfectly equipped orchestra, finely balanced, clean and
sure in tone and absolutely plastic under the baton of its leaders. Herr
Fried directed in the •Tavalleria" and Signor Seppilli in the "Pagli
acci," and both did strong, urgent work. Peppilli, of course, is the big
ger man of the two, and, naturally, he scored the better impression in
the better opera. But Fried's reading of the Mascagni music was no
tably good; he brought out the color and the profile of the score with
fine emphasis. And if he did not interlard the poor old intermezzo
with any special hysteria, who shall blame him? Anyway, this record
breaking chestnut was duly encored as per tradition in spite of Herr
Fried, and the audience was happy.
The "Cavalleria" came first and introduced Mme. Chalia in the role
of Santuzzu. Chalia is a Cuban, and if there are others like her over
there the American opera-goer's burden will not be a heavy one to bear.
She is a remarkable little artiste, full of fire and ginger. She acts for
all that is in her. strenuously and yet never too much; and her voice
is resonant and expressive to a degree without being what you would
call round or liquid. There is a certain dramatic harshness in it that
comes out very pat to the part of Santuzza. Chalia is really an ideal
Santuzza. She plays and sings the part, uuse-like, without any forced
blandishments, and you feel the crude, poignant identity of the char
acter.
Pandolfini was the Turridu. and in that part succeeded as promi
nently as he failed the night before In "Faust." His voice seemed to
gather color and take on new character in this more lenient role, and
his acting showed study and imagination. The Alfio was Beneaude.
whose acting was nothing short of a revelation; in the quarrel scene
with Turridu it was masterly. The performance of "Cavalleria" was
marked by good chorus work, good stage management and unquestion
able atmosphere.
Chalia and Bensaude were again to the good in "Pagllacci." She was
a vivid, passionate Nedda and he a capital Tonio. I have never heard
the prologue sung with finer humor and feeling than Bensaude put in
it, and I have never known another Nedda to be so completely and
dramatically realized as Chalia's was. Our old Tivoli favorite Mich
elena was called in at the last hour to sing Canio. His voice seemed
vague and out of form, but his acting was as keen and thrilling as
ever. Another change in the cast was the substitution of Suinto Zane
in tw place of De. Vries in the part of Silvio. Mr. Zane, like Michelena,.
happened to be local and handy, and he also acquitted himself quite
honorably.
In "Pagllacci," as in "Cavalleria," the acting was admirable
throughout, and the choruses were remarkably good. The orchestra
under Seppilli played with superb sweep and spirit. Everything' that
is in the score, and more than we had ever heard at other hands, he
brought out. And this, I am sure, was only a taste of what he will do
to-night with the brilliant orchestration of "Boheme."
All mall, the double bill was an enthusiastic go, full of happy sur
prises and * valuable art. Everybody in the house seemed pleased, and
made no bones about showing it. Melba sat in a box and compli
mented her colleagues with liberal applause.
>C;O ;O ?O « X O ?O • O -•> O-O •O\'-O'?O>f O <s>O£-O-*>O'.^O<*O<S>O<^O <?> o<j.-o^o^o- 0• i
POLICE WERE FOILED.
Attempted to Introduce the
Eastern Hack. System
but Failed.
The police last night made an inef
fectual effort to introduce the system of
calling ha'-ks. now In vogue in the East,
Grand Opera-house.
After Monday night's performance hun- :
dreds of hacks were crowded in the nar
row confines of Mission street. People
crowded out of the theater, each man
looking for the hack that brought him .
regard iof th<? convenience of his
neighbor, and the result was general con
fusion and a blockade of the street.
Sergeant Gorman and Corporal Bowlen,
the local Inspectors of hacks, according
ly put their heads together and decided
•roduce the Eastern check system.
This system works as follows: When a
party drives up in the hack he is handed
a card with a number printed on it. The
harkman is also handed a card bearing
a similar number and he takes his place
in line. When the play is over the first
man out shows his card, and he is as
signed to the fsrft hack in line, whether
•he one that brought him there or
not. The driver has a card U> nhow.
however, and this card can be cashed in
ar the office of the carriage company
bringing the man to the theater. In fact,
the system is similar to that of banks In
the collection of civ
It is very simple and its object was to
Eavc trouble to the hackrr.pn, the people
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FACE <S HEAD
COVERED WITH SCALES
Shed a Tablespoonful at Night. Hair Full
of White -Scabs. Offer $100 for Cure.
Friend. Suggests CUTICURA REMEDIES.
Tries Them and Is Cured.
I" Last summer I had company— a man and his
wife. The man's hands and face had dry.
6caly sores on them, and his head was cov-
k ered with the same, his hair being full of
those white scales or scabs. His wife said,
"Some mornings she would find a tablespoon-
l fu! or more of them In the bed." I asked him
what ailed him, and he replied "that he did
not know." "Why don't you cure your Bell?"
"I would give a hundred dollars to be cured.
I have paid out a lot of money, but don't get
cured," he said. Well,' I told him "I would
cure him for less than that," and told him
to get the CUTICURA remedies and he would
be cured. As he was living in Bristol, Vt.,
I did not see him for some time after, and
then he fairly shouted to me: "I am cured.
CUTICURA has done It. The Lord bless you
and CUTICURA iiRs g £££*
MRS. SARAH E. MIXER.
' Feb. 27, 1S&8. Lincoln, Addlson Co., Vt.
TETTER CURED BY CUTICURA
►I had Tetter on my hands for two years. My
hands were all cracked to pieces, and bled so
that I could not decently dress myself, and
they itched terribly. I tried everything, but
nothing seemed to do me any good. I tried
the CUTICURA remedies and they no longer
bother me at al.^^ « COPELAND ,
SALLIE E. COPELAND.
Sent. 17, IS9B. Woodland, K. C.
'-." * CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with the
Skin and Scalp.
That Is to say, CUTICURA RESOLVENT.
greatest of blood purifiers and humor expellers,
purifies the blood and circulating fluids of
•HUMOR GERMS, and thus removes the cause,
while warm baths with CUTICUKA SOAP.
and. gentle anointings with CUTICUKA (oint-
ment) greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse
-the ■Ids and scalp of crusts and scales, allay
Itching, burning and inflammation, soothe and
heal. Thus are speedily, permanently and I
- economically cured the most torturing, disfig-
uring humors of the akin, scalp and blood, with
loss of hair, when all other remedies fail.
Pold throughout the world. POTTER D.
ANT' C. CORP., Bole Props., Boston. "How
£}' .■) -Cure All Humors," free.
FACE HITMADC Falling Hair and Baby
TALC ni"UMj Blemiehea Cured by CUTI-
CUHA SOAP. _ J
By ASHTON STEVENS.
and the police, but it did not work. The
first kick came from the United Carriage
Company and it was followed by an ob
jection from one of the large stablemen.
The citizens, the stablemen generally and
the police were well satisfied with the
plan, but kickers are to be found every
where, and a few kickers spoiled this
scheme. The result naturally was the
usual confusion as soon as the play was
over.
In order to facilitate the working of his
plan Sergeant Gorman presented the fol
lowing circular to Mr. Morosco with tho
request that it be read out between the
acts:
"Owing to the confusion caused by par- j
ties looking for the same carriage that i
brought them to the opera the hack in
spectors have made arrangements with |
the different carriage companies or Pta- '■
bles to place their carriages in one con
tinuous line.
"Tickets have been issued to all per- I
sons that will entitle the first to leave I
the theater to take the first carriage or
coupe in line., and would request that the
party taking the carriage leaving the the
ater give his name and the name of the
stable or company that brought him to
the theater to the driver. ■
"Collections will be made by the com
panies or stables bringing the parties to
the theater for the round trip.
"These arrangements are to continue i
during the opera season."
Owing to the objections as before stated j
the order was not put in force, but Ser
geant Gorman hopes to be able to enforce I
it next week.
Special arrangements will be made for
parties having private carriages.
When the order is put in force in this |
city all parties will be expected to drive i
in from Fourth street. The carriages will j
deliver their loads In front of the thea- j
ter. Private carriages will take their i
stand along Third street and hacks will
form in line between Fourth and Fifth
and gradually work their way down. The
first man out having a card will get the
first hack.
TRADE TURNED WESTWARD.
Manager Goodwin's Mission to Wash
ington Beginning to Bear
Fruit.
At a meeting of local merchants held
in the rooms of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association yesterday the re
port of Manager Goodwin of that asso
ciation, who was recently sent to Wash
ington to press the claims of San Fran
cisco as a purchasing and distributing
point for Government supplies, was read
and approved. The results that have
been obtained in this instance and hereto
fore by concerted action of the merchants
in using all legitimate efforts to increase
this class of business in this city prove
conclusively the assertion often made
that when they all pull together for the
common good of San Francisco the re
sult is a substantial benefit.
The report shows that new business was
secured from the. lnterior Department by
an enlargement of the purchases for In
dian agencies and schools on this coast
worth about $50,000 per annum and oppor
tunity secured for local merchants to bid
on classes of supplies for that department
hitherto purchased In the East.
In view of the large Increase in the
naval establishment on the Pacific, argu
m'-nt was made by Mr. Goodwin before
the Navy Department officials that the
Mare Island Navy-yard should be placed
on the same plane as the New York yard
as a purchasing and distributing point
for naval supplies, and while no decision
was obtained on this point the way has
been paved for favorable action in the
near future. Due credit is given in the
report to Senator Perkins and Represen
tatives Loud and Hilborn for their effort*
In behalf of San Francisco.
Jacob Dusenbery's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Jacob Dusenbery was
filed yesterday. The appraisers, Jacob
Stencel, J. M. Ellis and G. H. Umbsen,
find the property valued as follows: Cash
and money in bank. $234,120 39; United
States bonds, $175,408 28; local securities,
$140,968 15; mortgages on real property,
$282 600; promissory notes, unsecured, $79,
--351 26; real estate, $95,000; total value of
the estate, $1,007,448 OS.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larlcin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub batlw. Salt water direct from ocean.
THE SAIS FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAHCH 15, 1899.
YOUNG COWBOY IN
THE CITY PRISON
John Dudley, a Precocious Plainsman of 14
Years, Wants to Join AcLmiral Dewey's
Fleet in Order to Win Fame.
JOHN DUDLEY is only 14 years of age,
but since his ninth year he has car
ried a big revolver and led the life of
a free and independent cowboy. He
claims he can ride a broncho with the
best of them and can shoot with the ac
curacy and steadiness of a veteran fron
tiersman. He arrived here about a week
ago on the steamer Santa Rosa from San
Diego and got a free passage by giving
exhibitions of his skill with the revolver
j to Captain Alexander and passengers.
After arriving here he thought he
i would like to join the navy and roamed
around the water front until he could get
; a chance to reach Mare Island. The
i chance did not come and Policemen Boyd
I and Ellis arrested him and sent him to
■ the City Prison yesterday, where he was
1 booked for a public- institution. He takes
i his incarceration with the nonchalance of
BABY GRAY
A VICTIM OF
FOUL PLAY
Autopsy Bears Out
Murder Theory.
STOMACH BURNED BY ACID
CHILD COULD NOT HAVE SWAL-
LOWED THE POISON.
Dr. Zabala Believes the Corrosive
Fluid Was Forced Down the
Child's Throat — Mother
Pleads Innocence.
Two-year-old John Richard Gray did not
; swallow the acid which caused him to die
: in frightful agony Monday morning vol
-1 untarily. At least such is the opin
; ion of Autopsy Physician Zabala,
', who made a post-mortem exam
; ination of the frail little body for the
) purpose of determining the cause of
| death, at the Morgue yesterday afternoon.
Dr. Zabala says he found the child's
! mouth and throat badly burned by the
! fiery fluid and his stomach literally caked
iby the action of the deadly poison. Jn
! view of these facts, the physician de
' clares that in his opinion the acid was
• forced aown the baby's throat.
"If the child had found the bottle con
taining the acid in the yard, as stated by
] his mother," said the doctor, "he could
j hardly have drank a sufficient quantity
j of the stuff to cause death in such a short
time. A taste of the acid would have
! caused him to immediately spit it out
; and very little could have gone down his
throat, certainly not enough to cause nis
death so soon, or to leave such terrible
evidence of its work."
Another point made by Sergeant Duke
and Detective George Graham, who have
been detailed on the case, in support of
their contention that murder ha.s been
committed, is that while there are broad
scars made by the acid on the face of
the dead child, there are no marks on the
chin. This, they claim, proves that the
child's head was forced back and the acid
poured into its mouth, while if he had
drank the poison from the bottle some of
the riuid would naturally have trickled
down on its chin and left its mark plainly
visible.
Owing to the absence from the city of
Coroner Hill the inquest will not be held
until to-morrow morning. In the mean
time Mrs. Minnie Adams is confined be
hind the bars of the City Prison, accused
of murdering her offspring by Wilson
Gray, who admits its paternity and his
former love for the woman. Her 10-year
old brother, HaTrison Tyrrell, whose evi
dence may convict or clear her, occupies
an adjoining cell, and the officers of the
law are scouring the city for additional
| evidence against her.
Mr*. Adams has not yet been formally
i charged with the crime and will not be
until the Coroner's jury has rendered its
verdict. She setms hardly to realize the
enormity of the offense charged against
her. She is not a good woman morally,
but she does not look like a murderess,
I and while her accounts of the events of
j the fatal morning are conflicting it is but
I justice to her to say that the lnacoura
! cies in the statements made by ncr lo
I the police and others since the sad affair
are l->y no means fatal in themselves to
her cause. She talks freely of the case
anl without any appearance of a desire
to hide anything, but while she speaks
in loving terms of the little one, her
words lack tho tender feeling natural to
a mother. She uses the same intonation
when speaking of the man who accuses
her of the unnatural crime. She >ays it
is a piece of sj>ite work on his pa.-t, but
she says so without a trace of resentment
I in her manner and with little ait>.irciit
I concern. She tells the story of her pest
without hesitation or attempting to pal
liate her offenses against morality and
i decency. She is not pretty, yet she .s lar
from being a plain woman, and to an or
dinary observer there is no evidence of
"toughness" in her make-up.
Mrs. Adams says she was married to
John C. Adams, a soldier at the Presidio,
on March 10, IM)3, when she was a girl of
i 18. They kept a rooming-house on Ches
ley street for a while, and John W. Gray,
an ex-soldier, was one of her roomers.
"My husband did not provide for me or
I the children," she said yesterday, "and
when he deserted me and went to Oregon
in 1596 Gray offered to provide for me,
and I accepted his offer. We got along
very well for some time, although he of
ten came home drunk and abused me.
He gave me his wages to save every
week, and the first serious trouble we had
was last July. I then had $165 of his
money, and when he came home drunk
one night and demanded it I refused to
give it to him until he was sober, as I
knew he would spend it. He finally got a
revolver and threatened to kill me. He
got the money and drove me and the
children from the house and wrecked the
furniture. I had him arrested, but he
offered to pay for the things and behave
himself, and I withdrew the complaint.
Several weeks ago some one broke into
the house and stole $60 we had saved,
and Gray accused me of taking it. He
threatened to kill me and drove me away.
I then went to live with my father.
"I did not kill my baby, and I do not
see how they can accuse me of such a
thing. I sent for Mrs. Kenney as soon as
I discovered him in convulsions at the
foot of the back steps, and she said he
had spasms and for me to give him some
whisky, which I did, although I told her
he never had spasms. I found him at a
quarter past 11, and at 25 minutes to 12
Dr Niemeyer came and did everything
he could to save the little fellow, but he
died before noon. I did burn the boy's
waist as it was dirty and burned with
the acid. Perhaps 1 did wrong, but 1
did not know it at the time. I do not
have any fear for my safety, as I have
done nothing for which they can punish
Wilson Gray, the father of the child
and the woman's accuser, is a teamster
and resides at 1147 Harrison street. He
is a dull looking man of about 45 years of
age and according to some accounts is
possessed of a far from pleasant dispo
sition. He baa not. bo the Tyrrells say,
a typical cowboy, but wants the police to
give him a cha"nce to join the navy, as
he feels sure he would soon distinguish
! himself if he got an opportunity to be ;
sent to Manila.
Soon after he arrived here some one i
told him that if he carried his big revol
ver around with him he would be arrest
ed for carrytng a concealed weapon, so '
he gave it "to a sailor friend with the
promise that it would be returned as soon
as he joined the navy. He says he has
traveled all over the United States with- j
out paying any railroad fare and was
never thrown off a train, but always '
| treated kindly by the train hands.
i The boy says his father and mother died
I when he was young and he lived with
his grandmother in Pueblo. Colo., till he i
| was nine years of age, when he started I
out to make a name for himself as a cow-
I boy. He is a precocious youth and the
police are puzzled to know what to do
with him.
done anything for hia child since he part
ed with the mother, and when notified
of the little one's death did not go near
the house until he had fortified his cour
age -and secured a bodyguard of two
friends. The neighbors were notified of.
his arrival on the scene by the volume
of vile and abusive language that issued
from the Tyrrell house. They say Gray
was the author of the racket, and
add that his infrequent visits to the place
were always marked by Bimllar out
bursts.
In fact, the neighbors give the Tyrrells
a good name, and say Mrs. Adams seem
ed to be very fond of the dead child. The
Tyrrell family consists of the father.
John Tyrrell, who is employed at Laurel
Hill Cemetery: George, who is employed
by Camp & Crillon: John. Jr., Louis, Har
rison and Edward, in addition to Mrs.
Adams and her two remaining children.
Tyrrell's former wife is the wife of Cor
nelius Kelly, a contractor, and is at pres
ent residing with her daughter Sophie,
wife of Charles Trumpaur, 24 Chesley
strret.
The boy Harrison, who claims to have
found the bottle containing the acid and
placed in where it is alleged to have be.-n
found by the baby, still sticks to his
story, with variations, which confirm the
officers in their belief that he is not tell
ing the truth. Monday night he said that
when he threw the bottle behind the out
house the metal cover was in place. Yes
terday he said it was lying on the ground
some distance from the bottle. He ad
mits the discrepancy, but claims he was
alraid when he told the first story.
Gray will bury the body of his child as
soon as it is "delivered to him by the
Coroner. __^__________
RELATIVES DESIRE THE
FIRST CALIFORNIA HOME
JULIUS KAHN URGES NO SPEEDY
ACTION.
Meeting Last Evening Is Attended by
Four Hundred and Fifty
Parents and Friends.
The relatives and friends of the boys
composing the First California Regiment,
now at Manila, met last evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall for the purpose of dis
cussing plans which might result in the
speedy return of the soldiers from the
land of the Filipinos. C. W. Moore of the
Hancock School occupied the chair and
A. L. Badt acted as secretary. About 450
eager and anxious relatives were pres
ent.
Two telegrams, dated Washington and
signed by Adjutant General Corbin, stat
ing that the men would be returned as
soon as expedient, and that according to
advices from General Otis they did not
wish to turn homeward until hostilities
ceased, were read by the secretary. Ex
ception was immediately taken to the lat
ter statement and the sentiment of the
meeting was expressed in the following
resolution, which was adopted without a
dissenting voice:
Whereas, telegrams lately published, evi
dently f-manatlDK from the War P- iartment at
Washington. Indicate that a demand for re
enlistment will be made on volunteer regiment 3
now serving !n the Philippines when the time
arrives for their being mustered out; and
Whereas, the War Department claims to have
received authentic information thai the volun
teers themselves request s-uch re-enlistment;
and
Whereas, we, the parents of the volunteer sol
diers composing the Firs=t California Regiment,
know fully the sentiments of every private sol
dior in said regiment to be not only positively
and decidedly against voluntary re-enlistment,
but. on the contrary, eagerly expectant of Im
mediate release from service; therefore be it
Resolved, That the information forwarded
to the War Department of a <lesir« of volun
teers to re-enlist is misleading and incorrect,
as far ac the First California is concerned.
Resolved, That the First California Regiment,
having been exposed from the I'.'ith day of May.
i the present date to continuous and un
remittlnc hardship*, is eminently entttifd, if
not to immediate discharge, at least to an
Immediate return to this country for recupera-
Resolvpd. That a copy of thepe resolutions,
embodying the true sentiment of the parents in
mass meeting assembled and of their sons now
."orving in the First California Regiment, be
trariKmlttpM to the Secretary ot War, R. A.
Alger. and to Adjutant General H. C. Corbin,
wi'h ;t view of enlisting their official action for
the immediate return of the First Regiment,
California United States Volunteer Infantry,
for final discharge.
Congressman Julius Kahn was present
by invitation and addressed the meeting.
He explained that the troops had enlisted
fi>r a period to extend to the end of the
war. and that according to the law of
nations the war had not yet ceased and
would not until the President shall have
signed the peace proclamation. He said
that while he was in Washington he had
interested himsolf in behalf of the boys
with Senator Perkins and had received
assurances that the First California
would be returned as soon as it was pos
sible to withdraw it. He urged that no
action be taken, as the War Department
was exerting itself to accomplish what
was sought.
Captain E. C- Sutliffe, recently dis
charged from Company G, said that he
believed the reports of untold suffering
among the troops to be exaggerated, but
he further took occasion to remark that
when he departed in January the mem
bers of the regiment were anxious to get
home.
DIED OF HIS INJURIES.
Hans Siem, Grocer, Thrown Out of
Hia Buggy in Golden Gate
Park.
Hans Slem.a grocer whose place of busi
ness Is at the corner of Eighteenth and
Valencia streets, died yesterday morning
from Injuries received last Sunday when
he was thrown out of his buggy in Gold
en Gate Park.
A young lady who was his companion
at the time of the runaway was also
thrown out, but was not seriously In
jured.
Siem was removed to the Waldeck San
itarium, where he died of laceration of
the liver. He was a single man 30 years
old.
H. W. Cramp Is Here.
H. W. Cramp, treasurer of the Cramp
shipbuilding firm In Philadelphia, ar
rived In this city last night in company
with Mrs. E. S. Cramp. Miss Florence
Cramp and Mrs. G. H. Norris. They are
here on a pleasure trip, and have engaged
apartments at the Palace.
Notice of Removal.
Charles Lyons, the London Tailor of
Kearny street, has removed to his ele
gant new store at 122 Kearny street, in
the Thurlow block, between Sutter and
Post. M. J. Hart is the manager at the
new store. •
In Germany It is considered necessary !
that a child should "go up" before it goes j
down in the world, so it is carried up- '
stairs as soon as born. In case there is j
no upstairs, the nurse mounts a table or
chair with the Infant [
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{ Maternity |
W If every expectant mother would put herself
'^ under Mrs. Pinkham's care and follow her #
& advice, which costs nothing, the experience ffl?
m of maternity would be approached without (p
peril and passed with the least possible pain. j$
W Mrs. Perley Moulton, Thetford, Vt., writes: W
0 (' "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: I think Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound is an excellent medicine. I took several bottles
tT of it before the birth of ' ,
nothing; I was lifeless and listless, cared for nothing. I thought
xT I would ask your advice and try your medicine, and lam so glad XT
I did, for it made such a change in me. ; I gained strength, slept &
£& ', well and gave birth to a nice boy with comparatively little £
••' suffering. Since then have had two children, which through . jL
XT • the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I was ▼
| able to bring to maturity. I feel that I could not do without v
ig) your medicine at such a time. lam now well, and do all my £
Jv own work. I thank ybu for your kind advice and shall not be W
W* without your medicine. I recommend it to all who suffer." tr
Mrs* EhSinger Thanks Mrs* Pinkham* %
"Dear. Mrs. Pinicham: I have many, many thanks to give
i you for what your Vegetable Compound has done for me.
0 After first confinement L was sick for nine years with prolapsus f
jv of the womb, had pain in left side, in small of back, a great deal %^
iXT of headache, palpitation of heart and leucorrhcea. I felt so ST
i v weak and tired that I could not do my work. I became preg- ©?
I £ nant again and took your Compound all through, and now
jv - have a sweet baby girl. I never before had such an easy time jv
X^ during labor, and feel it was due to Lydia E. -Pinkham's xr
& Vegetable Compound. lam now able to do my work and feel &
£ better than I have for years. . I cannot thank you enough." — jfe
I Mrs. Edward Ehlinger, Devine, Texas. *v
4 More Than a Million Women Have Been #
# Helped by Mrs. Prnkham's Advice r
£ and Medicine. J
\^ ullU I'lCUiVii iv/« jx
RUPTURE.
BbTV] !v!/^^s» L t 6E NO MORI IRON
gtSJMb&i&KSr Hoops or Steel Spring*.
EpQj^nm7 Rupture retained with eaaa
B^SiKI^Z and comfort, ahd thousands r«4i-
■ /M* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE'B
% /Sr- Magnetic Elastic Truss. IDT Call at
T^^/F office or writ* for New Pamphlet Na.l.
HAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market it.opp. Palac« Hotel, SaaFranclso*.
r-M«l.'.KW— I
Oppression, buirocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Ptrii, i. ESFIO ; New York, S. FOGGERA & CO.
BOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS.
V-V" AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosoo Amusement Co.. Inc., Lessee.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Evening performances at 8 sharp. Mati-
; nees at 2.
TO-NIGHT— First performance of Puccini's
'•LA BOHEME" in Italian. Melba. De Lussan.
Pandolfini, Bensaude. De Vrie3, Boudouresque,
Rosa, Viviani, Del Sol. Conductor, Seppilli.
Thursday evening "AIDA" (debut of Gadski)
and Ceppi. Friday evening "CARMEN." with
De Lussan and Gadski and debut of Bonnard.
Saturday matinee, "BARBER OF SEVILLE."
Melba as Rosina.
PRICES |5. $4, $3. $2. according to location.
Box seats $10. A limited number of general
admission tickets $2. General admission to
gallery $1.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE SECOND AND
LAST WEEK— Monday, March 20. "LES
HUGUENOTS" in French. Joint appearance
of Melba, De Lussan and Gn.l-.ki. NO AD-
VANCE IX PRICES FOR THIS PERFORM-
ANCE. Tuesday. March 21, last performance
of "LA BOHEME" in Italian with Melba and
De Lilian. Wednesday, March 22, opera to
be announced. Thursday, March 23, "ROMEO
ET JULIETTE" in French. First appearance
here of Mme. Melba as Juliette. Friday,
March 24, last evening performance, "CAR-
MEN" In French, with De Lussan and Gadski.
Saturday afternoon, last matinee, DOUBLE
BILL "LUCIA" in Italian, with Melba as
Lucia" and "PAGLIACCI" In Italian, with
Thalia THE BAIiE OF SEATS OPENS AT
THE BOX OFFICE TO-MORROW (THURS-
DAY) MORNING AT 9 O'CLOCK.
"COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
And the Melbourne MacDowell Company.
Sardou's Great Drama,
FEDORA,
EXTRA ! — Seats Ready TO-MORROW
BOSTONIANS
First Time Here of the Romantic Opera,
"ROB ROW
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.). MARCH 15.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part.
7— New Strong Cards— 7
J. \A/. ia/inton,
PREMIERE VENTRILOQUIST, introducing his
Walking, Talking, Smoking Figures.
THE PANTZER TRIO, Contortion Dancers.
TROUBADOUR TRIO,
Parisian Character Singers.
THE TWINS MARCO, OLA HAYDEN, THE
S FORTUNIS BROS., HAYDEN AND HATH-
ERTON AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A GENUINE HIT.
rrrf\ T\TI/ > 1-| T T T AND DURING
1 U' ill VI II 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
First Time at Alcazar
PRICES ------ 15c, 25c, 55c, 50c
A SOCIAL
HIGHWAYMAN!
ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next Week— New York Lyceum Theater
Hit, "NERVES."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
The Comedy Opera,
ThePRETTY POACHER
Brimful of Mirth and Melody.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 2.
. —(ST. PATRICK'S DAY) ■
Special Performance
"LILY OF KILLARNEY."
Benefit of "Youths' Directory."
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
"THE PxvETTY POACHER."
NEXT WEEK— The Ever-Popular Opera,
"THE MIKADO."
Popular Prices 25c and 80c
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
•Our Telephone, Bush 9. .;■•■'
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management- of Holden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
Last Week of the Successful Patriotic Drama,
...DEWEY...
THE HERO OF MANILA.
Received Nightly With Enthusiasm by
Crowded Houses.
FRIDAY— ST. PATRICK'S DAT
MATINEE.
MONDAY NEXT,
The Great Emotional Actress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by ALBERT A. ANDRUSS.
In a Superb Production of Her Great Play,
**L/\ BELLE MfIRIE."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES 10c, 15c. 25c and 350
...OLYMPIAN
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
MORE NEW EASTERN ARTISTS.
DU SELL, THE GREAT,
Famous Aerial Artist.
Direct From Their Eastern Triumphs.
CARLTON AND ROYCE,
Character Dance Artists.
The Reigning Queen of Song.
QIJERITA VINCENT,
The Great New York Sensation.
New Repertoire of Coon Songs and Dances.
TEN ALL-STAR SPECIALTIES.
i MATINEE SUNDAY.- ADMISSION FREE.
CONCEP-TS AND iIESORTS.
CWIIS AM ZWI "ESSSF
TO-MORROW (Thursday)— AMATEUR NIGHT.
AMATEUR CAKE WALK!
RESERVED SEATS ON ALE AT THE EM-
PORIUM.
See the LIVING OSSIFIED MAN!
AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS In the ZOO!
10c, Including Zoo and Theater: Children, sc.
nt Day. &aJ2ps± '*& /OQk THE NEW II
i«D.y. T aJau'J|k'\rn| CDC II Pli
tsrrtr icth D*y. -.>*• •s&tj, #. sSiCHunss
V ITAL!S '-■° ihßay -'Si m Dcycnv
ftIODIIKSTHKABOTIS 30th Day. IICMCVIII
BESIXT9. ]!qr.i-v.ly 4 surely removes Nervousness, ImpoUney,
: Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wutiss Disease* and all effecti
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity »nd Consnrap-
tion. lares when all others fail. Insist in hiring VITA 1.1
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail ♦1.00
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Care or
Kefnn<] the Money. Circular PrM. Adrfrws
1 CALUMET CURB CO., 884 Dearborn >t.. CUctf*
| Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures declined.
Wheat freights dull.
Oats advanced.
Corn and Rye still dull.
Hay firm, in spite of the rain.
No change in Feedstuff*.
Beans continue firm.
Potatoes firm and Onions weak.
Butter weak. Eggs steady.
Poultry in moderate supply.
Game weak and dull.
Choice Apples and Orange* firm.
Limes scarce and weak. Lemons weak.
Provisions unchanged.
Dried Fruits stiff and cleaning up.
Honey in poor prospect.
Hides quoted weaker.
Wool and Hops dull.
Meat market unchanged.
Some revision in Oils.
WHEAT AND FLOUR EXPORTS.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
first eight months of the crop year were 563,932
barrels, against 547.112 during the same' period
last year. Reducing this Flour to a Wheat
ba.fis and adding it to the exported Wheat
gives total Wheat exports for the eight months
of 3,192.000 centals, valued at $4.007.4(«3, against
J0.250,8 centals, valued at $16,332,500, for the
same period in 1897-98. These figures tell the
story of the dry year of 1898.
THE ALASKA PACKERS FLEET.
This year's fleet of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation will consist of the following ves
sels: „.
Tons. I Tons.
Ships— i Steamers—
W H. Mary 2292 President 377
St. Nicholas 1790 S. B. Matthews ... 200
Oriental 16SS Susannah 138
Plntram 1673 Jennie 128
Bohemia 1633 Kadiak 114
Indiana 1488 Thistle 102
Santa Clara 1474 Hattie Gage 80 ■
L J Morse 1460 Gertie Storey t% .
Invincible 1460 Afognak 66
Two Brothers 1382 Elsie 66
Geo. Skolfleld 1314 Ella Rohlffs 65
Centennial 12S7' Pacific 64
Harks— ; Royal f>9
Merom 1204. P01ar Bear 58-
Charles B. Kenney.lllS Novelty 57 |
Electra 985 Arctic 42 ;
Cor>rher.e 812 Wigwam 40
Nicolas Thayer .... 685 Aleut 3S
W. W. Case 553 Lillian 34
Barfcentine— ; Puritan 26
Willie R. Hume.... 666. Chinook 22
Schooners- i Olga 16
Premier SOS i S^-keye •••'••••••••• lo
er 241 ;
PRIED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says:
"There Is an active demand for all varieties
of California dried fruits, with the exception
of raisins, and they are doing better. The
consuming trade has picked up in the past
few days, and. while orders are scarcely ever
for more than carlots, and even orders of
that size are not numerous, the aggregate of
such orders makes a generally good business.
Prices remain firm, with upward tendency, and
practically all dealers speak hopefully of the
prospects. .
'■California prunes are closely concentrated.
Demand appears to be increasing, but the
larger sizes receive the most attention. Some
buyers sufficiently realize the impossibility of
securing a sufficient supply of the larger sizes |
and are buying more freely of mediums. The j
result is a strengthening of the market in
all positions, with indications of advancing
prices on all sizes. On the coast it is re
ported that the spring demand is not being
felt yet. There Is a gradual reduction of
Furplies but, according to some mail advices,
the quantity still available is ample. A few ;
small holders are disposing of odd lots at 3c |
for Santa Claras and 2%c for outside. Large
holders of choice goods refuse to consider any- j
thin? less than 3«.;i3"3%c for Santa Claras and ;
2 *<g3c basis for outside. The general situation
is said to be one of waiting.
"Less activity In peaches is reported from j
the coast, but prices remain firm. The buying 1
of a few cars for actual • trade requirements i
was a feature, and even small orders are no- 1
ticeable. On the spot the market retains its
strength, but there are no large sales and
prices are steady at previous range.
"Apricots are steady at previous range of !
prices and reports Indicate that supplies are
very deficient, but just how many cars of '
desirable fruit are now available It is im- '
possible to say. There is a feeling, however, \
that supplies are low In all positions and that
increased demand will unquestionably send
prices up. At the moment domestic .demand is
about all there Is to trade. Exporters cannot ,
touch stocks at present prices.
•'The raisin situation shows little change.
There is a better feeling in the trade, caused
by reports from the coast which indicate the |
probable successful combination of growers
and packers. On the spot there is no change.
The outlook Is rather better than It was a.
week ago. but trade is still quiet and on a
rather narrow basis."
WEATHER REPORT.
r : 2f-th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 14, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
Beason, and raimall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.60 26.88 27.53
Re,l Bluff 0.34 13.66 12 "7
Sacramento 0.46 8.41 5.55
Pan Francisco 0.21 8.24 7.45
Fresno Trace 3.78 3.63
San Luis Obispo O.W 7.20 6.27
Vngeles 0.00 2.92 4.82
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3.65
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
C 2; minimum, 45: mean. 4V
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The Ftorm noted off the Oregon coast this j
rivming has muved very little during the day.
The pressure has fallen along the entire coast
slightly.
Rain has extended south to Fresno. It is
cloudy and threateninj; along the coast to
Point Conception. Rain will extend throughout
the San Joaquin Valley and Into Southern Cali
fornia Wednesday. Snow has fallen throughout
Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen throughout the
central portion of California.
High south winds are reported in the Sacra
mento Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight March 14. 1599:
Northern California— Rain Wednesday; fresh
southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy, with rain
Wednesday: cooler in north portion; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada — Snow Wednesday.
Utah— Snow Wednesday; cooler.
Arizona — Partly cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco urn! vicinity— Rain Wednesday;
fresh southerly wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 14.— The net changes in
Btock prices to-day were irregular, with mostly
losses prevailing. London quotations Induced
a lower range of prices here at the start. Firm
ne?s In the call money market, which ranged
from 3<a4 per cent, was a depressing influence
much of the day, but with its easing off to
3"53% per cent before the close a rally set in
which wiped out earlier losses in some stocks.
Union Pacific, Northern Pacific, Atchison pre-
ferred and Manhattan were under pressure
most of the day and disturbed confidence
among the other railways, which were, weak
on moderate offerings. The weakness In Man
hattan was perhaps attributable to anticipation
of the new Issue of stock. Fear of the pos-
sible failure of desired legislator affected
Third Avenue and Consolidated Gas, while in
connection with the latter there was also talk
of Increased competition. The pronounced
strength of Tobacco, which at one time touched
214 V*. was unaccompanied by any explanatory
news. Sugar tlisplayed considerable firmness
when other points of weakness were appearing
and ended with a small net advance. Chicago
Termlnul, Hocking Coal and Iron, Union Pa
cific and Denver and Gulf were features of
strength. In the afternoon rally the grangers
and standard shares generally were lifted about
a point from their low figures and retained most
of their recovering, leaving them Irregularly
changed for the day. The calling of some loans
liy the- banks for syndicate account prepara
tory to the payment of three-fifths of the Chi
cago and Alton money due to-morrow In con
nection with the recent "deal" was In a large
measure responsible for the strength in <-;tll
money. There was a reflex easing in sterling
exchange, due to the strength of money here,
The sales for London account for" the day
were estimated at 25,000 shares. The market
closed firm. There was an absence of decided
tone in to-day's bond market for the active
Issues within narrow limits. Total sales,
J3, 210, 000.
United States new 4's advanced % In the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 474.800
shares, including; At--h!f>on. 7140: do preferred
44, £70: Burlington, 15,130; Great Northern pre
ferred. 3260; Manhattan. 8455; Metropolitan
4650; Missouri Pacific, 10,590; Northern Pacific'
22 464; Reading first preferred. 10,930; St. Louis
and San Francisco, MOO; St. Paul, 15.350; Texas
and Pacific. 3175; Union Pacific. 9670; do pre
fr-rred 10.785; U. P. D. and G., 4225; American
Steel and Wire. 12.491; do preferred, 5600; Fed
eral Ptr-01. 83*1; do prefprred, 5633; American
Fplrits, 3225; Tobacco. 28,730; People's Gas. 7226-
Consolidated Gas. 6620; Brooklyn Transit, 14.
---!jga>-, 34.715; Tennessee Coal and Iron,
~<-iy); Leatl.er preferred. 3433.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% St Louis & 8 W... 8%
Do prefd 60% Do prefd 27%
Baltimore & Ohio. 69 St Paul 127%
Canada Pacific... Htf Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 66% St P & 0ra.. ...... 91%
Cent Pac 49)4' Co preXd 170
Ches & Ohio 26% So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 170 So Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 139% Do prefd «*)£
Chi & E 111 66% Texas & Pacific... 23ft
Do prefd 122 Union Pacific 44',
Chi G W 15% Do prefd 77Jj
Chi Ind & L 8% U P I) & 0 13"%
Do prefd 42 Wabash 8
Chi & N W 146% Do prefd 21%
Do prefd 192% Wheel & L E. 11%
iCCC &St L 67% Do prefd 32
i Do prefd 5»6% Express Companies
i Del & Hudson 114% Adams Ex 113
j Del L & W 164 American Ex 140
Den & Rio 0 21% United States 54
Do prefd 72% Weils Fargo 125 '
Erie (new). 14% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd 38% A Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 17S Do prefd 92%
Gt Nor prefd 193 Am Spirits 14%
Hocking VaJ 6% Do prefd 40%
Illinois Cent 114% Am Tobacco 211
Lake Erie & W.... 18 Do prefd 148
Do prefd 66 Cons Gas 215%
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co 17.)
Louis & Nash 63SilCol F & Iron.. 35%
Manhattan L 107% Do prefd 9G
• Met St Ry 150% Gen Electric US
! Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 78%
I Minn & St L 63% Brooklyn R T 96
I Do Ist prefd 99 Intl Paper 55%
Mo Pacific 46 I Do prefd 86%
: Mobile & Ohio 41%Laclede C.as 51
Mo X & T ...13 i Lead 33»i
' Do prefd 3»>V Do prefd 112»3
! N J Central 11l jFederal Steel 52% I
N V Central 132% Do prefd i>7% !
N V Chi & St L... 13% Nat Lin Oil 4% i
Do Ist prefd 65 (Pacific Mall 48 "
Do 2d prefd 35% People's Ga5.......11'»»i
Nor West IS 'Pullman Pal 168
No Amer Co 9 Silver Certificates. 59%
No Pacific 50* Standard R & T... 10%
Do prefd 78% Sugar 14i>
Ontario & W 27% Do prefd lit
Or R & Nay 45 T C & Iron 47%
Of Short Line 42% ! U S Leather 6%
Pac C Ist prefd S8 Do prefd 71%
Do 2d prefd 63 U S Rubber 49%
Pittsburg ISO Do prefd 113%
Reading 24% Western Union.... 04
Do Ist prefd 65% Am S & W 64%
R O W 36 : Do prefd 104%
Do prefd 75 Or Nay prefd 70
Rock Island 116%'Pac Coast 45
St Louis & S F.... ll%:colo Southern 7%
Do prefd 70 I Do Ist prefd 65%
Do 2d prefd 39 I .Do 2d prefd 22
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107% N V Central lsts..Us
U 8 new 4s reg....12i NJC 6s 118%
Do coup 129 IN Carolina 6s 130
U S4s 111% Do 4s 104
Do coup 113V4 No Pac lsta 116%
Do 2ds S»9%i Do 3s 65%
U Sss reg 11::'. Do 4s 103%
Do 5s coup 111'% IN V C & St L 45. .107% I
District 3.655. 117% i Nor &W 6* 130 :
Ala class A 1C« (Northwestern c0n. 143% .
Do B lu'J Do deb 5s 122 I
Do C 100 O Nay lota 111%
Do Currency 10j jo Nay 4s 101
Atchlson 4s 102% O S Line 6s tr 128%
Do adj 4s ;... 82 OH Line 5s tr 11l
Can So 2ds Ill) Reading 4s 59%
I C & O 4%s IC> R G W lsts 96
\ Chi Term 4s '.'S^i St L & I M con 55. 111%
C & Ohio 5s 118% St L & B F gen 65. 123%
C H & D 4%s 104% St P Con 164%
D & R G lsts 108% St P C it P 15t5.. .122
:D&R G4s 100% Do 5s 120%
1 East Term 15t5. ...10b 80 Ry 5s 105?;
1 Erie Gen 4s 72% Stand R & T 65... 86
F W & D lsts tr.. S4Vi,Tenn new set 35... 97
Gen Elec 5a Vi Tex Pac L G 15t5. .112%
G H & S A 6s 11" Do Re Ida 52% !
Do 2ds 111% Union Pac 4s 104%
H&T Css 110 UPD & G lsts.... 92 |
Do con 6s 11) Wat-ash Ist 5s 114% ;
lowa C lsts 109 Do Ids »4%
La new con 4s lOa%|"W Shore 4s 113
L & N Uni 4s &6% Va Centuries S4
Mo Pac con 6s....li'Aii Do deferred 9
M X & T 2ds 67%iWls Cent lsts 68
Do 45... '.UVilColo Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 15 Ophir 100
Con Cai & V 1 65 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 175
Gould & Curry 3.V Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross.. 28 Sierra Nevada 115
Homestake 50 00 i Standard 2 30
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 55
Mexican ' 65 i Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . .iWestirfgh E1ec...., 45%
Call loans 3 @3% ! Do prefd 62%
Time loans 3%@4 Gen Elec prefd — 13>%
Stocks— Atch prefd 60% ■
Atch Top &St Fe. 21% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 140 Atchison 4s 100
Bell Tel 344 ,Wls Cent Is &N%
Boston & Albany.. 24s Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine. ..l7l Ailouez Mln C 0.... 10% j
Boston L 86 Atlantic 31%'
Chi Bur & Q 139% Boston & M0nt.... 150
Fltchburg 114% Butte & 805t0n.... -SI
Gen Electric 117% Calumet & Hec1a,.740
Federal Steel 52% .Centennial 44
Do prefd 87% Franklin 23%
Mexican Central... 6 Old Dominion 38%
Old Colony 201 Osceola S3
Rubber 45% Qulncy ICO
Union Pas Tamarack --''
West End 93%, Wolverine 46
Do prefd 112 IParrott 45%
Wis Cent 1%!
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— To-day's ptat«
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available bash balance, $277,851,572; gold re
serve, $240,913,965.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, March 14— The Cornm<rc ial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Fog checked business in the markets here to
day, and dullness was general. Americans
were stagnant and heavy throughout. They j
were weakest In the afternoon on few New
Tork Bales. The close was a shade above the !
worst. Brokers are consistently advising their j
clients to hold off. anticipating an uncertain
and Idle period before the rise Is resumed,
and fearing a bear raid. There were heavy
sales of Canadian Pacific from New York,
Montreal and the Continent on the expectation
of an issue of new stork. Coppers were weak, j
Tintoa were 38%; Anacondas, it; Utahs, %hk.
and himost unsalable; Bostons, .'
was hard. Bank loans were repaid early but
wed later.
PARIS, March 14.— Spanish 4s closed at
68.65.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. Bs^; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 80%; Union Pacific preferred. SOH;
Grand Trunk. 8%; money. 2hi per cent; bar
sliver inactive, 27^d per ounce.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND MERCHANDISE:
NEW YORK, March 14— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,627 barrels; exports, 15,520 barrels. Dull but
a shade steadier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 144.800 bushels: exports,
127,791 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 82 Vic f. o.
b. afloat to arrive. Options opened weak on
disappointing cable news, but experienced a
sharp rally later In the day on bad crop re
ports. Kansas, Nebraska and Illinois sent out
numerous complaints, shorts covered freely and
there was a little outside buying of July. The
Email Increase In world's stock also had :i
bullish effect. The close was strong at
I net advance. March, SOVi!§&l%e, closed MS, ■■;
! May, 74VfcS7514c closed 75'^c; July,
74 l-16c, closed 74c; September, 7iVs'&7-'-, closed
at 72c.
H< >PS— Dull.
METALS— With the exception of Copper the
various departments of the metal mark"t
nhow a disposition to do better on an Increased
demand and more arbitrary views of sellers.
The changes scored to-day wen? devoid of
special significance, being slight. Advices from
the English market averaged up In favor of
the sellers and did much to Invigorate con
sumers. At the close the M"tal Exchange
called:
PIG IRON— Warrants quiot at $10 25.
COPPER— Lake easy, at $17 75 for spot, and
$17 62^ for sellers for March delivery.
TlN— Firm, with f2B 75 bid and $23 85 ankoil.
LEAD— quiet and firm, with $4 22V4 bid and
$4 25 asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $6 35 bid and $6 40
asked. The brokers' prioe for Lead Is $4 30
and for Copper $!7 62V4-
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 10 points
net higher. Kales, 15,000 bags, including May,
8.20 c; July. 5.3?>c; Ausust, 5.46 c; September,
6.55 c; October. 5.66 c; December, 5.85@5.80c; Feb
ruary, 5.95 c; March, 6.00 c. Spot Coffee— Rio
steady; No. 7 Invoice, 6 3-16 c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6%c. Mild— Steady; Cordova. Rtj>l4<\
ST'i"JAR— Raw firm, held higher; fair refining,
4fte bid; centrifugal, % tost. 3%c bid; molasses
sugar, 3%c bid. Refined, firm and tending
upward.
BUTTER— Receipts, 768S packages. Steady.
j Western creamery, 15^20:; Elgins, 20c; factory,
I 12®14V4c.
EGGS — Receipts, 17,614 packages. Steady.
Western, WAQUc.
DRIED FRUITB.
NEW YORK. March 14.-Callfornla dried
fruits:
APPLES— Steady.
Other fruits generally firm.
EVAPORATED a PPLES— Common, 7WSi>4c:
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9%@9V6c;
fancy. »%i@loc.
PRUNES— 4OI6c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12®14c; Moorpark. 14©17 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 14.— Complete indifference
at Liverpool to the rise here yesterday and
large receipts In the Northwest were the
Items of information under the Influence of
which wheat opened %c lower at 69*4@69%e.
Half an Inch of rain was shown to have fallen
in Northern California during the last twenty
four hours and telegrams from California In
dicated a general rain over the State. This
started selling by commission houses, and the
price got down to 69Hc before It gave any in
dication of Improvement. Crop damage soon
became the burden of the news that came to
hand, and the price began gradually to recover
the loss it started with. The damage reports
came from a wide area, and to almost every
commission house In the trade, and In several
instances supported by people on the floor
who had come from a personal Inspection of
the wheat fields. Reports were current that
freight room had been engaged at Boston for
6hlpment of 1.500.000 bushels wheat, and while
that was Bald to have a weakening effect on
Liverpool, It helped to strengthen the market
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
here. It had been expected that Bradstreets
would make an increase of world's stook for
the week of about 2,000,000 bushels, and conse
quently when the report was issued showing:
a total increase of but 317,000 bushels the dls
apolntment of the bears was shown in in
creased buying of shorts. The market became
quite strong, more especially for July wheat,
the superior demand for which narrowed Us
discount under May and reflected an increasing
belief in crop damage. Under this buying
May advanced to 70%@70%c, July to 63%@69%c
and closed respectively at 70% c and 69%©69% c.
Corn met with general selling by commis
sion houses at the opening and Initial trans
actions showed a sharp loss. The crowd, how
ever, was short on the decline and a good deal
of covering took place, while there was in
fluential buying in July. As the session ad
vanced the market became strong and the
early loss was more than recovered. May
closed %c higher.
There was quite a good deal of short selling
in the oats market and this kept the price
lrom advancing to. any extent. The buying
, was scattered with the taking oft of hedges
by parties who have sold cash, an important
factor. May closed unchanged.
There was some selling out of long pork
early in the. session, but that appeared to
have drained ail there was likely to come and
provisions ruled steady thereafter. Pork and
ribs closed 2%@5c higher and lard unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 69% 70% 69% 70%
July 68% 69%, 68% 69%
Corn No. 2—
May 34% 85% 34% 35%
July : 35% Bf-7fc 35% 35%
I September 36% 36% 36 36%
! Oats No. —
! May 26% 26% 26% 26%
i July 24% 24% 24% • 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9 12% 920 9 12% 9 17%
July.... 930 9 37% 930 935
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 35 5 40 5 35 ■■ 5 37%
July 550 5 62% 650 5  2%
September 5 62% 580 6 62% 565
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 72% 4 72% 470 4 72%
July 4 82% 485 4 82% 485
September 4 97% 4 97% 4 97% 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and neglected: No. 2 spring wheat,
C6%(g6Bc; No. 3 spring wheat, 62%<g67%c: No. 2
red, 70c: No. 2 corn, 34c; No. 2 oats, 26% c; No.
2 white, 29@30c; No. 3 white. 2S*i@29%c: No. 2
rye. 54c; No. 2 barley, 3S@49c: No. 1 flaxsecd,
15%; prime timothy seed, $2 40; -mess pork,
per barrel $9<g>9 05; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 27%
<§* 30; short rib sides, loose. $4 45@4 65; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c; short clear
sides, boxed, $4 86©4 90; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour barrels 15.000 19.000
Wheat bushels 67.000 43,000
I Corn, bushels 415.000 211.000
Oats, bushels 382.000 321,000
Rye. bushels 16,000 6,000
I Barley, bushels 66.000 19.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@19%c: dair
ies. 11%©17 c. Egps. steady; fresh, 13c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 10%@11%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cltie« Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 305.2.-.0 22,140
Duluth. 128,3*0
Milwaukee 60.600 4.900
Chicago
Toledo 15.428 36,000
St Louis 18.000 31.000
Detroit 18.646 2.992
j Kansas City 19.000 64,500
Totals • .., ••'••••
Tidewater
Boston 23.R59
New York 144,800
Philadelphia 7.064 50,947
Baltimore 8.528 ,
Galveston
New Orleans 75.516 72.200
Totals ~ —
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 6 5% 5 5% 6 5%
Closing 5 4% 5 4% 6 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening i 43 °° 43 60
Closing ....... ...-......•.■ 42 95 43 60
Whent— ,
Opening 20 40 20 75
Closing 20 45 20 90
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March 14.— Special and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changes in the available supply of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the
preceding Saturday:
Wheat. United States and Canada, Past of
the Rooky Mountains, Increase, 17.000 bushels;
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat for and In
Europe. Increase. 300.000 bushels; total supply.
increase. 317,000 bushels.
Corn United States and Canada, east of the
Rooky Mountains, Increase, 530,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 567,000 buehels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Ta<v>ma and Seattle. Wash.,
decreased 277,000 bushels during the week.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
• CHICAGO, March CATTLE— There was
a fairly active demand for cattle to-day and
prices showed partial' change. ; Fancy, $4 65
5 80; choice steers. $5 35@5 65; medium steers.
: $4 65<!M 95: beef steers, is WO4 60; stockers and
feeders $3 50^4 75: bulls. $2 50<g4 10: cows and
; heifers $3 30<S:4: Western fed steers, $4 10®
5 60; Texas steers-, $3 4004 25; calves. $3 50@7.
Business in hogs was brisk at pre
vious prices. Fair to choice. $3SO(g3 95: rack
; ing lots, $3'(/3 77%: mixed. $3 65<&3 85; butchers'.
$3 6r.fi 3 90; light. $3 60^3 87%: pigs, $3 20-33 70.
SHEluP— Trade in sheep was rather slow,
with prices a shade lower. Common to prime
muttons brought $3®4 50; export sheep, $4 60®
4 60- yearlings, $4 50® 4 70; lambs. $4 25@5 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 20,000; sheep,
18,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. March 14.— wool market has
shown a very quiet tone during the past week
owing to the continuous rumors of further wool
combinations. Territorial wools are quiet, with
40<g42c scoured as the basis for fine medium and
fine. Fleece wools are quiet and the sales
made have been at lower prices. The market
for Australian wools Is quiet.
Territory wools — Montana, fine medium and
fire, 12%!"ic; scoured, 41©42 c; staple, 40c. Utah,
Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine, 12(5>15o;
scoured. 4<Mi'42c: staple, 45c.
Australian— Scoured basis, combing super
.flne, 70-5 72c; good, Gs@6Be; average, 62@65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 14.— Consols, 110%; silver,
27% d: French rentes, 103f 17% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
firm for wheat, sellers holding for advance,
3d dull for red; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. March Wheat. steady;
I wheat In Paris, steady; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, steady; weather In
i England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL, March WHEAT—
steady; No. 1 red northern spring, 6s.-
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, 3a 6d;
old do. 3s 7%d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days.
58,000 centals. Including 48,000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 113,400 centals.
Weather cloudy, but not threatening.
Wheat futures closed firm; March, 5s 4%d;
May, os 4%d; July, 5s 5%d.
. COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 14.— COTTON— Quiet;
"Ykav^ORLEANR. March 14. — COTTON—
Steady; middling. 5%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March 14.— Clearances,
$231,355; balances. $48,350.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 14. — WHEAT—
Walla Walla, BSc; valley, 69c; blue stem, 61
06Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March WHEAT— 680;
blue stem, 61@62c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5.....; ' — $4 *4%
Sterling Exchange. Bight — . 4 86V4
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph — — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still dull at 22a 6d.
usual options, though a good rain would prob
ably stiffen the market. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a , registered tonnage of, 1997,
against 26.700 tons on the same (Into last year;
disengaged, 36.400 tons, against 22,700; on the
way to this port, 150,000 tons, against 160,300.
The rain offset a slight .improvement > at
Chicago and both spot and future prices de
clined somewhat. There were, free sales on
call but the spot market continued dull. ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 HVi@l 13%; milling.
$1 15tgl 17% per ctl. / -\'-- r ~" ' -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session 9:15 o'clock December—
18,000 Otis. 16%; - 46,000. $1 16%; ' 2000, II 16%;
8000, %1 16%; ; 34.000, $116%. May— $1 14%;
10,000, $114%: 2000, $114%; 2000, $114%.
Second session— December— ctls. . $1 16%;
8000, %1 16%. May— 2ooo, $1 14%. . .
Regular morning , session— May— *ooo ctls,
$1 14%.
Afternoon session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 14%.
December— 2ooo, $1 16%.
'BARLEY— Futures . declined .sharply, '. owing,
to the rain. The spot market . showed no
change. ■ , ; - ■
Feed, $1 25@1 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
«000 ctls, 11; 10,000, $100»4; SOOO, 00%; 33.000,
$1 00%.
Second session— Seller '99, new 6000 ctlß.
$100%; 4000, $100 Vi: 6000, $100%; 2000, $1 00%.
Regular morning session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$117%. Seller '99, new— 22,ooo, $1 OOV4: 2000,
$1 00%.
Afternoon session— '99, new— l4.ooo ctls,
99% c; 6000. 99% c; 8000, $1; 2000, $1 00%; 6000,
$100%; 4000, $100%; 2000, $100%. May—
$1 17; 4000. $1 17%.
OATS— Still higher prices are quoted, with
a good demand. Stocks continue light.
Fancy Feed, $1 45 per ctl; good to choice,
$1400142%; common, $132%®! 37%; Surprise.
11450150; Gray. $1 3511:1 40; Milling, $1 42% per
ctl; Red, $150@156; Black, $1 30@l 40.
CORN— There is no change to report. The
demand is still slow.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $110@H2%; White. $110; mixed, $1 07%@
10 per ctl: California White. $112%.
RYE— Dull and unchanged at $1 10@l 12% per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. $3 85@3 90; Oregon and Washington.
$3@3 65' per bbl."
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: ■ Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 to
per 100; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 50^4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 25©» 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4054 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 7.i;
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 Sniff 6 95: In sacks, $6 85®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The inherent strength of the Hay market Is
shown by the fact that the rain Instead of
weakening it actually rendered it stronger by
Improving business prospects. If good crops
are assured trade will at once pick up and
more Hay will be needed. Again, stocks are
too light and the demand for the southern
part of the State is too brisk for a decline at
»the moment. Curiously enough, of the light
receipts of 94 tons moat of it was choice Hay,
something exceptional. It met with a good
demand and quotations were slightly/ higher.
A good deal of Hay is being shipped south Just
now.
Feedstuffß were without change.
BRAN— s2o<g2l per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26«3 > 27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 31 50; job
bing. $32-532 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S©3O per ton: Cornmeal. $23 50
(3-24 50: Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed peed.
$ICALI1 CALI 2 FORNIA HAY-Wheat, $16 60@18 75 for
good to choice and $15@16 for lower grades:
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $ 4 ? oj>
17 50- Oat. $14 50@16 50; Island Barley, $1.1 r,o@
15; Alfalfa. $10 50@12; Stock, $9@11; Clover,
nominal. . . .
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $lo@l6 50;
Cheat 512(612r>0 : Grass Hay. $10@ll; Oat, $14@
15; Clover, $10 50@ll 60; Timothy, $12@13 per ton.
STRAW— 3o@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans rule firm at the advance. Seeds con
tinue dull and unchanged.
BEANS— $1 7501 ?5: Small 'Whites,
$2 1002 20; Large Whites. $1800190; Pnks.
$2 05@2 15; Reds. $3 2503 35; Blackeye, $3 750
3 85; "Butters. $2 2502 50; Limas, $3 7503 85; Pea,
$2 2502 50: Red Kidneys. $2 5002 «0 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 60©4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 7504; Flax, *2 1502 25: Ca
nary Seed. 2U@2%c per lb: Alfalfa. 808% c;
Rape 2V4o2?*c; Hemp. 2'i®3c: Timothy, 54}-54c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green. $2®
2 30 per ctl. ; V;'^~\- \:.*-*^\~\i
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are very firm at the advance and a
further raise is likely. Onions are weak and
unchanged.
Receipts of Rhubarb and Green Peas were
smaller and they did better in consequence.
Asparagus stood about the same.
Receipts were 856 boxes Asparagus, 213 boxes
Rhubarb and 136 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 2502 per dozer.
POTATOES— SI ISOI 20 per ctl for Early Rose
$101 20 per sack for River Bin-banks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks, $1 1001 25 per ctl; Oregon,
9Ocosl for seed and $1250140 for Burbanks;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and $1 75@1 85 for
Merced- New Potatoes. 3c per lb.
ONIONS— 6OOBSc per ctl, outside quotation for
Oregon,
VEGETABLES 3<f4c per lb for
No 2 50-6 c for No. 1 and 7c for fancy; Rhu
barb, $1<&1 60 per box; Green Peas, 2@6c; String
Beans — ..; Cabbage, 40050 c; Tomatoes. HOI 75
for Los Angeles and $1 26©1 75 for Mexican;
Egg Plant, 12'-o per IT'; Garlic. 809 c per tb;
Dried Okra, 15c per tb; Dried Peppers. 10c;
Green Peppers, 30c; Carrots, 25035 c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Game was dull and weak, with some left on
hand In the afternoon.
Poultry was steady and in moderate receipt.
A car of Eastern Bold a« follows: Young
Roosters. $7@7 60; old do, $5 60; Hens, $606 60;
Fryers $6 60; Ducks, $6; Live Turkeys, 13@14c.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14016 c; live
Turkeys ll@l3c for Gobblers and 11013 c for
Hens; G^ese. j.er pair. $1 6001 75; Goslings. $2 85
08 75; Ducks. $506 50; Hens, $4@.->; young
Roosters, $7@7 50; old Roosters. $5; Fryers. $60)
6 60; Broilers, $505 60 for large, $3 5004 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 6001 75 per dozen for old
and $2 2502 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $202 50; White Geese.
76c©$l; Brant, 8101 60; Honkers, ; Hare, $1:
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is weak at the decline already noted.
The disposition Is to sell, even at concessions.
There is no change In Cheese. Eggs again
have a narrow range and are in fair demand
at the quotations.
BUTTER— „ .
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 22c; seconds.
Dairy.. Choice to fancy, 17%@19c: common
Goods— Firkin. 16017 c; pickled roll.
14@16c for dairy and Uol7e for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c. ' -/_;.
Eastern Butter Ladle packed, 13%@H0 per
'ciIEESE— Choice mild new, U@ll%c; old. 10
010'jc: Cream Cheddar, 12012% c; Young Amer
ica.' 11%@12%c; Eastern. 10012 c.
EGGS— at 14@15c per dozen- .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Choice Apples and Oranges are scarce and
firm, but the medium grades are quiet and
easy. Lemons continue weak. Fresh supplies
of Mexican Limes will probably be on the mar
ket In several days.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Aoples, 75c®U 2."> for common. $1 50*31 ,0 per
box for No. 1 and $202 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $203 23
per box; Seedlings. $I@l 75; Mandarins. -—;
Lemons. 75c©$l 60 for common and 8208 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, ,_ Cali
fornia Limes, $101 25 per small box; Grape
Fruit $203 60; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples. $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The situation shows no further change. Al- 1
most everything under this head Is firm except
raisins, and the feeling in this -description Is
rather better. Prunes continue to sell well.
Apples, Peaches and Apricots are scarce. Honey
rules stiff for the reasons already mentioned.
Nuts are in light supply. -
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, "o for 40-50 s, 4%0i
6c for 50-60- s. 4®4%c for 60-70' s. 3Vi@3^c for
70-80' s. 2%©3 c for 80-90' s. 2%@2%c for 90-100-s
and 2o for 100-no's; Silver Prunes, ;
Poaches B®9c for good to choice. 9%010c for
fancy and — for peeled; Apricots. 12%@15c for
Royals and for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples 80SVic; eun dried, 5@5%c; Black Figs.
sacks. 2©2% c; Plums, nominal, 2c for un
nltted; Pears, nominal.
UAISINS-M4C for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown 6%c for four-crown. 4%06c for Seed
less Billtanaa. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2\®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per It); "Walnuts, 8@
ttr for hardshell ll@l2c for softshell: Almonds,
74t«c for hardshell. 18014 c for softshell. 15@17c
far paper shell: Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern and
4i4©sc for California; Cocoanuts $4 50@5
HONKY— 10011 c for bright and 809c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7®
714 c: light amber extracted. 6@6%c; dark. s<B>
l,u.c per It).
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Trade In quiet at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 808% c per lb for
heary 8%®90 for light medium. 10%@Hc for
light 12c for extra light and 12%©13 c for sugar
cured- Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12012 60 per bbl;
rxtra Mesa Beef, $13 60: Family Beef. $14 50®
15; extra prime Pork. $12 60; extra clear, $17 60;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per p. .;
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%i??;)%c per Tb for
compound and 7©7% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure 7%0Bo; 10-Ib tins, B%c: s;lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%©6% c: packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-Ib pails, 60 in a case S%c:
8-lb palls, 20 In a case. S%c; 6-tb palls 12 in a
case. B%c; 10- palle, 6in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins 1 or 2 in a oase. 7%c; wooden buckets 20
lbs net B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7Tbc; half
bnrrelH. about 110 Ibß.-7%c. ■'
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. .
There is a slight local demand for Hops at
the old quotations. Wool continues in the
dumps. Dealers are quoting a weaker Hide
market, though no lower quotations are yet an
nounced.. -" ; fi :
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9o; light, B@B%c; Cow
hides 8%09c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, lac; culls and "brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10@30c each; short
Wool, 85ia6Oc each: medium. /o<s>9oc; long Wool,
90c®$l 10-«ach; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7503 25 for
large, and $1 for small; Colts, 25®50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3*4©3% c per Tb;
No. 2, 2».i<??3c; refined, 4%@5e; Grease, 2©2% c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months 7<S9c; 'San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months, S@9c; Foothill and Northern free. 10®
12c'; Foothill and Northern defective, 8011 c;
Humboldt and Slendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10@
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humholdt and Mendocino 5 @H
Northern Mountain " 010
Southern 6 <| 7%
Plains . 6 <g>7
HOPS— crop. 10<@)llc per It) for ordinary.
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%@5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26<g28c; San Quen
tln Bags, $4 W.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New ■Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, 17 60; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $8; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50:
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $8 In bulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $S 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks. * : ;* ■
CORDAGE— 9Mtc: Sisal, B%c; Duplex.
7%c basis. „ .
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 6001 80 for white; Peaches, $1 400
175; Pears. $1 45<fil 50; Apricots, $1 3o@l 50;
Plums, 95c@$l 15. " - • m ;,., ■'■
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, Ssc©sl 2*:
Asparagus. $1 5001 75: Tomatoes. 85090 c. :
COFFEE — Costa Rica— lsol6c nominal for
prime washed: 13%@14%c nominal for good
washed; 12%015c for good to prime washed
peaberry; ll@U%c for good peaberry; 11%©L5C
for good to prime; 10011 c nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9®10%c for
fair": 5*408% c for common to ordinary. Salva
dor—lo@-13c nominal for good to prime washed;
B@9%c for fair washed; 10%011%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 8%@8%c nominal for
superior unwashed; B@B%c for good green un
washed; 'jy.'SlOa for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— S@S%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; »%01Oc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l6<Sl7%c for prime to fancy
washed new crop; 120>14%c for good to strictly
good washed new crop; old crop— lo%@l4c for
washed; 708% c for medium; 5®6%c for inferior
to ordinary: 10©llHc for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9%010c for good unwashed peaberry;
S@B?ic for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. B%c per !b;
cases, selected, 4V4c per 1b; cases. Imitation
Eastern, hY c. per lb; boneless. sV£c per lb:
strips. s%©7»£c per lb; blocks, 6%06%0 per Id;
tablets. mo per lb: middles, B>4@S^ic per lb;
desiccated. 87% c per dozen: pickled cod, bar
rels J7 75 each; pickled cod, half barrels, $4 25.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 250280 per lb;
Sole Leather, medium. 24025 c; Sole Leather,
light. 23025 c; rough leather, heavy, 2402 ac;
rough Leather, light. 23024 c; Harness leather,
heavy. 32034 c; Harness Leather, medium. 30 v g;
82c; Harness Leather, light. 27@29c: Collar
leather. 14016 c per foot; Kip. finished. 40#450
per lb: Veal, fintshrd. 500.13 c; Calf, finished.
7Sc(f?sl; Sides, finished. 16017 c per foot; Belt
Knife .Splits, 14016 c; Rough Splits. S@loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 7..c;
pure, $1 06: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 54c;
raw.':':-; cases, Be more; Lard OH. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c: No. 1. 46c: cases. 5c
more; China Nut. 45055 c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 65c; cases. 70c: medium,
barrels, 57% c; cases, 62%0; Sperm, crude, 80c!
natural white. 40c; bleached white. 42% c; No.
1 32'<. - Whale Oil,- natural white, 37%e;
bleached white, 4.'.c; Pacific Rubber Mixed
Paints, white and house colors, $1 2.->o>l 35 per
gallon; wagon colors. $202 25- per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12% c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. In cases. 17%e; Astral Oil,
1714 c: Star Oil, 17V.c; Extra Star Oil. 21% c:
Elaine Oil. 22% c: Eocene Oil. t9%c: Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. in bulk. 15% c; In cases 21c:
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; cases. 2"c; 86-degree
Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; in case,*. 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles. Be, 16 ox,
SUe; fis. 14 oz. 7<4c; 6s. 12 oz. 6V; 6s, 10 oz.
r,Uc- 12s 12 oz. TV 4 c; Granite (mining) Candles—
6s 16 oz, 9Uc: 6s, 14 oz. 814 c: 6s. 12 oz. 7%c; 6s
10 oz, 6%c: Parnffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s,
6s White 9%c; 12s, 10% c: colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 607 c per lb.
' TURPENTINE— In cases, 66c; In Iron barrels,
file- in wooden barrels, Me per gallon.
LITCOL— Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels.
47c: oases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered. 5%c; Candy
Granulated. sVic; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 5%e; California A. 4Tgc; Magnolia
A 4%c; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C. 4%c; half
barrels, \r more than barrels, and boxes, %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices- are as follows: Pine,
ordinary rises, $1301?: extra sizes, higher:
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No. 2:
Lath, 4 feet. $2 2002 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
. for split and $10 60 for sawn; Rustic, $15
©21. .
SALMON SHIPMENTS.
SALMON— Shipment of 7269 cases and 1305
barrels to New York by Bea.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue easy and In fair supply. There
is no change In the other descriptions, though
a good rain might make some difference.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7©Sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6M;O/7%c; small, 80 per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SOS%c for large, h\>g>
''*<• for medium and 505% c for large; stock
Hogs, 4%©5 c; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, March 14.
Flour, qr ska 17.71."> Straw, tons 8
Wheat, ctls 670 Wool, bales 55
Butter, ctls 282 Eggs, doz 21.540
Cheese, ctls is.Hops, bales 39
Beans, sks 2,373 Wine, gals 89,400
Potatoes, ska 638| Leather, rolls 133
Onions, sks l'>. r . Lime, bhls 182
Bran, sks 1.325 Pelts, bdls 615
Middlings, ska.... EMS Hides, no 285
Hay, tons 94! Quicksilver, flka. 212
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6,97o|Barley, ctls 720
Wheat, ctls 380, Oats, ctls 2,260
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 120] Potatoes, skß 66
Oats, ctls 330 Hops, bales 4
■ ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull and rather lower.
Local securities were fairly active, and
prices showed little change.
Dividends will be paid to-day as follows:
Oakland Gas, 25c; Pacific Telephone, 40c; Pio
neer mine, 12%o; Sunset Telephone, 26c; Cen
tral Lead, 50c: Doe Run mine, 50c; Empire
State, $1 25: Golden Cycle. 2%c; Highland, 20o;
Portland, 2c; Strong mine, $25,000; War Eagle
mine of British Columbia, $26,250.
The Eureka Consolidated Drift Mining Com
pany of Placer Country has levied an assess
ment of %c per share, delinquent April 11.
The Challenge Consolidated assessment of 5c
per share will be delinquent in the company's
office to-day.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka district, Ne
vada, for the week ending March 10: Diamond
mine, 71.650 pounds; Eureka Con., 178,820; M.
Furllnger, 5920; Idaho, 38,440; Jackson, 34,160;
Richmond, 54,330.
The annual meeting of the Chollar Mining
Company will be held to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, March 14—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask/ I Bid. Ask.
Bonds — Equit G L Co. 9 9}»
4s quar c0up.,113 — Mutual El Co. 15% 15?-»
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 50
4s quar new... — 129 Pac Gas Imp. SI —
is quar. coup.. lO7V*lO7% ! Pac LCo — 49%
Miscellaneous— :S F G & E... 84% 85
Cal-st Cab ss. 116 San Fran 3% —
Cal Elec 6b... .125^127% Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C Wat 55.... 103 — Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund. — 223
E L & P 65. .130 — Bank Stocks —
F& Cl Ry 68.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Cal.. 258
HC & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 9S 98%
L A L Co 65.. — — ] First Nation!. 22o 223
Do gntd 6s..101V;101% Lon P & A...129%133
Market-st 65. .127 128 |Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 65. 115% — Nev Nat 8k...177% —
NCN G R 78.107 — Savings Banks—
N By Cal 65..113»iH4% Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55..1 l2 7 /»U3\4 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N P C R R 6s- — 107 • Mutual Say.. — J 41%
NPC R H ss. 102% — S F Say U.. 497% —
N Cal R R 68.100 — S & L 50.... — 102%
Oak Gas 55.... 110 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry 65. .129 — Union T C 0. .1445 1455
P & Cl Ry 65. .106% — Street Railroads—
p&O 6s 117 — California- ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% G^ary 45 —
Sac El Ry 6s. — — , Market-st 64% 64%
SF& N P ss. — — Oak SL& H. — — .
SF & S JVsß.ll4?4llsU'Presldlo 11 —
SlerraßCal «5.104%105%i Powder—
SP of Ar 65. .112%112% California ....170 —
8 P C'6s (1903)U3Vi114 E Dynamite... 87% —
SPC 6s (1906) — 116*4' Giant Con Co. 60 61
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vigorlt 2% 2?i
BPCIs eg 58.105 — I Sugar—
SP Br 68......124 125 Hana P C 0.... 16*4 1«H
8 V Water Ss.ll6*ill7>>* Haw C&BC. 79 79%
S V Water 45. 103 — Hutch S P.... 33 331&
S V W4s(3dm).lol%lol»i Paauhau S P. 40 40%
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 . : Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— ■• , Al Pac Assn. .lo9*4llo
Contra Costa.. 63% 64 Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Marin ' C0.. -v.. 60 — ' Mer Ex "Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. 102*410214 Oceanic S Co.. 75*4 —
Gaß & Electric— Pac A F a.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor C 0.105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — \ Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P.. 7%- !
Morning Session.
Board—
26 Giant Powder Con 60 50
$1000 8 F & S J V bonds .....115 00
75 Market-st Railway 64 50
75 Hana Plantation C 0..... 16 25
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 113 00
110 Equitable Gas.. 9 12%
40 Equitable Gas.. 9 00 ,
135 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 50
95 Paauhau S P Co j *J> fflb .
60Paauhau S Co, ca5h.........' *> J~
225 Paauhau S P Co •• ♦" '"
100 Hutchinson S P Co ■" ?'
410 Vlgorlt Powder - '°.
MS V Water, cash lv - it *
25 Contra Costa Water • •» (0
Street— Ift7 ,-
SIOOO U S 3 per cent bonds "Vzik -•'
20 Firemen's Fund Insurance "-" w
Afternoon Session.
Board — • ' *-' *■ - : --- - n
$5000 California-st Cable bonds "» «»
100 Equitable Gas •-• * ]?.„
20 Hana Plantation Co " "''»
30 Hutchinson S P Co «
176 Paauhau S P Co 1! S7Vi
45 S F Gas & Electric Co °* »''■
$1000 S P of A bonds {'- r?
15 S V Water .— ; --
$1000 S V 6 per cent b0nd5...... "? ';
$3000 S V 6 per cent bonds, s 10 lio ID
Street— kit ort
$200 US3 per cent bonds •■■\ vi £?
$1000 SF & N PRy bonds J- 1 - 1 "
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 50,1100 Ophir 105
lOOChollar M 100 Overman 08
100 Con Cal & V...1 SO 200 Savage 26
200 Gould & Curry. 33 i 400 Savage "
300 Justice 20. 100 Sierra Nev I^o
400 Mexican 67 1 800 Union Con 63
Afternoon Session. . i
100 Belcher 19 300 Con Cal & V...1 SO I
75 Belcher 18 300 Ophir 1W
100 Best & Belcher. 511 100 Savage *>
100 Challenge 27 300 Sierra Nev 120
lOOChollar 37, 200 Utah •••• 1»
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
gOO Belcher 181 400 Mexican 70
1200 Best & Belcher 50 400 Oph r .-1 to
200 Challenge Con. 28 i 200 Ophir 1 <><'?
400 Con Cal & V...1 SO 600 Sierra Nev 1 2n
500 Hale & Norcrs. 31 j 300 Union Con &4
400 Mexican 67 1 800 Union Con 53
500 Mexican 68 1 500 Utah 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. B "!; A8 £
Alpha Con 06 07 Justice 19 21
Alta 13 14 Kentuck ....... — 12
Andes 19 20 Lady Wash.... — 04
Belcher 18 19 i Mexican £ Tt
Best & Belcher 52 53 Occidental 27 -»
Bullion 04 or,;ophir 1»»1 10 ,
Caledonia — 35 Overman 07 OS ,
Chollar 36 37 Potosi -5 2.
Challenge Con. 28 28 1 Savage 26 «
Confidence 65 TO Scorpion — «» i
Con Cal & V...1 SO 185 Seg Belcher.... 03 04 '
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nev 12a1 30
Crown Point... IS 20 Sliver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con 40 —Standard —2 50
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 55 M>
Gould & Curry. 40 41 Utah 18 19
Hale & Norcrs. 33 34 Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
Julia — 04
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
ln the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Justice
Alta
Challenge
Belcher
Overman
Occidental ....... I
Best & Belcher...
Yellow Jacket !
64
61
M
M
32
M
1
..Feb. ..Mar. 16 05
..Mar. 9!. . Apr. 4 05
..Mar. 12 ..Apr. 5 05
..Mar. 14 ..Apr. U 10
..Mar. 24 ..Apr. 18 05
..Apr. 7!.. May 1| 10
I.. Apr. 7 ..May 21 10
..Apr. V.. May 17 15
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
German Savings and Loan Society to Sarah
Strauss lot on \V line of Webster street, 2a S
of Post. S 22:6 by W 87:6; $10.
Emma F., Lester K. and Walter J. Wells tn
Ferdinand E. Hesthal, lot on NW corner of
Jackson and Maple streets, N 143, W 61, S 138,
E to; $10.
George Ryan to Joseph B. Ryan, all Interest
in lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 72:6 W of
Capp. W 50 by N 60; $5.
Robert F. Ryan to same, undivided one-fifth
of same; gift.
Mary E. Richards (Ryan) to same, Fame;
$1000.
Edmund F. and Mary E. Clark (by S. C.
Blgelow and A. A. Smith, trustees) to Savings
and Loan Society. 1488 d 391, lot on N line of
Twenty-seventh street, 245 E of Church, E 23
by N 114. trustee's deed; $1668.
Michael Harrington to David P. and Lizzie
Walter, lot on w Una of Vlcksburg street, 25:4
N of Jersey. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Mary C. McKew to Frederick Fisher, lot on
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 134 W of San
chez. W 1 by N 114; $5.
Margaret M. and Charles Westwood to Fred
erick J. Baumel, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street. 206 E of Castro. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Jared H. Irwln to Charlotte L. Gashwiler, lot
on E line of Kearny street, 37:6 N of Pine, N
100 by E 65:9; gift.
George and Anna L. Whitteil to Oscar T.
Lunlng lot on NE corner of Stockton and Val
lejo streets. N 66:6. E 57:6. N 20, W 57:6. N 51.
E 47:10%. SB 140:0%. S 29:10%, W 137:6; also lot
on SE corner of Broadway and Hyde street, E
137:6 by 8 137:6; also lot on S line of Fell street.
137:6 W of Franklin, W 137:6 by S 120; $10.
Edward and Alma Lunstedt to William
Oechslin. lot on E line of Jones, 40 N of Chest
nut, N 20 by E 68:6; $10.
William R. and Q. Anna Page to August and
Noemie Mlclo. lot on N line of Pacific street,
97:6 E of Hyde. E 20 by N 60: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to E. W.
Scott, lot on W line of Rhode Island street, 150
S of Nineteenth. W P«. SW to a point S 3, SE
201, N 16:3, W 100. N 25, E 100. N 125: .
San Francisco Land Company to Felix Mar
cuse lot on \V line of Sixth avenue. 233:8 N of
California street. N 75 by W 120; $10.
Charles E. and Nellie Corbley to T. T. Wil
liams, lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 200 N of
California street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Violet I. Fife,
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 200 S of L
street. S 75 by E 120; gift.
J. H. Meredith to Frank H. Willis, lot on W
line of First avenue, 70:6 S of United States
Military Reservation, S 35 by W 120; $2000.
G. F. and Ida F. Rantie (Rising) to William
Nlcol. lot 5, block 9, Sunny Vale Homestead
Association: $10.
Sarah I/eventhnl to Solomon Getz, lot on S
lln# of Minerva street. 100 E of Capitol. E 250
by B 125. lots 1 and 2. block P. Railroad Home
stead Association; $10.
John H. and Regina F. Mellon. Richard F.
and Euphemla C. Mogan to Paolo Pellegrini,
lot on N line of Minerva street. 100 W of
Plymouth, W 50 by X 125. lots 11 and 12, block
S, Railroad Homestead 'No. 2: $10.
Mary A. Meier to John McDonnell, lots M to
29 and W half of lot 30. block 10, University
Mound Survey: grant.
Alameda County.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Leo
R. Weil, lot on NE line of Santa Clara avenue.
441.46 SE of Oakland avenue. SE 50 by NE
150, being lot IS. block I, Linda Vista Terrace
Map 2, Oakland: $10.
Same to Maud W. Eberts, lot on SW line of
Santa Clara avenue formed by the Intersection
of dividing line between lots 5 and 10, block
L. Linda Vista Terrace, and distant 195.88 NW
from NW line of Walsworth avenue, SW 143.23.
SE 40. NE to a point 40 SE from point of be
ginning, thence NW 40 to beginning, being the
NW 40 feet of lot 10. block L. Linda Vista
Terrace, Map 2, Oakland: $10.
E. D. Fallon to Mary Fallon. lot on SE line
of Orchard avenue, 200 W from SW line of
Sunnyside street. SW 50 by SE 140, being lot
25, Marlon Tract. Brooklyn Township; gift.
Claudlno M. Da Abreo to Manuel Da Abreo,
lot rin S line of Estabrook street. 150 W of
Clark, W 50. S 240. E 100, N 120, w 50. N 120
to beginning, beings lots 101, 102. 131 and \S2,
Hemme Tract, San Leandro, Eden Township;
$10.
Rebecca and M. L. Wurts to William and
Cella McLean, lot on S line of Forty-sixth
street, 315 E of Linden. E 50 by S 100. being
the E half of lot 9 and \V half of lot 10. block
2107, Alden Tract. Temescal. Oakland: $10,
Lizzie M. Ferrier to Roy T. Kimball. lot be
ginning at a point 330 W from SW corner of
San Pablo avenue and Plat 6. Rancho V. and
D. Peralta. N 360, W 260. S 360. E 260 to be
ginning, being a subdivision of Plat 6, Rancho
V. and D. Peralta, Oakland Township; $10.
Winifred W. Potter to San Francisco Sav
ings Union, 506 d 261. lots 23 and 24. block G.
Bella Vista Park, East Oakland, deed of sur
render* *-- .
Mary Denning and Patrick and Timothy Beg
ley (by Sheriff) to Bay Rock Company (a cor
poration), lot on SE corner of Addlson and
Third streets, S 100 by E 48, being lot 1. block
108, Tract B. * Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley: $224.
Same to same, lot on S line of Addison street,
48 E of Third, E 50 by S 100, being lot 2, block
108, Tract B. same, Berkeley; $224. ■
Builders' Contracts.
.Tames A. Ryan (owner) with Edward Gin
ley (conractor), architect none. All work ex
cept grading, brick work, plumbing, gas fit
ting and painting for a three-story frame build
ing, with alterations and repairs to those
buildings now located and erected on W line
of Laskle street, 143 N of Mission, N 33 by W
92; $2515.
Abe Stern (owner) with Owen E. Brady
(contractor), architect Richard H. Hunt. Ex
cavating, concrete and brickwork for all foun
dation, walls, etc., for building, commencing
at a point ST. E of Octavia street curb line
and 14:10 N of Pacific avenue curb line, thence
W TO*-^WB0 B 7:2%. S 1:0%. E 62:9%, S 131:6
L. M. Jacobs (owner) with A. Nelsen (con
tractor), architect Alexander Hildebrand. All
work for a two-story frame building on S line
w Z&tVtt-gjU* Van Ness avenue -
J. M. Miller (owner) with E. A. McCarthy
(contractor), architect V. de Prosse. All work
for a 4-room and basement 1% story cottage on
lot on W line of Webster street, 50 S of Filbert '
S 25 by W 100; CSOO.
Mrs. Ella A. McLeod (owner) with William
Little (contractor), architect T. P. Ross. All
work except plumbing, mantels, parquet floors
gas fixtures and furnace for 2-story frame
building and attic on lot on N line of Broad
way, 122:6 E of Steiner street, N 137:6 by tl
27*6; $4*85. '
Christiana L. Mason and Helen M. Gedge
(owners), with D. Perry (contractor), archi
tects Curlett & McCaw. All work for a 2-story
frame bulldlne with brick foundation (2 fiats)
on lot en SE corner of Clay and Walnut streets,
37:6 by 101:8%; $7582.
Lucien Jules Gerhardt owner, with Daniel
Einstein - contractor, architect none ; .all . work.
for a two-story frame building with finished
for a tw^» to P r F vIu I £ m 1 street. 110 W of Scott,
basement on m^ Western Addition 443; $3700.
NOTICE TO MARINERS. >
1 - x. *f ♦),» United States Hydrographies
A branch of the Unuea g . Exchange, is
Office, located in the ™ ere fr>r the henpnt of
cd wUhout n regard to nationality and
free of expense. rnrdia iiy In vtted to visit tha
Navigators a * £?I d J a ;£, of charts and sall
offlce. where c °? £" ! world are kept on hand
ing directions of reference, and the latest
for comparison and re""" ob ' tt an, ne d regarding
IrihtT^anV^to'navfga'fion and all matter,
of interest to ocean commerce
The time ball on the Market°street is hoisted
iSlllilP
in the morning papers the^ollnwtw.W
Lieutenant, U. S. W.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coart and Geodrtlc Sun-ey -
Times and Heights of "'*" * nfl . ';
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
FrtncTsco Bay. rt Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
> twenty-five minutes, later than at Fort Point;
1 the height of tide Is the same at both places.
~~~ WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15.
Sun rises •. <j:2l
Sun sets i*"li"U .
Moon sets...: 1O:5(5 P- "■•■
M Time a Time Time Time[
? Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
y HW[ L W fa VV, L W
_5 P26~T8 8:01 0.3 2:40 4.4 7:44; 2}
16 "' 2 : 08 6.6 9:01 0.4 3:51 4.1 8:30 2.8
17 '" : 54 5.4 10:06 0.5 5:14 3.9 9:30 2.8
18 '" 3 : 50 5.2 11:16 0.5 6:41 4.0 10:50 3 .
19 '"' 4-45 4.9 12:26 0.6 7:50 4.3
LWHW L W H W
20 016! 3.2 6:06 4.6 1:16 0.6 8:35 4. J
21 ".' _ : "30 3.1 7:14 4.6 2:01 0.6 9- ■ *.j
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tld»a
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th->
! second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
I and the last or right hand column gives the
' last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heigh's
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted fro™
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low watera.
timt; balx,.
Branch Hydrography Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, • Ca.l.,
March 14. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of th» new Terry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
lieutenant, IT. 8. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. I Due.
Czarina Seattle Mar. 15
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay Mar. IS
Orizaba [Newport Mar. 13
Fulton (Portland Mar. 13
Washtenaw [Tacoma Mar. 15
C. Nelson 'Puget Sound ! Mar. 13
Areata Coos Bay Mar. 15
G. W. Elder Portland I Mar. 15
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 13
State of Ca1.... Portland Mar. 1C
Acapulco 'Panama Mar. IS
Point Arena.... Point Arena Mar. 18
Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 10
North Fork [Humboldt Mar. 17
China China and Japan Mar. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 17
Wyefield Nanaimo Mar. 17
Mackinaw Tacoma IMar. 17
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 18
Weeott Coos Bay Mar. IS
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 13
Wellington 'Departure Bay Mar. IS
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 19
Leelanaw Seattle Mar. 19
Luella [Tillamook Mar 19
Colon [Panama Mar. 20
Progreso Seattle '...... :?&. Mar. 21
Prist [Departure Bay -Mar. 20
Crescent City... Crescent City [Mar- 20
Columbia (Portland ...Jf. [Mar. 21
Corona 'San Diego.. :.T.. Mar. .1
Steamer.
i
..
From.
>
STEAMERS TO SAIL
. Steamer. I Destination. Sails. ! Pier.
Pomona ...'Humboldt Mar. 15. 2 pmi Pier '.
Corona San Diego Mar. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Aloha {Point Arena.. 'Mar. 15, 3 Pier i
Areata Coos Bay Mar. 16, 10 am Pier 13
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Mar. 16, 10 am Pier 2(
Orizaba Newport Mar. 17, 9 am Pier II
Hongk'g M. China & Japn Mar. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla -. Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 am Pier '
A Blanch'd Coos Bay Mar. 17. 5 pm Pier i:
Chllkat .... Humboldt Mar. 17. 2 pm'Pier 1-
Pt Arena.. i Point Arena.. Mar. 18, 3 Pier ;
Costa Rica. Acapulco Mar. 18. 12 m PMSS
State of Cai : Portland Mar. 19, 10 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 19, 11 am Pier 1]
Acapulco .. Panama I Mar. 20, 12 mIPMSS
Weeott !Yaqulna Bay.'Mar. 20. 1 Pier 15
Coos Bay . . . Newport Mar. 21, 9am Pier V.
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 22. 10 amPler '
Alameda ..Sydney Mar. 22. 2 pmiPler *
Columbia ..[Portland |Mar. 24. 10 am PIT li
■ Steamer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 13.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, S days fronj
Astoria.
Tuesday, March 14.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, 8 days from
Astoria.
nktn Leslie D, Ulm. 7 days from Port Blake
ley.
Schr Webfoot, Atwood, 10 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Schr Premier, Wagner, 85 hours from Co
lumbia River.
Srhr J Eppinger, Johnson, 24 hours from
Point Arena.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Holmborg, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, March 14.
Haw bark Pantiaeo. Engalls. Hllo; J D
Spreckela & Br. •? Co.
Whaling Ftmr Alexander, Tilton, whaling: H
Llebe3 & Co.
Whaling stmr Narwhale. Comlskey, whaling;
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br Ehip Olivebank. Young, Tacoma; R B
Hngue.
Bark Chas B Kenney. Anderson. Prlnc# WU«
Hams Sound; Alaska Packers" Association.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 14.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Crua.
St'mr Ellhu Thomson, Smith. Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Mineola. David. Nanalmo.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr O^umbia. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Lrflaruna. Ericsson.
Stmr Vhitesbnro. Johnson.
Bark Lev! O Burgess. Ynunggren. Tacoma,
Echr Newark, Be<-k, B iwens Landing.
SPOKEX.
Per schr Premier— No date. 41 N. 126 «? W,
schr Jennie Thelin, from Grays Harbor, for Sao
Francisco
Jan 2S— 2S R, 14 W— Br bark Inversnaid. from
Portland, for Cork.
CHARTERS.
The Bldstnn Hill lr»ads mdse for Manila,
£4110, by the Government.
The Dauntless loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Guaymas; Howard D Troop, wheat at Port
land for Europe. 32s fid.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 14. in p m— Weather k
thick; wind south: velocity 20 miles. J
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed March 13— Ger ship
Rodenbeck, from Vancouver, for Callao.
HA LLARD— Arrived March 14— Schr C H Mer
chant, hence March 2.
USAL— Arrived March 14— Stmr Ruth, hence
March 13.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 14— Stmr Arcata.
for San Francisco; stmr Weeott, for Yaquina
Bay.
Arrived March 14 — Stmr Alice Blanchard. hna
March 10.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 14— Stmr St
California, for San Francisco; Br stmr Fan
sang, for Yokohama; Ger bark Thalas.-
Hamburg.
KVREKA- Arrived March 13— Stmr Worth
Fork, hence March 12.
Sailed March 14— Stmr Brunswick. I
Francisco; Rehr Occidental, for San V"
NEWPORT (B)— Arrived March
South Coast, from Eureka.
Sailed March 14— Stmr South Coast for ?«»
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 14— Strr- Cott*l«
from Dyea: stmr Progreso. hence March W-
Sailed March 14— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 14— tenr
Queen, hence March 2.
Sailed March 14— Br bark Kate F Troop, for
Guayaquil.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 14— Ship John R
Kelley, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Feb 17— Bark Palmyra.
from Port Gamble.
CALDERA— Arrived Jan 19— Chil bark Lat.->
--na, from Port Ludlow.
CARONEL — Arrived Jan 22 — Aus stmr Bur
ma, from Astoria.
Sailed Jan 23— Aus stmr Burma, for St Vin
cent.
TYNE— Arrived March 12— Br ship Clan Mac
pherson. from Seattle.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed March 12— Br bark
Inveramsay. from Antwerp, for San Fran-
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed March 13— Sche^
Inca. for Honolulu; Haw ship John Ena. for"
San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Arrived March 13— Br ship CI»T
- load for San Francesco.LIST OF PHIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co,
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
Single .Number, Class "C," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day. March 11, 1899.
The Honduras National Lottery has no daily
■'• dra^^lnl IS nOt% connected with any daily
N % Prize iN c --- Prize.No. Prize
;" "I „?: so H so
18] 305 16
' I « tt
t3S SO; £11 24! 677 Juk
■| Up liilii
■ ■ a it
• }^t *>l l*|2 16(1507 24
\tit **! • 8< "I "OS 24
£*:::::::: l\'f^ ; IS
• ln . : ... : 14
- .■: io
ill lilililil
f« ■ ■•'<■• ■».- 3S» • 16
M
■
.... J K«2 ua
M
24
..i|:E:: |ipEi ?l|lliii
It ■ i ■ ->.J 1\
MJM33 :: : ;;; g
... «c
. **>2 16| 0376 16j 6067 «9
.. ■J 0 ! 61M .... 40! 6556 24
f>™ ■ is! 6j24. .'.'.'.'.'.'. i 6 6S7s!!!!!!!I 21
1< 6L-7S 2i
IC 730Z 14
Hi* 6 i "3si- ••••" 40 7664!!!!!!!! 16
Jig 16| 7520 16 7845 16
f'l ■ "I 7951 ■• 16 7SS3 24
*£? l fi i SC-77 24 -.61 IS
: "«S 24 8342 80 83S0 U
■ f5Ol 16 Sol 7 16 5553 ..... 16
*^ 16 5613 120; £623 16
*£* «t &"37 16 S7S9 .... 16
92« 16, 93C5 24; 9391 .... 16
•5492 24 5536 40 SS2O 40
. ,«6<> 16 SSS4. 16 9956 16
l*-«* 16J1001S ... 'l&ilOWS to
I°*° 15(10601 16.10753 .... 40
1<»76 50J10994 14 11125 so
- 11142 1611201 80 11211 IS
112S* 2411367 16113U2 16
• 115SS .... 16;115SO 2411726 120
HS24 24,11*29 18111843 16
HS<55 40 ; 11SSO 24 11384 40
. 1137S 40 12172 16 12207 40
1»W 16;i2575 24;i2752 24
12730 16.12533 16i12356 24
13047 5&J13075 24^13154 24
13203 134*1 16,13500 SO
13523 16:i353S 40;13553 16
13609 16', 13623 .. 16:13730 24
. 13753 16:i3571 . . 40|13371 16
14103 1614156 24.142J3 16
14429 16 14430 1S ! 1478 40
14546 16J14571 14 14662 16
14744 80114756 ....... 1 VMS 40
■ 15173 16!1541S 15467 SO
' 155&6 24J156U 16:15612 15
15536 12M6037 16172 IS
16253 24116374 400116780 16
. 17015 24 !........ 16:17065 . 24
. .-17220 4017280 24:17379 40
,17520 40117937 16|17335 120
' ISOO3 161SQS5 4 1-1-5 16
IS2S? 24 13341 ....... i 343 24
IS3S9 40 18436 50J15554 16
15703 24 15727 241S9SS 24
ISO4I 80 19073 Si)il£oS3 4000
1J133 16J15176 16-15261 16
15361 15,19507 ... 40J15599. ....... 16
IS6OB 16 15631 16J15702 SO
197^5 40:i9576 80! 1 .-. 18
19913 19964 16 ......
K«37 16?2C052 40 20226 24 !
...... 16 20269 50 ! 20271 24 |
203C9 16 ; 204i5 16[20442 16
20495 40 20555 16 20701 24
. 20719 162C570 16,20572 24 i
20926 24i20966 . 24,21003 24 !
'21311 16121362 16 21375 24. j
'21377 24:21436 16 21461 16'
£1713 80121761 24'217?3 40
21*23 16'"1539 24!21570 40
22144 2422131 ... 24 22256 40
22434 E0122454 16 22457 40 |
.... 1622686 16:22730 16 '
2£S*o 16j22521 24 ; 22556 16 I
22579 16 23075 It 23122 SO
23131 2 « 23711 1623755 30000
53534 24235G7 16;2359S 40
24104 16.24240 24;24272 40
'2431S .... 120*2434 40124436 24
2455$ 16 24721 40)24890 80 j
25053 24 25092 16 25201 400
L"^t> 40;25517 SO 25704 24
. tITIt/....... IS 25915 16:25853 24
23353 '.: ! 2t502S 40|26M8 .... 40
26C65 24:26137 16:26268 18
26325 £4:26356 5'j:26365 16 j
• 26633 16'2t«iS5 24j26859 SO |
20i34 40f26537 16 26999 .... 21;
27071 27073 16;27:57 16 '
IT.-.*.; 16 27554 16,27604 24 i
1-7625 ... 24(27633 16 27539 24 ;
27i7J 24.27J-J6. 24 27935 80 !
27'jS7 24 25027 . . «!2S>)S3 IS
250&4 24(28147 16128243 16 :
2S3il 24j25440 16.25457 24
25545 16125652 Li -•;-■; 120 j
230« 40 23140 24:23394 24
254i3 16.29513 .. .. ■ •- - -73 16
20S7S 24^29893 16-29501 16 I
30026 .... W'SOOTO . 16:30124 24 ;
• 20330 ...... 16|30341 24 30384 80
30636 16,30722 16.3050S 16
BCS67 40)31070 .... 16-31203 16 I
31365. 24 31371 4&J3143S 24
31472 15.31567 16 3150 ... 24
• -31735 1631571 4031917 24
.31937 16:31994 24 31995 40
32011 24.35 120,32120 24 j
J2202 16 : 32406... 24 32501 .... 16
82655 24:32561 4032955 16
" 52564 1632955 16'329'j0 16
83354 1€:33353 24:33456 40
• .33467 24J33641 2433673 16
23911 2433531. ..... 24:34025 18 i
24103 1634109 40(34197 is I
34221 16 34327 24 54383 24
3«54 : 1483 40|34606 16
34756 1634566 40 34869 24
•3430S 24;349!«5 16 35001 16
55068 16,35166 80135215 120
35238.: 16:35304 35531 80
55656 ■ 5812 24 36840 24
• 35354 So':36t«X) 16;36>D79 2000
" 2C156 40)36178 16 36248 40
-16506 16.36651 . 120:36653 24
86670 lelJeS.^ 16:37018 24
57123 15!372iv» 18 37416 16
J7SIS 16 37553 1637603 16
' 37974 16-JSI6S 1653*339 16
35465 40135490 16:355C-5 24
35512 40 3SSSI 24 38698 40
■ 39071 24j35144 16 39381 24
• 3&543 16539756.' 16 35757 80 !
•S9SSI 1639914 1*
40014 16140158 14M0157 . 24
43139 24 40246 16,40281 40
40341 161*0390 24 40441 80
4044S 24 ! 40661 16 40684 16 ;
46518 24 40874 16 40917 24
"40C-56 16U0C'S4 24!11063 :VS>H
4H05 16J41270 24 41331 -16
415C4 15;41550 40.41563 16 ;
41674 40*41772 40,41528 80
41562 24J41951 16,41991 24'
4 ->!56 16 42227 42230 80
4227 s 40*42343 24*42373 24
424^3 16 ! 42545 16;425€6 16
42751 1642772 16;42531 120 1
42534 S<M3l43 16 43151 ...v.40 ;
•45204 120,43362 24 43367 y 16
43407 16:43470 40:43571 SO
■43^15 120 .'43631 SO 43719 IS :
43TJ3 16:43748 16 43760 V;l«l
•«7«3 24143551 40-43997 .... s 40 ,
44015 24[44190 24 tan 40
44233 16 44309 16 44732 40
44733 16144751 24:44823 1000 |
4454 D 14903 24 45012 16 |
4V)2.y. 16:45078 24 45092 - . 40 I
45255 ■ .16U5390 16:45408 i..^ -40 J
45490 ■ 16:45534 40J45557 SO
4571S 2445926 16J45952 15 '
46007 24:46286 16 46314 40
46434 1646510.-.. 24J45512 16 ;
45.-,22 16'4<E63 .... 80 46357 16 I
? 46664 24:4.7731 ... 40,47042 16 [
47225 16 47245 16 47273 40
'47309 40147350 24 47376 IS
47681 5047737 24-47767 40 ;
47894:1 50:47909 16 45022 24
4S2SS 8048352 40 48420 16 :
4542S 24:48433.. .24,45658 120
45579. ....... 2445653 -■ 45687 16 •
45710 16457 M '. 40;457£4 16 ;
3i754 40*48853 24 45927 SO .
• 45557! 24>4?659 24' 45562 24
45977!!- 40.'49120 80145207... 40
43C28.. ...... 16 43361 16 43397 16 :
43796 . 16 f 49549 16 49571 24
BSiff S ! M» 1^63... SO
*(yi<?> .. 16150442 16 00738 40 :
60830!! M..-.. " 1650886 16(50903 II
er/0»6 40J50&68 16J51041 24 :
BV^ ....... 21.51345 -■ ' '-'-2 40 :
E1582 ! .... 2451610 1651812 SO.
£1956 ! 1552C17 16i52055 ... SO ;
KIM." !!!!! SO -.2127 2452284 24
f>-?40 .... 24!523<i3 24 52455 24
rM4" !!! "52675 . 24!526?2 24
C«? 52 SO! 52929 24153023 16
K044 .1! 5C! 53230 16;53fi61 16 i
~%ill ; " 1653797 . 24 ! 53553 16
B3905!;; SO 53968 1615U01 .... 16 I
E4 ; 61 1654371 24|54603.. ...... 24
64635 40>5477? 16 54794 40
E4*;4 4055026 4JKV.041 is ;
63261 24:55251 4 2?25T .... 40 ,
J5554 16!05607 40, ..3764 16 !
bHH 16*55889 1656ff14 40 j
ffV-i 1656217 24156295 > 40
ikA""\'::. «SS« 24:56474 so :
rem' lciseeas 40 54646 40 i
i 1 ill 118 24 ;
... 16
- 40
ISA 2457372 40157522 16 .
ESS 2437974 40158001..' 16
hSj| 2455161 .... 2458313 24
ggj? MSSiK ...... 1958453 16
j£2*l 24 58585 16158868 ... 24
•r«-9 24158942 1*5894$ 40
t!r!:!!!":: Saws* *of9M2 .... 16
aSSill 40J5351S 40 59875..;;...-.. 16 :
■60022! !*.".".".*.'. 16 60167..: 16 &*£— 16
CO43S 24 60366 . 16 ; 60663 16
6C*V> 8060792 40160555 16
•0923 4!)'60930 40 61129 40 .
6U98 16161337 16 61447 24
eiC2.S 40|6152« 16,61591 43
1 61909 1662046...;.... 16^62074 ; 4 i
62263! 40162452 40;62330 U
W>l 4062669 • 16162.41 . 24
f2772 So:62m 24J62533 M \
C?S33 l«;C2006 40:62327.. ■■■ ?a\
6T>23 24163026 24163166 24
mm'.'.'.l*v 16,63377.......* 24.163117.....^ J»
/. LIST OP PRIZES.
>» T o. Prize. [No. Prize. Prize.
i 63453 40163536 16163847 24
! 63SS0 63955 16J63568 40
' 64039 120164398 24164570 16
61606 1*64670 16 64700 16
64S1S 40 64903 40:64936 16
65016 120 6:066 40 65076 16
65272 SO 65319 16 6535S 16
65390... 16,65415 16 65447 ■ 80
65656 1665763 40 65555 80
65940 16 66042 SO 66117 24
: 66530 40166577 241«6582 24
£6791 KBOl 50J66530 24
: 66*75 4066935 24 67095 16
67107 40*67142 2167160 16
67434 16 67497 16 67518 40
6765S 12067564 80 6*124 24
65515 24 65332 16i6554-D 40
68553 4065599 16.65659 16
68810 16168993 24 63049 80
< 69063 50!69068 80 69070 40
I 63163.; 16J69252 16 69338 16
69477 4069715 24 69555 40
: 69316 16 69352 24 69975 40
1 70007 16170069 16(70169 16
70242 16170263 40170497 SO
: 70552 16 70553 24|70755... 16
70915 1670979 16 70992 24
71213 24 71245 16 71271 24
71293 71364 1671432 16
714.') 71456 8!>!71489 24
: 71529 71627 24 71656 16
I 71921 16 71954 16 72096 16
! 72265 24J7J34S 16 72444 16
172349 1-: 72617 24 72721 21
72744 16172928 24 72941 80
',73064 16173035.. 24 73172........ SO
' 73267 4073415 40 7347S IS
73542 16(73648 16 73777 24
! 73796 40173896 24 73964 40
j 73967 50. 74121 SO 74154 16
74240 40 74249 16174315 40
I 74373 40 74417 16 74509 24
74510 36 74000 40,74658 40
I 74SS0 40,74883 80 ; 74962 24
j 75062 1675078 16 75163 40)
I 75169 1675218 16 75305 40
I 75500 40175529 2475625 120
75644 24 75720 16,76005 120
: 76M9 24 76161 1000;76166 16
j 76193 16176219 24 76246 24
76441 24 76474 16 76605 24
/ 7C617 24 76SS8 40 77023 40
I 77064 80:77066 16 77057 40
77126 120,77201 16 77294 16
I 77311 16177417 M [77*34 IS
I 77726 24177925 16 77934 40
! 7793-S 24 78375 16575355 16
i 75333 16 7*433 16179608 16
78618 847801 16175734 16
! 75732 40,75531 40175976 40
75979 79124 24 79320 24
79378 40'7949S 16 7954S 16
75551 j 241*9641 40 79653 24
79351 16 75974 24 79056 16
SOll7 24;50273 16j50439 16
i 50507 ■ 10671 400 80743 SO
I SOS3S 80180836 40;51024 24
! 51036 16|51058 16 81140 16
I 81261 16 51264 54151265 24
! 51367 24 «1392 24181414 16
j 81438 16 81453 120J51519 IS
81796 1651562 4O.SISSO 16
52477 40152515 16;52320 21
1 52600 24182703 16 82761 ...... 16
82320 4 82961 4083107 16
53127 asm ie 83258 24
i 53425 40K3457 40183467 16
[83471 16 83676 16 «3699 16
53755 2483880 16 -4"29 16
! S4OS3 24 84234 84 84259 *»
j 84283 2484425 40 84535 SOI
: 54762 24:84782 16:84838 24 !
j 54545 2486609 8085142 16!
1 55201 16 ■■,15 E0i55420 24
: 55572 50|50535 16 85694 400
t 55700 16155729 16-8 5854 24
I 56015 16186085 50!56119 49
■ 55253 24156252 16J56259 24 |
I 86340 16 86409 16 »*423 24
i 56457 24)86472 24J56507 .... 16 |
(16524 16J86830 16'S6SS6 40
86362 24156998 16.87013 40
$7076 24 87104 -i J7567 24 j
; S76SI 2415773S 24 87741 IS
SSOO2 1688074 24I8SUS .. 16 |
85163 :. 40i58205 16 BS3BI IS
SS39B SO'S?4l5 24;55496 40
55646 16155091 40 58914 80
1 59005 16J59164 16:59171 16 ,
I SSISS 16 89207 120!55212 16 (
i 55465 40!g9472 40;53507 SO .
I 53.-73 24189554 40!5970S ... 40
j 59741 IK 59766 16189547 ..i-24
j 53957 SO]
I 90118 16190159 12090314 24'
! 90393 90509 50:90623 16
I S<}7Sl 24:90557 J4J90984 16 I
j 90SS9 1491 1691040 24
I 91129 16:91165 24:91185 16
91281 4091439 24:91515 SO i
91621 24!91651 4091874. 24:
I 92141 1532145 4092322 24
! 52404 1692730 16 : 92510 •• 16
I 930«3 40193099 40,33117 IS ■
i 5316i5 16193193 16,93221 16
I 93518........ SOS3S73 16:93699 49
! 93503 161&4053 24 94133 16 ;
! 94336 24 94452 40:94581 120
; 94600 £4:94770 249451S 15 i
• c S1 Q7 16i95129 ■ 40:95281 80
! 55421 ... 12095562 24 95572 80
I 93701 24!9"16 ..... 16:95724 24
; &0733 16.95593 40:560«6 IS I
i 9,113 16-96199 15,?«J23 „ 24
I 96421 40 56435 1696474 24
' 56546 IS 96631 IS 96636 .... 40
; 96751 40196799 24197036 SO
97146 1597234 16:97268 40
87329., 16l97«0 1597504 16
97583 16!97629 .... 16:97730 16 '■
97793 16:97393 ... 40 98147..'. 16 :
95J34 16198494 24 98455 16 j
i 95462 24*98470 15 98483 24 ;
95656 2495772 SO'9S9SS 16
SS93I 16 99-1-1 99115 IS
59174 24-99205 4099496 40
i 9935S 24199639 169 5873 24
J 59.572 24 99*36 16:93917 16
! 99942 16 1 ' |
APPROXIMATION* PRIZES.
100 numbers from 23735 to 23835, inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number ;
drawing the capital prize of $30.000— 540.
100 numbers from 29463 to 29563, Inclusive, be- |
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number ]
drawing the capital prize of $8000— 524.
100 numbers from 19043 to 19143. inclusive, be- !
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number ,
J drawing the capital prize of $4000— 516.
i. TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with S3, being the two I
last figures of the number drawing the capital ;
prize of $30,000— $S.
999 numbers ending with 13, being the two |
last figures of the number drawing the second j
capital prize of $8000— $8. ■
The subscriber having supervised the single :
number drawing, class C. Honduras National I
Lottery, hereby certifies that the above are
the numbers which were this day drawn from
the 10O.0W placed in the wheel, with the prizes :
corresponding to them, witness my hand at i
■ Puerto Cortez. Honduras. C. A., this Saturday,
March 11. 1899. W. S. CABELL,
Commissioner.
■ $7500 FOR 60 CENTS, ONE-QUARTER OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans— ss.
Before me. Charles G. Rebentlsch, a notary
public in and for the Parish of Orleans. State
of Louisiana, personally appeared J. H. Coatea j
of No. 1 Fulton Market, Chicago, 111., who, j
being by me, notary, duly sworn, did depose !
and say that he is the bona-fide holder and !
owner of one-quarter ticket No. 91506 (ninety- ;
! one thousand eight hundred and six) of the
Honduras National Lottery Company (Louis-
' iana State Lottery Company) of the drawing i
Saturday, February 11. 1899, class B. which [
drew the first capital prize of thirty thousand :
: dollars ($30,000) at said drawing C OATES.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, notary, at
' New Orleans, La., this 28th day of February,
A. D. 1899. C. G. REBENTISCH.
! " . Notary Public.
! $3750 FOR 25 CENTS. ONE-EIGHTH OF FIRST j
*^ - CAPITAL PRIZE.
i State of Illinois. County of Cook— ss.
Mike Brooks of the City of Chicago, County
! of Cook and State of Illinois, being duly sworn,
' doth depose and say, that he resides at 367 Max-
I well street. Chicago, 111., and that he is the ]
1 true rightful and bona fide owner of one- !
eighth ticket No. 91806, class B, of the Hon- j
duras National Lottery Company, the drawing
of which was held on Saturday, February 11.
I 189° at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., which ;
! drew the capital prize of 830. 090, and that he \
1 received the amount of his prize in full.
I r MIKE BROOKS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d i
day of February, A. D. 1839.
H. KRULEWICH, Notary Public.
14000 FOR $2, WHOLE OF THIRD CAPITAL
*^ . PRIZE.
State of Illinois, County of Cook— «*.
John Folstoff, being duly sworn, deposes and
says upon oath, that he is a householder In the
city of Chicago, doing business at 213 Southport
avenue, and that he is the sole and bona fide
owner of the third prize, class B, ticket No. i
6106, of the Honduras National Lottery, and |
that under the drawing as announced be la j
entitled to the sum of $4000.
JOHN R. FOLSTOFF.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of February, A. D. 1539.
D. V. WEBSTER, Notary Public
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by presi-
dent of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company).
Prizes Cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal
BAKER'S WILL CONTESTED.
Heirs Object to Mrs. Caldwell Getting
Decedent's Entire Estate.
A contest was filed yesterday to the will
of the late Oliver H. Baker, who died
February 21. leaving an estate exceeding
$15,000 In value. Olive H. Kennedy, Wil
liam J. Kennedy Jr. and Mary Kennedy,
minors. by their guardian, Mary A.
O'Brien, Thomas E. Haven and Mary A.
O'Brien, as executor and executrix, re
spectively, and a3 trustees under dece
dent's alleged last will, appeared as con
testants, all being Interested In the liti
gated estate. .
As grounds of contest it Is averred that
the will offered for probate by the pro
ponent was executed by the deceased
through undue influence exerted over him
by Mrs. Howard W. Caldwell. the sole de
visee and legatee mentioned in the testa
ment, to which the contest was filed..
— ; ■ » »
A Spanish bull fighter's fee for a special
performance is about I*oo9 peseta* . . „ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAECH 15, 1899.
BLUECOATS AND
PATROL WAGONS
AT THE TRACK
Bookmakers Were
Forced to Retire.
NEW ORDINANCE ENFORCED
..;; :i'-s.Vw ■-« ■'■'■-' ". : -"-. >■■■
OPEN BETTING STOPPED AFTER ;
THE SECOND RACE.
Winners Were Easy to Pick and the
Talent Mourned — Bookmakers
Jones and Shaen Placed
Under Arrest.
The hot time that is promised -when
! Dewey comes home will be like an equa
! torial calm when compared With the tur
: bulent few hours spent by the race goers
at Ingrleside track yesterday afternoon.
< There was much trouble in the house of
Corrigan, and for the first time in the
: history of California racing, a squad of
stalwart policemen held possession of the
betting ring. The detailed story of the
I trouble appears In another column.
The rainfall left the track in a slushy
! condition, and as the fields were well
■ balanced, bettors and bookmakers alike
regretted the day's doings. " Hard luck
. stories there were In plenty. Many got
: in wrong over the result of the first two
: events, and were positive they could have
beaten the other four. These post-mor
tem specialists may have been right, as
four straight choices headed their fields
past the stand.
Backed from 10 to 5. Ping, ridden by
Ivy Powell, won all the way in the open
' ing mile and a sixteenth event, rim, the
favorite, finished second, six lengths be
: fore Annowan.
Fog obscured all view of the two-year
old scramble. The Convert and Florentia
: coupled had first call in the. betting. The
first named managed to show. Mounte
bank, piloted by the king-pin two-year
old rider, Mike Hennessy, at 4 to 1, led
i Sisquoc over the line nearly two lengths
The seven-furlong selling affair proved
I only a pipe-opener for the favorite, Trux
! illo. Hughey Jones' horse splashed in
several lengths in advance of %V idow I
I Jones, with Cavallo a close third.
The mile selling run went to Sardonic,
I even if she didn't rightfully belong there.
Caspar made a fine front run, only to be
beaten the last part, chiefly through the
i weak effort of Romero, a novice
\ poor sendoff lost the flve-furlong
sprint for Ach, favorite in the hand |
books. The colt made a good run, but
could not quite get up to Good Hope,
i who won by over a length.
Ed Lanigan thought his big horse Rubi
con, allotted 112 pounds, a good thing ior
! the mile handicap, and the chestnut was
a prominent favorite In what betting was
done. Bendoran, carrying 120 pounds and
Spencer, led him from start to finish, win
; ning with something in reserve. The
other starters were beaten off.
♦-
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Four furlongs: two-year-olds.
1 SlsGu«o 1051 817 Daniel 104
799 Glissando 104, 752 Lomond 11l
Sls Alary's Garter. .lol 1 813 Palapa 101
630 Nina. 1031
Second Race— Short course steeplechase.
755 Ld Chesterfleld.l4l! SOS Vanity 125
(805)Ou'r Climate 155 1 805 Huntsman 14 i
■ 805 Monita US.'
Third Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
; year-olds; Occidental Stakes.
759 Ella Boland 110 Sl7 Bamboulla 103
(774)Morbld 105 Jls Winy ah 100
; 636 Jennie Rlley 100: 606 St. Anthony 105
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling.
812 Crosemollna .... 32 812 Jingle Jingle.... 52
818 Cavallo 108 804 Magnus 101
(757)Rtcardo 10* 804 Winifred ...... MB
802 Gold Fin 93 702 Master Buck.... 90
814 Greyhurst 104 771 Chappie ...-. 104
619 Kamsln 104 750 Novia 99
68! Petrarch 104
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; sell
| Ing; three-year-olds. and upward.
807 Morinel 98 394 Los Medanos 106
• 803 Llmewater 96 1 791 Survivor ........102
734 Red Glenn 1041 SO9 Ad. Spreckels.-.lOt
' Sixth Race — Six furlongs; selling.
'• 737 Pat Murphy ...-104 (786)E1 Salado 103
(743)Montanus 105 (761)D0n Gara 107
820 Tony Licaizl....lol SO2 Rio Chico 100
756 Heigh Ho 95 «13) Ed Gartland 105 }
I (W2)Jlnks 102: 771 Montallade. 104 I
j 797 Wyoming 104 ... Selenlte 101
Selections for To-Day.
' First Alarms Garter, Lomond, Nina-
Second Race— Vanity, Lord Chesterfield, Mo- :
: nlta.
Third Morbid, Jennl* Riley, Ella i
Boland.
Fourth Race — Greyhurst, Kamsin.
Fifth Race— Adolph Spreckels, Survivor, Los j
Medanos.
Sixth Race— Jinks, Wyoming. Montanus.
MBS. FENNELL DIVORCED.
, Secures a Decree on the Ground of
Desertion — Other Mismated
Couples.
Mrs. Amanda' J. Marceau-Fennell se
i cured a divorce from her husband, Gerald j
• M. Fennell. yesterday on the ground of
desertion. Judge Hunt ordered the decree ■
entered after the examination of Mrs. i
i Fennell. The marriage of the plaintiff to I
I Fennell, following close upon her divorce
from Colonel Marceau, attracted consid
erable attention; but shortly after the j
honeymoon the couple drifted apart. Mrs.
Fennell endeavored to secure a divorce i
i from her husband in tbe courts Of Fresno, j
1 but a decree was denied on the ground of i
i collusion. Fennell, after the conclusion
' of this suit, left for the East, and as he
: made no contest to the action determined
yesterday there was no alternative for
1 the court but to grant the decree.
Elise Hanson has been granted a dl
! vorce from Francis M. Hanson on the
' grounds of failure to provide and cruelty, j
Mary P. Bennett has secured a divorce
from Charles S. Bennett on the ground j
of desertion. Susan Batchelor was grant
ed a divorce from Lorenzo D. Batchelor
on the ground of infidelity.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Anna E. McVlcker against Alexander Mc
! Vlcker on the ground of infidelity; Mary
Bellegade against Jean Bellegade for
! cruelty. Isabelle Campbell against David
! Campbell for desertion; Kate Stoltz
! against James Stoltz for infidelity, and
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___________»
j[ If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y^ ![
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER, ][
i t
* j Insist Upon Receiving 0
Hanyadi J&bos
| > BATIRAL APERIEST WATER, ' < '
i the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs < [
i > of Hungary, owned by < >
| ANDREAS SAXLEHNER/ ?
] ! Budapest. <[
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, March 14, 1899. — Fifty
seventh day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
EDWIN F.
__. 1 __ FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
OIO* purse, ****■■ * _ '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std. .
%m. Vim.
%m-
Str.
Fin.
647 Ping. 4 113! 3
782 Ulm, 3 8S 1
804 Annowan, 4 103; 7
801 Henry C, 4 103! 2
810 Rapldo, a 114' «
793 Glengaber. 3 89! 5
798 Solstice, 3 99 4
1 1
5 2
7
3 1
6 1
4 VS
JH
1 4
5 1
7
3 4
a 4
4 h
22
13
5 1
7
33
5 2
62
2 2
18
2 Vi
a Vi
4 Vi
5 1
1
3 h
1 1 Powell
2 6 J. Relff
3 h Ellis
4 8 Jones
5 4 Romero
6 20 Bassinger ....
7 jMcNlchola ...
:::*-::: 5
9-10 4-5
I 6 12
i 6 9
20 40
3 18-5
I 20 30
Time— 1-16, :C6%; 5-16. :31H: 9-16. :57H: 13-18, 1:24H: mile. 1:45*.: 1 1-16 miles. 1:51. Win-
ner W. B. Coffey's b. h. by Imp. Maxim-Music Good start. Won" first three driving.
Ping was allowed to open up too much of a gap. Solstice won't do in muddy going.
Annowan is rounding to. For some reason Relit took the favorite back. -~>
Q|***T SECOND RACE— Four furlongs: maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
799 Muntebank 110 •
774 Sisquoc 103 ..
... The Convert 110 ..
774 Glga 105!..
661 Tom Sharkey 1001..
799 Bamboulla 10S'..
799 Tanobe 110..
815 Daniel 113 ..
... Sir Hampton 113..
781 Fiorentla --__--
799 El Arte 108 --
799 Matt Horn-in 105!..
690 Rose of Hllo 110 ..
...
•
•
1 hi IHennessy ....
2 3 (Mead
3 2 i Spencer
4 2 Gray
6 hi McXichols ...
6 Bassinger ....
7 |L_oullier .......
8 {Jones
9 IRutter
10 !l. Powell
11 !Macklln '
12 'Ellis
13 jW. Xarvaez..
3
10
8-5
6
10
6
8
6
4
t
6
6
25
4
20
1
8
12
6
15
10
t
15
I 10
40
•Fog. tCoupIed with The Convert. .^1 ' _ '_. . --'_._..__
Time— :5l. Winner, Miles Flnlan's ch. c. by Montana-Pert. Good start. Won flrst three
driving.
Fog obscured a view of the horses.
Scratched— Tail 110. Tar Hill 108. V .
O|0 THIRD RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
792 Truxillo. 5 111! « 2 3 • •- . IS 15 H. Martin 1 4-5
792 Widow Jones. 5 106! 7 6 2 122 Jones 0 8
685 Cavallo. 6 108 4 5 3 2 3 4 Hahn 5 8
810 Einstein. 4 105! 1 4 2 «H 4 2 Bassinger.... 3 4
685 Robert Bonner, 5.. .110 5 Jt. 5 151 iHennessy .... 2 3
S10 Mainbar. 4 -..-.105 3 12 6 6 2 Ellis.... 10 li
810 Adam Andrew, 5.. .111 2 7 7 .6 X Powell 6 10
711 Claudlana, 5 106 8 '8 .8 8 [Rutter , 10 20
792 Tnixillo. 5 Ill «
792 Widow Jones. 5 106! 7
6S5 Cavallo. 5 108 4
810 Einstein. 4 105 1
6?.' Robert Bonner, -....110] 5
810 Mainbar. 4 ....1051 3
R10 Adam Andrew, 5... Ill i
711 Claudlana. 5 106 : 8
2 3
6
5
4 2
3 H
12
8
•
•
:::
...
1 3
2 1 ■
3 2
4 4
5 1
a
_J
1 5
2 2
3 4
4 2
5 1
6 2
78
8
H. Martin
Jones !
Hahn I
'Basslnger ,... !
Hennessy —
lEllis ..'
I. Powell
JRutter ;
*Foir
Time— H. :2SV4: hi. "50: H. 1:02%: T-. 1:31. Winner. H. L. Jones & Co.'a b. h. by Are no-
Miss Leon. ' Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving. _--'■■■«■_•*-___■
The favorite was at home in the going. Einstein probably likes dry footing. Bonner
sulked. Adam Andrew ran a bad race. « :•:
Scratched— Stan Powers 105, Amelia Fonso 10*.
OIQ FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
him.
him.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
813 Sardonic. 4 105 3
792 Caspar. R -.114! 2
MS Rey Hooker, 3 9*1 5
802 The Fretter. 3 941 6
804 Jennie Reid, 3 93! 4
673 Balllsta. 3 1071 7
£04 Bonnie lone. 4 105! 1
SOS Tom Calvert. 4 IPS' 3
5 Vi
1 2
. 2 2
3 h
4 Vi
7 4
lb
8
6 h
1 3
8 hi
S h
» Vi
4 Vi
7 3
8
2 1
1 hi
4 2
3 2
6 4
5 2
7 5
8
1 h
2 5
3 I
4 2
f- ".
6 1
7 5
8
1 % IH. Martin.....
2 2 Romero
3 3 J. Relff
4 4 IMcN'lchols ...
5 3 iLoullter
I 2 IRutter
7 5 lEllis
8 Jones
8-5
6
4
10
2
3
6
3
6-5
8
4
10
3
3
10
6
Time— 1 ;. ;_•*.: hi. -Mi "J, 1:16%; mile, 1:43H- Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. m. by Morello-
imp Sardonyx. Good start. Won flrst three driving.
With better handling Caspar might have won. The winner outfooted first part.
Scratched— McFartane 109. Espionage 101, Don Luis 105. Gllberto 91.
Qf»A FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs: selling: three- year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Vim.
-.4 m.
Str.
803 Good Hope, 3 1041 1
751 Ach. 3 1071 7
786 Flora Hawk. 4 114! 4
750 Tony Llcalzl, 4 1161 5
" 777 a;, 5....." 120! 3
750 La Maroma, 4 114! 2
783 Midas, a 123; 6
IH
4 4
2 3
5 2
3 H
6 3
7
i 2
34
1 %
53
4 2
6 2
7
1 1
2 4
3 2
51
4 h
6 3
7
1 IH E. Jones
2 6 IH. Martin
3 p. j Macklln
4 Vi (Ellis ;.
5 1 IHennessy ....
6 3 'Rutter
7 .Glover
8-5
1
C
10
10
8
8
3-2
1
«
10
10
8
6
Time— Vi, :24: %. :3«: H. 1:01%. Winner, B. Schrelber's ch. f. by Colonel Clark-Grati-
tude. Good start. Won flrst three driving. ' » -i_
Good Hope is a warm article in the slush. F Ior_t Hawk ran a great race. She could
have won with a few pounds less weight.
Scratched— Gold Fin 107. Paul Griggs 123. • .
QQ| SIXTH RACE— One mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
: St.
Km.
%m.-
Str.
Fin.
(357) Bendoran, 4 120 4
(80S) Rubicon, a 112 3
808 Cromwell, 6 103- 2
KM Ollnthua, 3 96 1
813 Roadrunner. a 881 6
803 Sam McKeever. 3... SSj 5
[557. Bond-ran. 4 120' 4 1 thi 12 11 1% 11 Spencer 4-5 1
803) Rubicon, a 112 3 2 5 2 8 110 2 8 28 Rutter 6-5 4-5
808 Cromwell « 103! 2 3 •_ 32 36 36 3 6 H. Martin ' 6 10
803 Ollnthus, 3 96 1 45 42 46 46 4 8 J. Relff j 6 15
813 Roadrunner. a 8816 6 6 6 515 8 Bassinger .... 8 20
803 Sam McKeever. 3... 96? 5 5 H 5 V» 5 1 6 ■'. 6 Smith | 6 13
12*.
2 5
3 Vi
4 5
6
5 H
12
2 8
3 2
4 2
6
5 hi
1 1
2 10
36
4 «
6
5 1
1 Mi
2 8
3 6
4 «
5 1
6
1 1
2 6
3 6
4 8
5 8 "
6
Spencer j
Rutter '
H. Martin !
J. Relff j
' Bassinger ....I
Smith I
Time— M :25_: hi. :MH; %. 1:15; mile, 1:42. Winner, W. B. Jennings' ch. h. by imp.
Sir Modred-'imp. Oran. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Looking all out once, Bendoran won easily at the wire. Rubicon was heavily played.
Others didn't fancy the mud. A light boy cannot manage Ollnthus.
Carrie McLennan against James A. Mc-
Lennan for desertion.
SHQWER OF
SHINING TWENTIES
Two Lucky Men.
Constable J. P. Miller will tell you that It ;
is a very fine thing, indeed, to be born under
a lucky star. It Is all because he invested
la a 25-cent ticket of the "Original Little ;
Beneficiencia Publica Co." of San Fran-
Cisco that has brought him in the tidy ,
sum of $1250. Yesterday Mr. Geo. G. j
Gauld. representing that company, as ;
well as the "Original Little Honduras
Co " was in Grass Valley and delivered
to Mr Miller the sum above mentioned.
Mr Gauld will next visit Carson to de- j
liver to another lucky investor in his
company the sum of $37d0.— Morning
Union, Grass Valley, Cal.
The lucky holder of the capital prize in
Carson City, Nev,, was Mr. Jos. Platt of;
the firm of Jos. Platt & Co., dealers in
clothing and gents' furnishing goods, and
a most respected citizen of that place.
The prize was promptly paid by Geo. G. ;
Gauld & Co.. room 617. 328 Montgomery
street, San Francisco. CaK •
Bankers Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the Ttalian-
Amerlcan Bank were filed with the
County Clerk yesterday. The directors
are A. Sbarboro. H. J. Crocker, P. C.
Rossi. Sandford L. Goldstein. P. Barblerl.
A Merle Charles A. Malm. Charles J.
Welsh and Dr. Paolo de Vecchi. The capi
tal stock of the banking corporation Is
$500 000 all of which has been subscribed.
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
Francisco— Drawln & March 11, 1899.
So *3 785 wins $7500, sold in San Francisco:
No » 513 wins $2000. sold in San Francisco;
No" 19093 wins $1000. sold in San Francisco:
No 36 079 wins $500, »old in Petaluma; No«.
44.823 and 76.161 each win $250, sold in San
Francisco and Sacramento; Noa. 16.374. 2a 201,
75 163 M 679 and 55.694 each win $100, sold in
«an Francisco. Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont
gomery street, San Francisco. Cal. •
Twenty Years in Prison.
The judgment and order of the lower
court In the case of Frederick Grlner has
been confirmed by the Supreme Court.
Oriner was convicted of murder in the
second degree for having killed a man
named Stmoni in Sonoma County, and
was sentenced to twenty years in prison.
The finest clubrooms In the city are at
the Metropole, 773 Market street. Don't
forget to call In and see them. •
The Supreme Court of the State of New
York has decided that title to land does
not Include necessarily the sky above it.
REGENTS FAIL
TO SELECT A
NEW PRESIDENT
Kellogg Will Finish
the Year.
No inclination was shown by the re
gents of the University of California at
their meeting yesterday to appoint a suc
cessor to President Kellogg, whose resig
nation takes effect on charter day, the
26th of the present month. The matter
was slightly discussed during; the execu
tive session of the board, but out of def
erence to Governor Gage the settlement
of this important matter was postponed
until after the Legislature adjourns,
when, it is said, the chief executive will
be present to express his views on the
subject.
As the university would be without a
head within a few weeks. President Kel- i
logg was requested to act in his regular '
capacity until the end of the academic '
year, which will close about July 1. Re
gent Arthur Rodgers is at present in the ,
East in search of a suitable educator to
look after the destinies of the big :nstitu
tlon. When he returns he will in all prob
ability bring the solution of the vexing
problem.
Dr. Pardee of Oakland, the newly ap- ',
pointed member of the Board of Regents, i
took his seat at the meeting yesterday
and paid particular attention to the busi
ness of the board.
During the meeting the members
| showed signs of nervousness. It was due
: to the fact that a piece of cardboard five
by twelve inches at the right of the chair- '
! man's seat stared them in the face and ;
| told of the number of meetings attended !
by each member. It was a brilliant idea
of the secretary of the board. Pink I
splurges here and there on the poster
denoted that a special meeting was held
on a certain day. A heavy black dia
mond showed that a member had re- ■
; mained away from a meeting. As the re- •■
; gents are busy men and are frequently :
absent, the card bore a close resemblance
to a checker board. It was thought that
Regent Hellman carried off the prize, he '
having twenty-three diamonds opposite I
his name, but last on the list was James j
A. "Waymire, with five more. Regent I
Reinstein loudly complained of the eight ;
marks charged again tst his name. He
stated that he had attended every meet- !
ing of the regents while he was in the
city, and while on a visit to Europe he
was granted leave of absence. The sec- I
retary was Instructed to examine the rec
ord and make the necessary correction.
As it now stands the record of non-at- ; '
tendance for the twenty-four regular and
the twelve special meetings held during
the past two years is as follows:
Regents Kellogg 0, Budd 7, Foote 7, Hal- i
lidle 1, Hellraan 23. Houghton 5, Martin 6, i
Miller 15, Phelan 8, Pheips 2, Reinsteln 8,
Rowell 22, Rodgers 18, Slack 14, "Wallace
10 and Waymire 28.
Despite his age. President Kellogg never '
missed an attendance during that pro- '
longed period. This fact was favorably i
commented on by a number of the re
pents.
Before the board went into executive
session a report submitted by Mr. De- /
nlcke on the condition of the Flood es- •
tate at Menlo Park was read. It was to !
the effect that choice plants and shrubs
have been sadly neglected during .the past
three years, and that the beautiful
grounds should either be preserved or al- ;
lowed to deteriorate into farming land.
When Miss Flood turned over the mag
nificent property to the university she
also gave four-fifths of her stock In the
Bear Valley Water Company for its
maintenance. John J. Heir, auditor of *
jja c board, Us Jjfesa exaiTUgfog $iie te.oksj
■
of the corporation and all money found
to be available from the income of the
stock held by the university is to be used
In the preservation of the property. As
the property cannot be rented by ag-ents
in this city, photographs of the place will
be taken and forwarded to the East with
a view to finding a tenant.
Professor Lewis of the department of
physics was granted leave of absence for
a year, as he is going to Europe.
A communication received from the se
nior class of '99 was read. It was a re
quest for the return of half the diploma
fee deposited by its members In 1595, as
they desire to use it for class day.
Regent Hallidie of the finance commit
tee objected to returning ,£he amount
which he said would aggregate $1000. He
moved that the request be denied. Re
gent Budd stated that it only cost $3 for
a diploma, and as the students deposited
$10, the balance should either be returned
or. as in the past, the class be allowed
$400 to defray expenses. The matter was
laid over until the next meeting, as a
month's notice must be given in such
cases. Regent Budd obeyed the rule and
asked that that sum be allowed the grad
uating class to properly conduct its exer
cises.
The committee on buildings and grounds
asked for $1500 to carry on repairs and
Improvements. The committee was
granted $150 a month until the Ist of July,
when the new budget will be made up.
In the discussion that followed the re
quest for money. Regent Budd said that
the committee must have money, and in
timated that the board would have to cut
off some salaries in order to have enough
funds to carry on the work, and he pro
posed to suggest it soon. Regent Halll
dle stated that even if a whole depart
ment was cut out there would be a de
ficit of $3» to $700 a year. "It is better."
he said, "to destroy a limb of the uni
versity than to impair the usefulness of
the whole structure."
Professor Fowler, conductor of Farm,
ers' Institute, was allowed $25 a month
additional salary beginning the first of
February.
Professor Slade was granted $100 from
the AVhiting fund to carry on the work
of his department.
It Is probable that the site opposite the
Lick school, corner Sixteenth and Utah
streets, will be purchased by the board
and the Wilmerdmg school erected on it.
The Alhambra.
At the Alhambra this -week "Dewey, the
Hero of Manila," is presented to the usual
larpe house ■which the play has been
drawing ever since it was put on. The
songes by Florence Renland were partic
ularly pleasing and the popular ditty by
Charles Swains is so well received that
he is obliged nightly to respond with an
encore. "La Belle Marie" will be put on
next week and the company is busy re
hearsing for its production. In this play
Agnes Herndon will make her first ap- j
pearance. ' [
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured His Rupture
After Suffering Fifteen Years a
Maine Citizen Recovers.
Remarkable Discovery of a . New
Healing System.
People who have been ruptured for some ■
years generally settle down to the notion that ■
they must end their lives in suffering. Usually
they have tested all sorts of cures and trusses
MR. WALTER J. COLBY, Brunswick. Me.
and give up at last in despair. But now
comes a new plan, a radically different sys-
tem which say 3 positively that any kind of a
rupture, old or recent, bad or slight, can be
cured completely and permanently in a very
short time. The experience of Mr. Colby is {
cited as an evidence of what the new plan J
will accomplish. Mr. Colby was badly rup- j
tured. For fifteen years he lived In constant
dread of strangulation. He tried everything
known in the truss line and still his rupture
was there just as it had been for fifteen years, ;
worse if anything. Some one called his atten- j
tion to the so-called Dr. Rice system, but he j
was skeptical. He sent for an explanation of ;
the plan, and this so appealed to his experi-
ence and sense of the fitness of things that ,
he could not resist the Impulse to try It, skep-
tical as he was.
• The results have more than met expectations,
for not only was hts severe rupture returned j
into the abdomen and securely held there, but j
the cure was absolutely perfect and permanent,
enabling him in a few short weeks to do any j
kind of work without fatigue, bother or feel- |
ing that he had ever been ruptured. It is a
home cure. No pain nor danger can possibly
happen. A person won't lose a moment from
work. There is no operation of any kind and i
the plan is so certain to cure that every rup- j
tured person ought to know all about It. Dr.
Rice has prepared an illustrated book telling
about his discovery in a most convincing man-
ner. He sends the book free to all. Write
for it. If you know others who are ruptured !
tell them to write for this free book, or do
bo yourself. It will be an act of kindness
which they will appreciate. Write to Dr. "W.
S. Rice, 41SC Main St., Adams, N. T.
|J "Popular because they are RIGHT." M
6a *^* BICYCLES KJ
I $40. I
■THOS. H. B. YARNEY, Market* IOth.S.F. I
H OPEK WEDNESDAY ASP SATUEDAY EYEIETCS gj
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i [
I ' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
1 1 days ;no other treatment required. 5 .
5 " Sold by all druggists. >
PCftlAkMtcrt Eadlafc OUmsi<l Brut --
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-CS Original and Only Geoatn*. A
* ,/TKN »«ri. i:*tri nllsbl*. LAsica ut fiTV
F*jS\ \ MA I>r«iit«t tor Chiclutter , JgnaiUh £ia-/?vL
h* kli'Jr&L. ' ' i Brand ia Be 4 ud Gold meU!lie\^S?
"Vv — TwlßbcxM. i<*:ad with bl»« rtSb«a. Take VSr
I*l '*■* <S$! O# other. Jlrfiue ianf ero*s nAttitif V
I" / "~ - JjftitfuanA tmitatioiu. AtDntglitj.er««B44a >
I t- JJf la iua;i for sartlemltri, (tittsaaUl* %m»
\V* D " Kcllof r*r La4!e«." <n MUr, kr rttin
■X gf Mall. 1O,O«© TenlaooUU. JT«u Par*.
— •rCk!.»>^«t*rChMiUs«lC»..Jl s 4l»o«i S«mar^
ttU hy all Uemi dracgUU. ' PHTI.\I»A-. I'A"
f^L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A^jaJO f>2.~ HEABXY ST. Established
fi^fff^ffil In * 854 for the treatment of PrivMs
n i h, ■!■ Diseases, Lost ilanhcKxl Debility or
ja| '^^ disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin DiseaaifS. Thedocu>rcureswh*n
gVWBJBma others fall. Try him. Charges low
VSHHirareifiiaraDtrrd. C&llorwrita, .
2>r. J , l\ iiIBUQX, Bos 1307, ssaa F raaciscu
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
i HEART DISEASE.
' SOME FACTS REGARDING THE RAPID IN-
: CREASE OF HEART TROUBLES.
i '■-■;
-
Do Not Be Alarmed, but Look for
: the Cause.
I Heart troubles, at " least among the
- Americans, are certainly increasing, and
I while this may be largely due to the ex-
J [ citement and worry of American business
. life. It is more often the result of weak
i stomachs, of poor digestion.
i Real organic disease Is incurable; but
I not one case in a hundred of heart trouble
' j is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
, i and poor digestion is because both organs
I are controlled by the same great nerves,
» the Sympathetic and Pneumogastric.
• ! In another way, also, the heart is af-
| j fected by the form of poor digestion,
• i which causes gas and fermentation from
- , half digested food. There is a feeling of
: j oppression and heaviness in the chest
1 j caused by pressure of the distended stom-'
\ I ach on the heart and lungs, interfering
'. \ with their action; hence arises palpitatioa
■ j and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
; i making it thin and watery which irritates
■ and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
i trouble is to improve the di^stlon and to
■ Insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use
i after meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's
i Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be found
1 at most drug stores and which contain
1 valuable, harmless digestive elements in
' a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to say that the regular persis-
tent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
i meal time will cure any form of stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
Full sized package of these tablets sold
1j by druggists at 50 cents. Little book on
j stomach troubles mailed free. Address
F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE.
y*^ zfcti Jfea
TO-MORROW.
t THURSDAY MARCH If
At 11 a. m..
AT NE. CORNER OF HARRISON AND SIX-
TEENTH STS.
By order of MR. J. GOLLOBER.
We will sell the entire plant recently owned
by one of the largest contractors In the city,
being a complete outfit consisting of Horses.
4 Buggies, Sand Wagons, Dump Carts, Scrapers
■ and Railroad Tracks; also complete outfit of
Blacksmith Shop, Tools, Drills and Wagon Ma-
! terial of all kinds; also a new 4- Wheel Dump
Wagon. No reserve. Sale positive.
SULLIVAN &' DOYLE,
/•>-• Livestock Auctioneers. ;
■ Office, 527 Sixth st.
CROCKERY AND HARDWARE
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 11 a. m.,
520 TAYLOR ST., NEAR POST.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 667 Market st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1 l- Steamers leave Broadway
■^^^ wharf, San Francisco:
SsSSSBik For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
«lsKSe»k Mar 12, 17. 22. 27; Apr. l:
gTfeSgVViSn change at Seattle.
ffitiTgl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
* :^£<^E\ I **■)• Port Townsend. Seattle.
'^*^E2 H& Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
* , and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Mar. li. 17. 22. !
i 17: Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter::
: change at Seattle to this company's steamers
I for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), J p. m.. Mar.
I 10. 15, 20, 25. 30; Apr. 4. and every fifth day
j thereafter.
For Santa Cru*. Monterey, San Simeon,
' Cayucoa. Port Harford 'San Luis Oblspo).
' Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ana
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9, 13. 17. 21, 23. 29; Apr. .
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dtego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15, 19. 23, 27. SI: Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter. *r,--£ - . ■' -v«
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 10;
April 6. ;
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
' without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
j and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta.
- lV ; . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
I THE 0. R, & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND ;
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC SI 2 First Class Including Berth*
rnnC 58 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19. 29; April
8, IS. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in - the Northwest.
: Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent. . :
630 Market street.
: GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent. "
HBHUIU si ALAMEDA*
\3 fts Strait eall9 Tla Honolulu and'
»|?Hfla2«* Auckland for Sydney
PmmmuMtH Wednesday. March 22.
Hj t Jllilr sails via Honolulu and'
iw^ ■■■■■• Auckland for Sydney
L™ Wednesday, March 22.
5. — jT-V at 10 p. m.
SfwnrchmJ The S. S. Australia j
C)iMJIDIUy c/ Balls for Honolulu
• fn/HR?nll— Wednesday, April 5, j
\VJHWyi«B^ a t 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round th« World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India. Sues.
1 England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Art*. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics. !
(French Line)
i DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS -^se^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <3?^,
'at 10 a. m. J from Pier 42, North TWilW'
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE March IS
LA TOURAINE March 25
' LA NORMANDIE April 1
I LA CHAMPAGNE April 81
LA BRETAGNE April 15;
. First clasa to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per;
■■ cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
; AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
: J. F. FUOAZI St CO., Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG? calling at
' Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
! connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
' India, etc. No cargo received on board on day >
1 of sailing.
i HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 11
AMERICA MARC Saturday. May •
■ Round-trip tickets •at reduced rates. For
' freight and passage apply at company's office,
j 421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, FAEIS,
| From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul. February 2J!St. Paul March IS
fit. Louis March l l 3t. Loula March 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. U noon.
I Kensington.. ..Feb'y 15 Southwark March I
I Noordland Feb'y M Westernland.. March IS
i Frleslaad March 1 i Kensington.... March a
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pa*.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION. COMPANY.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
10 Montgomery 9t., ' *^V
BAY AND BIVEB ST r; A "VT^TISL
~FQB U. S. HAYY-YARDAHD YALLEJO~
Steamer "Monticello."
Mob. Tnes.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
nC »Tls, B. JO p. m. (ex. Tburs. night); Friday.
1 B m and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlsslon-st. Dock. Pi«r N*
I. Telephone. Main 1408. ' „
FARJ3 l |.....M.^ini""i' > "" > vH > itff' _*
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TWO YEARS
OF HARMONY
IS PREDICTED
Business Men Now
Feel Satisfied.
CONFIDENCE IN R. W. SNOW
HINSDALE MAY SUCCEED
HABBY THOMAS.
Nearly All the Candidates Elected
Monday Have Been Bewarded
for Their Faithful Serv
ices in the Fast.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 14.
Nature sympathized with public feeling
in this city to-day and materially helped
to sink politics in oblivion by washing
from every post and piece of fence thou
sands of cards bearing silent testimony
to the fact that there has just been an
election. Oakland is tired of elections.
and politics, and merchants especially are
glad that attention can now be devoted
to business for the nt-xt year.
Everybody is satisfied with the result
of yesterday's election. The new city
government will be in harmony with Its
various brunches— something that has not
been known in many years. Although a
Democrat will hold a seat on the Board
of Works, Mayor Snow and City Attor
ney Dow will control it, and there will
be such a Republican majority in the
Council that it will be perfectly useless
for the two .solitary candidates elected on
other tickets to try to accomplish any
thing, even should they desire it, con
trary to the wishes of the majority. The
whole municipal government will be re
sponsible to the party, and there is no
doubt that the city will derive marked
benefit from such happy conditions.
There will be no over the tax
levy or the fixing of water rates or any
public Improvement during the next two.
years, lor the various department.-- will
be forced to work on the same platform :
and an administration of progress may
be looked for.
Street Superintendent Miller probably
considers himself unfortunate in not be
ing elected City Engineer, but the gen
eral opinion is that he is a lucky man.
Mr. Miller has been Street Superintendent
four years, and ther.' has been a gen
eral d'eslre that ho should continue where
lie is. As a matter of fact, some of the
voters told him prior to election that if
they did not vote for him it would be
because they did not wish to see him
leave his present position. There is no
doubt he will not be disturbed and that
the street department will be as well
managed und-r the new administration as
in the past, and with far more harmony.
Mayor-elect Snow la not a programmer.
He is known to be very independent and
to' express his honest -convictions, even
when his political interests might be best
subserved by Bilence. Oakland feels sale
with Mr. Snow as Mayor, and certainly
his ten years' experience In the Auditor's
office has made him mom fitted for the
high position he will enter upon next
month than any other man who has ever
been Mayor of this city. Business in
ter< Bts cannot help but revive under
these conditions, for with a conservative,
progressive, intelligent and capable ad
ministration merchants will feel confident
that there will be no radical or improvi
dent move made that will tend to disturb
conditions most conducive to prosperity
The City Council will be composed of
men most" of whom have already been
experience in that body. Mne of the
eleven members are Republicans, and
were elected under such circumstances as
to euarantoe united action on all public
matters. Messrs. Cuvellier. Barstow,
Stetson. Mott. Girard. L'pton, Mees<\
Taylor and Rowe constitute the majority.
L, 'Schaeffer and C. Kramm are the mi
nority, although they may prove as use
ful in furthering public interests as the
others As eight votes are necessary to
override the Mayor on any measure,
there can be no friction on this point.
It would not be surprising if Mr Snow s
deputy in the Auditor's office, D. C. Hms
dale "should be appointed secretary of
the new Board of Public Works Mr
Hinsdale can hardly expect to be retained
under the new Auditor, against whom he
■was a competitor in yesterday's election.
•It is stated, however, that Mr. Snow and
Mr. Dow will vote to make Mr. Hinsdale
the successor of Harry Thomas.
One of the incidents of yesterday s
election was the practical test given to
the ballot machine invented by Mr. Ellis,
the well-known Livermore newspaper
proprietor. This machine was placed
near the voting booth in the City Hall
Precinct. There was no official character
,to the test, and all voters were invited to
patronize it. During the day 316 voters
recorded their choice, and the machine
■worked to perfection. The voters were
surprised at its simplicity, and during the
day it did not once get out of order.
While there is no means of comparing
the returns printed by the machine with
the official record of the precinct, because
everybody was at liberty to vote, the re
turns of the machine showed perfect ac
curacy in themselves. That 4s to -say,
the total number of votes cast for each
candidate agreed precisely with the total
number of votes cast, and a. comparison
of the ticket with the official ticket tends
to prove its accuracy. Five minutes after
the polls closed the complete returns from
this precinct were printed on the machine
and made public, and not until five hours
later were the official returns made.
The results of yesterday's election show
largely that there is a desire to reward
people who are faithful in office. Mr.
Snow was elected Mayor after serving
ten years faithfully as Auditor. Mr. Dow
' was elected to succeed himself as City
■ Attorney because of his fidelity to the
city's interests during the past four years.
Mr Breed was elected Auditor because
of his hard work as chairman of the
County Central Committee, which largely
contributed to the Republican success last
fall Mr. Miller's defeat was practically
a tribute to his good work in the Street
Department, where he will stay. The
election of Councllmen Cuvellier, Barstow,
Mott Girard. Upton and Rowe is a re
ward' for their past services in the Coun
cil and Treasurer Gilpin was elected be
cause of his honest administration for
six years in that office. The same prin
ciple followed the election of School Di
rectors and Library Trustees.
The figures from the Second v\ ard are
very interesting. Mr. Girard was elected
by about six to one over the man who
had vainly attempted to besmirch him in
his home ward. Mr. Woodward will vote
once more on a water ordinance and then
retire from public life. Out of about a
thousand votes in his ward just seventy
one made him their choice, and it. is note
worthy that in one precinct he received
Just eight votes, which is the exact num
ber of the election officers in that pre
cinct, which the Mayor appointed
Oakland will now willingly bid farewell
for a long time to primaries, campaigns
and elections.
PICTURE BRANDES AS
A TENDER FATHER
WITNESSES FOR DEFENSE TELL
OF HIS GOODNESS.
Wife of the Alleged Murderer Will
Go on the Stand This
Morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 14.
The Brandes murder trial has dragged
along eighteen actual days, and even now
it is a question whether this week will
see the end. However, Juror Seiben has
recovered and the taking of testimony
T-aB resumed to-day. . _ ,
JDr. £>. p. Crowley, expert forjhe de-j
fense. was again called to the witness
stand, undergoing a rigid cross-exam.na
tion. He stoutly maintained the tnoory
that Lillian Brandes did not die from
blows upon the head, but that death was
due to suicidal banging.
W. H. Friend, Oakland's Postmaster,
was called this afternoon and identified
two money orders for M in all that
Brandes had sent to his daughter while
she was in Santa Cruz. The prosecution
was willing to admit that the accused
had sent the money.
David Rambke, who assisted Brandes
as watchman in Berkeley, and who for
merly roomed in his employer's house,
testified that he heard no noises on -No
vember 16, and that Brandes was always
kind tc bis family.
Mrs. Catherine Kennedy, who has fre
quently visited the accused at the County
Jail, was next called by the defense, tes
tifying that Brandts had always shown
a fatherly tenderness for his daughter,
and that "on one occasion she had seen
Brandes take the girl buggy riding.
On cross-examination by Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Melvln Mrs. Kennedy ad
mitted that she moved from the Brandes
neighborhood before Lillian had come to
live with her mother, and that she hf.d
not seen them go buggy riding, but that
Mrs. Brandes had told her of this.
Mary A. Curley. a dressmaker who
takes orders for dyeing work, said she
met Brandes on November 12 last, when
he ordered a lady's coat dyed red. Later
she met Brandes In the County Jail,
where she frequently goes to do mission
ary work. At the latter time Brandes'
identification as the man who had given
her an order came as a revelation to her.
Mrs. Brandes will take the stand to
day. Her trial has been postponed one
week.
BERNARD M'DERMOTT
FOUND DEAD IN BED
OAKLAND, March 14.— Until August 4
of last year Bernard McDermott. a pio
neer merchant of this city, was prosper
ous, happy and free from all ills. On that
day, however, his store and contents on
Piedmont avenue were destroyed by fire,
and he sustained a shock from which he
never recovered. Often since the fire he
has complained of pains in the region of
his heart, and this morning at his home
on Eighteenth street he was found dead
in bed by his son Charles.
". ♦ .
William Calhoun Dead.
BERKELEY, March 1-I.— William A.
Calhoun, for many years active in the
journalism of the Pacific Coast, died here
last night-at the residence of Mrs. E. P.'
King, corner of Dwlerht way and Tele
graph avenue. Deceased was jG years
of age and a native of New York City.
CHOYNSKI, THE HEAVY
AND CLEVER PUNCHER
Fhe Very Popular Pugilist and Native Son
Will Soon Face the Spry McCoy
in Mechanics' Pavilion.
JOE CHOYNSKI. who is training for a fistic argument with "Kid" McCoy
on the evening- of the 24th lnst., is located at the Ingleside House, and
feels as confident of defeating the artful "Kid" as he is of entering the
ring when the time comes for the contest of hits and misses.
Eddie Graney, the particular friend and for many years admirer of
Choynskl. on being asked what he thought of the outcome of the battle, did
not hesitate a second in answering the question.
"Why, I can't see how McCoy can best Joe." said he. "I know that Mc-
Coy is faster than Joe, but he cannot land on him as easily as he landed on
Sharkey. Joe is as clever as the bost of them in blocking and ducking
swift blows, and when he lands you know that something must hit the floor.
Choynski is in better condition to-day than he has been in many years to
my knowledge. He was not feeling well when he met Sharkey: still he had
the 'sailor' on Quror street, and it would be hard to say what the result
would, have been had Joe not received that foul punch in the groin which
would have ended the fighting desire of any man who is not as game as a
pebble.
"Choynski. unlike the general ,run of pugilists, has never indulged in
liquors that intoxicate, and as a consequence he can boast of >a sound and
healthy constitution, notwithstanding his ten years' experience as a ring
general.
"McCoy cannot stand heavy punishment. His armor Is too light to re
sist heavy shot. He relies on fast traveling as a means of avoiding injury,
but, although he escaped the several shots that were aimed at him by the
sailor, nearly all of which fell short of their intended ma.rk, you can rest
assured that Joe will aim straight and land when the clever 'Kid' least ex
pects to receive a broadside.
"Sharkey hit McCoy only one good punch during their engagement and
it 'sunk the ship.' Now if short-arm Tom can rench McCoy, don't you
think that Joe can accomplish the same trick? You just wait and see how
some of those wise men who think that Choynski is a back number will open
their eyes when the game is finished. I will admit that McCoy ts as clever
as they make them, but Choynski Is also clever and a harder puncher, and
he will go the distance, too."
The following is a copy of the articles of agreement:
SAN FRANCTSCO. February 17, 1899.
It is hereby agreed between Norman Selby (Kid McCoy) and Joe Choyn
ski to box twenty rounds for a decision before the National Athletic Club, on
or about March 24, 1899, on the following conditions, to-wit:
First— We agree to box for 65 per cent of the gross receipts, the winner
to receive 65 per cent of said 65 per cent of the gross receipts and the loser
35 per cent of the said Go per cent of the gross receipts.
Second— We agree to box under Marquis of Queensberry rules, break
away clean, and no hitting in clinches.
Third— We agree to box at catchwelghts.
Fourth — We agree that it shall be optional with the principals to wear
bandages on their hands.
Fifth— We agree to select the referee 48 hours before the contest.
Sixth— We agree that the club physician may visit and examine the prin
cipals at their training quarters whenever he deems it advisable.
Seventh — We agree to report to the club the night of the contest In per
fect physical condition ready and willing to carry out this contest.
WM. A. BRADY, for Norman Selby.
E. M. GRANEY, for Joe Choynski.
J. J. GROOM, for the National Athletic Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
WHAT SHALL BE
DONE WITH THE
NEW COLONIES
Expansion Policy Is
Debated.
ARGUMENTS FOR AND
BEY. B. F. COYLE AND COL. JOHN
P. IBISH TAKE ISSUE.
One Strongly Upholds the Acquisi
tion of the Philippines, While
the Other Vigorously
Opposes It.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Before a large
audience to-night Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle
and Colonel John P. Irish debated the
subject of American expansion, with spe
cial reference to the Philippines.
Chairman S. H. Chamberlain explained
briefly the nature of the debate, which
was opened by Dr. Coyle, who is an ar
dent expansionist. In brief- the speaker
said:
"We are in a position to-day that is I
unique in American history. We have a I
duty to perform, and to neglect, it is to |
acknowledge the decadence of the repub
lic. The Philippines are under our car?
and the world is watching us. It is our j
duty to expand and we cannot— we dare |
not— avoid it. It is In the line of progress.
Is it not better for Great Britain to be j
in India? Is it not better for France to
be in Algiers? Would it not be better for |
America to be in the Philippines and in |
Cuba? Such movements always tend to j
MAYOR-ELECT R.W. SNOW
ON OAKLAND'S VICTORY
A LARGE minority vote was polled yesterday for my opponent, Mr. Da
vie, but I am persuaded that, If there could be an opportunity given
to-day, the voters would be quick to make my election practically unan
imous. Citizens are coming to see that there can be no success for Oak
land without harmony of purpose.
We have conducted the campaign fostering this idea. We are entering
upon an era of good feeling and pi-ogress will go hand in hand with us.
I desire to take this first opportunity to t-hank the press of this city and
San Francisco for powerful influence in behalf of the government-elect. We
need Its continued support. R- W. SNOW.
civilization. How any one can doubt that
the retention of the Philippines and the
placing of them under American rule will
tend to increase the measure of human
happiness it is difficult to conceive.
T 'There is no imperialism about it. Give
them a stable government, foster their
commercial and civil progress and in turn
they will become an embryo republic. Is
England to be left alone to civilize China,
or is she to have this great republic of
the West to assist in that great task and
to share the beneficial results? Provi
dence wills it that we shall do our duty.
When Kipling wrote of the white man s
burden he winged a shaft that flew di
rect to every American heart. Our energy
cannot be confined, it must expand. We
need the trade of those islands to help
solve the problem of the unemployed. It
Is a new experience, but never yet has the
crisis arisen that the man was not on
hand to cope with it. This is a time when
every true citizen should assume the God
imposed duty and help bear his burden
by standing loyally by our noble Presi
dent in his efforts to grapple manfully
with the great question of this hour."
Colonel Irish had not voiced his first
sentence before it was made plain that he
differed materially from Dr. Coyle in his
opinions. He said:
"In this hour of perplexity we seem to
have ignored our constitution and our
Declaration of Independence. It is as
sumed that the President can do as he
pleases with the Philippines. This is a
self-deception. He can do nothing except
carry out the wishes of Congress. This
is not a question of upholding an admin
istration. It is a question of American
policy. During the past six months a
complete change has come over the mind
of the American people, and after some
sober consideration the nation's mind will
find its level again.
"It is doing so quickly, even now. This
expansion nuestion is a novelty. If the
views of Senator Morgan, that a system
or' expansion is to prevail, we shall soon
have to apologize for the constitution
and the Declaration of Independence. W e
cannot buy the Philippines from SDain
and govern them under a constitution
that declares 'All Governments derive
their just powers from the consent of the
governed.' Filipinos don't want our
Government, and just now we are fight
ing them under the guise of civilizing
them and offering them tho Bible and t!i"
rifle with thf threat that if they do not
take the former they will get the con
tents of the latter.
"Tho first year of this experience will
cost us five hundred millions of dollars.
We are told that when peace is restored
we will fax the islands .■•ml get it all
back. What? Do what we chastised Ens
land for doing, for we hear nothing of
givinpr the Filipinos representation at
Washington. Every inch of territory we
have ever acquired has been by purchase,
or treaty with the red man. But now
we have suddenly changed. We can
never colonize those islands, for it has
been proved that no temperate zone pi • -
pie ever live to the third generation in
tropical climates. When this dream has
vanished, we shall probably decide to
learn a lesson from Spain-poor Spain.
Four hundred years ago her hidalgws and
nobles were clamoring for expansion.
Her people expanded and tried to found
colonies in the Philippines. Spain's ex
pansion led to concentration after wast
ing huge fortunes trying to do that which
all history has declared to be impossible
— establish a colony of temperate sone
people under a vertical sun. That is
what the expansionists are also trying
to do." ___________
AGAINST
OLD IN YEARS BUT
YOUNG IN HEART
MAN OF THREESCORE AND TEN
TAXES A BRIDE.
Edward Eccleston Marries Miss
Fanny Mary Averell. Who Is : <
Half a Century Old.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park street, March 14.
Edward Eccleston and Fanny Mary
Averell were married this evening at 1229 j
Regent street. The ceremony was per- i
formed by Rev. Edward Bccleston of |
Fresno, a nephew of the groom. Mr. Ec
cleston has been on earth the allotted
"three score and ten," while his bride has i
enjoyed just half a century of life. The i
wedding took place at the home of Mrs. I
Rebekah Mosher, aged 80 years, a sister j
of the groom's first wife. Mrs. Ecclestan ;
has been Mrs. Mosher's housekeeper, and
it was while acting in this capacity that
she met her husband. Mrs. Mosher acted j
as bridesmaid, while James Eccleston, :
aged 84, filled the bill as best man. Only |
the immediate relatives of the couple at
tended the wedding. '
- Mr Eccleston, the groom, is a pioneer
of the State. He crossed the plains in
1849, and later took a trip back East by i
the same route. In the early fifties he
passed through Death Valley, and was a
member of the party that discovered Yo- I
semite Valley. He is a brother-in-law of |
Julius Chester, the well-known writer on \
agricultural subjects. Mr. Eccleston owns j
considerable property in the vicinity of
Bakerslleld and in Butte C6unty.
When seen this evening the aged bene
dict stated that he did not see anything
funny or unusual in plunging into matri- |
mony at his stage of life. The bride re
fused to discuss the nuptials. The aggre- j
gate age of the four old folks who played •
the principal parts in the ceremony is 284
J When Mr. Eccleston paid for the mar
riage license this afternoon he asked the
Deputy County Clerk if the office did not
give trading stamps, and was much dis
appointed when informed that it did not,
as he stated he expected to use them in
securing a present for his bride.
1 ■ ♦ » 1
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,.
P Sick, Mexico Miss .1 Pollak, S Diego
| J \V Willard, MariposaH McKlnney & w. Pa
E C Voorheia, Cal Miss J Lewis, Pittsbrg
T T Williams. Cal !R H Tucker, Cal
X S Dickinson, NY IJ Garwood. Stockton
I M Marcus, Chicago |W Van Reypen. w, DC
; W F Donovan. Chicago |C B Kaufman & w, Oal
F A Chamberlain & w.i Mrs J S Ojfden, N V
Minnesota Miss H Patton. NY
S H Anderson, PasarlenJMlss L. R Carr, Durhm
W H Smith, Pasadena T W White & w, Ohio
E Cahn, New York J H Mills, Mont
J H Conrad. Montana S Morgan. U S N
R J Waters. Lob Ang E M Putcher, N J
P A Rogasner, Chicago F T Dwyer, Sacto
G H Asseltlne. Mont F H Johneon. Chicago
J H Peyton. Spokane C X George &w,Ok T
B P Smith & — , N V Mrs Mcl-ymont. Fresno
Mrs G de AJuria, N V Miss Oothout, Fresno
Miss de AJuria N V Mips F, Oothout, Fresno
J B Agen, Seattle J r> Butts, N V
G E Otis, Rfdlnnds X Hnndolph & w, Ariz
J H Shankland. L Ang H Hombnstcl. N V
T Flint & w, San Jose IT M Howetts, N V
Mrs Pollak, San Diego
GRAND HOTEL.
H Thorp. Sacto W O Hllbish, w & s,
Mrs S Runyon, Cal San Jose
F H Grefn. S Rafael W P Hussey, Ind
A 3 Davis, Coloaa Mrs X Lewis. S Rosa
H J Schmltz, Yolo Miss Lewis, S Rosa
W Nichols Jr, Dutch F J P Poindestre. S Jose
C H Ordway, Reno W W Van Arsdale &
Mrs E M Luckert.Utah w, CaJ
Mrs A La Land. Utah D W Woodbury. S Jose
E S Leaver & w, Utah P Fendleton, Saratoga
F W Bearing, w & d, jDr Stephen, Petaluma
New York |J C Gibbons, Stockton
A. j Davis, Colusa J H Earle, Cal
D L Mitchell. Idaho E T Mauzy &w, .Cal
C H Peters & w, Fort; Mis« H Mauzy. Cal
Madison W C "Waters, Spreckels
A H Hart, NY Dr C "W Kellogg. Cal
J H Meyers Sr, Ctigo M M Carothers & w,
Mrs E W Smiley. Pa TTklah
Miss J Smiley, Pa AH Lee, Denver
Mrs S Lenz, Chgro J Molera, Cal
L Zeltz, Chgo G H Lillencrantz, Oak
J BoKens. Chgo J M Elliott & w. Cal
J S Kellogg. Nebr J E Wolft, Portland
Mr McFarland. Mich I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S E Sewell, Vallejo I J M Wlilard. Pa
G A Hale &w, NY 'Mrs A S Condon, Cal
J C Charter, Fall Rlvr Mrs J Bates, Cal
J AYah!. NT I J F Jackson, Stoektn
A Renn, Palo Alto i S X Lemon, St Louis
G S Thomas. San Jose J Murtha. San Rafael
J Joost, Guernevllle E Gerisch, S Rufm-I
J A Howe, Fresno J C Brown, Louisville
W Sheehan. Uklah A de Annas, Ohio
T Devltt, San Josa
Votes for Winners.
OAKLAND, March 14.— The unofficial
figures on the leading candidates are as
follows:
Mayor— R. W. Snow 5721, John L. Davie
—A. H. Breed 4725, Edward
Hackett 2125, D. C. Hinsdale 2331.
Treasurer— Z. T. Gllpin 5993, J. E. Sal
pa ugh 3180.
Dr. J. P. McCarger, the Prohibition can
didate, who died last week, was given a
vote of 153. _ _ _
City Attorney— W. A. Dow, 5100, T. * .
Garrity 4831. , n _, _,
City Engineer— R. M. Clement 49-5, M.
K. Miller 4889. _ ...
Councilmen at large-B. C. Cuvellier
5463, Anson Barstow 5296, George R. Stet
son 4324, Charles Kramm 3426.
Ward Councilmen: First— F. K. Mott
418, W. C. Fletcher 296; Second— F. R. Gl
rard 1371. John Geary 861, W. W. Cameron
276; Third-M. W. Upton 879, D. \Y. Alden
195 E. W. Bavles 178; Fourth— Edwin
Meeae 514, J. J. Denahy 479, L. G. Wolf 210;
Fifth— Felton Taylor 683, M. Cleary lod,
X W Woodward 71; Sixth— L.. Schaffer
381, Miles Doody 316, George B M Gray
230; Seventh— H. D. Rowe 985, J. Walter
Scott 479.
The School Directors at large elected
wore: Dr. Myra Knox. H. A. Powell,
John Russ, W. F. B, Wakefleld.
Took an Overdose.
William Merino, a "hypo" fiend, took
an overdose of morphine In his room last
! night. He was taken to the Harbor Re
ceivinp Hospital, where restoratives were
administered. The doctors have but
slight hopes of his recovery.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 14.
Schr Roy Somers, Solland, 6% days from Port
Gamble. _ . .
Schr Maid of Orleans, Austin, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.^^^ pQRT
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived March 13— Stmr Mack
inaw, hence March 9; stmr Cottage City, from
AlaSka TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 14— Stmr Cuflc,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 14— Stmr Cevio,
for Liverpool; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
for Bremen; ■stmr Patria. for Marseilles.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery •*• _
No. 16, K. T.. 625 Sutter St.— Officers TjJB"
and members of this commandery are [ci|
■ hereby ordered to assemble at the tSB>
Asylum in full uniform on WEDNES- »
DAY. March 15, at 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of attending the funeral Of our late frater,
SIR WILLIAM KEYSER VANDERSLICE.
CHAS. L. FATTON, Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY at 1:30 i%
o'clock for the purpose of burying with )&J\
Masonic honors our deceased brother / V '
and former Treasurer, WILLIAM KEYSER
VANDERSLICE. Masons and members of
the Masonic Veteran Association are re-
spectfully invited to be present By order of
EDWARD F. DELGER, W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M., Chapter Hall, Masonic Temple— _jr»_
D. 1 THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- J^lf
ING, March 15, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^r>
order of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 160, F. and A. ■
M.— Specinl meeting THIS (WEDNES- _JV_
DAY) EVENING, March 15, at 7:30 TC3T
o'clock. First degree. . I^W >
THEO E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) ,-JV.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- iKlf
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. r^r^
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57, I. O. gk /*
O. F.— The officers and patriarchs will " yT "
assemble in Encampment Hall on S\
WEDNESDAY. at 1:30 p. m. to attends X
the funeral of our late Patriarch, W. K.
VANDERSLICE, at 2 o'clock.
C. M. WOOLEY, C. P.
H. E. BULLIVANT, Scribe.
TEMPLAR Rebekah Lodge No. ,*aßSß*t
No. 19, I. O. O. F.— The officers
and members are requested to at- ■v.g?2**3§!*
tend the funeral of our deceased
brother, W. K. VANDERSLICE, THIS DAY,
March 15, at 2 o'clock from Masonic Temple.
MRS. PLATH. N. G. pro tern.
KNIGHTS of the .Red Branch— As- 4
semble at the hall, corner Mason and tfjL,
O'Farrell sts.. THIS (WEDNESDAY) %yZA
EVENING. March. 15, at 8 o'clock. **** r
Business of very great importance will be
transacted. THE PRESIDENT.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- |j|
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be 111
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Jf v
ING. March 16. 1899, at B. B. Hall, 4W/J
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full at- /^L
tendance requested; business of im- lii
portance. E. J. BRANDON, Pres. a
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the. Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March, 1899, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will .close on FRIDAY.
March 17. 1599, at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~ ~
NOTICE— S. ONETO has declared to have sold
his share of business, debt and credit to S.
TORIE, grocery firm, on 442 Montgomery aye.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 65 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchjnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after MONDAY, March 20. 1899.
Transfer books will close on TUESDAY,
March 14, 1699, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS' WANTED — Jb'fci.UALE.
COMPETENT English woman recently from
the East desires a situation as first-class
cook; understands all branches of cooking.
Can be seen at MISS CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seamstress
desires situation; best .references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and housework
girl desires place on a ranch; 2 years last
place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion; best local references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse for children, best of city refer-
ence, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31G Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell St., tel. Main 5332,
girls of all nationalities await positions.
SWEDISH house girl: excellent cook; 2 years'
references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE young lady would like the care
of an Invalid lady or child; is good seam-
stress; no objection to traveling. Apply Park
Hotei, 26 Turk st. . / -■ .
FAITHFUL person with superior city refer-
ences, is good cook, neat and clean, wants
situation In small family or as housekeeper;
city or country. Call 522 Stockton, st.
GIRL wishes position to assist in general
housework in small family, American pre-
ferred; wages $12 to $15.. Address 904 Do-
. lores st.. near Twenty-second.
NEAT young girl, lately from the East, would
like to do upstairs work and help with chil-
! dren. Please call for 2 days at 2032 Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation Ito
do light housework and plain washing. Call
at 311 Clementina st.
WOMAN wishes a place to do general house-
work: Is -good 1 cook; city 'or country. 311
Powell st.
SITUATION by middle-aged woman for house-
work at $1 per day and car fare. Box 1053,
Call. --.■-■■ ■
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
I washing, ironing and cleaning. 6 Fourth st. ;
[ ring- bel l^ . -
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— by the day or half day by
reliable woman. Address 2239 Adeline St..
Oakland. - 
YOUNG woman wishes situation to care for
small children or sick child. Address A. 8,.
Frultvale P. O. . ; __
GIRL wishes situation to do general housework
and cooking; good reference. Apply 5230%
Sixteenth st. , ; .
GOOD waitress, lunch, dinner or order, wishes
situation. 124 Sixth St., room 43. ■
gsa_g_
YOUNG German girl, 15, would like to take
care of children or .light housework $o a
month; good home. MISS MESNICKOW,
Golden Gate, Cal. _______
SITUATION wanted to do general housework.
434 Jessie st. __
WANTED— By experienced young lady, posi-
tion as stenographer and typewriter; speaks
French; good penman. Box 1034, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position as
working housekeeper; has a child 7 years,
city or country; references If required. Call
or address 111% Minna st. ■
SITUATION wanted by young woman from
the East as cook or second work; private
family. Box 1038. Call office.
FRENCH girl wishes situation to do house-
work In family. Address 230 Montgomery ay.
REFINED person like to take care of children;
can do mending or upstairs work; also can
wait on a lady: can go as companion; is a
good reader. 1637% Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, with superior city refer-
ences, wants a situation In city or country;
not afraid of large family. Address 424 Sut-
ter St., tel. Main 5472.
YOUNG lady wants a place as waitress or help
in kitchen. 23% Sixth St.. room 8. __
JAPANESE faithful girl who speaks good Eng-
lish wants situation to do general housework
in small family. Address Box 1046, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. Apply at 22 Silver st.
CANADIAN lady wishes a poslstlon as nurse
to infants; thoroughly experienced. Box
1048. Call.
LADY stenographer wishes position; wages no
object. Address box 21, Call office.
REFINED lady of experience desires position
as companion to a lady or to care for Inva-
lid; no objections to traveling; good refer-
ences. Box 1024, Call office.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
. housework: good cook on ranch. 136 Fifth
St., near Howard.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
GARDENER, practical German, wants charge
• of a private place; understands all branches
of greenhouse and outdoor work; best of re-
commendations; 10 years In last situation;
married. Address 564 Linden aye.
MIDDLE-AGED man, just received his dis-
charge from the U. S. V., would like a posi-
tion; any kind of work; strong and reliable.
Address box 1042, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man, strictly
temperate, to care for horses, cows, garden,
lawns, chickens; good reference. Address
box 1061, Call Office.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as coach-
man for private family; understands care of
horses; best of reference. 321% O'Farreil St.
MAN and wife would like positions in country
hotel: man as waiter, wife as chambermaid.
Address box 1055, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young Iman, wants
steady position. Address Brooklyn Hotel
barber shop.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants a situation in a
first-class shop. SMITH, 37 Austin st.
MAN and wife, German, desire positions on
farm or dairy; man experienced dairyman
and farmer; wife a good cook. 101 Pros-
pect place, bet. Powell and Stockton, off
Sacramento.
YOUNG man of 22 desires work of any kind;
has had some experience in bookeeping. Ad-
dress 2711 Harrison st.
MAN wants work as carpenter. Box 1036, Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman
from the East; best of references and bond
if ■ required. Box 1037, Call office.
YOUNG barber, 5 years experience, desires
position In country. E. FULTON, 700 Cali-
fornia st.
SITUATION wanted by young man as bar-
., tender; first-class. Address . box . 1045, : Call. :
BY German acquainted with handling, bottling
of wines and liquors; can tend bar; keep
books and accounts; knows general mer-
chandise business; willing to go to country.
Box 1041, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class turn-
er, shaper hand and banasawyer; long ex-
perience; city or country. Address box 1043,
Call office.
CHINESE first-class cook, meat and pastry,
wishes position; private family, hotel or
boarding house; satisfaction. WILLES
JAMES, 906 Clay St. -V;::^
YOUNG man would like employment: city or
country: work of any kind; wages $20 to $25.
Box 102 S. Call office.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants situation as
waiter or houseworker; can do cooking: one
year's references. F. S., box 1032, Call.
MAN and wife wish positions; man coachman
and gardener; woman a good cook: first-class
references. Coachman, box 1012, Call office.
GERMAN, 27 years old, offers his services as
accountant; speaks and writes Spanish and
. English; 7 years abroad; best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 306 Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $r 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
3 waitresses, city and country, $20; waitress
for bakery, country, $20. fare here; chamber-
maid to wait extra, for 1 week, $6; cook, $25.
FAMILY ORDERS
German cook. $25; 3 Scandinavian girls. $25
and $30; 20 German and Swedish houseglrls,
$20 and $25; neat young second girl, 2 In fam-
ily, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FANCY ironer, first-class hotel laundry, coun-
try. $35 and found: free fare both ways. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Oakland. $25; Mill Valley
$25, and other towns; 12 housework girls, city,
$20 $25 and $30: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS. $30; 2 second girls, $15 and $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. «
4 WAITRESSES, hotels and boarding-houses,
$20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325. utter st.
WAITRESS, springs, $20; Bowlder Creek $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 NURSES. $25 each; nurse, Alameda, $25;
nurse. Berkeley, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. •
WAITRESS, $25, private family; chambermaid
and waitress. $15. - MISS CULLEN,. 32S Sutter.
GIRL who speaks German to tend counter,
delicacy store, $6 per week. MISS CULLEN,
325 v tter st.
2 WAITRESSES and parlormaids. $25; cham-
bermaid and sewing, $25; 3 second girls. $20
and $25: 3 cooks. $25; 6 waitresses and cham-
bermaids, $20 and $5 and $6 week; cook, small
hotel, $25, and a large number of girls for
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 41S Powell st.
3 young German cooks, $25 and $30.
3 second girls, $25 and $20.
North German, refined nurse, $30.
10 housegirls, $15, - $25.
HOUSEGIRL. Mill Valley. $20 to $25; Belve-
dere $25; cook, city, $25; second girl, $20;
housegirl, $25; 6 houseglrls, $20 each; 8 young
girls to assist, $10 to $15; waitress, $18. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK and laundress, country, $25; ranch
cooks, housework girls, etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FOR Oakland— Girl about 14 years to help with I
children and housework; small wages. I 2212
Pine st.
CHAMBERMAID, to assist waiting: country
hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED — 2 neat young ladles for the country;
one as waitress and one playing piano. See
Prop., 114 Eddy St., room 6. ;
EXPERIENCED hands on fine and heavy
gloves. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
WANTED— young ladles as agents; money-
making proposition. 40 Ellis st., room 19.
WANTED — Girl to do housework and cooking;
references. 2440 Jackson st.
GIRL to take care of children. 32% Clay st.
GIRL for general housework: 3 in family. Ap-
ply after 10 o'clock a. m., 2838 Mission st.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $15. 3%
Larkin at.
RESPECTABLE girl to take care of child and
assist In housework; $8. 1705 Broderick. St.
GIRL/ for housework In small family; wages
$19. Apply 1025 Laguna st. . . •
FIRST-CLASS operators on custom pants. 541
Market st.
EXPERIENCED . first-class chambermaid
k « wanted. Call at 139 Fourth at., 9a. vat
HELP vNT__— Continued.
WANTED— First-class kid glove saleswomen
for Sacramento. Apply to-day from 8 to 11
am. and 4 to 6 p. m. at WEINSTOCK. LU-
BIN & CO.'S, Market and Taylor sts.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking.
910 A Devisadero St., near McAllister. v
GIRL for light housework; $8. Apply 1430
Leavenworth st.
APPRENTICE on vests. 333 Kearny st., room
11.
GIRL wanted; cook and assist in housework;
wages $15. Apply 219 Hayes st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
wages $10. 1362 Geary st
LADIES to canvass patent medicine; well
known; big commission. Apply 515 Gough st.
APPRENTICES on custom pants. Apply 634
Ellis st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MI-
CHELS', 531 Mission st.
WANTED by physician, a competent woman
about 30: references. Box 401, Call.
FIRST-CLASS finishers; also apprentices on
custom coats. .541 Market st. .> V .
HELP WANTED ___£.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.— Want to-day— Phone
Grant 185: Broiler, country hotel, $50; sec-
ond cook, small hotel, $30; kitchen hands.
Plain washer, $35 and found, country hotel
laundry, free fare; shirt ironer, $30 and found,
country hotel; assistant washer and hanger-
up. $20.
Farmer and wife, $30; farmer, $20; milker,
$20.
— . RAILROAD WORK ■
Grading and rock foreman, $2 50 a day;
blacksmith, $37 50 and board.
Laborers, mountain road, ship to-night.
MISCELLANEOUS —
Painter, steady work. $2 50 a day; young
man for a paint shop, $20 and found; grafter,
vines, $1 25 and board.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
■ ■ WANT TO-DAY ■ ■
10 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $20, $15
and found: 3 grafters, vineyard, $26; 2 chore-
men; American butter maker and milker, $30
and found; vegetable gardener for a saw-
mill company, $30 and found; farmer and
wife, ranch near city, see boss here; 5
laborers for a large farm, $20 and found.
TO THE — WOODS.
185 woodchoppers, $1 50, $1 and 70c cord: 3
laborers for hop yards — $30
driller, near city, $1 75 day; stableman.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS.
Laundry Help ■
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay St.
WANTED — miners, single, hand work, $52
per month and half fare paid; farmers; milk-,
ers; dishwasher for camp, $15; blaoksmith ana
shoer for country shop, $3 per day, steady
job, and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. ■_ ■
TO go to-day— 2 barkers for the woods, $30 and
board; fare $2 50. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-
-610 Clay st.
WANTED— IO drift gravel miners, $40 and
board; 5 quartz miners, $2 50 day and $40 and
board; cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st.
BUTLER; $30; small family. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HEAD waiter, city restaurant, $50. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
Laundryman to take charge of
small plant in country. Apply at ELECTRIC
LAUNDRY CO., &35 Folsom st.
WANTED— Stenographer, able to buy $300 in-
struments ; salary $60. Box 105 S. Call. office.
WANTED— A barber at 58 Steuart st.
WANTED— Strong Boy to drive wagon. E. T.
FRASIER, 621 Mission St.
•BOY with good references. 411% Kearny St.,
top floor.-
EXPERIENCED pressman on custom pants.
227 Fifth st. _____
MAN to do second cooking and wash dishes, $6
a week. 233 Sixth st.
WANTED — Cabinetmaker and polisher; elderly
■ man. Address box 1100, Call.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
GOOD waiter. 145 Larkin st. _^
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826. Chicago. 111.
2 FIRST-CLASS butlers, $45 and $40. MISS
PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States' navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
■ and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— rlpsawyer; heavy work,
requiring strong, active man. Apply CAL.
. BARREL FACTORY, Potrero.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California st.
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel cash
business; must be satisfied with $15 per week
and have $150 cash. 1032 Market, room 4.
MAN or lady to take orders for printing. 420
Montgomery St., room 33.
TO .to this "week — 300 pairs men's shoes, some
iicrly new, from GOo to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts. ; open Sundays.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
*to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet, Ist and 2d sts.
TAlLORS— Ladies' tailors wanted for Seattle.
Wash. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO..
Market and Second sts.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
FOR city; lady or gentleman; good profits;
also agent every county. Rm 4, 40S Cal. St.
BARBERS!— 2 chair 15c shop; a bargain.
106 Ellis St., DECKS LMAN BROS.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BOY to learn underpressing en custom pants.
541 Market st.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
St., men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 135% Eighth st. .-
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House, 106% Third — Furnished
rooms. 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
eoleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, inc. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 563% Market si
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers an»
. clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished., fine. large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. naa- Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED. ..;■.
WANTED— young men to act as agents; big
. money. 40 Ellis St., room 19.
BE wise and get jln while the proposition la
new and make good money. 183 Seventh st.
ROOMS WASTED. ~™
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent low. Address 526 Turk st.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS room andTboard wanted In Mls"i
. sion by young man; bath, etc.; references ex-
changed: $1S or $20. Box 1059. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. ~
WANTED— Everybody to know that the Metro-
pole Club Rooms are running at 773 Market
St., next door to the Midway Plaisance.
WANTED— Second-hand metal shaper. SHAT-
TUCK, 508 Clay st. '
WANTED— ft. 2d-hand water pipe for Ir-
rigating; 1 to 4 In. S. F. Iron Yd, 204 Mission.
; TYPEWRITERS. 7" — — —
ALL typewriters sold and rentedP^few^nartlw
used for sale cheap; send for samples nn7i
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomer^r
A HAMMOND, $25; Caligraph. $15- Yost si<C>
get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery It'
TO LK.JHE.
POINT RICHMOND R. R?terml^lTTw C — "
,; mesa and res. ft W. HalgUt. 289 |a_o_£BUSINESS CHANCES.
fISOO— TRANSFER corner saloon; IS furnished
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc. ;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of llauors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE it -NFUG. 806 Market st.
CHICKEN ranch. 4 acres land; house of :
rooms; chicken houses; fine stock; well water;
close to Oakland; price $2500. WILKE _ UN-
FUG. 906 Market St.
1225— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$350— Corner saloon: Battery and Sacramento
sts. WILKE .'; UNFUQ. __> Market st,
$300— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20; on McAllister st. ; daily receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
fIOOO— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
K.earny Bt.; rent low. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUG. 906 Market St.
A— S2OOO— BAKERY: Western Addition: kept by
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels pel day; owner compelled by
Fickness to retire. Particulars WILKE &
CNFUG, &06 Market St.
A— SIT6i'— SALOON on Stockton and Market sts. ;
established many years and first-class; pay-
ing: 3 tars" lease; an excellent opening:
Fieknefs cause of sale. WILKE _ UNFUG.
906 Market st.
$32.".O— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar In this city estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
1-aying cash store and bar trade: choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office.
$12 00— GROCERY and bar; living rooms; north
of Market; paying cash business; present
owner there S years. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$45i>— SALOON and lunch house; near Market;
centra!;- 9 /furniture Included; a bar-
gain without Its equal. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$I_.m>— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
Mission; value in stock: living rooms; rents2s;
horse and wagon. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$4500— GROCERY (no bar); best part north
Market St.; value in stock; all saleable and
first class; strictly cash business; best class
trade; receipts from $60 to $80 dally; reason-
able rent; thorough Investigation invited;
owner has country property needing atten-
tion; unequaled bargain. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$1700— SALOON ; good location; 30 rooms; all oc-
cupied; big bar trade; value in sight: business
- speaks for itself; actually worth $3000; trial
• given; nothing can beat this. LESS, 765 Mkt.
$2000— MARKET St.; central; 38 rooms; paying
concern; grand bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
PARTNER: great investment; $30 day
• trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$1700— PARTNER, livery business; office work;
$300 a month clear; value in stock. We.tern
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$500— SMALL business for lady: good living.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$450— SALOON; $8 clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary at.
BARBER shop; elegantly furnished; good
trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
, kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$250— DINING parlor, handsomely fitted up; free
rent; fine location; will clear $50 month; good
chance for 2 ladies or man and wife. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$200— PARTNER, commission business; will
• clear $75 month each. National Agency. 7
Grant aye.
BARBER shop. 6 chairs; will clear $100
month. NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
SALOON; old-established business; death
in the family cause of tale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777 Market st.
$350— WORTH $800; coal yard. hay. grain, oil
route; 150 customers. P.ASILE, 873^ Market.
Free-milling gold property; cash
buyer. BASIL—!, S73Hi Market et.
EXCHANGING lodging houses and real estate
a specialty. Pacific. Exchange. 1055 Market st,
$200— HALF interest In good-paying business;
$75 per month each. 1055 Market St., upstairs.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JON_S &
LAWN. 719 Market St.. for square dealing.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans. |
etc., call on CLARK _ CO.. room 509. Ex-
aminer bfilldiag.
$4000— FIRST-CLASS Hotel; fine furniture; good
business; thriving town; owner other busi-
ness; must sell. JONES _ CO.. 565 Market.
A— s2."o— stand; Market st. $450— Lodging
house; new; J4 rooms. -Elegant saloon;
Market an.l 4th sts. CULVER. 1027^ Market.
WILL pay cash for stock of any kind of goods:
city or country, without delay; must be
cheap. Box 1019, CaJl office.
BARBER shop, running two chairs steady, in
Oakland, at a bargain. Apply to STLOT2.
630 Market at. '
' IF you want to buy a business call on us; we
have what you want. German-American, 34
Kearny st.
TO buy sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
A TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
. apply to MOON _ CO.. 10084 Market st.
$250— BRANCH bakery, delicacies and confec-
tions; sunny living rooms; fine location; no
" agents; party going East. Address box 1006,
Call office.
ON account of leaving for Europe, will sell
tailoring business; O.'O yards of cloth and
trimmings. JOHN REDLEY, 340 Third st.
$150— SALOON and lunch house; 6 rooms rent
cheap; good chance for man and wife; pro-
prietor going north. Box 1057. Call.
WILL pay good price for office and household
furniture and modern piano. Box 1021. Call.
BRANCH bakery in connection with apartment
house : bargain; owner going East. 1004 Polk.
PARTNER wanted; willing to work; good
..money guaranteed. Address box 1177, Call.
25c SHOP for sale; mining town; cheap. H.
BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3
; p. m. i
$450— RESTAURANT: worth $1000; selling on
account of death in family; receipts $30 per
day located in 200-room hotel; owner going
tcJ Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
BARGAIN; saloon with living rooms; central
location cheap rent, good trade; make offer;
owner cannot attend. Inquire, Call office.
IV private hotel (40 occupied rooms) a partly
furnished kitchen and dining room to rent.
962 Post St.
/-it n tt^TABLIPHEI) blacksmith shop for sale,
°wUh S stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
RESTAURANT for sale; near Poatofflce. 108
Seventh St., near Mission.
BARBERSHOP in Oakland at a bargain; must
B bc sold. Box 643. Call office, Oakland.
isSO-RESTAURANT. clearing $200 per month;
trial given. Apply €27 Mission st.
vor Sale— First-class bakery; all store trade;
lII i good location; on account of ill-health.
Box 1029. Call office.
BARBER shop with 3 chairs on reasonable
terms- must sell on account of owner being
sick; Apply, at 423 Washington st.
iiiPTVFn wJnted with some capital in dyeing
F^ R^^^w_Tk__Box 1031. Call office.
•is «v__RTTSIXESS corner; lot 75x109. with 2-
-1 rt2r^"b_ll-lng: rents for $100 per month; will
_lrh<ii_r- for ranch; situated 1 block from
Market Station. $250 cash, balance $1000
can remain; cottage of 5 rooms and bath, lot
- 25^125 situated Adeline Ft., near Eighteenth.
W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh St., Oakland. Cal.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. fa. fIRUY a
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
• cidental Hotel: the latest new York and
Chicago markets.
KLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $lo to
i's a. day- selling on account of sickness.
Particulars' at 600 Haight St.; no agents.-
FOR sale— A cozy barber shop and cigar stand;
doing good business; owner leaving city;
BickneM cause. Address box 50, Call office. .
CHEAP branch bakery, and dairy store; 4 j
C Apply 707 DeVisadero st. j
GOOD restaurant: good location; very cheap.
Apply Call office. |
$150^HALF interest in S^;_*_' n « t bUBlneBli:
$75 per month each. MM Market st.
J6O--BRANCH bakery and coffee Parlor; 8 liv-
ing rooms; rent $12- 1024 Larkln st.
BUTCHER shop; good location: cash business;
•sickness cause for selling. Box 398. Call.
Tj-FK^TAtIRAXT Sixth st.; established 10 years;
__f__S_j_j____ Jjj_______pp'y Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ proposals. .!-.'. ;v
TREASURY Department, office supervising
T architect Washington. IV C February £.
Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day of
March. 1899. and then opened for all the
'masonry work, roof covering, etc.. for the
United States post office, courthouse, etc.,
bun-Ing at San Francisco. Cal in accordance
with the drawings and specification o copies
•of which may be obtained at this office or at
the office of the superintendent at I Ban Fran-
sclseo Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR. Super-
-vlfclns Architect. ':'
PERSONALS.
MRS. M. E. DOUGLASS -Mistake in addresa;
no such number; please correct. Box 1010,
Call.
N< •TICE— S. ONETO has declared to have sold
his share. of business, debt and credit to L.
TORRE, grocery firm, ou 442 Montgomery ay.
DROP in to the Metropole Club rooms; the
finest In the city. 773 Market St., opposite
the Phelan building.
NO place just as good; go to LEDERER'S to
have your hair dressed, 250; the very longest
hair rolls, not short or medium, for 35c. 123
Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quinonla hair tonic will take
away that dead look from your hair; 35c bot-
tle; try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed, busts developed by the
Harmonic Vibrator; genuine. delightful,
scientific; superior to all known methods.
Harmonic Life Institute. 236 Powell et., S. F.
ELECTRIC~Iights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms;
2i,c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry^
A— OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; sale
this week only: artistic opera dressing. La
Verlte Hairdresslng Parlors, 30 Geary Bt. ;
phone Red 2715.
THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth St.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarnt d.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS. DR.FUNKE, 1416 Bth, Alameda.
MING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jection.Gurntd.Dr.Gordin.OU Plne.ab. Kearny.
I DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market st.. rooms 9 and m
BATHS 12' ? c: B0 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladirs; lady M FO-rtn.
! FOLDING beds $s 50; bedrm Beta $S; bed loung-
i es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6:l^
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint D 97. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
I BF.RWIN & GASSNER, 'urriers. formerly on
I Post St., removed to store U0 Kearny st^
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits ut wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 2' l Banaome at.
SUITS to ord^r on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESBMAHKRH.
SILK or oloth dresses made. $6 up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mllll-
nery; patterns cut. Mcl'^well Sch.. 103 Post.
SPIRITUALISM.
__MRbT J WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $L 232 Btockton Bt.
MISS E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader;
BSS_ Howard st.; ladles, 25c: gents, 50c.
MRS ELLIS tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. S; 25c; Elttings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
j MRS. B. BAUMAXN. the well-known fortune
[ teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell^
MRS MESA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladies. BOc; gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 1^
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; Isc. 153V4 6th, r. 1L
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings; ladies.
26c; gents. 50c. 1063 Mission et.. near Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh^
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
tand's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
IREUICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market st. ; future
evt-nta. 60c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 338S Twenty-first st., above Valencia;
tet. White 1571: reading by mall. $1.
SLPERFLUOUS^HAIR^
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
st. ; 15 years* experience; references given.
lodging houses for^jbal^^
hTcTdecker
Office. 1020 MARKET ST.
15-room house; central; $100 cash $300
30 rooms; rt-nt $90; on Mission st 1300
64-room house; clears $300 2"00
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
f!4 rooms; corner: clears $300 2700
65 ROOMS; EXCHANGE FOR OAK-
LAND OR ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
K'-room house; new furniture »W
6-room flat; ch<-ap rent 12J
2S-room house; clears $160 "■"•')
46 rooms; corner; clears $2.'<o 1 >
10 rooms; near City Hall; very good T»4i>o
13 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 800
12 rooms; on Market: cxc. f"r large house. 500
18 rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick.. 2200
18 rooms; rent $."0 (transient); half cash.. 1050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SI7.K ' >R PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 224 GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c, 15c, 20c; clears $300 $5000
55 rooms; bp.«t on Fourth St.; half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary St.; will pay for Itself... 1600
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800
16 rooms; Post st.; all full; cheap rent... 850
8 rooms; new and clean: clears $25 300
6-room flat ; Geary Bt. : elegant house 400
_i~ROOMS; rh<-ap rent: new; bargain $350
22 rooms; rent $S0; give away 300
3S rooms: ront $1*: investigate ROO
40 rooms; will trade; corner wOO
B0 rooms: r*nt $50; only SaO
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
$Soo— 75 ROOMS; corner house: 40 rooms; fur-
niph?'". ; cheap rent; ?100 a month profit.
Jl25C— Buys a 24-room corner house.
down; 12-room housf>: bargain.
Money loaned on furniture. EITEL, 1016 Mkt
NOTICE— HO 1 idirin* house* for nale cheap;
part rash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— LODGING hoose, north of Market Rt. ; 16
rooms; bargain this day. Box 1054, Call^
jgr,n_ fl . irgaln: i 0 moms and bath; elegantly
■furnished; all rented. 770 O'Farrell; 12 to -
$175— RIG bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 607
Jones st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS fumiehed in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Bt.,
_bove Sixth.
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
pries; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co., .603 Cal. St.
A FINE violin, cost new $25, for $7 50, at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE canary birds; strong and healthy;
60c and 75c. 3168 Sixteenth St.
A LAUNDRY plant complete; dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— AII slees new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento »t.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
Portable forge. Call at once 648 Mission at.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission st. ; tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $16; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES!
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
MRsTIdRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes sTT~aIT
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of tho eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL n'itice--Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
_tid residence, 1021 ft Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
8 r. ; 1220 Laguna.s3s'7 rooms; 930 Sutter. s4o
10 r. ; 1118 Guerrero 40 6 rooms; 1020. Geary. 28
7; 1222 Buchanan. 35:7 r. ; 2926 California. 30
Call and Ket a list.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V_ Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st-
$10 50— HOUSE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468 Lin-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: larga yard and base-
ment. 214 Colllngwood St.. bet. 19th and^2uth.
TO LET— IS 62 Turk St.— Cottage; 4 rooms; por-
tion stable; reasonable rent^
tt6o WILL, build 4- room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 021
X St., Sunset District.
KLATS TO LET.
AN elegant 7-room upper flat; bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m. 718 A Bush st^
A— ELEGANT 5 rooms, porcelain bath, electric
lights, etc., $27 50. 1718 Page st.
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window, bath; $12. 718
Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT, E rooms, bath and stable; 18 Byington
aye. Apply 1621 O'Farrell St.
ON GLEN PARK AYE.
No 3 lowr flat, 4 r.sls No 27, uppr flat. 4 r.sl4
No 5, lowr flat, 4 r. H No 34, third flat, 4 r. 12
Vo 32 house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry $25
On' Twelfth st.; 5 rooms, bath laundry. .s22 50
Gardens in front, large yards in rear; most
picturesque avenue in city; in warm belt;
dry atmosphere and beauty of surroundings
make it most desirable for bronchial or lung
troubles; bet. Mission & Howard, 12th & 13th.
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN _ HOVV -
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper o rooms;
47 Pond St.; upper sunny 5 rooms: $14.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat, 5 rooms complete; respect-
able neighborhood; parties going to their
summer home: responsible parties only. 311
Taylor; 2 to 4 p. m.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
_r^Y^^l7^3^furriished rooms for housekeep-
ing; lately renovated; also single at $4 up.
EDDY, 917 — Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; every convenience; private residence.
ELLIS 639 cor. Larkin— Sunny bay-window;
mantel ; folding bed; light housekeeping
FIFTH, 322 — 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; complete; bath; private ; $10.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HOWARD, 829— Housekeeping from $1 50 to $3
week; also other rooms; cheap.
HOWARD, 953Vs— Homelike sunny rooms, $1 50
per week; also one at $1; bath^
JESSIE. 475, Near Sixth— Furnished rooms;
light housekeeping; also others^
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished suite for house-
keeping and single room; $11 and $8.
LAGUNA 705—2 nice furnished sunny house-
keeping ' rooms; use of gas and bath; rent
cheap.
LARKIN, 1719— - front rooms, partly furnished;
$12; gas range; private family.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed, closet; $12; 3 moms, $14.
MARKET, 1824—2 sunny newly carpeted par-
lor rooms for housekeeping; could arrange for
kitchen. .
MINNA, 454— Two sunny back rooms, furnished
for housekeeping complete.
MISSION, S39— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping. $10jl_rg_j_______
MISSION 113T.14— Large front room, neatly fur-
nished; good cookstove; $2 per week.
MISSION. 2055—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; yard; reasonable.
MISSION* 2133—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; hot water, Jjath, j*e. ; cheap.^
OAK, 31— 1, 2 and 3 housekeeping rooms; front
room; gas range; water; bath.
POST, 2406 — Furnished room, with uee of
kitchen; private family.
SILVER, 85 — Sunny bay-window front room
and kitchen; nicely furnished; also other
rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH 2?-— Nicely furnished 6unny front
' rooms for light housekeeping; rent reasonably
EIXTH 216 I *— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms': light housekeeping _ sing. : rent reas.
BOUTH PARK, 184— 2 or 3 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
h ousekeeplng; rent cheap.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
A~_SAN Francisco House, 737 Howard St., bet.
Third and Fourth— Changed hands: 100 rooms.
n*wly furnished, 20c to 50c per night, $1 to $3
per week; double beds rented as single; read-
ing room; transients.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bith; rooms, 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
ARIIngTtON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-claas
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT SUTTER. 717— S31— Sunny; choice; reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please Investigate-^
AT 14A Geary— Double bed. bair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 CO to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
A— SUTTER 717— S31— Sunny; choice; reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post-Elegant corner rooms;
eun all day; all conveniences; elevator; fam-
ilies and gentlemen. * *
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single: alto nnfurnlshed.
BUSIi 53T~The~'L_~ Mar Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 106, near Mission— Nice aunny
housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH 221— Renovated rms.; single andh.-kpg;
sunny; stoves; respectable; $1 to $2 week.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050—1 large sunny, well-
furnished room: free telephone^
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LEAVENWORTH. 517-Sunny single furnished
room for gent, $5 per month.
MARKET IS24^ near Fr_nklln— Large front
eunny room, newly furnished; housekeeping;
rent $12.
MARTHA place 6, off Geary, above Mason-
Large sunny room for one or two; $8.
MASON, 219— Furnished rooms; 2 gentlemen or
man and wife; aluo single.
MINNA 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; transient.
; ,IISSION~I2I2, one block from City Hall— 2
large, nicely furnished rooms in private fam-
ily; gas, bath, hot water, etc.
MISSION. 2326— Nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen with quiet habits preferred.
NATOMA. 282. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; rent $6; with sink and running water.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 208— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms; cheap; also others.
O'FARRELL, 416— Nice sunny rooms by the
day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 502, Jonee, 603 — Changed hands:
newly furnished sunny single or en suite, $6
per month up.
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
eunny rooms: single or en suite; $5 up.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping^
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth it,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER, 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also housekeeping; terms
reasonable.
THIRD, 303 — Furnished sunny front rooms;
single and double; $1 a week and up.
TURK 527— Sunny furnished room: running
water: $2 week; also single room. $1 25 we>-
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. 8. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st. j
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FlRSTT^4l6^Swedlsh private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HYDE 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
POST 509, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt 1.
SOUTH PARK, 159 — Eunny furnished room,
with or without board.
PUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden, with excellent board; desira-
ble location.
VAN NESS, 850— Elegantly furnished front
rooms; privilege of parlor and piano; tele-
phone; table first-Hags.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WEPTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.; popular prict
OFFICES TO LET.
GEARY, 36J£— 3 furnished connecting rooms for
offices, first floor, with stationary washstand.
POWELL. 143— Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor in last 6 years; furnished.
MARKET, 1206— Sunny corner, suitable for
offices: also furnished rooms.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential: satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin ; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8; Sundays by appointment only.
H TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
game day; no instruments used; pelf cure, $5;
home In confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hrs. 10 to f> and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daries,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay self -cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what CRUse and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
cafe and sure: no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free: traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed: cure. $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny St.
A— DR G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023^4 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure: cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills. $1; cure
$6. 1362 Market et.. bet. 7th-Bth, tel. Mint 1633.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5: travelers helped in-
Rtantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. 'DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to S p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.: $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
I3R. and MRS. WEGENER. 1812 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; sare cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
I>H. Wi'X'i HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs. ;
1540H Howard: Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
LADIES— Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles: $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. Ills Mkt.
DENTISTS.
DrTtTs. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket st., corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up- office hours, sa. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday,
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D..
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work palnlenfly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hip wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5: crowns, $3: fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LX'DLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIR Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. r,oc; silver. 2nc: cmwna, $3.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
IIEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post et.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francaise," will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only; graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joina
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton. 3 to 4. 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6, Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; eunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day _ eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutt"r st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, atfy-at-law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, m'fgages. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all casps; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: office
open evenings from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, attomey-at-law, room 604 Emma
Spreckols building.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister st., near Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
17. sT~CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.
BTOKAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advances, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
CITY REAL ESTATE. - ___
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
— Fine Investment near Market and Va-"
lencia; corner lot. 52:6x85; splendid Improve-
ments; all rented; mortgage. $6000. can remain.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
. $3250— Clementina st., near Fourth; 2 2-story
houses: store and flats; rent $.39; mortgage of
$2100 can remain.
A HOME AT THE MISSION.
$200 CASH. $20 MONTHLY.
$1900— Twenty-sixth St., near Castro; nice bay-
window cottage; contains 5 rooms and bath;
this property is cheap at $2500. IVi"t"V'1 Vi "t"V '
$3500-$3OO cash, balance same as rent; Lake
St., near Ninth aye.: lot 30x72, backing up to
Presidio Park; new house of 7 rooms and bath
and basement. . ' ':' -" -V .
$22 000— An offer wanted: Drumm-st. corner,
within 1 block of Market Ft.; old improvements;
would pay well if properly improved.
$4850-124 Beulah et., close to Golden Gate
Park, bet. Waller and Frederick: lot 2r>x107:6.
with brand-new 2-story bay- window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement,
street accepted; open Sunday.
GREAT BARGAIN.
Handsome new bay-window cottage 8
rooms, bath, etc.: lot 25x120; Fourteenth aye
near Clement st.; facing proposed drive con-
necting the Park with the Presidio
$9000— Clay St.. near Battery; 3-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70. tKFJStt . ... .. .
$S2so— Fine business corner on Seventeenth st. .
new corner building, containing store and flat
of 6 rooms above; also new building containing
2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $74; all
rented: this property is a fine investment. ,
$12.000— Rent $102: Hayes St., near Baker, lot
60x187:6: 5 flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; all
r6 $650<K-1315 Mason st., near Jackson: lot 35x
137:6. with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable lor t>
$S7so^-Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner; 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:6; a splendid Interest-paying property
$7250—2 fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath: best portion of Devisadero st.;
rent $62 50; lot 23x100.
$400 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$4000— New corner residence; Dolores st. ; con-
tains 7 large sunny rooms; latest sanitary
plumbing; large lot. 33x100; portion of lot va-
cant and plenty of room for another building.
$500 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$5000— Fine new residence, 8 rooms; hardwood
floors; beautifully decorated rooms: latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole St.,
near Frederick ; no reasonable offer refused.
$3500— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot 2ox
80; ground rent $20.
$4500— Dolores-st. corner; store and flat above;
containing 6 rooms and bath; also cottage con-
taining 4 rooms and basement; rent $39; extra
large lot. 55 feet frontage; must be sold at once.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
THIS IS A GOOD DAY j,,^^^
Near the Park which Baldwin & Howeli are
selling so fast; if you wait much longer they
will be all gone: over 100 lots sold In the past
100 days; prices range from $200 upwards; terms i
$25 cash, $5 monthly; lots graded; streets
graded; splendid views; best residence lots in
the city for the money; lots face Eighth, Ninth,
Tenth and Eleventh ayes., south of Golden Gate
Park. Take the Haight or Ellis-st. cars, trans-
fer to the electric road which runs to the Cliff
House and get off at Ninth aye. and H st. ; we
have a branch office there, where you can ob-
tain diagrams and price lists. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
a SPLENDID HOME in BEAUTIFUL
santa rosa.
$10,000— sale or exchange, about 4 acres,
within 2 blocks of business center; fronting 19a
feet on the best residence street; improve-
ments consist of a handsome residence contain-
ing 12 large rooms, etc.; cost $13,000 to build;
beautiful lawn, "nggg*^ HQWELU .
10 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN — 2-story modern house: perfect
order; $2500; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11
Montgomery st.
4-ROOM cottage in the Potrero. $950; easy
terms, THE MCCARTHY CO., 846 Market st.
$2000— fl ROOMS and bath, on Ashbury Heights;
a foreclosure sale; investigate. • ■
$9000—14 rooms and bath, on Park Pan-
handle; hardwood finish; elegant; lot 25x137:6.
$350— London St., one block from .Mission
* et.; a snap; will build to order; 25x100. J.
W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market st.
— MISSION COTTAGES— ■
Four 6 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe- $2200 to $3200; smallcash payment; bal-
ance monthly: over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
NEW— of Chestnut and Leavenworth
Bts ; 6 rooms, bath; marine view; street work
done; small cash payment; lot 27:6x110.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD property to exchange for a hotel. J. H.
EI>SON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianosror $3. $4 and
15- per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sta.. San , Francisco, and Thirteenth . and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS. .
Cramer: good for practice $ 7-
Weber; fine condition 161
Sterling; walnut case ISS
Bradford grand upright............-; ........
Easy payments; guaranteed. BENJ. CbK-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houB9
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE 9,
26, 2S and-38 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
MAGNIFICENT Hallett & Davis upright;
must be sold at once; an offer wanted by
private owner. Room 10, Flood building.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder or the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and * warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
FINE Estey organ; a bargain: good as new.
Apply forenoons. 622*4 Shotwell st
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
FINE Estey organ: a bargain; good as new.
Apply forenoons. 614 Shotwell st. !
BARGAIN in fine upright piano at room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye. .
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase).- 136 Ellla.
W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
6OII.MER pianos are the best. BYRON
M.-\; ::■' Sole Agent. 308 Post st. fj
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Man zy 308 Post st. ;
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell Bt. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~~ ;■ HORSES.
tO^HOß^ES^fof^eaie} aiso^wagonsi buggies?
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. ■ - »
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. j
SELLING out— New and second-hand wagons
for sale cheap at 630 Broadway.
FOR Gentleman's fin» and fast road
team with road wagon and harness com-
plete. Address box 1022, Call office.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 823 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,* carts.,
buggies, gurreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
~~ ~~ \ LOST. ",. ~~
LOST— Brooch; true lover's knot with • ame-
thyst; gift of dead parents. Liberal reward
at 2911 Sixteenth et.__
LOST— Red greyhound dog; fox ears. Reward
1449 Valencia st. . r. :.-
LOST— Black and white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to 111 Fifth st. and receive reward.
LOST Feb. — Black smooth hair dog, long
ears small white spot on chest: named Lulu;
reward. L. RINASSA, Campl's restaurant,
631 Clay st.
110 REWARD— Lost 2 weeks last Sunday, small
white fox terrier bitch: name Queenle; had on
nickel collar; had long ears, black and tan
head black spot on end of back. Return 1620
Eddy Bt. , ■ - -
CAxCPCT CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
18 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 8c per yard; tel. Mission 7*.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CITY HEAL. ESTATE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO. .' f ,
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
000— Three modern flats of 8, 7 and 6 rooms
and bath; near McAllister st. ; up-to-
date In all details; rents $65; all rented;
lot 25x137:6 feet.
— Four flats of 4 rooms each; high base-
ment; on Ellis st.; rents $60; street
bituminized; cement sidewalk; lot 30x
137:6 feet.
$s,ooo— Two flats of 6 and 5 rooms and porcelain
tubs, etc. on Golden Gate aye.; rents
$37 50; almost new; street work done;
lot 25x100 feet.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS. ■■'
$3,000—80x127:6 feet on one of the best blocks
of Washington St.; street bituminized;
cement sidewalk.
$2,300—30x100 feet on Presidio Heights; unob-
structed marine view; must be sold.
— *— - M
$2,500—25x137:6 feet on McAllister St.; street
bituminized; cement sidewalk.
.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENTS.
$3,300 — 1 per cent per month net; four
flats of 3 rooms each ; near Sixth st.
street work all done; lot 25x75 feet.
$2,500— Rents $30; always rented; two houses of
6 and 4 rooms, basement, etc.; near
Folsom st.
$10.000— Rents $100; six flats in Al condition; on
Natoma st. large lot, 87:6x80 feet.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
$18,000— Two stores with flats above; on Devis-
adero st.; rents $109 50; always rented;
lot 60x100 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$5,500— Large house of 8 rooms and bath; on
California St.. near Pierce; street bi-
tuminized; cement sidewalk; California
and Sacrament cars; lot 25x137:6
feet.
We are preparing our monthly cata-
logue for our March auction sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
6SS Market st.
AUCTION SALE OF REAL ESTATE
BY
COFFEY. HUGHES & CO..
At Salesroom, 19 Montgomery St.,
WEDNESDAY. March 15, 1899, at 12 o'clock.
625 Turk St., near Van Ness ave.— 27:6x120 to
rear street.
1209 Page St., near Baker— 9 rooms and bath;
27:6x137:6.
Three lots, east side of Twentieth aye., north
of Clement st.; 25x120 each. *
2521 and 2523 Bush st, near Devisadero—
residences; sold as whole or subdivisions.
2933 Clay st., near Devisadero— rooms and
bath; 27:6x127:8»4.
508 Mason St., near Post—
323-325 Bryant St., southwest corner Ecker, be-
tween First and Second; also cottage on Ecker
St.; lot 25x80.
Flats, 1014 and 1014& Ridley et.. near Haight
and Scott; 25x119.
■ Probate sale — 109 and 109% Langton St.; front
and rear houses; lot 25x80.
Four houses, southeast corner Pine and Scott
sts.; lot 82:6x87.
Probate sale— south side of Oak St., west
of Steiner; 30x120.
Lot west side of Diamond et., south of Eight-
eenth, 1 block from Castro; 24:5x125.
For further particulars apply to COFFEY,
HUGHES & CO., Real Estate Agents and Auc-
tioneers. 19 Montgomery st. ■ - '
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ;
A BARGAIN— acres of land; near school;
. facing county . road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and Milpltas: 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance grain land; good 9-room . house, barn,
well, windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh et.. Oakland. v i
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— to $S0 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27, Bth floor Mills bdlg., S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres .sold to 120 families; .7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1297-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. B. F.
' MO^EY TO LOANi
ANY amount, on furniture, pianos, without' re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call €8-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 'S. , F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no I delays. ■'- J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 : Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. , , - . '
ANY amount at 654 per cent on real estate, 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery. ' rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place, to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market et. : tel. Main 1644. ,
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary; small loans a specialty: any, secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no. re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery st, 8. F.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason et.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a epeclalty. MURPHY 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
~~~ MOSEY WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants to go into business; would
like to borrow $200: will pay good interest
as quickly as possible. Box 1044. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortgr., chat-
ty etc. Harppr & Krelger. 312 Emaminer big.
—^—— — — — —^^—
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 4-acre chicken ranch at Frultvale.
with everything complete; also part In full
bearing fruit, etc.; good house and barn;
horse, wagons, incubators and chickens:
handy to cars and is the best paying place In
Fruitvale: open to full investigation. ALDEN
CO., 902. Broadway. '■ :
FOR Sale— Three modern houses, 8 rooms. Just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion ots.; cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN. 3d & Washington. sts.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR BAIB.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHELI»-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. Ba« him.
ALAMEDA ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAI* ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms. !
Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye. : terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— N«w Colonial cottage. 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high, school;
terms $400 cash, $25 per month. ..,„.
$3500— house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150; fine
location: San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month. _
A fine business corner. 25x82:6: store and Hat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee have been issued as follows:
Edward G. Faulkner and Rose Carland.... so-27
Michaelis Glaser and Zelda Lewi5.. ........30-23
Eugene L Greenleaf and Nella D. Robbins.23-22
Hermann Simund and Louisa H. Herman..
Kben L. Boyce and Louise. E. Bach 35-23
Charles Renkrr and Clara O. Burke 30-23
~ MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at- either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SHARP— In this city. March 12. 1899. to the
wife of Dr. James G. Sharp, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BERLIN— WERNER— this city, March 12,
1899, by the Rev. Joseph Winner. Samuel
Berlin and Annie Werner, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■--,'•
KAUFMAN — DANHAUSER —In this city.
March 5, 1599, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Her-
man Kaufman and Sarah Danhauser, both of
San Francisco. ■• :• <•> y > *•; ; ,
NEWMAN— NATHAN— In this city, March 5.
1&99, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Layo Newman
and Florence Nathan, both of San Francisco.
SPIGEL— ROSENTHAL— In this city. March 12.
1599, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Harry Spigel
and Clara' Rosenthai.- both of San Francisco.
STANGE— SEEBA— In this city. March 12. 1899,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, John Stange and
Henrietta Seeba. ■
DIED.
Angell, Medary F. : Manny, Margaret
Begg, Mark Milan. John F.
Boehmer. Catherine O'Brien. James T.
Bose, Mrs. Reiterman. Raymond
Calhoun, William A. Riordan. Annie
Coughlin, Alma F. Ryan, Frank J.
Feeney, Milton J. Slem. Hans C.
Graham, Mrs. H. R. Suarea, Pedro
Gruner, Ferdinand Tracey, Thomas
Hoffmann, Albert Vanderslice, Wm. K.
Hoogs, Elizabeth G. Warfleld. Albert G.
Kelly, Margaret E. Wlchrowski. Albert
Lyons. Daniel Winters, Thomas
McDennott, Bernard
ANGELL— this city. March 14. ,1899. Medary
F. Angell. a native of Silver City, Nev., aged
30 years and 4 months. ijffiEJßj
BEGG— In this city. March 13. 1899, Mark Begg,
a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
BOEHMER— In this city. March 14. 1599, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Herman Boehmer.
mother of George Horn, and grandmother of
Ruth Horn, a native of Germany, aeed 48
years 4 months and 3 days.
BOSE— In San Jose, Cal.. March 13. 1899. Mrs.
Bose, dearly beloved wife of J. F. Bose, and
mother of Anna. Mary, Fred, Carena and
Rita Bose.
CALHOUN— In Berkeley. March 13, 1899, Wil-
liam A., eldest son of the late C. A. and C.
C. Calhoun, and brother of Mrs. E. S. Hall.
Mrs. E. P. King and Charles A. and Benja-
min F. Calhoun. a native of New York, aged
66 years.
COUGHLIN— this city, March 13. 1599. Alma
Frances, infant daughter of John J. and
Amelia C. Coughlin, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 months and 3 days.
FEENEY— In this city. March 13. 1899. Milton
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Rosetta and
Joseph Feeney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 years and 3 months.
. ICJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, northeast corner Of Twenty-
fourth and Florida streets. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ''V.v
GRAHAM— In Rat Portage. Ontario, Canada.
Mrs. H. R. Graham (formerly Sallie S. Eok-
feldt), a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. Emily P. Mhoon, 1043 Noe
street. Interment Maaonic Cemetery.
GRUNER— In this city, March 12. 1899. Ferdi-
nand, beloved son of Elizabeth Gruner, and
brother of Frank and William Gruner, Mrs.
George Schaefer and Mrs. William J. Herr-
mann, a native of Philadelphia, aged 41 years
and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from Verein Eintracht Hall.
Twelfth street, near Folsom. where the
services will be held, commencing at 2
o'clock, under the auspices of Eintracht Ye-
• rein. By special request of the family gen-
tlemen will please keep their hats on at the
grave in the interest of health. Interment
! Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In Melrose, Alameda County,
March 14, 1599, Albert, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Hoffmann, and brother of Ida.
Clara, Emma, Annie, Charles and Fred Hoff-
mann, a native of California, aged 11 years
and 6 months. j_T . .
{CTFuneral private to-morrow (Thursday),
at 11 o'clock. Interment at San Lorenzo. T
HOOGS— the City and County Hospital,
March 14, 1539, Elizabeth G. Hooga. a native
of Australia, aged 41 years.
KELLY— In this city. March 14, 1599. Margaret
E., beloved wife of L. E. Kelly, mother of
William M.. Winifred A. and Lonsfert J.
Kelly, and sister of Mrs. John Houghton and
■ Mrs. Jean Carol, a native of Ireland, aged 33
years. (New York and Baltimore papers
please copy.) .
EFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from 715 Tehama
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city. March 14. 1899, Daniel,
beloved husband of the 'late Mamie Lyons,
beloved son of Bridget A. and the late Pat-
rick Lyons, and brother of William, Patrick
and Harry Lyons and Mrs. J. Quinn. a na-
tive of Brooklyn. N. V., aged 26 years and 9
months. (Brooklyn. N. V.. papers please
copy.) - - •
[r3"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 218 Dore street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In Oakland, Bernard, beloved
husband of Annie McDermott, and father of
Marie L., Bernard Jr., John F. and Charles
A. McDermott. a native of SHgo, Ireland,
aged 74 years 3 months and 9 days.
(C7FTiVnd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 514 Eighteenth street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
MANNY— In the City and County Hospital.
March 14, 1899. Margaret Manny, a native of
Missouri, aged 32 years.
MILAN— In this city, March 14. 1899. John F..
beloved husband of Sarah Milan, and father
of Joseph and the late Mary Milan, a native
of Newport. R. 1., aged 70 years. (New York.
New Bedford and Boston papers please copy.)
[CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 14, 1899, James
T., dearly beloved and only son of James C.
and Maggie O'Brien, and beloved brother of
Marguerite O'Brien, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 2 months and 21 days.
tETNotice of funeral hereafter.
REITERMAN— In this city. March 12. 1899.
Raymond L., dearly beloved son of William
and Mary Reiterman, and brother of Willie.
Neil and Percy Reiterman. a native of San
I Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and IS
days. ' *- ■ ■'
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the residence of his parents. 7 Hickory ave-
nue thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RIORDAN— In this city, March 13. 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of Patrick W. Riordan. mother
of William F.. John J.. Edward H., Daniel
W and Katie A. Riordan and Mrs. Charles
Kinkier, and sister of the late Ellen Corco-
ran a native of Little Island. County Cork.
Ireland, aged 67 years and 11 months. (Bos-
ton and Mnldon papers please copy.)
(C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 31«9 Mission street. between.
Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth, thence
to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem "mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
RYAN-In this city. March 14. 1899, Frank Jo-
seph belovod son of John B. and Margaret
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
m^sie an 1 un 6 < a?' will take place this day
• (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from th«
parents' residence. 1222 York street, near
Twenty-fourth. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
SIEM-In this city. March 14. 1599. Hans C.,
dearly beloved son of John H. and Amalla
Slem. and brother of Charles G.. Ernst,
Henry. Martin. Anna and Fred Stem, a na-
tive of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, aged 21
years 6 months and 29 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3568 Eighteenth street, be-
tween Valencia and Guerrero. Interment L
O. O. F. Cemetery. • •
SUVREZ — Pedro Suarez, beloved father or
A Suarea. a native of Peru, aged 70 years and
TRACEY-ta this city, March 13, 1599, Thomas
Tracey, nephew of Michael Morrissey of
Colma, a native of Ireland, aged .33 years. .
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of John J. Morrissey. 137 Duncan street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
i>cse of his soul, commencing at 10 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
VANDERSLICE— In this city. March 12. 1899,
William X.. beloved husband of the late
Katherlne Vanderslice, and lather of ■ Jean-
ette Hermlne and Milton T. Vanderslice and
Mrs' J 8. Johnson, a native of Philadelphia.
Pa ' aged 73 years 6 months ..nd 12 days.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
sonic Vault.
RFIELD— In Fruitvale. March 14, 1899, of
typhoid pneumonia, Albert G. Warfleld. son
of Mrs. John H. • Spring, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 18 years and 10 months.
Services and Interment private.
WK'HROWSKI— In this city, March 14. 1899,
Albert beloved husband of Albert! na Wlch-
rowski, a native of Cracow, Poland, aged
83 years 11 months and 26 days.
WINTERS— In this city, March 14. Thomas
I Winters, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBa.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY «fe CO., - i
FUNEKAL IJIKECTUKS & EMBALMEBa I
185 Market at,, between c 0. ,, I
PUNEKAL LilWitTOllS & EMBAL.MEM I
UK Market st, between Bth and »Uk
. Telephone. Eouto 247. . I
1112
FOLSOM STREET
WHARF FOR THE
U. S. TRANSPORTS
The Chamber of Com-
merce Requests It.
THE BERKELEY'S SMASH-UP
mr. McCarthy and his was
REVENUE STAMP.
Terry Building Bents Are Yet in a
Confused and Slow-Moving
State of Adjust
ment.
At a meeting of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners yesterday afternoon the
matter of assigning a berth to the United
States transports was considered, and it
was decided that Folsom street wharf be
set apart for that service.
The question was opened by Commis
sioner Herold submitting a resolution
that the assignment of that wharf for
merly made to the Alaska Commercial
Company and Alaska Pa.-king Association
be rescinded from May 1 and they be given
the Fremont street wharf as soon as
needed alterations can be made there;
also that Folsnm wharf be assigned to the
Government on that date.
Captain Nelson, heading a delegation
from ihe Chamber of Commerce, and Mr.
Bberwood of the Merchants' Association,
appeared at this juncture and spoke of
tho urgent need of quickly providing a
suitable berth for the transports. If the
United States could find no wharves in
this port for the use of its steamers it
would aend them to other ports, and the
commercial interests of San Francisco
would suffer in consequence. Captain Nel
son asked, if docks were so scarce here,
Why the naval militia vessel Marlon was
permitted to occupy a Howard street
wharf right in the busiest part of the
water front. He complained of excessive
dock charges, and referred to the nomi
nal wharfage charged at other places —
Seattle, tor instance.
Commissioner Harney interrupted Cap
tain Nelson by reading a communication
he had recently received from Mayor
Thomas of Seattle. The substance of this
letter was that the Port "Warden and har
bor master of that port, one person, re
ceived $900 per year, and th^re were no
wharf charges on vessels loading and un
loading there, as only one wharf was
owned by the city, the others belonging
to private persons. Cargoes, however,
were charged 25 and 50 cents per ton.
la lying up at any wharf were
charged by the private owners from $1 to
$M per day. Mr. Harney stated that this
system of charges made the outlay for
the ship owner about equal to the port
charges of Pan Francisco.
Here Commissioner Colnon offered an
amendment to the resolution to the effect
that Folsom street wharf be turned over
to the transports April 15, which amend
ment Harney and Herold voted down.
Harney stated that it would be thirty or
forty days before any transports came
along and the rains would be over before
the Alaska companies would have to
move out from under the shedded Folsom
street wharf.
United States Quartermaster I^ong by
telephone stated that April 15 would be
more satisfactory than May 1, and his re
quest fur the former date prevailed.
Relative to this change President H. F.
Fortmann of the Alaska Packers' Asso
ciaticr. states that his company will move
from Kolpnm to Fremont street wharf
most willingly. Since October the asso
ciation has permitted the transports to
use tho Folßom wharf, though It has paid
rental to the State. The firm has
even loaded vessels from other wharves.
President Fortmann ohjected to some of
Captain Nelson's statements regarding
the position of the Packers' Association
in the matter. He said there would be
more practical sense In the association
removing to Seattle than the trans
ports. The company could get its sup
plies, especially coal and lumber, cheaper
on Puget Sound, and as 95 per cent of its
market was in the East, the railroad fa
cilities were as good from those ports as
from San Francisco. He repeated that
any intimation that his company placed
eny difficulties in the way of the .Gov
ernment acquiring a wharf was incorrect.
Then came the opening of bids for re
pairing the wrecked dolphins at the en
trance of the ferry slips. These piles
were smashed on several occasions by the
new propeller ferry steamer Berkeley
when F.ne became unmanageable and
plunged her nose in among the wharf
timbers.
The State will have the work of repair
done by contract, and send the bill to the
Bouthern Pacific Company. There were
eight bidders, and their proposals ran
from $3400 to $2742. the lowest bid being
that of the Dundon Bridge Company.
This proposal was itemized as follows:
133 new piles at $16 $2128
29 old piles driven at $6 174
20 M feet new lumber at $22.... 440
Total $2742
Mr. McCarthy, whose bid was about
$3200. looked over the other proposals and
found that his was the only one adorned
with a war revenue stamp. He demanded
that the other seven bids be thrown over
board. Mr. McCarthy was informed by
Attorney Budd that a mere proposal was
not a taxable commodity and that his
stamp was a dead loss.
By resolution of the board all the bids
for work on the Broadway wharves were
rejecter!.
The matter of the rents of the new ferry
privileges are still in a confused state of
adjustment, and the subject did not come
before the board. It has been decided,
however, that the Wells-Fargo Express
Company will pay $250 per month.
COURSING WILL CONTINUE.
Ingleside Club Will Hold the Largest
Meeting of the Season.
An executive meeting of the Ingleside
Coursing Club was held last evening, and
after discussing the ordinance passed by
the Supervisors which prohibits the sell-
Ing of pools on horse and dog racing it
decided to follow out the programme ar
ranged at the last meeting of the board,
so as not to disappoint the large number
of leashmen who nave gone to consider
able expense in training dogs for this
ppeclal meeting, which was announced to
be held at Ingleside Park on Friday (St.
Patrick's day). Saturday and Sunday
next. The drawing for the three days of
coursing will be held at Pythian Castle
on Thursday evening at 8 o'clock, and
doubtless a large gathering of sportsmen
who are interested in the game will be
present to hear what the president of the
club, D. Shannon, will Bay regarding the
future of the sport at the popular Ingle-
Bide Park.
BOTH OUT OF BANGER.
Deputy Assessor Harrington and
Mrs. Skirm Kecover From
Their Gas Experience.
Edward Harrington, deputy assessor,
was bo far recovered from the effects of
the gas he inhaled In his room at the
Grand Southern Hotel as to be able to
leave the Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning. He refused to say anything as
to the cause of the accident.
Mrs. Emma Skirm, the woman who was
found in the room with Harrington, was
visited at the Receiving Hospital yester
flay afternoon by G. W. Oaborne, the man
from whom she was divorced about five
rears ago. At least he told the hospital
attaches that his name was Osborne, and
when he saw her he showered her with
kisses. She formerly kept a lodging
house on Market street and was infat
uated with Harrington. She will be taken
charge of by a niece who resides in. this
elty. __^_____
Anakesls cures Piles, nothing else. Sara
pit Xrfte. Address New York.;
RESCUED FROM A
WAVE-SWEPT ROCK
Terrible Experience of a Crab-
Fisher off Point Bonita During
Yesterday's Storm.
FrV"E short blasts and a long one I
from the lighthouse station on
Point Bonita created consterna
tion In shipping circles yesterday
morning. It was the distress sig
nal, and the first time It echoed across
the Golden Gate was when the mail
company's steamer City of New York
went ashore in a fog below the light
house.
When the signal blew for the second
time yesterday the wind was blowing
60 miles an hour from the northeast,
the fog had shut down until it was
Impossible to see across the Golden
Gate, squall after squall struck the
lighthouse, and it was a nasty morn
ing.
During a lull in the storm the light
keeper fancied he heard a cry for help.
He waited until the squall had passed.
The cry came again, and again was
drowned by the gale. The keeper
made a tour of the reservation, but
the fog veui so thick that he could not
see anything, nor could he locate the
direction from which the cries came.
It was then he sounded the distress
signal.
Across the Golden Gate John Hyslop
was on the lookout for the Merchants'
Exchange, while a short distance from
him was the lookout for the Golden
Gate Life Saving station. Hyslop was
the first to make out the "distress sig
nal," and he at once notified the ex
change. It did not take long to let
the tug companies know, and in a few
moments the Shipowners" Company
had the Sea King and the Spreckels
Company the Relief on the way to the
scene. The King had a good three
quarters of a mile start, but the Re
lief overhauled her at Fort Point and
was easily first to Point Bonita. Cap
tain Clem Randall slowed down and
made an examination of the shore
line, but could see no trace of a dis
aster.
Half a dozen crab nets were out, but
there was no sign of the crab boats,
and the captain remarked to his mate:
"I wouldn't be a bit surprised if a few
fishermen had been drowned."
From Point Bonita the Sea King and
Relief went out through the north
channel and up the coast as far as
Bolinas. No sign of a wreck could be
seen nor was any vessel in distress
sighted, so both tugs returned to port.
In the meantime the life saving sta
tions had been notified and Captain
Hodgson of the Fort Point station,
BOLD CROOKS
GET AWAY WITH
VALUABLE BOOTY
Raid a Residence on
Henry Street.
THE POLICE ARE NOTIFIED
HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS WORTH
OF JEWELRY TAKEN.
The Home of Miss Wessenberg De
pleted by a Pair of Daylight
Burglars, Who Are Still
at Large.
The police are Fearehing for two day
light burglars who entered the residence
of Miss Alma Wessenberg at 71 Henry
street at noon Monday and got away with
jewelry valued at several hundred dollars
and a quantity of silverware. Last, night
Miss "Wessenberg visited police headquar
ters and furnished the detectives with a
list of the stolen property. . She particu
larly mourns the loss of a Masonic em
blem which belonged to a. dear relative.
Shortly before noon on Monday Miss
Wessenberg left her home to do some
shopping. She returned several hours
later and was surprised to find the front
door securely fastened. Thinking that
one of the occupants had unconsciously
bolted the door, she went to the rear and
was astonished to see the window broken
and half opened. Suspecting something
wrong she summoned a neighbor, who
promptly entered the house. A casual
glance convinced him that tho bouse cad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, HAKCH 15, 18 99.
Captain Varney of the Golden Gate
station and Captain Smith of the
South Side station soon had their
boats in the water and under way.
Smith and his crew had to go from
four miles south of the Cliff House to
Bakers. Beach, as they could not
launch their own boat, but even with
that handicap they were not far be
hind tho others. When they all got
acrops the Golden Gate no trace of a
disaster could be found. Captain
Hodgson ran his boat in as close to
the beach as possible and then jumped
ashore, taking with him a gun and
shot line. He clambered up the face
of the cliff and joined the lighthouse
keeper, who was waiting for him.
At that instant the cry for help
came again. It seemed to come from
the ocean side of the promontory and
thither the men made their way. An
other faint and despairing cry brought
them to the cave where the new life
paving station is to be built. The men
made their way around the cliff and
heard the cry of help distinctly.
Clinging to a rock, over which the
waves broke every few seconds, was
a fisherman. His boat was not far
away, bottom up, but the rock was
the better refuge, and to it the fisher
man clung.
Hodgson and the men from the
lighthouse did not waste any time
about getting the man off the rock.
been entered by burglars. After gaining
an entrance through the window the des
perate crooks entered every room, taking
everything of value.
Miss Wcssenberg, before leaving her
home, had placed her jewelry in a bureau
drawer, which the burglars forced open,
presumably with a "Jimmy." They ap
propriated the contents, which consisted
of several rings, a gold watch and a dia
mond brooch. Evidently dissatisfied with
their haul, the thieving pair started to
pry open a trunk containing some costly
wearing apparel, but were frightened off
by the return of Miss Wessenberg.
The detectives are satisfied that the
men were in the act of breaking open
the trunk, intending not to overlook any
thing of value, when Miss Wessenberg
returned. After she tried the front door.
they think the housebreakers, fearing ar
rest, crawled through the open window
and made their escape. ,_.* +f^ oa
Chief Lees at once detailed Detectives
Harper and Sullivan on the case with In
structions to do all In their power to ar
rest the desperate pair.
LIEUTENANT NEALL MAY
RETURN AT ANY TIME
FRIENDS VILL MAKE GOOD HIS
SHORTAGES.
The Young Officer Is Believed to
Have Been in Hiding Some
where in Mexico.
There is now reason to believe that
First Lieutenant John Neall will shortly
return and take his punishment like a
man and soldier. It will be remembered
that on February 15 Lieutenant Neall dis
appeared from the Presidio, and that a
shortage was discovered in his accounts
as canteen officer of $2000, as well as a
shortage in the accounts of the Presidio
Club, of which Lieutenant Neall was the
secretary. Ever since the occurrence the
friends of the officer have been at work
in his behalf to see what could be done.
Lieutenant Neall was extremely popular,
and there was not a more efficient officer
in the service. It has been maintained by
his friends that if he could only tell his
own story there would be found some
mitigating circumstances connected with
his disappearance. So excellent is his past
record that it is known the highest offi
cials of the army were Interested in his
case and that their influence could be
counted on in his behalf.
It is said that Lieutenant Neall has
He was on the outermost end of a
small reef and hard to get at, but with
the aid of the gun and the shot line
he was finally landed on the beach
more dead than alive. The boat, al
though capsized, was anchored, and
after some dangerous work it also was
secured, righted and anchored in a
sheltered spot.
The crab fisherman's name is Antone
Razeto. According to his story told in
the lighthouse, he went out early to
catch crabs. It was not blowing hard
and he did very well. About 9 o'clock
it began to blow and he made up his
mind to get back inside. An hour later
it was blowing a gale and the fisher
man found he could not weather
Point Bonita. He got into the little
cove and there came to anchor, but
the big seas came rolling In and cp.p
sized the boat. He got on the bottom,
but was washed off again and again.
Then he managed to get on the rock
and to it he clung, calling for help
every time there was a lull in the
wind, until his rescuers came. Had it
not been for Captain Hodgson of the
life-saving station Razeto would have
undoubtedly been drowned, as there
are neither life lines nor boat at the
lighthouse. To the lightkeeper be
longs a good share of credit, however.
On the way back from Bolinas the
tug picked up the lifeboats and towed
them to Fort Point. Razeto was too
exhausted to be moved, so he was left
at the lighthouse.
been In correspondence with his wife, and
that it is through her influence that he
may be induced to return. It is posi
tively knowji that Mrs. Neall wrote to
General ShaTter seeking- his influence in
behalf of her husband. The general was
unable to promise her anything unless
Lieutenant Neall returned and gave him
self up. However, General Shafter has
only the highest opinion of the unfortu
nate officer, and it is known that he will
do everything possible in his power to see
that he is accorded every leniency. If
Lieutenant Neall returns there is no
doubt that through the assistance of his
friends he will be able to make good his
shortage, which will leave only the mili
tary offense against him. At present
Lieutenant Neall is thought to be in Mex
ico, and it is reported that he may arrive
here by the last of the week.
General Shafter, when seen last night,
said he knew nothing about the intended
return of the officer oeyond what he had
seen In the papers, and that he could not
discuss the matter until Lieutenant Neall
had returned. It is thought that the cav
alryman will return and stand trial for
his breach of military discipline, and after
that he will resign from the army. His
ruin was wrought by gambling, but be
yond this there is nothing that can be
brought against him. The charges that
the officer was infatuated with a woman
of questionable character is not true, as
has been proven. Beyond his one weak
ness, which resulted so disastrously
Lieutenant Neall possessed qualities both
as a man and a soldier that made him
popular and deserving of every extenua
tion possible, and this he will receive if
he returns.
Another Operatic Star Here.
The Ellis Opera Company received a
strong addition from New York last
night in the person of Antonio Ceppi. the
great Italian tenor. He sang with Grau
at the Metropolitan Opera House last
Wednesday night, was released by that
management and rushed across the conti
nent. He is over six feet tall, is the only
rival of Tamagno, and will sing Rhari
ames in "Alda" to-mnrrow evening, when
Madame Gadskl makes her debut.
General Shafter's War Lecture.
The lecture to be given by General
Shafter for the benefit of the United States
Army and Navy Christian Commission at
the Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets, takes place, to-morrow night.
The subject will be ."The . Santiago de
Cuba Campaign," as witnessed by Gen
eral Shafter, who commanded the forces
of invasion.
.■♦ « ■
Miss Emma Richards, 24 Kearny street,
announces her spring opening Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, loth, 16th, and. 17th. All
are Invited, • ---__ • ,
FEDERAL OFFICE
HOLDERS WILL
BE CENSURED
Shirk Their Duties to
Do Politics.
LOBBYING IN SACRAMENTO
LYNCH, HAMILTON, STEPPACH
ER AND SHAEN NAMED.
Customs Weigher Rhodes and As
sistant Sharkey Booked for Dis
missal From the Service
for Drunkenness.
Complaints were lodged a few days ago
with Special Agents Linrk and Smith
that a largo number of Federal officials
were not giving to the duties of their of
fices that attention which they would he
obliged to give were they working for
themselves or for business men. It was
said that several of the delinquents spent
the greater part of their time In Sacra
mento lobbying in the Senatorial contest
and had left their offices in charge of
their male deputies and female typewrit
ers, to the great detriment of the service.
Among those complained of are Internal
Revenue Collector Lynch, his chief dep
uty, Jake Steppacher; Colonel "Billy"'
Hamilton, cashier of the Custom-house,
and Assistant Appraiser Jake Shaen. Mr.
Steppacher has not done a day's work in
the office since the opening of the legis
lative session nearly three months ago,
and the others have practically lived in
the State capital during the same period.
The special agents informed the com
plainants that it was the official duty of
the special agents to report to the Sec
retary of the Treasury all cases of dere
liction of duty. It did not matter to
them whether the culprit was a Presiden
tial appointee or an underling, the fault
was the same. They have already made
an investigation of the complaints, and
have found that the officials named have
boon neglectful of their duties for which
they are being paid, as charged. For In
stance, tho agents went to Appraiser Dare
for information as to the absence of As
sistant Shaen.. Mr. Dare replied that
Mr. Shaen had not averaged more than
four hours a week since hia appointment
about a year ago.
Charges nf drunkenness, neglect of duty
and conduct unbecoming Federal offi
cials preferred against Customs Weigher
Rhodes and Assistant Weigher Thomas
J. Sharkey have been investigated, and
the agents will recommend the dismissal
of Messrs. Rhodes and Sharkey from the
Bervice of the Government. Both m^n
have gone on sprees and absented them
selves from their posts for days and days
iit a time. Rhodes was investigated on a
similar charge some two years ago, but
escaped expulsion through political influ
ence, the plea of first offense and "won't
da BO any more." Another charge against
Rhodes is that of being a persistent bor
rower of money from brother officials and
others and a lapse of memory In regard
thereto when payday came around.
Rhodes and Sharkey are booked for an
early dismissal and the other and more
Influential shirkers of duty will hear from
the Treasury- Department in no uncertain
tones.
SHIP BIDSTON HILL CHARTEBED
She Will Carry Supplies for the
Troops at the Philippines.
The weatner was very "dirty" outside
yesterday, and all the coasters kept off
shore. Early In the morning It was only
blowing sixteen miles an hour from the
southeast, but at 10 a. m. the gale had
increased to 50 miles an hour. At noon
It had dropped to 40. At 3 p. m. was only
blowing 20 miles from the south, but the
glass was falling rapidly. The schooners
Premier and J. Eppinger and the barken
tines Webfoot and Leslie D were the only
arrivals during the day.
When the gale was at its height the
United States collier Brutus dragged her
anchor and drifted into the fairway. She
was notified to move and did so by drift
ing down with the tide to a safe anchor-
age
The British ship Bidston Hill has been
chartered by the Government to carry
merchandise for the troops to Manila. She
is to be paid the lump sum of $20,600. The
MADE STALE BEER FOAM
AND RATTLED SALESMEN
Charges Made Against an Organ Which Judge Conlan as
a Musical Critic Investigated to His Sorrow.
The discordant notes of an electric pipe
organ In the free lecture room of an anat
omical museum at 510 Pine street have
disturbed the merchants in the vicinity
to such an extent that they are up in
arms over the matter. Instead of con
sidering the organ a musical instrument,
'•a thing of beauty and a Joy forever,"
the business men term it an instrument
of torture which, if used in the days of
the inquisition, would have been a more
horrible punishment than the rack.
When the outraged auricular organs of
the business men had become bo tor
tured that it seemed impossible to stand
the nuisance longer, and when trade fell
off on account of the disinclination of cus
tomers to endure the electrical discords,
the interference of the law was sought.
A warrant was sworn out for the arrest
of Charles R. Tufts who operates the
infernal machine, and yesterday his case
came up in Judge Conlan's court, where
he was tried on the charge of maintain
ing a nuisance. Merchants along Kearny
street testified that the organ was a det
riment to their business and several
guests from the California stated that the
noise made by the Instrument disturbed
their slumbers. The owners of the ma
chine deposed that it was a musical in
strument of the highest grade, and that
the tunes it played were elevating.
I'nable to determine from the testimony
what ruling should be made in the case
his Honor, the Judge, expressed a desire
to hear what the defendant claimed was
music and the plaintiffs asserted to be
similar to the braying of a donkey. An
offer to bring the instrument into court
was speedily rejected by the Judge, who
announced that he would visit the place
where the bone of contention is kept.
Last evening, accompanied by the clerk
of his court and a few friends, his Honor
started for the scene of the trouble. As
ADVERTISEMENT^ _^
WASHjABRICS!
AN ELECANT
ASSORTMENT.
SILK CORDED ZEPHYRS.. 50c Yard
TUFTED ZEPHYR GINGHAMS. . .30c Yard
WOVEN EGYPTIAN TISSUES. . . 25c Yard
IRISH AND SCOTCH PRINTED DIMI-
TIES 12k and 25c Yard
FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES ...... .
12k, 15c, 25c and 35c Yard
PRINTED ENGLISH PIQUES
15c and 20c Yard
SCOTCH ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, Stripes,
Checks, Plaids and Plain . 20c and 25c Yard
SCOTCH SHIRTING CHEVIOTS. .25c Yard .
ENGLISH GALATEA CLOTHS. . . .12k Yard
PLAIN 'FRENCH ORGANDIES, all colors
(32 inches wide) 15c Yard
Extra Quality FINE PRINTED PER-
CALES and COTTON COVERT
CLOTHS 12k Yard
WHITE ENGLISH PIQUES. 20c to 75c Yard
An elegant assortment of SCOTCH TEN-
NIS FLANNELS, in both wool and silk
and wool 30c to 50c per Yard
a
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. •
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
YIN Mill
Marian! Wine Tonic
Marvellous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERY-
WHERE AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and '"MTmANI 8 iTSb.. NEW YORK.
Bldston Hill will carry about 3500 tons of
cargo, and should make the run in about
°Itls S now beginning to look as though
the British ship Dominion, out o4 days
he passed along Kearny street merchants
rushed from their doors and poured into
the ears of the Judge their tales of woe.
One asserted that the instrument made
more noise than a steam calliope; another
that it was a "rattler." His salesmen,
he claimed, would become so "rattled"
when the electricity was turned on that
they could not wait on customers and
the latter were generally so affected by
the heart-rending tones that they would
get out of earshot with all possible speed.
All prayed the Judge to see tnat tne nuis
ance was abated.
By request of the court the music box
was started. His Honor turned with the
first shot and fled for a neighboring sa
loon, but the strains of "Hail Columbia"
followed him every step of the way like
an avenging angel. With his fingers in
his ears, and trailed by the party he ■had
brought along to protect him, the Judge
sought saloon after saloon, but the "yiN
lain still pursued him." At a resort where
elixir of destruction is dispensed, foui
blocks from the stable of the beast, the>
sound was so nerve-shaking that it mad*
the stale beer foam.
"There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old
Town." "The Marseillaise." "God Save the
Queen" and "Ma Honey Boy" all sounded
alike to the Judge. He was told con
fidentially that the machine was only
t
turned on half force and he thanked
Providence that such was the case. A
merchant informed him that the organ
had been to a music store and been fixed
earlier in the day. and he muttered sottc
voce that he thought It needed more
"flxin'." Wagner wasn't in it with the
music box for noise. The Judge is a lover
of grand opera, and the strains of the in
strument grated on the musical ear which
was enraptured by the warbling of Melba
the ntght before; so when the case comes
up Thursday it is believed that should
his Honor recover sufficiently from the
experience of yesterday to attend court
the organ will be sent up tor six months.
aero cno OO O O OO O OTTO CT a a
gw F*ALACE wj
AND hotels**
g BAH rrtAncieiOO. jl
■J Connected by * covered pejjsagewa}*. **
D 1400 Rooms— With Beth Attached. a
D ' Ail Under One Management. C)
(ft FOTE THE PRIOE3: 0
-. Qwopoaa Flan.Sl.oo per <J*r *n4 vpwwd M
VAaeTtcas P1an. 93.00 per day and upward vl
0 Correspondence Solicited. q
q JOWX 0. KI&KPA7KIOK, Xuipi. Q
Elqqo oooAOoaooooe a a
from Honolulu for Puget Sound, had gone
down with all hands. She left the islands
in ballast, and it is feared that the Band
shifted during a h*arricane and the ship
turned turtle. The American ship Wilna
now in port and loading for Vladisvostok
left Honolulu about the same time as the
Dominion. The Wilna has been to Puget
Sound, where she discharged her ballast
and loaded for San Francisco, arriving
here nearly two weeks ago.
Charred With Perjury.
Benjamin J. Goldman, liquor dealer, 119
Bush street, swore to a complaint In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday fcr the
.arrest of James Mershon, a liquor dealer
on Battery street, on a charge of perjury.
Mershon had Goldman arrested for
threats against life and on March 7 Judga
Graham, after hearing the evidence, dis
missed the case.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY. THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market ■treet.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and moat suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fall because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
Ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the followfn*
diseases. Vitality and Vigor Imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cures
guaranteed:
Kidneys. Briftht's Disease,
Catarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
Lun*s, Blood and Skin,
Head, Rupture.
ear Rheumatism.
Bladder. Diseases of Rectum,
Liver. Spleen. Vorlcocele,
Stomach, Hvdrocele,
: And all swellings, tenderness and lm-
pediments of the sexual parts: effects of
: indiscretions in youth or excesses In
after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases: lack of vitality: sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, failing
■ memory, despondency, etc.. promptly and
i effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITEif you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
> cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
Some by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours—a to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to 3
p. m.; Sundays from 10 to 2.
lA/. T. HESS,
JTOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st<> below Fow«U»
Baa Francisco.