VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 10*.
INGLESIDE'S EVIL REIGN IS
ENDED BY THE SUPERVISORS
The reign of the race-track gamblers has closed in San Francisco. The solemn protest of every decent element of the city has been answered by
the Board of Supervisors and bookmaking and poolselling within the limits of the city are prohibited by authority of law. The blackleg invaders, who
brought in their train to San Francisco the manifold evils of vice, must ply their trade elsewhere.
Ingleside may keep open its gates, but the hazard of a dollar on a horse race to-day means the commission of a misdemeanor and the penalty
of a fine and an imprisonment. The Supervisors were true to their trust. They were proof against the allurements of the gamblers and by a majority of
nine votes made the great measure a law. The Board won a most unusual tribute of commendation from Mayor Phelan, who signed the ordinance the
instant that it had received the official sanction of the Supervisors. - .
Through their official representatives the people of San Francisco have won a victory that means much to the most sacred interests of the
community. The pulpit, the press, agents of good and men and women of every reputable class will welcome the doom of the gamblers as the dawn of
THE people of San Francisco have
won their battle against the cor
rupting, degrading, criminal ex
istence of the bookmakers and
poolsellers. The Supervisors have
honored themselves as the official rep
resentatives of the moral elements of
the city and have made gambling. on
horseracing and coursing in this city
and county a criminal offense. Mayor
Phelan has signed the new ordinance,
and with his signature has made the
law operative. Any bookmaker that
accepts a wager atlngleside to-day will
be arrested, fined or imprisoned. or both
fined and imprisoned for his violation
of the law. Any poolseller that plies
his vicious trade will be sought out and
punished. The people of San Francisco
have won a splendid triumph ever a
gigantic evil, whose devastating power
grew greater as the years passed.
The victory is one achieved by many
forces organized for a common
cause. The warning words of
clergymen were heard in a score
of pulpits on Sunday night. The
warning was heeded, and those that
spoke have now the knowledge of suc
cess well Wen in a worthy cause. Mer
chants contributed their solemn plea
for themselves and for those in their
service. Workingraen spoke for their
families and. their homes. The police
added the terrible story of their expe
rience with the evils of the race course
and convict cells gave their testimenvof
dread to arraign th curs? of the course.
The Call recorded the daily tragedies
of wrecked lives and ruined homes, the
pitiable trophies of the ramblers of the
track. With a common impulse these
factors combined their forc° of pleading
for ■ i-<ir<-. and the Supervisors an
swered with the law that will rid the
city of the spay.-— . of Ki^cklecs that with
their presence brought defilement to
lives and homes.
The Bcene It. the chamber of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday after
noon was an Impressive one. Clergy
men, merchants, worl-cingmen. repre
sentatives of th best elements of the
city, were there to lend the dignity
' a nd the encou — orient of their-pres
ence. The shabby followers of the
race course were there too in eager
curiosity to learn the fate of their
masters. Supervisor Perrault. to
•whom so much la due for the enact
ment of the new law. asked a suspen
sion of the rules and an immediate
consideration of the ordinance against
bookmaking and pool selling. The re
quest was heartily granted and Super
visor Perrault called for a vote on final
adoption.
There was a critical moment nf hesi
tancy, and then a gentleman sitting
r.^ar Supervisor Holland arose and
asked to be heard. He was Qreen. the j
secretary of Ingleside. Before he
spoke the Supervisors decided that
speeches must be limited to a few :
minutes. This decision was unnecea- ;
sary, although Supervisor Holland de
dared that he needed light Mr. Green
■poke briefly and painfully. He wanted
•what The Call predicted he would want
— delay. He said that great property
interests were involved at Ingleside.
that much money was invested there i
and that many people earned their 1
daily bread in their service to the .
track.
Mr. Green declared, with absolute j
truth, that he was a poor pleader and j
that in justice to Ingleside the Super- i
visors ought to postpone action until
the president of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club, ex-State Senator Androus,
could be heard. Mr. Androus, so the
secretary said, was unavoidably out of
town.
"But." interjected Supervisor Per- j
rault, "doesn't Sam Rainey look after
the interests of the association in the
absence of the president?"
"I don't know about that," was the
reply.
"Well, I do," said Supervisor Per
rault, and that ended the discussion.
As a matter of fact Mr. Androus was
out of town. He went away, he said,
to think, and it is believed that he is
thinking yet. While he was away Sam j
Rainey and Phil Crimmins were also |
thinking in a prominent Market street j
resort. They were thinking of a new
era in municipal politics and of the
dawn of decency in public affairs.
When Secretary Green concluded his j i
talk to the members of the board there
■was again an awkward silence. It was ,
thought that the gamblers would fight
more stubbornly. But no one spoke for ,
the giant evil and the vote of the Su
b was called and taken.
ite silence fell upon the great
In the meeting chamber as Su- ]
pervlsor Holland, the first called, arose
to explain his vote. When he voted aye ■
waa a murmur of gratification. (
Supervisor Kalben asked to be ex
cused. He said he did not dare offend
the friends or the enemies of the gam- :
blera by voting either way. He was '
excused. Supervisor Black voted no.
After that was a series of eight votes
in favor of the law and adoption was a ;
Certainty. The Supervisors had vindi- j i
The San Francisco Call.
:ated their right to be called the offl
:ials of decent men and women. The
ussembly chamber rang with applause
hat no one cared to silence.
Supervisor Perrault asked Mayor
'helan to sign the ordinance. The
»layor motioned to the clerk and
xasped a pen. In an instant the signa
ure of the city's chief executive was
n the ordinance, and the city's great
iattle had been won. It was little won
er that the clergymen in the audience
vere perhaps the most demonstrative
n their tribute, for the signature of
rlayor Phelan means much to the
omes of San Francisco.
The proceedings were of such im
iortance that a stenographic report is
iven, as follows:
Mr. Perrault— l now move that we sus
ierid all other matters and take up the
ace and poolroom order out of regular
rder.
The Mayor— Ts that motion seconded?
Mr. Aigeltingrr— 1 second the motion.
The Mayor— ls there any objection?
learing none the motion Is carried, the
ules are suspended and the clerk will
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
M patronized season of. racing in a great city of pleas
§l ure-ioving people would be acceptable to all liberal-minded
B 1 men, but they will not accept the pillage of a community
even if the legitimate sport and breeding of horses are urged as
a reason for it. In other words, we are asked to pay too high a
price for good sport. Can we not have good sport without pay
ing so dearly for it? I believe we can" — Extract from 'Mayor
Phelan's justification of his action in signing theanti-bookmak
ing and pool-selling ordinance.
i read the order on Its final passage.
COrder read by the clerk.)
The Mayor— The order is on its final
passage. Who moves that it be finally ]
passed?
Mr. Aigel linger— l do.
Mr. Perrault— l second the motion.
The Mayor — The question is now before
the board on final passage. Is there any
objection?
Mr. Black— l move that we hear from
Mr. Green, the secretary of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club.
Mr. Perrault — I move to amend that we
limit all talk on this subject to about five
minutes.
Mr. Holland— l move that the gentleman
I be allowed to speak as long as he pleases.
! This is a serious question — one that af
{ fects all classes of society, and we cannot
perhaps have all the light needed on this
subject in five minutes.
The Mayor— Do you object to th©
amendment for a five minutes' limit?
Mr. Holland— Yes, sir.
The Mayor— lt has been moved and reg
i ulariy seconded that the remarks of Mr.
I Green" and others who may be invited to
! uddress the board be limited to five min
utes each. Are you ready for the ques
tion?
Mr. Aigeltinger— l don't think we ou;:ht I
to r eatrlct this to five minutes. Give !
everybody a fair and impartial hearing, ;
| and then let us Judge for ourselves.
Mr. Lackmann- 1 also object to that
motion to limit to five minutes: This is a I
very srrious question to these gentlemen, j
and I believe in giving them all the time |
they want. If their talk extends over five
minutes, ten minutes or fifteen minutes I
I am perfectly satisfied to hear all they
have to say.
Mr. Perrault— l withdraw the amend
ment.
Mr. Green— l appear hefore you, gen
tlemen, to-day on behalf of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club to ask that this mat
ter be laid over for a sufficient length of
time to enable us to present our side of j
the case. Mr. Crocker, our vice president. I
unfortunately is HI and unable to be here.
Mr. Androus, our president, is not in the
j city, and they are unable to appear be
i fore you at this time. There are large
[ Interests at stake, and it is no more than
right that more time should be given to
the consideration of this matter. The
Pacific Coast Jockey Club has a large
amount of money invested in this prop
erty at Ingleside, and a great many peo-
I pie are dependent for their daily bread
; upon the salaries that they are now draw- !
i ing there. All we ask a.nd all we have
I asked from this board is an opportunity
of presenting our side of the case.
Mr. Lackmann— Mr. Gret-n, can't you or
your association have the opportunity to
rlo that here to-day? This was passed to 1
[ print a week ago, and It seems to me ]
that provision could have been made to ]
present this to-day, or to appear before '
the board with any arguments that you !
may have to present.
Mr. Green— As I say. our president is
out of town, and Mr. Crocker, our vice
president, who is largely interested in the
property, has been too ill to attend to the ,
matter. They have asked me to appear :
before you and ask for a postponement
of this matter. I see no necessity of i
rushing the matter through. It seems no
more than right that we should be given
an opportunity for a hearing.
Mr. Lackmann- Could not your presi
dent have been here to-day?
Mr. Green— No, sir.
Mr. Lackmann— He had a whole week to
get ready to appear here.
Mr. Perrault— ln his absence, were not
his interests looked after well and active
ly by Mr. Sam Kainey?
Mr. Green— l don't know about that.
Mr. Perrault— Well. I say yes: I know
It. Question.
The Mayor— Are you ready for the ques
tion on final passage of the order? The
clerk will call the roll.
The clerk then called the name of Mr.
Holland, who said: "This is a very seri
ous question, and I think we should hear
both sides. They have large interests at
stake, here, and so has the public large
interests at stake. I am ready to vote
for the resolution, but at the same time
I am in favor of all kinds of legitimate
sport. There is no one who will deny
that horse racing, as carried on at pres
ent, has deteriorated from the purpose of
encouraging the industry of raising fine
horses in this State. I consider the lat
ter is as great and legitimate an industry
as the making of raisins or wine. It is
one of our great industries, and has beer*
so recognized by .our Legislature In mak
ing provision for the State fair. I hope
the Legislature will continue to recognize
It by devoting a week each year to speed
contests between California-bred horses
alone, so that we can show to the world
by the records they make that we have
in California the best country in the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
world for raising 1 fast horses. At any
time, if an order be framed here that will
legalize horse-racing to be carried on le
gitimately and in such a way as to ex
clude boys and grirls from attendance up
on races, and will honestly stimulate and
encourage the raising of such horses. I
shall be in favor of it and will vote for
it, even if it is next Monday. I will vote
for the present resolution.
Mr. Kal'uen. when his name was called,
said: "Mr. Mayor and gentlemen: I have
this thing- up a little bit and I
find that I cannot vote for the resolution.
My only reason is— and I .can explain it
to you here — that my business does not
allow me to do so; therefore I would
rather not vote at all than to be recorded
as voting."
Mr. Black voted no without remark,
and Messrs. Perrault, Lackmann. Bying
ton, Collins. Heyer, Deasy, Attridge and
Aigeltinger aye.
The Mayor declared the result— 9 ayes,
1 no. 1 fxciisrd, 1 (Mr. Phelps) absent, and
the resolution finally passed, whereat the
lobby applauded.
Mr. Perrault— On behalf of this commu
nity I now request the Mayor to attach
his signature to that order and have It
! become- a law at once.
The Mayor— l wUI give the order my
host attention. I do not hesitate to say
that I approve of it. and have no objec
tion to signing it now.
The Mayor then attached, his signature,
the crowded lobby applauding heartily.
At the conclusion of the meeting
Mayor Phelan and every member Qf the
board were interviewed in reference to
th great public duty which they had
| performed. Supervisor Phelps was not
i present at thp meeting, did not vote
and consequently was not interviewed.
In what follows the people of San Fran
cisco may see clearly how deeply the
Mayor and the Supervisors felt the re
sponsibility of their position.
MVYOR JAMES D. PHELAJf 1
dinned the ordinance of the Super
visors, having been requested to do
so by Supervisor Perranlt in open
board, nnd because I waa familiar
with the order and needed no time
to consider it.
There was an attempt made last
year to limit the raring season In
I this city to a certain number of
| weeks — I forjret the exact period,
nix or eight weeks and It whs then,
with a certain amount of reason,
objected to by the managers of
Ingleslde track, that as the regula
tion would only apply to them It
would give the Oakland track all
| the business without relieving the
people of San Francisco, on account
of the proximity of Oakland, of any
of the evils of which complaint Is
made. It was tacitly understood at
that time that the legislature
j would be asked to regulate the «ea
i son so It would apply to all tracks
alike. This, as I said, appeared
reasonable, but when the bills were
submitted to the Legislature they
were opposed ■ and failed to pass.
Therefore the Board of Supervisors
had to begin the regulation of the
evil on their own account.
It Is true that the passage of this
order will not in any way interfere
with the selling of pools in other
counties adjacent to San Francisco,
but it may serve as an example and
i an object lesson. Certainly if the
selling of pools is a detriment to the
morals and business of San Fran
cisco, it Is equally Injurious to the
business and morals of other places.
In New York and other Eastern
States the Legislature has limited
the period of racing to a certain
nnmber of weeks, which I think: Is
the true solution of the question,
and if our Legislature had done so
and the managers of the race tracks
co-operated, as they promised last
year, there might not have been any
necessity for this stringent order.
The length of the season encour
aged people to make a regular busi
ness of attendance on the races, and
the sport degenerated into gam
bling, and as a result we find the
greatest demoralisation. Vast num
bers of people made a business of
i gambling, and I suppose that 99 per
cent of them lost their earnings and
their savings. The practice discour
aged honest toll, prevented the
smaller merchants from collecting
their bills for the necessities of life
supplied to families, and was no
doubt the cause of poverty, suicide
and crime.
The breeding and the racing of
horses can be carried on -without
the bookmakers. If there were a
short season the people would pat
ronize liberally the track for the
J sake of the sport; and prises conld
be offered as an incentive to the
owners to enter their horses. The
fees for entry and a percentage of
the gate receipts would be ample
for the prizes, and when the Park
Panhandle Is extended and other
boulevards laid out our people will
purchase well-bred horses for their
own pleasure, thus making a mar
ket where none now exists.
It Is not only a matter of morals,
but la a matter of Inilueii. TJ»«2
merchants have been complaining;
loudly about the diversion of money
into the pockets of the bookmakers
— by this meant It is lost to city and
State. The Inability of men. here
tofore of good credit, to nay their
bills, and the general demoraliza
tion,: smaller in degree but similar
in kind, is like the fever which ex
isted 'during the "wildcat" stock ex
citement of the last generation. For
these reasons, mid on account of my
familiarity with the case made by
the managers of the race track,
which was presented to me ofllcially
last year, I was ready to, and did.
sign this order as soon as it passed.
It Is unusual to sign an order so
promptly.' As a. general proposition
I take the time : the law allows for
the purpose of hearing objections.
I would like to point out the folly
of the Board of Management of the
race track in not listen to the
advice of the Board of Supervisors
of last year and having: the legis
lature pass a law limiting the sea
ton to a certain nnmber of weeks.
"We have the opera season and
everybody attends, deriving enjoy
ment and musical education. If we
had grand opera for ? six months
very few could afford to attend, and
very "few would be tempted to at
tend because there would be no
season. They would defer going un
til .the end, and perhaps not go at
all. The very frequency of the
operas- would surfeit them. Where
as, now. by having a "limited season,
everybody goes as a matter of taste
or ' fashion, pays for the privilege
for the season, and the box office re
ceipts enable, the management to
give the very best talent without
selling pools on the merits of the
performers. ■' « ■• • ' ' - .• ••'
So a well patronized season of
racing in a great city of pleasure
loving people would be acceptable
by all liberal-minded men, but they
will not accept the pillage of a
community even If \ the legitimate
sport and the breeding of horses are
urged as a reason for it. In. other
words, we are asked to pay too high
a price "for good sport. Can we not
have good sport without paying so
dearly for It? I believe we can.
SUPERVISOR PERRAULT — The
resolution passed as I was sure it
would after I heard my colleagues
express themselves on the measure.
It means much to the merchants anil
to the respectable members of so
ciety in this city. The race track
has long been, a drain on them
financially, to say nothing of its
blighting influence on all who per
mitted themselves to be drawn into
its whirlpool of infamy. The salu
tary effect of the new law should be
felt at once, as it will relieve the
tension under which many people of
this city have existed for six months
in the year for several years past.
SUPERVISOR I,A( KMANX — The
main benefit to be derived from the
passage of the ordinance will be
the closing up of the pool rooms.
The law is so general that it closes
down the bookmakers at the track
and does away with the side-street
evils in our city. I am glad that
their influence has been eliminated
by the adoption of the law, and I
only hope that the governing bodies
across the bay will follow our ex
ample and stamp out the pest. . V
As It is, those 'who are inilona to
bet their money on the races will of
necessity be compelled to go either
to Emeryville. Oakland or Sansallto.
As this will make it more difficult
than heretofore, it is hoped the
temptation to gamble will be les
sened.
50 far as the constitutionality of
the law is concerned, it is my opin
ion that this board has power to
regulate such things.
I am pleased that my fellow mem
bers voted, as I did, as the best citi
zens of the community .demanded
the passage of- the law. I am not In
favor of any action that will tend
to nullify the ordinance. Racing un
der Ms present conditions is injur
ious to our city. It is a good sport
if pool selling is eliminated, but
nnttl that Is done I don't . believe
the gamblers should be allowed to
continue in the business.
SUPERVISOR BYIXGTOX— I voted
in favor of the resolution because
great abuses have grown up under
the pool selling system as it existed
at the race track, and because it
was a reform called for and de
manded by the best citizens of . the
community. Ah a Supervisor I was
elected to respect the ■wishes of
those who have the_ welfare of the
city at heart. Personally 1 do not
believe in the existence of the
temptations held out by gambling
which draw our men and women
away from the pursuit of an honest
business calling.
I believe tills resolution was
passed in good faith and that the
Board of Supervisors should not be
continually open to an influence
that will cause a suspension of the
ordinance 'whenever those control
ling the race track wish it done. If
that 'were the intention of the board
It was an entirely useless procedure
to adopt the measure. •
" I think the passage of the ordi
nance-will have a good influence
upon the young men of our city. In
my opinion there was no -greater
danger ' held out to a community
than the temptation of squandering
the resources of an honest liveli
hood at the- race track.
1 SUPERVISOR AIGEI/TIXGER — I
voted In favor of the passage 'of the
ordinance because I thought .racing
had been overdone In 'this town, and
that our commercial interests had
greatly suffered on account of the
prolonged meetings. I believe in
treating the race track people fair
ly, but I think they have been* un
wise in holding such long meetings.
In the Eastern cities ' they - are re
stricted to a certain number* of
weeks, and I cannot understand
why San Francisco does not do like
wise.
SUPERVISOR HOLLAND I think I
am strongly on record regarding
mj- position in thin matter. It is the
gross* abuses that have developed in
the racing game to which I have
taken exception. - I would like to
»cc the Legislature legalize one
great race day, or a. week of racing,
nt which California-bred homed
could be ween in competition.. If
people could nee ' a race like the
English Derby or the Grand Prix of
France they would not want to sec
- the sport abolished entirely. This
is the only concession I would muke
to the men of the race course.
SUPER VISOR/ ARTHUR ATTRIDGE
- — I voted for the resolution because
I considered it the only means of
staying the progress of an evil
which has nlready worked its Minis
ter effects in society. For a time I
have watched^ the methods of the
racing men and the pursuits of
gambling, and came to the conclu
sion that instead of the evil show
ing signs of abatement it has passed
the limit of moral endurance. Hence
I considered but one thing proper
in the premises, and I cast my vote
to call a halt In the sport of horse
racing.
I certainly am in favor of tenting j
speed and quality of horseflesh on
the turf. California has a magnifi
cent future in that respect, and 1
would not' for a moment entertain
n thought of abolishing horse rac
ing, but the gambling attending it
has become too prevalent And has
wrought too much ruin. Hy the
adoption of the ordinance we have
placed ourselves as dominant over
the racing men. We do not intend
to deprive them of all privileges,
and may yet grunt to them certain
concesisons. What those concessions
will be I am not yet in a position to
state, but the limitation of the
period of racing may be one of
them. During such meets we may
permit betting, but we will place
certain restrictions upon it and
modify its demoralizing effects.
SI PERVISOR COLLIXS — I cast my
vote, in favor of the resolution pro
hibiting; betting or pool selling on
horse races within thin city and
county for the reason that I llrinly
believed that the people demanded
that heroic measures should be re
sorted to in order to check the evil.
I have always felt that race track
gambling has been carried too far.
I voted in favor of passing the reso
lution to print, and, realising the
evil behind bookmaking and pool
selling as it is carried on to-day, no
power on earth could make me
change my vote. To be frank, how
ever, I must say that I believe that
the resolution was n bit too sweep
ing in its effect. It would have been
better, perhaps, to place rigid re
strictions on the race track people,
instead of revoking their privileges
altogether. However, I believe that
the ordinance will have a good
effect.
SUPERVISOR HEYER — I am ex
tremely pleased that the resolution
prohibiting race track gambling
was favored by so many members of
the board. When the matter was
first mentioned I placed myself on
record as being in favor of it. There
w*s little doubt In my mind that the
Ingleside people carried their
schemes too far. Women and young
girls were gradually being demor
alized by the temptation of the
track. The phantom inducements of
the race track discouraged many a
man and woman from honest toil.
The vote the resolution received
to-day is certainly a great victory
for public-spirited people. I was
sick enough to stay at home to-day,
but I felt that I should attend here
to cast my vote in such a good
cause.
SUPERVISOR KALBEX — My posi
tion on this matter is much more
delicate than any other man on the
board, therefore I want you to treat [
me as kindly as possible. I am in j
the liquor business, and am brought .
in contact with racing people every |
day. My enstomers, too, exerted !
every effort to have me vote against
the resolution. I did not want to do
either, so I decided not to tote at
all on the proposition.
SI PERVISOR DEASY — I rejoice at
the victory we have won over the ;
gnmblers. This ordinance which I
we have succeeded in adopting will
greatly benefit onr city. It will be
n benefit both from a moral and
business standpoint. These gam
blers take more money away from a
town than they leave in It. I voted
for the resolution simply because I
believed that the loose methods of
the race track people were demor
alizing onr young people. Young
boys were succumbing daily to the
temptations of the race track. It has
been a powerful agency in making
criminals. \ow that gambling has
been prohibited entirely, 'I trust
that the board will see nt to keep it
in check forever.
•St PERVISOR BLACK — I voted
against I»r. Perranlt's resolution
simply because I was convinced that
it was too sweeping in its effect.
Had a resolution been Introduced
restricting or limiting the racing
season I would probably have sup
ported it. The race track people
bave certain rights which can not
be ignored.
THE POLICE WILL ACT.
Chief Lees Declares That He Will
Enforce the New Ordinance
To-Day.
"I will enforce the ordinance pro
hibiting gambling on horse races at
Ingleside track, which was passed
yesterday afternoon by the Board of
Supervisors, to the full limit of the
law," said Chief Lees when seen, last
night. "When a new ordinance is
passed by the board it is customary
to notify me immediately after it is
signed by the Mayor. I presume !
the clerk of the board will serve me !
with a copy of the ordinance to-mor
row morning. I will then proceed
instantly to see that every provision
of the new law is carried out. Any
bookmaker who attempts to disobey
the ordinance will be arrested imme
diately. If the Mayor has already
signed the ordinance, and I under
stand that he has, I will make it my j
business to see that the law is not |
violated at the track to-morrow after
noon."
HE SEEKS TIME TO THINK.
Androus Threatens That Ingleside
Will Be To-Day as It Was
Yesterday.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— Ex-State Senator
Androus, president of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club, was seen at his hotel in
this city this evening and told of Chief
Lees' declaration that he would place
under arrest any one who to-morrow
should make a book or sell pools at In
gleside track or other resort in San
Francisco. He was asked what action
he as president of the association would
•take in the matter.
He replied: "This has all come about
jso suddenly that we have made no
■ plans; we have had no time exactly to
I figure our position. In fact, I Have
! come up here to think-
"We did not expect the action taken
by the board to-day. We thought we
knew last night, as far as that is con
cerned, that this was &oiae asaiust us»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
but thought we would get at least one
layover. A man accused of murder
isn't arrested, tried and hanged all In a
day, is he? He gets a layover, doesn't
he?"
The Call representative made no re
mark upon the gentle art of murder as
compared by Senator Androus with the
more profitable business he is engaged
In, but permitted him to continue.
"It is more than probable that Ingie
side will be running to-morrow and
that the bookmaking will 'go right on
as it has although I say positively that
i we intend to comply with the law, even
I If we must eventually close Ingleside to
do so', but you can say I think without
fear of contradiction that Ingleside will
be to-morrow as it v.as yesterday and
to-day. We have yet had time neither
. to plan nor think. This has come sooner
| than we had figured."
Just what brings Senator Androus
to Sacramento is raising some little
question here among the touts of the
: Oakland layout. That he has come up
: lure "to think" may be true, but the
insinuation is rife that it is "to think
up" some scheme for State relief at the
j hands of the present Legislature, late
! as it Is even to contemplate such ac
| tion.
A State law legalizing Ingleside's
chief incentive to suicide and embez
zlement would absolutely nullify this
morning's action of the Board of Su-
I pervisors, and the tip has gone out that
Androus has this in prospect. His pres
ence on the floor of both, the Assembly
and Senate and his close consultations
with numerous prominent legislators
! would indicate at least that a dark
brown think is not all that has brought
him up here to the capital.
WHAT THE TOILEES SAY.
Trades Union Men as a Unit Indorse
the Action of Supervisors.
It is safe to- say that no class of
people is more highly elated at the vic
tory over the gamblers of Ingleside
than the workingmen of this city.
The quarterly high jinks of Carpen
ters' Union Xo. 483 brought a large
number of laboring men together/ and
the racetrack question was the general
subject of the side conversation. It
was not regularly brought up. It could
not be at a gathering where dull care
was to be thrown aside and merriment
to hold sway, but, like the imp in the
bottle, it could not be kept down.
There was no two opinions on the
subject. All were glad that the bill had
passed. Every place In the city where
a group of laboring men could be found
together the action of the Supervisors
was commented upon and commended.
At the hall of the Labor Bureau Asso
ciation it was the one topic of conver
sation around the chess boards, at the
cigar counter and the billiard tables.
Every word uttered was a word of
praise for the men who were not afraid
of the combined gamblers and honestly
stood up for the good of the community
in the face of the open threats set afloat
by the racetrack men.
In other places where union men, and
men who work hard for their daily
bread, congregate nightly, the same
state of affairs was noticeable. Numer
ous tales of the track were told — here a
friend had fallen, there the tale of a
disgraced public official was recounted
and occasionally direct personal expe
riences and family skeletons were
trotted out to public view.
The workingmen, however, as a class,
have for once taken a firm stand
against altogether outside "trade rules"
| and "routine business." They were on
the winning side and they are proud
of it.
! "STBIKINQ MARBLE CUTTERS~
Peace Made With One Firm and War
Declared Against Another.
The strike of the marble cutters is prac
tically over. The firm of Ruffino &
Bianehl has agreed to take back the em
! ployes at the old rate of wages.
The men employed by the Vermont
"KID" M'COY, THE ADMIRED.
AMONG the many men who follow athletic sports as a means of gaining
a livelihood the young and agile "Kid" McCoy is the most admired
of any boxer, wrestler, runner or ball player who hag visited this city
since sport of any kind was inaugurated.
The quiet and unassuming pugilist who, by his lightning movements in
the ring and ability to administer heavy punishment to an opponent, has
won fame all through this country, is now domiciled at Henry L,eonhar<lt'B
emporium of sport commonly known as the Casino, in Golden Gate Park.
Leonhardt is a great admirer of his charge, who, he contends, was "correctly
named 'Kid' because of his retiring and gentlemanly disposition."
McCoy is visited daily by hundreds of admirers, although it will be some
weeks before he will have to give an account of himeelf when he toes the
scratch with his formidable opponent, Joe Choynski. Those who have seen
McCoy punch the bag at the Casino say that it is worth an admission fee to
any one who has a fancy for the sport.
Th,- "Kid" La rapidly rounding into shape and will be fit to go any dis
tance in a week from now.
IS RACING A GAME OF
CHANCE OR SCIENCE?
A Knotty Problem That the Hill Tribe
of Sausalito May Force the Su
preme Court to Solve.
Is poolselling a banknigr or a percentage game?
In other words, is horse racing a game of chance or a game of science?
That is the proposition the poolsellers who want to do business in
Sausalito will have to go up against in the near future, and it can readily
be seen that they are going to have an exceedingly unhappy time of it.
The status of horse racing is to be decided first by Superior Judge An
gellottl. and finally, in all probability, by the Supreme Court. If the bookies
undertake to prove the sport a game of chance it Js all off with them right
at the start under the present laws against gambling; if they make the stand
that it is purely a game of science It will be a frank admission from in
siders that the Corrigan methods are the scientific points of the sport; that
superior speed has nothing to do with winning races, but it all depends on
the jockeys and Jockeying.
With this admission on their part it would seem reasonable to expect
that their patrons might fall away to insignificant numbers, knowing that
the "science" was all on the other side, and in consequence the game would
languish in the English colony across the bay.
But that is just what the Sausalitans— or that part known as the Hill
tribe— want. Poolselling, and the sporting fraternity generally, are unwel
come visitors there and they are determined to bar them out altogether.
The Hillites thought the Legislature would do something, but when their
Senator, General Dickinson, was stricken with tongue paralysis or some
thing else at a critical stage, and the bill that would have emancipated
them, had it become a law, was lost, they gave up hope from that source
and sought refuge in the courts.
The Buffalo Hotel, owned by Charles Forrest, seems to be the greatest
source of disquietude to the Hill tribe, and some weeks ago H. H. Noble,
who owns property in the immediate vicinity, filed a bill in equity, through
his attorneys, Brunell & Treat, alleging, first, that the hotel was conducted
as a common gaming house; second, that a lottery was conducted there in
poolselling, and third, that a banking and percentage game was operated
there. Judge Angellotti sustined tho demurrer on the ground that there
were not enough facts to institute the action, as they did not show that
Noble's property was specifically injured, although the demurrer admitted
all the allegations.
Yesterday an amended complaint was filed, alleging, in addition to the
first named offenses, that the Buffalo Hotel is a disorderly house in the
meaning of the law, and a menace to the peace and comfort . of the Hill
tribe. Moreover, it alleges that it is impossible to sell or rent property in
the vicinity owing to the character of the house. In support of this it is
cited that three lots belonging to the estate of the late Julia Mills have been
in the market for some time, but it is utterly impossible to sell them- for the
reason given. Further, Mr. Noble alleges that the banks refuse to loan
money on his property, and he cannot find a tenant or purchaser for it,
because of the same reason.
The case will be fought to the bitter end on the part of the property
owners at least, and if they are defeated in the lower court they will carry
the case to the Supreme Court. That tribunal has never passed upon the
status of poolselling as a sport or gambling proposition, and a decision
from it will be awaited with interest.
Marble Company are still out, but it Is
the intention of the union to fight this
concern rather, than attempt to make
peace with ' it. The Vermont Marble
Company is a foreign concern. Its chief
office is in Vermont, and Senator Proctor
is its ruling spirit. It takes - contracts
in this city, but will have the actual work
dqne either here or In the Green Moun
tain State. For this reason the mem
bers of the union are determined to fight
it. A prominent member said last night:
"We have come to a satisfactory agree
ment with Ruffino & Bianchi, a purely
local concern, but we have no use for
the Vermont Marble Company. We ■will
fight like the Greeks of old and our fight
will be to have all local marble work kept
within the State. If we succeed it will
be the finish of the foreign company. A
number of plumbers, who have been In
the habit of giving out their marble work
indiscriminately, have . been . interviewed
on the subject, and when the matter was
fairly presented to them they agreed to
piv-e. their work only to local concerns.
We have succeeded in the past in keep
ing many large contracts at home ; and I
think we can do so in the future. ' ...
Army and Navy.
The Zinkanri is the army and navy head
quarters for dinner in San Francisco. •
MISCARBIAGE OF JUSTICE.
Criminal Escapes Because of Dilatory
Methods of Federal Officials.
There was a lamentable miscarriage of
justice yesterday morning in the United
States District Court, when Judge de
Haven ordered the indictment brought
against W. H. M. Ogg dismissed and the
prisoner discharged because the principal
witness for the prosecution had not been
subpenaed and had left the city the even
ing before.
Ogg was a resident of Sacramento and
was indicted on compjaint of Superinten
dent Thrall of the Railway Mail Service
and charged with using the mails for the
transportation of immoral matter in the
shape of drugs. Last Monday the sub
penas for the defendant were placed in
the hands of the United States Marshal
for service. A Deputy Marshal served the
subpenas in Sacramento and El Dorado
counties, but he neglected to serve one on
Superintendent Thrall, the most vital wit
ness on the part of the Government.
Tnraii's office is less than 100 yards rrom
the office of the United States Marshal,
and the,deputy took it for granted that he
fcould be served at any time. The delay
was fatal, for last Sunday night Mr.
Thrall left for "Washington in obedience
to a dispatch from the Postmaster Gen
eral, ana when the subpena was taken to
his office yesterday morning, of course he
could not be found.
As it was conceded that a conviction
was Impossible without Mr. Thrall's evi
dence, Judge de Haven threw the case out
of court.
Seats for the Bostonians.
Seats will be placed on sale Thursday
morning for the engagement of the Bos
toriiffhs at the Columbia Theater. Many
Inquiries have been made concerning the
season of l'ght opera and this popular
company will r.o doubt have its. usual
warm welcome- The opera announced for
the opening next Monday night is Smith
and De Koven's romantic light opera
"Rob Roy," which will no. doubt duplicate
hefre Its success In the East. The entire
strength of the organization will appear
each night in, the opera.
Kennel Club Affairs.
The American Kennel Club has officially
notified its Pacific special committee
that the powers demanded by the latter
were granted at the annual meeting of
the club. These powers virtually con
stitute the committee the governing au
thority on the coast, with full authority
except as rpgards the right of granting
Btud book dates.
Tb^flrst meeting of the special commit
tee" will be held at the Occidental Hotel
Thursday evening.
General Shafter's Lecture.
Much interest is being manifested in.
the lecture to be Riven by Major Gtetieral
Shafter at the association auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets, next' Thursday
evening 1 at 8 o'clock. A limited mimber of
reserved seats will be disposed of which
are n.ow on sale by Sherman,- Clay & Co.
A committee of fifty business men will
receive General Shafter in the parlors of
the association, and the general will be
Introduced by Mayor Phelan. Preceding
the lecture Miss Grace I. Davis will sing
"The Star Spangled fanner. '
In the Divorce Court.
Daisy Neill has been granted a divorce
from Frank Neill on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Walter S. Miller was
granted a divorce yesterday from Emma
Miller on the ground:. of willful desertion.
Florence B. Doud has sued B. Doud for
divorce, alleging desertion as cause of ac
tion. This morning Judge Hunt will take
up and probably determine the suit re
cently instigated by Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-
Fennell for drvoroe from her husband
Gerald M.'Fennell. Mrs. Fennell alleges
desertion as cause for action.
ORATORY OVER ISLANDS
AND KINDERGARTENS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— Two swamp-bound
Islands in H-.imboldt Bay and a little
matter of kindergartens were responsible
for most of the oratory given oft during
the day in the Assembly.
Senator Gillette's Senate bill 461 appro
priates $13,000 of the State's money with
which: to purchase two small islands
almost In the channel of Humboldt har
bor. The Islands are at present owned
by private parties, the smaller one of
thirty acres, by Daniel Curran, the larger,
one of seventy acres, by Robert Gunther.
Both are needed In the improvements that
the Increasing business of Homboldt
bay maices necessary.
Benator Glllette"s bill makes provision
for the purchase and the price fixed is
considered by those who have investigat
ed the matter thoroughly to be a rea
sonable one.
Grove Johnson, who had not Investigat
ed the proposition, did not think so, how
ever, and for reasons best known to John
non, he put up his usual fight against the
measure. To-day, however, he reckoned
without his; host; the San Francisco dele
gation is as much through with Grovel
us It is with Dibble, and they made the
Humboldt Bay bill an- opportunity to In
form him of th.> fact. Cosper of Tulare.
who was the only other member who
stood, with him ana his attack. upon the.
BURNS STILL CRIES
FOR A CAUCUS
Another Effort Made to Line Up
the Republicans.
f CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, March 13.— Dan Burns is
• still trying to get a caucus. His lieutenants and all of his .supporters
| among the legislators worked to this end with all their might and main
• to-day and to-night, but when they reported progress to their chief late
to-night it was found that two-thirds of the Republican members of the
• Legislature would have nothing to do with the scheme. Even some of
Burns' own men shied at the proposition. Among these was Senator
T Hoey, who refused to sign this latest invitation to legislators to cast
a conscience and duty to the winds and elect Burns Senator.
■ I To add to his other woes Burns finds himself face to face with a
• proposition to adjourn the Legislature next Saturday. Knowing the
| emptiness of the boasts that have been made by his lieutenants that he
• will be elected this week, Burns issued orders this morning that the
proposition to adjourn on Saturday should be defeated at all hazards.
• The joint resolution flying final adjournment at the date named having
already passed the Assembly it was in the Senate that his faithful fol
• lowers sought to execute the orders of the Mexican. So little success
attended their efforts, however, that when a motion was made to post-
T pone consideration of the joint resolution until Friday it was voted down
1 by an overwhelming majority. Taken by-and-large the day was a par-
I ticularly bad one for the Candelaria candidate.
• Burns' latest caucus scheme is of a kind in keeping with his other
7 political methods. Though it fared badly It is still interesting as an
• illustration of what a man will do who is grasping at straws. His
chief supporters in the Legislature were rounded up last night and
T given instructions to select from among the followers of other candi
dates such men as they were most intimate with and who would be
• most likely to listen to the voice of the tempter. To these the proposi
k tion was to be made that each sign a separate call for a caucus, the
T fact of his having signed such a call to be kept secret until a total of
• sixty names should have been secured, then all should be made public
I at the same time and the caucus held. In this way no one of those who
• signed the call would know that another had signed it until a total of
sixty signatures were obtained.
• It was a clever scheme and all that was lacking to make it a suc
cess was the necessary signatures. It was just here that the rub came.
• One after another the followers of Grant, Barnes and Scott were ap
proached and taken aside into dark corners where the proposition was
• broached to them in whispers and with a great show of secrecy, but
all to no effect. Some laughed, others gave utterance to words more
I forcible than elegant and all refused to sign. The intent of the scheme
a was too palpable.
I Having again failed in his attempt to get a caucus, and with the ad
• journment resolution coming up to-morrow morning for final action, it
I seems more than probable that the Mexican will have to remain in the
• open and take his defeat with as good grace as possible.
measure, was as unwarrantedly - bitter
and inconsistent as Johnson.
ggsssssFa
feed !,y the "ourts It was voted down
-s'en^e^ll^b^-Boyce has for its ob
public School system the kindergartens
?t nrov des that where the census shows
s%ool children in a district a room
shall be set aside in the public schools
ra c^ S n S fs l oe°?r m n ce a d ffST
speech was eloquent and convincing and
t? a I bicked by half a dozen other speak
ers in the House, who spoke with equal
Inspiration. Dunlap sneeringly remarked
that the authors of the bill were trying
to make baby farms of the public -schools
and he was promptly called down by De
Lancie. himself a veteran educator who
remarked that it was too late in the ken
to create; farms where the sturdy plants
might be selected and the weeds rooted
° l With much oratory and a quantity of
logic not always looked for in the lo^er
House Dunlap's amendment was killed
a Lawrence Hoey's Assembly bill 443 ap
propriating $150,000 for the re-establish
ment of the San Francisco Normal School
and its maintenance, was also Pa » s ™-
Mr Hoey clearly explained his measure
and it found few dissenting votes.
Senator Braunharfs seawall bill was
also finally disposed of and will go to the
Governor for his signature.
PARLIAMENTARY LAW
TAUGHT BY YOUNGSTERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— There was a called
meeting of the attaches of the Senate in
room 58 at 12:30 o'clock Saturday after
noon in which parliamentary usage and
Senatorial rules were laid down after the
latest decisions of President Pro Tern.
Flint.
Clerk Brandon and Sergeant at Arms
Martin have been giving the members of
the third house very charitable treatment
during the session and the grateful at
taches resolved to signify their apprecia
tion of all favors received by presenting
their superiors with mementos of the
session of 1599.
It was for the purpose of devisihg ways
and means for the provision of suitable
presents that the meeting was called and
the roll call found a full attendance of
the employe end of the upper house
Among tho attaches are a number of
Btanch Republicans, who have grown ven
erable in the service of the party, and not
a few of them- have served the dear people
6f the State as members of tho Assembly.
There are also a large number, in fact a
majority, of youthful prodigies who style
themselves the young legislators of 1599
and serve the Senate in the capacity of
pages and messengers.
At the hour that the meeting convened
the young legislators promptly signified
their ability to conduct bodies of the
character by nominating and electing a
chairman and other officers necessary.
They were in the majority and the older
head that dared to interfere with their
mode of procedure was Immediately made
to realize the import of " a point of or
der, Mr. Chairman," with all the dignity
that the youthful legislators could mus
ter.
The "point of order was invariably
well taken and the seniors of the meet
ing had no use for an appeal from the
decision of the chair. Reluctant acquies
cence to the rulings of the chair was the
rule until the youngsters proceeded to
appoint a soliciting committee. A colored
gentleman who is a favorite of the boyfl
was made chairman of the committee,
and there was then open revolt and a
wholesale leave-taking on the part of the
minority. The boys are still in possession
but are wondering where the necessary
funds for their purchase 1b coming from.
DROUGHT SUFFERERS
ASK FOR STATE AID
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March - 13.— Again have the
drought-stricken farmers of San Luis
Oblspo County been compelled to appeal
to the State for aid that starvation may
be for a time held at bay.
To-day Assemblyman Burnett of the
suffering county handed into the Assem
bly the following piteous appeal from the
residents of the little village of Adelaide:
"ADELAIDE, March 4. 1899.
"Tn the Honorable Senate and Assem
■Mv of the State of California, now in
senior, at Sacramento: Whereas. In this
neighborhood for the last two years the
rtrouirht has caused a complete tai.ure of
Swe the undersigned resident* and
taxDaVers of Adelaide, San Luis Obtabo
County State of California, do humbly
not on' your honorable bodies for relief
in the way of provisions, as a large num
ber of families are in destitute circum
stances and unless aid is immediately
rendered starvation will follow. There
fore we. your humble petitioners, pray
that' you take action at once." <•:
The petition is signed ; by ; twenty-four
residents and taxpayers ? of Adelaide and
its vicinity. It was ordered printed in
V,,. journal, and it is likely that the
stricken people of the southland will grot
the aid of which they .stand so much in
need. There sUU rem&jna unspent $13,000
of the $25,000 which Claus Spreckels ad
vanced the State for this very purpose
and no other appropriation need he mad(
except that now ir> process of legislation
for the remuneration of Mr. Spreckels.
GRANT MEN WANT
TO POSTPONE FINAL
ADJOURNMENT
Burns Forces Will Join in the
Move to Hold Off the
Fatal Day.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— Just before this
evening's session of the Legislature the
Grant men got together to discuss ad
journment. The Assembly concurreni
resolution providing for an adjourn
ment had gone over to the Senate and
had been made a special order for to
morrow morning by a vote that bad<
fair to carry it through any time ii
came up, and the Grant men were nol
witting to tie themselves down.
For some time informal talks be
tween Grant men and Burns men or
the subject of an adjournment have
been indulged in, and the caucus this
evening was the result of a feeling
that Grant might not be much bene
fited if his men bound themselves tc
an adjournment next Saturday night.
The Burns men are anxious to hold on,
for another week, and the Grant mer
are willing to go as far as Wednesda>
and until the following Saturday ii
events warranted. It was decided bj
the conference, therefore, to have the
Grant Senators when the concurreni
resolution came up move to postpone
consideration until Friday morning.
The Grant Senators made their dea 1
in the Senate and finally compromised
by agreeing to let the consideration 01
the resolution go over until Thursday
morning. This will be done when the
resolution comes up to-morrow unless
intervening events demand a different
course.
While together the Grant men talked
over the latest straw at which the
drowning Burns forces are so eagerly
clutchjng. It appeared that nearly
every Grant man had been approached
by the Burns touts who were handling
his petition for a caucus and not one
of them had signed It. The only signa
tures the Grant men had seen upon the
petitions which had gone the rounds
were those of Burns men, a»id one of
them, Burnett. Senator from San Fran
cisco, had withdrawn his name within
an hour after he had signed.
TROUBLE AHEAD FOR
COUNTY GOVERNMENT BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— 1t looks dark ahead
for the unfortunate measure known as
the county government bill. It came up
like Banquo's ghost twice to-day— once
this morning, when it was put over til!
this evening, and again this evening,
when it was put over again till to-mor
morrow morning. This evening there was
no talk over the bill and it was quietly
slipped on to another day without causing
a ripple on the legislative pond. But
this morning it was different. The bill
was a special order for this morning, and
when it came up for consideration there
were several Senators waiting for it with
heavy hammers.
Morehouse raised the trouble by moving
that the bill be made a special order for
8 o'clock this evening. This brought
Dwyer to his feet with the suggestion
that then was as good a time as any to
kill the bill and he objected to have it go
any longer without the serious and prob
ably fatal consideration of the Senate.
Dickinson suggested that it was late' in
the session and nobody wanted the coun
ty government act anyhow, and hi
thought the best thing that could hap
pen to it would be to allow it to die on the
file for unfinished business. He said he
did net want it to stand in the way of
the general appropriation bill, which will
soon make its debut in the Senate, and
any way there was no use wasting time
Morehouse was the only one to
defend the measure. It is a child oX th«
Joint Committee on County Government
from the Senate and Assembly, over
which Morehouse resides, arid his vloce
was naturally raised in its behalf. He
wanted the Senate to postpone action on
the measure, for if it were taken up and
killed it would work much injustico to
many Senators whose bills on county
matter? had been embodied in the county
government act and would be. carried
down in its fall. He said he would he
unfair to ninny of his colleagues if he
stood aside and left the bill to Its fate
without a word.
So effective was this talk that action
on the bill \v;is postponed, but only after
:i rollcall had been demanded. ThVn th»-
Senators rcl< ntfd and this was the result'
Ay«-s I'l. Hues 3.
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets removes the
cause that produces La Grippe. The genuine
has L. 13. Q. ou each Tablet. 25^ •ANOTHER HARD
KNOCK GIVEN
TO DAN BURNS
Deathblow to Gambling at Ingleside a Rap
at the Mexican's Aspirations.
THE FORCE OF PUBLIC JUDGMENT FELT
Carrier's Vote for Grant Dismays the Candelarian and His
Touts and Now They Are Afraid of the Election
of the San Diegan.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-.
MENTO, March 13.— Burns to-night is]
familiar with the sensations of a de- ]
feated candidate for the United States
Senate.
The defeats on the pool bill and the ,
Harbor Commission reorganization
scheme were severe, but the crushing
disaster came when the Supervisors of
San Francisco swept the gambling
fraternity from the field at Ingleside.
. Burns derived his chief support as a
■ candidate from expectation of places ,
on the water front under the reor
granization of the Harbor Commission
.and from the gambling influences of
■ Ban Francisco, whose greatest gains
. came from the Ingleside racecourse.
Burns and every tout in the corral now
comprehend the force of public judg
ment. The rebuke administered to the
gamblers and the touts of Ingleside in
■ San Francisco was likewise a rebuke
to the followers of Burns in Sacra
mento. All touts look alike to the peo- j
pie, and it makes little difference |
■whether they are seen on the racetrack
or about the State Capitol.
Early this morning before the news
of the Ingleside disaster had reached
Sacramento Burns attempted to revive
the scheme to bring about a caucus.
Faithful adherents to the cause of the
"Colonel" were placed on duty in the
Senate and Assembly to circulate the
petition for signatures. Senator Leavitt
encountered a frost in the Senate cor
ral. One of the Senators who has
been voting for Burns since the first
ballot was cast flatly refused to sign
. the petition. It is reported to-night
that one of the signers has determined
to withdraw his name from the paper. |
Outside of the corral not a signature
indorsing the scheme could be obtained.
There was a cold reception in the As
sembly. Dibble and Johnson, who were
relied upon to give the proposition the
warmest kind of support, appeared 10
be wholly indifferent to the success of
the scheme. When the news reav .
the Capitol that the gambling- frater
nity had been overthrown In San Fran- i
cisco by a great wave of moral remon- !
strance little interest was taken in the ,
. last effort to brace up the fortunes of
Burns.
The unexpected happened in the joint
assembly to-day. Senator Currier of
Los Angeles voted for U. S. Grant.
■ Three weeks ago the Senator obtained
leave of absence on account of sickness,
and while he was sojourning in his
southern home the Bulla men, with
whom he had been voting, cast their
fortunes with General Barnes and Irv
ing M. Scott. It was supposed that Sen
ator Currier on his return would vote
for one or the other of these Senatorial
candidates, and the prediction was
made by his friends that he would vote
for General Barnes. Surprise was there
fore manifested to-day when the Sen
ator voted for the San Diego states
man. The Grant men were highly
elated over the accession, as it was the
first gain achieved by their forces since
the contest began. The joy in the Grant
household was heightened by the return
of Milton J. Green to the scenes of Sen
atorial activity. The charges of con
tempt against Green have been dis
missed so far as the Assembly is con
cerned, and therefore he returns to the
fray as good as new and twice as cau
tious as he was before the investigation
began.
To-night the Grant men are more
. confident of success in the fight than
they have ever been. The depression in
the Burns camp cannot be concealed.
The proverbial dislike of the devil to
holy water is nothing compared to the
dislike which the touts entertain for
Grant and his men. When Senator Cur
rier went to the Grant camp the fol
; lowers of Burns were grieved as well as
surprised.
The danger of Grant's election may
; cause most serious consideration of the I
■ proposition for Burns to withdraw from
the struggle. Several of the "Colonel's"
|J friends believe that he should retire, as
: the seal of public judgment has been
firmly set against his election. He can
; not hope to win, they say, and his fur
ther presence in the contest increases
the chance of Grant capturing the prize.
The Legislature may adjourn sine die
next Saturday night and it may not.
To-night the sentiment seems to be
that a candidate who can win at all
can win this week.
Since the splash of water on Grant's
wheel it is said that his men are in
clined to resist the resolution to ad
journ sine die next Saturday evening.
There will be a mix-up of the forces of
the respective candidates this week.
Irving M.Scott is here and hopes to gain
when the break comes from one of the
■ leaders. The supporters of Burns en
courage him to keep in the field and
await results. The Colonel is counting
on the remote possibility of receiving
some support from the Scott forces al
though Senator Davis is not among the
•expected The Colonel's chief fear is
- that the Scott men will go in a block
to General Barnes or Grant. This ap
prehension prompts him to use his
cleverest efforts to keep the Scott forces
• The reappearance of Milton Green ex
cites a deal of wrathful comment in
legislative circles. Several members
who voted to dismiss the contempt pro
. feedings in the Assembly have sent out
requests that they be publicly kicked
( for bo voting. .".-",■,
There was a round up of the Grant
forces to-night to consider the subject
of sine die adjournment. It was de
cided as the sense of the conference
thai action on the Belshaw concurrent
• resolution to adjourn next Saturday
night should be deferred until next Fri-
Burns, in a desperate effort to rulo
• or ruin, is now casting about for means
"• to induce fearless members of the
. Legislature who cannot be brought into
his camp to pro home and remain there.
•.He desires the weak and pliable to re
• • main here to do his bidding when op
portunity is presented to advance his
. ■ .candidacy.
"•• Every man opposed to Burns who de
' Berts his post of duty at this time Bim
. ply gives the Mexican an advantage of
....a. half vote. The number required to 1
elect a Senator will diminish as the
whole number of votes decreases. The
men of this Legislature who hold that
the honor of the State should be pre
served at any sacrifice express the
earnest desire to-night that every man
opposed to the election of an unworthy
and unfit aspirant for the Senatorship
should remain at his station of duty
until the body adjourns sine die.
It is believed that the good and true
men of the Legislature, who have made
a noble tight from the beginning of the
contest until this time to save the
State from the disgrace and humilia
tion of Burns' election, will not now at
the eleventh hour be deceived or ca
joled into a scheme to abandon the
cause of the people. It is quite well
understood that members who have
business interests at home requiring
personal attention are anxious to look
after th*-ir neglected affairs, but a
sacrifice in this regard may be demand
ed for the public good. It matters little
to the touts whether they are at home
or elsewhere. Few of them have in
terests to subserve outside of political
manipulations, and for all they care
they would as soon be in Sacramento
as anywhere else. Every good and re
sponsible representative who absents
himself from his post of duty at this
time places in the hands of the irre
sponsible a weapon to be used against
the people of California.
The plan of Burns and the railroad is
to wear out and exhaust the patience
of members, hoping that the attend
ance will become so slight that touts
can muster a sufficient number to
elect the candidate of their choice.
Members of the Legislature who are
animated by a high sense of obligation
to maintain the honor and dignity of
California will remain here until the
session is ended.
A message was received at the Grant
camp to-night from Senator Cutter,
who is sick in Marysville, in which it is
stated that the Senator will be in his
place in the Senate to-morrow.
SENATE PASSES THE
PARIS EXPOSITION BILL
<"AT.T, HEADQT ; AnTERB, SACRA- j
MKNTO. March 13.— Valentine's Assembly
bill No. 02. appropriating money for the
purpose of making a Californian exhibit
in the Paris Exposition of lf»». passed the j
Senate to-day. It slipped through un
a wares, for by the time tho Secretary
was half through the roll call the Sen- 1
ators were asking questions. The hill ap
propriates $130,000, and provides for the |
THE MEXICAN 18 NOT IN THE GAME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, MARCH 14. 1899.
appointment of a Board of Commission- :
ers "who shall be experienced in the !
workings of expositions." Morehouse j
paused in his vote to ask if that provision >
was still in the bill, and on being in- \
formed that it was, he voted "no." There
were several who. after having voted in
favor of the bill, found that they did not
like it in the form in which it passed,
therefore there were signs of approval
when Nutt Rave notice of a motion to re- i
consider. The vote was 24 to 4.
Miller's Assembly bill No. 440. providing
for the granting to railroad corporations ,
of franchises for wharves and piers for |
terminal purposes, without first offering i
the same for sale, came up. but was laid I
over for amendment after Boyce had de- i
nour.ced it as dangerous. The amend- ;
ments made were to the enacting clause, ,
which was not drawn in proper form.
The Senate concurred in the Assembly ;
amendment to Braunhart's fender bill, i
The bill provides for the use of proper |
fenders and brakes on all street ears. |
The amendment made compliance with
any local ordinance on the subject a sat- ,
isfaction of the provisions of the pill. ;
The amendment affects San Francisco >
principally, where there is already an j
ordinance' regarding fenders, but there IB
no ordinance regarding brakes so the bill j
will have some effect in San Francisco.
Stratton's Senate bill 325, appropriating '
jw km for the erection of buildings and
making certain improvements for the
State university brought opposition from ;
all sides. 15ulla objected to so large
an appropriation. Smith declared that
the university had not been able to tell
the Finance Committee what it would do \
with the $80,000 already at Its disposal for I
this year. There were others who spoke j
in the same strain and then the hour for \
the joint assembly saved the bill from
being killed. This evening the bill was
put over until to-morrow on Senator
Stratton's explanation that it had been j
decided to amend the bill by cutting in
tw i the amount of the appropriation |
for. i
Senator Shortridge has been placed in |
the unfortunate position of passing a bill
which he intended to vote against. It i
was Senate bill 367. a measure introduced j
I . Si nator Rowell, which makes bank ;
deposits taxable to the banks, and it j
passed by just the necessary twenty-one j
votes. Shortridge's vote was the twenty
first.
This afternoon Shortridge moved to re
consider the vote by which the bill had
passed, but the Senate refused to con
sider. Then the Senator rose to a ques- |
tlon of personal privilege. He explained !
that as the vote progressed he saw the ;
bill would pass, or thought he did, and so
before the vote was announced he j
changed his vote from "no" to "aye."
This was a fatal move, and Shortrldge
saw too late that by changing his vote he
had passed tho bill.
Assembly bill 37, which was defeated |
Saturday, was taken up for reconsldera- i
tion on motion of Stratton. The bill Is j
one to allow the Pullman company to keep j
a lien on its cars until they have been
fully paid for in order to protect them
from the action of any mortgage that may
be upon the road purchasing- them. The
liill was reconsidered and passed by a
vote of 22 to 7.
Senator Morehouse brought up Bur
nett's Senate bill 450 for reconsideration,
but the Senate refused to reconsider. Bur
nett's bill provides for the making of a
report to the Bank Commissioners by the
banks at the same time as the annual
statement is made to the Assessor.
Under an urgency resolution introduced
by Rowell Stratton's Senate bill 319 was
brought up. The measure is one to al
low the State University to insure certain
property it holds in S?.n Francisco. Short
ridge opposed the bill because he thought
the State should insure its own property.
Rowell called attention to the fact that
the bill allowed the insurance of income
paying property only. The bill passed by
;i vote of 24 to fi after being read the sec
ond and third times.
EXPOSITION BILL
PASSES THE ASSEMBLY
CAL.L HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— The Assembly passed
the exposition bill this morning by a vote
of 49 to 9. but the small force of the op
position does not indicate that there was
no fight made to beat the measure out.
On the contrary, the fight was as char
acteristically bitter as any Grove John
son is able to make. The Sacramentan
made his usual sneering attack, but found
only a few of the country members to
stand with him, and they all argued sole
iv from a oasts or nard times.
' Wade of Napa said this was no year
to spend $900,000 or any part of that
amount on a celebration. There had been
no rain and there was no promise of any
and the Legislature had better give its
time and vote to reducing the tax levy.
Rrbinson of Nevada County said about
the same thing- and so did Judge Clough
of Plumas. Clough said there was noth
CURRIER'S VOTE
GOES TO GRANT
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. March 13.— Senator
Currier spoiled some bad predic
tions this morning by throwing
his Senatorial vote to Grant. The
guessers had credited him to Gen
eral Barnes' account.
The Democrats spread out all
over everything in the party, ex
cept Gavin McNab. Frank Gould
and Tom Geary got a bunch each.
Colonel James F. Smith was men
tioned. James D. Phelan got a
pair, Marion De Vries one and
Stephen M. White two.
Otherwise there was no change.
Charlie Greenwell of Ventura got
some applause for remaining loyal
to Grant after a five days' illness,
but as he had not been expected
to change there was nothing of
significance in his staying quali
ties.
The result was as follows:
BARNES 21
ESTEE 1
BURNS 2: »
GRANT Z 7
SCOTT 6
MAGUIRE (D.) 1
SMITH (D.) !
DE VRIES (.D) 1
ROSENFELD (D.) 1
WHITE (D.) 2
PHELAN (D.) 3
FRA.NK GOULD (D.) 6
THOMAS J. GEARY (D.).... 16
me but suffering and hard times from
on* end of the State to the other and
he wanted no $500,000 expositions.
! Dibble voted for the measure, but made
only a half-hearted speech in rts favor
In answer to a question piped out by
j Johnson he said it was his opinion that
j the State could not afford to expend such
a ßtH m on?y' those who spoke took stock
enough in" their own arguments to vote
i for them The ballot was an overwhelm
ing defeat. Just before it was taken Cobb
and Merrill of San Francisco made rous
i ing speeches in favor of the measure
.fnted out dearly that the State could
! afford an expenditure of $500 000 when
' enormous profit was guaranteed and with
that submitted the case.
The vote stood 49 to 9 in its favor.
Assembly bill 729. authorizing counties
to lew a tax for exposition purposes was
also passed, though in the face of the
same opposition.
SHEEP CAUSE A ROW
IN THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 13.— old fight be
tween the sheep men of the valleys and
the range owners of the mountains broke
out afresh in the Assembly chamber this
afternoon and for half an hour hard
words were bandied back and forth by
the representatives of the two factions.
Valentine. Huber, Melick and Mack mixed
things in royal shape, and in the turmoil
the Committee on County and Township j
Government was accused of doing some
I One work with Assembly bill 289.
Assembly bill 259 is one of the half thou- |
i sand county government bills which have
been introduced. It lays down the duties
! and privileges of County Boards of Su
i pervisors and contains the following
! clause relative to the taxing of migrating
sheep herds:
To license, for purpose of regulation and
revenue, all and every kind of business not
prohibited by law and transacted and carried
on in such county, and all shows, exhibitions
: and lawful games carried on therein; to fix
the rates of license tax upon the same, and to
provide for the collection of the same by suit
or otherwise, but no license tax upon the busi
ness of raisin*, grazing, pasturing or herding
sheep shall exceed the sum of I cents per an
num per head, and no license tax shall be im
posed for or on count Kit unwtranwl lambs.
Under the present law there is no limit
placed upon the tax that Boards of Super
visors may put upon ranging sheep, and
In nearly every one of the mountain coun
ties there is a charge of 5 cents per head.
In April and May of each year, when
the fields in the valleys begin to curl up
and blow away, the. sheepmen take their
herds into the green, cool shades of the
mountains, where the feed is green near- I
ly all the year round.
The mountain dwellers claim that tht?
sheep not only cut their roads to pieces,
but also restrict the number of cattle
they may raise themselves, as it is a
well-known natural fact that not even a
ground hog will range after sheep.
Of a consequence the valley men and
their sheep are within the jurisdiction of
the mountain counties for from four to
nine months of each year, and all the
mountain counties get out of it is the tax
allowed them under the constitution. In
every Legislature convened in twenty
years past the sheepmen have attempted
to set a maximum of 2 or 3 cents upon the
tax Supervisors may impose. They at
tempted it again this year. Chair
man Huber, of the Committee on County
Government, offered a bill fixing the max
imum to 2 cents. Mr. Raub affixed an
other, but both the Senate and Assembly
committees struck the clause out of each
bill, leaving the law as it was, with no
limit. A committee substitute was of
fered—A. B. No. 1000— which did not re
fer to the tax in any way.
This afternoon, however, bill >o. 288
was suddenly reported back by Chairman
Huber with the recommendation that it
do pass, and investigation developed that
it carried the very clause that had been
twice stricken out by committee except
j that the maximum was raised from -
cents to 3 cents.
The report, which purported to be a
I majority recommendation, was signed by
only four of the thirteen members, and
those of the committee who had not
signed jumped to their feet and demanded
to know when the committee had met
and made any such recommendation.
Huber said that they had met this after
! noon and it transpired upon further
■ questioning that the only meeting held
! was held by the committee clerk, P. H.
I Tyler, who made up the report and then
i circulated it round the floor and got four
' members of the committee who were fav
i orable to the mutton end of the proposi
: tion to sign it.
Mack of Inyo condemned the action ot
: Huber and Tyler severely. He rehearsed
! the history of the bill since its introduc
i tion and demanded that it be recommitted
'' and every member of the committee
given a chance to sign a new report.
Judge Clough wanted it beat on the
! spot. In a red hot speech he said he
had been informed by a sheepman before
this Legislature convened that $30,000
had been raised by sheep owners to get
' the clause in question through in one or
I the other of the county government acts.
He said the bill was not square ana he
would fight it to a standstill.
Valentine of Los Angeles moved that
: the bill be taken up at once and placed
on the second reading file. He spoke in
I favor of the measure and put up the
I sheepmen's argument in its support.
Kenneally, who was against the meas
i ure, hunted up Clerk Tyler and accused
i him pointedly of having jockeyed the
! records and Assemblyman Mack also in
' formed the energetic clerk that crooked
work of the part he had been guilty of
would not be tolerated.
Dibble attempted to smooth things over
I and save tho measure from reeommit
i ment but a motion of Melick's and a de
mand by Mack that it be sent back to the
committee prevailed, and after dinner this
evening the thirteen members met to give
iit further consideration. As a result of
! the meeting a majority report, signed
i by eight members, was offered against
i the bill and a minority report, signed by
' three members, recommended its passage.
Now the fight has transferred Itself to the
i floor of the House. _
A BREEZE OVER
FINAL ADJOURNMENT
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— The Assembly con
current resolution passed by the Assem
bly, and providing for an adjournment
sine die at midnight of Saturday next,
came before the Senate this afternoon and
caused a breeze.
Gillette wanted the resolution considered
at once, and moved that the rules be sus
pended and the resolution adopted with
out reference to the Committee on Rules,
the course it would take under ordinary
circumstances. There was some mistake
in the date of the resolution read, so it
was passed over for awhile to allow the
clerk of the Assembly to correct it. Then
when it fame up again half an hour later
Leavitt moved to refer it to the I'ummit
n Rules. Davis called for Gillette's
:i, and then Xutt moved to make
th isideration of the resolution a spe
cial onU-r t'"T to-morrow morning.
This broimht Hettman to his feet with
a substitute for the motion. He moved
that the resolution be taken up Friday
morning. This was put to a vote and
lost Then Dickinson had another plan
to consider the resolution Wednesday, but
he was declared out of order. In the 'in
fusion Bettman again demanded that the
resolution be referred to the Committee
on Rules, of which he is chairman, but
TO BE REGISTRAR OF VOTERS
JAKE STEPPACKER.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. March 13.— 1t is an
nounced on good authority that Governor Gage will appoint Jake Step
pacher assistant secretary of the Republican State Central Committee,
Registrar of Voters to succeed W. J. Biggy, the incumbent. The po
sition is one for which there have been many aspirants since the late
election, and the announcement that Steppacher is slated for the job
will not be well received by several gentlemen who have been led to be
lieve that they were to be specially favored.
: Bfto d n e « v^ r o d n Nu?fs h rnoS:
i Th A e ve r^^ef ß?au f n«. S: Buna Currier.
1 Curtin. Davis. Doty. Dwyer, Flint Gll-
Rue.' Hall. Hoey, Jones, i.ar.gford. La
i Rue Luchsinger: Magj^ard, Morehouse,
Nutt Pace, Prisk, Rowell, Shortridge,
! Stratton. Trout. Chapman— .6.
Bettman, Burnett. Dickinson.
L The Ut ßule£ lf Co"mTnittee considered the
resolution informally during the ever ns
and it was agreed that the resolution
should go over until Thursday morning
on account of the uncertainty caused by
'the appropriation bill. Should the. reso
lution be passed and the appropriation
' bill not be ready by Saturday, it would
take another concurrent resolution to set
this one aside, and failing that, the Go\
: ernor would have to call an extra session.
It is the experience of the Senate that the
appropriation bill takes nearly a week m
Its consideration, and that has made the
Senate a little shaky on the adjourn
' ment proposition.
IN MEMORIAM OF
MRS. F. P. MESERVE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKNTO, March 13.— Grove L. Johnson of
fered a resolution in the Assembly this
morning to the memory of Mrs F. P.
Meserve, wife of Assemblyman Meserve
(if Reillands, San Bernardino County, who
died in this city yesterday, after an 1 1 1—
aess "1" many months.
The resolution, which was adopted
unanimously by a standing vote, was as
follows:
Whereas. Death has taken from our friend
and brother member. Hon. F. P. Meserve. his
loved and loving wife, who for many years
had been his companion and helpmeet in the
pleasures, labors and sorrows of life; there
be it
Resolved, That we hereby extend to the Hon.
p P. Meserve our heartfelt sympathies in his
great bereavement.
Mr. Meserve left this evening for Red
lands, taking the remains of his wife with
him. He expects to return as soon as the
last sad rites are over.
Notaries Appointed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March \Z.— The following ap
pointments of notaries have been made
by the Governor: W. H. Gregory. Oak
land; Samuel Brown, Somerville, Contra
Costa County; A. C. Hartley. Antioch;
A. G. Park, Hanford; O. W. Cabe, Bell
vi. w. Madera County; Horatio J. Fugy,
Santa Ana; W. H. Spencer, San Luis
■ >.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Which Wln»?"
W. ft In nearly every man's c*-
f\ xeer there comes a time when
vj^yvj 1 I he stands between the angel
i" ' Siil^tev oi c an<^ tne angel of
& xiE^jfts^. death, both contending
Mr^'^y&JSsii&k *° r *" s mortal frame,
Bs&]x%> x^'s?zh and the question arises:
p^iy^^Mpl ' ' Which wins ?' ' Will
K««r\HLv:~^ he be carried away
\£ 10^: v^?"k. by disease and death
or will the angel of
J^^k tne stronger
{^+2 fsibwlM» him back to
health and G^lS ,fl|jl» happiness ?
When a (J^SJcJ/H Amman's ener-
gy and P s -\-&>sE^Jij Wical force
have gradual- yTw^ / Ily weakened
and wasted m I down to the
lowest ebb, 'until per-
haps con- /* . sumption
has already laid its grim hand upon him,
and doctor after doctor and medicine after
medicine have been tried in — now, per-
haps, comes some kind friend who says,
"Dr. Pierce can cure you, write to him:
His "Golden Medical Discovery" has res-
cued thousands who were further gone
than you."
"He is chief consulting physician of
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
of Buffalo, N. V. ; he has been at the head
of this great Sanitarium for thirty years he
has probably had more experience in treat-
ing severe chronic diseases than any other
physician living. Write to him anyway;
that will cost you nothing. He will gladly
and freely answer your letters with friend-
ly, fatherly advice which will be of value
beyond all price!"
Now is the critical instant. Will the
patient give up in despair and let the angel
of disease drag him away from wife and
family and children, or will he grasp the
hand'of the angel of life in one more su-
preme effort for restoration? Are you
standing between the contending angels?
Which wins?
Mrs. Emily Howe, of 7 Park Avenue. Chicago,
His., writes: " About two years ago my son wa*
afflicted with what seemed to be symptoms of
1 consumption. I purchased three bottles of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and it cured
him completely."
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a 1000-page illustrated volume by
R. V. Pierce, M. D., will be sent free for
cost of mailing only. — 21 one-cent stamps.
Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. Or send
31 stamps for si heavier cloth-bound copy.
NEVER SAW ANYTHING
LIKE IT,
your wife will tell you when she sees
the artistic and beautiful finish and
color on the shirts, collars or cuffs sent
home from this laundry. The linen
done up here is unapproachable in its
immaculate color and beautiful work-
manship, and the care bestowed on It
keeps it in the best condition.
No saw-edges.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420 .
Use f^ik SQ :
Woodbury's j** 6 **! Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream.
Instant relief for aching, tired feet exceaslva
perspiration, offensive odor and Irritations;
makes the skin sweet and healthy. Send 10
cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample of
each free. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 26 W. 2J4
St.. New York, and 163 State St.. Chicaso.
34
SAN LUIS BANKS
WILL PAY IN FULL
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 13.—
depositor of the County Bank of
San Luis Obispo is In clanger of |
losing- one cent of the money ha j
intrusted to that institution. Such
was the declaration made to-night by
Secretary Dunsmoor of the Bank Com
mission after Commissioner Barrett
had concluded his examination of the
bank. There were present during the |
investigation, -which was in progress ]
all day at the bank, W. H. Spencer, P.
B. Prefumo, A. W. Steinhart and R. E.
Jack, directors of the institution, and
Nathan Goldtree. one of the largest
stockholders of the bank. W. L. Bee
bee, president of the bank, was too ill
to be present. All these stockholders
were examined under oath. As the re
sult of the examination the following
statement of the condition of the insti
tution was obtained:
ASSETS.
Bank premises $",500 00
Other real estate 61 '?? 0 . ?.,
Bills receivable, including mortgages.. 211,976 62
Overdrafts »* ?J
Cash 6,081 4 "
Due from banks J f ?s9 ii
Furniture 1,000 00
Other assets 100 00
Total J517.746 03
LIABILITIES.
Capital JS3.SOS IS
Due depositors 2!>4,344 33
Due banks 148.893 52
Total J517.71G 03
General Barrett took charge of the
bank on behalf of the commission and
appointed Harry F. Osgood. the as
sistant cashier, to be the agent of the
Bank Commissioners until the court
shall have passed upon the solvency of
the institution.
Upon the return of General Barrett
to San Francisco he will meet his fel
low Commissioners and report to them.
If they support his findings they will
notify the Attorney General of the re
sult of the investigation; the latter will
bring suit against the bank on behalf
of the people, and the court will deter
mine whether the bank is solvent or
insolvent. If it is found to be insolvent,
the assets will be turned »ver to the
bank directors for liquidation. The di- i
rectors are allowed by law four years |
within which to wind up affairs, and i
during this time are still under the
supervision of the commission. ,
All the banks that are creditors of
the County Bank are San Francisco in- |
stitutions and the respective amounts
due them are largely secured. Not a
single country bank will suffer directly
from the suspension of the County
Bank.
Another strong factor in favor of the
depositors is the fact that about 22 per
cent of the amount due depositors is
comprised of sums deposited by stock
holder of the bank. Under the code
stockholders who are depositors can be
paid only after the demands of outside
depositors have been fully met.
In * the foregoing statement, which
Genera! Barrett will submit to the full
commission, the real estate assets
shown are based upon actual market
values of the properties to-day, and of
the bills receivable only such as are
either fully secured or bear the signa
tures or indorsements of men known to ;
be absolutely able to meet their obli
gations are given. In arriving at the
result mentioned the book assets were
scaled down to the extent of $150,000.
Of the bills receivable, between $165,000
and $170,000 are secured. It is con
fidently expected the assets, properly
handled, will easily realize more than
enough to pay all creditors, and possi
bly all the stockholders in full. But
even if the assets should fail to realize
enough to pay the creditors in full, the
stockholders are mostly men of ample
means, and the creditors can have re
course against them for the debts of
the bank, according to the shareholders'
proportion of stock. The full list of
stockholders and their respective hold
ings follows, the capital stock of the
bank being $150,000, divided into 1500
shares of $100 each:
Shares. ' Shares.
Aretta S. Beebee 72 A. Lauritzen 10
W. D. Beebee 24 T. A. McCaffrey 14
William L. Beebee.. 16 S. Netter 20
Benjamin 8r00k5.... 25 H. F. Osgood 10
Goldtree Bros. C 0...3401. ..3401 P. B. Prefumo 10
Nathan Goldtree.... 10 IN. W. Sandercock.. 4
C W. Goodchild.... 25 R. W. Sandford 13
D. Hecht 17 J. Seaton 20
K. B. Jack 50 1 W. H. Spencer BO
N. H. Jack 330 A. W. Steinhart 35
11. E. Jack 10,1. Steinhart 75
C. D. Jones 20 I. G. Stow 100
Max I. Koshland...lls J. M. Wilcoxon 10
E. Lasar 15 James T. Woodward 10
Twelve deeds conveying property in
this county were filed here to-day as
a result of the suspension of the County
Bank of this city and of the Bank of
Paso Bobles of Paso Robles. Two uf
these were from F. D. Frost, cashier
and manager of the Bank of Paso
Hobies, to J. B. Earle, representing the
Anglo-Californian Bank of San Fran
cisco; two were from R. E. Jack, cash
ier of the County Bank, to J. B. Earle;
five were from the County Bank to the
Anglo-California Bank, and three were
from the County Bank to J. B. Earle.
These deeds were delivered to the
grantees about a year ago, indicating
that already at that time these institu
tions were making heroic efforts to
keep afloat. Y- -^ : :^i~ : V .
As was anticipated the Commercial
Bank failed to open for business to
day. After a meeting of its directors
a written notice, brief but pregnant
with significance, was posted on one of
the doors, reading: m
"Bank closed; will not open.
During the morning and part of the
afternoon small groups of people
gathered in front of the bank and
amused themselves gossiping about the
suspensions and gazing longingly at
the drawn blinds, which effectually
concealed what was transpiring behind
Every one took the situation philo
sophically, and while there were many
expressions of disappointment there
were few words of blame for the man
agers of the unfortunate bank. It is
believed this Institution will make as
good a showing as the County Bank,
as equally responsible people are con
nected with it. Its capital stock is
$200,000, divided into 2000 shares of $100
each. Its shareholders and their re
spective holdings are as follows:
Shares. I Shares.
W T. Scott 140 Arthur Baur 40
Hazard Crags Lucy Baur 33
Henry Brunner 60 C. A. Pitkin Jr 7
John W. Slaven 100 Thomas Carter 18
Annie Nelson 33 S. Grand! 23
Robert B. Moran... 8 Battlsta Tomisina..lOO
Hugh A. Moran 8 Luis Grandl 100
Nathan M. Moran.. 8, John Baur 30
Joseph Edgar 65 J. B. Moran, guard-
Georsre W. Hearst.. So' lan 1"
A Tognazzlni, di- Joseph B. Guard.... 30 ;
rector "0 Robert J. Green 10
P Tognazilni, di- P. E. Brigham 23
rector 85] Jennie Tate 10
Abram Muscio 55 Mrs. H. C. Pltkin.. 10
r TV Goodchild.... 90 Alex Tate.... 10
c A 'Dana, director 43 A. W. Venable 2
li i* Warden, dl- Daniel Sn.::::::: 10
rector NIA. W. Dlxon 6
Mr-n R Venable, 'Belle Tate 30
director 55 Germanla Trust C 0.132. 132
■nnttißta Pezzoni, Jennie B. Moran.... 50
director ...• 70 McD - R. Venable.
c lusebre Muscio. ... 70 trustee 50
Giuseppe m Nancy W. Anderson 30
Elisha Dana •••• 25
When the Andrews Banking Com
' mnv opened its doors this morning
there was a small, eager-eyed group of
oeonle in front of the bank building,
waiting to withdraw money from the
hank They were promptly and fully
accommodated, and by 11 o'clock the
run had virtually ceased, after about
no 000 had been paid over the counter,
President J. P. Andrews remarked:
"So far as my bank is concerned, I
am prepared to stand any run that may
Bank Commis
sioner Barrett will give his attention
to the Commercial Bank. He expects
to conclude his labor here during the
day, and has planned to leave for Paso
Robles on Wednesday morning to in
vestigate the Citizens' Bank, which
closed its doors to-day.
P. Kaetzel, manager of the Bank of
Cambria of Cambria, was in this city
to-day and said that he had ordered
his establishment to close on Saturday
owing to the suspension of the Com
mercial Bank, of which it was a branch.
County Bank of San Luis Obispo.
This suspension has little Importance
owing to the restricted amount of
business done by the Bank of Cambria.
CITIZENS' BANK SUSPENDS.
This Action Taken to Protect Itself
and Its Creditors.
PASO ROBLES, March 13.— The Citi
| zens' Bank, as The Call predicted,
closed its doors this morning. It posted
a notice stating that it would reopen in
a few days, as soon as the excitement
had subsided; but It is known it will
not reopen its doors until the Bank
Commissioners shall have examined
into its affairs. The notice was as fol
lows:
Notice— As a matter of self protection
and for the protection of our creditors
we have decided to close until the pre
vailing excitement has subsided.
By order of the Board of Directors,
A. F. HORSTMAN, Secretary.
In an interview Cashier Horstman
said:
"The Citizens' Bank was prepared to
carry all its customers through what
now looks like a dry year and to meet j
all demands. The suspension is due to I
the unusual demands on account of the ;
closing of the County Bank and the |
Bank of Paso Robles."
The Citizens' Bank is considered by
the public to be in a solvent condition,
and is expected to resume business in
the course of a few weeks.
The closing of the Bank of Paso
Robles and the Citizens' Bank, the only
two financial concerns in this city, has
had a demoralizing effect on business.
The city funds being tied up in these
banks the city is left without a cent
with which to pay its running ex
penses. It is reported that the City
Trustees at their next meeting will
consider the advisability of raising the
license on saloons from $25 to $100 a
quarter. There are rumors to the ef
fect that the city will have to disin
corporate until a more prosperous time
comes. If the banks resume business
within a few days, which is thought
probable by some, all the scare will
have blown over and business will pro
ceed in its usual way as though noth
ing had happened.
H. H. Meier, dealer in cigars and to
bacco made an assignment to the
Board of Trade. His liabilities are
about $600, assets nominal.
FAILURE AT TEMPLETON.
Local Bank Suspends in Order to
Avoid a Run Upon It.
TEMPLETON, March 13.— The Bank
of Templeton failed to open its doors
this morning. There was posted on its
doors a notice as follows:
Owing to the suspension of several
banks with which we are connected tlie
board of directors have decided to sus
pend business temporarily.
A. P. SEEMAN. Cashier.
The bank has always been in good
condition, but the prospects of two dry
years in this region and the collapse of
other banks in the county caused this
one to close. The officers of the bank
claim all depositors will be paid in full.
Cashier Seeman says the bank may re
npen in ten days, but he cannot say
positively. If the bank had opened its
doors this morning as usual there
would have been a run on it, as many
depositors came in from the country to
draw out their money. All were disap
pointed when they found the doors
closed.
The Bank of Templeton was organ
ized eleven years ago by William
Horstman and son and later was re
organized with a capital of $25,000. It
had done a good business until the past
two years. Officials claim between
$20,000 and $22,000 deposits and $46,000
in notes, real estate, etc. They say
every creditor will be paid in full. The
officers are: A. F. Horstman, presi
dent; J. Quarnstrom, vice-president;
A. P. Seeman, cashier; J. H. Glass and
H. Wesel, directors.
ONLY A LIGHT RUN.
Santa Maria Bank Meets All De
mands Promptly.
SANTA MARIA, March 13.— Owing to
its supposed connection with the San
Luis Obispo banks a light run was
made on the Commercial Bank here on
Saturday and this morning. The bank
met the demands promptly and the
RICHEST QUARTZ
SEEN IN SEATTLE
■ SEATTLE, March 13.— Considerable excitement has been caused here m
& by the receipt from Southeastern Alaska of some of the richest free mill- #
g ing gold quartz ever seen in Seattle. It is from the Sea Level mine on 2S
§J5 Thorn Arm, in the Ketchican district. News of the first big discoveries £
Q there was published in The Call last fall. Any of the specimens will ft
g average from $20,000 to $60,000 a ton. One piece is almost a solid nugget fa
g and will assay over $200,000 to the ton. On March 2 the superintendent 8
8 wrote: jj
"Have struck another rich streak of sulphurets, going over $40 to o^
68 the ton." £
Several of the owners of the Sea Level mine are residents of San JJ
jg Francisco. &
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, 3IARCH 14, 1899.
i McD. R. Venable, President of
| the Commercial Bank of
t San Luis Obispo.
©_*_ <$■ _♦_<$. -•-$> -*-^-«-<B>-»- ♦-•-<!►-♦-•
flurry subsided. President W. F. '■
■ Adams says the bank here is a sepa-
I rate institution. Full confidence is I
i placed by the public in its management. !
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 13.— }
j statement that the Commercial Bank ;
j branches in Santa Maria, Guadaloupe \
\ and Lompoc were closed Is a mistake.
'■■ They are open and doing business. The
j report of their closing was erroneous.
THE LAST STATEMENT.
Condition of the Paso Robles Bank on
December 31.
The Bank of Paso Robles is closely j
connected with the two San Luis Obis- J
po banks which closed their doors last j
week. This is because R. E. Jack, one
of the heavy stockholders of the for
mer, is a stockholder in the latter. Like
the banks at the county seat, the Paso
j Robles institution has acquired consid- j
I erable real estate which, owing to the ;
! lack of rain, has greatly depreciated in j
value. A gentleman recently from San
Luis Obispo says that within the past j
four years the several banks in the I
! county have come into possession of ■
I thousands of acres of farming and i
I grazing lands. In four years over 150
1 mortgages have been foreclosed and I
; lands sold to satisfy debts of from !
\ $5000 to $15,000. In nearly every in- j
! stance the banks bought in the proper- j
! ties.
"As the case stands now," said he,
"the banks own nearly the whole of the
county. On account of the dry year
they are unable to either sell or rent
their properties: so there they are—
caught in a bad fix, land poor and with
not much ready cash. Their case is
by no means hopeless, for they have
plenty of property to secure depositors
as soon as the security shall have any
value."
According to the last statement from
the Bank of Paso Robles, made on De
cember 31, the bank is owned by R. E.
Jack, H. E. Eppinger and F. D. Frost,
who in the report sign themselves as
"proprietors." According to their
statement to the Bank Commissioners,
the bank owns land in San Luis Obispo
valued at $10,000, which according to the
books cost $7832 19. Cashier Frost's bal
ance sheet on the date mentioned
showed resources and liabilities as fol
lows:
RESOURCES.
Real estate taken for debt $ 7,832 19
Loans on real estate 33,308 73
Loans on personal security and over
drafts 109,653 33
Money on hand 1,27150
Furniture and fixtures 1,815 10
Expenses and taxes 6,067 84
Total resources $158,988 79
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid In coin 145,000 00
Profit and loss 2,543 14
Due banks and bankers 6,227 08
Other liabilities 4,596 51
Total liabilities $158,988 79
REMARKABLE GOLD STRIKE.
Assays Said to Show Over $5000 to
the Ton.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 13.— An Im
mensely rich gold strike Is reported to
have been made on Granite Creek, near
Albernl, on the west coast of Vancouver
Island. Assays make a showing of $5800
to the ton. There is great excitement in
the district.
LIST OF SECOND
LIEUTENANTS FOR
THE REGULAR ARMY
Additional Officers to the Number of 123, as
Provided For in the Reorganiza
tion Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— 8y direc- i
tion of the President the following named
general officers are honorably discharged
from the volunteer army of the United
States, to take effect this year on the f
dates specified, their services being no ;
longer required:
Major General Joseph W. Kelfer. May 12. i
Brigadier Generals— Abraham K. Arnold,
May 12; Alexander C. M. Pennlngton, April 12;
Simon Snyder. May 12; George M. Randall,
April 12; Michael V. Sheridan, May 12; Henry
T. Douglas, May 12; Henry V. Boynton, April
12; Chambers McKibben, May 12; Gilbert S.
Carpenter, May 12; Charles E. Humphrey, ;
May 1°
The office™ named will relieve their aids and
order them to Join their regiments. Brigadier
General McKibben will proceed to Columbus f
Barracks, Ohio, and assume command of that
post. The other officers exclusively of the
volunteer army will proceed to their homes, ;
while those of the permanent establishments
will Join their regiments.
It should be explained that the reduction in
the list of teneral officers made by to-day 8 j
order is not sufficient In itself to meet the de- ,
mands of the existing law. There must be a
further cut, in fact the list of major generals I
and brigadier generals remaining must be re
duced by ten altogether In order to bring the
list down to the nineteen permitted by the
strength of the regular army. In effecting tins ■,
reduction It is the intention to reduce some of
the major generals to the rank of brigadier
generals Instead of mustering them out of the
service. Also In the case of some of the brig
adier generals yet to be dropped. It will doubt
less be found that Instead of being mustered
out of the United States service entirely some
of the officers who held lower position In the
regular army will return to their former regi
mental and staff places. „,„„
The major generals who retain their volun
teer commissions at present are Wade, Shaf ter.
Otis, Wilson, Fitzhugh Lee. Wheeler. Bates.
Young, Lawton, Chaffee, Anderson, Me Arthur
and LiUdlow. _ .
The brigadier generals remaining are Frank.
Williston. Carpenter (L. H.), Davis, b^n,
Hall. Hasbrouck, Sanger, Kline, Gllrnore,
Wheaton. Ernest, King. Grant, H. G. OUft
Andrews. Hughes. Colby. Wood. Ewers, Oven
shine. Reeve and Combs. _,„,-
It is not contemplated to make any more
changes in the volunteer, genera army and
staff officers at present. Under the law the
officers mustered out to-day could be re
tained until the proclamation of peace was Is
sued, but the President determined to muster
out all that could be spared. It was found
impossible to reduce the force in the pay de
partment, as the officers are all no * *"». I «Ef*
In the payment of troops In different stations
and mottling accounts for volunteer troops
of officer, are also
mustered out on the 12th of May, except where
another date Is given, and In such cases the
discharge occurs on the date S lv en: TI(11lt . n . nt
Assistant adjutants general -Lieutenant
Colonels Francis Michaels and Jose ph H.
Doret: Majors Louis V. Caselarc. Hunter Llg
get. April 12: William S. Scott and Charles G.
Treat: Captains William B. Allison Jr., Ed* in
S. Greble. Grote Hutcheson. Luclen G-Berry.
April 12; Robert G. Paxton Charles W Fen
ton, Henry H. Whitney, Edward B. sa ";
Jacob E. Bloom. James A Colv\n April 12.
Joseph B. Morton, April 12: William H. Mc-
Kittrick, Beverly A. Read. William 11. "right
Frederick M. Page. Samuel S. Saxton ran
B McKenna. Ramon G. Mendoz, Hugh D.
Wise Edward C. Brooks.
Inspectors general - Lieutenant Colonels
Frank D. Baldwin and Wlnneld S. Edgerly.
April 12; Majors Herbert J. Slocum. Harry C.
Benson and Robert A. Brown. , ; -^ '.
Judge advocates— Lieutenant Colonels Fred
erick A. Hill and Charles A. Ribbet.
Chief quartermasters— Captains Ulysses O.
McAlexander. Hiram E. Mitchell, Benjamin
Johnson. James R. Hosmer. Arthur Thompson,
Edwin F. Barrett. April 12; Ambrose K. Gun
■ales Frederick W. Cole, Richard J. Fanning.
April 11; Walter Allen, Charles M. Forrest.
April 12; Edward Willis, April 12: Wlrt Robin
son, April 12; Edward B. Harrison, William
P. Williams. James A. Campbell, Charles M.
Wrlgley, Andrew Brewster. Jonepii -w. wit I aril,
Harold Young. April 12, and Walter L.Phelps.
Chief commissaries of subsistence—Lieuten
ant Colonel James N Allison, April 12; Majors
James O. Varnedoe, James M. Moody, David
B. Wilson. Hugh J. Gallagher. Edmund W.
Bach, Robert L. Longstreet. John D. Black.
Walter K. Wright. James C. Mulliken. Rufua
| M Townsend, Frederick A. Smith, Solomon F.
I Thome. April 12: Henry Page, Daniel Hogan
: and Elmore F. Taggart. ■_ ;
Commissaries of subsistence— Rich
ard W. Thompson Jr.. April 12; Martin M.
Marshall. Robert H. Beckman, Orson Petti-
I John, John Landstreet Jr., James F. Renton,
' Don A. Dodge, Joseph Xubarry Jr., Wlnslow
| S. Lincoln, John P. Teagarden, Erwin W.
I Hurlburt, Charles E. Golden, James G. Grant,
' Carl K. Mower, Charles W. Neal, William F.
! Dunn John B. Clarke, James C. Rattrldge,
'■ William Corwin, Charles Wesler. Thomas F.
j Ryan. William P. Hale, Samuel N. Bridgeman,
j April 12; Harlow L. Street, William M. Love
! land and Patrick H. McCaull.
Chief surgeons — Lieutenant Colonels Robert
i M. O'Reilly, Alfred C. Girard, Timothy E.
, Wllcox, April 12; Jefferson R. Kean.
Brigade surgeons— Majors William H. Stev
enson, Paul Cl°ming, James D. Clennan,
I Nathan R. Jarvan, Peter D. MaeNaughton,
1 John R. McDill, George B. Bunn. William S.
1 Bryant, Francis F. Ford, Edward O. Shake
speare, John L. Macumber, Robert Burns and
j Henry P. Birmingham.
I Chief engineers— Colonels William
L. Livermore, George McDerby and John Bid
die.
Engineer officers— Majors Lewis H. Strother.
William D. Jenkins, William D. Beach, Joseph
E. Kuhn, April 12; Hugh J. McGrath, Charles
J. Allison and Edwin A. Root.
. Chief ordnance Lieutenant Colonels
James Rockwell Jr., John T. Thompson, Wil
liam F. I nival I find John A. Kerr, April 12:
! Majors John L. Chamberlain, April 12: Frank
I H. Edmunds, John McClelland, E. D. Hoyle,
1 James D. Dean, Matthew C. Butler Jr., Clar
ence P. Townsley, John B. Rodman, Ormond
M. Llssak, Godfrey H. Mac Donald and John
P. Pershing.
United States volunteer signal Colonel
James Allen, Lieutenant Colonel Richard P.
Strong, Captains George R. Geiger, Jullen P.
Wooten. Richard O. Rlckard, Charles H. Mar
tin and Alva G. Thompson, April 12: First
I Lieutenants Albert. C. Thompson Jr.. Charles
, D. Chandler, Charles Duffy, Albert J. Dillon,
i William F. Davis, William W. Colt, Thomas
i D. Qampbell, John D. Wood and Frank P.
Tate, April 12; Second Lieutenants James B.
McLaughlln, Oustave Hlrsch, Carl D. Arnold,
William P. Davenport. Horace C. Lanlng,
Charles R. Wallace, Edward Bawsel, Byron
B. Daggett, Harry -A. Swlgert, James A. Hlg-
I gins. Frank W. Dunn, Charles C. Show, Rob
ert B. Montgomery, James P. Anderson, Ed
! ward E. Kelly, April 12; Henry C. Baldwin.
SANTA CRUZ HEROINES
IDENTIFY DICKMAN
Young Ladies Tell of the Pursuit
and Capture of the
Burglar.
SANTA CRUZ. March 13.— C. H. Dick
man, the burglar who was captured by
four young ladies of Santa Cruz, was
before Justice Stanley tnis morning for i
examination and was held to answor be
fore the Superior Court, with bail fixed
at $7f>o. The courtroom was crowded, but
spectators were disapoointed in not hear
ing Miss Mamie Mirandi, the heroine of
the capture, who was absent from the
city.
The first witness was Mrs. A. Jennings,
who testified she was absent from home
on the day of the robbery. During that
time her house was entered by way of
the front door. From all appearances the
lock was pried open with a chisel or othet
blunt instrument.
Miss Lizzie Mirandi, sister of the hero
ine, said she saw a man, whom she iden
tified as the prisoner, leave the Jennings
home. He was dressed as he now is.
but was clean chaven. He came out or
the front gate. She thought he had brok
en into the house and ought to be caught,
so she ran after him. He started to run
at the corner of Barson and Broadway.
She kept up with him. This was after
her sister had entered the Jennings dwell
ing and confronted the burglar.
Miss Hattie Fitzsimmons positively
identified the prisoi^r. She had seen him
walk along Campbell street before he en
tered the Jennings house. Later she saw
Miss Mirandi pursuing the man ami asked
her what was wrong. Miss Mirandi said
he was a burglar, so the witness joined
in the chase.
Miss Olive Twombly gave similar testi.
mony.
Charles Fitzsimmons identified the
prisoner as the man he captured.
Mrs. Mackay Is better.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Mrs. Clarence
Mackay, who Is suffering from an attack
of the grip, is better to-night, and no aeri
ous developments of the malady are ex
pected.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The list of
second lieutenants appointed under the
army reorganization was made public
this afternoon. There are 123 in the list,
which follows:
James Kelly Parsons, lieutenant colonel, Third
Alabama Volunteer Infantry.
Nathaniel Chamberlies, grandson of General
William I. Hardee, four years commandant
United States Military Academy, now Hrst lieu
tenant Third Alabama Volunteer Infantry.
Milton A. Elliott, graduate military college,
sergeant and second lieutenant, First Arkansas
Volunteer infantry.
Joseph Whitehead, private and corporal. First
Arkansas Volunteers.
Melville C. Wilkinson, son of Captain Wilkin
son, U. S. A., killed at Lehi Lake, October 5,
1898.
Howard S. A very, graduate of Berkeley Uni
versity, now corporal. Fourteenth United States
Infantry, at Manila.
L>an Tyler Moore, eon of Colonel Alexander
Moore, late United States army, graduate mili
tary college, now second lieutenant. Third Con
necticut Volunteers.
I'hillp H. Bailey of Connecticut.
William S. Bradford, son of Colonel J. H.
Bradford, U. S. A., retired, and great-nephew
of the late Admiral William B. Shubrick, U.
S. X.
William D. Pasco, college graduate, now first
lieutenant, Third United States Volunteer In
fantry, at Cienfuegoß.
Graham L. Johnson, graduate military col
lege.
Charles Pubignon of Georgia.
Hugh Bullock of Georgia,
Albert N. Brunzell, college graduate, private.
First Idaho Volunteers, now at Manila.
Clark Mills Carr, graduate military college.
John R. Thomas Jr., first lieutenant, First
United States Volunteer Cavalry (Rough Rld-
Cliarles E. Hay Jr., graduate military col
lege, private. Fifth Illinois Volunteers.
Edward F. Schneider, first lieutenant. Third
Illinois Volunteers.
Parker C. Hilt of Indiana.
George A. Larimer, private. One Hundred and
Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.
Abraham K. Loeb, student Purdue Uni
versity, left to enlist in One Hundred and Six
tieth Indiana.
Hf>nry C. Haynes of lowa.
Frank H. Martin, graduate military college,
second lieutenant. Second United States Volun
teer Engineers.
Charles B. MoClure of lowa.
Amos Townsend, graduate military college,
flrpt honor graduate (army register 1897).
<""hase Foster, two years U. S. M. A., major.
Twenty-second Kansas Volunteers.
Fred W. Buchan, graduate military academy,
captain. Twentieth Kansas Infantry.
Frederick Defuniam. graduate military
school, captain, First Kentucky Volunteer In
fantry.
Henry Watterson Jr., corporal. Company C.
First Kentucky Volunteers.
Frank R. Lang, sergeant, major and second
lieutenant. First Missouri Volunteers.
Edwin Field, graduate military school, cap
tain. Fifth Maryland Infantry.
George A. Vernon of Maryland.
Thomas L. Brewer, graduate military col
lege, second lieutenant, First Maryland Volun
teer Infantry.
i: K. Haskell, two years M. A. U. S.. while
on furlough from M. A., served as acting lieu
tenant. First United States Cavalry, and was
In the battles of La Guaslmas and El Paso,
where he was dangerously wounded.
Edward R. Stone, sergeant, Twelfth United
States Infantry.
Arthur T. Dalton, corporal, Ninth United
States Infantry.
Ralph McCoy, graduate military academy,
captain. Thirty-fifth Michigan Volunteer In
lirge E. Ball. _,
irge Ed Allen, lieutenant. Thirty-fifth
igan Volunteers.
>ster C. Sweet of Michigan,
illam A. Mouls. graduate military school,
■ant major. Thirty-third Michigan Volun
la'rk E. Elliott, lieutenant. Thirteenth Min
nesota Volunteers, A. A. Q. M., Second Army
Reuben Smith, second lieutenant. Fourteenth
M!i "!•' = ■ :a \ iiunteer rnramry.
Atwell Lincoln, sergeant. Second Missouri
George B. Herg*r, captain. First Mississippi
N UII A Hickman, graduate military Institute,
lieutenant and adjutant. Sixth Missouri Volun-
P Charles W. Harris, first lieutenant. First Mis
souri Volunteers.
Guy Cushman. corpora!, First Missouri Vol
unteer Infantry, corporal, First Ohio Volunteer
John R. McNally Jr.. graduate military col
lege, first htutenant, Fourth Missouri Volun-
Homer C. Richard, second lieutenant. First
Montana Volunteers, now at Manila.
\Y. R. Cowin, captain, commissary of sub
sistence, U. S. A.
Samuel M. A r andervoort, eervico In Second
Nebraska Volunteers. ' _.
Walter W. Stewart Jr., graduate Tale Unl-
Kurts Eppley, corporal, First U. B. V. Cay
* Louis Benedict, private, Seventy-first New
Tork Volunteers.
G. L. Townsend. captain. Two Hundred and
First Xew York Volunteer Infantry.
Harry A. Woodruff, graduate military school,
I lieutenant. One Hundred and Seventy-first
i Francis G. McConnell, private. Seventh Regi-
I ment, N. Y. N. G.
Georsre S. Richards, private. Third New York
Volunteers: first lieutenant Seventy-first New
York Volunteer Infantry.
I O H Dickey, graduate University of North
I Caroline, lieutenant. Second North Carolina
Thomas H. Newland, North Carolina.
I Charles T. Foster, sergeant. First North Da
kota Volunteers, now at Manila.
I Guy E. Manning, aid to General Haw
kins during Santiago campaign, first lieuten
ant. Third Ohio Infantry.
John L. Bond, Ohio.
It. P. Rifenback. Ohio.
I William D. Pritchard, lieutenant, Tenth TJ.
S. V. Infantry.
! William G. Meade, lieutenant. Tenth Ohio
I Cyrus A. Dolph, son of late Senator Dolph,
■ private, hospital corps. U. S. A., now at
i Manila, was recommended for certificate of
I merit by General Merrltt.
Walter B. McCaskey, graduate military col
| lege, private. Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer
Howard C. Price, first lieutenant and ad-
I Jutant, Sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting
A. A. G. Second Brigade, Second Division,
I Second Army Corps.
I James H. Colfelt, second lieutenant. Fourth
Pennsylvania Volunteers, attached to Battery
D, Fifth Artillery.
Raymond W. Haderburg, corporal, Thirteenth
Pennsylvania Volunteers, graduate military
George W. Warner, private. Fifth United
I States Cavalry, now at Porto Rico.
Nelll Campbell, Company A, First Rhode
Island Volunteers.
Josephus S. Cecil, corporal. Fourth Tennes
see Volunteers in Cuba.
John Overton Dickinson of Nashvtlla, grad
uate military academy.
Allen G. Grier, graduate military university,
first lieutenant, Fourth Tennessee Volunteer
Infantry.
Dan A. Klvlin, corporal, Fourth Texas.
William Stanley Sinclair, first lieutenant,
I First X'nlted States Volunteer Infantry.
Dupont B. Lyon, graduate military college,
captain Third Texas Volunteer Infantry.
John B. Sanford, graduate military school.
! Arthur G. Andrews, graduate military uni-
I verslty.
John W. Daniel Jr., first lieutenant. Third
Volunteer Engineers.
John F. James, first lieutenant. Seventh
United States Volunteer Infantry-
Arthur M. Shipp, graduate military lnstl-
Allen Smith Jr., corporal. First Washington
Volunteers.
C. F. Vance, lieutenant. First West Virginia
| Volunteers.
Knud Knudson, Wisconsin.
Harold Coburn, graduate military college,
first lieutenant, Wyoming Volunteer Infantry.
Goodwin Ordway, son of the late Genera!
Albert Ordway.
George W. Oralgle. Twenty-fifth Infantry.
Charles A. Otis, brother-in-law of Captain
W. M. Dickinson, killed at El Caney.
Joseph E. Partello. eon of Captain J. M. Par
tello, U. S. A. (Fifth Infantry).
Albert Shields Odell. sergeant major, third
battalion. Third Regiment United States Vol
unteer Engineers, now at Matanzas.
Fred W. Herschler.
Henry M. Bankhead. captain. Fifth United
States Volunteer Infantry.
Maxwell Keyes. son of Major A. S. B. Keyes,
| V. S. A., retired, late adjutant United States
Volunteer Infantry.
George W. Wallace, son of Major William M
I Wallace, Second Cavalry.
Harry Barr, corporal, Second United States
Infantry, now at Manila.
I D. M. Bradfor.l.
George D. Freeman, late first sergeant
I Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
F. W. Benton. son of the late General Ben
ton, T. S. A., now veterinary eurgeon, Green-
Leon L. Roach, son of Captain Roach, Seven
teenth Infantry, served three years First United
States Cavalry.
Paul Hurst.
Horace P. Hobbs, graduate military college
son of Captain Charles W. Hobbs, Third Ar
tillery.
Georsre S. Tiffany of New York.
r E Button Jr.. second lieutenant. Two
4.rrs?S"raS : £.™
Myer Eleventh Infantry.
1 Hanson of Major E. H. Hayes.
S S\Sn£el<. now ■ nuJ6r .Two Hundred
and Third New York Volu " f tee C ar,t'.iin W. W.
Robinson, Quartermaster a Department,
E. McMillan sergeant, Battery X
Second United States Artillery. Norvell,
eSS N tS 8 D? °k^° h nel Un.t T ed States
C. Wood Jr (son of ■Captain TVoM
Twelfth Infantry, died at Santiago;, corpora,.
""g&ZFUSJgS, Second
Private One Hundred
'V&SSSft. V^slh&l?^ years Unit
ed^[na e mT Ut ?r ry^ a son my three years First
United States Cavalry. K. . Fifth Pennsyl-
H. Carl Young, Company X, Fifth Fennsji
vania Volunteer Infantry. . - - ;
ADDICKS BEATEN
FOR THE SENATE
Delaware's Legislature
Fails to Elect.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DOVER, Del.. March 13.— After one
of the most exciting scenes that has
ever been witnessed In the General As
sembly of this State, the session of 1899
ended at 3:06 o'clock this afternoon
without electing a United States Sen
ator to succeed Hon. George Gray. It
is the first time in the history of the
Senate that there is an unquestionable
Senatorial vacancy, and owing to the
precedent of the upper house of Con
gress in refusing to seat gubernatorial
appointees, after the Legislature of a
State has had opportunity to elect, the
seat of Mr. Gray will remain vacant
until the General Assembly of 1901
shall choose his successor. At the same
time the term of Senator Richard R.
Kenney will also expire, and it will
therefore devolve upon the next Legis
lature to elect two Senators.
The final ballot, the fourteenth of the
day and the one hundred and thirteenth
of the session, was as follows: John
Edward Addicks (Union Republican),
21; Colonel Henry A. Dupont (R.), 9;
John Biggs (D.), 6; ex-Congressman L.
Irving Sandy (D.), 6; ex-Senator
George Gray (D.), 4: Willard Sauls
bury (D.), 3; ex-Senator Anthony Hig
gins (R.), 2.
The time agreed upon for adjourn
ment sine die was 1 p. m., and when the
one hundred and thirteenth ballot was
completed it lacked eighteen minutes
of that hour by the House clock, which
was six minutes slow. The Democrats
tht-n adopted filibustering: tactics. The
filibustering was successful, and with
Mr. Rose on the floor, making an ad
dress on the disorder in the room and
on other pretended themes, the presid
ing officer brought down his gavel as
the clock pointed to the hour of 1.
The chamber was in an uproar in an
Instant, and it was some time before
quiet was restored. Democratic mem
bers and regular Republican members,
who are opposed to Addicks, cheered
loudly, many of the legislators jump
ing on their desks and weaving their
hats.
High 1 arm Assessments.
WOODLAND, March 13.— Farmers of
Tolo County, says Assessor Smith, are
demanding a reduction In their assess
ments. They claim — and with much show
of reason — that farming- land is assessed
higher than any other class of property.
EVERY DRUGGIST CAN GET HUDYAN.
[RHEUMATISM]
\ HUDYAN CURES. J
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY— Dear Doctors: I feel that lan « flat*
bound to send you a testimonial of my gratitude for the cure that ha» been
effected in my case by your remedy— Hudyan. I hope that other sufferers may
read this and be induced to follow my example and fling aside their prejudices
against advertised remedies. Roughly estimated. I have spent nearly fifteen
hundred times as much In being doctored most to death as I have in being
cured. I was for years a sufferer from chronic rheumatism. My joints were
stiff and I was unable to move them without great pain. In winter my suffer-
ings were more severe and I was compelled to remain indoors and sit by the
fire. I could do no work whatever, and at times it was necessary for me to use
a crutch In order to get around. I took about a barrel full of medicine in all, to
say nothing of the quantities of external applications, which had no more ef-
fect than so much cold water. I was blistered with liniments, plasters, etc., add-
ing to my suffering. All this was owing to my prejudice to patent remedies,
for every one of my friends had something to offer me. Finally my prejudice
was overcome, because I was getting worse and the doctors did not relieve me,
so I commenced the use of patent remedies. Unfortunately, I did not commence
with Hudyan, for at that time there was nothing to recommend it to me any
more than the others. My condition did not improve, as far as I could deter-
mine, but nevertheless I kept on until I reached your remedy, Hudyan. I had
very little faith in it, but, having bought six boxes at one time, decided to take
at least that much. When I finished that lot I felt a trifle bettor— there was not
a great deal of encouragement, but I was going to get the full benefit if there
was any to be obtained. I procured another supply and from then on results
were surprising. My symptoms left me, and I began to feel that I was cured.
Winter came on, and though I exposed myself considerably, none of the pre-
vious symptoms came on, and lam now cured. It is now five months since I
discontinued the use of your remedies, and I have not had the slightest pain, nor
any sign of stiffness in my joints. I feel grateful to the doctors for assisting me
to retain perfect health, and I can assure you that I will recommend Hudyan
to any person who may be afflicted as I was. I am, very respectfully,
C. S. BENNER, Marshfield. Or.
HUDYAN cures diseases of the Blood and Nerves. HUDYAN cures
Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Nervous Vitality, Rheumatism. Sciati-
* taxia - Paralysis, Sleeplessness, Headache, Despondency,
Mental Depression. Hysteria, Neuralgia, Pains in Side and Back, Epileptic
w.; \vf £ ° f the Heart ' Nervo "s Dyspepsia. Indigestion, Mental
Worry, Early Decay, Constipation, all Female Weaknesses, Suppression of
the Periods. Pale and Sallow Complexions. All druggists, 50 cents per
package, six packages $2 50; sent to any address on receipt of price.
HUDYAN^EMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
If you wish medical f * — «»n. the Hudyan Doctors, Free.
TWO MURDERERS
NOW SURRENDER
Voluntarily Give Them
selves Up.
WERE CHASED FOR YEARS
IMPLICATED IN THE KILLING OF
COLONEL FOUNTAIN.
Indictment of Cattle Thieves in New
Mexico Led Up to the Assassina
tion of the Prosecuting
Attorney.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Texas, March 13.— This
morning Oliver M. Lee and James Gil
liland, the alleged murderers of Colonel
A. J. Fountain and his eight-year-old
son, Henry, boarded a south-bound
Santa Fe train at Aleman, N. M., and
rode to Las Cruces, where they were
met by District Judge Parker and sur
rendered to him.
The murder of which the two men
are accused is the greatest mystery in
the Southwest. Colonel Fountain came
to Lincoln. N. M., in 1862. He took an
active part in politics on the Republi
can side, and as District Attorney won
the lasting hatred of the criminal
classes. In January, 1895, he went from
Las Cruces to attend court as attorney
for the New Mexico Stock Association
and secured indictments for cattle
stealing against Lee, Gilliland and Mc-
New, three men now accused of his
murder.
Lincoln is about 130 miles northeast
of Las Cruces, with no railroad com
munication, and Fountain started home
in a two-horse buckboard with his
eight-year-old son Henry. On February
1, about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, he
was seen for the last time by a mail
carrier between Las Cruces and Lunas
Wells.
Just before meeting Fountain the
mail carrier saw three men riding
ahead turn off at his approach. Foun
tain was anxious and asked who they
were. He failed to reach home and
when the mail carrier arrived at Las
Cruces and told his story a posse w-ent
out and found the buckboard aban
doned far off the road. There were
trails of several horses following and
footprints around it. No arrests were
made until about a year ago. Then
warrants were issued for Lee, Gilliland
and McNew. McNew was arrested and
held without bail. Lee and Gilliland
were warned and fled. Subsequently
they fired upon a posse and killed one
man.
The surrender was prearranged be
tween the fugitives and the authorities,
with one condition— that they should
not be given into the custody of Sheriff
Garrett, who is a bitter personal enemy.
The body of Fountain, so far as known
positively, was never found, but it is
stated on good authority that it has
been secretly in the possession of the
authorities for some time past. A
skeleton supposed to be that of a little
boy was found a few weeks ago, but
was removed by unknown parties be
fore the officers reached the spot.
Father Vaughn Transferred.
WOODLAND, March 13. — Father
Vaughn has been transferred to Grusa
Valley and will leave for his new sta
tion on Tuesday. His departure Is pro
foundly regretted.WHEATON DRIVES
REBELS FROM PASIG
FILIPINOS CANNOT
STANJ) BEFORE THE
GALLANT AMERICANS
The Forward Movement Agains
Aguinaldo's Men Has Begun
With Every Prospect
of Success.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, March 14.— Nqon.— At 7 j
o'clock this morning, hearing the in
surgent bugles sounding, Scott's bat
tery dropped three shrapnel shells
into the woods on the left of the
Pasig Church. No reply was made,
and at 7:45 the Twenty-second In
fantry advanced until they encount
ered a number of volleys. This fire
was returned with interest.
The line then wheeled toward Pa
teros in the following order: The
Oregon Volunteers, the Twentieth
regulars, the Washington Volunteers,
a cavalry detachment, the Twenty
second regulars and reserve artillery.
The troops followed the roads, while
the gunboats Oesta and Laguna de
Bai assisted in suppressing the fire
on the left flank. Three rebel canoes \
were captured on the river. The rebel :
sharpshooters at Caloocan continue j
active, but no casualties are reported.
MANILA, March 13.— The flying col
umns under General Wheaton started
an aggressive campaign against the in
surgents this morning. The line con
sisted of three troops of the Fourth
Cavalry on the extreme right, and next
in their order the Twenty-second In
fantry, the Twentieth Infantry, the
Oregon Volunteers and the Washing
ton Volunteers. The latter, on the ex
treme left, were opposite Guadaloupe,
on the river.
A lieutenant of Scott's battery fired
the signal gun at five minutes of 7
o'clock, and at once the Fourth Cav
alry, mounted, swung forward. Then
all the infantry regiments, formed in
three lines, left their trenches and
moved on the enemy. It was a beauti
ful sight this clocklike regularity of
advance. The ravalry met a heavy
fire on the right, and the men dis
mounted and drove the enemy out of
their intrenchments.
In the distance cnuld be heard the
firing of General Ovenshine's brigade,
■who had made a feint on our right.
General Wheaton followed the ad
vance of the firing lines and joined
with his staff in the forward move
ment. On we went, while the gunboat
Laguna de Bai poured in a heavy Gat
ling fire from the river and Scott's bat
tery threw shells over our heads into
the enemy's trenches with magnificent
precision.
As the Twenty-second Regiment
swung around to corner the insurgents
in Guadaloupe, I saw Filipinos emerg
ing from the deep trenches, whence
they had been pouring a heavy fire on
our advancing men.
As we closed in on Guadaloupe, a
party of insurgents at the church stood
their ground. I counted eight dead Fil
ipinos here. We also took some pris
oners at this point, but most of the
enemy escaped to Pasig. The prison
ers say they did not wish to fight, but
were forced into the service. Some
rifles were also captured here.
The Twentieth Infantry were the
first troops to reach Guadaloupe
Church.
While the right column was swinging
toward the town of Pasig the left ad
vanced, pouring volleys into the bush.
At 7:30 a. m. the river gunboat start
ed toward Pasig. The rebels were first
encountered by this vessel in the jungle
near Guadaloupe. Steaming slowly, the
gunboat poured a terrific fire from her
Gatling guns into the brush. For all
of an hour the whirring of the rapid
fire guns alternated with the booming
of the heavier pieces on board.
The gunboat was stopped by sunken
stones and cascoes (native lighters) in
the river. The country is very rough,
and the advance was necessarily slow.
This is the reason the insurgents were
able to escape.
The prisoners told us the insurgents
•were in strong force at Pateros, at
lease 500 being gathered there.
In the meantime Scott's battery
ashore was shelling the trenches and
driving the enemy' back. The artillery
then advanced to the ridge of bamboo
and drove a few of the enemy's sharp
shooters away with volleys from their
carbines. The artillery advanced and
met with little opposition.
In the meantime the infantry had
been sent forward in extended order,
the Washington Regiment resting on
the bank of the river, each regiment
deploying on reaching its station and
furnishing its own supports.
The entire column wheeled toward
the river, driving the enemy toward his
supports, and then advanced on Guad
aloupe. The artillery moved to a ridge
commanding Pasig and Pateros.
By this time the enemy was in full
flight along a line over a mile long, and
the firing was discontinued temporarily
in order to give the troops a rest be
fore making the attack on Pasig. The
enemy's loss was believed to be severe,
but only eight Americans were
W At n ln?s stage of the engagement it
W Aft r c a r n a n fhort V rSt General Wheaton
returned the attack on Pasig. Scott's
battery supported by two companies of
the Twentieth Regiment, advanced on
C uadaloupe by the road along the river
bank^remainder of the Twentieth
Regiment and the Twenty-second Regi
ment following with the reserve arrf he
Oregon volunteers. At 11.30 a. m. tne
column came in contact with the en
emy, and the gunboat, which had
cleared the obstructions, steamed to the
firing line and cleared the jungle on
both Bides, while the battery to.* up
a position on a bluff at the right. The
first shot from the American field
pieces, at 1200 yards range, dislodged
a gun of the enemy at Pasig.
After the town had been shelled the
Twentieth Regiment lined up on the
Mufl^and the .Twenty-second too|k uj> a |
position on the left of the place, with j
the cavalry in the center, whereupon
the enemy retreated to the town. The
gunboat then moved into a bend oppo
site and a hot fire on the rebel position
was maintained along the whole Amer
ican line until 2:20 p. m., when prepa
rations were made for the attack.
At 3 p. m. our gunboat started in pur. j
suit of the enemy's armed tug, chasing j
her to the lake. At 3:30 p. m. a large j
body of the enemy was discovered
working around our right flank, and
the Twentieth Regiment was moved to
a commanding ridge. The rebels were '
met opposite Patems, but the enemy !
bolted. Thirty of the rebels were killed, I
as already cabled, sixteen more taken
prisoners and the Americans lost six
men wounded. The whole American
line bivouacked at 5 o'clock. About 700
rebels were reported to be marching
northward a few miles to the south- I
west.
Negotiations between General Rios
and Aguinaldo for the liberation of the
Spanish prisoners have been stopped,
owing to Otis' refusal to allow the
Spanish commission to return to Ma
lolos on the plea that if the ransom
was paid it would increase the strength
of the insurgents against America.
General Otis has also refused to al
low General Rios to take arms and am
munition from Manila to reoccupy the
Carolines. It is reported that the Span
iards at Zamboanga sold a quantity of
ammunition to the natives of Minda
nao, hence their shortage.
The steamer Puerto Rico will convey
troops from Zamboanga to reoccupy
the Carolines, the Marianas (Ladrones)
and Palaus.
The Spanish gunboats El Cano, Sa
mar, Readagua, Pampanma, Albayo
Calamiaps, Ordinola, Bases, Gordoque,
Panao, Manileno, Mindoro and Mara
valles, lying at the Zamboanga Islands,
off Mindanao, have been sold to Fran
cisco Reyes for 201,110 Mexican dollars.
They will probably be resold to the
highest bidder or they may be trans
formed into merchantmen.
CAROLINE ISLANDERS
WANT AMERICAN RULE
WASHINGTON, March 13.— A corre
spondent of the State Department,
writing from Ponape, Caroline Islands,
says the inhabitants like everything
that is American. They are hoping and
praying, he says, that the Americans
will take possession of all the islands,
and if not all at least the island of Po
nape.
WILL NOT RETREAT
WHILE UNDER FIRE
WASHINGTON, March 13.— 1t is ex
pected that General Otis will be author
ized to- organize three or four regiments
of the provisional army out of the vol
unteers from the various States now at
Manila when the time comes for mus
tering out these volunteers. At present
the volunteers, it is stated at the War
Department, do not want to- come home,
having the American determination not
to "retreat while under fire."
RIOS WOULD APPEAL
TO THE POWERS
MADRID, March 13.— General Rios,
the Spanish commander in the Philip
pines, in an official dispatch acquaint
ing the Government with the fact that
Major General Otis has stopped the ne
gotiations for the release of the Spanish
prisoners in the hands of the rebels,
says :
"I protest in the name of humanity,
and believe the time has arrived to ap
peal through the Consuls to the good
offices of the powers."
The dispatch also says: "I am told
that the Filipinos are at war with the
Americans and that the prisoners can
not be ransomed for money,' as that
would improve the position of the in
surgents. In view of the situation be
tween the Americans and the Filipinos
I await the orders of the Government."
A copy of the dispatch was sent im
THOUSAND MARINES
TO GO TO CAVITE
Large Number of Men Needed
to Protect Such an Im
portant Station.
V
+ WASHINGTON, March 13.— 1t is said to be the Intention of the +
+ Navy Department to send 1000 marines to Cavite to take care of the +
'+ naval stores there. It is the purpose to send a colonel in command -♦
♦ of these men, although until the full regiment is on the scene the ma- +
+ rines will remain under the command of Major Berryman, the senior ♦
+ officer of the corps now in the Philippines. This seems to ; be a very .+
+ large number of marines to station at one navy yard, but the expec- +
+ tation Is that the Cavite station is the largest in the possession, ♦
+ of the United States, including about seventy square miles of land, ♦
+ with about thirteen miles of waterfront. .:■•■■• . +
♦ On the Government lands are many squatters and small towns, ♦
♦ and a large number of men will be required to thoroughly police this ♦
+ territory. ;'v -2r~ ' ~-?.C*
+ The work of repairing the three Spanish gunboats raised in Ma- ♦
■f nila Bay. is reported to be progressing rapidly at Hongkong under -f
+ the direction of Constructor Kapps and Assistant Constructor Hob- +
+ son. The vessels are said to be in excellent condition as to machinery, +
♦ and even before they went into drydock to be repaired the Isla de ♦
♦ Luzon.and the Isla de Cuba made 13 knots , under their, own steam, 4 ♦
♦ and the Don Juan de Austria was only about a knot behind. The +
+ constructor's reports to the Navy Department show that the other +
+ sunken ' Spanish warships have been so badly damaged as to be not +
+ worth, the cost of raising and repairing. • t . "*"
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MAKCH 14, 1899.
DEAD AND
WOUNDED
NEW YORK, March 13.—Fol
lowing is the Journal's revised
list of the casualties in to-day's
fighting at Manila:
KILLED.
Private Stewart, Twentieth
Infantry.
Private Munson, Twenty-sec
ond Infantry.
James L. Kline, Twentieth
Kansas.
WOUNDED.
Corporal Chris Thompson and
Privates L. Folger, Charles Da
vis, Thomas Miller, R. Piper, C.
S. Sumner and Matthew Shar
key, of the Twentieth Infantry;
Privates Charles Easley, Theo
dore Misner, John B. Lazek,
William O'Brien. William Rhine
hard and Willet Harmon, of the
Twenty-second Infantry; Pri
vate Walter Irvine.
mediately to Senor Silvela, the Pre
mier, who had a long conference with
General Polavieja, Minister of War.
Both admit the gravity of the situation,
and. the dispatch will be submitted to
the Cabinet council to-morrow.
The Government is perplexed at see
ing no clear solution of the discovery}
At the War Ministry this evening it
was said that no reply would be sent
to General Rios pending the Cabinet's
decision.
A plan of negotiating with Aguinaldo
direct has been abandoned, and Senor
Silvia, in his capacity, will not await
the decision of the Cabinet before com
municating with the American Govern
ment.
SOLDIERS WOUNDED
WHILE IN ACTION
WASHINGTON, March 13.— General
Otis to-day cabled the War Department
as follows:
MANILA. March 13.— Adjutant General.
Washington: Casaulties. San Pedro Ma
cate—Wounded March 7. Private Warner
Marshall. First Washington, thumb,
slight: March 10. Captain Edward Smith.
Company D. First Idaho, leg, slight;
March 11, Private A. G. Deigenthaler,
Company C. Twenty-second Infantry, rib,
severe. Near San Felipe, March 7, Pri
vate John McConnell. First Wyoming,
ankle, slight Near Caloocan, March 11,
Twentieth Kansas, killed. Company F,
Private Oscar G. Thorne. Wounded, Com
pany I. Corporal "William H. Riembley,
head, slight. March 13. wounded. Twen
tieth Kansas. Company C, Private Arthur
C. Howe, shouMer, severe. OTIS.
OTIS REPORTS ON
DEATHS OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The fol
lowing- cablegram has been received at
the War Department:
MANILA, March 13.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Follow deaths since last
weekly report: March B— Private Alex
ander R. Chapline. Company M, Four
teenth Infantry, accidentally shot. Mar^h
ft— Henry O. Offahery. Company 1,, Second
Oregon: Edward J. Fulcanc, Company I,
Thirteenth Minnesota, variola. March
10— Albert W. Hartrigsen, Company E.
Fourth Cavalry, accidentally shot. March
11— Louis E. Wes»tphal, Company B, First
California, dysentery.
Died of wounds received in action
March 9— Private Joseph Spaeth, Com
pany G, First Wyoming. OTIS.
WITH SUPPLIES FOR
THE STATION AT GUAM
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The
Navy Department is informed by Ad
miral Dewey that the supply ship Nan
shan has left Manila with supplies for
the new naval station at Guam.
AN ALL-DAY RAIN
FALLS AT EUREKA
EUREKA, March 13.— Rain has been
falling here all day, with good prospects
for a heavy downpour for several days.
NAPA, March 13.— Calistoga and vicin
ity report a heavy frost this morning.
The thermometer registered 28 degrees.
Much damage was done to peaches and
prunes, which were in full bloom. In Ca
pelle Valley everything looks well, but
rain is much needed. At Yountville
prunes are in full bloom and a heavy
yield !s expected. The heavy frost was
g SANTA CRUZ, March 13.— The bay was
very rough to-day. A heavy wind was
blowing along the coast. This afternoon
a small sloop arrived in port. It had left
San Francisco yesterday with four men,
intending to land at the Farallones, but
the wind was so strong it blew the craft
down the coast. The men were unable to
effect a landing until this port was
reached.
CUBAN SOLDIERS
TO BE DISARMED
United States May Act
Forcibly.
GOMEZ AGREEMENT HOLDS
ACTS OF THE ASSEMBLY CAN
NOT CHANGE THE RESULT.
However, a Majority of the Native
Army Will Undoubtedly Up
hold Their Deposed Com
mander.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, March 13.— A public mani
festation on the part of the different
patriotic clubs, in which the general
public assisted, was held this afternoon.
The people who took part in the dem
onstration marched with music and
banners to Quinta.where they expressed
to General Gomez their adherence to
himself and their disapproval of the
action of the Cuban Assembly in re
moving him from the office of general
in-chlef of the Cuban army.
There were cheers last night for Gen
eral Gomez in Central Park and cries
were raised against the Cuban military
assembly. In the evening at the thea
ter the public vociferously applauded
General Gomez and Cuba. The feeling
against the assembly is still growing.
Should a portion of the Cuban army
oimnnrt tb«» assembly in reflecting the
There were cheers last night for Gen
eral Gomez in Central Park and cries
were raised against the Cuban military
assembly. In the evening at the thea
ter the public vociferously applauded
General Gomez and Cuba. The feeling
against the assembly is still growing.
Should a portion of the Cuban army
support the assembly in rejecting the
Gomez-Porter agreement and in refus
ing to disband without a larger sum
than $3,000,000, forcible disarmament, in
the opinion of Americans well qualified
to judge, would follow. This is the only
grave fact in an otherwise entertaining
eequence of incidents.
The United States is completely com
mitted to the arrangements made by
Robert P. Porter with General Gomez,
and the details of the plan of distribu
tion are already far advanced. The
opinion of Cuban civilians is that a
considerable portion of the army, prob
ably the larger part, upholds General
Gomez in his contract with the United
States, and therefore the American mil
itary government sees no other way to
the disarming of any faction of the
Cuban troops which, being duly warned,
should persist in keeping the field.
CELEBRATORS COLLIDE
WITH HAVANA POLICE
HAVANA, March 13. — Frederico
Mora, civil Governor of Havana, when
he learned this morning of the prepara
tions for an outpouring of the people
in honor of General Gomez, directed
the police to prevent the parade. The
committee having the demonstration in
charge asked General Ludlow to revoke
Senor Mora's order. General Ludlow
replied that he would not do so.
General Brooke was then called upon
and asked by the committee for per
mission to parade. He sent a message
to General Ludlow saying that if the
procession was orderly he could see no
objection.
Meanwhile the police tried to pre
vent the demonstration. Chief of Po-
lice Menoral, with his mounted in
spectors and policemen by twos and
threes, attempted to turn back the
various societies who were marching
toward Quinta de los Molinas, the resi
dence of Gomez. At first little atten
tion was paid to these efforts. When
a policeman seized a flag or made an
individual arrest, the others in the line
would simply march on, jeering and
yelling "Down with the police," "Long
live Gomez," "Death to the Assembly."
Colonel Raoul Arango, an inspector,
took a flag away from an American
who was parading. Immediately sur
rounded by a menacing crowd he
clubbed one of the demonstrators till
the blood flowed. Then, dismayed by
the savage yells of the wounded man's
companions, he withdrew to another
point. Chief Menocal was mocked by
the crowd in the Tacon walk. When
near Quinta de los Molinas the demon
strators began to shove the policemen,
pulling their coats and attempting to
take away their clubs. There were
more than a hundred police within ten
blocks, but they did not act together.
Indeed they were thoroughly scared
and one policeman ran to Central Park,
where the Tenth regulars were camped.
The Twentieth regulars, who were
sent at double-quick with fixed bayo
nets to protect the policemen, charged
down upon a crowd of a thousand.
Everybody ran, including the police,
and men, women and children tumbled
over each other in the rush. Two min
utes later the avenue was cleared for
blocks, but not a person was hurt by
the regulars.
Eventually, without regard to the
police an immense crowd collected in
front of the residence of Gomez, the
summer palace, cheering and waving
more than 600 flags and banners. Gen
eral Gomez accompanied by many no
table persons soon made his appearance
upon the balcony and was greeted with
long continued cheers. Scores of bou
quets were flung at him. He made a
brief speech along the line of his ap
peal to the Cuban army and people of
yesterday and expressed his gratifica
tion at such an illustration of # public
approval. _________________
GONZALES DE QUESADA
DECLARED A TRAITOR
HAVANA, March 13.— The Cuban As
sembly met to-day. A motion was made
declaring Senor Gonzales de Quesada
a "traitor to the Assembly" and an
"accomplice of Gomez," and asking for
his expulsion. It was carried by a viva
voce vote.
A committee of three was then ap
pointed to draft an address to the Cu
ban people and army regarding Satur
day's action of the 'Assembly, with in
structions to report at to-morrow's
session. Then followed speeches by
Sanguilly, Portuendo and Aguerro, all
referring to the "lying statement" of
Gomez and repeating the charges made
against him on Saturday. The general
effect their utterances was a justifica
tion of Saturday's proceedings — a claim
that the Assembly was acting solely
with a view of obtaining a recognition
of the just duties of the Cuban soldiers.
All the speakers deplored "any
misjudgment at the hands of the Cu
ban people/_[_ j
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— Pensions
have been granted as follows: Califor
nia: Original— Special March 1, Lemuel
W. Jones, Livermore, $6; special, March
1 (special act), John D. Conlie, San Fran
cisco, $12. Restoration and reissue—Dan
iel Mclntosh, Sacramento, $12. Original
"widows, etc. — Destamona E. Kenyon,
Hueneme, $8; Arama M. Mclntosh, Sac
ramento, $8.
Oregon: Original— William R. Mar-
Quiss, lioseburs, l».
ADMIRAL VILLAMIL
DIED TIED IN CHAIR
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. March 13.—
General Leonard Wood, Military Gov
ernor of the Department of Santiago,
In the presence of the adjutant gen
erals of the department, Colonel Bacon
and Captain Gilmore, Captain Scott,
Captain of the Port, and other officers,
positively identified yesterday the re
mains of the Spanish officer discovered
a few days ago among the rocks on
the shore about four miles west of El
Morro, as those of Admiral Villamil,
who commanded the Spanish torpedo
boat destroyers In the naval battle
which resulted in the destruction of
Admiral Cervera's squadron.
Accompanied by the officers named
and by others, General Wood went in
a tug to investigate personally as to
the truth of the report that the body
of a Spanish officer had been found,
tied in an armchair, at the point desig
nated. The report proved well founded.
Nearly opposite the point where the
wrecked torpedo-boat destroyer Pluton
lies General Wood found an armchair
with ropes around it. a skull, bones on
the ground and the ragged remnants of
the uniform of a captain in the Span
ish navy. It was evident that the buz
zards had stripped the bones of flesh.
It is understood — though as to this
there is no certainty — that Admiral
SAMPSON SEEKS
TO BE OMITTED
Would Advance Other
Naval Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 13.—Secre
tary Long has received a letter from
Rear Admiral Sampson in which the
admiral, after referring to the allega
tions that the list . of officers recom
mended for promotion for gallantry off
Santiago had failed of confirmation be
cause it contained his name, asked the
Secretary to immediately reappoint
these officers, omitting his name.
The text of Rear Admiral Sampson's
letter is as follows:
U. S. Flagship New York, First Rate,
Havana, Cuba, March 9, 1899.
Sir: I respectfully ask your attention to
the facts contained in this letter and that
it may be officially filed as part of my
record in the United States navy:
When the late war was threatening I
was placed in command of the North At
lantic fleet, and, after the declaration of
war, was appointed by the President a
rear admiral and conlirmed in my com
mand. This duty and responsibility
came to me entirely unsought, nor had
I any especial wish for it, though recog
nizing the groat honor then conferred
upon me. My sole aim was to achieve
success: to blockade Cuba, destroy Cer
vera's fleet and to maintain an efficient
war fleet.
It is not .necessary to dwell upon the
Incidents of the war, ■which are all now
well known. Based upon these incidents
certain officers, distinguished for faith
ful service, were named by me, in the
exercise of my natural duty as com
mander-in-chief, for promotion or such
other reward as you. sir, might deem de
sirable. These names you have been
pleased to nominate to the United States
Senate for promotion and you have done
me the honor to admit my name to that
list of officers.
It now appears that the Senate, though
well disposed to most of the names on
that list, has, for reasons not necessary
to be here .discussed, objected to my pro
motion, has similarly failed to confirm the
deserving officers about whose merits
there has been no doubt or discussion.
Hitherto, undisturbed by any eager de
sire for advancement, or any other form
of reward for doing my duty. I have not
specially concerned myself with matters
outside of that duty. I have felt that I
have done my duty in the conduct of the
West Indian naval campaign to the ut
most extent of my ability as thor
oughly as I was able, and if no reward
should come I could be satisfied with the
conscientiousness of having done my best.
I did not, however, anticipate that dis
satisfaction with any act or acts of mine
would cause the Senate to withhold from
other officers a promotion which they
have well deserved and which has been
promptly granted in similar circum
stances to others.
I therefore respectfully suggest, Mr.
President, that your appointment of these
officers, about whom there is no discus
sion, should be at once renewed, in order
that they may at once secure their pro
motions under the personnel bill, to which
ihey are entitled and without creating
confusion. Very respectfully.
\V. T. SAMPSON.
The President of the United States,
through the Secretary of the Navy.
Secretary Long: will not accept the
suggestion made by Rear Admiral
Sampson in his letter and make recess
appointments of officers who failed of
confirmation at the last session of Con
gress. The matter will be allowed to
remain just as it stands until the next
Congress meets and then all of the
nominations will be sent in precisely as
they stood at the end of the last session.
PROMOTIONS FOR MEN
NOW AT MARE ISLAND
VALLEJO, March 13.— The navy per
sonnel bill, which became a law last
week, makes several Important changes
among the officers at Mare Island. Com
modore Watson becomes a rear admiral,
with the pay and allowance of a major
general in the army. Captain Kempff
obtains the same rank, with the pay of
a brigadier general. The rank of com
modore is abolished. Captain Cotton is
No. 4 in the list of captains. Lieutenant
Commander Drake becomes a command
er. Chief Engineer Trilley will be com
missioned a captain. Lieutenant Nichol
son who 1s in command of the Farragut,
is made a lieutenant commander. Naval
Constructor Baxter is promoted to the
rank of commander, and Naval Con
structors Hibbs and Ruhm are promoted
to lieutenant commanders. Assistant na
val constructors will be advanced one
grade New grades are created for war
rant officers, those having fifteen years'
service being made chief warrant officers.
Among those affected will be Chief Boat
swain Sheean. Chief Gunner Halford,
Chief Sailmakers J. Roddy and J. A.
The reorganizing action of the marine
corps will result in the promotion of ev
ery officer in the corps, with the excep
tions of Colonels Torney and Huntington.
and the junior captains— Wood, Waller,
White, Karmany, Dryen and Lancheimer.
Promotion to the rank of major on the
staff will give an opportunity to promote
three of tnete. SFaJor C. fr Williams,
now commanding the marine barracks at
Mare Island, will be commissioned
colonel. Captain L. C. Webster will be
promoted ; to major and Captain Berry
rnan will be advanced one grade. All the
first and second lieutenants now on the
list will be promoted to captains, mak
ing the thirty-five allowed by law. Ap
pointments of forty-five first lieutenants
and forty-five second lieutenants will be
made.
Reward for Murderers.
WOODLAND, March 13.— The Japanese
Consul, on the strength of the investiga
tion made by Attorney Epsey, Insists that
two white men killed the Japanese, Kish
moto, in the wood camp near Blacks on
the 21st of April. He says the Japanese
will offer a reward, and asks that the
Governor eupplenaent It with, another.
f THE LATE ADMIRAL YILLAMIL.
Villamil was taken ashore from the
Pluton In a dying condition, tied in an
armchair, and the supposition is that he
CHEMICALS ARE
NOT EMPLOYED
So Declare Meat Men
of Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 13.— Rapid progress
was made to-day by the Government
Court of Inquiry investigating the beef
controversy. Nearly a dozen witnesses
were examined, three of them being in
spectors of the Government Bureau of
Animal Industry, and the rest of them
employes in various capacities at sev
eral Chicago packing-houses. Colonel
Davis, recorder of the court, stated to
night that he was unable to approxi
mate the length of time it would take
to exhaust the list of Chicago wit
nesses, but it seems likely that two or
three days will be required before the
members of the court can leave for
Kansas City.
Dr. O. E. Dyson, who has been an in
spector at the stockyards since 1893, testi
fied that his duties were to look after the
other inspectors and to see that they do
their duty. He had twenty-five or thirty
men to look after and had reported only
two in a year for negligence. One came
late and the other was intoxicated. "An
Interval," ho said, '•might elapse between
the going off and the coming on of an in
spector, but we are supposed to be very
strict in regard to that."
Dr. Dyson said that cattle condemned
at the ar.te-mortem examination in the
yards for various causes, if they passed
the post-mortem inspection, might, bo
brought into the packing-house and used.
He had never seen chemicals of any kind
used except borax and things of that
sort around the hog houses. He said that
a case of lumpy jaw does not necessarily
condemn the meat unless the disease is
generalized.
Dr. Charles E. McNeil, bureau inspector
at the beef and sheep house of Nelson
Morris & Co., was the next witness. He
was not aware of any chemicals having
been used In that establishment and had
no reason to believe or suspect that they
were so used.
Charles H. Emery, superintendent of the
Llbby, McNeil & Libby packing-house,
testified: "Our business is princlpally
canning," he said. "We do not do any
slaughtering directly, but animals are
killed for us by Swift & Co. No chemicals
are used or 'relied upon by us to preserve
canned beef. A very small quantity of
salt is used. In a two-pound can we use
one-half ounce of salt in solution."
James S. Morrow, assistant superin
tendent, at Libby, McNeil & Libby, cor
roborated the testimony of the previous
witness as to the process of canning
roast beef. lie said there was scarcely
any difference between grades of roast
beef, and that the distinction was made
mostly, he supposed, to compete with oth
ers in the business. There was very lit
tle difference as to quality. He did not
know whether there was any difference
in the price to the Government. He said
that about 50 per cent of cows were used
in canning.
Arthur Meeker, manager of Armour &
Co.'s packing house, said the accumula
tion of canned goods were held in Chi
cago, but the linn had also a large stock
in Kurope. The}- had on hand at the out
break of the Spanish war 500,000 pounds of
canned roast beef in Chicago and 140,000
pounds in New York. They sold two mill
ion pounds to the Government and also
250,000 pounds of corned beef. The wit
ness stated that no chemicals were used
to preserve the beef either while In
transit or in storage in an agency. The
witness stated that two ounces of jelly
was put into a two-pound can of roast
beef, but no salt. The jelly gave an at
tractive appearance to the meat and add
ed to the nourishment. About VA por
cent of the nourishment came out in the
first boiling process— l^> per cent of solu
ble albumen. An extract of beef was
made out of it. No date was put on the
label on the roast beef cans, the con
tents being good. Meat thus preserved
six, eight and nine years was just as
good as if put up last summer. The
French Government required a date on
the can. The same kind of meat was
used in the cans furnished the United |
States Government.
Other men connected with Armour's
also testified that chemicals were never
used.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . * . r -
H^O^O-^O^O^O <«> O'sO<S>O<S>O<S>O<S>O<s>O<S><S>O<S>O<s>O'S>O<s>O<s> O <s> O <$> o<S>o<»o<»>o<so<so B
! WHAT A CHANGE! I
O ■'"■-• o
$> How well you look! I heard you got <$>
O hurt some time ago. Yes! I was pret- O
£ <-2fl»._, fflfti " * ■•■•- ty badly used up. That fall 1 strained .£
9 JLzr-J •*" V till . '/« . my back, hurt my hip and I couldn't £
o. """«; Vr^r^P'' Wi 'iNS^^. limber up for days,. till I got one of Dr. X
<£ _^i £* -I _l-X\;-.*n - : >.^,^ ■ McLaughlin's Electric Belts. That put <§>
° • '•■" \7T^$ l; 'H'i lli'^o^vV me on my pins again. I r tell you the o
<S>. £v %^ ,(K> — Xffl^fA* '/ current from that Belt is fine. It set <§►
O ' * —^ ~-~mF'' )/ the blood circulating, put my system o
£ ' ' FWf^^U / 'in a glow, and the first thing I knew. I *
9 ,- yT^~~~- ai^"?^ : -£^^> ; could straighten myself up as right as 9
X Mi /', v^l '^festoJf ' ever. A friend of mine was talking X
Iff'/ / 7i^^^ 1) 11'/ about ■ this Belt, he having j used 'it for £
<j> tiy //7i y^f^!"— itß/y rheumatism and kidney trouble, and o
9 r. X ■ y-l\ ■ iiilpLbi""'!^"' 1 advised me to get one. • : £
X /\i'li!illl^S-.al ■ This is. how many, men talk after °
♦ wL^^^^i-^i '■ wearing ■ ■ %
I S£^'"~ My Sanden Electric Belt §
9 It's a' heaven-born power for the pain that robs a man of rest. : It
o gives nerve force and manly vigor. Every mail brings me. letters from <g>
% those whom my Belt has cured. Here is one: . - '.;.-. : O
O "For years I've suffered from pains in the back and vital losses. Tour Electric Belt <»
A has perfectly cured me and I've gained 15 pounds in three months. Your Belt is worth O
X recommending and you can refer to me. MAX PANNIER. <j>
J? "Washington County, Cal., February sth." O
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, my BOOKr °
■»> UK. ■ lrl» r\» IYIW'L*r%«JVJIIL»Ii!j MY BOOK,' ♦
% 702 Market St., cop. Kearny. S.F. , "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," O
% Or 204V4 South Broadway, Los Angeles.  FREE. 1 I
<£ Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, * l *' tcu ,_
OlOtol. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. SEND FOR IT.
died immediately on reaching the shore,
the body being left abandoned among
the rocks where it remained undiscov
ered until a few days ago.
Admiral Villamil. it is known, was
wounded in the right arm and left leg.
General Wood put the bones together
showing the unmistakable marks of
wounds in these places. The identifica
tion was in every respect complete.
In the pocket of the coat was found
the fleet countersign for June 26, signed
by the late Captain Oviedo y Busta
mente, then Admiral Cervera's chief
of-staff.
Colonel Bacon and Captain Gilmore
carried the armchair, the tattered uni
form and the bones, tied together by a
handkerchief, to the tug. which lay
about four miles off. The identification
caused a sensation among the Span
iards here as Admiral Villamil was one
of the best-known strategists in the
Spanish navy and a man held In high
esteem by his countrymen.
General Wood, through the War De
partment, will notify the Secretary of
State of the finding of the remains so
that they can be removed to Spain, if
the Spanish Government so desires.
Pending final disposition they will be
kept at the arsenal here. The tattered,
uniform will also be held subject to
Spanish orders. The armchair is at
present in charge of Captain Scott.
WARM WELCOME
ACCORDED WHITE
The Senator Returns to
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— Senator
Stephen M. White is in Los Angeles.
He arrived on the overland this morn
ing and was met by M. J. Newmark,
Charles Toll and Will A. Harris of the
Chamber of Commerce. This evening
the Chamber pf Commerce tendered a
reception to the Senator. The clubrooma"
were elaborately decorated. The ceil
ings and doorways were draped with
flags, and red, white and blue bunting
festooned the walls. Arend's orchestra
rendered national airs. «
Will A. Harris delivered the address
of welcome and Senator White re
sponded. Short speeches were made by
other members of the chamber. The
success of the San Pedro harbor bill,
the citrus tariff proposition, the appro
priation for public buildings in Los
Angeles and many other achievements
of the Senator affecting this city were
touched upon. Refreshments were
served.
The attendance at the reception
amounted to a crush. The Senator was
in the happiest mood. The ovation was
free from a political air. Citizens who
admire White for what he has done
simply extended a hearty welcome to a
fellow-citizen who now retires to pri
vate life. __^_________
RIGHTS OF WAY FOR
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Ventura Men Working on Behalf of
the Main Coast Line Ex
tension.
VENTURA, March 13.— Previous re
ports regarding the extension of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company's line
in this county for their main coast route
are now confirmed by the active work of
prominent men for the corporation. Dur
ing the past few days — in fact since Fri
day—Hon. Thomas R. Bard and Hon. D.
T Perkins, both of Hueneme. have been
engaged in interviewing property own
ers along the proposed line, which it is
understood is to run from Oxnard
through Pleasant Valley to
Park. When possible these gentlemen
obtained signed agreements for a 100-foot
right of way. They do not make a direct
promise as to what will be done, but. ac
cording to the agreements, work must
be commenced within nine months. All
the property owners are told that the
work will commence within six months.
Also the announcement is made that the
road will be completed to Somis and
eventually to Chatsworth Park.
The company has applied to Camarillo
Brothers for station grounds on Lomita
de Enmedio, consisting of five acres. The
desired tract will be donated. Consid
erable right of wa*- already has been
signed. The Camarillos, me largest in
dividual owners, have signed for a strip
several miles long.
HAVE NOT FIXED
THE RESPONSIBILITY
PARIS, March 13.— The Minister of Ma
rine, M. Loekroy, replying in the Cham
ber of Deputies to-day to questions on the
subject of the recent explosion of a pow
der magazine at La Goubran, between
Toulon and La Seine, said the inquiries
made had not yet led to a positive result,
inasmuch as no traces of the origin of
the disaster were discoverable. One part
of the magazine, the Minister continued,
was filled with powder liable to decompo
sition owing to the fact that it contained
'ether but he did not think that occurred
in the case of the magazine at La Gou-
M Lockroy said attention had been di-
I rected to the possibility of outrages hav
ing been committed by the introduction
of infernal machines in the powder and
that the magazines henceforth would ba
isolated.
56
TUESDAY. MARCH 14, 1899
" JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprtetor. _ _
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MJKLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F.
Telephone Main IMB. X
EDITORIAL ROOMS »>7 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Pestac«:
DAILY CALL ( Including- Sunday Call), one year *t'nn
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months »•"«
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 8 months ■ 1 u
DAILY CALL— By S!ns'.e Month ....v • °»°
SUNDAY CALL One Year..... *••>"
WEEKLY CALL, Or.» Year : I>uv
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Seaipl« copies will be forwarded •when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. 908 Broadway
PEW YORK OFFICE -Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative. j
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE - Wel!ta£to« Hotel
C. C. CAHLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO 0FF1CE......... Marqtiette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative
•RANCH OFFICE«-527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 8:30 o'clock 387 H^ye» street, open until
9:30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open "uotll 9:30
c'clocK- 615 Lar^ln street, open uo»H 9^50 o'clocK
lSAi Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- £29' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518
Mission street, open until 9. o'clock- '06, Elevantb
street, open uQtll 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:50 o'clock. " NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. :
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—
Tivo.ll— "The Pretty Poacher." .
Grand Opera House— "Cavallerla Rustlcana."
Alcazar— "A Social Highwayman."
Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "Dewey. the Hero of Manila."
Chutes. Zco and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
End evening. < '*..~.._^-... .•
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This Day. at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Rugs, at 122 Geary street.
By Frank W. Hutterfield— This Day, at 11 o"clock, Restaur-
ant Fixtures, at 7^ Clay street.
By Easton, Eldrldge & Co.— Tuesday, March, 34, at iz
. m., Real Estate, at MS Market street.
By Von'Rhefe & Co.-Thursday, March 23, at 12 m., Beal
K B tale at 513 California street.
THE FACTS OBOUT QUARANTINE.
SIXXE public authority was first asserted to iso
late an infected district or sequester infected
travelers for forty days, a quarantine of time,
there has arisen in many countries an issue between
local and supreme jurisdiction over that subject. The
policy of our Federal Government has been in the
direction of wise co-operation with the States. Epi
demics arhong men are of subtle and sinister force.
Their contagion takes often a secret and sinuous path,
which science follows with difficulty, and which may
well baffle insufficient agencies of authority.
This being true, the Federal Government has wisely
added to its extensive power and instrumentalities the
element of local solicitude as a powerful prompter of
the active vigilance of the State. Working together
in harmony the two have saved this country from any
prolonged and disastrous invasion of yellow fever or
cholera.
Sanitary science has had great progress in the last
half century. Formerly yellow fever was a too fre
quent visitor in New York City, and raged as far
north as Halifax. New York was once divided by a
high board fence, Crossing the island at Grand street.
In this fence were guarded doors, and communication
was cut off with the part of the city from the fence
to Castle Garden to isolate a devastating epidemic of
yellow fever which raged in the lower part of the
town.
Our San Francisco climate is not especially favor
able to febrile epidemics, but we are in such close
commercial relation with Asiatic ports, where these
plagues are endemic, that we cannot afford to omit
any precaution against their importation. For a long
time there was resistance to any Federal quarantine
here lest it should furnish footing for evasion of our
Chinese exclusion laws.
Even our members of Congress, in deference to
this form of the anti-Chinese movement, were listless
about securing Federal co-operation in quarantine.
During that time the practice was established of put
ting the matter in the hands of a quarantine officer
appointed by the San Francisco Board of Health,
who boarded incoming ships, to grant or withhold a
clean bill of health or free pratique.
When Federal quarantine was established here and
a station was located on Angel Island the city quar
antine officer continued to exercise this authority, and
the result has been annoying to commerce and ship
owners. Numerous clashes of authority have oc
curred, and for a time there was high friction with the
Federal authorities.
All this was caused by the non-appearance of the
State in the field of co-operation. The policy of the
Federal Government being clearly in the direction of
working in harmony with the State 'authority, and
there being no assertion thereof, it could no more
co-operate in this important function with a munici
pal officer than it could divide jurisdiction with the
bailiff of one of our police courts.
The public has in turn blamed each side of the
controversy, when no special blame attached to either,
for the whole difficulty arose in the absence of any
official representative of the State.
A bill is before the Legislature to provide what has
been lacking, by authorizing the appointment of a
quarantine officer representing the State Board of
Health. This will supply the needed and essential
presence of the State for Federal co-operation» and
the relations of the two jurisdictions will amicably
adjust themselves for the facility of commerce and
the protection of the people against the diseases of
Asia which may be carried on shipboard. It is to be
hoped that the bill will pass, and thus additional pro
tection will be given. This is needed in view of the
increase in our Asiatic and Pacific contacts. We must
watch leprosy from Hawaii as well as smallpox and
typhus from Manila, cholera from Yokohama and the
bubonic plague from Hongkong. The friendly and
scientific co-operation of the State and Federal Gov
ernments will give a sense of safety needed to protect
our community against epidemic panics and prevent
the losses which they cause.
There is not the slightest reason for supposing that
the human fragments found at the garbage crematory
indicate that a murder has been committed. Mur
derers as a rule do not pickle their victims, nor do
they scatter the fragments about so as to catch the
eye. The limit of the sensation is that some callous
medical student has been indecently heartless in dis
posing of a subject.
It is not believable that a reward of $50,000 is out
for the murder of Aguinaldo. With such a chance to
make money some of the Filipino's trusted leaders
would have had his head in a basket long ago.
Rumors that the military governors in Cuba clash
is fairly good evidence that they are on good terms.
THE END OF GAMBLING.
THE Board of Supervisors yesterday stood by
its moral, official and public duty. Resisting
all blandishments and no doubt putting many a
temptation behind them, the members by an almost
unanimous vote passed the ordinance prohibiting
pools and bookmaking on the races. If was at once
sent to the Mayor and was promptly signed, putting
it beyond reconsideration and making it the perma
nent law of the city unless repealed. Repeal bei,ng
more difficult than reconsideration, and reconsidera
tion being more difficult than defeat in the first in
stance, it will be seen that this moral ordinance is
now the farthest possible remove from danger. The
Call has made plain its position on this subject. . The
list of offenses, of the fall of men and. women, the
losses of good name, character and estate which we
compiled and published as a history of the ruin
wrought and degradation caused by track gambling,
long and distressing as it was, told but a fraction, of
the harm and sorrow and blighted life traceable .to
this affluent fountain of evil and corruption]- It has.
caused the betrayal of public and private trusts, of,
personal obligations, of the most sacred bonds that
can tie a man to his conscience and a woman -to her
honor.
With no inconsiderable knowledge of the world
and much observation of the weaknesses of .human
nature and the pitiful lapses to which men are prone,
we confess to an unusual sense of the appalling depths
to which one may fall when the feet slip once on the
downward way which the Supervisors have now
closed. The husbands who are fugitives from justice
01 serving sentences in prison, the sons who have
broken the hearts of their parents and the women
whose lives are eclipsed in dishonor, rise in ghastly
ranks to accuse the track gamblers of their undoing.
It is sometimes said that men deserve no praise for
doing their duty, but this hardly holds in this case.
Long sufferance and protracted tolerance of this evil
had given it the shelter that time and indifference
throw around immemorial custom. The poolsellers
and bookmakers could enlist on their side quite re
spectable business interests and could avail themselves
of the neutrality of the indifferent to such an extent
that, lacking moral conscience, the Supervisors could
have evaded the responsibility which they have met
and discharged gallantly like men. They deserve ap
plause; they merit every assurance of popular ap
proval, and the city cannot too much honor them.
F-very wife and mother, every man and woman, and
every boy and lad in this city is safer to-day than yes
terday. The happiness of every home, the honesty of
every man and the honor of every woman is safer
than before.
The pulpit has its share of the public gratitude. It
rallied unitedly in demanding that the law remove
this lure and leading into- temptation. The ministers,
in temperate and restrained but truthful and heart
reaching terms, held up the evil and summoned the
forces of public authority to provide its remedy. They
fulfilled their moral office and did it timely and wejl.
The Call congratulates the city that a shadow has been
lifted from its form and thanks the Supervisors who
heard the tumult without, demanding an end to this
vice, and the still, small voice within which prompted
the duty so well arid quickly done.
WORKINGMEN fIND THE EXPOSITION.
Q CTION taken by the Building Trades Council
a in adopting a resolution favoring the proposed
Pacific Ocean Exposition adds an important
element of strength to the movement and will go far
toward bringing it to success. The action is there
fore in the highest degree gratifying and will be so
regarded by all progressive men throughout the city.
It would have been a serious handicap indeed if
San Francisco had been compelled to undertake the
great enterprise without the earnest co-operation of
her workingmen. The opposition of a futile news
paper owned by a non-resident and run for boodle
purpdses can be ignored; but antagonism to the
movement on the part of any influential part of the
community would have been disastrous.
The exposition will be of benefit to all classes of
people and all* interests of the Pacific Coast. It will
stimulate trade and industry in a thousand ways. Such
have been the results accomplished by expositions held
in other parts of the Union, and there is no reason to
doubt they will be attained here. It is worth noting
in this connection that the exposition at Omaha last
summer was so successful, despite the war, that the
managers of the enterprise propose to hold another
on the same site during the coming season.
The Pacific Coast has never had a great exposition
elaborately worked out. The best accomplished so
far was the Midwinter Fair, which was hurried along
with insufficient means and was opened before it was
fully advertised. Thus it did not bring to the city
anything like the benefits it would otherwise have
done; and yet it must be borne in mind it relieved the
stagnation of that season of panic and depression and
gave employment to many who otherwise would have
been without wages during that dreary winter.
The coming exposition will be conducted on dif
ferent lines. ,It will put into circulation a large
amount of idle home money and also bring large
-sums from abroad. When once launched an appro
priation of $500,000 from the General Government is
assured. Other States will also make appropriations
for expenditure here. Such expenditures will pro
mote industry in all lines and will be particularly bene
ficial to the building trades. All workingmen are
therefore as interested in the enterprise as are the
merchants, manufacturers and land-owners, and the
council of the building trades has acted wisely in
adopting resolutions approving it.
SENATORIAL ELECTIONS.
BY way of variety in the discussion of reforms in
Senatorial elections, the . Eastern press has
turned from the ; familiar proposition of pro
viding for such elections by direct vote of -the people
to a new scheme of enabling deadlocks to be broken
in legislative bodies by authorizing the election of
Senators by a plurality instead of a majority vote.
The new plan, which was submitted to Congress in
a bill by Senator Hoar, provides "if no person shall
have received a majority after seven separate ballots
in joint assembly, one of such ballots at least having
been taken on seven separate days, the person who
receives a plurality of all the votes cast. on the next
ballot, or, if there be no plurality, on the first subse
quent ballot where any person shall have a plurality,
a majority of all the members of both houses being
present and voting, shall be declared duly elected."
Such a change in the system of electing Senators
would be less radical than that of providing for a
direct vote of the people and will therefore be at
tractive to conservative reformers. It has, however,
very little beyond its conservatism to commend. It
is in the nature of a- compromise which, in' operation
would probably prove to be a surrender of the whole
issue by the reformers and a complete victory for the
corrupt elements in politics.
Election by a plurality vote after the seventh joint
ballot would indeed break a deadlock, but it would
in most cases break it to the advantage of some can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
didate utterly unworthy of the office. It would open
the door of the Senate, for aspirants who could never
command a majority vote nor obtain the suffrages of
the people, and such results would be worse than the
most prolonged deadlock we are ever likely to see.
The very fact that such a plan has been submitted
to Congress is significant of the tone of public senti
ment on this subject. It shows that even among the
mor.e conservative citizens there is a general recogni
tion of the evils growing out of the present system of
electing Senators and a desire to provide a remedy.
■It i£ evident the issue cannot be much longer ignored
or postponed. Deadlocks and worse scandals are be
coming too common in these periodical contests be
fore the Legislatures, and the consequences are too
disastrous to ordinary legislative business. A change
is inevitable, bat when it is accomplished ft 'should
not' be a 1 compromise. The only remedy
for the abuse is the popular one of electing Senators
by direct vote 1 of the people.
THE BANKS OND.THE LEGISLATURE.
THE existing depression in country property and
apprehension induced by the limited rain supply
were only proximate or exciting causes of the
suspension of the County Bank and the Commercial
Bank of San Luis Obispo and the Bank of ' Paso
Robles. The real or fundamental reason for these
failures was a loose method of conducting busines^
'unchecked through the defective organization of the
Bank Commission of this State and inefficiency on
the part of the present Commissioners. A few figures
will establish these propositions. As appears by
a communication from Mr. Evan J. Coleman, first
president of the Bank Commission, published in an
other column, in the case of the County Bank of San
Luis Obispo, as far back as May 18, 1895, the dis
proportion between its available and convertible as
sets and its liabilities was inexcusable. But its condi
tion on August 31, 1898, was more serious. At that
time its investments in bank premises, in real estate
taken for debts and in loans on real property aggre
gated $407,170 97. Its loans on stocks, bonds and
other personalty amounted to $3-2,7-29 68; and on
'perspnal security," which means individual credit, it
had outstanding the large sum of $162,308 51. Its
money on hand and due from banks footed up only
$25,149 86. Its liabilities to depositors and banks
were $385,969 34. Obviously from these figures, taken
from the report of the Bank Commissioners more 1
than six months ago, while the ultimate solvency of
the bank might have been assured if real estate had
not proved inconvertible, the disparity between its
debts and its credits was so wide that it was not in
a condition to transact ordinary banking business and
was. at the mercy of any "run" that might be pre
cipitated by local or transitory conditions. These
facts should have been comprehended by the Com
missioners and the bank at once forced to stop or
to increase its immediately available funds. Its of
ficial statement of December 31, 1898, printed in The
Call of yesterday, showed that it had proceeded from
bad to worse. The amount of money tied up in the
bank premises, in surrendered real estate and in pend
ing loans on real property had then increased to $466,
--559 10, and the loans on "personal security" to $178,
--222 21, while the money on hand and dus from banks
was reduced to $12,776 76, and the deposits and in
debtedness to other banks had been enlarged to $449.-
473 37-
The County Bank of San Luis Obispo is the chief and
originating factor in the financial disturbance in that
county, but under proper supervision and control its
bad management might have been arrested and the
injury liable to result from its suspension averted.
Apart from the criticism that may be justly directed
to the Commissioners, in its issue of February 17,
1899, The Call specially invited the attention of the
Legislature to a practical remedy for unsafe banking,
then suggested by Mr. Coleman, who proposed that
the present statute should be amended so as to en
large the number of Commissioners to five, to reduce
the salary of each to the original figure of $3000
per annum and to compel the disclosure to the public
and to the Commissioners of all assignments and hy-
pothecations of securities. The provision for public
ity was essential, because the law directing advertised
semi-annual statements from each bank had been re
pealed, which deprived depositors of official informa
tion, without which they were in constant danger.
The additional expense of this economical measure,
only $4200 in each year, would have inflicted no addi
tional burden upon taxpayers, because it was provided
that the cost and the restricted expenses of the Com
mission should be collected by an assessment trans
ferred from the deposits to the entire resources of the
banks that would not exceed 8 cents in $1000.
As usual, however, private interests and private in
fluences in this important matter have so far over
balanced th£ public welfare, and the end of the leg
islative session has been almost reached without the
adoption of the improvements in the law that at least
temporarily, until a better system could be devised,
would have prevented loss and ruin to thousands of
industrious and economical citizens. Bills covering
the proposed amendments were introduced both in
the Senate and in the Assembly. For some inexplicable
purpose the Assembly bill was withdrawn. The Sen
ate bill was retained and is ready for the third reading,
but it has been injudiciously amended so as to fix the
office of the Commissioners at Sacramento instead
of San Francis.co, where the principal banks are lo
cated, and the salaries of the five Commissioner at
the present rate, $3600 each per year, while "necessary
traveling expenses," placed by Mr. Coleman at $2000,
are raised to $5000 per annum. Meanwhile one of the
items for printing useless reports crammed with un
intelligible statistics? which it was intended to lop off,
has been illustrated in the general appropriation bill,
a; we are informed, to the tune of $4000.
The question of protecting the earnings and depos
its of the people in savings and in commercial banks
is not political, has no connection whatever with the
Senatorial deadlock or with the defunct State Harbor
Commission bill, and should not be considered in re
lation to patronage or under the advice or pressure
of interested parties. Its deep significance has been
painfully manifested within the past week. A Com
mission of five, in which not more than three should
be of the same party, could attend to its duties and
examine the condition of the banks without strain or
undue procrastination. For traveling expenses $2000
is^ an ample annual allowance. Thrj»e thousand
dollars per annum for each Commissioner is a
sufficient compensation and equals the sal
ary of many of our Superior Judges. The
entire cost of the Commission s-hould be
defrayed, not by the depositors but by the banks,
to which the amount would be a mere bagatelle. And
there is no reason whatever for any tax upon the peo
ple for bulky printing that conveys no available in
formation and actually dwarfs the annual reports of
the National Comptroller of the Currency.
We sincerely hope that the pressure of facts thus
brought directly to its notice, that affect the sub
stantial interests of the people, may induce the Legis
lature to restore Senate bill No. 678 to its original text
and to enact it into a law that will afford provisional
and essential relief, the necessity for which was never
more urgent and is not likely to be soon diminished.
THE RECENT BANK
FAILURES.
. Editor Call: The failure of the County
Bank -of San Luis Obispo is another
proof of the want of vigilance or ability
on the part of the Bank Commission.
This bank was incorporated as a
State bank in December, 1892. —.
• The Bank Commissioners' statement
of its condition after their examination
on May 18, 1895, was as follows :
■- ■=. -- RESOURCES.
Bank premises •* 28.622 18
Other real estate ....... ...vr.". 60.544 53
Invested in warrants . ••;•• <£* "
loans on real estate ; 260,000 00
Loans and discounts .. • •■• 3^3.089 47
Cash balances : ...... 8».»" 07
Due from banks and bankers ; 6.3?* j>»
Furniture, fixtures, etc ;■'?) 'J
Expenses, taxes, etc ........... *.*?* °£
Other assets so aa
Total resources J |702,613 11
LIABILITIES. -' . ' ■'
Capital paid up , 1.130,000 00
Reser+e fund ..- ...... ' 'JW.OOO 00
Due depositors . a*"-i? qq
Due banks and bankers •'• . ~\JiJ ?X
Interest -collected .-.' . .» .".U-'-i .- — - "•'. *■*'* 5™
Rents, exchange, etc .*.'. i 52; is
Front and loss ..,.* ..,.. :..... .;:..' «.930 40
State, -county or -city' money ....29.591 a
! Total liabilities ........_-.. .-...5752.613 11
, In the "Financial letter" of October
14, 1898 the following: was the report,
by : the Bank Commissioners' Of its con
dition on August 31, 1898; •
. ' . -.. ASSETS. •• ,
Bank premises ■?..,..'......*... ....... J ...S 23.622 18
Real estate taken for- debt ,l---lt-
Loans on. real estate .............. ...... „'»?« 3o
Loans on stocks., bonds, etc........... 3 ; .7-9 -?
Loans on personal security • 1» ; . *"» r»
Money on hand , ; T?S 14
Due from banks ........:..... •••■•' X-%% «
0ther, a55et5;. ....... w. .:.;.,..., »:••;• < i.iJS *'
Total • • * 630 ' 657 43
■■ . ■ LIABILITIES. ? •- .
Capital paid up , , *150,000 00
Reserve and "surplus .:.... ". , , '™ A
Due depositors is'nSi \l
Due banks and bankers ■ * 3 - ml 8a
' Total .:.......... » 630 657 49
A comparison of the salient points in
the bank's condition in May, 1895, and
a little over three years later shows the
following changes for the worse:
First— The real estate taken for debt
increased $162,445, making the total
amount tied up in unproductive prop
erty (including the bank premises) the
large sum of $241,612, which absorbed
the whole of the paid-up capital and
SU Second-The amount borrowed from
other banks in the meanwhile had in
creased over $19,000 and amounted to
a total of $63,082.
Third— Unsecured loans and over
drafts were $162,308. ..-„_, ,-,
Fourth— Money on hand had dwindled
to $22,780, which was only 7 per cent
of the deposits. „ "„
Fifth— The deposits had fallen off
In fact everything indicated that the
bank had been doing a losing business
for the preceding three years and was
in a very unhealthy condition.
Any competent Bank Examiner would
have declared the bank in an unsafe
condition last August (if not before),
and the Commissioners were derelict in
their duty in allowing the bank to con
tinue in business. E. J. COLEMAN.
March 12, 1899.
HOBSON'S PROMOTION.
How It Was Brought About and
What It Really Amounts To.
The promotion, so called, of Naval Con
structor Hobson is far from being what
he and his friends expected It to be. The
nomination advancing him from number
one on the list of assistant naval con
structors to number eight on the naval
constructor's list was apparently pushing
him up fourteen numbers, but as he had
already advanced five numbers and bo
came a naval constructor June 23, 1898,
through the usual process of promotion,
his advancement is, therefore, only from
NR. 17 to No. 8, as a reward for unparal
leled heroism.
It has been understood ever since the
whole country heard of his exploit and
plans .were being devised of how to prop
erly reward such service, that Hobson
preferred entering the line corps, and it
was quasi officially announced that his
place would be last on the list of lieu
tenant commanders. In this event and
without the Intervention of the navy per
sonnel bill just passed Hobson would have
become a rear admiral in ten years hence
at the age of 39. On June 27 last the Pres
ident, in a message to Congress, recom
mended that the thanks of Congress lie
extended to Hobson and his fellow heroes,
and that the gallant leader be transferred
to the line and promoted to such position
therein as might be determined. Hobson
received the thanks of Congress very
promptly, but the advancement to the line
did not follow, and now he gets only an
advance of nine numbers in the naval
constructors' corps, equivalent to pushing
nine of the constructors down one num
ber each. The service he rendered was
in the line of duty as a line officer and
not that of a naval constructor, hence his
new place should be in the line corps.
The entire line, however, was opposed
to the advancement of Hobson, and the
Crowninshield-Sampson-Cooper combine,
which represents the ultra line sentiment
against the staff, appear to have chiseled
the young hero out of his merited reward.
Without the passage of the navy reor
ganization bill Hobson would have re
ceived no substantial reward by over
slaughing nine constructors. He would
only reach the relative rank of- comman
der in 1901 and that of captain in 1920.
Under the operation of the new navy per
sonnel bill the number of naval construct
ors with the rank and pay of captain is
Increased from two to five, commanders
from three to five and the others are
raised from lieutenants to lieutenant
commanders. Under this law Hobson will
have the rank of commander at once and
that of captain on March 4, 1901, upon the
retirement of Chief Constructor Hichborn.
As the chief of Bureau of Construction
rs selected from any one of the twenty
two constructors his chances of becoming
chief of that bureau with the rank of
rear admiral are somewhat uncertain, and
even if he should be fortunate enough to
head the constructors' corps he will be a
rear admiral by rank only and not a com
mander in chief of a fleet. That Mr. Hob
son becomes a captain by rank In less
than two years is only because of the
workings of the new bill, for, as the re
cent recommendation for his promotion
shows, he was only to be promoted nine
numbers over the heads of other con
structors, with no increase in rank or pay
— the latter two only to follow upon re
tirement of those ahead of him:
The Washington clique worked their
game to perfection and even went bo far
as to have Hobson ordered to the Phil
ippines where, 10,000 miles away from
Washington, he would be powerless to
check the plot to steal away his merited
reward. In ten months hence, however,
Congress will again be in session and
Hobson's friends will make an effort to
right the wrong and place him in the
corps for which he rendered such signal
service and for which he would not have
been selected but for eminent fitneßs
above all the other young line officers in
the Sampson squadron. A. J. F.
Foresters of America.
At the last held meeting: of Court Sutro
Heights the committee on entertainment
announced that all arrangements had
been completed for the giving in Native
Sons' Hall, on the 25th lnst.,,of the grand
ball in celebration of the fourth . anni
versary of the institution of the court.
At the next meeting on the 16th the court
will be officially visited by one of .the
grand officers, and on that night the offi
cers will exemplify the work with the
guard in new uniforms. There will be sev
eral candidates to initiate. The court has
issued a neat calendar for the use of mem
bers. It contains the dates of < all meet
ings for the term, the names of officer*,
and other data that will remind the mem
ber of his duty to the court.
[ ti.ru.ud. Trustee Qricun, accompanied by
W W Klinerer past chief ranger of Court
PaloAUopaldan official visit last week
to Court Yosemite in Fresno and .found
it very active The ritualistic work was
exemplified ir f'a very satisfactory manner
by the initiation of a candidate and then
there followed a banquet, when several
hours were enjoyably spent. qoflipdav
Grand Secretary Cordy on Saturday
evening instituted a new court, with forty
charter members, at Walnut Grove Sac
ramento County. He fn
the work by Grand Sub Chief Judge
Hughes of Sacramento. The new court
is named Georgiana. rw*ni« h«<s
Past Grand Chief Ranger O™"*. A as
organized another' new court at Bib Dee
Ariz. It will be known as Court Invin
cible. .
AROUND THE
Henry Fowler, a Napa capitalist, is at
the Russ. ... -
W. E. Stevens, a Seattle merchant, is a
guest at the Palace. -
I. Levison, a Rocklin merchant, is stay
ing at the California.
Colonel J. A. Hardin. the Santa Rosa
cattle man, is at the Russ House.
Joseph Powning, a capitalist of..Brook
lyn is a late arrival at the Palace. |
R F. Lewis; a merchant of Juneau,
Alaska, is at the California with his wife.
Charles Erickson, the railed contrac
tor of Martinez, is a guest at the Grand
Hotel. . v ■ , ■ .
W. A Veith a prominent . orchardist
and'vineyardist of Fresno, is stopping at
the Grand.
J. Murnhy has come down from Carson,
where he is heavily interested in mines,
and is registered at the Russ.
Among the guests at the Grandee
James McCudden, the Government
tractor, of Vallejo, and Miss McCudden.
Commander C. P. Perkins, U. S. N., .and
wife have returned from Byron Springs
where they have teen spending several
weeks, and are located at the Occidental.
.£___ <$►+ It often occurs in
X^ - ■<> the everyday af
[ SHOATS j fairs of life that
__ __ a little thing can
A MENACE TO produce great re
. . MlNl ppc suits either for
MINERS. | g<Mjd or eviL This
■ , t is exemplified by
a story told by Jim McCorxnack, the So
nora merchant, who was in the city last
week. Jim is the leading purveyor of
meats Jn his town, and his tale concerns
a little pig. ' "  _, _ _
"The Vine Spring ranch," said McCor
mack, "is located a few miles from So
nora, and the bead of the pipe line which
supplies the water to the Tuolumne Elec
tric Power Company is on the ranch, The
rancher raised pigs for a while, but he
I doesn't any more. About a year ago a
shoat not bigger than a good-sized . cat
did about $200,000 damage to several peo
ple and pig raising in my section is now
prohibited. It happened this way. The
electric power company supplied light to
the towns of Sonora and Columbia, and
also transmitted power to the Rawhide
and App mines. One night that cussed
little rcoter got to prowling around and
began 'snooting' into the soft banks of
the water ditch Just above the pipe line
that leads down to the power house. The
shoat was an industrious little wretch,
and about midnight, when things were
lively in town and several- hundred men
were working in the mines he succeeded
in getting through the bank. In another
instant the water burst through the break
and the motor at the power house stopped
quicker than you can think about it. The
same instant the mines were in darkness,
the poker players in Sonora and Colum
bia grabbed for the pots with one hand
! and pulled their guns with the other, and
consternation prevailed all around. The
pumps at the hoists at the Rawhide and
App mines stopped work ! and the men
down below became panic-stricken. The
| superintendent of the power house could
I not Imagine what had happened—
! dynamos were all right, no fuses had
burned out— it was some time before
ho learned that the trouble was with the
water supply. . :
"As soon as possible men were sen: up
the ditch to see what was the matter, but
they went above ' the place where the
shoat had burrowed through the bank,
and the trouble was not located until the
next day. By "that time the lower levels
in the mines were full of water (the min
ers were hauled up by hand during the
night) and several days elapsed before
the men could go .to work again. Old Cap
Nevills was daffy, and he threatened all
kinds of lawsuits, but the unlucky owner
of the pig mollified him by signing an
agreement never to allow a pig on his
ranch. The captain then sought to have
the Board of Supervisors 'pass a law pro
hibiting the raising of hogs in the county,
but there" were several farmers on the
boar.d, and they refused to comply.
"I need pigs in my business, but since
that shoat nearly wrecked the Rawhide
and almost inaugurated wholesale
slaughter in the poker rooms I have to go
outside the ditch country to get porkers.
It is hinted that the miners look upon the
succulent shoats as a menace to their
lives and property, and they kill them on
sight." c .-. ' _
O. O. Howard, a prominent citizen of
Brooklyn, N. V., is at the Palace, ac
companied by his wife.
Mrs. E. R. Spaulding and Miss Spauld
ing, of Santa Barbara, were among yes
terday's arrivals at the California,
Judge John D. Bicknell and Judge
James A. Gibson, of Los Angeles, arrived
in this city yesterday and are registered
at the. Palace. . "...
Colonel John T. Harrington, a Colusa.
lawyer; R. C. Terry, a Clayton land own
er, and R. Robertson, proprietor of Pa
raiso Springs, are registered at the Lick.
Armand Cailleau has returned from a
four weeks' business trip to '• New York
City, made preparatory to the opening
of his new store at 114-116 Kearny street.
Mr. Hugh Boyd, editor and proprietor
of the New • Brunswick, N. J., Home
News, is at the Occidental. He is one of
the most influential journalists in . his
State, and his paper has a large circula
tion. Mr. Boyd has spent two months in
Southern California, and is charmed with
its climate, scenery and people. He is
sending his publication, a' series of bright
letters descriptive of his experience here.
One of these articles has found its way
back to the coast and has been repro
duced by the San Diego papers.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 13.— L. V. Levison
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Plaza. R- G. Hanford of San Francisco
is at the Grand.
:alifornians in Washington
WASHINGTON, March 13.— S. S. Bru
ner and E. Bruner, of Los Angeles, _and
Charles Hartung, of San Francisco," are
at the Riggs House.
Friends of the Forest.
Monday, March 6. Lincoln j .Lodge No.
2, Friends of the Forest, held its first
meeting in Occidental J Hall, Foresters'
building-, and it was attended by forty
one of the members. There was the elec
tion of one candidate for social member
ship, and then \ the social committee re
ported having completed all arrangements
for the evening at home to be given to
morrow night. A committee was also ap
pointed to arrange for an entertainment
and dance to be given in April. .
Pioneer Lodge, at Its last held
meeting; received several applications
and decided to hold an" open meeting on
the 21st inst. During the evening the in
formation was conveyed to the lodge that
Mrs. .Mary E. McLane, the financial sec
retary and also supreme president, had
been quite' ill, and that Supreme Secre
tary Mrs. Lena Sholten had just ; recov*
ered from a severe attack of illness. This
lodge will pay a -fraternal visit to Amer
ica Lodge on the first Thursday in April.
Mizpah Lodge will have a social in Mis
sion Opera Hall on the. 16th inst.' " There
will be a programme of vaudeville num
bers *.nd music for the dance will b« by
the Fourth Cavalry, band. , ■ ""• "
JUDGE HUN
IN THE ROLE'
OF DETECTIVE
Arrests a Woman the
Pblice^Wanted.
KNEW HER BY A GOLF CAPE
MBS. MOLE CHAKGED WITH MIS
DEMEANOR EMBEZZLEMENT.
She Deserted Her Husband and Is
Suspected of Preferring a
Handsome Bugler at
the Presidio.
Judge Conlan distinguished himself yes
terday afternoon by discovering and ar
resting a woman who was wanted by De
fectives Ryan, O'Dca and Anthony on
a charge of misdemeanor embezzlement,
with two of her companions, a bugler at
the Presidio and her husband's niece.
Saturday morning Mrs. A. Burtis, 1269
Union street, who owns several houses in
that locality, swore to a complaint before
the Judge for the arrest of Mrs. May
Mole, who had been one of her tenants
at 1273 Union street, on a charge of mis
demeanor embezzlement. Mrs. Burtis al
leged that Mrs. Mole Friday morning
called upon her and asked for the loan
of her golf cape, as she was going to the
ferry to see a married couple off and
would return it in a few hours. Mrs. Mole
got the cape and left an adopted child in
Mrs. Burtis' care till she returned. She
did not come back, and Mrs. Burtis learn
ed that she had deserted her husband and
had taken with her all the money he had
saved, amounting to $52. It was "thought
that she had gone away with a bugler at
th MnL re Mole ; s husband, who is a laborer
employed by the gas company, called at
the office of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children Saturday and
asked their advice as to what he would
do with his adopted child as his wife had
deserted him. He was advised to take it
to the Infants' Shelter on Minna street.
The warrant for Mrs. Mole's arrest was
handed to the detectives and they ascer
tained that Saturday night Mrs. Mole was
joined by William Russell, a bugler in
Battery I at the Presidio, and that she
bought a lot of groceries and meat from
a butcher on Hyde and Union streets,
which she took to a house in the neigh
borhood. She cooked the meat and she
and the bugler and her husband s niece,
Mabel Richards, had supper together.
That was the last trace they got of her
till yesterday afternoon, when they iouna
the woman in the City Prison.
Judge Conlan when he signed the war
rant obtained from Mrs. Burtis an out
line of the story and a description of the
cape and the woman. He and Attorney
McMartin were walking along Market
street yesterday afternoon and at blxtn
street he saw a soldier accompanied by a
woman and a young girl. The csfpe worn
by the woman attracted the Judge s at
tention and he accosted them. -xt first
Mrs Mole denied her identity, but finally
confessed and said she was on her way to
deliver the cape to Mrs. Burtis.
The Judge called to Policeman O Shea,
who happened to be in the neighborhood,
and instructed O'Shea to take the trio to
the City Prison. There Mrs. Mole was
booked on the charge of m 'sderoeanor em
bezzlement and Russell and Mabel Rich
ards, a girl 16 years of age, were de
tained pending further investigation.
When searched Russell had $37 50 belong
ing to Mrs. Mole in his pockets.
Mrs. Mole said that her husband had or
dered her to leave the house or he would
kill her, and she had done so. The
money she took she had worked for, and
she considered it as much hers as her
husband's . She said that she had
gone to friends in Oakland Friday and
Sad remained there till yesterday morn
ne when she crossed the bay to see her
husband's sister. There she met Rang!
and Mabel. Russell is Mabel s &weet
heart She denied that she had seen
Russell Saturday night. She begged the
prison officials not to allow her husband
to see her as he might kill her.
Woodmen of the World.
March 6 was initiation night in
Golden Gate Camp, and Clarence Cope;
F. A. Michel, Dr. L. H. J. Masson and
Joseph McKenna were admitted to mem
bership they increasing the numerical
strength to 906. This is the banner coun
cil of California, and having attained that
fr O m t^ e »t Siffltk there will
t b i c on m °a e nd W o r n k fcV
be an added attraction in the nature
of the conferring of the Oriental degree by
the team of Western Addition Camp. .
James H. Garratt. special organizer of
the order, has been doing remarkably
good work in the past few weeks. He se
cured for Golden Gate, . San Francisco.
Western Addition, Redwood and Rich
mond camps an aggregate of fifty-nine
men who are now "neighbors of wood
craft " Garratt is a hustler.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau 010 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
To detect oleomargarine from genuine
butter a small portion of each is melted
in proper receptacles, in which common
cotton wicks are inserted and lighted.
These will burn freely. The odor ot the
smoke arising from the oleomargarine is
repulsive and nauseating, while that from
the butter is faint and inoffensive.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestlbuled
sleeper?, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out changa. Get full particulars at company's
office, 62i> Market st. •
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, appetizer and
lnvigorator. Imparts a delicious flavor to all
drinks and cures dyspepsia.
After the guests bidden to a garden
party given by the Queen have withdrawn,
the police, with 4. staff of beatprs, go care
fully through the grounds, examining the
interior of the marquees and scrutinizing'
nooks and retreats in search of lost
Jewels. Everything that is found in the
way of trinkets, sticks, lace handkerchiefs
and love letters is forwarded to the Lord
Chamberlain's office.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders arc the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
"o yAt bakiwq powoew.oo., ntw vow. -FOR HER SON'S
AWFUL DEATH
Horrid Crime for Which
Mrs. Minnie Adams Is
Under Arrest.
FATHER OF BABE THE ACCUSER
Offspring of Wilson Gray Meets Death!
From Carbolic Acid Under Sus
picious Circumstances.
MRS. MINNIE ADAMS was arrested
at her father's home, 117 Parker
avenue, last night on suspicion of
having murdered her 2-year-old 11
--legitimate child, John Richard Gray, by
administering a dose of carbolic acid. A
Quarrel with the father of the child,
which resulted In the separation of the
couple, added to the fact that there were
too many mouths to be fed. is believed to
be the motive for the revolting crime.
The fathers of the child, Wilson Gray, id
the accuser of the woman, and had he
| not reported the matter to the police it
Is probable the death would have passed
- as an accident.
Yesterday shortly after noon Dr. H. A.
Nle'meyer reported to the Coroner's office
that a child had died from carbolic acid
poisoning at 117 Parker avenue. He had
been told that the baby picked up a bot
tle containing the acid in the yard and
swallowed the contents. Believing the
..statement made him by the mother, he
.gave it to Deputy Coroner Sullivan as he
.heard it, and the body, at the request of
■ the family, was allowed to remain at the
• house. Dr. Zabala viewed the body last
night, and as there seemed to be no evi
dence of anything but an accident, was
satisfied that it was not necessary to per
form an autopsy.
- While the Coroner's officials were in
vestigating the case Wilson Gray, a
teamster for David Dillon, presented
himself at the O'Farrell-street station
and informed Sergeant Burke that he be
lieved a murder had been committed. The
sergeant notified the Chief of Police, and
he with Detective Graham went to the
home of Mrs. Adams to ascertain the
truth of the statement made by Gray.
From the investigations they made and
the evidence they secured they came to
the conclusion that Mrs. Adams had
killed the child. The woman was placed
under arrest and the body of the babe
was taken to the Morgue.
\ Mrs. Adams, who lives with her father,
John Tyrrell, has been separated from
her husband, John Adams, for some time.
About three years ago she became Inti
mate with Gray, and the two lived to
gether at the house of her father. A
child was born to them, and they con
tinued to live as man and wife until with
in the past two months, when Gray left
her— claims because she took money
from his pockets at night.
The woman's version of the separation
is that Gray would return home drunk,
and she would take possession of the
money until he sobered up. This, she
claims, angered him and he threatened
to shoot her. .
On his return from work last night Gray
found the following note: "Come up and
B ee your child. He is dead." As he had
not been on very friendly terms with the
family he suspected the note was a ruse
and determined to notify the police. To
Eergeant Duke he confided the history of
his past relations with Mrs. Adams, and
eaid ho feared to go to the house alone
lest he should become the victim of foul
■ play He said he did not believe the baby
was dead, but stated that if the contents
of the note were true he felt certain that
the child had been murdered by its moth
er In support of this statement he told
the- sergeant that Mrs. Adams had wished
to get rid of the burden and once talked
of putting it In some home. A trifle over
a month ago. he claims. Mrs. Adams told
fclm that the •>:•■ had found a bottle of
carbolic acid, which she' had taken away
from him. She at that time made the
threat that If the child found the bottle
again she would let him swallow it.
To all appearances the case seemed
purely an accident and no evidence to
support the claim of murder was visible.
Every member of the family told a
straight story, but when closely ques
tioned by the police several contradictory
• statements were made. The mother said
-that shortly before noon she heard the
boy crying in the back yard. She took
him into an outhouse, but soon brought
him out, closing the door after her. On
the sand in front of the place she saw a
bottle but thought nothing of it. Re
turning to the house she prepared to do
Borne cooking, when" she heard the child
cry again, and on going out to find the
cause, found him lying at the bottom of
the stairs, apparently in great agony, with
the bottle in his hand. She took him into
the bouse, and neighbors, who were called
In thought the child had spasms. Miss
X/e'na Kenney, who lives next door; smell
ed the acid and it was not until she re
marked this that the mother thought to
tell that the child had been holding a
• bottle which, when she picked him up,
he threw over the fence. After some
time Dr. Neimeyer was summoned and
.a few moments after his arrival the baby
•was dead.
Where the bottle of acid came from Is
explained by Harrison Tyrrell, the 10
--year-old brother of Mrs. Adams, and the
police believe from his manner that he
was coached ou the story- Harrison says
L that on last Saturday, while playing with
Albert Blair, the child of a neighbor, the
tatter found the bottle in a vacant lot
• near his home. The Tyrrell boy claims
that young Blair remarked. "That is a
good bottle." Harrison picked the bottle
- up he says, and put it in his pocket. La
; ter he placed It in the cellar of his home,
and after that hid it behind the outhouse.
According to his statement the bottle,
which Is a half-pint whisky flask, con
tained scarcely a tablespoonful of liquid.
Nearly a teaspoonful remained in the
flask when taken possession of by the
police.
• The statement of Harrison Tyrrell Is
contradicted by Albert Blair. The latter
claims that he old not find the bottle,
didn't Bee the Tyrrell boy find It. and. in
fact, had never laid eyes on it until It was
In the hands of t're police. Ho told his
Eton.- to Sergeant • Duke ao<l Detective
Graham in a straightforward manner
which differed greatly from the parrot
like story of his playmate.
While th« statements made by Mrs.
Adams and her brother did not have the
air of truth about thorn, and wore con
tradictory at times, th? police found no
absolute evidence until they examined the
outbuilding:. When the door was opened
any lingering belief in the winds of tho
officer* that the troaw va\a'at be telling
the truth woa dispelled. There was a
Mreojf edot of carbolic »oW. which r*~
matned even after the door had stood j
open the quarter of an hour It took the \
police and Coroner's deputies to make
their investigation. The sand on the floor ;
and bits cf paper were saturated with
add and three boards were dampened j
with it. The boards, paper and sand j
were taken by the officers and will be
used as evidence against Mrs. Adams.
The mother of the child contradicted j
herself a number of times. Her first state- j
ment was to the effect that the boy fol
lowed her up the steps to the house after
she had taken him to the building. She
heard him say "Bum," a word he used
when he wished a drink of water. Yes
terday, instead of thinking he desired a
drink, she claims that she believed he j
was calling her a "bum." and replied, j
"All right, mamma is a bum." She then j
started to enter the house and, hearing |
him cry, turned back and saw him fall j
down the steps. Afterward she stated she j
had been in the house some time before j
she heard him cry. At one time she said j
she had left the boy in the outhouse and !
a few minutes later claimed that she had !
brought him outside and closed the door. •
From the amount of acid on the boards j
and sand, in addition to that swallowed 1
by the .child and found remaining in the j
bottle, the statement of Harrison Tyr- ]
rell that the flask originally contained j
but a tablespoonful is evidently a fals«
hood.
Dr. Niemeyer said last night that the
must have swallowed more than a
tablespoonful. as it was not full strength,
and a quantity of it was required to
cause the death of even so small a child.
The face of the baby was badly burned,
showing that considerable of the fluid
must have run down and been absorbed
by the clothing.
It is the theory of the police that the
baby was given the poison by its mother
while they were in the outhouse together.
After administering the poison Mrs. Ad
ams probaly left the outhouse hurriedly
and the child followed her until he fell
at the foot of the stairs.
The scene at the home of the dead child
last nierht was most pathetic. In a little
cramped up. Illy lighted room, on a cot.
lay the baby with its white face burned
and scarred by the acid- The mother,
cool and seemingly little affected by the
death, sat beside her babe. John Tyrrell,
the aged grandfather, stood by his daugh
ter's side, with the younger children
standing near him. Wilson Gray, the
father of the dead baby and the accuser
of its mother, stood near the head of the
cot and accused his companion of the
murder of their child. The police officers
and Coroner's deputies, grouped near in
the dim light, cross-questioned the mem
bers of the family, while the curious
neighbors in the hallway craned their
necks to hear the story of the unnatural
crime.
John Tyrrell, the father of Mrs. Adams,
Is more than S<"> years of age. Working
at Laurel Hil! Cemetery for a paltry sai
ary. he has seven mouths to feed and
seven bodies to clothe. The hovel in j
which the seven people are housed con- j
tains but three moms, which the head of j
tho house apologetically explained con
talned nothing but h^ds. Mrs. Adams, j
with her three helpless children, was !
nothing but a burden to her aged father. !
The contemplation of the poor life they j
led doubtless drove her to think of some
means of lightening the burden, and in
revolving schemes in her mind the
thought came that one less mouth to feed
would relieve the stress, and the mur- j
der followed.
INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
An Amendment That Will Be of In
terest to Distillers.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch was
notified yesterday of the following amend
ments to the internal revenue laws:
Section 32ST, Revised Statutes, has been
amended by an act approved February 21, 1899,
as foil
•■Provided, however, that upon the applica
tion of the distiller, and under such regula
tions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
with the approval of the Secretary of. the
Treasury, may prescribe, distilled spirits may
be drawn into wooden packages, each contain
ing two or more metallic cans, which cans
shall each have a capacity of not less than
five gal lens, win* measure, such packages to
be filled and used only for exportation from >
the I'nited States. And there shall be charged
for each of said packages or cases, for the '
expense of providing and affixing stamps. 5 I
centa Instead of 10 cents, as now required j
by law."
The Commissioner, pursuant to the opinion :
of the United States Attorney General, now
holds that bonds glvtn by executors, admin
istrators, guardians and receivers appointed by ;
the courts, are bonds required In legal pro- ■
ceedlngs and are not taxable. Thi3 reverses ,
the former rule.
A SHANGHAIED SAILOR.
He Brings Suit Against the Owner of
the Retriever for Not Re
trieving Him.
Glasgow C. Davis filed suit yesterday
in the United States District Court
against William J. Adams, owner of the
ship Retriever, to recover $2705 damages
alleged to have been sustained by the
plaintiff by reason of tho illegal acts of
the defendant. He alleges that on the
10th of May last he was taken in a row
boat by John Curtin to the ship on the
pretext of a visit to the vessel, and that
when he got aboard the boat was taken
away by Curtin and he was deprived of
his liberty and threatened with irons if
he resisted or raised an outcry.
Twenty-two days afterward he was
forced ashore by James oogan, master
of the ship, on a desolate and uninhabit
able shore in the State of Washington
and suffered great privation before he
succeeded in reaching the haunts of civ
ilization.
Theobald Under Arrest.
H. W. Theobald, who is accused by
Charle3 Sladky. formerly proprietor of
the Hammain Baths, with embezzling
$3000 from him. was arrested last night at
hie home In Alameda. Detective Whit
tnkcr will cross the bay this morning to
bring him back.
Notice of Removal.
Charles Lyor.a. the London Tailor of
Kearny street, has removed to his ele
gant now store at 122 Kcarny streat. In
tho Thurlow. block, between Butter and
Post, M, J. Hart is the manager at the
new itoro.
THE SAX FBA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAECH 14, 1899.
Wilson Gray, Standing Beside the Dead Body of His Illegitimate Child, Accuses the
Mother of Its Murder.
DISTINGUISHED GUESTS
TO GRACE THE BOARD
ANNUAL BANQUET PREPARA
TIONS COMPLETED.
Knigths of St. Patrick Will Usher In
Their Patron Saint's Day in
Royal Fashion.
On the evening of St. Patrick's day the
Knights of St. Patrick will hold their
twenty-fourth annual banquet in the
Maple room of the Palace Hotel. Ar
rangements were completed last night
by the board of directors of the organiza
tion, and the coming banquet gives prom
ise of being one of the finest affairs of its
kind ever given by the society. Distin
guished army and navy officers, states
men and scholars have been invited and
have accepted seats at the banquet board.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Monday, March 13, 1899.—Fifty-sixth
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
Q«y-| FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400. \
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
V4m.
Hm.
*.*n_.
1
684 Midian, 4 108 12
180 Einstein. 4 102 8
498 Lorena II. 6 104 4
804 Rapido. a 106 6
782 Merry Boy. 5 109 9
297 Adam Andrew, 6... 109! 1
793 Mai-bar, * 104 ll
762 Roulette Wheel, 4.. 100 3
7?2 Bonito. 4 100 2
475 Edgemount, 6 106 7
801 The Plunger, 5 106| 5
795 Meadow Lark, a 106 13
631 Fred Gardner, a... 114|10
11 4
7 1
1 IVs
8 'a
10 h
« *.
9 2
2 1
3 h
9 *_
4 Vs
13
12 2
7 1
4 1
1 2
8 1
9 1
3 h
10 1
' 2 H
5 Vi
11 6
6 3
13
12 1
5 Vi
2 1*.
1 1
7 2
8 a
3 2
10 1
4 h
6 Vi
11
9 3
12
13
1 5 Rutter
2 2 H. Martin
3 1 McNIchols ...
4 h Romero
6 Vi Snider '...
I Vi W. Narvaez..
7 Vi Ellis
8 I. Powell
9 Gray
10 Macklln
11 J. Brown
12 Reach
13 Cummlngs ...
6
1
20
40
30
20
5
30
10
50
100
10
100
7
4-5
7
60
30
40
10
40
10
200
200
15
200
Time— •_»_• Vi *30: »i. 1:16; mile. 1:43. Winner. J. F. Fogg's ch. h. by imp. Mid-
lothian-Rosette Strangling start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Mldian failed to bleed and was much the best. Lorena could not last. \vlth a better
rider Rapido might have won. Adam Andrew was miserably ridden. Should have been
fighting for the money.
Scratched— Bobbins 106.
811.
SECOND RACE"— One and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; over five
hurdles; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St. Std.
Vim. Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
800 Durward. 5 12o
800 Colonial Dame, 4. . . 12,
800 Joe Cotton, a 139
800 Major S. 6 125 j
384 University, a 123
<:fiO Ros3_nore, a 133-
800 Imp. Alien, a 123
805 Jazabel. 5 136
! 2
4
1
7
8
6
5
l 3
lh
4 1
2 8
6 2
52
7
32
1 2
3 2
2 2
6 4
5 3
7
4 4
1 1
36
2 Vi
6 8
4 2
6
•
2 1
3 15
1 h
4 1
6 12
«
2 h
3 6
1 %
5 10
4 Vi
6
1 1 !
2 Vi j
3 6
4 10 !
5 15 I
6
... i
I
:'.iover
McAulifTe ....
! Henry
it _._._.
Lenhart
3 5
3 11-5
6 8
6 15
15 20
12 30
20 100
2 5-2
Evans
Cooper
[McKenna ....
T. Murphy
•"Fvn
Time— 2: **9**4. Winner. J. H. Bobbins' b. g. by Luke Blackburn- Amelia T. Good start.
°Durwar_ re was r fortunate. Joe Cotton stumbled after taking last Jump. Looked a sure
winner. Dame should have beaten the winner.
Q|Q THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three- year-olds; purse, $400.
Weight.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Index. Horse.
'IS'.) C H. Harrison Jr.. 3
7S7 Elsln 107 *
494 Jingle Jingle 102 5
759 Anchored 107 6
7S2 Watnssa 108 1
666 Crossmollna 1021 2
1 2*.
2 2
6 5
6
4%
3 Vi
1 4
2 3
3 4
6
5 2
4 1
1 2*.
2 3
3 2
4 Vi
5 3
6
14 H. Martin
2 2 E. Jones
3 1 McNIchols ...
4 1*. Powell
6 5 Rutter
6 | Joe Weber
1-3
4
10
10
10
8
2-5
6
12
15
20
5
Time— iii -23*.* %. 35*,: %. _•_-)&- Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. g. by imp. Watercress-
Tjiril'le Murphy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. .
A gift for the winner. Jingle away poorly. Crossmollna started away left foot flrst.
So did Weber. ■ .
qIq FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
0 _-«->• purse, -.400. _^__
Std.
lm. IVim.
2m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
[Op. CI.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
737 Ed Gartland II. 4.. 95 2
794 Sardonic. 4 ■•■•™l J
(776) Tom Cromwell, 6.. .112 3
769 Mlstleton. 4 110 d
761 Una Colorado, a — » 6
(793) Roadrunner, a 11- 4
538 Casdale, 3 84 <
3 1
5 1
1 1*.
7
61
2 Vi
4 h
1 2
5 3
2 2
7
6 2
4 h
3 h
-rl 4 §g
3 2
2*.
7
4 h
5 h
6 6
1 3
2 Vi
3 4
7
4 2
6 3
6 1
14 14 McNIchols ... 6 8
2 1*. 2 n H. Martin 1 4-5
3 3 3 3 Jones 2 13-5
5 Vi 4 Vi Ellis 12 30
4 1 6 2 Powell 50 40
6 3 6 6 Macklln 12 60
7 7 J. Relfff 7 12
Time IM 07- 5-18, :25%; 9-16, :32*_; 13-16. 1:1?: mile. 1:41%: 1 1-16 miles. 1:48%. Win-
ner _» A. Honig's blk. g. by Imp. Albert-Piazza. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
thlr _oss l th. favorite*s race out. It doesn't go. Gartland was presented with the purse. Tom
Cromwell pulled up on three legs. It was a bad looking race all around.
S-ratched-Gllberto 91, Master Buck 81. Imperious 105, Major Hooker, 95.
.- . FIFTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; Belling; four-year-olds and
Ol4t purse, $400-
upward;
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Hm. 'Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
776 Gotobed. 4... 108 2
784 I'pnamela. 6 106 4
(795) Potente. 4 ;-••£_. ?
SOS Frank Jaubert, 6.. .106 1
794 Lady Hurst. 6 104 6
784 Greyhurst, 5... ______
4 Vi
5 8
3 Vs
1 Vi
6
2 %
5 10
4 Vi
1 1
3 h
6
2 1
4 1
21
1 1
66
6
3 1
3 4
2 *4
1 1
4 6
6
5 2
2 Vs
1 1
3 3
4 8
5 6
6 ■
1 1 Rutter
2 5 H. Martin
* 3 1% II. Powell
4 6 Ellis
5 15 I Weber
6 Jones
2 5-2
1 9-10
4 7
12 15
10 15
10 30
" Time— :07; 5-16, :31H: 9-16. *56H: 13-16. 1:22%: mile. 1:42%: 1 1-16 miles. 1:49%. Wln-
j y. Fogg's b. h. by imp. St. Andrew-Termagent. Good start. Won first three drlv-
K Gotobed was best and nicely ridden. Route proved too far for th© favorite. Potente
etoDDed Lady Hurst bumped at start.
Scratched— Bonnie lone 100, Caspar 109, Stan Powers 109, Amelia Fonso 101, Vlncltor 109.
£->w£v SIXTH RACE— and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
olO« " ; . •
Index. Horse.
Weight. !
%m.
«4m.
Str.
Fin.
(799) Andrisa «0 1
806 Yellow Tail 118 2
7S9 Mortgage "0! 6
... Alary's Garter 105 5
763 Winyah DO 3
... Silver Tail JOB *
... Kolena 103 > 8
... Ned Dennis wo 7
... Palapa '.105 9.
... Daniel 10? 10
781 Gusto ........113| 11
...
2 h
3 1
4 3
1 Vi
5 2
6 3
S 4
7 Vi
9
10 '
t
1 Vi Spencer
•2 2 G. Wilson
3 3 McNIchols ...
4 2i. H. Martin !
6 5 Ellis
6 1 IRutter
7 1 J. Ward
8 3 O'Brien ......
1. I. Powell
10 Jones
Gray
1 6-5
3 5-2
6 12
3 8
6 12
6. 10
50 150
100 150
12 30
15 25
30 25
•Disqualified for fouling and placed last. fPulled up.
Time— 3-16. .*-8%_ 7-16. :43H. Winner. W. B. Jennings' b. f. by Imp. St. Andrew-Fannle
Louise Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner had something up her sleeve at the end. Yellow Tail Indulged in no bumping.
Only the stand saw it. Winyah was bumped to her knees at stretch turn. Alary' Garter
belongs to Ccrrlgan and was bet on. ■-, ./ .-_ • - : ; -.;•
Scratched— Bamboulla 103.
Captain Silas W. Terry, commander of
the battleship lowa, will respond to a
toast. The distinguished visitor was in
vited to attend a banqut given by the
Union League Club of this city on the
same evening, but notified that organiza
tion that he had accepted a prior engage
ment.
Among other prominent guests who will
respond to toasts are General William
Shafter. F. F. Finlay. Hon. James D.
Phelan. James S. Webster. Professor Da
vid Starr Jordan and Richard C. O'Con
nor.
Special Instrumental and vocal music
will add further charm to the occasion.
Following are the officers of the board
of directors of the Knights of St. Pat
rick: President, John J. Barrett: first
vice president. J. J. Gildea: second vice
president. William F. Humphrey: record
ing secretary, F. S. Stanton; financial sec
retary. P. F. McCormick; corresponding
secretary, John Muller: treasurer, T. P.
Riordan: directors — Jeremiah Deasy,
(chairman). J. Walsh, John R. Tobin,
Frank T. Shea and William Cronin.
The finest clubrooms in the city are at
the Metropole, 773 Market street. Don't
forget to call in and see them. •
HO MERRIMENT,
NO JOY, AT THE
CORRIGAN TRACK
The New Ordinance a
Dampener.
JOCKEY RUTTER IN GOOD FORM
BUT TWO FAVORITES CAPTURED
PURSES.
Yellow Tail Disqualified for an Un
discernible Midian Scored.
Ed Gartland Is Presented
With a Purse.
An air of gloom that nothing could dis
pel prevailed at the Corrigan track.
Everybody seemed to think that some
thing was going to happen, and when,
after the third event had been decided,
the news spread about that the Super
visors had swung the ax. little else was
talked about. The attendance was small
and the racing cheap and commonplace.
C. H. Harrison and Andrisa were the only
successful choices.
The Riley gelding Einstein, which races
in the colors of Earnshaw Bros., was
sent to the post favorite for the opening
mile Felling run. He took the lead from
Lorena in the run home, but was in turn
passed and beaten easily by Mldian, an
S to 1 chance, ridden by Frank Rutter.
L«orena was a supposed good thing, but
could not last the route.
A mile and a furlong hurdle event fol
lowed, for which Mike Daly's mare Colo-;
nial Dame closed a slight favorite over
JazabeL The latter came to grief at the i
first obstacle, T. Murphy escaping injury.
By good handling. Glover landed Dur
ward winner over the favorite nearly a
length. Joe Cotton should have taken j
first money, but a stumble after taking:
the last jump cost him two lengths and
the race.
The Corrlgan gelding Carter H. Harri
son again found a soft spot in the third
event, a five-furlong; scramble, with a
light field of six starting. He was held at
ndds of 1 to 3 in the betting, and won by
himself. Jingle Jingie was beaten for the
place by Elsin.
The favorite Sardonic made a very pe
culiar showing in the mile and a sixteenth
Felling affair. Ed Gartland. fairly well
backed at heavy odds by Charley Quinn
and other smart ones, was allowed to cut
out his own pact- and was never headed.
Martin arrived home on the favorite a
neck before Tom Cromwell.
By clever riding Frank Rutter reached
the wire first aboard Gotobed in the next
number, also over one mile and a six
teenth. Benamela closed favorite, but
could not stay the route, and driving
hard, was downed a length by the sec
ond choice.
The favorite Andrisa led Yellow Tail
over the line in the 2-year-old scramble,
with Mortgage finishing third. McXichols.
who rode Mortgage, lodged a claim of
foul -with the judges against Wilson, the
pilot of Yellow Tail, and th*> judges
unwisely allowed it. This gave the show
money to Corrigan's well-played Alary's
Garter, and all's well that ends well, rt
was difficult to find a person who saw
the alleged fouling, but it must have oc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES
THAT ARE LASTING.
Private Wpp^ 1 Jjß Fouodcd
Treatise Iff^t T C |l' D c y ed
Disease . !\ •%»"• —^^ VrfQarge
Free at / v W^v <^f F° r Advice
Office or '^^M ' ° r Ccnsul "
Specialists for All Diseases and Weakness of Men.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "* ri "L?S£*~.
TAKE ELEVATOR* Hoori Bto ( daily. Evenlngi 7to 8. Bnnd»y§ 9to U.
curred, else the stand would not have dis
qualified Foster's colt. Many were of the
opinion that Martin, on Alary's Garter,
caused the bumping.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing: three-year-olds and upward.
810 Rapido 114; 547 Ping 113
752 Ulm 87 798 Solstice 99
793 Glengaber 89 SOI Henry C 103
804 Annowan 103
Second Race— Four furlongs; maiden two
year-olds.
799 El Arte 105: 690 Rose of Hi 10....110
793 Matt Hogan 100 ' 774 Tar Hill 103
799 Tanobe 100 ! 661 Tom Sharkey...l*>
... Sir Hampton.. ..ll3| Sls Silver Tail 110
799 Mountebank ....108 774 Sisquoc 103
... The Convert 110 815 Daniel 113
781 Florentia 110; Sls Bamboulia lvi
774 Giga 105;
Third Race— Seven furlongs; Belling; four
year-olds and upward.
71S Amelia F0n50...105' SO4 Widow J0ne5. ...103
711 Claudiana 106 1 810 Adam Andrew. .lll
810 Malnbar IDS 655 Robert Bonner..Wß
792 TruxiHo lUI SlO Einstein 103
792 Stan Powers 105 i 655 Cavallo WS
Fourth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
(SOl)McFarlar.e 109 1 (7So)Esplonage 101
SO4 Jennie Reid 93 792 Caspar lit
804 Bonnie lone 103) SOS Tom Calvert 103
802 Rey Hooker 96i 804 Gilberto 91
802 The Fretter 94 802 Don Luis 105
673 Balllster 107! 813 Sardonic 10*
Fifth Race— Five furlongs; Belling; three
year-olds and upward.
7. r ,l Ach 1071 SO2 Gold Fin 107
730 Tony Llcalzl.. . .116; 655 Paul Grlggs 123
(7S3)Mldas 123 ' 756 Flora Hawk... .114
77T Al 120 1 803 Good Hope 102
750 La Maroma 114 1
Sixth Race— One mile; handicap.
(557)Bendoran 120 803 Olinthug 99
(So3)Rubicon 112 SO3 Sam McKeever. . 96
808 Cromwell 9S j 813 Roadrunner 85
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Ulm, Solstice, Glengaber.
Second Race— Sir Hampton, Tar Hill, Tan
obe.
Third Race — Einstein, Adam Andrew, Robert
Bonner.
Fourth Race— Espionage, Sardonic, Jennie
Reid.
Fifth Race— Ach, Paul Grlggs, Flora Hawk.
Sixth Race— Sam McKeever, Cromwell, Ben
doran.
One Winning Favorite.
NEW ORLEANS, March 13. — The
weather was warm and the track was
heavy from yesterday's rain. Tabouret
was the only winning favorite. Results:
First race, six furlongs. Tabouret won.
Merry Day second, John Boons third.
Time", 1:1 ft.
Second race, selling, mile and twenty
yards, Climacus won, Vignette second. Up
Stairs third. Time, 1:50.
Third race, selling, mile and three
eighths. Admetus won. The Planter sec
ond. School Girl third. Time, 2:34.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile. Elkin
won, Double Dummy second, Aunt Mag
gie third. Time. 1:51.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs. Udah
won, Loyaletta second, Bertha Nell third.
Time. 1:20%.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs, Jesse S
won, Whirmanteline second, Chat-of-Me
third. Time. 1:19%.
GREEN AND THE MYSTERIOUS.
The Pugilists Met Last Evening and
Failed to Match as They Could
Not Agree on Weight.
George Green, Alexander Greggains,
"Billy" Smith and "Jim" Kennedy, of the
Excelsior Athletic Club, met last evening
in a saloon on Stockton street and dis
cussed matters pertaining to a fight be
tween Green and Smith.
The pugilists agreed to nearly every
proposition suggested excepting weight.
Green said that as he had gained consid
erable avoirdupois in the past year he
could not consent to a fight with Smith
at any weight under 154 pounds and that
to be positive of meeting the obligation
the scaling time should be at noon of the
day of the fight.
Smith and his manager, Greggains.
would not consent to Green's proposition
of weighing in at noon, but they said
that if Green would sign articles to weigh
154 pounds at 6 o'clock on the evening of
the fight, everything pertaining to a mill
could be easily arranged.
Green was obdurate. He would not
give way an ounce and insisted on weigh
ing at high noon, and as a consequence
the meeting ended in smoke.
NEW COURSING GROUNDS.
The Ingleside Club Will Meet This
Evening to Discuss New Grounds.
The Ingleside Coursing Club will meet
this evening to discuss plans whereby
they may continue to follow the old sport.
Some of the leading members said that ;
although a removal from Ingleside Park !
will incur some expense, they hope, never- |
theless, to have a first-class coursing field i
in the near future within easy access of
San Francisco, on the San Mateo Electric
line, which will soon have two tracks i
running between this city and the .ter- j
minus in San Mateo County.
Doubtless; the old Ocean View Park, of j
which Professor Canavan was elected di- j
rector general some years ago. and which \
for some years past has been the home
of Italian vegetable gardeners, will again
be converted into a coursing park. The
site is a good one. and when the San
Mateo Company shall have completed its
vast improvements, the pleasure resort
can be reached easily in twenty minutes'
ride from the heart of the city.
Valley Road Notes.
The Valley road officials say that the
big 5600-foot Franklin tunnel back of Mar
tinez will soon be completed. There re
mains 1300 feet to be bored, and as the
force of men has been doubled progress
from now on will be rapid. The hastening
of the work is in consonance with the de
sire of the Santa Fe Company to operate
through trains to Stockton by July 1.
when its joint traffic agreement over the
Tehachapi is expected to go into effect.
There are now SOO men at work on the
sixty-nine miles of track between Point
Richmond and Stockton, and bids have
been invited for the construction of a tug
boat and passenger ferry, with the neces
sary boilers, and these will be hurried to
completion. _
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Slitter, rooms 6-7.
Lodging-House Deal.
Mrs. Carrie Smith. SO2 Montgomery
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Graham's court yesterday for the arrest
of John Barker and John Taylor on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. March 4 she purchased the lodg
ing-house where she resides for $.t;">. in
cluding $100 for furniture, on the repre
sentation that everything was clear, but
fter taking posesslon the furniture was
elzed by a furniture dealer, as it had
een purchased on the installment plan
nd not paid for.
Federal Grand Jury.
The following-named persons were Im
paneled yesterday morning by Judge da,"
Haven as Federal grand jurors for the
March term: E. Bonnell. Thomas Brown,
8., F. Barton, A. B. Clute. C. A. Crocker,
Joseph G. Denning. H. Eppinger, H. S.
Field. E. R. Galland, J. Kahn. E. J. La
Breton. H. J. Lyons. Marcus Newfleld. J.
Reynolds. J. O. Rountree, Frank P. Sher
man. Thomas G. Taylor. Charles Watts,
Charles H. Abbott. E. L. Hueter, J. E.
Craft, H. J. Knowles.
Again Postponed.
The case of Christian Reis Jr., charged
with assault to murder, was again called
in Judg-e Mogan's court yesterday, but a3
William 8. Pardy Jr., the man he shot,
was still unable to appear in court, a fur
ther continuance was granted till March
21.
1,000,000 Sailors From One Ship.
The United States receiving ship Vermont,
now over fifty years old, has been the school
house for over 1,000,000 sailors in our navy.
The age and the accomplishments of the Ver-
mont are much the same as Hostetter"s Stom-
ach Bitters, which has been before the public
for fifty years and has cured innumerable
cases of malaria, fever and ague, besides dyt-
pepsia, constipation, indigestion, blood disor-
ders and kidney affections.
8 "Popular because they are RIGHT." M
fea *^T BICYCLES |"| .
I $40. I
H THOS. H. B. YARNEY, Market 4 40th, ||
BAN FRANCISCO.
1H Open Wednesday and Saturday {; ; |
■Q Evenings. |"3
AMUSEMENTS. ■■.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co.. Inc., Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
French and Italian, by th«
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW TORS SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballot!
' TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP. DOUBLE BILXj.
CAVALLERIA RUSTICAN
IN ITALIAN. '-•■
Mm«?s. Chalia, MattfeM, Van Cauteren, MM.
Pandolflni, Bensaude; conductor, Freld.
I'PAGLIACCI.
IN ITALIAN.
! Mme. Challa. MM. Bonnard, Bensaude, !>•
Vrie?. Del Sol: conductor, Seppllll.
March 15— "La Boheme." with Melba and
! debut of De Lussan. March 16— "Alda," debut
rof Gadski. March 17— "Carmen." De Lussan
! and Gadski. March 18— Matinee. "Barber of
; Seville," Melba. Box seats, $10. A limited
! number of general admission tickets. $2; gen-
eral admission to gallery. $1.
i REPERTOIRE FOR SECOND AND LAST
WEEK.
Monday, March 20— "Les Huguenots," Joint
appearance of Melba, De Lussan and Gadski.
March 21— Last performance of "La Boheme,"
with Melba and De Lussan. March 22— Opera
to be announced. March 23 — "Romeo and
; Juliet," first appearance in this city of Mme.
Melba as Juliet. March 24— Last evening per-
| formance; "Carmen," with De Lussan and
i Gadski. Saturday afternoon, March 25 — Last
Matinee; double bill, "Lucia," with Melba, and
"I'PagUacci." with Chalia.
Sale of seats will begin Thursday morning
at 9 o'clock.
TOLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
And the Melbourne MacDowell Company.
Sardou's Great Drama,
FEDORA.
EXTRA ! — Seats Ready THURSDAY.
BOSTONIANS.
First Time Here of the Romantic Opera,
"ROe ROY."
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
The Comedy Opera,
ThePRETTY POACHER
Brimful of Mirth and Melody.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON AT 2.—
Special Performance . }
"LILY OF KILLARNEY."
Benefit of "Youths' Directory."
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— The Ever-Popular Opera,
"THE MIKADO."
! Popular Prices 25c and 50a
'N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
7— New Strong Cards— 7
J. \m. ia/inton,
PREMIERE VENTRILOQUIST, introducing hi*
Walking, Talking, Smoking Figure*.
THE PANTZER TRIO, Contortion Dancer*.
TROUBADOUR TRIO, . ;
Parisian Character Singer*.
i THE TWINS MARCO. OLA HAYDEN. THE
3 FORTUNIS BROS.. HAYDEN AND HATH-
ERTON AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
| Last Week of the Successful Patriotic Drama,
...DEWEY...
THE HERO OF MANILA.
Received Nightly With Enthusiasm by
Crowded Houses.
FRIDAY— SPECIAL ST. PATRICK'S DAT
MATINEE.
MONDAY NEXT.
The Great Emotional Actress,
AONES HER IN DO IV,
Supported by ALBERT A. ANDRUS9,
In a Superb Production of Her Great Play,
"L-f\ BELLE MARIE."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
j PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c and 360
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
A GENUINE HIT.
TTI T\lir*H r F AND DURING
1 l/-niljn 1 ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
First Time at Alcazar
PRICES - - 15c 25c, 35c, 50c
A SOCIAL
HIGHWAYMAN!
ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next Week— York Lyceum Theater
Hit, "NERYS*." • ----c-
78
ENGLAND SUPPORTS
THE GRAB OF ITALY
+++++++++♦++♦♦+
LONDON, March 14.—
Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: The Chinese
here report that Great Britain
has seized the Miao Tao Islands,
opposite Port Arthur, in the
straits of Pechili and north of
Teng Chau Fu. in the northwest
portion of the ShangTung penin
sula.
LONDON. March 13.— Tn the House
of Commons to-day William
Pritchard Morgan, Liberal mem
ber for the Merthyr Tydvil Di
vision of Wales, who recently, in
behalf of a British and American
syndicate, obtained what appears to be
an immensely valuable concession in
the Chinese Province of Szechuan,
adjourn In order to call at
tention to the support given by the
British Minister at Peking, Sir Claude
MacDonaJd, to Italy's demand for the
(seizure of San Mun Bay. He declared
that Great Britain, the United States
and Japan needed expansion of trade,
and ii was a great mistake to support
Italy, whose claim was another step
toward the disintegration of China.
The Parliamentary Secretary of the
John Broderiek, defend-
Government's action. He said
Italy had for many years been the
friend and ally of Great Britain, and
r as Great Britain was concerned,
if. by diplomacy, Italy can persuade
China to make concessions, her Majes
ty's Government would welcome Italy's
arance in the Far East as an ally.
i "..ntinuinK. Mr. Broderiek said the
policy of her Majesty's Government
Mas to safeguard British interests, and
as long as they were not threatened,
not to stand in the way of friendly
powers taking steps to set forward
their interests. The motion to adjourn
waa negatived without a division.
Purinjr tho discussion of the naval es-
Henry Labouchere, Liberal
member for Northampton, moved a re
>n in the vote. He argued that
th • Government was "'playing- the game
of 'beggar my miprhbor' against the
whole world," and h" declared it "fool
ish swagger to boast ability to build
Bhips than any other country."
Great Britain, he asserted, was not
richer than the United States nor
Franco and Russia combined.
John Dillon, Nationalist member, in
supporting the reduction, said: "Brit
ish statesmen who attempt to induce
the United States to abandon their
traditions by embarking in a wild ca
: f naval competition with Europe I
will bitterly regret it. for the day will
comi -land will be hard driv
en to maintain naval standing with the !
United States alone. The First Lord j
of the Admiralty (Mr. Goschen) is try
ing to with six powers."
Arthur J. Balfour, the Government
leader, denied that either the First j
THREE POWERS
ADJUST TROUBLE
Samoan Affairs Have
Been Straightened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— After nu
: ;s conference-sand the exchange of
notes between Secretary Hay, the Brit
ish Emba^sador and the German Em
bassador. a satisfactory understanding
has been reached between the three
powers interested in Samoa as to the
conditions there. This seeks to open a
new account of Samoa and to obliterate
the troubles among officials which have
recently occurred there. To this end
Dr. Wilhelm Solf, who has been nom
inated by Germany as President of the
Alunicipal Council of Apia to succeed
Dr. Raflel, will be recognized by the
liritish and United States authorities.
Already this recognition is assured,
but it remains for the Consuls at Apia
to carry it Into formal effect, in ac
cordance with the letter of the treaty of
Berlin. In order that this may pave the
way to an agreeable and harmonious
adjustment, Dr. SoW will go to London
and make himself acquainted with the
authorities there and afterward come
to Washington and become acquainted
■with our officials, so that there may be
mutual understandings. Dr. Solf will
reach Washington the latter part of
this month and will be presented by
Dr. vcm Holleben, the German Embas
gador. He will then proceed to Samoa,
reaching there in May. His assump
toin of the Municipal Presidency with
the approval of the three powers is ex
pected to smooth c-ut matters among
the officials and go a long way with
adjusting the entire matter.
In reaching this conclusion the of
ficials .of the three powers have decided
not to'attempt a settlement of the Sa
irioa kingship for the present. That is
left open for adjustment when each of
the three powers have had an opportu
nity to present full Information, in the
meantime the statu quo is to be main
tained. The last advices indicated that
Mataafa was exercising de facto king
ship, while Malietoa was on board the
British ship Porpoise and has the sup
port of the British and American Con
suls. According to the understanding
reached there will be no move to per
manently establish one or the other of
these claimants on the throne. The best
wishes of the Samoan people will be
consulted, and with a more agreeable
feeling among the officials of the three
powers the kingship will be settled by
a full conference as soon as all informa
tion on the subject is obtained.
The consequences leading up to the
present understanding developed that
Dr. Kaffel was recalled from his post at
Samoa last November, but he persisted
in staying after his recall, and his pres
ence appears to have had much to do
With precipitating the trouble.
Dr. Solf Is described as an accom
plished diplomat, with service in Cal
cutta and more recently as District
Judge of the German colony at Dar-a-
Saam, in South Africa. It is a post
much similar to that of Judge Cham
ii Samoa.
ASSEMBLY FRANCHISE
BILL FINDS FAVOR
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— The follow
ing resolution was adopted by the City
Council to-day, having been introduced
liy Councilman Toll:
■ Whereas The present condition of the
statute regulating the granting of franchises
by municipalities makes further legislation Im
perative; and, whereas, there Is now before the
State Senate a bill regulating the granting of
tram.oa.tß. iuipwu w &nemi>ly. ftiH W. which
CHINA GETS
FOUR DAYS
TO CONSIDER
Italian Ultimatum Denied,
but It Seems to Have
Been Sent.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISO 9, by James Gor
don Bennett*.
ti PEKING, March 13.— 1 am in 88
?8 a position to confirm the news 88
*. published in the Herald in re- 83
*. Kard to the negotiations be- 82
?• tween Italy and China relating 8*
88 to the lease of San Mun Bay. 8*
88 Italy, through Minister Matino, 88
88 invited the Tsung Li Yamen to 88
88 give a decision on the matter 88
*3 and requested an answer to her 88
88 demands within four days. 88
88 It is understood the Chinese 88
°o Government strenuously resists 88
88 the demand in spite of the ad- 88
% vice of the British Minister at 88
88 Peking to the contrary. 88
88 There is no opposition to the 88
% attitude of Italy on the part of fi
88 either the Russian or French 88
\ Ministers at Peking. 88
BRITAIN GUARDS
ITALY'S INTERESTS
88 ROME. March 13.— The Trib
-88 une asserts that Italy has not
88 delivered an ultimatum to China.
88 On the contrary, the Italian
88 Government has disavowed the
88 action of Signor Martino regard
?* ing the San Mun Bay affafir and
8« has recalled him, confiding
go Italy's interests to the British
88 Minister at Peking until the
c* successor of Martino arrives
% there.
\ \ \ •• \ \ •. \ \ •. \ \ \ •; •; r.
Lord of the Admiralty or the Govern
ment had any such insane idea. The
First Lord of the Admiralty, he de
clared, deliberately based his policy
upon the accepted principle that Great
Britain's navy should be equal to that
of any other power.
The House rejected the proposition
for the reduction in the budget.
In many ways is an improvement unon the
present law, and while it does not answer all
purposes required, and has some features which
are objectionable, yet in view of the necessity
for further legislation and the fact that the
bill grants much of needed relief, and also in
view of thf fact that any attempt to improve
the same at this time would probably prevent
Its paimagf. now. therefore, be It
Resolved, By the Council of the city of Los
Angeles tnat it is the sense and desire of this
body that member* of the legislature from
Los Angeles County use every effort to secure
the final passage of the above bill, and that
the Clerk of the Council be instructed a»il .iu
thurized to telegraph a copy of this resolution
to the members of the Senate frum Los Ange
les County.
THE REICHSTAG MAY
NOW BE DISSOLVED
BERLIN, March 13.— The opinions ex
pressed in Reichstag circles that the con
flict arising from the differences exist
ing between the Government and the
budget committee regarding the military
bill are more serious than at first
thought. The Emperor insists upon the
full amount asked for.
The Imperial Chancellor, Prince Ho
henlohe, conferred confidentially this af
ternoon with Dr. Lieber, the Centrist
leader, lurging that the Center should
yield. Dr. Lieber replied that this was
impossible, as it would destroy the Cen
ter's influence with the electors.
A number of the leading members of the
Reichstag of all parties to-night are of
the opinion that the Reichstag to-morrow
will vote the budget committee's report
by about 200 against IGS, and they believe
a dissolution will follow. The Center,
however, does not believe there will be a
dissolution, but thinks it is a mere "bluff"
on the part of the Government.
The plans of Cecil Rhodes, the British
South African magnate, who is in this
city with a view of pressing on the
German Government the advisability of
building the Cape Town Railroad, which
will pass through a portion of German
African territory, will be submitted to
colonial experts, on whose report the Gov
ernment will act.
MR. M'KINLEY TAKES
A TWO WEEKS' LEAVE
WASHINGTON, March 13.— President
and Mrs. McKinley and a party of friends
left the city at 6:40 o'clock to-night for a
vacation of two weeks at Thomasville,
Ga., where the train is scheduled to ar
rive at 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
The President occupied the magnificent
private Pullman observation car lolan
the, at the rear of the special train, the
remainder of which was made up of a
compartment car, a sleeper, a dining car
and a combination smoking and baggage
car.
Ten minutes before train time the Pres
ident and Mrs. McKinley reached the sta
tion, where a number of people had as
sembled, and went aboard the train and
greeted those who accompanied them on
the trip. These Included the Vice Presi
dent and Mrs. Hobart. and Master Ho
bart. Senator and Mrs. Hanna, Miss Hap
na and Miss Phelps, Dr. J. M. Rizey,
Mr. George B. Cortelyou, assistant secre
tary to the President, and Mr. Barnes,
one of the clerks. Secretary Algor, Post
master General Smith, secretary to tho
President Porter, General Corbin and
others were at the station to bid the par
ty farewell. _
FITNERAL OF FRANK PECK.
MARYSVILLE. March 13.— The funeral
of Frank G. Peck, the bicyclist, who lost
his life in the woolen mill fire on Friday
night, took place to-day. The services
were conducted at Yuba City by Rev. \Y.
H. Stoy of the Episcopal church. The
sacred edifice could not hold half the
throng that sought to attend the obse
quies.. The Bay City Wheelmen sent a
handsome floral piece in the shape of a
maltese cross, and the Capital City
Wheelmen and bicyclists of Gridley,
Biggs, Chico and other places sent dele
gations. The pall bearers were Charles
Hampton, George Phillips, Eugene Boyd,
K. Moncur. Albert Kline and Harold
Bingham. The class of '98 of the Marys
ville high school, of which the deceased
was a member, sent a life-size photo
graph of Peck framed in smilax and vio
| lets.
Guests at Del Monte.
DEL MONTE, March 13.— A special
train of Fix coaches and an observation
car arrived here last night, bringing Cor
nelius Vanderbilt Jr. and party from
Southern California for a three weeks'
stay at Hotel del Monte. The party is
composed of Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Van
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899, .
NEW YORK, March 13.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Washington
Is awaiting with some anxiety the
reply which China will make to
the Italian demand for the release of
San Mun Bay.
I was informed at the State Depart
ment this afternoon that the depart
ment's information confirms trie dis
patches (ff the submission of the re
quest by Italy for the lease of San Mun;
of the refusal of the request by the
Chinese Government; of the withdraw
al of the request by the Italian Minister
and the substitution for it of a demand
practically in the nature of an ulti
matum. The time limit in which the
reply must be made does not expire be
fore Wednesday, and the authorities do
not doubt that China is endeavoring
to obtain support from European pow
ers with a view to the rejection of the
demand.
Information which I obtained from
an authentic source would seem to show
that Italy proposes to establish a large
trade with China, and incidentally indi
cates the nation from which she is re
ceiving support. About a year ago an
attache of the Italian legation in Pe
king, who associated himself with
prominent Englishmen, applied to the
Governor of the province of Kiangsi for
a concession under which he would get
possession of all mining privileges in
that province. The Governor gave the
concession, but such a storm of indig
nation was aroused in the province by
his action that the matter came to the
attention of the imperial government,
and it was urged to disapprove the
Governor's action by people who united
in a petition to the Emperor.
The Tsung Li Yamen endeavored to
revoke the concession, but such pres
sure was brought to bear by the Italian
and British Ministers that it was forced
to approve it with a few slight modifi
cations, which did not affect its value.
The province abounds in iron and coal
fields, and the concession is extremely
valuable.
An Italian-English syndicate has
been organized to work the concession.
Kiangsi province is adjacent to the
province of Chekiang, in which San
Mun is located. It is proposed by the
Italian Government to obtain a sphere
of influence around San Mun, through
which it will be able to run a railroad
connecting the port with the province
of Kiangsi.
It is apparent to officials, therefore,
that Great Britain is interested in hav
ing the Italian demand granted. Some
of the English members of the syndi
cate are understood to be members of
the House of Lords and of the House
of Commons, and they have doubtless
exerted their influence upon the Salis
bury government in behalf of Italy. It
has developed that Russia and Japan
have never supported Italy in any way,
the Tokio Government having been, on
the other hand, opposed to it, while
Russia has remained passive. "What
course Russia will now pursue in view
of the efforts of Italy to obtain a lease
will naturally have an important effect
upon China's policy.
derbilt Jr., Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Webb,
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Vanderbilt, Mr. and
Mrs. George Bird, Mr. and Mrs. "W. B.
Thomsen, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Pardy, all
of New York City, and Mr. and Mrs. J.
Lawrence of Groton, Mass.
ALVISO APPROPRIATION
CAUSES REJOICING
SAN JOSE, March 13.— A Jollification
meeting was held at Hale's Hall this
evening to celebrate the securing of a
$48,000 appropriation by Congress for the
improving of Alviso Channel. There was
a fair attendance. Vice President C. M.
Hatcher of the Board of Trade presided.
Addresses were delivered by District At
torney J. H. Campbell, D. W. Burchard,
Robert Summers, A. T. Herrman and
others.
The improvement of Alviso, the speak
ers declared, meant much for San Jose
and Santa Clara County. This waterway
had already been the means of reducing
freight rates, and the deepening and
widening of it would prove more benefi
cial. The completion of Santa Margarita
Gap was referred to. With this done, Al
viso Improved, and the coming of the
Santa Pie, a new era was predicted for
this section.
Resolutions thanking Senators White
and Perkins for working for the Alviso
improvement were unanimously adopted.
The chair was empowered to appoint a
committee of five to see there 1b no un
necessary delay.
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC
NOW UNDER CONTROL
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— The follow
ing official statement in regard to the
smallpox situation in Los Angeles was Is
sued to-day by the Board of Health:
Grossly exaggerated reports have recently
been published to the effect that smallpox has
become dangerously prevalent in Los Angeles,
while the facts are to the contrary. Since the
appearance of the disease, in September last,
there have been altogether eeventy-six cases,
the greater number occurring in the latter part
of January and the first part of February.
At the present time there are fourteen cases,
eight of them In the hospital and six under
quarantine in private residences. In addition
there are thirty-three persons under quarantine
as convalescents, most of whom are now well
and will soon be discharged. The precautions
taken l>y the Board of Health to prevent the
spread of the disease have proved most success
ful, and the number of new cases each week Is
now lees than the number of those discharged.
There is no reason to apprehend that small
pox will become epidemic in Los Angeles, and
there Is no occasion for alarm among residents
or visitors to the city. FRED EATON,
Mayor of Los Angreles and President of the
Board of Health.
L. M. POWERS, M. D., City Health Of fifteen
REPAIRS FOR THE IOWA.
Battleship to Be Overhauled at the
Union Iron Works.
VALLEJO, March 13.— An official tele
gram was received at Mare Island yester
day ordering tha casting for the lowa's
cylinder, which was sent direct to the
navy yard several weeks ago, to be
shipped to the Union Iron Works with
out delay. The big battleship will under
go repairs there. The unwelcome news
came direct from Secretary Long.
PLOTTED TO KILL
THE PRESIDENT
& MONTREAL, Quebec, March 13.— 8y request of the Secretary of &
& State of the United States, Henry Muller, a middle aged German, £
8 -was arrested to-day, charged with plotting to kill McKinley. Vice 8
8 Consul Gorman, acting upon advices from Washington, put the &
$ matter in the hands of the police this afternoon, and the arrest 8
& was made immediately. t ,"■ &
8 Muller is a well educated German and able to converse ration- #
& ally on all subjects, except his hatred of the United States Govern- &
8 ment. He served through the Civil War, and was shot in the head, 8
if. since which time he has been subject to epileptic attacks. Recent- #
& ly he underwent treatment at two local hospitals. £
$ Muller recently wrote President Angell of the University of &
&> Michigan, detailing a plan he had formulated to kill McKinley. Mr. O
& Anerell at once forwarded the letter to the State Department. Muller &
'& is drawing a pension of $24 a month for his disability. XI
a • ! ' - . ' ' a
fW> r*S n" •*" W ri" fI(S n\ rt^ /irf rtF^ rtn t& rt^ /¥\ nf\ riS nfi ft\ Jv* ?1^ "" "^ rf^ 'WN nrt />\ 7^
HITS A REEF ON
MEDWAY ISLAND
The Steamer Dirlgo a
Wreck.
STRIKES DURING A STORM
BLINDING SNOW OBSCURES HER
COUESE.
The Crew and Forty Alaska-Bound
Passengers Picked Up
by the Cottage
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 13.— News
was brought by the steamer Cottage
! City, which arrived this evening from
Alaskan ports, that the steamer Dirlgo,
Captain George Roberts, owned by the
Washington and Alaska Steamship
Company, has been wrecked. She ran
onto a reef on Medway Island, which
lies in Stevenson Channel, Clarence
Straits, and about forty miles below
Juneau, during a blinding snowstorm
on the night of Thursday last. Captain
Roberts and the pilot were both on the
bridge. They were unable to see the
length of their arms in front of them
owing to the thickly falling snow. The
captain was, as is the custom of the
Alaska steamboatmen in such cases,
tooting his whistle and listening for
the echoes to shape his course.
The steamer was proceeding cau
tiously along, feeling her way under a
slow bell, when there came a crash
which caused the two mariners to stag
ger and awakened the sleeping passen
gers. After the first crash the steamer
slewed around and then struck heavily
on the reef with her beam, throwing
some of the half-awakened passengers
from their berths. Two other blows
sounded In quick succession, and then
the steamer remained hard and fast in
a cradle of rocks as if she was in a
vise.
The passengers — there were about
forty northbound men on board —
crowded to the deck, and great excite
ment prevailed, for none knew but that
the wrecked vessel would founder
within a few minutes. Some of the
more terror-stricken men rushed to the
boats, and would have cut them away
but for the firm stand taken by the
officers of the steamer. They quieted
the excited passengers, and, with the
assurance that there was no immediate
danger, got them to stand by the ship
until morning.
When morning came the snow con
tinued to fall, but the wrecked pilgrims
were able to see land looming out
through it at no great distance. The
majority of them then took to the boats
and landed on Medway Island. They
took some supplies aboard and with
tarpaulin covers for tents they camped
there for forty-eight hours. Then re
lief came. The Cottage City's lights
■were seen on Saturday night, and
those who still remained with the
wreck — tfie captain, his crew and some
of the passengers who had refused to
leave the steamer — blew again and
again shrill distress signals. The Cot
tage City was not slow in responding,
and soon the contingent camped on the
island and all those who wished to
leave the steamer were on board and
bound south to Wrangel.
The purser and a few of the crew re
mained with the wreck and Captain
Roberts and the passengers took pass
age to Wrangel by the Cottage City.
Captain Roberts Is a very sick man, he
having succumbed to the grip soon
after his vessel was wrecked. He is
being attended at Wrangel.
It is thought by tho officers of the
Cottage City that the Dirigo will prove
a total wreck. She is badly torn and !
fast in a cradle of rocks.
Captain Roberts of the Dirigo was
formerly master and part owner of the
City of Seattle. He was on the Willapa
when she was wrecked in northern
waters.
No lives were lost, nor, as far as could
be learned, was any one injured in the
Dirigo disaster.
NORWEGIANS SNOWBALL
CROWN PRINCE GUSTAF
CHRISTIANA, Norway, March 13.—
There was a popular demonstration here
last evening against Crown Prince Gus
taf, Duke of Worland, who was recently
appointed regent on account of the ill
ness of his father. King Oscar 11. The
Prince was returning from the military
club when he met a crowd of people, who
hooted him, hissod him and pelted him
with snowballs. The crowd was dispersed
by the police and several arrests were
made. The Norwegian papers condemn
the demonstration.
TAKES HAWAIIAN LAND.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— After ma
ture consideration of the subject the War
Department has decided to take advan
tage of the provision of the act by which
Hawaii was annexed to the United States,
transferring' the public lands to the gen
eral Government, to acquire such tracts
in the islands as may be necessary for
military purposes. To this end an of
ficer will be send to Honolulu and will
begin the work by taking possession in
the name of the "War Department of a
considerable tract near the capital. The
Navy Department has bf-on forehanded in
this particular, having- through the work
ing of Commander Hanna possessed itself
of some fine water front property within
a short time after the annexation resolu
tion was adopted.
STRUCK BY A TRAIN.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 13.— Mrs.
Charles Green was run over and instantly
killed this afternoon by the Redlands
local Santa Fe train. Mrs. Green, in com
pany with her son and her mother, Mrs.
Alva Warren, were attempting to cross
the track in a carriage when the train
crashed into the vehicle. Mrs. Green was
killed and Mrs. Warren and young Green
were seriously Injured.
TO BE LIBRARIAN
OF CONGRESS
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The
President has appointed Herbert Put
nam of Boston to be librarian of Con
gress.
BOSTON, March 13.— Herbert Put
nam was born in New York city in 1861.
He is the son of George H. Putnam,
founder of the publishing house of
George Putnam & Sons. Mr. Putnam
w#s graduated from Harvard in 1883
and attended the Columbia law school
for one year thereafter. In the fall of
1884 he went to Minneapolis and a year
later entered the Minnesota bar.
In 1884, however, he took the librar
ianship in the Minneapolis Athenaeum.
He organized the Minneapolis Public
Library, a free city institution, with a
circulating department, branches and
delivery stations. The old Athenaeum
came into the new library, making its
booka free to the public, the city pay
ing the expenses of administering them.
The aggregate income of the joint
libraries has been from $50,000 to $75,000
per annum.
During the construction of the build
ing Mr. Putnam was engaged in the
purchase of books, going abroad for the
purpose, and at the end of the first
seven years of his administration he
.had added some 50,000 volumes to the
12,000 originally possessed by the Athe
naeum.
In December, 1891, Mr. Putnam, for
personal reasons, resigned his position
and'came to Boston, where he practiced
law. In February, 1895, he was chosen
APPOINTS UNION
BANK DIRECTORS
Judge Lorigan Names a
Full Board.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 12.— The first step
toward straightening the financial en
tanglement surrounding the failure of j
the Union Savings Bank was taken this
morning by Judge Lorigan in the ap
pointment of a new board of directors.
Cyrus Jones, Amasa Eaton, James W.
Rea, Louis Callisch, Peter H. Stock,
Dr. William Simpson and George T.
Dunlop were named as directors to
close the bank's business and try to
pay the depositors dollar for dollar, j
The Wrights, whose mismanagement
brought on the failure, were ignored, j
and in this respect the wish of the de- |
positors was carried out.
The new board contains four of the j
men recommended for directors by the
Stockholders and who tendered their
resignations to the court a few days ;
ago. President W. H. Wright, C. P.
Breslan and Nicholas Bowden were not
reappointed. There were strong objec
tions to Wright and Breslan, but none
to Bowden, but the fact that Bowden i
was a lawyer worked against him.
Ureslan was elected a director after the
failure and refused to resign when the
others did. Breslan has decided to
fight to retain his seat, and as he rep
resents large San Francisco holdings
in the bank the case will be stubbornly
contested in the courts.
Judge Lorigan said he had purposely
omitted naming any of the old direct
ors, who were in a way responsible for
the failure, and likewise would name
none who were interested in any per
sonal way in the securities of the bank, i
He named George T. Dunlop of Gilroy
as a representative of the stockholders
of that section. Dunlop was not a
stockholder, but he would qualify at
once.
The Howard creditors met this after
noon and elected C. H. Bills, the fruit
shipper, as trustee of the bankrupt's
estate. Persons representing claims ag
gregating $450,000 were present. Of this
amount $305,656 was represented by the
Union Savings Bank. Over $5525,000 oj
this sum will be protested, as Howard
claims the bank wiped out this much
of the indebtedness eighteen months
ago rather than have him fail at that
time. Bills' bond was placed at $50,000.
It is expected Howard will be ex
amined in a few days, as the officials
of the bank have intimated he is hiding
some of the assets.
It is now given out that Frank V.
Wright, a brother of the banker's, must
resign soon from the secretaryship of
the San Jose Building and Loan Asso
ciation or be ousted. At the annual elec
tion held a few days after the bank
failure he was re-elected secretary, the
office of assistant secretary created,
and A. K. Whitton given the place.
Wright was elected for three months
only. He agreed to serve without pay
and at the end of that time resign.
This was an easy way of letting him
out There was nothing wrong with
him as secretary, but a man like Whit
ton was needed to strengthen and re
store confidence in the association after
the failure of the bank.
The bank directors met this afternoon
and elected James W. Rea president
and Peter H. Stock vice president. Paul
P Austin was elected manager and
Edward Rea and Jackson Hatch attor
neys The attorneys will receive $250
a month between them. No salary has
been fixed for the manager. Directors
Callisch, Eaton and Jones were not
present and they admit Rea outwitted
them and secured all the fat positions
for his friends. Some of the stockhold
ers are not satisfied with the election
of officers, but they have no alternative.
President Rea said this evening he
was going to investigate the bank af
fairs thoroughly and if the to»uiut»u]
had been looted he intended to land the
thieves in San Quentln. The closing up
of the business would be conducted
economically and the directors and of
ficers would receive no pay. He wanted
to know if he and his father had been
robbed and if so who did it. "they
had been robbed the thieves would be
punished.
Charles P. Braslan says that to-mor
row he will file in the Supreme Court
of California a petition for a writ o-f
certiorari to revise the action of Judge
Lorigan in appointing the new board of
directors. _______________
SANTA ANA CHOSEN.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— 1t was an
nounced that the annual meeting of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union of
Southern California will be held at Santa
Ana. Orange County, from May 9 to 12
inclusive. National President Mrs. Lil
lias N. N. Stevens and National Vice
President Miss Anna Gordon will be at
the convention and deliver addresses.
Willie Wilde Is Dead.
LONDON, March 13.— "Willie" Wilde, a
brother of Oscar Wilde, is dead.
Befused to Prosecute.
The case of Jacob R. Radowsky, charged
with obtaining $200 from Bier & Rosen
berg 1 , money brokers, on forged warrants
from the Street Department, was.dis
missed by Judge Mogan yesterday at the
request of the prosecution, as the money
had been repaid.
HERBERT PUTNAM.
librarian of the Boston Public Library,
in which position his previous reputa
tion has not suffered.
RUM'S ENEMIES
IN BATTLE LINE
Besiege the Los Angeles
Council.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— The
rhurch people are up in arms against
I the proposed repeal of the existing or
: dinance and the substitution of one
! that will give greater liberty to retail
I liquor dealers. The Council to-day
listened to the reading of a number of
protests against the proposed change.
One document bore the names of 1500
persons; others were from preachers
; alone and others represented the con
i gregations of various churches. The
| protests usually set forth that,
, "Whereas, The Mayor of our fair city
. has expressed himself in favor of per
! mittlng Sunday saloon traffic by the
' payment of additional license, we re
! spectfully enter this, our remon
i strance."
Rev. Burt Estes Howard, pastor of
I the Church of the Covenant, makes
i some variation by presenting a docu
| ment, original with himself, express
; ing the sentiment of his congregation,
i though no other names are appended.
! This memorial declares open saloons
: are favorable to crime, and prays that
! the Council pass an ordinance that will
i not only close saloons at midnight and
; all day -Sunday, but will close side and
i rear doors, remove private boxes and
compel drugstores and soda fountain
men to cease the retail sale of liquor.
Other protests were from the First
Baptist Church, the University Church,
the Second United Presbyterian, the
United Presbyterian, Bethesda Pres
j byterian, Knox Presbyterian and the
] American Baptist. One signed by
I twenty-one Presbyterian ministers
* came from the Women's Christian
Temperance Union through President
Ada R. Hand and Secretary Mary C.
Tampson. The protest of Haven M. E.
Church bore the names of sixty-four
members.
When the protests had all been read
President Silver announced tnat the
matter was in the hands of the Finance
Committee, and nothing would be done
at this time. A public hearing will be
given next Monday, when all sides will
have an opportunity to be heard.
COMPROMISE EFFECTED.
Raisin Packers and Raisin Growers
Settle Their Differences.
FRESNO, Cal., March 13.— The long
standing differences between the com
mercial packers and the California Raisin
Growers' Association will be settled to
morrow by the signing of a compact be
tween the packers and the association by
the terms of which the former are to
handle the raisin crop at a profit of one
quarter of a cent a pound. This marks
the failure of the scheme projected by
President Kearney, of the association, to
exterminate the packers. The success of
the Raisin Growers' Association is now
assured.
KILLED BY AN ELECTRIC CAR
Aged Resident of South Pasadena
Loses His Life.
PASADENA, March 13.— G. W. Bar
nard, an aged resident of South Pasa
dena, was struck by the express car on
the electric line about noon to-day and
received such severe injuries that he died
shortly after being removed to the Pasa
dena Hospital. Mr. Barnard, who was 75
years of age and very deaf, did not hear
the repeated ringing of the bell as the
car came around a corner at the South
Pasadena station. He stepped directly in
front of the car, which could not be stop
ped In time to save him.
RTTDYABD KIPLING'S PLANS.
The Author Will Beturn to England
Shortly.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Though Mr.
Kipling has made no definite plans for
the Immediate future, an Intimate friend
said this morning his visit to this coun
try probably would be a short one. As
soon as he is strong enough he wiil go
to Brattleboro, Vt., for a few weeks. In
all probability he will return to England
this spring. He will not go to Mexico.
Shooting Affray Near Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 13.— Trouble over
stock ripened a neighborhood quarrel
into a shooting scrape this afternoon near
Aeampo which may possibly result in
three arrests. The quarrel was be
twfen Lorin L. Knight and Robert and
Jasper Bandy. The Bandys' horses were
troubling Knight. He drove them off and
the Bandy boys drove them back Then
came the shooting. There is a dispute as
to which fired first. A warrant is out for
Knight, but he has not been arrested al
though he telephoned that he was com
ing to Stockton to get out a warrant for
the other two.
CASTILLIAN A TOTAL LOSS.
No Hope of Saving the Magnificent
Steamer.
YARMOUTH. N. S., March 14.-The
magnificent Allan Line steamer Castlllian,
ashore on Gannet Rock Ledge, will as
suredly be a total loss, and the chance
of saving the cargo is now regarded as
slim.
Captain Barrett and the first and second
officers still remain on her. All the rest
of the officers and crew are now in Yar
*v. Thfl steamers which came up
St The w"th"" "as"fe rowrh to-day that
only with the greatest *}&£*}% it a h nd $ l Q
being so far out of her course.
Indians at a Potlatch.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 13.-The
steamer Wlllapa brings news that a^big
potlatch is now going on at Fort Rupert,
where nearly 1200 Indians are said to be
sr.ri^to apis s c?nai! Si
Colonel Picquart's Trial.
PARIS, March 13.-Colonel Picquart. in
accordance with the decision of the crim
inal section of the Court of Cassation, has
the Cherche Midi Prison to the civil
prison at La Santo.
ADVEBTISEMENIS^
OuTnEW ESTABLISHMENT
The above engraving shows the new factory
and salesrooms in San Francisco of Dr. Pierce*
Celebrated Electric Belts and Trusses.
We occupy the entire second and third floors
of this building, which is located at «2O Mar-
ket street, directly opposite the Palace Hotel,
and turn out more Belts and Trusses than any
similar firm in the United States.
Having Belts as low as !*.'i.sO each, almost
any one can afford to purchase, while for from
JfllO to $25 we furnish the very best Electric
Belt made, which we guarantee to be superior
to any Belt sold elsewhere at double the price.
For RUPTURE we manufacture an Electrio
Truss, which has cured thousands of cases.
Call at the above address and examine the
goods, or send 2c in stamps for Booklet on
Belts and Trusses, as may be required.
All callers receive respectful attention. There
are no quack doctors connected with this es-
tablishment. .
IV At Auction!
j J Jr\ L Jr\ UL»Li v_/ 11 >
.'• THIS DAY,
TUESDAY ..:. .....MARCH 14, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK, NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street,
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
West side (1914) Howard st. and east side
(17 an.l 19) Capp st. : 32x245; 168 feet south
of Fifteenth; large house, 10 rooms and bath,
on Howard st. and 2 flats on Capp st. ; also
stable and baker's oven.
GUERRERO-STREET RESIDENCE.
Southeast (1401) correr of Guerrero and
Twenty-sixth sts.; 26:6x59:10; largj house of
8 rooms; brick foundation.
MOSS-STREET FLATS.
East side (33, 33H and 35) Moss st.: 105 feet
north of Folsom; 50x75; 6 good flats of 6 and 4
rooms; Al condition; rent $63; near new Post-
office.
PERRY-STREET INVESTMENT.
Socth side (119-121) Perry st.; 196:3 west of
Third st.; 2S:9x?O: 2 houses of 4 tenements;
good condition: always rented; rent $38.
MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner of San Bruno aye. and
Twenty-fifth St.; 25x100: large store with •
rooms and flat above, 4 rooms; stable.
RARE INVESTMENT SHIPLEY ST.
Southeast side (19) Shipley st. ; 422:6 feet
northeast of Fourth st. 20x69; large house; ar-
ranged to accommodate 3 tenements; "Al con-
dition; rents $40.
MISSION COTTAGE.
North side (336) Duncan st.; 127 feet east of
Sanchez: 23:6x114; nice cottage of 4 rooms in
choice neighborhood.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
Northeast corner of Ashbury and Eighteenth
sts.; 25x90, 25x90 and 25x100; 3 elegant resi-
dence lots; marine and inland view; ready for
building.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
West side Seventeenth aye. ; 225 feet north of
D St.; 25x120; good building lot.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneers.
638 Market at.
A Single Spark Left
Is the means of re-kindling a fire. So long as
there Is life there Is hope. Nothing seems half
as bad as NERVOUS DEBILITY, whether
caused by mental strain, over-work, over-worry
or in any form or function by
LIVING TOO FAST. ■
The terrible train of symptoms are only too well
known: flushes and chills, tired brain and back,
. •our temper, insomnia, languor, stomach ana
bowel trouble, failing strength, etc., sometimes
ending in mania or paralysis, and even in these
conditions there is certain recovery if the nerve-
•park be re-kindled, toned and invigorated.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
Tone up the system, give prompt relief to Insom-
nia and falling memory, repair the waste and
drain of vital powers Incurred by indiscretion or
excesses, bring back vigor and potency to every
function, ward off insanity and consumption.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 82.60, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure, or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. lit.
Bold by Owl Drug Co., 8. F. and Oakland.
I suffered terribly JJ^Ei**^^
from roaring in my /fo&CMiviv\
head during an attack S £&£fa oJsoCOlvl
of catarrh, and became 3^ c °<*&. JuSJ
very deaf, used Ely's C^ rf WW )jjfej
Cream Balm and in y* &$£
three weeks could hear i ( - r /' t »*J
as well as ever. — A. jLs*«dJs>*\
E. Newman, Graling,
Mich./ fcMJaawJi
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief la
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
— does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
I at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c, by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
.
P DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
TmT lifl Five hundred reward tor any
| case we cannot cure. This secret
[^^^ remedy stops all losses 'in 24
891 hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
ffllll tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
UU Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
nBSJH I Manhood and all wasting effects
■■^^^^^^ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
Cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for
sale at 1073^ Market st., S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
exeat Mexican remedy; elves health and
1 (Treat Mexican remedy; gives health and
»tx»a«io. to »«*ujU crgau. X>epot, 223 Mark***SNOW AND HIS
TICKET WINS
Republicans Make a Clean
Sweep in the Oakland
Municipal Election.
LARGE MAJORITIES EVERYWHERE
A Heavy Vote Polled by Citizens Who
Are Determined to Place the City
In Competent Hands.
OAKLAXD. March 13.
Mayor — R. W. Snow (R.>.
City Attorney — \V. \. Dow <R.).
City Enßinccr — H. M. Clement.
Auditor A. H. Ilreed (R.).
Treasnrer — SB. T. Gilptn (It.).
Connoilnien nt I.nrue — li. C. Cnvcl
lier (R.), Anton Mnrsttnv (R.l. G. R.
Etetiion and H. 11. "Welch or C.
Krnmin.
First Wnrd — 1\ Mott m.>.
Second Ward — 1-\ It. Girard (R.).
Third Ward — M. \V. I'pton (TO,).
R, W, SNOW, Mayor-Elect of Oakland.
Fonrth "Ward— Edwin Meese (Mu
nicipal League).
Fifth Ward — Felton Taylor (R.).
Sixth Ward — L. Schaeffer (Ind.).
:' Seventh AVnrd — H. D. Howe (R.).
V School Director!* at I.arjje — J. W.
■j:vans (R.), C. L. Ingler <R.), Mm. Dr.
Knox or H. A. Powell (R.), W. F. B. |
.WaUefield (R.).
First Ward — C. H. Redtneton.
' . ,; Second Ward — M. Price.
)''• Third Ward G. E. Randolph.
"•;: Fourth Ward G. H. Gray.
■•"."". Fifth Ward — David Rutherford. j
\Y Sixth Ward Henry Menses.
■■•( \ Seventh Ward — W. J. AVllcox.
: Library Trustees — W. D. Amies, !
M'» Laidlaw, C. A. Jackson, H. H. Pen
' d let on and J. G. Hoyt.
.*-"' Fifty-four precincts complete out j
■ *>f sixty-one Rive the following?
11 NT ares:
First Ward —
»avle 435 |
GRAPE-NUTS.
£ In a flurry? {
o g
• Stir Some §
I Grape=NutsB
o ©
\ M In some Milk or Cream £
£ and a delicious #
£ Meal •
© Is ready* ©
§©
No cooking required. ® !
OC«0OO©©O©©8OeGOaOQ0O©
READY COOKED FOOD.
A Great Convenience for House-
keepers.
Two young ladies in a certain city
are employed down town and rent a
small' fiat, where they do light house-
keeping. Frequently they are invited
out evenings, and the subject of the
evening meal is a puzzler.
Of late they have solved the prob-
lem' by keeping some nice rich milk
or cream in the ice box and a package
of dry crisp Grape Nuts near by.
In thirty seconds the meal is ready
end it is a most fascinating meal, too,
for the creamy taste blends with the
peculiar delicate sweet of the .grape-
sugar in the Grape-Nuts, producing a
never-to-be-forgotten flavor. The sus-
taining power of the food is sufficient
to. keep one well nourished even when
a email amount is used.
Snow 485 !
IJow 888
Garrlty 574
Clement 55S
Miller 3S-* |
Second 'Ward —
l)«vle 823
Snow 1233
Dow 1174
Garrlty WSB 3
Clement ' -~ ,
Miller 10S0 ,
Third "Ward —
Dnvic • 301 j
Snow C 67 i i
Dow 623 ;
Garrity 378
Clement 430
Miller 503 !
Fourth "Ward
Davle .'.._. BSO i
Snow • 732
Dow «47 !
Garrlty 72S \
Clement 750 i
Miller 508 i
Fifth AVitrd —
Dnvle 270 j
; Snow 464
Dow 434
i Garrity 328 j
: Clement 337 j
Miller 418
Sixth Ward—
i Davle «02
: Snow 605 i
: Dow 330
I Garrlty 81 1
1 Clement 780
Miller 348
Seventh Ward—
Davle 347
Snow 700
Dow i 070
Gnrrlty 400
'lenient 402
Miller COO
Total
Davle 3358
Snow 4750
Dow 4278
Garrity 4183
Clement 4208
Miller 4057
The latent return* Rive It- M.
Clement a lead of 151 over Miller.
OAKLAND, March 13.— next city
government of Oakland will be solidly
Republican.
The election held to-day showed that
the Republican majority is more unified
than ever and is even stronger than in
the fall of 1906, when It saved California
to the McKinley column. For the next
two years Oakland will have a Republi
can Board of Works, and as this board
can do as it pleases with the immense pa
tronage of the police, street and lire de
partments, there is no doubt that there
will be a thorough reorganization of them,
especially as many members have been
openly lighting the Republican ticket dur
ing the past month.
As stated in The Call the week after
the Republican convention, an effort was
to be made to deliver the city into the
hands of those who would run it "wide
open." The warning was. heeded and the
personnel of the government elected to
day is deserving of the utmost confidence.
It was a straight party fight, and al
though the support of the Municipal
League helped to produce the agreeable
result, it is noticeable that the only can
didate of the league on the general ticket,
D. C. Hinsdale for Auditor, was hopeless
ly beaten. „
The candidates elected are ; all well
known and are Republicans of good
standing in the community. They have
been so frequently referred to in these
columns and their claims to office so
often set forth that their election Is no
6U The "(flection was very quiet, and In no ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
HE CRUISER
CHITOSE LAID
UP FOR REPAIRS
Machinery Damaged
by the Crew.
SOMEBODY MADE BLUNDERS
HER DEPARTURE WILL BE LONG
DELAYED.
Working Night and Day to Get the
Hongkong Maru Ready for
Sea — Gatherer Goes On
Anita Rock.
The Japanese may have made a success
of handling warships and merchantmen
in other parts of the world, but they cer
tainly have not done so here, if success Is
to be measured by their handling of ves
sels now in port. Mechanics are working
night and day to get the Hongkong Maru
ready to resume her maiden voyage on
Friday next and it will be a month before
the cruiser Chitose will be able to leave
her moorings. One or two of her furnaces
are down, her engine for the steam steer
ing gear is disabled, one of the winches is
smashed to atoms and the donkey engine
is out of kilter.
The cruiser waa to have been open to
the public last Sunday, but owing to these
mishaps visitors were not allowed aboard.
Those who went out to her on launches
were turned away and had to be content
with a visit to the battleship lowa instead.
After being tested in every conceivable
way the Chitose was finally accepted by
the Japanese Government. She made more
than the required number of knots on her
trial and after her final spin, in order to
work up the necessary revolutions, waa
pronounced one of the greatest successes
ever turned out by the Union Iron Works.
While the cruiser was undergoing her
trials her crew arrived here from Japan.
The sailors, firemen, oilers, machinists
and engineers upon reaching the city were
taken out to the iron works and housed
there until the warship was accepted. All
the necessary tests were completed about
ten days ago and then the mechanics of
the iron works retired and the crew
brought out from Yokohama took charge.
Things did not run smoothly, however,
and the Union Iron Works men are now
aboard the Chitose again repairing dam-
i ages.
Out at the warship everybody is retl
! cent. It appears, however, that low water
in the boilers was the cause of the fur
naces coming down, and the damage to
I the steam-steering engine was caused by
i a man who "wanted to see the wheels go
I round." No one seems to know how the
winch was smashed and no one will tell
what is the matter with the donkey en
gine; but everybody knows that it will be
\ several weeks before the cruiser is ready
for sea.
The trouble on the Hongkong Maru is
entirely the fault of the English builders.
The Scotts turned the warship over in
perfect condition, but the people who
built the merchantman didn't follow suit.
The boilers were made In a hurry and in
consequence would not stand the strain.
! Between Yokohama and Honolulu they
i began to leak around the furnace crowns
and gradually went from bad to worse
until when San Francisco was reached
every one of the twenty-seven crowns was
leaking. In order to make the neces
j sary repairs all the rivets had to be cut
! out" the sheets fitted closely together and
f reriveted. In order to get the Job done
: before the day of sailing, men have been
at work since the vessel came in without
a moment's rest. As soon as one man got
tired another took his place. When one
prang went to lunch or supper another
! pang took up the work and in this way
the Hongkong Maru's boilers will be put
In first-class order by Friday and the
steamer will go out on schedule time.
The torpedo boat Fox, built at Portland
for the Government, arrived here yester
day. She made the run from Astoria
here In forty-five hours, but at no time
was going full speed. She did not
come to an anchor on her arrival, but
went direct to Mare Island. She will be
turned over to the Government in a day
or two.
The barkentine Gatherer went on Anita
rock, off the Presidio, when making port
yesterday afternoon. She was coming in
with a twelve-knot breeze and off the
Presidio Captain Stokkoley decided to
anchor. Unfortunately, both of the an
chor chains fouled, and before they could
| be cleared the vessel was on the rock.
The tug Reliance went to her assistance,
! but the captain refused the proffered aid.
I The Gatherer is coal laden, and the cap
procinct was there any disturbance. Ow
ing to the fact that there were twice the
usual number of polling places, the re
turns were completed quite early. It was
seen from the iirst that Snow was in the
lead but not until the count was half
through was it certain that City Attor
ney Dow and Clement were elected.
When complete returns were received
from the precincts the gains for the Re
publican ticket increased steadily.
R W Snow, the Mayor-elect, is the
best known official in Oakland The May
hew family, from which Mr. Snow Is de-
Sded settled Marthas Vineyard in the
year 1640, after purchasing the island
from Lord Sterling. Governor Mayhew,
his son and grandsons were preachers to
the Indians and white settlers for five
generations. When Mr. Snow was four
years old he was adopted by Joehua
Snow, a ship master and his early edu
cation was received In the public schools
of Edgartown. At the age of 18 he moved
to Chicago, where he spent the following
seven years, and then came to Oakland in
1875 He engaged in business in San Fran
cisco, although still residing on this side
of the bay, until ISB9, when by the new
charter the office of Auditor was created
in Oakland, and Mr. Snow was elected
to fill it after being indorsed by a citi
zens' convention. He has since been in
dorsed by nearly all the local political
parties and is now serving his fourth
term as Auditor.
The Sixth and Fifth Wards set their
teal of disapproval upon men who prove
unfaithful to their constituents in the
fixing of water rates. W. Watkinson and
X W Woodward, the only members of
the "solid six" who sought re-election,
were buried out of sight. Woodward re
ceived 60 votes out of nearly 1000 in his
ward, and Watkinson did not fare much
A scurrilous circular issued In the Sec
ond W T ard for the purpose of trying to in
jure Councilman Gfrard seems to have had
the opposite effect, for Mr. Girard was re
turned to the Council by a handsome ma
jority.
CRAWLED THROUGH A
.TRANSOM AFTER GOVD
BOLD THIEVES BURGLARIZE
DENNETT'S RESTAURANT.
Disappointed in Their Quest, They
Make Way With the Salvation
Army Poor Box.
One of the boldest burglaries committed
In this city In some time was reported at
Police Headquarters last night by a rep
resentative of Dennett' b restaurant on
Market street. While the amount stolen
was not large, the cheekiness of the
crime and its execution has led the de
partment to believe that a band of daring
crooks has invaded the city. The rob
bery was well planned and carried out.
How the burglars escaped detection has
created great surprise, as the crime was
committed on a busy thoroughfare.
On Sundays the restaurant is closed.
The burglars, knowing this, planned to
enter the place in the night time. All
was dark in that vicinity, and their oper
ations were unnoticed by the hurrying
MAKING A RECORD RUN.
a -T-HE ship Wachusett has redeemed herself. She left Puget Sound
♦ with a load of lumber for Australia and was compelled to put in
+. here in distress. To avoid discharging, a donkey pump and a
° windmill were put aboard to keep down the water. She sailed again
o on January 20 and arrived at Sydney on JL&rch 11, having made the
♦ run in fifty days. The British ship Ulawarra, which left here No-
Z vember 14 last for Australia, made the run down in forty-eight
o days, but still fifty days is r wonderfully smart passage.
tain was afraid that she might go down
if a hole had been knocked in her hull.
Later, when he found she was making no
water, he accepted the tug's assistance
and was towed to the mud flats.
The tug Reliance succeeded in hauling
the Gatherer off the rock last evening.
The bark la badly stove about the fore
foot and will have to go on the drydock
for rcpcitr^
Commodore Baettke, with Leo Palmer,
proprietor of the Palmerlee HoteU and
Mort Nicholas made a trip to the Faral
lon Islands in the sloop Mabelle last
Sunday. When they undertook to return
to the city, however, they found the wind
too strong for the little boat, so the com
modore had to heave to. The Mabelle
drifted all night, and early yesterday
morning the half-drowned trio found
themselves off Santa Cruz harbor. Ihe
little vessel was sailed into the bay, and
as soon as the mudhook was fast Lee
Palmer went ashore and telephoned to nif>
sister. Mrs. Treacy. that he was all right
and to communicate the safe arrival of
the Mabelle to Captain Baettke s wife.
This is the second time that Palmer,
Baettke & Co. have been carried out to
sea while on an excursion to the i<arai
lones. __________
They "Were Bay Pirates.
The mystery of a boat found under a
wharf near the Union Iron Works on
Saturday with an old coat and hat in
the bottom has been cleared up to the
satisfaction of the police. Yesterady
morning it was discovered that 200 pounds
of copper had been stolen from the cop
per shop of the works, which t3 close to
the wharf, and it is supposed that the
thieves had utilized the boat and, being
scared away, left the coat and hat. John
Bonner, to whom the craft belongs, has
a charge of grand larceny pending
against him in the Superior Court for
stealing brass from the rolling mills.
! passers-by. With an agility that bespoke
I long practice one of the thieves mounted
his companion's shoulders and with a
knife cut a hole in the wire screen inside
the transom. While one kept a sharp
lookout for policemen, the other entered
the restaurant and coolly tapped the cash
register of its contents.
Luckily for the proprietor, the Satur
day sales had been placed in a secure
place, and only a few dollars remained
for the thief to carry away with him.
In his search for more coin the burglar
espied the Salvation Army poor box that
was placed In a conspicuous place on the
I wall into which customers of the place
dropped various sums. His haul was
more remunerative, as some generous
Christian had dropped a twenty-dollar
gold piece the day before. Besides that
sum, there were smaller pieces to the
amount of $5. With «. wrench the thief
tore it away from its fastenings and, un
mindful of the good It might do the poor,
I passed it out to his companion and fled.
HAS NO JURISDICTION.
Railroad Commission Is Unable to
Fix Pullman Car Rates.
The State Board of Railroad Commis
sioners held a meeting yesterday, Com
missioners Laumelster and Edson being j
present. Commissioner Blackstock had j
been called out of the city. After a short ■
discussion the Commissioners decided to j
dismiss the proceedings Instituted some
time ago to Investigate and regulate the
rates of the Pullman Palace Car Com
pany in this State. Attorney General
Tlrey L. Ford, who had been asked for
an opinion in regard to the jurisdiction of
the board, informed the Commissioners
that they have no power under existing
statutes to inquire into the affairs of the
Pullman Company. Acting on this ad
vice the board abandoned the proceedings.
Nothing was done In the grain rates
case now pending before the board, as
Commissioner Blackstock has not com
pleted his report on the subject. The re
port is expected next week.
TRADES UNION BOOM.
Applications for Membership in the
Carpenters' Unions.
The carpenters' unions of this city have
reopened their charters and are now tak
ing in members at a reduced rate. This
action has had the effect of piling the
desks of the secretaries with applications
for membership. Union No. 483 met last
night, and eighteen new members took
the obligations. After the business meet
ing the regular quarterly high Jinks was
held. A collation as served, after which
cigars and liquid refreshments were
passed around and the members and
guests proceeded to make merry.
P. J. McKenna, president of the union,
acted as master of ceremonies. Enthu
siastic speeches were made by E. L.
Malsbary, Harry M. Saunders, Guy Lath
rop, H. Myers, P. H. McCarthy and many
others. In the course of his speech Mr.
Saunders incidentally mentioned the fact
that he had seventeen applications for
membership in his pocket, which called
forth a storm of applause.
After the regular speech-making "stag"
songs and stories were the order of the
evening, and the gathering broke up at a
late hour.
EXAMINATION
OF TEACHERS
IS POSTPONED
The Board Fixes June
24 as the Date.
HEAD AND WEBSTER DIFFER
ABUSES IN ISSUANCE OF
SPECIAL CERTIFICATES.
Instructors in Special Lines Must
Procure Licenses From the
Board of Examiners in
Order to Teach.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting last evening and extended the
date for the semi-annual examination of
teachers from March 24 to June 24. At
the last regular meeting of the board a
resolution was introduced which provided
that all teachers In the department who
are holding regular certificates and
teaching special subjects should appear
for examintation on March 24 and secure
a special certificate permitting them to
instruct classes in special subjects.
President Bergerot, at the request of Di
rectors Eells, Brandenstein and Stow,
called a special session of the board to
consider this resolution. During the two
hours' debate the subject of special
teachers was gone into in detail, and
Superintendent Webster and Director
Head became somewhat acrimonious in
exchanging their views.
When the resolution was taken up Di
rector Head offered an amendment ex
tending the date on which the board of
examiners shall meet to examine appli
cants for teachers' certificates. He de
sired the extension, he said, as a matter
of justice to a number of teachers who
have been teaching special branches. It
looked like taking snap judgment to or
der an immediate examination when some
of the department employes might be
rusty.
President Bergerot called attention to
i the sections of the Political Code gov
i ernlng the actions of city school boards,
! and said the signing of warrants for sal
aries where the teacher did not hold a cer
tificate to teach a special branch was
illegal, and each member of the board
could be legally held responsible for mon
ey thus illegaily paid out.
The members of the board were satis
fied that a teacher's regular certificate
was good only for branches of study
enumerated in section 1G65 of the Politi
cal Code, and that instructors in other
lines must hold special certificates.
Superintendent Webster emphatically
and vigorously opposed an extension of
the date on which examinations are to
be held. He maintained that any teacher
in the department who could not at
any time pass a satisfactory and rea
sonable examination in fils or her par-
I ticular branch 1b not qualified to teach
i and should be discharged. He said it had
been the practice of preceding boards to
order special certificates Issued for per
sons who were Incompetent and then
placing these persons on fhe payroll. He
stated further that he had made a par
tial examination of certificates on file and
! had found glaring and vicious abuses.
This he had stopped by refusing to per
i mit any special examinations. The Su
! perintendent criticized Director Head's
i position, and made some caustic remarks
which the latter resented. Mr. Head de
clared that the Superintendent had signed
warrants for these special teachers al
luded to. and, according to his own con
tention, his acts in doing so were illlegal.
I The Director thought it very strange if
the Superintendent knew of these abuses
that he had not informed fhe board long
I before.
Other members of the board partici
j pated in the discussion, and as their re
! marks Indicated they were in favor of ex
tending the date for examination, the
Superintendent bowed to their wishes.
He. contended, however, before the vote
was taken that the law requiring semi
annual examinations is explicit, and as
i the last examination was held in Sep-
I tember, the board could not legally defer
the next examination until June. The
board interpreted the law differently. It
1 was agreed that the statute did uot state
DB. KILMER'S BEMEDIES.
THOUSANDS iIINEY
X TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
Swamp Root, the Great Kidney Restorative and Healer.
ITS MARVELOUS SUCCESS IN ALL KIDNEY,
BLADDER AND URIC ACID TROUBLES.
To Prove the Wonderful Merits of This Great Discovery
Every "Call" Reader May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
What your kidneys need is a gentle, healing, tonic influence
that will soothe their irritability and gently regulate them.
The only thing that will do this is Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the
ideal Kidney Restorative.
It used to be considered that only urinary troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their beginning in the disorder of
these useful organs.
What more natural ?
The Kidneys filter and purify the blood. v .
When they don't your whole body
must suffer.
If you are sick, doctor your kidneys,
because as soon as they are well they
will help all the other organs to health.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases and
is sold by druggists in 50-cent and $1
bottles. Make a note of the name,
SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root.
You may have a sample bottle of this
I famous kidney remedy sent free by
i mail, postpaid, by which you may test
its virtues for such disorders as kidney,
bladder and uric acid diseases, and uri-
nary troubles, obliged to pass water
frequently night and day, smarting or
irritation in passing, brick dust or sed-
iment in the urine, constant headache,
backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
lessness, indigestion, nervousness, skin
trouble, anaemia, Bright's disease, neu-
ralgia, rheumatism, bloating, irritabil-
when examinations must be held further
than that they must be semi-annual.
After several amendments had been of
fered and the discussion seemed intermin
able. Director Eells solved the difficulty
by offering a substitute, which was pass
ed providing that all teachers must ap
pear for examination as to their qualifi
cations. Teachers in the following
branches will be compelled to procure
special certificates: All languages other
than English, music, drawing in all Its
branches, bookkeeping, history, elocution,
stenography and typewriting, sewing,
penmanship, physical culture, cooking,
j clay modeling and wood carving. These
are all special lines and are not enum
erated in the regular certificates.
For a Forestry Commission.
At a meeting of the California Water
and Forest Society last night the matter
of forest fires was taken up and dls
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers. Brokers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION,
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
COPPERSMITH. IRON FOUNDERS.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgrr. i Western Foundry. Morton SHedler. Props*
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat 234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Do.
X&MJSonsf "rS^onS'M&nlVl «crlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
" RELTINO &":■■ LIQUORS.
msuii.-tu. Gudold Whiskey, gallon *1 50; case WOO
Lit lIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and iP.C. O. Whiskey, do $125
r. VEUCN, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis- | L. CAHEN & SON. 418 Sacramento st., S. F.
■ion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. — — — —
5^ : — — PAPER DEALERS.
BOILER MAKERS. U/ll I AUFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, • " w^" - t> ""*
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. |-. £+ U|T/>upo ' PRINTER.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and 8-lp ■-.• V<- II «J VIllLlO) 611 Bansom« street.
Work. — ■ ■ . ■ -
Cffl " "« JEgS'Syjg"" 8I - SatL
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. THE HICKS Jl'nn fft Printers. Book-
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, Z^r"^
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. r£WX3\ HIT ' »j. n lJ
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. .g||Dv AH lypeWnterS KGflt6d.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. IS&JQ AGENTS 7 SM^TH^PREMIBA*'
O'DDICV £■ CAVC" Makers and Dealers in jgeßaßm L. &M. ALEXANDER.
DKIEn ff JLandaus Hacks, Victorias. "— Rs^_>__£3 110 Montgomery street.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk — — — 1 — -
St.. Ban- Francisco. -^ ■ WAREHOUSEMEN.
: COA , C OKE AND PIQ IRON THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO-
COAL, COKE AINU FIU IKU«. Forw.ri Agents and Public Weighers. Oc_.
JY** \A/I I 9ON A CIO eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Qea-
• V»r VVI-.OUM W» *_»V/«, eral office, 110 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
©OO BATTERY STREET. — —
Telephone Main 1864. WATCHES. BTC.
x li] unv Headquarters for line Jewelry an*
DRUOQISTS (WHOLESALE). A * LU "* I *» '1 IS-k. Wedding Rings. 4ld St.
RFfilNfiTnii R. Rfl SecondandSte-en. WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
nuUiIIUIUII 06 UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4 Mined by the
~~ cnocu »m cut mpits ' BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. at It*
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
TIC nnVEC * m Shipping Butchers, IM J p the Best Coal In the Market.
JA_>- DUICO _ VVi. Clay. Tel. Mala UM. - Olic* aad Tards— *W Mala StrMk
ity, worn-out feeling, lack of ambition,
loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
ment or settling or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, In hospital work, in priv-
ate practice, among the helpless too
poor to purchase relief, and has proved
so successful in every case that a spe-
cial arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call, who have
not already tried it, may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mall.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
who owe their good health, In fact,
their very lives, to the wonderful cura-
tive properties of Swamp-Root. Be
sure and mention the San Francisco
Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. T.
cussed. A resolution was adopted ap
pointing Colonel John P. Irish to repre
sent the society before the State Legisla
ture and urge upon it the passage of a
law creating a special commission to in
quire into the cause of forest fires an€
devise a plan for preserving the forests
and conserving the natural water supply.
■ » ■
Has Kept the Watch.
Mrs. Louise Wenther, 1186 Kentucky
street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday for the arrest
of "John Doe" Miller on a charge of
felony embezzlement. Mrs. "Wenther al
leges that March 4 she gave Miller a gold
watch to repair, which was worth $80, and
since then she has not seen nor heard of
him. Miller canvassed houses for watches
or jewelry to repair, and it is said that
Mrs. Wenther is not the only one anxious
to hear about him.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Fugar declined.
Silver unchanged.
Cumberland Coal lower.
Wheat dull. Barley firmer.
Oats strong. Corn and Rye dulL.
Another advance In Hay.
Fcedstuffs unchanged.
Lima Beans higher again.
Expected failure of the Honey crop.
Dried Peaches and Apricots still higher.
Prunes rule firm.
Potatoes advanced again.
Onions weak.
Peas and Asparagus declined.
Butter lower. Eggs unchanged.
Poultry and Game about the same.
Choice Apples and Oranges firm.
Lemons weak and quiet.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs easy. Other Meats steady.
PEACHES AND CANNED FRUITSv
The New York Commercial says: "From al
market centers comes the announcement o
scarcity of cured peaches. Boston is said t
have less than a dozen cars. Chicago Is short
Minneapolis has none at all. and other citie
In the Mississippi Valley are suffering in th
same way. Spot supplies are known to be ver>
Bhort, but no one knows the number or car
which might be picked up by close picking, but
Jt Is known that the quantity is very small.
Supplies on the coast are also greatly reduced,
and the Bteady demand for stocks for imme
diate consumption, while orders are still Email,
la wearing away what few there are.
■•Prices are firm and high on all grades, and
tend upward on fancy qualities. It Is difficult
to establish any price which will stand'or
twenty-four hours on the be3t class of goods,
the price being regrulated by the views of
buyers and sellers. All holders are linn in
their views and refuse to consider any offe
below the high figures which rule on a.
trades There is cue lot of Georgia peaches
fn market now which would hardly bring 2, Hi
ordinary years, but under present condition
they are held at 7®loc, and, notwithstanding
the poor quality, the goods receive considera
tion The partial destruction of the peach
crop has a tendency to increase the price 01
all stocks r.ow held in any posltlen. The proa
r.ect Is that there will at least be no reuuc
tion while dealers think the probability is tha
quotations will advance. Increasing demMil
which is expected wl }' llk(fl I > r
cause an Increase, but how much It is fmpossi
ble to say. The packers generally take .
cheerful view ot the outlook for canned &oods
Speculation In s| • °j> the r*
ports of large damage done to the crop i
recent cold weather, has caused higher
for all grades, b • there small lot
can be picked up at a shade under the market
•We Were promised such a largo crop ot peache
next summer that it may prove a blessing in
disguise If it turns out that one-half or mor
of the buds have been killed.
"Tomatoes for both spot and future delivery
were again quite active during the week. A
combination of circumstances which seeems i
hard to beat makes It as certain as anything |
uncertain can be that the prices of tomatue^
will b* higher. Corn sometimes Improves when
tomatoes go up. Will It do bo this spring?"
WEATHER REPORT.
BAN FRANCISCO. March 13, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station*— 2* Hours. Season. Season.
led stuff".:::::: 0.00 13.3? 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 7.95 8.50
San Francisco ...... 0.00 8.03 7.43
Fresno 0.00 3.i8 3.63
Kan Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 6.27
Los Angeles 0.00 2.M 4.52
Ban Diego 0.00 8.71 B.M
yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
El; minimum, 43; mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over the Pa
cific Slope this evening. Light rain or enow
has fallen from Cape Mendocino on the coast
and Northern Nevada in the interior northward.
The amounts have been small In all districts.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
Oregon coast and risen over Montana.
The temperature has fallen in all districts.
Conditions will become somewhat threatening
In Northern California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 14, ISS9:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Tues
day, probably with showers in northwestern
portion; fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
fresh west wind. _,
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, probably with snow
In north portion.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday, with enow in north
portion.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and some
what threatening Tuesday: fresh west wind.
g . H. *» ILLf^UIN,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The market gener
»Uy worked fractionally lower to-day for the
railway list, with most activity in the spe
cialties, which, on the whole, were well sup
ported. Tobacco was a feature with a rise of
Six points net. American Steel and Wire and
the American Steel shares generally were con
fc-pl.-jvusly strong in the forenoon, but later
lost grounJ.
American Steel and Wlr« preferred went up
S points in anticipation of a dividend, which
subsequently developed, and the stock eased
off on realizations. Metropolitan Street Rall
wf.y Bhowed alternate strength and weak
ness, while Third Avenue was decidedly fever
ish, and they ended with a loss of 14 each.
Talk of rate cutting amon; the local gas com-
panic* brought liquidation In Consolidated Gas, \
'which ended with a loss of 3 points. Among i
the usually inactive stocks there was a Jump |
Of 5 points In Flint and Pere Marquette.
while Great Northern preferred rose 5%. half I
of which It subsequently lost. Strength among
all the Southwestern railroads and Southern j
Railway preferred got up 2 points, losing half !
of It. There was comparatively little doing ,
among the anthracite coalers, and Lackawanna
i and the Reading seconds were materially
■ higher while the rest were fractionally up. The
general railway list was irregular and with :
the rest of the market eased on the bidding i
of call money to 4 per cent in the last hour. i
The rate for call money, however, eased oft !
an' closed -Wai per cent, but the market
meed weak. Advices from the interior re
ported a plethora of money in various sections.
In some cases attributable to sums received
for industrial concerns taken into the larger
combinations. Over a million dollars in gold
was received from California too late to figure
-In last week's bank statement. London's tran
sactions were in small volume, purchases ap
parently slightly exceeding sales.
" While the aggregate of to-day's bond trad- !
Ing was considerably below recent totals, I
there was no abatement of the confident tone j
to operations, and some issues achieved record i
prices. Texas Pacific seconds were In brisk \
demand, rising to 04, but sagged later. Total i
eales, 11800.000.
United States old 4s and the 5s advanced
li. and the 3s % In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day 553.3000 shares.
Including: Atchison preferred, 18,621; Central
pacific, 3900; Burlington, i>656; Manhattan, 4975;
Metropolitan, 7u7S; Missouri Pacific, 30,320;
M-, K. and T. preferred, 3650; Heading first
preferred, 18,700; St. Paul, 6220; Southern pre
ferred, 12,430; Southern Pacific, 4100; Union i
Pacific, 7616; do preferred, 5G40; American Steel I
end Wire, 79.757; do preferred, 17.200; Paper,
" 4300; Tobacco, 35,954; Federal Steel, 35,380; do
preferred. 25.443; People's Gas, 5530; Consoli
dated Gas, 6465; Colorado Fuel and Iron, 5560;
. Brooklyn Transit, 21,680; Sugar, 24,516; Ten
nessee Coal and Iron, 4055.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% St Louis & 8 "W... 6%
Do prefd 60% I Do prefd 27'^
Baltimore & Ohio. Cv St Paul 127
Canada Pacific 86% ; Do prefd 169%
Canada Southern.. f'j-_ St P £ Om u2Vi
Cent Pac 60 Do rrefd 170
Ches &■ Ohio 2fiSi:So Pacific...: 344,
Chi & Alton.. 170 So Railway 12%
• Chi B & Q ISS% Do prefd 499*
Chi & E 111 67 Texas & Pacific... 24% j
. Do prefd 119 Union Pacific 41%
Chi G W 15% Do prefd 77%
Chi Ind & L Shi tJ I' D & G 12
Do prefd 43 Wabash BV4
Chi & N W 47*1 Do prefd 22
Do prefd 191 Wheel &L E 11%
C C C & St L r,7U,i Do prefd 32>>
Do prefd a/V Express Companies—"
Del & Hudson Adams Ex 113
X>el L & W ...163Vi, American Ex 140
Den & Rio G 21H United States 55
Do prefd \\(ii s Fargo 123
Erie (new) 11}4| Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd 39 A Cot Oil 36',i
- Ft Wayne 178 Do prefd C2 i < !
Gt Nor prefd 101% Am Spirits Mfc
Hocking Val 5% Do prefd 40»4
Illinois Cent 114',; Am Tobacco 205 I ,i
Lake Erie <fc W.... 18% Do prefd 148
■ Do prefd 66 ICons Gas 213' A
Lake Shore 200 [Com Cable Co 170
Louis & Nash 64 iCol F & Iron 35%
Manhattan L 10S>-i| Do prefd 331^
Met St Ry 250% Gen Electric iisi,fc :
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 7:, "
Minn & St L. &3 (Brooklyn It T 96^4
Do Ist prefd 90 Intl. Taper 65 '
Mo Pacific 47 Do prefd 8614
Mobile & Ohio 40 Laclede Gas 52
'. Mo X & T 13?; Lead 34%
Do prefd BS% | Do prefd U2U
X J Central 112'ijNat Lin Oil 4£
N T Central 1*4% Pacific Mail i"- d
■ Chi & St L... 13& People's Gas 114%
Do Ist prefd 63 Pullman Pal IDB%
Do 2d prefd 33 'silver Certificates. 594
Kor West IS Standard R & T... 19
No Amer Co B*l Sugar 142%
No Pacific 6Uil Do prefd 115
Do prefd.. .~ 78%|T C & Iron 47»i
Ontario & W 2704 |U S Leather «Vi
Or Rft N»v 46 I Do prefd... 71 .
Or Short Lino 42%,U S Rubber.. 60%
Pac C Ist prefd.... SS Do prefd... 116%
Do Ed prefd 63 Western Union.... 93%
Plttsburg ISO Federal Steel 52%
Reading 24 Do prefd 87%
Do Ist prefd GB% Am B & W 61*4
R G W 36 I Do prefd.... 104%
Do prefd 75 Or Nay prefd .0
Rook Island 116% ! Pac Coast 49
Bt Louis & S F.... ll%|Colo Southern 7
Do prefd 70 | Do Ist prefd 63%
Do 2d prefd K%l Do 2d prefd 21
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 3, 107 |N V Central lsts..Hs
U S new "is' reg. . ..128 j N J C 55.... 118 ,4
Do coup 128 N Carolina 6s 130
I U S 4* 111% Do 43 10
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 116
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s t>S
U S 5s rer 112 i Do 4s 103%
I Do 5s coup 112 N VC& St L 45.. 107
i District 8.66b 117V4 Nor & ™ 6a 130
! Ala class A 109 (Northwestern c0n.140%
Do B W9 I Do deb 5s 122
Do C 100 lO Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 10) IO Nay 4s 101% !
Atchlson -Is 102%|0 S Line 6" tr 128% '
Do adj 4s 52%!0 B Line 6a tr 110*4
Can So Ms HO .Heading 4s 89%
|c&O4%a 93 HG W lsts 96
i Chi Term 4s 88% St L & I M con 55.1U% ;
C & Ohio r.s 118* St I- & S F gen 65. 1234 i
C II & D 4>-s 104% Bt P Con 164% '
D & R G ists lOSVs St P C & P 1et5. ..121
D & R G 4s 101 I Do 5s 120%
East Term lsts.... 104%: So Ry 5s 105%
Erie Gen 4s 73V4, Stand R & T 65... 86
FW & D lsts tr.. St Term new set 35... 97
1 Gen Elec 5s 121 iTex Pac L G 15t5. .113
G H & S A 6s 110 Do Re: 2ds 53%
Do 2ds 111% Union Pac 4s 104%
H&T CPs 110 UPD & G lsts.... 89
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 5s 114%
lowa C lsts 107% 1 Do 2ds 95
La new con Is.. 109%|W Shore 4s 113
L & N Uni 4s 95 iVa Centuries 63%
Mo Pac con 6s 120% iDo deferred -8%
1 M K& T 2d5...... i" 1 1 Wls Cent lsts 67%
Do 4s 93% Colo Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar 30 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 15;Ophir 100
: Con Cal & Va 165 Plymouth 10
I Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 175
j Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 500
| Hale & Norcrose.. 30 Sierra Nevada 115
I Homestake 55 00 Standard ........... 2 55
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 50
Mexican 65 ' Yellow Jacket 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • IWis Cent 1%.
Call loans 3 @4iFederal Steel 52%
Time loans 3%@3j Do prefd 54%
Stocks— lAtch prefd 60%
Atch Top. & St Fe. 21% I Bonds—
Amer Sugar 129 Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 115 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 343 Allouez Mm C 0.... 10%
■ Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 33
Boston & Maine... l 72 Boston & Mont 361
Boston L 86 Butte & 805t0n.... 84
Chi Bur & Q 135% Calumet & Hec1a..755
Fitchburg 114% Centennial 47
Gen Electric 118% Franklin 23%
Do prefd 139 Osceola 88
Mexican Central... 6 Qulncy 165
Old Colony 201 Tamarack 234
Rubber 50% , Wolverine 46
Union Pacific 44% . Parrott 45
j "West End 94 Union Land 8
Do prefd 112 I Adventure 34
Westingh Elec 4!*% Winona 7
Do prefd 62 |
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The market was generally stagnant to-day, be
cause of the long account and the approaching
Easter holidays. Americans were hardly men
tioned and were confined to fractional move
ments. London has made its mind up for an
Idle period. Spanish fours were 58%, but Paris.
Gold them heavily and they closed at 55%.
Coppers were weak on the fall in metal of
30s.
Anacondas were 31 13-16. Tlntos were 39%;
Utahs, 9; Boston, 21 5-16.
An African gold arrival of £320,000 was taken
for the Continent at 77s 9%d.
All due bank loans have been repaid.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 13.— Canadian Pacific, 90: '
Northern Pacific preferred, SlVi: Union Pacific !
preferred, 80%; Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver,
quiet, 27^d; money, 2Vi per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 13.— FLOUR—
26,612 barrels; exports, 3717 barrels. Neglected
and barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 217,600 bushels; exports.
86.043. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 81% c, f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened steadier and
were well supported all day by a moderate
demand from shorts. The small world's ship
ments, better cables than expected and crop
damage news from the West and India stimu
lated buying. Export demand and seaboard
clearances were licht. The close was steady j
nt %@lc net advance. March. 80%@81%, closed
SlVic; May. 74>4'§74%c. closed 74% c; July, 72%0
73 ! -ic, closed 73% c; September, 72 ',*<-■, closed
72% c. *
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— A stiffening In values of iron and
tin was the feature of developments in the
metal market to-day. While showing a firmer
undertone, lead failed to improve in price. The
other departments were destitute of interest
ing new features. Demand showed signs of
broadening, this being especially true of Iron.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, firm, at $10 25 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, at $17 73 nominal.
TlN— Firmer, with $23 65 bid and $23 85 asked.
LEAD— Quiet but firm, with $4 40 bid and
$1 45 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 20 and for
copper $17 50@17 62%.
COFFEE — Options closed .steady, unchanged
to 7 points higher; sales. 26.730 bags. Including
April, ?5 05; May, $3 05*55 10; July, $3 23: Au
gust, $5 33; October, $5 55; December, $5 70®
5 75.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 6»sc. Mild, quiet and steady;
Cordova. B?il4c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, i»6 test. 4 13-32 c; molasses sugar,
i 3%c: refined, firmer and active.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7665 packages, steady.
; Western creamery, Vu'n 20c; Elglns, 20c; factory,
12@14V4c.
EGGS — Receipts, 10.214 • packages, steady.
WpctPrn ir-i,<al4r; Southern. 12U,ff14c.
ELGIN. 111.. March 13.— BUTTER— Finn; of
: ferings 96 tubs. Sales, 96 tubs at 20c. -"
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Calif ornia dried fruits
i steady; evaporated apples, common, 6(frSVic:
, prime wire tray, S%e; choice, o*4if9V4c: fancy.
'c(10c. Prunes, 4'S 1 10 c. Apricots— Royal, 12« x)
; 14c; Moorpark, 13@i7c, Peaches— Unpeeled, 9@
I lie; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March — The early news con
i nected with wheat taken altogether was ever
i changing to the bulls and at the start the
market recovered somewhat from the extreme
' despondency it evinced Saturday. A better
j feeling was imparted by steady foreign mar-
I kets and the small world's shipments last
I •week. The exports from this country com
i prised about 65 per cent of the total, while
| Russia and the Danubian countries combined
j furnished only about 15 per cent. May opened
%@%c higher at from 63V4c up to 6y%@6'j i sic,
but the demand at the improvement was not
i urgent. Scattered selling by commission houses
i forced the price off to 69% c. At that point,
, however, the selling pressure slackened and an
upward tendency set in. The principal feature
of the day's news was the crop damage re
! ports. They came from all directions and made
! much more positive claims of winter killing
i than previous advices. Near the close the re
ported damage to the Indian wheat crop
by drought and the steadiness of European
! markets caused this market to rule firm to
! the end. From 69% c for May, the price grad-
I ually rose to 70 I / »c, when a slight reaction set
i in on profit-taking and May closed at 6j~,i'<ilitc.
Corn gained a little in sympathy with wheat
1 ! and al.'-o owing to the receipt OX quite a few.
; buying orders from the country. One of the
heaviest local shorts was the ljrincipal buyer.
' Liquidation of long corn seemed to have run
its course. May closed %c higher. Oats were
firm in sympathy with the other grains. There
was a good scattered demand tor May, but
July was more or less neglected. The cash
demand from the East was good, but holders
I here were not inclined to sell at current prices.
May closed VaVzC advance. Provisions ruled
steady, with packers moderate buyers against
cash sales. Shipments of meats were moder
ate. May pork left off 2%c higher, lard and
ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. ', 2—
May ........... *% 10% 69% 70
July 68% 69% 68% 6ST4
Corn No. 2—
May 35/* 35% 84% 35%
July 35% 30 35% 35%
September 36% 36% 36^ 36%
Oats No. —
May ..... 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 24% . 25 25% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 910 9 174 9 07% 915
July 9 274 935 925 9 32%
Lard, per- 100 pounds— .
May.!... 5 37% 540 535 540
j July 550 5 52% 550 660
i September 5 624 565 6 624 5 624
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 70 4 75 4 70 4 70
July 485 485 4 82% 485
September 495 4 974 455 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
; 68c; No. 3 spring wheat, 64®67%c; No. 2 red,
6»y.@70%c; No. 2 corn, 34% c; No. 2 yellow corn,
34%@34'>c; No. 2 oats, 26%e; No. 2 white, 29c;
I No. 3 white, 28%@29c; No. 2 rye, 53c; No. 2
barley, 41@50c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 15@1 20%;
prime timothy seed, $2 40; mess pork, per bar
rel. $9@n 05; lard, per 100 pounds. $5 27% 30:'
short rib sides, loose, $4 55@4 65; dry salted
shoulders, boxed, 4 / 4@4%c; short clear . sides,
boxed, U gj@4 90; whisky, distillers' finished
THE SAIST FBASTCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MAKCH 14, 1899.
goods, per gallon, $1 26; clover, contract
grade, $6.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16,000 15.000
Wheat, bushels 32.000 46.000
Corn, bushels 325.000 105, #00
Oats, bushels 305.000 lMi,«0«
Rye, bushels 11,000 2.000
Barley, bushels 77,000 29,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@19%c: dair
ies, 11%@17c. Eggs, steady; 12%@13c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 10%@11%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis % 320.250 28.120
Duluth 139,708 . 2,406
Milwaukee 35,000 11,200
Chicago
Toledo 11.493 8,900
St. Louis 42.(100 71.000
Detroit 1.174 5,136
Kansas City 62.000 . 51,500
Totals . v ......
Tidewater— t
Boston 6,000 40.000
New York 217,600 56.045
Philadelphia 2.698 21,187
Baltimore 5,126
Galveston ......
New Orleans 116.116
Totals 1
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 4% 5 o% a S4
Closing 5 5% 5 514 5 5%
■' ,t,'-; "'■' PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 43 05 43 45
Closing 43 00 43 60
Wheat-
Opening 20 35 20 75
Closing 20 40 20 75
CALIFORNIA ORANGES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Journal of Com
merce says: Recent abnormal weather condi
tions throughout the orange growing section
of the South have caused handlers and receiv
ers of this fruit to investigate the situation
carefully In order to determine if possible the
probabilities of next season's crop. It was
thought that the trees had recovered sufficient
ly from the damage done in 1896 to be an im
portant factor in the market, but the freezing
weather of a few weeks ago blighted these
hopes, and present conditions are unfavorable
for a realization of this expectation. A prom
inent receiver, when questioned with regard to
the orange situation, said:
"The present position of the orange market
is a very strange one. The fact of the matter
is that the only available fruit is from Cali
fornia. Last week sixty-eight carloads were
auctioned here at higher prices than have been
obtained so far this season. All the best navels
of desirable sizes brought from $3 75 to $4 per
box, while smaller sizes of the best fruit sold
at $3 25 to 53 50. There have been no arrivals
of Valencia oranges for several weeks, but the
small quantity lately sold has come from the
storehouses. It is also learned that there Is
none on the way from England, as pricee in
that country equal a cost of over $5 per case
of regular sizes. The market for this fruit at
present is from {> 25 to $4 50 per box. Valencia
fruit is not to be compared with California,
and Is not as a rule taken by the same class of
buyers. Owing to the advance in the market
some shipments have been made from the Medi
terranean, and it ie reported that 15,000 boxes
are at present on their way to New York and
Boston from Sicily, with doubtless more to fol
low.
"As far as Florida oranges are concerned, It
Is useless to expect any more fruit of -conse
quence this season, the late freezing weather
having ruined the fruit with the exception of
the extreme southern portion of the State.
There has been some damage to young trees,
but zero weather did not ruin them absolutely.
Notwithstanding higher prices for California
fruit, it would seem they must necessarily go
higher, owing to the exaggerated Ideas of the
owners of the remaining fruit on the coast,
where they are at present asking $3 per box f.
o. b. in carload lots for navels and $1 75 for
Mediterranean sweets. It is necessary to add
$1 per box for freight and selling expenses, and
when it is remembered that there is a variety
of sizes, some desirable and some otherwise,
these prices are above those ruling here. How
ever, it is simply a question of supply and de
-1 mand, and from all appearances the former is
decidedly small."
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 13.— beeves were steady
but other grades were very hard to sell at a
decline of 10c. Fancy cattle brought $5 70®
5 85; choice steers, $" 20@5 65; medium steers.
$4 C3@4 95; beef steers, $3 80®4 60; bulls. $2 60@
4: cows and heifers, $3 30@4; western fed steers,
$4 15@5; Texas steers. $3 50®5; calves. $5 20@7.
Trade in hogs started off brisk, with prices
ruling stronger to 5c higher, but the early ad
vance was mostly lost. Fair to choice, $3 Ss@
3 95; packing lots. $3 65@3 77%; mixed. $3 65®
3 85; butchers, $3 701*3 92%; light. $3 63®3 874;
pigs, $3 25@3 80.
I There was an active slaughtering demand for
j sheep and lambs and the market ruled strong
at the recent advance. Poor to prime sheep
brought $3f?4 70, largely at $4 25@4 60; year
lings, $4 40@4 80; lambs. $4®5 25, chiefly $4 SO®
5 10.
Receipts— 19,000; hogs, 32.000; sheep,
16,000. «'-',-".
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 110%: Silver,
27% d; French Rentes. 103f 10c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage
rather easier. 3d lower; English country mar
kets slow; imports into United Kingdom, wheat
262,000, flour 248,000; wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 3,090,000; wheat and flour
on passage to continent, 1.4S0,0OO: Indian ship
ments wheat to United Kingdom. 8000; Indian
shipments wheat to continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, March ..Wheat dull; wheat
in Paris steady; flour In Paris steady; French
country markets dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
Wheat— Spot dull; futures closed firm; March.
5s "Vi; May, 5s s>4d; July, 5s 6%d. Corn— Spot
steady; American mixed, new and spot, 33 6d;
do old. steady, 3s 6Vid; May, 3s 4%d; July,
3s 4%d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March 13.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat. on
Saturday, March 11. 1599, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Wheat— 29,799,000 bushels; Increase, 322,000 bush
els C0rn— 31.033,000 bushels; increase, 701,000
bushels. ' 0at5— 30,613,000 bushels; Increase, 90,
--000 bushels. Rye— 5,518,000 bushels; decrease,
14,000 bushels. Barley— l,2os,ooo bushels; in
crease, 42,000 brshels.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 13— The catalogues offered
at the wool auctions to-day were large, num
bering 15,275 bales. The Continentals were by
far the largest purchasers. There was good
competition for good selection of merinos and
fine crossbreds, including many lines of greasy
merinos. Falkland Island wool was sold
briskly at 5 per cent advance.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $271,350,146; gold re
serve, $240,667,301.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Cotton easy; mld-
NEW ORLEANS, March 13.— Cotton moder-
I ate; middling. 5%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March 13.— Clearances,
$382,430; balances, $61,616.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 13.— WHEAT—
in less favor to-day except at export values,
j which at no time this season have been suf
ficient to bring it out." Most of the exporters
were quoting 57c, a few 58c for heavy Walla
Walla for milling purposes: 59c was still ob
tainable, with Valley trailing along rather
weak at nominally s!>c: blue stem, 61@61%c.
Cleared— British steamship Fausang for the
Orient with 28,085 barrel flour and miscellane
! ous cargo. ':<:•'"
WASHINGTON. -
! TACOMA, Wash., March WHEAT—
j B8c; blue stem 61@62c. • .
*
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 14 Mv
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86V4
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 1U
Fine Silver, per ounce — 53%
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week opened with a very dull
market, both on and off call, and buyers were
indifferent.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 12H@1 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 8:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second session— December— l6,ooo ctls, $1 18.
Regular morning session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 15%.
Afternoon session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 15%.
December— 6ooo, $1 17%.
BARLEY— The market was a fraction firmer,
bith on and off call.
Feed, $1 25® 1 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — Seller '99, new
—6000 ctls, $1 05 &; 10,000, $1 05%.
Second session — Seller '99, new— looo ctls,
$1 05V4 ; 2000. $1 05.
Regular morning session— Seller '99. new—
8000 ctls, »1 04%: 2000, $1 04%; 8000, 11 05.
Afternoon session— Seller '99. new— 2ooo ctls, j
$1 05; 6000, $1 05%; 2000, $1 05%; 14,000, $1 05%.
May— $1 19; 2000 $1 19%; 2000, 19%; 2000,
*1 19%.
OATS— For collection day business was good
and prices were firm. Dealers rather look for
a further advance shortly. , .
Fancy Feed $1 40@l 42% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 35@1 37%; common. $1 30@l 32%; Sur
prise. $1 45©l 50; Gray, $1 32%@1 37%: Milling.
$1 40 per ctl: Red, nominal; Black, nominal.
CORN— Apathy still characterized the mar
ket. • ? ■. - ■
Small round Yellow $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 lO@l 12%: White. $110; mixed, $1 07%@
1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 10@l 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 SSHS3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3©3 65 per bbl. • ■ ■ "- -
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 60@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75: I
Farina, $4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65@6 95; In sacks, $6 3506 75; !
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, !
$4 60 per 100 pounds.
. HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The advance in Hay continues and another
50c went on to the price yesterday. The
strength of the market is shown by the sale
of a car of Oregon wheat at $16 50. The market
has now got up so high that Increased . re
ceipts of this outside Hay are expected. What
effect they will have remains to be seen. But
dealers do not expect any decline at present
unless it rains, for supplies are very short and
it is not thought that Oregon has enough to
spare to break this market. If the dry weather
continues there, will probably be lively times
ahead, as the California crop Is not looking as
well as it did a few days ago.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— $2O@2l per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?2I(g22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
tor.; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton ; Cornmeal. . $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed Feed,
$19 60@20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 50@18 50 for
good to choice and $15@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming-in; Wheat and Oat, $14 500
17 60; Oat, $14 f,0@16 50; Island Barley, $13 50@
15; Alfalfa, $10 50@12; Stock. $3@11; Clover,
nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $15©16 50:
Cheat, $12@12 50; Grass Hay. $10©ll: Oat, $14®
15: Clover $10 50011 50; Timothy, $12@13 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The dry weather down south is sending
Lima Beans up In a lively fashion, and the
other descriptions are also hardening. Seeds
are unchanged.
BEANS — Bayos, $1 7501 85: Small Whites.
$2 10(^2 20; Large Whites. $1 80@l 90: Pinks.
$2 05@2 15; Reds. $3 25@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75®
3 83; Butters, $2 25® 2 50; Limas, $3 75@3 85; Pea,
$2 255J2 50; Red Kidneys, {2 50@2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50®4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75@4: Flax, $2 15@2 23: Ca
nary Seed, 2Vi<ff2%c per lt>: Alfalfa. B®S%c;
Rape, 2%@2%c; Hemp. 2%@3c: Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green, $2®
230 per ctl. • ♦ w •
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes have made another advance and are
very firm. Onions continue weak.
Peas declined under heavy receipts. As
paragus was also lower.
Receipts were 796 boxes Asparagus, 266 boxes
Rhubarb and 202 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers, $I@2 per dozen.
POTATOES— SI 15@1 20 per ctl for Early Rose,
$I@l 20 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marln Burbanks. $1 10@l 25 per ctl: Oregon
90cf:$l for seed and $1 25@1 40 for Burbanks;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and $1 75^)1 S3 for
Merced: New Potatoes. 3c per lb.
ONIONS— per ctl, outside quotation for
Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4c per lb for
No. 2, s!i?6e for No. 1 and 7c for fancy:
Rhubarb, 75c@$l 25 per box: Green Peas, 2 1 : ■*'(
4%c; String Beans, ; Cabbage. 40(?f!50c: To
matoes, %\<Q\ CO for Los Angeles and $1 23@1 75
for Mexican; Egg Plant. 10015 c per lb: Garlic,
7@9c per lb: Dried Okra, lac per lb: Dried Pep
pers, 10c; Green Peppers, 30c; Carrots, 25@35c
per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern came in yesterday after
noon. Game was quiet and easy.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c; live
Turkeys, 12@13c for Gobblers and 12@13c for
Hens: Geese, per pair. $1 5001 75: Goslings. $2 2."
<tj>3; Ducks. $4 60@6; Hens, $4@5; young Roost
ers. $7@7 50: old Roosters, $4©4 50; Fryers, $60
6 50; Broilers, $s©-5 50 for large, $3 50-S4 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs. ....
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese. $1®
1 25; Brant. $1 50; Honkers, $4; Hare. $1; Rab
bits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is off another fraction and the market
Is dull at the decline. Cheese is unchanged.
Eggs stand about the same, the market be
ing quiet and featureless. There is some de
mand from speculators who are putting them
Into cold storage, which prevents stocks from
accumulating.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 22c; seconds,
20®21c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17%@lDc; common,
grades, lC*?l7c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 16@17e: pickled roll,
14#16c for dairy and lC@l7c for creamery
squares: creamery tub, 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%@14c per
lb: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c: old, 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12®12%c; Young Amer
ica. 11%@12%c: Eastern, 10@l2c.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@15c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS .
Choice Apples are firm, but medium and
lower grades are weaker.
Fine sound Oranges are doing better again,
being in light supply. Lemons are weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@$l 25 for common, $1 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2'?/2 60 for choice to fancy.
' CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2@3 25
per box; Seedllnars, $10175; Mandarins. • :
Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common and $2@
250 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, — — ;
California Limes, $I@l 25 per small box:
Grape Fruit, $1 60@4: Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The situation in Honey Is serious. Owing to
the lack of rain in the south flowers are scarce,
and it is estimated that about hafc" of the bees
are either dead or dying. It is feared that the
crop will be a total failure. . . .
Dried Fruits continue stiff and a further ad
vance in Apricots and Peaches is noted. Prunes
rule firm with an increasing demand.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, 4%@
5c for 50-60's, 4@4%c for 60-70's, 3Vi@3%c for
70-80's, 2%<S3c for 80-90's, -2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 2c for 100-110" Sliver Prunes. ;
Peaches B@9c for good to choice, 9%f?10c for
fancy and — — for peeled; Apricots, 12M:<!?15c for
Royals and for Moorparks;. Evaporated
Apples, S®B%c; sun dried, 6@5%c; Black Figs,
sacks. 2®2%c: Plums, nominal, 2c for un
pltted; Pears, nominal. '
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crowii*^ 5%c for four-crown, . 4%®6c for Seed
less Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Drlea Grapes. 2%@3c.
Chestnuts, 7c per Ib: Walnuts, 80
9c for hardshell, ll@l2c for softshell; Almonds.
7®Sc ; for hardshell. 13@14c for softshell. 15017 c
for paper shell: Peanuts, &R>7c for Eastern and
4V4®r>c for California: Cocoanuts. $4 5006.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water. white extracted. 7@
7%c; light amber extracted, 6@6%c; dark, 5®
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B@B%c per Ib for
heavy, B%@9c for light medium, 10%@llo for
light, 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured: Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef, $14 500
15; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7@7%c for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 7%<SBc: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 In a case, 3%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case, S%c: 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, l or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c: fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES .AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under. the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9c: light, B@S%c; Cow
hides. B%@9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17t;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c: long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50®2 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%@3%c . per lb;
No. 2, 2%@3c, refined, 4%®5c: Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7@9c; Son Joaquln and Southern, 7
months, S@9c; Foothill and Northern free, 10©
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@Uc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14®15c; Nevada, log
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. *
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @11
Northern Mountain 6%<g> 9
Southern ...6 @ 7%
Plains :..... ...5 @6 i
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10011 c per lb for ordinary.
12<S12}£c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. j
Hogs are easy, but no lower. The other
are as follows:
descriptions remain as previously quoted.
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
BEEF— 7@Sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6V4@7%c; small. 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S@B^c per lb; Ewes, Be.
LAMB— ll@l2Hc. ,
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@5%c for large, B%@
6%c for medium and 5@3%c for small; stock
Hogs, 4%@ac; dressed Hogs, 7@9c
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Grain bags are nominal, owing to the
dry weather. Calcutta Grain Bags, sH@s%c for
June and July; Wool Bags. 26@2Sc; San Quen
tin Bags, $4 95. . . . .
Cumberland is lower. Wellington, $3
per ton; New Wellington, $8; Southfleld Wel
lington, $7 50; Seattle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay.
$5; Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $S
in bulk and $y 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $11; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock
Springs and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 in sacks. .
I SUGAR— Prices have declined. The Western
Sugar Refining , Company quotes terms net
cash: Cube, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered,- 6%c; Candy Granulated, sVic; Dry
.Granulated, s^c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C,
4%c; Golden C, 4%c; half barrels, Me more
than barrels, and boxes Me more. No order
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
:,..'■ RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. March 13.
Flour, qr sks 6,73oSugar, bbls 60
Wheat, ct15. ...... 655. Chicory, bbls 60
Barley, ctls 645 Lime, bbls 91 !
Oats, ctls... 640 Pelts, bdls 153 ;
Butter, ctls 188 Straw, tons 85 ]
Cheese, ctls 31 Hay, tons 893 I
Beans, ska 2,710 1 Leather, r0115...: 80 1
Potatoes, sks:.... 1,444 1 Wine, gals 85,800
Onions, sks ... 67 Hides, no 2,111
Bran, sks ...' 2,380 1 Quicksilver, flks. 33
Middlings, sks.... ■ 820 Eggs, doz 13,800
Shorts,- sks.' • 115 Wool, bales 87
Sugar, sks 100 ... . ... '
• OREGON.
Barley, ctls 70O| Potatoes, sks 2« !
Oats, ctls 47OiHay, tons >•
■ * ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
The week opened with a good business In
local securities. Contra Costa Water sold down j
to ?64 and Hawaiian Commercial to $79. The j
latter recovered to $80 on the afternoon call.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed.
The Comstock Pumping Association has a
balance of $23,855 in Its treasury, with all of
last month's expenses paid.
The official report of G. McM. Ross, general
manager of the Comstock Pumping Associa
tion, for the week ending March 11, says:
For the past week the pumping association :
has been engaged In work for the Gould and
Curry, Best and Belcher and Savage mining
companies, as reported In their weekly let- .
ters. No pumping has been done, as the Ris- ;
don people have decided to make several ■
changes in their discharge pipe and elevator. ■
Their men are working day and night, and it j
is expected that the machinery will arrive In I
Virginia City next week. In the meantime all
arrangements have been made here, so that
pumping may be resumed at the earliest mo
ment possible.
The following mining companies report cash
on hand February 28: Alpha Consolidated,
52276; Alta, *174, witli HOW due tne bank;
Andes $2326; Belcher, $SS2: Best and Belcher, \
MO Bullion, $1117; Caledonia, $40SS>; Chollar, I
SCU92 with bills payable of $779; Confidence, |
H3UO, with January and February mining ex- ;
prnses unpaid; Consolidated California and
Virginia, SS7SB; Consolidated New York, $.".73 ;
Con Imperial, $1601; Challenge Con., $2SI; ;
Crown Point, $IS.">4; Exchequer, $1381; Gould
and Curry, $JS37; Hale and Norcross, $15,167. ;
with bills payable of $15,500; Julia Con., 5779; ;
Justice, $3806; Mexican, $2ts-s; Ophlr, $678;
i iverman, $IS, with $1960 to be collected on
l he pending assessment and bills payable of
S^7; Potoal. $4132, with bills payable of $4000;
Savage, $7'.i13. Scorpion, J196; Sierra Nevada, i
$17,287; Silvei Hill. 171, with bills payable of i
$SSO; Standard Con., 128,753, with the Febru- i
;ry bullion product of. the mine and the ex-
I .crises f,.r that month to be accounted for;
Syndicate, $1495; Union Consolidated, $10,963.
and I tali Consolidated, $862. Seg. Belcher and
Midas Con. owed $206.
The Anglc-Calirornian Bank, Limited, is now
paying a semi-annual dividend of $1 50 per
share.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company will pay
a dividend of 25 cents per share on the 20th.
The Spring Valley Watetr Company will pay
a dividend of 41' cents per share on the 20th.
In th<- Sierra Neva. la mine the northwest
drift on tin 1 140-foot level has been extended
flaring the week 40 feet; total length 205 feet.
The face is in porphyry, cUiy and (juartz. In
the Union shaft workings of the Sierra Nevada
the south drift from the top of the upraise, 80
feet above this level, has been advanced 10 feet
during the week; total length 103 feet. The
in porphyry and clay.
The report of the work In the Consolidated
California and Virginia mine during the week |
is as follows; 1400 level— The drift has been
cleaned out, retim'oered and track laid for 96
feet, or a total distance of 360 feet. At this
point they struck the Junction of the north- i
west and southwest drifts. Both are in bad j
condition. It Is Intended to follow the north
west drift for about 3SO feet to a point where I
it intersects a north and south drift running In
the old Hopes. 1650 level— On March 4 the bulk- |
head that was built on December 23. 189S, was I
removed from the drift and the level care- \
fully examined, but little gas was found on j
the level or in the connecting drifts to the '
Ophlr shaft. The fire that occurred on Decem
ber 23 was at n point lust above the 1750 level
in the Btopes. Since opening the 1650 level they i
have been able to lay pipes and carry hose i
to points In the old Btopea between the 1650
and 1730 levels, and are now turning all the
Burface Water that was caught up on the 1650 i
level and conveyed to the Sutro tunnel Into the
old Btopes in the neighborhood of the fire that. ]
■is near as can be ascertained, was smothered !
by the bulkheads put In on the 1600 and 17f>0 '
levels In December last. They expect shortly j
to be able to open the bulkheads on the 1730-foot ]
!• 1 el. i>n the 1750-foot level the station has
be.'n finished and 150 feet of the drift repaired
and retimbered where required* Tracks have
been laid and the drift put in working order.
as they wish to get at and use the winze that
extends down Into the etopea from this level.
Work on the electric installation has been con
tlnued, nnd a little work has been done In the
shafl and in strengthening weak places in the j
several stations.
In t'e Hale an! Norcross mine they are c!ean- !
Ing out and repairing the connecting drift be
tween the main tivline and the Sutro tunnel
south lateral branch.
In the Best and Belcher and Gould and Cur
ry mines at the connection with the Oebistnn :
shaft they have been able to get Into the pump >
compartment at the station and find that some
distance above the shaft timbers have given
way, but until they are able to remove more
of the caved material they can not make a
report as to the exact condition of the shaft.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, March 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit GL. Co. 9 9Vi
4s quar coup.. 113 — Mutual El Co. 15% 15% |
4s quar reg... — — Hakland Gas.. — 60 I
4s quar new. .127^129 Pac Gas Imp.. 84 —
3s <juar coup.. — 107% Pac L. Co 45% 49
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 84% 84%
Cal-8| Call 88.U4V4118 ISan Fran 3% —
Ca! Elec 6s 12J',*127'/4 Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C Wat 5s 10S — Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund. — 225
E L, & P 65.. 130% — Bank Stocks—
F ti. Cl Ry 65.118 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Cal.. 257 258
H C& S s'/:S. — 105 Cal SD & T.. — 98%
L. AL. Co 65.. — — First Natlonl.22o 225 I
Do gntd 65..101V4101%|L0n P & A...129%133 '
Market-st 65. .127 128% Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 5h.115%116 iNev Nat 8k...175 —
NC N G R 7s. 107 — Savings Banks
N Ry (nl 85..113%114% Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55. .113 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NI 1 CX R (is. — 107 'Mutual Say.. — 41%
N P C R R 55.102%102%|8 F Say U.. 497 ft —
N Cal R R os-100 — IS & L 50.... — 1024
Oak Gas 5s 110 — Security S B 300 350
Oni C Ry 65. .129 — Union T C 0..1425. .1425 1450
P & Cl Ry 65.. 106% — Street Railroads—
P ft O 6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% I Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 58. — — Market-st 64ft 64%
SF& N P 55. 11 l 111 "4 Oak SL.& H. — —
SF & S JV55.114%115k Presidio 11 —
SierraßCal 65.104%U>5VS Powder—
S P of Ar 65.. 1121,4 112%! California ....170 180
SPC 6s (1005)im;iU E Dynamite... 87% —
SPC 6s (li>o6) — 116 Vi Giant Con Co. 60 61
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vigorit 2% 2%
SPCIs eg 53.1U5 — Sugar—
SPBr 6s 124 — Hana P C 0.... 16% —
S V Water 65.116%U7»4 Haw C & S C. 79% 79%
S V Water 45. 103 10SM Hutch S P.... 33 3SVi
S V W4s(3dm). — — Paauhau SP. 40 40%
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Miscellaneous —
Witer Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. — 110
Contra Costa.. 64% 65 Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
M;ir n Co sii — jMer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. lo2 102% Oceanic S Co.. 75% —
Gas & Electric— | Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. 105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7ft —
Cent L & P.. VA —
Morning Session.
Board—
BO Contra Costa Water 64 25
20 Contra Costa Water 64 00
50 Contra Costa Water 64 12%
25 :f|uitable Gas 9 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 00
2." Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 79 50
45 Hutchinson S P Co 33 12% j
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 00
95 Market-st Railway 64 50
80 Oceanic S S Co 75 50
210 Paauhau S P Co 40 50
50 Paauhau S «P Co 40 37%
50 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 1 50
100 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 1 37% \
$1000 SF&N PRy bonds 11l 25 i
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50 j
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 84 37% j
4 S V Water 102 00
Street—
20 Oakland Gas 49 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 Alaska Packers' Association U0 00
100 Alaska Packers Association 1W 75
190 Contra Costa Water g w
"5 Equitable Ga5...... •• •••• 16 12^
60 Hana Plantation Co " 2 f*
GO liana Plantation C 0... 80 0 0
SO Hawaiian Commercla & Sugar »« "
110 Hawaiian Commerce & Sugar 79 87*
50 Hawaiian Commercial & buga . r^:",J? gA
$11,000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bds..llo m
300 Market-st Railway ••v;• •• ; * ' \?, 00
$4000 North Ry of Cal 5 fier cent b0nd5... 113 0J
10 Paauhau S P Co Vi il 7 *
100 Paauhau S P Co Z, M
20 Pacific Gas Imp Vk "«■<{»" "i»4 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent b0nd5.... 124 00
$6000 S V 4 per cent bonds ™? „"
$1000 S F & S J V bonds "» '"
$6000 S F & N P Ry bonds "i »
10 S V Water •. JXS 00
$100 U S 3 per cent bonds lv ' w
Street — ii.viJf-~ » '-. i-n 00
24 California Powder liv uv
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— . . rjir '
100 Par Aux Fire Alarm I lij*
85 Hutchinson S P C 0..... « 3. 
35 Oceanic S S Co ™ ™
150 Vlgorlt Powder * '*
Street — .. -.
5 Pac Gas Imp 8 7o
Afternoon Session.
Board — 9 _.
250 Vlgorlt Powder .* i*
15 Paauhau SP Co • *<> m
20 S V Water 10 .- ™
30 Market-st Railway M »"
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
300 Belcher 20 100 Gould & Curry. 40
700 Best & Belcher 51 500 Lady Wash.... 0
-50 Best & Belcher 52 100 Mexican <l
100 Challenge 27 200 Ophir 10°
200 Chollar 34 100 Seg Belcher.... 03
200 Chollar 33 100 Sierra Nev 1 »
200 Con Cal & V...1 80 50 Standard Z 7.>
300 Crown Point... 19 200 Union. Con Bo
900 Gould & Curry. 39 100 Union Con &*
200 Gould & Curry. 41 100 Utah **
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 06 600 Lady Wash.... 02
100 Andes 17 300 Mexican 71 I
200 Belcher 20 200 Mexican <•>
400 Belcher 19 150 Ophir 105
5 Belcher .25 500 Potosl 25
100 Belcher 181 100 Potosi 26
700 Best & Belcher 511 500 Savage 28
500 Bullion ......;.. 041 400 Sierra Nev 130
100 Challenge 28 300 Union Con 5o
400 Con Cal & V...1 80 300 Union Con 64
300 Gould & Curry. 39 500 Utah » 9
200 Hale & Norcrs. 32 i 300 Yellow Jacket.. .1
200 Justice ......... 211 70 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
200 Alpha Con 06 1 600 Mexican 72
300 Andes ....:..... 191 700 Ophir '»■'
200 Belcher 20 1 800 Ophir 110
1100 Best & Belcher 51 200 Potosi 28
300 Best & Belcher 53 400 Savage 26
200 Chollar 35 j 600 Sierra Nev 12;.
500 Con Cal & V...1 80 200 Sierra Nev 1 35
800 Con Cal & V.I 77' i! 600 Sierra Nev 1 30
1300 Con Cal & V.I 82V> 200 Sierra Nev...l 32%
950 Con Cal & V...1 85 500 Union Con 54
300 Crown Point... 18 300 Union Con 55
300 Crown Point... 19 500 Union Con 56
300 Hale & Norcrs. 32 500 Union Con 67
400 Justice 20
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 63 300 Ophtr 1 10
300 Best & Belcher 52 j 600 Ophlr 1 07Vi
700 Best & Belcher 51 ! 800 Ophir 1 05
200 Challenge Con. 29! 300 Potosi 27
800 Con Cal & V...1 80 j 300 Potosi 26
500 Con Cal &V.l 77% I 700 Savage 25
500 Gould & Curry. 41 1 500 Sierra Nev 1 30
300 Gould & Curry. 39 400 Sierra Nev...l J7%
300 Gould & Curry. 401 250 Union Con 67
400 Justice 21 600 Union Con 58
200 Mexican 73 300 Utah 19
200 Mexican 72 300 Utah 18
600 Mexican 701
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
COAST OF OREGON.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland. Or.. March 10. 1899.
Notice Is hereby given that the Alseya River
buoy, a first-class can, black and white per
pendicular stripes, marked with the letter "A"
In white, heretofore reported gone adrift, has
been replaced on Its station on the coast of
Orecon, southwest by west H west from the
entrance to Alseya River, about one mile out
side the bar.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, IS9B, payee 37 and 41.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
GEORGE C. REITER.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, MARCH 14.
Un rises 6:21
un sets 6:17
toon sets 9:51 p. m.
Time Time I Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IHWLW H W L W
.. 0:49 5.8 7:06 0.2 1:40 4.9 7:03 1.8
... 1:26 6.8 8:01 0.3 2:40 4.4 7:44 2.3
... 2:08 5.6 9:01 0.4 3:51 4.1 8:30 2.8
... 2:54 5.4 10:06 0.5 5:14 3.9 9:30 2.8
... 3:50 5.2 11:16 0.5 6:41 4.0 10:50 3.2
... 4:45 4.9 12:26 0.6 7:50 4.3
L W IH W L W! H W
... 0:16 3.2! 6:06 4.61 1:16 0.6 8:35 4.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, us sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
Tnited States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
ihe dppth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Czarina Seattle Mar. 14
Area Coos Bay Mar. 14
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay I Mar. 15
Orizaba [Newport Mar. 15
Fulton (Portland .' Mar. 15
Washtenaw [Tacoma Mar. 15
C. Nelson Puget Sound Mar. 15
Newburg |Grays Harbor Mar. 16
State of Ca1.... [Portland Mar. 16
Acapulco (Panama Mar. 16
Point Arena IPolnt Arena Mar. 16
Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 16
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 17
China China and Japan Mar. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 17
Wyefield INanaimo Mar. 17
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 18
Weeott (Coos Bay Mar. 18
Pomona |Humboldt Mar. 18
Wellington.;.... Departure Bay Mar. IS
Coos Bay INewport Mar. 19
"Leelanaw 'Seattle (Mar. 19
Luella ITlllamook Mar. 19
Colon iPanama Mar. 20
Columbia |Portland Mar. 21
Corona ...|San Diego Mar. 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
(Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 24
Mar. IS, 2pm Pier 9
Mar. 15, 11 am Pier 11
Mar. 15, 3 pm Pier 2
Mar. 16. 10 am Pier 13
Mar. 17, 9 am Pier 11
Mar. 17, 1 pm PMSS
Mar; 17, 10 am Pier 9
| Mar. 17, 6 pm Pier 13
Mar. 17. 2 pmj Pier 13
Mar. 18. 3 Pier 2
Mar. IS, 12 m PMSS
Mar. 19, 10 am Pier 24
Mar. 19, 11 am Pier 11
Mar. 19, 10 am Pier 2
Mar. 20, 5 pm Pier 13
Mar. 20, 12 m PMSS
Mar. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland I
Pomona ...IHumboldt :
Corona San Diego I
Aloha Point Arena..
Areata Coos Bay
Orizaba Newport
Hongk'g M.i China & Japn'
Umatilla '.. Vie & Pgt Sd.
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay ]
Chllkat .... Humboldt I
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena..'
Costa Rica. Acapulco I
State of Portland
Santa Rosa San Diego
C. Nelson.. [Puget Sound..
Weeott .... Yaqulna Bay.
Acapulco .. Panama
Coos Bay . ■ ■ (Newport '
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
March 13, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, TJ. S. N.. in charge.
shipping INTELLIGENCE:.
ARRIVED.
Monday, March 13.
Sttnr Umattlla, Cousins, 64 hours from Vic
toria.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 65H hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Townsend. Hughes, 41 hours from Co
quille River.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Foeen. 57 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 76 hours from Grays
Harbor.
U 8 torpedo boat Fox, Hlnkle, 45 hours from
Astoria.
Ship Columbia, Nelson, 9 days from Ta
coma.
Ship America, Harding, 11 days from De
parture Bay.
Ship Oriental. Parker, 14 days from Seattle,
via Clallam Bay 8 days.
Bark Gatherer, Stokkobye. 9 days from Ta-
C0 R n a a r'k Coryphene. Erickson. 19 days from Port
B E e LSh C e m p B e a ters 9 on d^ day, from
/ Sa m h°r n Eureka, Asplund. 6 days from Coquill.
R Sch r r Archie and Fontle. Jesson. 8 hours from
F '4 hr To Wall. Bjernstrom. 36 hours from
E Schr a james A Garfleld. Lewis. 9 days from
K Sch P r P LITy. Bottger. 5 day, from Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Monday. March 13.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro; Qoodall.
s r c3umb«a. Green. Astoria: Oregon Rail-
r °lt d m a n MSa Eat D; n yi C d O Nanaimo; Pacific Im
provement Company. Brown. New v i.. John
Ship AVm H Smith, Brown. New York. Jonn
Rosenfeld"s Sons.
SAILED. I „
Monday. March 13.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. Moss Landing.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Chllkat. Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Jeanie. Mason.
Simr Ruth. Strand.
Stmr Alcatraz. Gundreson. _.„„,._
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Eureka.
Schr Nettle Low. Low. Point R \es .
Schr Alice Cooke. Penhallow. Honolulu. ;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 13, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
MEMORANDUM. ' '-
Per stmr Alliance— Passed schr Antelope, off
Coauille River. Had been 10 days laying off the
b! per stmr Pomona— Stmr Brunswick and schr
Occidental, bar bound.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Arrived March 13— Stmr Newsboy, hno
TACOMA-Sailed March "-SchrLena.Swa
sey for San Francisco. March 9— Schr R w
Abble. for
! S N*E^VPORT (S)-Arrived March 13-Stmr Al
catraz, from Eureka.
Sailed March 13-Stmr Alcatraz. for — -.
PORT TOWNS END— Arrived March Stmr
F EVER n ETT°-Sa I ?led a March 13-Schr Sailor Boy.
f °COO a BAY-ArHved March 11-Stmr Arcata.
hence March 9 March 13-Stmr Weeott^ henca
March 10; sails March 14 for Taqulna Bay
POINT ARENA— March 13— Schr J Ep-
Pl A| 6RrA-A n rHved C M C a O C h 13-Br ship How
a^,?edX rch f^sVm n r« WE.de, for Saa
Francisco. March 12— Stmr Fulton, for San
F GRAYS" HARBOR-Sailed March 11-Schr
I M SSTn PEDRO^ArVIveS M^rch^-Schr Alice.
VENTUKA-Arrlvcd March 13-Stmr George
Lnomls. hence March 12. George Loom!., for
Sailed March 13— Stmr George Loomiß, for
Sa s I EATT 1 LE-Salled March 13-Shlp Spartan,
for San Francisco: stmr Signal, for .
Arrived March 13— Stmr Farallon, from Dyea.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— March 11— Ship Wachu
-8e HAKODATE-Sailed llarch 13-Schr J D Tal
la cOLON— An-ived March 10— Stmr Finance.
COLON— Arrived March 10— Stmr Finance.
fr 8 KONG— Sailed March 11— Br stmr Len
°ANTWER p-Sallea March 9— Br bark Inve
rßmsay. for San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
IJ^ Steamers leave Broadway
TOW., ■ wharf, San Francisco:
hßbh, For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
BB^bte. Mar. 12, 17. 22. 27; Apr. 1:
lirMßatlra change at Seattle.
I ISRaSl^al For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
tsMlC^aM B.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
P^'ll^aßSa Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17, 22.
17; Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. M
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Mar.
10. 15, 20, 25, 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. _,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Mar. 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter. _■-■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a,
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27, 31; Apr. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabc, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 10;
April 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without Drevious notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. '■ '■'■'
TICKET OKFIOB-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI - First Ma** including Berth*
rMnt S3 Second Claii and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
8, '18, 23.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
fMMfaMSjfl 8 - S. alameda.
'JEUHIr sails via Honolulu and
• !&*»*■■** Auckland for Sydney
U™ Wednesday. March 22.
(StS — [•"'N at 10 p. m.
>fwnrchinJ The 8 - s - Australia
GXwIIIDIIIU sails for Honolulu
YRmFffIPU» Wednesday, April 5.
vyiiipuiccp at 2 p. m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc.: 1610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. H4Montgomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market SL
Compapie Generals Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE), Sailing every Saturday <**<?*>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ■ TWiPr'h
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE March H
LA TOURAINE March 25
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8 ,
LA BRETAGNE April 15
First class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco. .'
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. fas*
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Railing.
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 1J
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May •
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlo*.
4*l Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS. :
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St. Paul.... February Him. Paul .March If
Bt. Louis March I 1 at. L0ui5...... March a
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 1J noon.
Kensington.... HlSouthwark March I
Noordland Feb'y 21 Westernland.. March 1*
Friesland March 1 1 Kensington.... March 2)
fcMPIRF. LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For lull information regarding freight and pa*.
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
10 Montgomery St.. • ny of Its. agencies
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LIN T
PARIS-LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
N. V.— CHERBOURG (PARIS)— HAMBURO.
Tor sailings, etc., apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN Line. 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Saneome, and
118 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STjsiAKEBa.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
■ Steamer "Montlcello."
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9-45 a.
m., 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m. 8 r> m
Landing and office. Misslon-st. Dock. "pier No! -
-8. Telephone. Main KOB. * I
FARE *!........«...„.,.. We '"CHAW" CASEY
WOULD NOT
FIGHT DOGS
There Wasn't Any
Real Fight Anyhow.
AND HE DIDN'T PROMOTE IT
WITNESSES AS VERBOSE AS A
BASKET OF CLAJ4S,
The Lawyer for the Defence Tells
Them What to Say, axxd so
Achieves a Glorious
Victory.
Chaw, Casey has been vindicated. No
officer of the law can point a finger at
Chaw ar.d say correctly, "You done it."
lie goes fortrt among his fellow men free.
The awful charge of being a dog fighter
r.o longer hangs over him. However, that
he celebrated his triumph by giving a
pijik tea to the other gentlemen who were
with him at the pit, and who have yet to
.strata that they share with him
the benison of an innocence complete and
childlike, is believed to be a canard.
The trial was resumed and finished yes
terday afternoon. It had been announced
to open at 2 p. m. and in Judge Tread
■well's court. This, of course, was suffi
cient reason for its resumption at 2:40 in
the court of Judge Mogan. The apart
ment was filled when Acting Police Judge
Barry called time. On a front seat. was
Chaw, the center of a throng of admiring'
friends. They seemed to hang on the
■words of the great man and to yearn for
his smile. Close to him sat one Riley.
whose ordinary title lacks the refinement
•"Chaw" and 13 naturally omitted.
The star performer was Attorney Mack.
He grew reel of countenance at the slight
est provocation, swung: his arms fear-
Eomely, and wouldn't let a witness say a
word" that in the judgment of the lawyer
lor the defense should not be said. .He
winked almost audibly, held up warning
fingers, and if physical contortions failed
to convey his meaning, coached with the
bawling vociferation of a man steering a
base-runner. Occasionally the Judge
mildly sought to check him, and Prose
cuting Attorney Carpenter entered warm
ish protests, but only when he got
through did Mack stop. He articulated
Ireely, except as the aspirant H came !
along. This he dropped so frequently !
that had it been i material instead of
ethereal he would at adjournment have >,
stood at least knee deep in H's.
Perhaps, unconsciously to both, a subtile I
bond ot sympathy existed between the I
court and Chaw's legal defender. Each
would be bald on top were nature per- i
mitted to take its course, and each has
cultivated certain locks to about the
length of a horse's tail, these being deftly
draped aloft and glued. Yet this' is a
trifle, and could have no real bearing on
the issue.
The first witness was Grocer Mehan.
With manifest diffidence he told his name.
His embarrassment was painful when he
had to tell where he lived. He pleaded
that he might "degrade, humiliate or in
riminate" nimself. He pleaded simllarly
rhen' asked whether there was a base
le'hf under his house. At every question j
lack jumped up to object, describing the >
•ltness as an accomplice of Casey's. At- ,
torney Carpenter was willing to accept I
his as a plea of guilty, but Mack could j
ot agree, although he still stuck to the
hrase. Possibly Mack will now consider
lat as Chaw's purity, has been ' made
nown to the world an "accomplice"
lust "be equally pure. -, : : ■ _-.
Mehan finally did manage to admit that i
c knew where he lived, but that wicked !
icn bent upon the iniquity of dog-fighting
ad designed to sully the integrity of his j
premises he could not be brought to de
clare. He 'thought he knew Casey, al- i
though the hesitancy of his reply was in- :
dicative of doubt, but whether he ..had
leased that basement to Casey or any
body else he declined to say. He thought j
he nad seen men go into the basement
February 19, but did not recognize any
of them. " Had he seen any dogs there? !
No. indeed. ■ -.
Carpenter wanted to ask questions de- !
Figned to extract information from the
witness.' but Mack promptly pointed out
tho wanton illegality of every such ques- :
tion and the court sustained the objec- j
tion, h's ruling being in effect that a wit
ness had a right to decide for himself j
whether or not to reply. Thereupon Car- ,
penter took off his glasses for the four
hundred- and fifth time and made foren
elc ado over Mack's verbal Instructions to
the witness. If Mack felt momentarily
lepressed he came back like a released
spring a second later. { '~j '
When Mehan left the stand there had
-teec-n' yielded toy him as much detail con
cerning Casey and the unfought" light as
by hydraulic pressure there might have i
been "squeezed blood from a turnip.
The-fc-econd- witness was a smooth-faced
boy named McVicker. Of course he could
r.ot expect - to place upon reticence the
value ascribed to it by the older and
wiser Mehan, but with cultivation he will
reach the Mehan standard after a while.
Nobody' accused the lad of lying, for be
sides a feeling or kindness toward the err
ing young McVicker is a husky boy. He
would no; say a word to in any manner
Incriminate Chaw, making the plea that
a= he-was arrested at the -same time he
might incriminate himself. Then Carpen
ter figured out a coup d'etat warranted,
not to rip. ravel nor run in the wash. He
moved, that the case against McVicker be
dismissed, and then there was presented
the peculiar spectacle of a defendant's
attorney arguing that his client be held
for trial. It did not work. Barry granted
the motion, and the joy of being able to
- incriminate, himself was no longer Mc-
Vicker's. Carpenter took off his glasses
for the six hundred and tenth time and
with the air of a victor renewed the in
quisition.
Alas for his hop". The coup d'etat
was counterfeit. McVicker would not re
veal tha mystery of the basement. He
had seen nothing there indicative of un
friendly contention between canjnes. The
dogs had been there, to be sure/but they
represented either sex. and for aught the
witness knew were there for friendly pur
poses. , He had not heard a word about
a fi-ghrt. Somebody had mentioned the
' subject. of breeding. Casey had been
I there,- too, but not near the dogs,- and no- j
body hijd shown the least desire to pro
mote a. conflict.
'Carpehte-r next tried to Impeach his
own witness, and when this boon was "de
nied him', quit fii disgust. Neither law
yer made much of a speech. One as
serted -that the dog fight and the presence i
and active interest of Casey had been j
proved; the other that, there had been
nothing to hint at the possibility that a
fight had been contemplated, or that, had '
such an event been planned, nothing to j
connect with It the spotless Chaw. He
stood before the community, did Chaw,
a maligned and misrepresented individual.
with no more inclination toward dog
fighting- than an angel .toward poker.
ThesE: were nut riis • precise words,' but
they convey the Idea. . ' — -
The Court agreed with Mack. He paid
that while he did not approve of • dog
fighting and would be glad to judicially j
eoak anybody guilty of conniving at it, the
prosecution had not made out a case.
There was a cheer, quickly scared to j
silence by -the menacing eye of the court.
Carpenter took off his glasses tho nine
hundred ■ and forty-seventh time, and
the rabble "scooted," all anxious to get
close tr.Qugh to Chaw. get a tip on the j
next dog-iight he did not intend to ar- j
The" status seems to re . about this: j
There was no dog-fight thought of. If I
there was, the gentlemen clustered
around the pit knew nothing of It. - If
any in the lot had' known it would not
have been Casey. Probably the dogs were
In the basement by accident, anyhow, and
the* spectators happened in to discuss a
plan for the spread of mission work
among the heathen. A
But to get a certificate of/ guilelessnesa
must have been it surprise/to Chaw.
». ■
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Burti «.nd Larkin *ta. Swimming. Russian, hot 1
and cold tub baths. £ait water direct from, ocean.
INHALED DEADLY GAS
AS THEY SLUMBERED
Edward Harrington and Mrs. Emma Skirm Almost
Asphyxiated Under Peculiar Circumstances.
■ -nriWARD HARRINGTON, a deputy In the office of Assessor Dodge, and Mrs. Emma Skirm. who Is better known In
™ L this city Mrs. Oaborne.' with whom he was living, were Kmnd partially asphyxiated by gas in room 52 of the fourth
1 P floor of the Grand Southern ■ Hotel, corner of Seventh and Mission streets, at 11 clock yesterday morning. *
¥ J^noor They were hurriedly removed to the Receiving Hospital, where every possible effort was made to resuscitate
I them For a while the efforts of the attending physicians were unavailing, but toward evening Harrington recovered
* consciousness and by 10 o'clock last night was able to sit up and was pronounced out of danger.
*: ° The Roman's condition was far more serious, and from the first there was but little hope for her. For hours she
* lay motionless and almost breathless, but toward midnight she rallied a little, and while she was unable to speak she ap
|i oarentlv recocnized those about her. discovered by the Japanese sen-ant a few minutes before U o'clock when ■he
1 The odor of escaping gas was first discovered by the Japanese servant a few minutes before 11 o clock when he
* went to clean up the room. After trying in vain to open the door he rushed to the office and notified the clerk. J. M.
$ Bonacina «on of the proprietor. Mr. Bonacina and J. MacFarland. a lodger, accompanied the frightened Japanese to
* the fourth floor, and as the. door of Harrington's room was locked on the inside the servant was compelled to force an
* entrance through one of the windows from the balcony. When Bonacina and MacFarland finally gained an entrance into
*' the room Harrington and the woman were lying on the bed unconscious and attired only in their night clothes, while
X the eas was pouring from one of the burners of the chandelier. The other Jet was burning brightly. Dr. Burritt N.
* Dow was summoned and responded promptly. A message was also sent to police headquarters and Dr. Rinne soon
* reached the hotel with an ambulance. The patients were hurrted to the Receiving Hospital, where Drs. Bunnell and
* rilnne worked over them all the. afternoon before Harrington gave any indication of returning consciousness. His re
% cowry is due to a strong constitution, the lack of which in the case of the woman, together with weak heart action,
* ren There is considerable mystery as to how the gas came to be turned on. and while it was at first thought that the af
* fair would be shown to have been a double attempt to commit suicide, the accident theory now seems to be more gen
<* orally accented" There is a chandelier with two burners in the room. The tin had been removed from one of the burners
* and the opening plugged with putty by the landlord in order to prevent guests from using the fluid for cooking purposes,
■$ The cutty had' Been picked out and the cock was turned full on. The other burner was lighted, and this fact caused con
* siderable surprise until it was explained that gas being heavier than air an explosion could not occur until the deadly
•* fluid nearly filled the room. Under the foot of the bed was a wooden box containing a small gas stove and a long rubber
<& tube coins to prove that despite the precautions of the landlord the occupants of the" room were in the habit of cook
% ing their meals in the apartment. The presence of some provisions in one of the bureau drawers served to bear out this
% C :lC S arrijyrton la well known In political circles. He has always been regarded as the right hand man of James Nealon.
f and was appointed' a deputy by the latter when he was elected Assessor in ISBS. After Nealon went out of office Harrlng
■ ton was out in the cold until the election of Whelan as Sheriff, under whom he served as deputy. The first of the present
5 -ear found him again on the outside, but he secured an appointment as deputy in Assessor Dodge's, office, through the
* influence of friends and went to work a week ago yesterday. Harrington was known as a hard drinker and was once
<?> suspended by Sheriff Whelan for getting drunk while In search of an escaped prisoner. His friends claim, however, that
* he has not drunk anything since the first of the year. No intoxicants were found in the room, and Night Clerk Holmes
* of the Grand Southern says Harrington was sober when he returned home at 11:30 Sunday night.
5 Mr. Holmes says Mrs. Skirm, or Mrs. Harrington, as she was known at the hotel, went out at about 10 o'clock Sun-
day night but he could not say what time she returned.
2 ' Harrington was divorced from his wife about ten months ago, and the latter is said to be living in Sacramento. He
•V had been living with the Skirm woman at the Grand Southern since last October. J. M. Bonacina, the proprietor, said
* they were very quiet and orderly, f -'
* Mrs. skirm is also divorced, and her ex-husband and 17-year-old daughter are now residing in Stockton, her former
'%' home ■ She has relatives in Santa Cruz and this city. ■ <i, ■'
* Two young women visited the Receiving Hospital last night and identified her as a relative, but refused to give her
*? name They remained with her until assured by Dr. Zabala that the woman had an even chance to recover.
*- ' Harrington was visited by his brother, Neal, and a married sister, who remained with him all the afternoon and
*most of the night.
W *. W '^''t'*t''^ If .t*t'* AJ H u H^' < ' A<t^ l 'f ■•>4tAMS>MAItS»IAIf Hail<)lt^SAII^MS)«S)»S)<IS>IISill^MSfAl
WALLS OF THE
BALDWIN MUST
BE CUT DOWN
The Supervisors Take
Definite Action.
MENACE TO PUBLIC SAFETY
A TRIPLE-TRACK SYSTEM FOR
MONTGOMERY STREET.
North Central Improvement Asso
ciation Suggests How Market
Street Railway Company
Can Be Accommodated.
The Supervisors took a decided stand
at their meeting yesterday regarding the
removal of Ac ruins of the Baldwin
Hotel. The matter was brought to the
attention of the members by a request
for the removal of the fence on the Ellis
street sin>. This takes up all the side
walk and a portion of the street. Super
visor Deasy suggested that the removal
of the fence would not do away with all
the objection.
At the suggestion of Mayor Phelan he
presented a resolution later in the ses
sion directing Chief Sullivan of the Fire
Department to take down the walls of the
entire structure. The intention of the
Supervisors is to have the walls razed
at once to prevent accidents to pass
ers-by.
The following communication regarding
the granting of permission to the Market
Street Railway Company to operate its
lines on down town streets was referred
to the Street Committee:
The North Central Improvement Associa
tion, consisting of property-owners In the
business district of San Francisco bounded
by K«arny street on the west, California
street on the south, the bay on the east
and north, desires to request your honor
able board to grant the -Market-street Rail
way Company the franchises asked for on
Bush street, between Sansome and Grant
avenue, on Grant avenue, between Bush
and Geary streets, in accordance with the
carrying out of the following plan: To
continue the Post-street line along Mont
gomery street to Jackson by a triple track
system which will leave a space of about
eleven feet between the outside track and
the curb, eubstituttng electricity for cable
on the entire route, and to construct a new
electric line (double tracks) from Jameson
street along Sonsome to Bush, to Grant
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MABCH 14, 1899.
avenue, to Popt. to Geary, to Taylor, to
Market, down Sixth to Brannan. subject
to the condition that the railway company
beplns work immediately. That It pave
between the tracks and for the required
number of feet outside the tracks with
bitumen before any cars are operated on
either route, and that work shall bestn In
the downtown district, either at the enrnpr
of Jackson and Montgomery streets or at
the corner of Jackson and Sansome streets.
\\> desire further to state that we had
given this matter rareful thought and con
sideration before filing our petition with
your hnnorafil" board on the Sth of last
month to grant the necessary authority to
the railway company to operate cars with
electricity on certain streets. The plan
then suggested contemplated a single-track
■Mtem along Montgomery and Sansome
Ftre^ts. cara running only one way on each
street. Although this was not entirely to
our satisfaction, it was obvious that Mont
gomery street Was fntlrely too narrow for
double tracks. The triple-track system
overcomes this difficulty, leaving ampif>
room hftw-en tracks an.i curbs for wagons
and buggies. Hapld transit In our district
Is a vital necessity, the lacK of which is
pausing property-owners the loss of tenants
and a consequent depreciation in rents and
In the value of property.
The underground system is very expen
sive, both to construct and to operate, and
in view of the experiments now In progress
we are assured the building of this pro
jected line will be delayed for a oonsider
able time unless the overhead system is
used. Such delay would be an injustice to
us.
City and County Attorney Lane was re
quested to furnish the board with an
opinion as to the power of the board in
the matter of compelling the Sutter-street
company to comply witn a recent ro'iucst
of the board. This was to corrugate the
Btone blocks on that portion of the street
which should be kept In order by the
company.
The attention of the managers of the.
City Improvement Company was called
to the fact that a complaint had been
lodged with the board to the effect that
the company was working its men over
eight hours a day. Under the statutes
and the terms of the contract with the
city eight hours constitute a day's labor.
it was determined that lamp posts
which are not used for lighting purposes
shall be allowed to remain standing as
long as they are required by the Post
Office: S. W. Cor. Post and Powell Streets, Telephone:
Opposite Union Square. . Main 5713.
Pierce- Rodolph
Responsible Firm. £* j s~+
Low Rates. vO*
Storage, Moving,
Packing, Shipping.
Fireproof Warehouses. Covered Vans.
Lowest Rates—Packing and Shipping.
office Department for attaching mail
boxes. The posts are to be fitter! with
ornamental tops and are to be kept paint
ed at the expense of the Postal Depart
ment.
An order was presented by Supervisor
Aißeltinger prohibiting builders from de
positing material on streets or alloys
within the fire limits, during the u.ir
inn down, erection or repairing of any
building.
The communication from Health Officer
A. P. O'Brien regarding a cesspool on the
grounds of the Affiliated Colleges was re
ferred to the Street Committee. He urged
the necessity ct hasty action as the
health of hundreds of students was
menaced.
City and County Attorney Lane sent a
communication Informing the board that
it was impossible to give the correct lo
cation of Dorland street, between Dolores
and Church streets, without complete ab
stracts showing the dedication of the
street, if any was made.
John F. Boyd requested that the police
patrol box located at the southwest cor
ner of Third and Howard streets bo re
moved to some less conspicuous locality
In the neighborhood. He complains that
it has been a detriment to his property
and an annoyance to his tenants.
Secretary George R. Kibbe, of the Gas
Consumers 1 Association, asked that th<->
association be permitted to appear before
the board regarding the removal of us
gas regulators from public buildings
N. Schleslnger offered to sell to the city
for park purpose*, the two blocks of land
bounded by Eighteenth and Twentieth
Dolores and Church streets, for $3<»0.n00.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs asked the board to reconsider Its
recent action against a main sewer for
Ocean View district. The matter was re
ferred to the Street Committee. The fed
eration Indorsed the protest of the West
of Castro Street Improvement Club
against the blasting now being done at
Douglass and Clipper streets.
The application of President James H
Kennedy, of the Excelsior Athletic ciuh,
for a boxing permit for some evening be
tween the Ist and 15th of April was re
ferred to the Health and Police Com
mittee.
K. P. Heller requested exemption from
poll tax on the ground that he is a mem-
ber of the National Guard of California
and thus exempt under the law. The re
auest was referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee.
The board of "directors of the Produc
ers' Association asked that the city set
apart $500,000 each year for the benefit of
the unemployed, and also that the street
railroads be taken from their owners ana
operated in the interest of the whole
people.
The additional appropriation of $10,500
was allowed Tax Collector Stveehan out
of the general fund with which to con
duct his office from March until the end
of the fiscal year, June 30, 1599.
All bids opened at the board meeting
of January 3 for the paving of Morton
street, between Kearney street and Grant
avenue, were rejected.
USED BLANK CARTRIDGES.
Frank Nickel Arrested for Threaten
ing His Sister's Life.
"I want him charged with threatening
my life and trying to kill me."
Thus spoke Mrs. Annie Bond, a pre
possessing young woman, as she entered
the City Prison last night, accompanied
by her brother. Frank Nickel, who was
under arrest, and Policeman Minnehan.
"He has repeatedly threatened to kill
me," she tearfully remarked, ' but I did
not fear him until he aimed a revolver
at me and fired. I immediately ran from
the house, and meeting the police officer
told him of my brother's attempt to kill
me. I want him sent to jail, as I know
he will injure me unless he is punished."
Mrs. Bond is the wife of Dr. Bond,
whose- domestic troubles have already
been aired in the Superior Court. Accord
ing to her story she went to visit her
mother, who lives at 270 Shipley street,
last evening, when her brother picked up
a small table and threw it at her. As she
ran from the house he drew a revolver
loaded with blank cartridges and fired
three shots at her. Meeting Policeman
Minnehan she told him of the trouble, and
going to the -house he placed Nickel under
arrest. At the City Prison he was
charged with threats against life and dis
charging firearms within the city limits.
Mrs. Bond cannot account for her
brother's conduct except that he has been
drinking heavily, so she claims, and that
his mind is deranged through ths exces
sive use of liquor.
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
Denounce the Old Board and Object to
the Term "Life Tenure."
The San Francisco Teachers' Club met
In the Mercantile Library building last
night and listened to a report from F.
H. Clark, chairman of the committee on
municipal relations. The report briefly
covered the ground of the salary troubles
with the old School Board, terminating
In a condemnation of .the methods of
that body. It also contained a resolution
regarding the common expression of
"life tenure in office for teachers." The
report quoted sections of the civil laws
which show that teachers are elected and
can at any time be deposed for incom
petency or misconduct. In the face of
this, it was argued, there can be no such
thing as life tenure.
The concluding paragraph in the reso
lution, relating to the experiences of the
teachers in the closing months of the last
year, is worthy of attention. It is as
follows:
"We desire to call attention to the fact
that the continuances of teachers at their
posts of duty during the long period of
collapse of the .financial management of
the department proves that their service
is above that of the mere hireling: that
they serve for the cause and not the pay
alone, in no danger of forgetting that th-:
teacher exists for the school and not the
school for the teacher."
For Paving Valencia Street.
The Business Men's Association, recent
ly organized on Valencia street, will urge
on the Supervisors the necessity of hay- ;
Ing: Valencia street paved with bitumen j
from Market to Twenty-eighth. A rough
estimate of the expense has been figured;
on by the board or directors of the asso
ciation. It will cost in the neighborhood
of $53,000 and the members of fhe organi- i
zation consider it is no more than just j
that the city should bear the expense, in- ,
asmuch as Valencia street is one of the
principal thoroughfares leading out of the '
city proper into San Mateo County. All
other local improvements in the vicinity
of Valencia street will be made subservi- ;
ent to this. The committee having charge
of securing signatures to a petition for
this purpose are meeting with encourag- I
nvnt from property and mer
chants, not only on the line of the street
affected, but from a wide circle on both
Bides of-it. • ,•■•:«: ■ .-- _^^____
" ADVERTISEMENTS. .
• An Excellent Combination.
i The pleasant method and beneficial
• iffects of the well known remedy,
SrRUf- pF Figs, manufactured by the
. California Fio Syrup Co., illustrate
. the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
■ jive principles of plants known to be
; . medicinally laxative and presenting
| hem in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
. is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
: tive, cleansing the system effectually.
\ dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
. gently yet promptly and enabling one
: to overcome- habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
; every objectionable quality and sub-
. stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
• liver and bowels, without weakening
: or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative. .
i In the process of manufacturing figs
i are used, as they are pleasant to the
[ taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
, other aromatic plants, by a method
1 known to the California Fig Syrup
1 Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
i effects and to avoid imitations, please
i remember the full name of the Company
: printed on the front of every package.
: CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
; . - • SAN FRANCISCO, CAX..
LOtnBVIX,t,E. KY. i, NEW YORK, W. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
. pTJTOOOO OO OO O O CTOO"O Q
j>w PALACE W S
\GRANO»9XBbs%
? BAH MAHCI9CO. q
V OMUMclea by a oov«r«d f.»*sageway. fi
0 1400 Roams— With Bath Attached. «
D All tinder One Man«««iueat M
©•; - -: - BQTB THI ?B1018: v- : c a
IT Buropo«» Plan.lX.OO p«r day and upward a
P Aawrlcan rian.sB.Co per da* and upward a
f% COrr«*pondenc« Solicited. Q
X 'Cmf 0. EIftEPA?SICK, Xtaaftr. q !
Q&CLQ O QO OOOQO OO O O OjO \
DR.MCNULTY: ]
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABf.K OLD^
--I Specialiat cure.i Nervous, and Blood Dls- ;
eases o; Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and j
Wenltneswes of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HourH9
t03da1iy:6.30t09:30 • v ( inndaTa, !0to!2. consul- !
tation free and sacredly conHdenrial. Call.oraaaress i
P. JIOSCOE McXI'LTY, M.D.
•ifl" : Kraniy tit., San Francisco. Cal. i
«- V* *«>i m Pig aii a ncn-rol.«onot5» '
. ,^rtMHrif"T3fegij remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jgSBSjrcVHSo^^X Ole«t, Spermatorrhoea,
-tvs&W lol to»d»7«.\a Whites, unnatural <iv-
Mnß Osannu»4 V charges, or any lnflamma-
mKw n»i to itrfctnre; tion, irritation or olcera-
f» igProTmu eanugteiL. tion of raucous mem-
WTZItHEEvAN3 ChEMTII.Co. brands. Non-astringent.
Wg4ciNCINNATi,O ■■ *« by Drnssri.t*.
V^Bk. n a. x \%mt or Bent lv pl»in wrapper,
■ :- !wsl&i: d. vg>?i 'by exprcHS, prepaid, fo*
IJJjDHJBMJUIFjI 1 !! 1 00 - or 3 bottles, »2.7».
V^MqPPrSr 6 Ctxcuiar Mat «■ rainwfc
* ' '.. ■■■■•:'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JgpARTEKSI
SICKHEADADHE
■
Positively cured by these
little Pills. .
• They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per»
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- j
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price. I
Strong Drink is Death
. — l . -
DF*. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy (or the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE d-lAKA VTEE FOUR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy tho
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDfillC nDillk' caase '* af! '' er . v - Poverty
OlnUnb Unlflß and Death. Vpon receipt
■ 01*10.00 ire will mall you four [4] boxes an ■! posi-
tive -written irn«rj»n««»~ ro cure or refw'
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole A(ta..
114 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
m^^>^ WHEN YOU
/^^^^^^^^^, Require an ELEC-
; (Sfcl^S^^Z trie belt get " Dr '
Pierces" and you will
VV:i^sc*^^ m c disappointed.
••'"Jp" ' Call or address PIERCE
'^ ELECTRIC CO..' 620
Harkt' It (opp- Allies Hote), S. F.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <*™«
j^i Museum of Anatomy
fsßßl ICSI 3IXSZET 21. bet 6ti & 7tli, S. f. CaL
m M W The L»rgeilof Its kicd In i-e World.
V^i>\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
«WT? XL Con SQ lt»'.loa free. WrfM for B«ck
Wj V PhHosophy^of^ MarrTage.
l_ - —
/^\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ iit sr-lisW 625 KEARSTY ST. Established
■ flpff^Bß. !n 1554 for the treatment •>( Private
ZSiii^ JBf Piseast'.s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
JKHkhH dlseaspwearingonbodyanilinlndaiiri
2?P@ft*tilH Skm Diseases. Th^dociorciires'rhen
■t^S*. •-' H otlie!sfllil - Try him. Charges low
s?S2£SaSia CnrpiiiruaranlPfiJ. Callorwrita
j)r. J. !■•- wIBBON. Box l»S7.Sau FrancUca
.HF-VDEWEY.STRONG &CO.^?"V
«,V^ \A\i
(i "patents! J
J^33O_MAFkET ST. S.F.^^
RAILKOAI; TRAVEL-
A Superb Train
. vfrrrnfik every DAY IN the YEAR
'W^Uidoa Pacific,
IfllflUflion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRART CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEKPERa.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY Sii DAIS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves- Sao Francisco dally at I p. m.
V. W. HITCHCOCK. General Aeent
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves oX>
Francisco via Los Angeles at JJ
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M.thn
follov/lnar Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob,
Bervatlon Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping: Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. •
UriHIICISCO TICttfWICE— HI MARKET SI;
TELEPHONE MAIN UJX.
Oakland OiSoe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioa— 2ol i Strest.
E*n Jos* O£o»— 7 Wast Santa Olar* Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Vgrry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— '7:2O. *9:JO. 11:00 a. m.: I:4*
1:46. 6:16, •6.00, 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11: M P.m.
BUNDAYS— *B:OO. 10:00. ni:B9 a. m.; *1:1 S.
i 1:00. *4:20. 6:15 p. m.
i Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
j FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
i WEEK DATS— S:23. '6:35. 7:43. »9:30 a. m.;
"11: M. 2:20. «3:45. 6:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
i and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. _
; BUNDAYS— 6:2O. »<!:00. *10:00. *11:65 a. m.:
| •1:15. .•3:10. 4:40, •6:20 p. m. •••■• »
' Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
h FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— S:43 6:45. 7:56. 9:« a. m-:
112 to 2:45. 8:50. 5:20 p. m. „ •' . ■
i - EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
! and Saturdays at 7:00 o. ra. • • -
| gTJNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.: 0-:te. 1:20. »:2«.
I • : * «:» p. » HROUGH TRAINS. '
I l*» a. m. week day*— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
' 1:45 p. m Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
- stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY."
(Via -aui*lif> erry.)
- Leave Ban Fn net son, coxaaaeoclns Sunday.
6ept. 11. 1898: - ■■ - - -
Week Days— »:» a. m.. 1:« p. in, _
Bunda7S— 10:00. 11:10 a. m.. IOJ » as.
Round trip from Mm alley. If ;•- SSWWI
TBOS. COOK * SON. Af.ats. Ol t1U99%
i ttreet. Ban rraadtco. v
AUCTION SALES.
-r— ■ ■ — ■ '
AUCTION.
TH-nAV TUESDAY, March 14,
IU'UAIj at 2t30 p. m. - ,
c QHPQ
Antique ill 1 1 A
High-Grade IIUUVI
TURKISH— PERSIAN— IRA
AT 123 GEARY STREET.
This grand consignment comprises over 1000
finest Ruga ever offered in the United States,
1 and are selling, without reserve, at prices that
i they cannot be bought for in Turkey.
I A. W. LOUDEKBACK, Auctioneer.
RESTAURANT FIXTURES
i THIS DAY (TUESDAY) at 11 A. M..
7% CLAY STREET, NEAR BAST.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELP, 667 Market.
■RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•OtTUEBM PACIFIC C«»aia»AJIT.
(PACIFIC »rnTKlf.)
fralu leave »u<i me tiue (• arrlv* at
MAN rKAN«'lSi<'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
. -— . . —
: tun — From Deo. 18, 1898. — ' AJtarm
*Tb7ooa Nil**. San Jose »nd Way Stations . . . •»:43a
?:OO a. Benicia, Sulsun »nd Skcraoaento. ..." Bi*3#
7sO«a MarysTiUe, Oro»iUo and Bedding T«e>
Woodland - ; ssi5 s i2 F
7:OOa Klmira, Vto»Tflls and Ruiusey B*l3*
7 1 »» a Martinez, San Eamon, Vallejo. Naps* ' ■ ■ ' ■*
Calistoga and Santa Rosa CtlOp
. »:••* Atlantic Kxpreee, Og»leu and Km!.. mt*Or
»i»(»a K»u Jose. UTernaore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Flaoervilia,
MarjsTllle, Chico, lied Bluff *•*•»
Bi3Oa. # Milton. Oakdale and Jamestown... 4iI8»
SiOOa Martiue*. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.
Meroed snd Fresno l«:la»
»:OO a Fresno, Bakenßeld. 'Santa lUrliara.
. Los Angeles, DemlDg. El Paso. \
New Orleans and Bast C:*9r
10-00 v Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7j43»
U:OUm Nile*. li»ermore, Stockton, Sacra- '. •
mento. Mendota, Uanford, VisaOia,
Pcnerrilie : 4:l»»
•liOOp Sacramento R(Ter Steamers •»«•#»
4:Our Martinez, San Katuoii, Vallejo. •
Sap*. <'»M«tdg». Santa Uosa 8:13*
4:OOr Benicia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodlaad, Knights Landing.
aiarysTlUe, Ororllle 'i 54.*4 .*
4t3or Nlles. San Jose aud Stockton 7:15#
B:OOrSaa Francisco and Lew Angeles
Limited Fresno. B^kersneld. Los
Angeles - «i 45».
:3Op Stockton, Meiced, Fresno IBil3#
BtUOp Martinez, Tracy, Mrcdota. Fresno. I
MojaTe, Sauta iTArbura and J.os
• Al^oles •- *=»*
I5:OOF Pacific Coast Limited. HI Pmo,
Fort Worth, UtU« Rock. sH.
tio-jlt. Colcaso aad £*at..... |9:43J1
*i»«r Sim,, r« Jioit.v. A.:-...i>- .. M .i <»* ,-■
for Moja»« ami ha.il or-lSp
•tOOr Kiiropeau Mall. Ogdei. and Kast.... 9:43*
6«00p Haywards. Nile* and San Jose ' : * 3 A
••:O«c Vallsjp... ia»l»»
t~i9«P Vallejo, Port 1 Costa and Way Sta-
Uons |9:45»
li«Or Oregon Haoramecto, Marys-
»lllt>, Itc.l.ling, Portland, Puget _
Ho>iii«l ami Kaat 8:18*
cl 9:03p Sonnet Limited. - Fresno. T.oi ' ..
AngMes, El Paiio, New Orleans _
. • au.lEt.-t tli4By
"SIN LKA.MMK) AN"l» lUVWaUIM LOCH-
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Mcl r. !-.«•. Seminary I'ark, (
StOOA Kitchuur?. Klßilinrst, 0:1:5*
(9-uOa San Lfaailro, Kanth Saa i*»!i3*.
1O.O«»* I.eaatlro. K»t(i.1tll», l'! : v
411:O«a Lorenzo. <herrj ■ \? ! i5 p
8t»op an ,1!j4 p
" 80 °* < Run . tbrougu to Nile*. "* or
j I From Nile*. I
" COAST DIVISION >>:irrnTf ♦ia(f«).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■ _____
" Sil3a Newark. Centcrni:!e.Sin Jose.Felton.
BoulderCreek,SaataCruiand Way _
Butl,.u*. ••••• Mm
I *a:ISp Newark. CenterTllle, Sun Jose N«w
Almaden, Felton, B. aider Creek.
Bant* Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M 5 5 2«*
4:15p Newark. 3an Josh and Los Oaton... OjSO*.
f11:43p HuDta;*' Eicursioa. San Joae and
I Way Statlors I"***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIS mSGISM— Not «f Uarktt Jtreit (Sup 8)— .
•7:15 . 0:00 ll:OIU.H..tl:0S. *2:00 >3iW
•4:00 ' 13:00 *6:00f.M. \
> rr»mollU!fB— Put "«:00 8:00 10:00
' t12:03 »1:00 t2:03 *3:C3 tl:03 '8:03^
COASi IHTINIoJi (Broad iiauge). ■ *
I (Third and Tow nseiiil Sts.) m
; 7:OOa Sa.i .loimj and Way Station* (New ~~~"
Almadsn Wednesdays ouly) li»«J»
OiOOa Han .)i»o, Tres I'inos. Hmita Cms, ' ' '
Pacific (iio»o, l'asc Rubles, Han
I.nU Ol.isiio. Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way SUt;.ms "*«>•».
lOi4Oa Sau Job* ami Way Stations 2'??*
Il:3Ua San Jf«e anil Way Stations *'-»*
■2t43p San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, -San .lose,
Gllroy, Hollister. Santa Cms.
I Ballnas, Monterey and Paciaa
OroTe../. "lO'Ml
•StSOp San Jose and Way Stations •9:00*
i *-l: Iff Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations »:-«54
•3:0 Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6j33a
3:SOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations aiSOp
«:»Op San Jose ami Way Stations 7i3OP
lU;43p San Jose and Way Stations 7iaO>
A for Morning. ~\ P for Afternoon.
: • Sundays excepted. ! Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
•fMondajs and Thursdays. Tuesdays and Saturdays.
' (3atordars and Wednesdays. 6 Thursdays and Sundays.
CALIFOINII NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
I/ECSSEEI
SAN FRANCISCO- AND NORTH PACIRO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbupon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN lUTAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:« L
$:SO, 6:10, 6:50 p. in." Thursdays— Extra trim
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at V.it
and 11.39 p. m.
DATS— B:OO, »:!8, U:00 a. m.: 1:80. tit*,
S:OC, 6:20 p. ra.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO. 7:£o. 9:10, 11:11 a, m.; 12:43.
1:43. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips si
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
PUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40, U:1B a. m.; 1:40. JU*,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between fan ■ Francesco and Schnetaen Parti
aams- schedule a* above. ,
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francises
_ October 16, —
• Week ■ Sun- I 1593. Sun- i Week
I Days. ■ Days. | Destination, days. T days.
7:30 am 1:00 am! Novato. ■ 10:40 am 8:40 an
j:S) cml 9:20 am Petaluma 8:10 pm, 10:25 ara
»:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:25 pm | t:M pea,
Fulton. i
T:M am Windsor. 10:25 Us)
Healdsburg*. >:-'.-.'- .,•.■
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
• :Sopm t:ooam Cloverdale. 7:35 pm l:8pn
Hop.and and
1:20 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:M pn»
' T:SO am ' 10:16 v*
I J:00 am Gurn«>Tille. 7:1» pm
1:80 pm[ <!"Pa
7:33 am 8:«) am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 am
and
E.-lOpm 8:00 pra Olen Ellen. 8:10 pin *:2* paa
7:30 am 1 8:00 am Sebastoso!. 10:40 am 10:25 an»
1.30 pa »:C0 prrii ( 7:86 pm 6:23 pra^
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark. Was*
Springs; at Lytton for L.ytton Springs; at Gey*
i servtile for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale ' fat l
i the Qeyaers; at Hopland for Duncfcn Bprinar<V
: Highland Springs, KelseyvHle.* Carlßba« '
" gprlnss. Soda Bay. Lakeport a.nd Bart let*
I Bprins-s; at Uiciah for Vichy Springs. Saratog»
Bprlnsa, Blue La*.ies. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttef
Bprinse. Upper take. Porno.- Potter ValUy,
John Day's. Riverside, Lterley's. Bucknell'iL;
fanhedrln Heights. Hullv'.He, Booneville, Orr**
Hot Springs, Mendoolno City. Fort Bragg,
i Wp«tport. T '?al. Wjnitt». Laytonvllle, Curod
aninfc-'a, Bell's Sprinss. Harris.' Olsen's. DyMW
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*. V. ■:
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market at.. Chronicle bids,
i H. C. WHITIN*O, R. X. RTAN,
.£eaeral Mar.oser. Gen. Paaa cent,
. - ' ■ ' ' ■ ■ ' % " ■ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. :
From Jan. IS, 189?. trains will run aa follow^
South-bound. j North-bound! )
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. IPasseia*
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday j gsr.
: Dally. ;Kxc'ptd . Excptd [ Dally; |
7:20 am 10-.3G am Stockton 3:15 pm! 6:00 pn*
I 8:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced. 12:40 pm 4:13 peg
10:40 am 5.33 praj Fresno" 9:30 am 242 prm
! 11:38 am ! 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 png
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bak»rsfleld 2:00 am 11:00 an«
t 11: am; 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 ami 1:23 pn»
: 12:15 pmi 5:53 pm Tiilare 5:50 ami 1:05 pn>
Stopping at intermediate points as required. 1
' For particulars of stasre and other connections] >
j Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Marks!
■trn^ Kan ymnrtsril- •
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SPENT LIFE
AND FORTUNE
HUNTING GOLD
Captain Burns Dies of
Grief.
THREE USELESS VOYAGES
JUST ENDED A LONG SEARCH
FOR TREASURE ISLE.
When He Passed the Spot in the
Ocean and Found Not the Island
He Wished for
Death,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 13.
"TVhPn I passed over the exact latitude
and longitude in the Pacific where I ex
pected to find the islands. I was seized
with sickness, so great was my dlsap-
CAPTAIN BURNS AND THE SCHOONER VINE.
polntment. In fact, I felt so bad that I
believed I should not live long."
Bo said Captain John E. Burns last
Thursday to a friend in this city. On
Saturday he died.
The last ten yeaTS of Captain Burns'
life contained more romance than is usua
ly accredited to the hero of a novel. The
captain had spent a fortune and many
of time m hunting treasure islands
and rich guano deposits, but voyages of
. ,-ry invariably terminated in keen
disappointment.
About two months ago Captain Burns
>an Francisco with his schooner
yacht Vine, to discover an island in
•the Pacinc, the <xuot position ol whicn
he thought he knew. This island was sup
. to be rich in guano, and Captam
Burns hoped to make a fortune by its
discovery. He laid his plans very care
fully and found the spot where the isl
and should have been. There was noth
ing in sight, and the effect of this tinal
disappointment was in reality fatal. Ine
Vine went to Honolulu and the unhappy
captain returned on the City of Peking
to s;in Francisco, reaching here two
weeks ago. In discussing his ventures
with an Oakland friend Captain Burns
on his return gave the following reasons
for his faith in the lost islaryj:
"For over tw>> centuries," said the cap
tain, "islands have been marked on vari
ous charts at the spot over which we
sailed. Upon the latest charts issued by
the Hydrographic office of the Lnited
States, "the Island appears marked E. P..
which means existence doubtful. On
many other charts and in several atlases
the island is marked as existing between
16 to 22 degrees north latitude and v
to 145 degrees west longitude. At differ
ent times during the past fifty years
three different ships have reported hav
inn seen the island, but strangely enough
its [..cation has never been officially veri
fied When we left San Francisco on this
last voyage it was ostensibly for the pur
pose of carrying a cargo, of lumber to
Honolulu. . ,
"My alleged intention was to pick up
this island and determine its exact loca
tion on our way to Hawaii. Had we
found it the lumber would have been used
for building purposes on the isUtnd \\ c
went fully confident that we should dis
cover it. "and were prepared to hoist the
American Hag upon it, and to establish
ness of carrying guano. So certain
was I <>f finding the place that I had
made arrangements to offer it to a rable
company for a station, as it would be or
vast Importance for this purpose.
"This island was seen by Captain Wil
liams, who imparted his information to
Captain McNear some years ago. Dur
ing the time these two captains were ne
gotiating and preparing to send the ves
sel to work the guano deposits Captain
Williams was stricken with apoplexy and
in Alameda. This was many years
ag.'. His papers were kept by captain
McNear and never saw the light until
years ago. when he gave them to
me McNear, being an old man, despaired
of ever being able to raise the necessary
capital to fit out an expedition and gave
all his knowledge to me. and as soon as
I was able 1 started out on a voyage of
discovery."
Captain Burns made his first voyage in
quest of this island eight years ago.
About thru time he came from Tacoma,
where he had been possessed of consid
erable wealth, the Vine costing $36,800,
and being built entirely for pleasure. But
when misfortune overtook Captain Burns
in the north he had to look to his schoon
er- \acnt for an income. He brought ncr
n Francisco and put her In the lum
ber trade. . '
Four years ago he started on his tirst
trip for' this island, but failed to find it.
Eighteen months ago a party of Phila
delphia capitalists came to the coast with
one of the most gauzy tales ever conceiv
rd. The leader of the party had a map of
Cocos Island showing where was buried
■;il large chests of Spanish gold. Over
$10 (KM was invested in this enterprise, and
the Vine was chartered to make the voy
age in charge of its owner, Captain
Burns The voyage to Cocos Island was
made, and its owner, August Gissler,
known as the Wild Dutchman, assisted
the party in every way possible to find
the treasure. Of course it was never
found, but the adventurers came back to
the coast after having been shown all
over the fruitful island and being well
informed as to the immense riches which
Gissler was making by growing coffee
and other industries.
Captain Bums formed a very definite
theory regarding the treasure-hunting
voyages which have been made on many
occasions by different parties to this isl
and He believed that all the stories
emanated from some source. Inspired by
Gissler. and that they were nothing more
than an advertising scheme encouraged
by him for the purpose of drawing atten
tion to the valuable island which Gissler
holds by grant from the Costa Rican gov
ei After the return of the Vine from this
trip Captain Burns made a careful study
Of the papers he had received from Cap
tain Williams. After having fully pre
pared for this last voyage of discovery,
he sailed on his supposed Honolulu trip,
from which he returned disappointed as
before. For the past few months he has
lived with his family on this Bide of the
bay. and last Saturday he died, and the
secret of the treasure died with him.
The captain was 65 years of age and ha*
been a navigator since his boy ll^,,.^
ceased leaves a widow and two children.
Found in the Bay.
OAKLAND, March 13.— Tho remains ot
an unknown man await Identification at
thY morgue. The body was recovered from
the bay at the foot of Sixteenth street.to
day •by George Constable of 1M Wood
street and is apparently that of a man
about 33 years of age. He is dressed in a
black suit, brown overcoat, black Kid
gloves and lace sh«es well worn. In .his
pockets were found a razor, P?cket »»»«.
41 cents, a pipe and black silk four-in
hand tie. Thr body has apparently been
in the water about two weeks.
Three Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND, March Judge Greene
to-day granted three divorces on the
grounds of willful neglect and desertion.
Elizabeth Fitch was given a legal separa
tion from Charles V. Fitch. Lillian V. Ir
win from William A. Irwin, custody of
the minor child being given to the mother,
and Emma G. Robinson was separated
from Hugh M. Robinson, and the;r com
munity property has been ordered equally
divided. The divorce suit of Annie L. Pe
terson against Peter E. Peterson has been
referred to Court Commissioner Babcock.
A Carpenter's Terrible Fall.
OAKLAND. March 13.— S. A. Burnham,
a carpenter, while at work in a new house
on Thirty-seventh street, near Market,
this afternoon, fell down the well or a
stairway to the floor, a distance of four
teen feet below. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he was treated
for concussion of the brain and a broken
right wrist.
DEATH OF S. F. DANIELS,
SOLDIER AND JURIST
OAKLAND LOSES A UNIVERSAL
LV ESTEEMED CITIZEN.
Served With Distinction During the
Rebellion and Made a Name
. as a Lawyer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
%S Broadway, March in.
Ex-Judge Seth F. Daniels died this
morning at his home on Howe street.
Death came not unexpected, for he had
been in falling health for some time. De
ceased was a native of Orange County,
New York, aged 74 years.
In 1534 he removed to Dv Pago county,
Illinois, where he grew to manhood and
adopted the legal profession. Ho was
elected County Judge there, but resigned
shortly after his election and entered the
Illinois Volunteers as captain, serving
with distinction during the war. Captain
Daniels was one of the detail of commis
sioned officers which escorted the body of
Lincoln from Columbus to Chicago. At
the clo.ae of the war he was re-elected
Judge of Dv Page County, serving until
ISO*. Three years later he removed to
California, and. alter spending a year in
Humholdt County, settled in Oakland,
where he directed all his attention to his
profession. He also served a term as
Police Judge here. He was a man of
sterling character and beloved by all who
knew him.
Deceased was at one time a prominent
member of the Grand Army of the Re
public, having: held the office nf Judge
Advocate. He belonged to University
Lodge No. 144, I. O. O. F., under whose
auspices the funeral will take place next
Wednesday afternoon.
He leaves a widow and one son, G. B.
Daniels, manager of the Enquirer Pub
lishing Comrany.
Alameaa Boys Defeated.
ALAMEDA. March 13.— The Alameda I
High School baseball team was defeated I
this afternoon by a nine from the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons, San
Francisco. The score was 11 to 6. The
city aggregation played several semi
professionals in their team, while the |
High School boys presented the nine that j
will repreent them in the Intercollegiate
League.
Next Saturday the Alameda boys will j
open the league series at Stockton, play-
Ing the High School team of that city.
W. H. H. Hart Sued.
W. H. H. Hart is defendant in a suit
brought by Samuel Newman in the Jus
tices' Court. It is for $242 10 alleged to
he due on a promissory note dated Janu
ary 19, 1899.
I A BATTLE ROYAL, BUT THE
MOTHER WON THE SON
£ (~\ AKLAND, March 13.— Mr. and Mrs. William Allen, who were recently "T
<• I I legally separated, engaged in a very lively contest over the possession *
O I I of their 6-year-old son yesterday. The Court had awarded the custody ~T
-f of the child to the mother, and yesterday, while she^was walking along
O C street. Hay wards, with the little fellow, the father seized the youngster q
-f and made a desperate effort to get out of town with him. ' *
O Mrs. Allen succeeded in boarding the same car with her husband, Q
-f headed for Oakland. After the car left the Meek bridge this side of San
O Leandro Creek, Allen took the boy in his arms and jumped off. He landed q
■f safely and disappeared. +
O Mrs. Allen immediately returned to Haywards, where she summoned the O
-f assistance of Marshal Ramage, who, after a long search, located the lad "f
O hidden In a barn. The boy was returned to his mother, who is now closely °
q guarding him. Mrs. Allen, since the divorce was granted, has been making +
+ her home in Ferndale. +
f-f O+O-f O-f O+ O-fO-fO +O + O+ O+O+Ctf+ <> + O + O+ O-fO+ O+ O+O+ O+ O-f O-Hi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
CHARGED WITH
SECLUDING THEIR
AGED FATHER
Cunniff Heirs Waging
a Merry Cotest.
FINAL ACCOUNT TO REOPEN
ESTATES OF FATHER AND MOTH
ER SERIOUSLY MIXED.
Two of the Sons Are Placed Under
Heavy Bonds to Keep the Peace
With Their Incompetent
Father.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, '
908 Broadway, March 13.
Frank Cunniff, Thomas J. Cunniff and
Francis Cunniff, heirs and children of
John Cunniff, an incompetent, have be
gun a merry war upon J. S. Derby, guar
dian of the latter and adminstrator of
the estates of Catherine Cunniff, their
mother', and John Cunniff.
The sons appeared bofere Judge Hall |
to-day to be heard upon their petition to j
have the adminstrator's final account,
which was recently approved, reopened.
They claim that in Catherine Cunniff 's ;
estate the administrator has included in ■
the txpenscs of the estate board for Mary
Cunniff, a sister, and her father; and that
the inventory and appraisement omitted i
numerous articles, including rents and
cYrtatn cash on deposit in a bank. Fur
thermore that Mary Cunniff has been
managing the affairs of both estates to i
suit herself and "to the prejudice of petl- i
tioners. Their attorney, \V. W. Allen, i
also asked that Derby's bond be raised
from $12,000 to $20.iHX>. This the court or
! dered and the motion to reopen the ad
i ministrator's final account will come up ;
' again two weeks hence,
Attorney Allen stated in court that he ■
proposed to move for Derby's removal on
the ground that the latter had "secluded"
the father in a certain house and did not
allow the children to have access to him.
Attorney de Golia, who represents the
guardian, contends that this was done for
the reason that the children abused the
father and had threatened to take his •
I life. Frank and Thomas, two of the sons,
i are now under bonds to keep peace with
their father, this order having been made
some time ago.
The petitioners also complain that in
the estate of their father Derby has al- :
lowed certain expenses to which thoy ob- |
iect Among these are such items as
•'rent of pew in church, serving papers on
boys subscription to the Examiner,
kiuhon utensils, etc." They allege also
that the true condition of the estate is
not set forth, since it has been mixed ,
with the estate of Catherine Cunniff.
CORNERED A THIEF
WITH A BROOMSTICK
MRS. CHARLES H. SMITH SAVES
HER HUSBAND'S SHIRTS.
A Pilfering Tramp Brought to Time
After a Lively Race With an
Irate Woman.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park street, March 13.
Mrs. Charles H. Smith of 154S Verdi street,
wife of the teller of the Anglo-Californian
Bank, saved her husband's laundry Sat
turday from the hands of a thieving
tramp. After the tramp had appropri
ated considerable of Mr. Smith's spotless
linen the wife chased the thief for a
block, cornered him in a vacant lot and
made him disgorge under penalty of be
ing beaten over the head with a broom.
After recovering the stolen property Mrs.
Smith took pity on the pilferer and after
administering a lecture allowed him to
depart.
It was nearly 5 o'clock Saturday
afternoon when the tramp rang the
doorbell to the Smith residence.
There "was no response. The laundryman
had left Mr. Smith's washing on the front
porch. It tempted the tramp. Opening
the bundle he removed a couple of white
shirts and tucked them under his ragged
A neighbor witnessed the theft and in
formed Mrs. Smith, who was in the back
yard. The lady ran through the bouse,
grabbing a broom on the way, and h\i- ■
peared on the sidewalk just as the thief
turned from Verdi street into a vacant lot
near Banta Clara avenue. Mrs. Smith i
gave chase. She caught up «vith the ;
Tramp as he was about to scale a high ]
board fence.
"Give me those shirts," she shouted, and
emphasized the command with a
whack of the broom that nearly broke
the tramp's back. "My husband is com
ing around the corner in a minute and he
will fix you. Yqu ought to be ashamed
of yourself, a big. strong man like you
stealing things from doorways."
The tramp was ashamed, but his re
morse was as nothing compared with his
fright. His knees struck together and
his teeth chattered like castanets.
•'Mere are the shirts, mum," he stam
mered. "I don't want 'em. I am
ashamed of myself, and if you'll let mo
go this time, kind lady, I'll promise never
to lift another shirt."
Mrs. Smith took her husband's linen,
from which the satin gloss had given way
to the grime from the tramp's hands. As
she observed its condition her chagrin
was manifest. She gave the tramp a
blow with the broom for every finger
mark on the bosom of her husband's
shirts and then allowed him to depart.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. March 13.— Judge Hall to
day denied the application of Mrs. Lydia
Prescott for appointment as guardian of
: Augusta R. Shoein and Nellie Halsle. In
the former case the mother of the girl
! had not been communicated with to give
her consent.
Lizzie Slavin, aged 26 years, was exam-
I ined for insanity to-day by Drs. Tisdale
j and Stratton and was recommended for
I commitment to an insane asylum.
Dledrich Buhsen, un old resident,' died
at his ranch in Upper Fruitvale yester
day, aged 78 years. For several years de
ceased was master mechanic in the rail
road yards in West OaTtland. Two chil
dren. Mrs. GeorK 1 ' D. Welch and Nicholas
Buhsen, survive him.
Changes have been made in the pro
gramme for the Moody meetings. The aft
ernoon meetings are to be held in the
First M. E. Church on Thursday, Friday
and Sunday next, while evening meetings
are to be held in the First Presbyterian
Church.
The Commercial Bank of Berkely was
given judgment in three foreclosure suits
against property of J. K. Stewart to-day
by Judge Hall, aggregating about 516.700.
The Board of Supervisors met to-day
and once more laid over the matter of fix
ing the water rateS for the outside dis
trict. This was done at the request of
J. H. T. Watkinson, assistant manager
of the Contra Costa Water Works.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 13.— The Alameda
Camera Club will give an illustrated lec
ture next Monday evening at Lafayette
Hall. "Yosemite Valley" will be thp
subject, and the discourse will be by Mrs.
Mary Dickson.
E. J. Holt will address the Unitarian
Club Wednesday evening. His subject
will be "Shall Our Nation Grow— An Ex
position of Authorities on the Question of
Expansion." Mr. .Holt will take issue
with Professor Jordan, who talked before
the club several weeks ago.
E. \V. Maslin, candidate for Library
i Trustee, discussed the local political sit
i uatlon this evening before the Municipal
I League.
Memorial services for the late Thomas
i A. Smith were held last night at Christ
•■ Episcopal Church. The church was
! draped in mourning. Rev. T. J. Lacy de
| voted hif sermon to commendatory refer
! ences U the deceased. Mr. Smith was
■ one of the founders of the church, and
I for more than a quarter of a century was
i senior warden.
BRIDESMAID CHARGED
WITH A BRIDE'S WOES
MRS. SHANE ANSWERS HER
HUSBAND'S STATEMENTS.
Says He Desires to Disown Her -a
Order to Marry Miss Nora
Riordan.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142« Park street, March 13.
Mrs. Lulu Homeicr-Shane Is highly in
dignant at the statements made by her
husband concerning the circumstances
surrounding their wedding and the subse
quent events of their matrimonial career.
In the story published exclusively in last
Friday's Call the husband, George Shane,
of 2714 Bryant street, San Francisco, as
serted that his marriage to Miss Homeier
was a horrible nightmare; that he was in
an alcoholic trance when it happened and
that he knew nothing about the ceremony
until Beveral days later, when he re
gained consciousness.
In contradiction of all this Mrs. Shane
eayn that t*he only nightmare in either H
matrimonial experience has btjen Bill a
Nora Riordan of Ivy avenue, San Fran
cisco, who was bridesmaid at the wed
ding, and who, she claims, has been the
cause of all the trouble between herself
and Mr. Shane since the secret marriage
at San Rafael in October, 1897.
-'A week before our wedding," said Mrs.
Shane to a Call representative, "Mr.
Shane engaged Miss Kiordan and Joseph
Swift to act as bridesmaid and groom,
respectively. That does not look as if
the marriage was planned on the spur of
the moment. We iived together for ftve
months after the ceremony, when I no
ticed that my husband was paying more
attention to "the bridesmaid than tie was
to me. When I remonstrated he threat
ened to beat me and I left him. Later we
met at the home of Dr. Sander in Alame
da to whom I had told my troubles. The
doctor acted the part of peacemaker
and tried to settle the differences between
us but did not succeed. Hix months ago
Mr. Shane got the marriage certificate
from me under pretense of showing it to
his mother. I have learned since that
he destroyed it.
"The same day he gave his story to The
Call he tried to lind me in Oakland, bui
1 kept out of his way, fearing he would
do me bodily injury. I made a great mis
take in keeping our marriage a Becret
so long, but 1 did it to oblige Mr. Shane,
for he was afraid to let his mother know
what be had done."
Mrs. Shane says she will not allow her
husband to get a divorce from her. She
asserts that overtures of that nature
have been made to her.
"He wants to marry the bridesmaid,
Nora Riordan," said Mrs. Shane, "and
he will never do it as long as I can pre
vent it."
AT THE UNIVERSITY.
Large Number of Entries for the In
tercollegiate Debating Team.
BERKELEY, March 13.— The prelim
inary try-outs for places upon the in _t
Intercollegiate debating team, which are
to be held before the close of the week,
promise to show a competition as keen
as" anything which the college has ever
known before. Thus far twenty-nve men
have handed in their Dames for entry, and
there are still others to be added. This
unusual number is taken by the Califor
nia men to mark a new era in debating,
for the intercollegiate contests are grow
ing more popular every year and the lau
rels of victory more highly prized. The
debaters who :ire to face Stanford on the
22d of next month will be chosen from
two preliminary contests. All candidates
are required to enter the first, and from
this a selection of eight will be made.
These will be given places on the finals
for the choosing of the three to form
the team. Following is a list of those en
tering; A. Adler '02, F. W. Aitken '00; W.
T Antinovich, Hastings College of Law;
Archie Cloud '00; F. E. Barton, Hastings
College of Law; E. W. Decoto '00; L. N.
Crowell. Hastings College of Law; M. E.
Deutsch '02; F. G. Dorety '00; W. W.
Downer '01; John M. Eshleman '02; Ralph
T. Fisher '01; O. E. Hotte '01; A. M. Kldd
'00- W. M. Martin '00; T. V. Mendenhall
'00; W. W. Nathan '00; K. S. Pierce '01;
B. L. Quayle '99; James Quinn '01; A. R.
Rhuart '01; C. E. Thomas '99; E. E.
Trefethan '99; C. E. Warner '99; Ralph C.
Daniels '!)9.
Tho committee of award for the Le
Conte memorial fellowship fund is con
sidering applications of students who wish
to apply for the fellowship to be held dur
ing the coming year. The recorder of tho
faculties has announced that all appli
cants must file their petitions before May
1. The value of the fellowship is $000 an
nually, and it is awarded to University
of California graduates on the basis of
excellence in scholarship.
NATIVE BORN BUT ARE
NOT CITIZENS IN FACT
IMPORTANT OPINION OF THE
TREASURY SOLICITOR.
Conflicts With a Becent Decision of
the United States Supreme
Court.
The Solicitor of the Treasury has ren
dered a decision which, if sustained and
applied to the Chinese landing here on
the plea of being native-born Americans,
will put a strong check to the flood of
Chinese immigrants.
Several weeks ago an Italian woman
and her two children, aped 6 and 10 years,
were refused a landing at the port of
New York on the ground that they were
liable to become a public charge. They {
appealed to National Immigration Com- ■
missioner Powderly on the ground that '
the children were born in the United
States, and therefore had a right to re
turn to and remain in this country. The
matter was turned over to the Solicitor
of the Treasury, who rendered an opinion
that a child born in this country of a '
foreign father and taken abroad by his J
father acquires said parent's domicile and I
nationality. The children and their moth
er were accordingly .ordered deported to
the country whence they came.
United States Commissioner Heacock, '
who has the initiative in passing upon the i
claims of Chinese seeking entrance to this '•
country by the habeas corpus route, is '
greatly interested in the decision, prin- j
cipally because he has a dissenting opin- !
ion. United States Attorney Foote does !
not think the decision of the Treasury 1
Solicitor will stand because the United
States Supreme Court has decided other
wise in a case which at first glance seems
to be identical with it.
This decision -was rendered March 28,
IS9B. in the case of Wong Kirn Ark, who
claimed to be a native son. He had been
taken back to China by his parents, and
when he sought readmlssion he was ex
cluded on the ground that he was not a
citizen or subject of the United States,
even admitting that he was born here.
The Supreme Court decided that only in
one place in the Constitution was the def
inition of a citizen given, and that was
in section 1, of article XIV: "All per
sons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction
thereof, are citizens of the United State_3
and of the State wherein they reside.
United States Attorney Henry S. Foote
argued the case by brief for the Gov
ernment, and George D. Collins presented
the case for the Chinaman. The Supreme
Court decided, several of its members dis
senting, that the language of that por
tion of the Constitution quoted was do
claratorv of the common law and not or
international law, and that therefore a
person born in the United States is a
citizen irrespective of the political status
of his parents. The only exceptions to
! this rule are the children of sovereigns,
ambassadors and alien enemies
Judge Heacock is studying the United
States decision and comparing « witn
that of the Solicitor of the Treasury It
the two cases are alike he will be bound
by the decision of the Supreme Court and
pay no heed to that of the Solicitor But
if they are cases involving a d J ff */.?"* if "
sue he may be able to reconcile the two
opinions on broad principles of law.
. —•-.
WIFEBEATERS PUNISHED.
One Gets Six Months and the Other
Is Held to Answer Before the
Superior Court.
Two wifebeaters were severely dealt
with in the Police Courts yesterday, and
Judge Graham in the case brought before
him remarked that the pillory should be
introduced for such a man.
S. L. Stare's wife, who lives at 101 Min
na street, testified before Judge Graham
i that she had supported her husband for
the past seven years. He was in the
habit of abusing and beating her and last
Friday he called at her house and ac
cused her of being out of the house the
previous night. She denied it and he
grabbed hold of her right arm and, twist
ing it round, broke it in two places. She
had bruises on her body from his blows.
The Judge, In sentencing him to six
months in the County Jail, said he was
sorry the law prohibited him from mak
ing it more. He thought the old custom
of the pillory should be brought into use
for such brutes as the defendant. It was
one of the worst cases that had ever been
brought to his notice.
Jacob Pollan. 261 Shipley street, ap
peared before Judge Conlan to answer a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
upon his wife, Rebecca. A week ago he
threw a block of wood at her and fol
lowed it up by throwing a pot of boil
ing water at her. It was suggested that
the charge be reduced to battery, but
Pollan spoke up and demanded a trial by
jury charging the Judge, prosecuting at
torney and police with conspiring to rail
road 'him to jail. The Judge remarked
that he would give him the chance of trjal
by jury and held him to answer before
the Superior Court in $1000 bonds on the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Daniel Harney's Will.
The will of Daniel Harney, the well
known contractcr, who died a few days
ago, leaving property valued at $16,000,
was filed for probate yesterday. All the
personal property is bequeathed to
Charles S. and Joseph D. Harney. Wini
fred E. White and Mary E. O'Hara, chil
dren of the deceased. The real estate is
devised to Charles S. Harney, the income
thereof to be divided among the children
named.
Dora Fuhrig's Case.
Arpumpnt was commenced yesterday In
the case of Mrs. Dora Fuhrig. charged
with the murder of Mrs. Walmsley. As
sistant District Attorney Black opened on
behalf of the prosecution. Attorney Fuhr
man followed for the defense, and this
morning Robert Ferral will argue. Dis
trict Attorney Murphy will close the case.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. March 13.
. Schr i^hap R Wilson, Johnson. ."> ilays from
Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORT.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Marc"h 13— Sohr
Bender Brothers, h»nrp March 10.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived March I.",— Stmr Hes
tia. from Glasgow.
LONDON— Arrived March 13— Stmr Maine,
fr'im Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 13 -Ptmr Penn
lnnd, fmm Philadelphia; stmr Umbria, from
HAMBURG— SaiIed March 13— Stmr Pretoria,
Arrived March 13— Stmr Au^uste
Victoria, from New York, on Orient excursion;
all wfil.
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
187 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€16 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street: open until 9 o"clock.
HW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
fstrfpts: npr-n until 9 _o'<^ocjt : ____________
MEETING NOTICES.
■ ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery _■_-_
No. 16. K. T., 625 Putter st.— Officers MR"
and members of this commandery are Ft3j
hereby ordered to- assemble at the *&&>
Asylum In full uniform on WEDNES- v
DAY. March 15, at 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our .late frater,
SIR WILLIAM KEYSER VANPERSLICE.
. 41. ('HAS. _, PATTON, Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and •
A. Called meeting THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, March 14, at 7:30 jKjr
o'clock. D. 3. . /▼»
GEO. J. HOBB. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— F. C. Degree THIS (TUESDAY^ _JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. J__*
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /V>
j COURT Bohemian No. 8023, A. O. F.~ «*-£*'
Officers and members are hereby er-
quested to attend the funeral of our Jt'\
late brother, M. R. MAGORTY. TO- *_>
DAY* (TUESDAY), March 14, 1599, at 9:30
a. m., from 29 Fifth st. L. MISH. C. H.
Attested: M. FUETSCHEK, Fin. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March, 1899. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 17, 1590. at 12 m.
:?:■■>-.- ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPKCIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE— S. ONETO has declared to have sold
his share of business, debt and credit to S.
TORIE, grocery firm, on 412 Montgomery aye.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, |1 up;,
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; -collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
SITUATIONS WANTED FE MALE.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seamstress
desires situation; best references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and housework
girl desires place on a ranch; 2 years last
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion; best local references'; city or country.
MISS CULIiEN, 325 Sutter. st.
! Al AMERICAN cook, best of city references,
i desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Butter st.
AT the German . Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell st., tel. Main 5332,
' girls of all nationalities await positions.
YOUNG German girl,. 15, would like to take
care of children •or . ; light housework; $5 a
month; good home. MISS MESNICKOW,
Golden Gate, Cal. '.
! SITUATION wanted to do general housework.
434 Jessie St.- - . . . ■
GOOD waitress wishes work: lunch, dinner or
all day. 124 Sixth St.. room 43.
I WANTED— By experienced young lady, posi-
tion as stenographer and typewriter: speaks
French ; good penman. Box 1034, Call.
■ RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position as
working housekeeper; has a child 7 years;
city or country; references If required. Call
or address 111% Minna st. ;
SITUATION wanted by young woman from
the East as cook or second work; private
family. Box 1038. Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants to take plain wash-
ing at home." Call 10 Thirteenth st., top floor.
FRENCH girl wishes situation to do house-
work in family. Address 230 Montgomery ay.
«IT_ ATIOISS . WANTED— Continued.
REFINED" person like to take care of children;
can do mending or upstairs work, also can
wait on a lady: can go as companion, is a
good reader. 1637% Fulton st. _
FIRST-CLASS cook, with superior city refer-
ences, wants a situation in city or^ country,
not afraid of large family. Address 424 but
ter St., tel. Main 5472. .
YOUNG lady "wants a. place as waitress or help
in kitchen. 23% Sixth St.. room _________
j l^HssiSsSjs^iS gigs
in small family. Address Box 1046, Call otnee. ,
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation to do .
general housejrork : __^pl_j____S_ Ir__1 r __-
STRONG' young woman will do general house-
S work and cooking for grown family; wages no
less than $20. Call 189 Harriet st.
-\vn ciT-i* from the East, one a good cook and
T ?h?cfther Kiss laundress; city or coun-
try. Call 54 Sixth St.. room 23.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework
for Americans or Germans; wages from $16 to
$18 316 Minna st.
K by an c d om^enf M_u%£f Sg
h< _^si_^___^____--!
CANADIAN lady wishes a posistion as nurse
to infants; thoroughly experienced. Box
1048, Call. -
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing r or housework; terms 60
cents. Address Box 1051, Call offlnce. _
NEAT German girl wishes el tu at! on at general
housework and cooking; *«« ( , $ ? ) 7t ,I o *"°-
-2048 Mission St.. between 16th and 17tn.
sble5 ble M 6 Twentieth st.. Oakland. *=_;
bie 546 Twentieth St.. Oakland. -
•ssrasveews «?__ as
ences. Box 1052, Call office.
siCTNi_n__y of experience te**™??*™™
encea. Box 1024, Call office.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework: good cook on ranch. 136 Fifth.
St., near Howard. • '" ,
DRESS And cloak making, a perf ect fitter
wants engagements at $1 25 per day. . 403
Mason st. ' '* -
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
house cleaning. Apply 387 Hayes st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In mo
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SITUATIONS wasted-male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary at.; tel. Grant 56..
WANTED, by a young man, some permanent
position of trust as collector. janitor watch-
man or any kind or work: can give cash
bends, also reference. Box 1049. Call.
MAN and wife, German, desire positions on
farm or dairy: man experienced dairyman
and farmer; wife a good cook. 101 Pros-
pect place, bet. Powell and Stockton, off
Sacramento. . .
YOUNG man of 22 desires work of any kind;
has had some experience in bookeeping. Ad-
dress 2711 Harrison at.
SITUATION wanted by a male nurse: care-
ful and trustworthy; understands the care or
children. Address box 1039. Call office.
BREAD and cake baker wants situation; city
or country. N. M. CALLUM. 331 Sixth st.
NEAT intelligent young man wishes to learn
bartending; some experience. Box 1033, Call.
MACHINIST and engineer desires employ-
ment; city or country; good reference. Box
1035, Call office.
MAN wants work as carpenter. Box 1036, Call
. office. -
SITUATION wanted by a first-class coachman, '
from the East: best of references and bond
if required. Box 1037, Call office^
YOUNG barber. 5 years experience, desires
position in country. E. FULTON. 700 1 Cali-
fornia st. ;
SITUATION wanted by young man as bar-
tender; first-class. Address box 1045, Call.
BY German acquainted with handling, bottling
of wines and liquors: can tend bar; keep
books and accounts: knows general mer-
chandise business: willing to go to country.
Box 1041, Call office.
SITUATION wanted - by a first-class turn-
er, shaper hand and banasawyer; long ex-
perience; city or country. Address box 1043,
Call office. __■ ________
CHINESE first-class cook, meat • and pastry,
wishes position: private family, hotel or
boarding house; satisfaction. WILLES
JAMES, 906 Clay at. ■
yOUNG man would like employment; city or
country; work of any kind; wages $20 to $25.
Box 1028. Call office.
JAPANESE honest boy, wants situation as
waiter or houseworker; can do cooking; one
! year's references. F. B_ box 1032. Call. __
POSITION as coachman- In private family by
reliable and trustworthy young German; best
of references. Address box 414, Call office^
PAINTER wants employment; good paper-
hanger and whltener; has had charge of
property; handy with carpenter- tools; willing
to work; reasonable. Box 420. Call office.
CUTTER wishes a position in a merchant tai-
loring establishment; large experience; prac-
tical tailor; city or country. Box 1017. Call.
WOULD like situation watching: day or night;
any place of trust; can give best references..
Call or address H., 1238 Bush st.
SITUATION by middle-aged man around pri-
vate place: take care horses, garden and
raise vegetables; low wages; references. Box
1002, Call. %
MAN and wife wish positions; man coachman
and gardener; woman a good cook; first-class
references. Coachman, box 1012. Call office.
I GERMAN. 27 years old. offers his services as
accountant; speaks and writes Spanish and
English; 7 years abroad: best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 306 Call office.
YOUNG couple wish situations on gentleman's
place in country where owner cannot attend
or will work in small private family; wife
as cook, man as orchardlst and all-round
man: references exchanged. A. KELLER,
Nnes, Alameda County.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Batter st. -
CHAMBERMAID and waitress for Boulder
Creek, wages $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
I?EAT young girl, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. -325 Sutter St. __
FRENCH second girl, San Rafael, $20. 2 In
family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Vallejo, Santa Rosa, $20;
Berkeley, $20"; Oakland, $20: Healdsburg. $25;
and other towns; 12 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter _____________
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 in family. $25. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
TWO Irish girls, cooking and laundry work,
$25 to $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $30; a German or French
cook, $35; 4 second girls. $25 and $20; cook,
boarding house. $30. MISS CULLEN, 320
Sutter st. .
WAITRESS, springs, $20; chambermaid and
waitress. $20; Port Costa, $20: Santa Cruz.
$20: 6 waitresses, city. $2o and $15. MIS-
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. «
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl, housework. 2
in family. $25: 2 nurses. $25 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at. .
C. R. "ANSEN^^.^^Phone Gra.t 185
I'iS^afS t^waT $ 2 C O°; U K KuVa $ nt:
$8 week; cook, boarding house. $25; assistant
marker and distributor, hotel laundry, $15
and board. FAMILY ORDERS !
German" cook, 2 in family, San Rafael. $23;
3 cooks and houseßlrl. $25; 20 girls of all na-
tionalities for general housework, city and
country. $20 and $25; neat young nucse girl,
18- woman with a child for ranch. $15. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, $25: 2 waitresses and
parlor maids. $25: 3 second girls. $20 and 25;
chambermaid and seamstress, $25; ■ girl for
housework, 3 in family,. $25, and a large
numtJer of girls to fill our numerous situa-
tions. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel, $20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses. $5 and $6 week; 2 chamber-
maids and waitresses, $20; cook, small hotel.
$25, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. j
NEAT woman for chamberwork, plain cooking,
etc., $20; cook and laundress, $25; chamber-
maid and waitress for Nevada: . housework
girls for the country. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell st.
3 young German cooks, $25 and $30.
3 second girls, $25 and $20. ".'^
North German, refined nurse, $30.
10 housegirls. $15, $25. '.
WANTED— A coat finisher on custom made
coats. 520 Kearny St.. room 1.
HELP WASTED- Continued.
COOK $25: second girl, $20; nurse $25; house
Kirl ' Belvedere, $25, see party here; cook,
boarding house. $25; second girl, $lo: young
_lrl to assist $10; house girl. 2 in family,^
f 2 a! ranch cook. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
SU tterji^ '
chambermaids, nurseglrls
and girls for housework. MRS. HlKl>, 631
Larkln st.
WANTED— IO young ladles for the female ama
teur minstrels. Apply at Clneograph Parlor,.
747 Market at., to-day, between 10 and 2.
GIRL wantedTcook and' assist in housework.
I wagesJl^APPly M» Hay— t-
i YOUNG girl for light housework; no washing
Call in jnornlng. 1611 Vallejo st.
FREMONT, 32H— w 'll res_ me Wednesday
morning. .
to wait at table. Berlin
j " Restaurant. 249 Fourth st.
WANTEE^Ywing girl for light housework;
wages $10. 1362 Geary st.
LADIES to canvass patent medicine; well
known: big commission. Apply 515 Gough st.
_pp__Es»T_C_ro_|ve«t»- 333 Kearny st.. room
11. .
GIRL" to assist in light housework. Apply 11J4
Turk st.
Ni:RSE wanted to take care of a. child; expe-
rience and references required; wages }15.
Apply 3232 Jackson st.
APPRENTICES on custom pants. Apply 834
Ellis s~t.
NEAT young girl for light housework; good
" home. Apply 2504 Clay st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines e n
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & Ml.
CHELS', 531 Mission St.
WANTED— Apprentice for halrdresslng. A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market St., opposite Tenth.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; stead >
work; good wages. 62S Jessie st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20, to sell cosmetics la
the country; good salary- Apply between
10 and 12 a. m. at 40 Geary at.
WANTED by physician, a competent woman
about 30; references. Box 401. CalL
FIRST-CLASS finishers; also apprentice* oa
custom coats. 641 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The W«ekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in tna
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP "WANTED M.-L.E.
MURRAY & READY Phone, Main 6348
Leading employment and labor agents.
WANT TO-DAY.. ................
4 men to work In hop yard, etc., $30; 5 labor-
ers for a large firm. $20 and found; vegetable
gardener for a lumber company, $30 and
found- 6 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
$20 $15 and found; 4 milkers and butter mak-
ers $30 $25, $20 and found; 4 vineyard graft-
Z°' $26 and foundl
Irish ' catholic farm hand $20 and found;
6 laborers to excavate, etc $26 and found;
6 men to get out rock • ••
stableman. $25; cabinet maker German,
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
IRONER and polisher 4 cooks, $25 to $40
3 waiters, $25 and $20 Bedmaker, $20.
M U RRAY & RKADY, 634 and 63S Clay at,
TIEMAKERS 12c each TIEMAKERB
Exceptional good redwood, fare $2 63; very
lon_ Job; also 264 tiemakers for different
places. Be, 9efl2c each. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
TOOLS furnished 20 woodchoppers;
first-class timber; 4-foot redwood, <0c cord;
4-foot pine wood, $1 cord; also 97 woodchop-
pers for different firms In California. $1 60,
$1 25, $1 and 70c cord. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Want to-day
Second cook, $60; broiler, $50, country hotel,
see party here: broiler, hotel, $45; baker, no
bread, hotel, $35: baker's helper, $15. |
Head waiter, $50; waiter, $10 a week. f
LAUNDRY HELP
head laundryman (iron, mark and distribute),
country hotel, $35 and found; lroner, institu-
tion, city, $25 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS ■
Hostler, first-class, city stable, $1 day and
board: carpenter, $2 25 a day; milker, $20
and found; painter, house work and sign,
steady job. near citj_ $2 50 a day; shoemaker;
woodsmen; laborers for a mine, $1 50 a day;
grafter, vines, $1 25 and board a day.
RAILROAD WORK
laborers teamsters
ship to-night; two-thirds free fare.
Blacksmith: railroad carpenter. $2 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at
WANTED— 4 miners, $2 50 day and $40 and
found; fruit farmer. $15: driver and solici-
tor for laundry; 5 tiemakers, 9 to 11 cents;
laborers, $1 75 day: cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. _^
WANTED— 4 miners, $52 per month: half fare
paid; good, steady job: farmers, milkers and
others. W. D. EWER _ CO.. 626 Clay st.
TO go to-morrow; S barkers for the woods,
$S0 and board: fare $2 50. R. T. WARD &.
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st-
2 FIRST-CLASS butlers, $45 and $40. . MISS
PLUNKF.TT, 4U4 Sutter at.
RECRUITS wanted for the ITnlted States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the age* of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read anil
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— First-class solicitor for hotel and
restaurant tea and coffee trade; salary and
commission to the right man; give reference.
Box X.3, ("all office.
WANTEIv- First-class ripsawyer; heavy work,
requiring strong, active man. Apply CAL.
BARREL FACTORY, Potrero.
WAGON blacksmith wanted at 630 Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California at.
GOOD bootblack and porter for barber shop.
Address L. K. TALLEY, box 315, Vallejo.
WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel cash
business; must be satisfied with $1S per week
and have $150 cash. 1032 Market, room 4.
MAN or lady to take orders for printing. 42Q
Montgomery St., room 3s. (
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new, from 60c to $1 ."0; new chocs,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second stg.; open Sundays.
WANTED— A boy to learn the drug trada. Call
from 8 to 9 at 1207 Market st. t
WANTED— Bright boy to learn upholsteringj
wages $2 50 to start. 1020 Larkln st.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day; good workman; 15c shop. Box 1047, Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 350
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission at.
corner Fourth. g
PLUMBER wanted with $60 to buy es-
tablished central shop; no opposition. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
MAN for nursery and flowers. Call 500 Halght
street. .
TAir ORS— Ladies' tailors wanted for Seattle,
Wash. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO..
Market and Second sts.
BOY wanted In drug store; address stating
age; references. DRUGS, Call branch of-
flce, 387 Hayesjst
W \ VTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt,
M~AN to put out circulars. Call after 10 a. m.
'HC Gough st^. ' j
FOR city; lady or gentleman; good profits; ' J
also agent every county. Rm 4, 408. Ca1. at.
WANTED— Reliable persons in every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs;
no canvassing: cash paid. WILL A. MOL-
TON CO.. Cleveland, O.
CARRIAGE painter wanted at Twenty-third
and Bartlett sts.
BARBERS'.— Good 2 chair loc shop; a bargain.
106 Ellis St.. DECKELMAN BROS.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
MKBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
; BOY to learn underpressing •» custom panta.
541 Market st.
WANTED -Flpemakers; 10 first-class round
searaers: none but experienced men need ap-
ply. J. D. HOOKER CO.. factory 202 Kail-
road st., Los Angeles.
I WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 ' large
rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no expsrt-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^ Mission
6t.. men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c ncr
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S F
Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts. montt> -
SEATTLE House. 106* Third~^r~ Furnl _ hed
rooms. 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, J2 50; men'i
aolelng. Ssc: only one price. 923 Howard st. "4
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per nie-ht- 750 _T
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863V4 Market SHELP XV Con tinned.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
cleritt. Xncx Collection Agency. 112 Slitter st.
L-tNGLE. furnished; fine, large sunny and airy
room. ZZc night. Itosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TKY Acme House. SSJ Market St., below Sixth,
lor a room: Isc a night: $1 a week.
\V IN<- H ESTEK House. 44 Third at., nea- Mar-
ket: "00 rooms. 25c ni^ht: reading room; free
'bus and batrKage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, lfi pages, sent to any address In the
Tiilte'l States or Canada one year for $1,
p.^tajre rn'<'-
-GENTS WANTED.
ISK wise and set in while the proposition is
new End make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
BT7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— IO young men to act as agents; big
money. 4<"' Kills St.. room It.
ROOMS ANTED.
WANTED— A pleasant sunny room for light
housekeeping in exchange for dressmaking.
A.l.iross A. M.. Branch Office 2526 Mission st.
WANTED— or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
ket-ping; rent low. Address 526 Turk st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED- Everybody to know that the Metro-
pole Club Rooms are running at 773 Market
st., next door to the Midway Plalsance.
WANTED— IO,OOO ft. Id-hand water pipe for ir-
__■-■■ '■■■- ' to 4 in. S. F. Iron Yd, 204 Mission.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
h. c7~Disc!r£R7?7rrrrrr!T??^ .. .__._.-____ ..
Office 1020 MARKET ST.
Call and get list of Bargains
15-room house; central; $100 cash $300
?0 rooms; rent $50; on Mission st 1300
M-rocm house: clears (300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
C 4 rooms; corner; clears $300 2700
. £5 ROOMS; EXCHANGE FOR OAK-
LAND OR ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
IS-r.x>— i house; $250 cash, balance $10
' per month
10-room house; new furniture 460
15-room house; good and paying 275
6-room flat; cheap rent 175
6-room flat; down town 300
10-room house; new furniture
60-room corner house; clears $330 2000
" 2S-room house; clears $130 650
46 rooms; corner; clears $250 1500
'10 rooms: near City Hall: very good 450
15 rooms; line sunny corner; clears $100.. 600
12 rooms; on Market: cxc. for large house. 500
2S roorv.s; best cor. in city; owner sick... 2200
15 rooms; rent $">o (transient); half cash.. 1050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO &CO 22 1 . GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms: 10c, 15c, 20c; clears $300 $5000
55 -rooms; best on Fourth st. ; half cash.. 2400
■ J9 rooms; Geary st. ; will pay for itself... 1600
2S rooms; housekeeping; clears 4130 SOO
16 room?; Post .st. ; all full; cheap rent... 850
9 rooms; new and clean; clears $25 SCO
6-room flat; Geary st.; elegant house 4'jQ
I IS ROOMS; cheap rent: new: bargain $ 350
12 rooms; rent $30: give away 300
SS rooms; rent $65: investigate soo
40 rooms; will trade; corner -■>«)
60 rooms: rent $50; only SoO
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
JSOO— 7S ROOMS: corner house: 40 rooms; fur-
nished-; cheap rent: $100 a month profit.'
ji;s0 — Buys a 24-room corner house.
$3»o— $150 down; 12- room houpe; bargain.
Money loaned on furniture. EITEL. 1016 Mkt
NOTICE— 2OO lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$SSA_Bargain; 10 rooms and bath: elegantly-
-furnished; all rented. 770 O'Farrell; 12 to $.
$rrS— BIG bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
Jones st.
" • FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
J J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life, reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure- diseases; diagnosis
free; Fittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. HAHLAND'S circle to-night: tests:
sealed letters read; 10c; readings daily. 120
Sixth st. ;
MMF YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister; sittings dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet so-
ances: S p. m.: 25c. 439 Leaven worth st.
IIKS ELLIS. testa to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 pi m.;
Men.. S; Me: Fittings. $L T33 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 OTarrcll.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent «late
writing medium. 113 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
-card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond eight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
- ing; ladles. 60c; gents. $1; sit.. $159. 126 Turk.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
2!6 Kearny Ft., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. s. Fourth st.
J_ME HANSON, palmist and card reader;
Jagt. present and future: Be. 153^ sth. r. 21.
■MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission »t.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladies,
"• 25c:. gents. 50c. 1063 Mission at., near Seventh.
CLAIP.VOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladies only.
• E43 Natoma st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME MORE AU, the best medium and card
reader; 2ic up. 72 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'FarreU st.
\°~ r .MI IV. ASTROLOGY.
•PROF. MONROE. 777 Market st.; future
■events, 60c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
IIMK NEKRGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 33SS Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. white 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
-SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH,. 2115 Bush
Et.j 15 years' experience: references given.
LOST.
LOST^BIack and white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to ill Fifth st. and receive reward.
LOST F*eb 27— Black smooth hair dog. long!
ears' small white spot on chest; named Lulu;
reward. L. RINASSA. Campi'3 restaurant,
631 Clay st. _
iU'reWARD— Lost 2 weeks last Sunday, small
white fox terrier bitch; name Queenie; had on
nickel collar; bad long ears, black and tan
head black spot on end of back. Return 1620
Eddy at.
LOST— passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Fan Francisco, In the
name of GEORGIE PECKHAM; No. 204-
-1339; the finder will please return to bank.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister St., near Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no' fee without success; collections, G. W.
.; HOWE, atty-at-law, &',O Market, cor. Stockton.
L" "S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
. W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st. .
TYPEWRITERS. !
AX— typewriter- sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph. $15; Yost, $25;
trt-t "r ample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st.
~s_ wingTm achT. es.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
JPROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$6000— EQUITY: 80 acres fruit and vines; never-
! falling crop; 10-room house; large barn; Santa
1 Crj.z County: will take same equity in bay
property. Address box 300, Call office. .
GOOD property to exchange for a hotel. J. H.
EPSON. IZO9 Broadway. Oakland. -
TO LEA «E.
POINT RICHMOND R. R. terminus; lots, bus-
iness and res. G. W. Haight. 220 Sansome.
FOJ^ Rent— Park House and cottages for rent or
lease. For particulars address J. T. ADAMS.
Ben Lomond, ganta Cruz County.' Cal.
STOK AGE.
.PIIiRCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tej. Main 5713.
PIERCE - T A YLOK Storage Company; pack-
tog. advances, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1800— TRANSFER corner saloon; 18 furnished
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liauors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILjCE & cNFUG, 806 Market at.
CHICKEN ranch, 4 acres land; house of 4
rooms; chicken houses: tine stock; well water;
doae to Oakland; price $2500. WILKE & UN-
FUG, 806 Market at.
S22S— CIGAR stand. Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE _ UNFUG, 806 Market Bt.
$350— Corner saloon; Battery and Sacramento
sts. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$300— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20; on McAllister st.; daily receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG, SOo Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location: close to California on
Kearny at. ; rent low. Particulars WILKE &
JL'NFI'G, 906 Market st.
A— S2OOO— BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; owner compelled by
sicknefs to retire. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUG. &06 Market st^
A— SI7SO— SALOON on StocKton and Market sts. ;
established many years and first-class; pay-
Ing; 3 years' lease; an excellent opening;
Blcknesß cause of sale. WILKE & UNFLu.
806 Market st.
A— sK*o; CORNER grocery and bar on Post it.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business ; fullest investigation sollc-
ltc-d: owner to engage in commission busi-
nees. Call en WILKE AJUNFUQ. »tt Market.
IROCERY and bar; living rooms; north
of Market; paying cash business; present
owner there 8 years. M. LESS. W5 Market at.
$450_SALOON and lunch house; near Market;
central: 9 rooms; furniture included; a bar-
pain without Its equal. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$125<K' grocery and bar; best part of
>n; \aiue Ip stock; living rooms: rent s 2»;
horse and wagon. M. LESS. 760 Market St.
$450— SALOON ; north of and near Market St.;
heart of city: old established, well known
a:. a popular resort; full value In sight; busl-
■peaka for Itself; thorough investiga-
tion afforded: satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. M. 1. Market at.
$450u— GROCERY (no bar); best part north
Market Bt.; value In stock; all saleable and
firs-t class; strictly ca.-h business; best class
trade; receipts from $00 to. SSO dally; reason-
able rent; thorough investigation Invited;
owner has country property needing atten-
tion; unequaled bargain. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$1700— SALOON; good location; 30 rooms; all oc-
cupied; big bar trade; value in sight: business
speaks lor itself; actually worth $3000; trial
n; nothing can beat this. LEPS, 760 Mkt.
WANTED— A man with small capital capable
of doing plain office work; best business of
Ind !n city; trial. >I. LESS, 765 Market.
S2OOO— MARKET et. ; central; 38 rooms; paying
concern; grand bargain. M^LESS, 76.V Market.
$_wPpaRTNER. light business; $1S a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it. west-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
SS5O— PARTNER; great investment; $30 day
trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$17C0— PARTNER, livery business: office work;
$300 a month clear; value In stock. Western
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$3(K>— SMALL business for lady; good living.
•*rn Investment Co., 9 Geary Bt.
$450— SALOON; $S clear a day; sickness. W. st-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary Bt.
$550— GROCER** and bar; a snap; sickness.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— BARBER shop; elegantly furnished; good
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$450— RESTAURANT; high class trade: good
location; ssll on account of death. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary St.
WANTED— Light manufacturing business;
wanted saloon; must bo good location. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$250— DINING parlor, handsomely fitted up; free
rent: fine location; will clear $50 month; good
chance for 2 ladies or) man and wife. National
acy. 7 Grant ave^
$200— PARTNER, commission business; will
clear $75 munth -ten. National Agency. 7
Grant aye.
$500— BARBER shop, 6 chairs; will clear $100
month. • NATIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$350— WORTH JSOO; coal yard, hay. grain, oil
route; 150 customers. BASILE. 873^. Market.
WANTED— Free-milling gold property; cash
buyer. BASILS. 87aH Market et.
ATTENTION — Big profltp; small Investment;
Al mining proposition; also useful invention;
territory for sale; call quick. JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market st.. for square dealing.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc., call on CLARK & CO., room 509, Ex-
aminer building.
MOCO— FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
business; thriving town; owner other busl-
ness; must sell. JONES & CO.. 865 Market.
A— ST.O— CIGAR stand; Market st. $4.'o— Lodging
new; 14' rooms. $550— Elegant
Market and 4th Bta. CULI'EIi. IMT^ Market.
BARBER shop, running two chairs steady, in
Oakland, at a bargain. Apply to S'ILOT_,
M.irket st^ . i
IF you want to buy a business call on us; we
have what you want. German-American. 34
Kearny st.
$3250^ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many, years and doing first-class
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel: owner
•must leave for Europe on account of famiiy
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400.
Call office. .
$450— REST AUR ANT ; worth $1000: selling on
account of death in family: receipts $30 per
day located in 2fXi-room hotel; owner going
to Europe; no agents. r- a il Kearny st.
BARGAIN; saloon jvith living rooms; central
location, cheap rent, good trade; make offer;
owner cannot attend. Inquire Call office.
IN private hotel (40 occupied rooms) a partly
furnished kitchen and dining room to rent.
962 Poet st.
TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY &J^O., 1206 Market.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
X TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. 1008 V. Market St.
RESTAURANT for sale: near Postofflce. 108
utn Pt., near Mission.
HOO— HALF Interest in good-paying business;
$75 per month each. M6S Market st , upstairs.
BARBERSHOP iii Oakland al a. bargain; must
be sold. Box fi43. Call office, OaklandL
$550— RESTAURANT, clearing $200 per month;
trial given. . Apply 827 Mission st.
FOR Sale— First-class bakery; all store trade;
In good location; on account of 111-health.
Box 1029. Call office.
BARBER shop with S chairs on reasonable
terms; must sell on account of owner being
sick. Apply at 423 Washington et.
PARTNER wanted with some capital in dyeing
and cleaning work. Box 1031. Call office.
$T5,000— BUSINESS cornen lot 75x109, with 2-
Btory building; rents for $100 per month; will
exchange for ranch; situated 1 block from
Market-st. Station. $250 caeh, balance $1000
can remain; cottage of 6 rooms and bath, lot
25x125 situated Adeline st., near Eighteenth.
W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh St., Oakland, Cal.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assißtfd by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office, 45 Suttcr et., opposite Oc-
rkl<-ntal Hotel: the latest new York and
Chicago markets^
FLORIST and nursery stock: greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
525 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Haight st. ; no agents.
FOR sale— A cozy barber shop and cigar stand;
doing good business; owner leaving city;
sickness cause. Address box 50, Call office.
WILL pay cash for stock of any kind of goods;
city or country, without delay; must be
cheap. Box 1019. Call office.
RESTAURANT men, attention— For sale, best
place on East St.; no agents. Address box
423, Call office.
■yViLL pay good price for some office and house-
hold furniture and a modern piano. Box 1021,
Call office.
CHEAP branch bakery ana dairy store; 4
rooms. Apply TO7 Devlsadero st.
GOOD restaurant; good location; very cheap.
Apply Call office. f
$Too— HALF Interest in good-paying business;
$75 per month each. 1066 Market it.
$60— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $12. 1024 Larkin st^
HER shop; good location: cosh business;
■sickness .cause for selling. Box 398, Call.
RESTAURANT, Sixth St.; established 10 years;
good business; $600. Apply Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento »t.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pcg<.-8. In wrapper, for mailing. H per year.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021% Market, bet, ttfl and 7U-K
MHS DRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes Bt. ; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases j
of the eye treated by herbs. I
THE SAN FftANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
HOI'SES TO LET.
HOUSES. FLATS.
8 r.; 1220 Laguna.l3s'7 rooms; 5*30 Sutter.s4o
10 r.; 1118 Guerrero 40 6 rooms; 1020 Geary. 28
7: 1222 Buchanan. 35:7 r. ; 2926 California. 3u
Call, and set a list.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HAVES, 252, near Gough— 7 sunny rooms; bath;
yard. *
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rant department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWKLL, 10 Montgomery" 8t ;
$10 50— HOUSE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 46S Lln-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna sta.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large yard and base-
ment. 214 Collingwood St.. bet, lath and 20th.
NICE cottage, 5 rooms, bath; large yard and
stable; $12. 4155 2Cth st.. near Castro.
TO LET— IS 62 Turk St.— Cottage; 4 rooms; por-
tion stable; reasonable rent.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. bu»der. »21
X st.. Sunset District.
_Tlats to let.
egant 7- room upper flat; bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m.' 718 A Bush st.
A— ELEGANT 5 rooms, porcelain bath, electric
lights, etc., $27 50 J 1718 Page st-
CLAY, 1415 A. bet. Leajvenworth and Hyde—
Flr_t-clas3 sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
CORNER sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath. 717
Franklin st., near Golden Gate aye.
ELLIS. 622%— Rear flat of 4 large sunny rooms;
also flat of 2 large rooms; separate entrance;
yard; at 624 Ellis Bt.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window, bath; $12. 716
Natoma St., between Eighth and Ninth.
I FLAT, 5 rooms, "bath and stable; 18 Byington
| aye. Apply 1621 O'Farrell at.
1 ON GLEN PARK AYE.
No S, lowr flat, 4 r.sls No 27, uppr flat. 4 r.$U
No 5, lowr fiat, 4 r. lcNo 34. third flat, 4 r. 12
No 32, house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry $25
; On Twelfth st.; 5 rooms, bath, laundry. .s22 50
Gardens in front, large yards in rear; most
picturesque avenue in city; In warm belt;
dry atmosphere and beauty of surroundings
make it most desirable for bronchial or lung
troubles; bet. Mission & Howard, 12th & 13th.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th . _
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
4073 TVVKNTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms: $15.
r.97 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
! $17.
| 47 Pond st.; upper eunny 5 rooms; $14.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat. 5 rooms complete; respect-
able neighborhood; parties going to their
Rummer home; responsible parties only. 311
Taylor; 2 to 4 p. m.
KOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH 140S, near Van Ness— 'S rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rentJi-O^
EDDY, 617—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; lately renovated; also single at $4 up.
EDDY, 917— Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; every convenience; private residence.
ELLIS, 330—2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
in rear; rent $10.
FIFTH, 322 — 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms, complete; bath; prfij&te; $10.
GUI-DEN GATE, 1410— Finely furnished alcove;
Bun all day; housekeeping. *
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: large yard; rent $14.
HOWARD, l j— Homelike sunny rooms, $1 50
j per week; also one at $1; bath^
i HYDE, 414—2 unfurnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family. '
JESSIE. 478. Near Sixth— Furnished rooms;
light housekeeping; also others.
LARKIN, 171»— 2 front rooms, partly furnished;
Jl2; gas range; private family^
MARKET 1»24-2 sunny newly carpeted par-
lor rooms for_ housekeeping; could arrange for
kitchen.
MINNA. 4."4— Two sunny back rooms, furnished
for housekeeping complete.
MISSION, 839— Sunnny suite, completd for
| housekeeping; $10; large rooms $s.
j MISSION. 2055—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; yard: reasonable.
MISSION 2133—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; hot water, bath, etc; cheap.
OAK. 31 — 1. ~ and 3 housekeeping rooms; front
room; gas range; water; bath.
OCTAVIA, 519— Three sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $12; gaa: bath.
POST, 2406 — Furntehf-d room, with use of
kitchen; private family.
SILVER, 95— Sunny bay- window front room
and kitchen; nicely furnished; also other
rooms; reasonable. '
SIXTH, 28%— Nicely famished eunny front
rooms for light housekeeping;; rent reasonable
SIXTH 216H— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: light housekeeping & sing.; rent rea_.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent cheap.
SUITE of two large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
room; $6 per month. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission St., between First and Second sts.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 or 3 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 62, near Second— Lower part of
house, 3 large- rms and closets; good order: $9.
TENTH 138, corner Minna— 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms; stove; running water; single.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367, near Mission— 2 large
Funny connecting furnished housekeeping
rooms, $". t
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
modern conveniences.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath ; rooms, tOe to $1 SO day. MRS. J. KING.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT SUTTER 717— 831— Sunny; choice; reason-
able ; appreciated if seen; please Investigate.
Xt~l4A Geary— Double bed. hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plazas day or month.
A— SUTTER, 717— 831— Sunny ; choice; reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant corner room-;
eun all day; all conveniences; elevator; fam-
ilies and gentlemen.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, BUites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 684, The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY. 118— Sunny front rooms. $7 to $li per
month; others, $6 upward.
EDDY, 429— Front suite; beautifully furnlsh»d;
running water In back room; gas. grate and
bath; central and reasonable^
ELEVENTH, 106, near Mission— Nice sunny
housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH 353— Clean furnished housekeeping
rooms; 3, $12; 2, $12; single rooms, $4 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 603—3 furnished rooms;
double or single; gas and bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—1 larze sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE. 1404 -Finely furnished front
eunny single room; bath adjoining; $5.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LEAVENWORTH. 517— Single furnißhed room
for gent, $1 25 per week.
MNRKET 1824, near Franklin— Large front
p'unny room, newly furnished; housekeeping;
rent $12^
MARTHA place 6. off Geary, above Mason-
Large sunny room for one or two; $8.
MASON. 219— Furnished rooms; 2 gentlemen or
man and wife; also single.
MCALLISTER. 10O1A— Sunny bay- window room;
use of bath; 1 or 2 gentlemen preferred; rent
reasonable.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; transient^
MISSION, 2328— Nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen with quiet habits preferred.
NATOMA. 282, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
roomB; rent $6; with sink and running water.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month. _
O'FARRELL, 208— Newly furnished front sunny
I rooms; cheap; also others.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
O'FARRELL, 416— Nice eunny rooms by the
day, week or month.^
O'FARRELL, 502. Jones, 503— Changed hands;
newly furnished eunny single or en suite, $6
per month up.
PINE 514 A near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; $5 up.
POLK 1635— Respectable parties wanted for
furnished room; strictly private; home com-
forts.
&ACRAMENTO. 1621— Furnished back parlor
for 1 or 2; reasonablej jprlvate^ family^
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable: also housekeeping^
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also housekeeping; terms
reasonable^
THIRD 303— Furnished sunny front rooms;
single and double; $1 a week and_up_.
TT'RK 543— Nicely furnished sunny room; gas;
bath; very desirable; $1 50 per week.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room.' $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HYDE 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: families solttlted: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
POST, 609. near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SOUTH PARK, 159 — Sunny furnished room,
with or without board.
SUTTER 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden, with exoelent board; desira-
ble location. r
VAN NESS, Sso— Elegantly furnished front
rooms: privilege of parlor and piano; tele-
phone: table flrst-ciapp.
RESTAURANTS.
CAMPTS^Restaurant: any 2 16c dishes, with
small coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farre)!. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
W V STERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream rnrlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
childre:* boarded.
CHILDREN boarded in country; good home;
mother's care; Pleasanton. Address box 9SB.
Call office. _________„_»_.___«_■
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELIT~I43— Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor In last 6 years; furnished.
! MARKET, 1206-rSunny corner, euitable for
offices; nlso furnished rooms.
MEDICAL.
A SURET~safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor an.l state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 810 Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8; Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relipf guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can rfturn home the
Fama day: no Instruments used: Felf cure. $5;
home In confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion: all can pave time and expense by con-
pultine the doctor, free, before going else-
where MRS DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hrs. 10 to 5 and 7 to S p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
E0 yearn' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind Fvmpathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
LADlEB— Chlchesttr's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable: take
no other: Frn<l 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and FUre; no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free: traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed: cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 87 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A^-DR G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
tree. Call or write, 1023V4 Market st.
XILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-Bth, tel. Mint 1633.
~j^ TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $.': travelers helped in-
■tantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X at., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; Fare cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
BUCKEYE capsules, a boon to married ladles;
harmless, safe, sure; $1 box; sample box 25c.
Buckeye Co.. Station M. San Francisco. CaL
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best ref s. ;
1540JA Howard: Mrs. M. Wledemann. midwife.
LADIES — Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles; $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1118 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages.. In wrapper, for mnlllng. tl p^r year.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. $27 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
• expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt., corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday.
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.,
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jes^e 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 flrat
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full eet of
teeth, $5: crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. S Mason St.. corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices ; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
iET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 989 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental ' Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. SOo: diver. S.'ir: crowns, t3.
CAitPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, l_ys carpeU. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
18 and 40 Eigltth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 363-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4E3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 8c
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
Bt. ; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ,
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN desires acquaintance discreet,
unlneumbered young widow. Matrimony,
box 1010. Call. |
NOTICE— S. ONETO has declared to have sold
his share of business, debt and credit to L.
TORRE, grocery firm, on 442 Montgomery ay.
DROP In to the Metropole Club rooms; the
finest in the city. 773 Market St., opposite
the Phelan building.
NO place Just as good; go to LEDERER'S to
have your hair dressed, 2:c; the very longest
hair rolls, not shjjrt or_nedium. for 30c. 12' i
Stockton st. ■
LEDERER'S Quinonia hair tonic will take
away that dead look from your hair; 35c bot-
tle; try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter tt.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
6end for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed, busts developed by the
Harmonic Vibrator; genuine. delightful,
scientific; superior to all kncrwn methods.
Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell et., S. F.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third Bt.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to »1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— OPERA bangs and switches. 50c up; sale
this week only; artistic opera dressing. La
Verite Halrdresslng Parlore, 30 Geary St.;
phone Red 2718. ____________
THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth St.: $30 and $40
suit 6 at your own price: perfect fit guarnt d.
FOR SALE— Dressmaking parlors; best loca-
tion in city. Address E. T.. box 1009, Call.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS. DR.FCNKE, 1416 Bth. Alameda.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no in-
jection. Gurntd.Dr.Gordln,Sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny^
DR F YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market Bt,, rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth^
FOLDING beds 18 50; bedrm sets $S; bed loung-
es $4 DO; open ev's. L. J. OTTOMAN!*, 1— 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom jrt.
BERWIN & GASSNER, urriers, formerly on
Post Bt., removed to store 110 Kearny Bt.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20. Sansomejt
SUITS to order on easy installments. _.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milll-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sen.. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
eaying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post et.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rnpldtty at figures by rioted exp|ft
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 672-6, Parrott blag.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis xystem; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. PAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arrhi. ; day & eve :
es t. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Re»fro and Miss M. Smitten. I™l Sutfr st-
Ml iICAIi INSTRUMENTS.
AeTwe are gelling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos :or $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Pts., Kan Frajjclsco. and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
JTfew upright bargains.
Cramer; good for practice ♦ <-
-Weber; fine condition loi
Sterling: walnut case _j
Bradford grand upright ;:;••••: ,.V
Easy payments; guaranteed. BENJ. LLU-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOIILKR & CHASE'S
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
ell other musical instruments of all grade-
end prices; terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
MAGNIFICENT Hallett & Davis upright:
must be Hold at once; an offer wanted by
private owner. Room 10, Flood building.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister St.
FINE Estr-y organ: a bargain; pood as new.
Apply forenoons. 622' i Shotwell st^
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
FINE Estey organ; a bargain; good as new.
Apply forenoons, 614 Shotwell Bt.
BARGAIN in fine upright piano at room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
6COTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy 308 Post st. •
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LI.ER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
40^HORSE~S*^for^sale^ afaiT'wagons. buggies?
carts, harness; Grand Arcafle Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
AVAGOJVS AND CARRIAGES.
BELLING Mil New and second-hand wagons
for sale Cfteag at 630 Broadway.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's fine and fast road
team with road wagon and harness com-
plete. Address box 1022, Call office.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. S2S Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery.' Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
PORTABLE oven for sale. N. McCOLLUM,
331 Sixth st.
FOR $1 will be sent to any address recipe for
mixing one of the best fire ana waterproof
roofing Daints ever used at a cost of less
than 11 cents per gallon. Address W. W.
PIKE, box 217. Bar Mills. Buxton, Maine.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st..
above Sixth. ■
PAINTERS' staging, paints, varnish, enamels,
brushes, rtc; good, complete outfit for man
going In business; cheap. 403 Stevenson st.,
corner of Fifth.
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland. Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism ;sampl; write.
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
prices; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 Cal. St.
A 14- KARAT gold stem-winding American, $25;
worth S6O. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE canary birds; strong and healthy;
50c and 75c. 3158 Sixteenth st.
FOR Sale— Tank, windmill, frame; nearly new.
703 San Bruno aye.
A LAUNDRJf plant complete; dryer, boiler, eiw
gine, etc. WHITE'S, 516 Mission at.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 648 Mission st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co. : tables.
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $1CO; 2. $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Be'.t Co., 519 Mission st. ; tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE. $35: ' attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or gTSphophone. Bacigalupl. J'3.i Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new a:i<l second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, B. t".
\ CITY RKAL '_ I STATE. ' " ''\~J_
! '■ — MISSION COTTAGES
Four 6 6 and 8 room houses .on the sunny
side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
Noe; $2280 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder. ■■ ■ c
WILL build 7-room house. Webster, near .
Union, and sell: $500 cash; balance $3o per
month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
NEW— of Chestnut and Leavenworth
sts.; 6 rooms, bath; marine view; street work
done; small cash payment; lot 27:6x110.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— 6O acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and Milpitas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance train land; good 9-room house, barn,
well, windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh st., Oakland.
2 ACRES; small house of 3 rooms; barn; about
60 fruit trees; fine place for chicken ranch;
located about 2 1 miles north of Haywards;
very cheap. ARMSTRONG, Real Estate
Agent, Haywards. '■■"'• ■
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, . hay, grain.
i fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
1 and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor Mills bdlg.. 8. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., 8. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe 'bldg., 1170 Market St.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V6 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- :
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary; small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS ,CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLT, 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgr. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
______________
MOSEY WASTED.
YOUNG lady wants to go into business; would
like to borrow $200: will pay good interest
as quickly as possible. Box 1044, Call office.
WANTED— Loan of $10,000 on good Berkeley
rental property; income $135 per month; will
pay 8 per cent Interest: also other loans.
Address C. P. KERN. 2429 Bancroft way,
Berkeley. Cal. ' -
FINANCIAL. ~
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
telß. etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Emamlner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. #
FOR sale — l-acre chicken, ranch at Fruitvale,
with everything complete; also part in full
bearing fruit, etc.: good house and barn;
1 horse, wagons, incubators and chickens:
handy to cars and is the best paying place in
Fruitvale: open to full Investigation. ALDEN
CO., 902 Broadway.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly: cottage cabin; lot 50x
150; price $190 all told; 150 feet new fencing;
large grove of trees: fine soil; grand view;
excellent climate: no fogs nor cold winds;
near a fine 3-story schoolhouse and electric
cars; 90-foot boulevard; streets all graded;
some macadamized; drainage perfect; a few
lots $75 upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly; special
terms made; Allendale Tract, East Oak-
land. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
St.. near Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Owner.
FOR Sale— Three modern houses, 8 rooms. Just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN. 3d & Washington sts., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHEL.L.-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh «t. Sea him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000 Lot 50x125; house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200—75x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand St., near San Antonio aye.
— 50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut St., near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st.
$2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207: half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash, $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150; fine
location; San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
A fine business corner, 25x82:8; store and flat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO.. 1432 Park st.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
H. J. Engelbrecht and May E. Williams 29-24
Henry A. T. Wohrden and Martha J. Kuhl. 27-22
Fred Hanak and Hulda Cahen 28-22
Paul E. Kumll and Anna Hermann 23-29
Jacob H. Hawes and Ella E. Cooks 60-59
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
IRVINE— this city, March 13, 1899, to the
wife of Thomas Irvine, a son. -
~~~ ~ ~~ MARRIED.
GAENICKE— OTT— In this city, March 11, 1599,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Louis Gaenicke
and Sidonia Ott.
GARDES— HIPPEN— this city, March 8, 1899,
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Henry Gardes
and Ellle Hippen.
HEINE— In this city, March 11, 1899,
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Fred C. Geide
and Lizzie Heine.
IVANOFF— STEYER— in this city. March 12.
1599. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, .Charles
N. Ivanoff and Martha Steyer.
SCHLOSSER — VANDERBILT— In this city.
March 11, I*9o, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
John W. Schlosser and Nellie Vanderbllt.
WISENDEN— this city, March 13.
18*9, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
William Wisenden and Mrs. Christina Alma
Levy, both of San Francisco.
___ DIED.
Ancel, Gustave Magorty, Michael R.
Bornla, Giovanni ' Manheim, Estelle
Bowler, Timothy Murasky. .Ellen
Busnen, Dledrich Peard. Henry
Diers, Margaretha Reiterman, Raymond
Finnegan, Josie C. Rlordan, Annie
Ford. John Rowan. Maria J.
Gilbert, Caroline • Sherman, Agnes C.
Glover, Hannah Shohay, Mary
Gruner. Ferdinand Sllva, Tobaiso C.
Haas, Henry Spillum, Charles J.
Horn. Joseph P. Tracey, Thomas
McGulre (infant) Vanderslice, William
McManus, Florence- Watts, Theodore T.
ANCEL— this city, March 13, 1599, Gustave
Ancel, a native of France, aged 73 years.
BORNIA— In the City - and County Hospital,
March 12, ISS9, Giovanni Bornla, a native of
Italy, aged 34 years.
BOWLER— In this city, March 12, 1899, Tim-,
othy, dearly beloved son of Timothy and Nora
' Bowler, and brother of Maurice, John. Mary,
Catherine, William. Edward and Thomas
Bowler, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years. ■ ■
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, foot of Buchanan street,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUSHEN— In Fruitvale. March 12, 1899, Died-
rich Bushen, beloved father of Mrs. George
W. Welch and Nicholas Bushen, a native of
Gluckstadt, Holsteln. Germany, aged 78 years
6 months and 14 days.
(C7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of his daughter. Mrs. George W.
Welch. Lincoln avenue. Upper Fruitvale. in-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
DIERS— In Germany, February 27. 1899, Mar-
garetha Diers, sister of Mrs. Ida Faltinga
and P. M. and Henry Diers.
FINNEGAN— In this city. March 11. 1899. Josie
C, beloved daughter of Joanna and the late
Peter Finnegan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 27 Ford street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FORD— In this city, March 13, 1599, John Ford,
late of Virginia City. Nev., beloved husband
of Ellen Ford, and father of Mrs. M. F. Joy
and Mrs. W. W. Pearson, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 66 years. (Virginia
City, Nev., Grass Valley, Cal.. papers please
copy.)
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Care'w & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street.
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 11
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cros»
Cemetery.
GILBERT— In this city, March 12, 1599. Caro-
line, relict of Ferdinand Gilbert, and beloved
mother of Ferdinand and Caroline Gilbert and
the late Eugenia Kelly, a native of Germany,
agpd 65 years. ,
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1408 Sixteenth street, between De Haro
and Caroline. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
GLOVER-In this city. March 12, 1*99. Han-
nah beloved wife of Rofcert O. Glover, and
daughter of John Murray, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years. (Oakland papers
please copy.)
tCTFriendS- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11 Glen Park avenue. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via the 9 o clock
creek boat.
GRUNER— In this city, March 12, 1899, Ferdi-
nand, beloved son of Elizabeth Gruner. and
brother of Frank and William Gruner, Mrs.
George Schaefer and Mrs. William J. Herr-
mann, a native of Philadelphia, a«ed 41 years
and 19 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from Verein Etntraeht Hall.
Twelfth street, near Folsom. where the
services will be held, commencing at Z
o'clock, under the auspices of Elntraeht Ve-
rein. By special request of the family gen-
tlemen will please keep their hats on at the
grave In the interest of health. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HAAS— In this city, March 11. 1899. Henry
Hass, a native of Weavervllle, Trinity
County, Cal., aged 18 years and 8 months.
CT Remains at the parlors of Charles J.
B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
HORN— In this city. March 12. 1899. Joseph P..
beloved husband of the late Kate C. Horn,
father of W. C. and the late Alexander Horn
and the late Mrs. Emma Van De Water and
Kate Horn, and grandfather of Emma and
Irene Van De Water, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged f!3 years and 9 months.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, W. C. Horn. 20 Hampton place,
off Folsom street, near Third. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
McGUIRE— In this city. March 13, 1899, child
of James and Margaret McOuire, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year and 4 months.
McMANUS— In this city, March 13. 1539. Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of Michael and Mary
McManus, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years.
MAGORTY— In this city, March 12, 1*99. Mich-
ael .R.. beloved brother of Hugh. William and
John Magorty, a native of County Leitrim,
Ireland. A member of Court Bohemian No.
8023, A. O. F. (Boston papers please copy.)
[D'The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), nt 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
Intprment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Townsend and Third
streets.
MANHEIM— In this city, March 12. 1899, E«-
telle Manheim, mother of Mrs. harles Weln-
shenk and Henry S., Fred. Emil, Paul and
Gus Manheim. and sister of Mrs. Julie
Frankel and Gabriel and Isaac Loeb. a na-
tive of Ptrasburg, Alsace, ag-ed 60 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1622 Geary street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
MTRASKY— In this city. March 12. 1*99. Ellen,
beloved wife of William Murasky, and mother
of Judge Frank J. Murasky, a native of
Ireland.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 71S Franklin street, thence to St.
Man's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of h°r soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by special car
from Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock.
PEARD— In this city. March 12. 1899. Henry,
beloved husband of Sophie Peard. and father
of Mrs. James Robertson, Mrs. E. Z. Bowen,
Mrs B. W T . Short and Johnny Peard. a na-
tive of England, aged 47 years 5 months and
4 days.
(TXFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall, I. O. O. F. building, corner of Market
and Seventh streets.
REITERMAN— In this city. March 12. 1899,
Raymond L., dearly beloved son of William
and Mary Reiterman, and brother of Willie.
Nell and Percy Reiterman. a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and 15
days.
[CTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
t'l-mrrrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the residence of his parents. 7 Hickory ave-
nue, thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RIORDAN— In this city, March 13, 1K99, Annie,
beloved wife of Patrick Riordan, and mother
of William F., John J., Edward H., Daniel
W and Katie A. Riordan and Mrs. Charles
Kinkier, a native of Little Island. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 57 years and 11 months.
(Boston and Maldon papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3169 Mission street, between
Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth, thence
to St Paul's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROWAN— In this city. March 12, 1R99, Maria
Jane, beloved wife of Patrick J. Rowan, be-
loved mother of J. P.. Maria. Ethel Jane and
Sarsh Kate Rowan, sister of B. and Tlmothy
McDermott. niece of Mrs. Leonard, and
cousin of Patrick. Thomas anO Mary Mc-
Dermott, a native of County Galway. Ire-
land, aged 38 years.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence ISS6 McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross' Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SHERMAN-In this city. March 11, 1599, Agnes
C ' . beloved wife of Charles H. Sherman of
Santa Barbara. , . ,
CT'Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
services this duy (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock.
at the residence of her brother-in-law. Mr. F.
A. Hyde, 1500 Larkin street. Interment at
Santa" Barbara.
SHOHAY-In this city. March 12. 1899, Mary
beloved wife of the late Francis Shohay, and
mother of Mrs. T. Blma and Frank. Ella,
Josie Mary and the late Will Shohay a na-
tive of Austria, aged 51 years 10 months and
SILVA-In this city. March 11, 1899. Tobaiso
Cievea Silva a veteran of the Mexican War.
a native of Portugal, aged 69 years and 4
ni [S r Friends and acquaintances ire respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of George 'Collins. 3806 Seventeenth street. In-
terment National (Presidio) Cemetery-
SPILLUM— At Ross Landing, Marin County,
March IS IS?9, Charles J. E., beloved husband
of Matilda Spillum, father of A*nes Julie,
Carl Theodore and Rosalie Violet Spillum,
and brother of George Splllum of Butte,
Mont a native of Norway, aged 31 years 9
months and 4 days. A member of the Scan-
dinavian Society.
ICT'NotSce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 123 Stockton street, corner of Geary-
TRA.CFY— In this city, March 13, 1899, Thomas
Traoey, nephew of Michael Morrissey of
Colma, a native of Ireland, aged 33 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of John J. Morrissey, 137 Duncan street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pese of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
VANDERSLICE— In this city. March 12, 1599,
William X., beloved husband of the late
Katherine Vanderslice. and lather of Jean-
ette, Hermine and Milton T. Vanderslice and
Mrs. J. S. Johnson, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 75 years 6 months ..nd 12 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
sonic Vault.
WATTS— In this city. March 11. 1899. Theo-
dore Thomas Watts, late captain of British
bark Sharpshooter, a native of Newfoundland,
aged 49 years.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the par-
lors of N. Gray & Co., 541 Sacramento street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cometery.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan St Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAX.MEBA,
20 Fifth »t., oppo»lte Lincoln ScbooL
Telephone South 80.
1314
OPENING
GRAND OPERA
SEASON.
By Ashton Stevens.
OTHER pen? in other newspapers
will hark back this morning to
i)),- good old days when Pattl
came to San Francisco and the
gilded t>wn turned out in thou
sands and the Grand Opera-house was
a siphi and a sound to enchant the
world. Those Patti times were great
times. They have been a big tradition
to us. tii which we looked back proudly
during the long years of operatic pov
erty that followed. Traditions are
valuable things in a city amputated
from the main body of things operatic
as nurs is; but even the best of them
Krow Btale in time. And ours, except
for the memory of Melba's prodigious
little operatic concert season of last
year, were In a woeful state until last
night.
With last night we acquired a whole
new sot of traditions; we re-immortal
ized our name in the world of impre
sarios; we gave Melba and the Ellis
company a reception which represented
the host that San Francisco, California,
could afford. Talk about your Patti
nights! I remember a few of them, but
nothing that surpasses this opening.
AH that we possess in the way of fash
lon, culture, jewelry and gownery was
offered up last night. The lower floor,
the proscenium boxes, the palco boxes
and the dress circle were masses of
milky shirt bosoms and creamy shoul
ders shot with diamonds and pearls. It
was a wonderful, picturesque night.
Not even the Morosco wallpaper that
adorned the walls, nor the Morosco
ushers poulticed in weird comic opera
costumes that stood in the aisles and
did almost anything but attend prop
erly to their business, could mar the
spell. The town was there in its gor
geous best, and the house was a pic
ture.
I cannot tell you about the thousands
that stood up to witness the perform
ance, for the very good reason that
there was no place for them to stand.
The seats are set right up to the rear
wall and standing room is limited to a
short single line on each side and small
groups in the doorways. The box office
wisely refrained from selling more than
a few admission tickets, so there was
no crowding in the unpleasant sense;
but tho audience, which filled every
seat (they are snug little seats, tightly
packed), was, I dare say, the largest
that ever attended an opera in San
Francisco. And what a mighty applause
it made!
And now for the opera, which after
all is the last thing to be considered on
an opening night. It was that good old
opener, "Faust," and Melba sang Mar
guerite. It was a Melba night with a
vengeance, and the honors, except those
that attended Boudouresque's excel
lent Mephistopheles, were all hers. In
the first place, Bonnard, who was cast
for Faust, was announced ill and Pan
dolfini substituted in the part. Pandol
fini was notified at 6 o'clock, and it is
only fair to say that perhaps his voice
was not ready to be unpacked at such
short notice. He did his best in the
circumstances, and it was not a bad
best, but it was not what the audience
had been keyed up to expect, and it is
a matter of record that the part of
Faust was not a notable success. Pan
dolfini has a light tenor and a very
•white tenor, and his tone is recklessly
open and scattering in the top notes'.
His singing lacked color and his acting
lacked character.
Another disaster was the orchestra.
Mind, I am not trying to make the
orchestra out second rate, for I know
it to be one of the best in the country.
It to be one of the finest in the country;
that has ever visited us in association
with an opera company. But it was
atrociously placed last night. The
reeds and brass were buried in that
"6hell" under the apron of the stage,
and blew they never so hard they could
hardly be heard. The strings, which
were in decent sight and sound, were
forced to carry the entire burden of the
orchestration. At such times as the
cues for the pitch were given out by
the clarionets or by the oboes, the
singers were In a frightful predica
ment. From Mjelba down everybody
had more or less of a turn at singing
off the key. But there will be no more
shelled orchestra in the Ellis season.
It is officially promised that the brasses
and reeds will come up out of their well
and blow tunefully In the sight of all,
commencing to-night.
Except for the lights on the stage,
•which were weak and uncertain, all the
rest is praise. The scening, robing and
stage management were admirable, and
Melba showed us a new phase of her
art in the possibilities offered by Mar
guerite. Her's was a simple, ingenu
ous Marguerite, untheatric and very
Gretchen-like at first; but it grew in
strength and spell as the piece de
veloped and brought out the passion
and dramatic strf ngth that had had
little or no part in Melba's work here
last season in the lighter and more or
namental operas.
It was, indeed, apart from the match
less voice and vocalization, a strong,
impressive essay in musical character
ization. Melba may not be a great
actress, but she is certainly a very'
pocd one in this part; and she sings it
a.s no other woman can to-day, with all
the freshness, purity and spontaneous
vigor that the music demands. So far
as my memory serves me, the garden
scene was every bit as enthralling aa
when Patti sang it in her palmiest
days.
There were hitches in the ensemble,
but Melba's work . was perfect. She
Bang the "Jpflg. pf Th^4g" legend, &
Society ar)d Lovers of Art Are
Enthralled by the Queer) of
Sor>g.
Just the. right way: she mused it, as
one will sometimes muse aloud some
treasured bit of verse. She did not
work the spinning wheel, but busied
herself twining ribbons about the flax
and fondling the flowers. The jewel
song she sang with full and obvious
effect, giving brilliant emphasis to its
moments of surprise, elation and con
cern. It was superb in character and
execution. And in the love scene there
were glow and leap and rich human
ness. Fortunately the church scene
was included in the production, and in
this Melba did full, strenuous work.
There is little need at this time of day
to attempt to describe Melba's voice
and her mode of singing. Not the least
of her greatness lies in the fact that we
can now forget the details of tone and
execution in the mature art with which
she presents an operatic character. Her
Marguerite is a superlative conception,
and it is doubtless a token of what she
will do in "La Boheme" and In "Romeo
and Juliet."
Boudouresque, as I have already said,
was an excellent Mephistopheles. He
brings humor to the devil In large
measures, and his whole performance
Is marked by a certain feline grace that
is very pat to the part. His voice, like
his acting and his person, is lithe and
full of arch suggestion, and his tone is
unerringly true.
Mme. Van Cautren did a bit of un
obtrusively good character as Martha;
Mme. Olitzka was a good if not sensa
tionally good Seibel, and Bensaude did
as much as is usually done with Valen
tine.
The chorus was large and in perfect
hand and Seppilll was not to be blamed
for the smothering of half his or
chestra.
Summing up, the disasters were Mr.
Morosco's -atent "shell" and a sick
tenor. Both will be remedied, and as
all the rest was success we can give
the glad hand of welcome to Mr. Ellis
and his singers for eleven perform
ances to come. _
AS 'TWAS IN THE
DAYS OF YORE
History is repeating itself. .Those
Who have been dazzled by the glorious
tales of the past may revel in the pres
ent and enjoy to the full the oft-quoted
magnificence of the epoch-making Patti
nights.
The grand opera season was inaugu
rated last evening, /nd the wealth' and
beauty, the glitter and elegance that
fashion and art deemed should follow
where Orpheus calls turned out .en
masse and filled the Grand Opera
K #outid -wij,^, aa audience. calculate^ ■*&
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1899.
thrill and delight even the most fas
tidious of adored deities— the Queen of
Song.
Art and Society, for once, met on a
mutual footing. Art held out her sensi
tive hand, and Society, ablaze with Jew
els and glittering and glimmering in
satins and silks and costly laces, grate
fully returned the greeting.
"Welcome," said Art.
"You do me proud," said Society.
This graceful fusion of two opposites
made up an audience that those for
tunate enough to form a part of will
never cease to remember.
Scattered in among fortune's favor
ites lovers of the true, the beautiful,
the artistic lent the tone necessary to
conclusively prove that it was the pow
er of music, the enthralling gift of
song, that called them together and in
spired them all. L ... .
The brilliancy l of the scene within
presented a striking contrast to the
garish one without. Mission street on
either side was lined with a motley
crowd, that engulfed itself and
struggled and tossed in a vain desire
to see those who held the magic paste
board that opened the portals to the
temple of music. Apparently south of
Market street resented the invasion of
their sphere by society. They seemed
to consider that a sacrilege had been
committed. That their temple of popu
lar price melodrama should be Invaded
by art was the thorn in their Morosco
nourlshed flesh.
However, they reveled in the music
made by the rumble of the carriages.
At one time the line of vehicles extend
ed from the theater entrance nearly up
to Fifth street. There was -no little in
convenience caused by the fact that
many of them came down Third street,
thus creating a jam and resulting in
unnecessary confusion.
While the audience was in the midst
of its arrival the crowd in front of the
theater was so great that passage
along the street was almost impossible.
The audience was one that for bril
liancy has never been equaled in the
history of San Francisco. It was gen
erally remarked that the women were
more beautifully and elaborately
gowned, and the men better groomed,
than on any other similar gathering
seen here. 
The gradual arrival of the audience
was an interesting scene. S.ome came
to see and others to be seen; some to
hear and others to be heard. The two
bitter classes were not entirely seated
until the beginning of the second act.
Indeed, the beauty of the first act was
greatly marred by the advent of the
late arrivals. In the first act whern
Faust sings "Io voglio II Piacer," the
air was not audible in the rear of the
house owing to the noise caused by
seating those who came late.
Then, again, the fact that the ushers
were new to the house, and that the
first act is almost entirely a dark one,
made the difficulty of -finding the seats
all the greater. Those that came for
Art's sake were in consequence greatly
That not a single seat in the theater
was unoccupied is sufficient proof that
§an Francisco loves and can appreciate
as well as any city in the world high
musical art. For the most part the ap
probation of the audience was well
timed and conservative, and clearly
demonstrated that it was capable of
analysis and criticism.
It was essentially Melba's night. The
occasional titter and hum of voices that
ran through the audience were heard
only when the lesser stars were sing
ing.
When the curtain fell on the third
act the stage was a mass of flowers.
From the boxes they bombarded the
prima donna with fragrant blossoms,
and when she bowed her acknowledg
ments to the fourth encore her arms
were filled with beautiful floral tokens.
SOCIETY FILLS
THE HOUSE
Nearly everybody who Is anybody was
at the opera. Those who are musical
and those who follow where the so
cial leaders beckon— all moved In one joy
ous crowd to greet the singers at the
opera house. The boxes all had their iill
of gay and brilliant parties. The orches
tra bowed to parquet, the family circle
and to the gallery, and there were happy
greetings all round.
Following were among those who enter
tained opera parties In the boxes:
A. Bouvler. W. P. Fuller, Leon Sloss. James
D. Phelan. William Pries, C. Frederick Kohl,
Mrs. William Kohl, Mrs. W. H. (.'rocker, Mrs.
J. Cunningham, I. W. Hellman Jr., W. F.
Herrin, Mrs. Eleanor Martin. E. W. Hopkins.
M. H. Hecht, Louis Gerstle, Isidore Schwartz,
John Caffrey, J. Downey Harvey, Mrs. W. O.
Irwin, Ernest F. Gutsrhow. Walter Morosco,
Mrs. William Miller. Max Goldsmith and Her
man Levy, Mrs. A. Howard, Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels, J. A. Flllmore, J. S. Tobin. John
W. Mackey.
Among those in the large and fashion
able audience were:
W. H. Alexander. Mr. Boyle. Alfred. Bouvier.
E. A. Bresse, Mrs. I. S. Belcher, D. B. Bagley,
C. W. Beaver, W. 11. Brener, J. Borth, B. F.
Brlsac, W. B. Bradford, Dr. Buckley, W. F.
Bowers, Dr. C. F. Buckley. Miss Boas, Alex
ander Boyd, N. C. Babin, Mrs. M. Burnham,
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard, H. P. Blanchard. M. E.
Boots, Mr. and Mrs. R, L. Coleman, John
Caffrey, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carpy, C. N.
Champion, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Crocker, Mrs.
John Cunningham. M. Casey, Mr. and Mrs. H.
J. Crocker, Emelie M. Chabot, G. Claxton, C.
C. Cohn. Mrs. James Dunn. E. R. Dia
mond, W. A. Daggett, Colonel J. E. Doollt
tle, W. S. Davis, W. A. Doble, A. T. Dlbblee,
Douty, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Dodge, 8. H. Earle,
C. E. Ehrmann. Alfred I. Esberg. C. J. Evans,
Mr. and Mrs W. P. Fuller. Mi* and Mrs. v\ .
Pries. Mr. and Mrs. Louis Gerstle.
O. H. Greonwald, Ernest Gutschow, Mr. and
Mr* M. A. Gunst, Mr. and Mrs. S. Greenbaum,
J. L. Gallagher. Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Herrin, Mr. and Mrs. I.
W. Hollman, I. W. Hellman Jr.. Louis Haas,
Mrs. H. L. Hill. Mrs. A. Hecht. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Downey Harvey, Mre. A. Howard, J. Heyman,
R. M. Hotaltng, O. O. Howard, W. F. Hooks.
T. Hopkins, R. W. Hills, Mrs. E. A. Heyden
feldt, Mrs. W. G. Irwin, Mrs. M. Irwin, Mrs.
E. Josephs. "W. S. Jones, A. Jennings, James
Jacobson, C. Frederick, Joseph M. Kelly,
George Kavanagh. George Knight, W. Kelly,
F W. Kume, John L. Koster. M. A. Leach.
Dr 4. Liliencrantz, H. B. Lathrop, A. W.
Lyser, T. T. Ludlow, Edward Marshuts, Mrs.
J Mcc, Louis Metzger. W. Morosco, A. D. E.
Mills. Judge Myrick. Mrs. Eleanor Martin, T.
J Moffatt. L. Nichols, G. T. Marye, E. Mills,
C. O. G. Miller.
John W. Mosley, Mrs. S. Hert-Marks, S. B.
McNear, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. McCutcheon,
Mrs T. McLean, Dr. F. E. MK'ullough, Dr. R.
A McLean, Mrs. J. McMullen, Mrs. D. Neu
stadter Mayor Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Ro
senstoek. C. M. Reynolds. E. Reinhardt. Mr. and
Mrs Leon Sloss. Max Swabacher. S. E. Scheen
tine' Schwartz brothers. C. W. String, W. E.
Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. Herman Shatnwald. M.
H St Goar. Frank Stevenson. I. Straasberger,
L,' A Schwabacher, Mrs. M. Sachs, G. A.
Story A. Sbarboro. S. Sachs, Mrs. H. I. Solo
mon ' Mrs L S. Sherman. F. D. StrinEham,
Captain Taylor. R. M. Tobln. B. Tisdale. W.
H Taylor W Wieaesie. L. P. Weil. A. Van der
v 'alien F* W. Van Slcklen, Dr. V. Vaccarl.
r T Wetmore, L. P. Well. Mr. and Mrs. W.
R Whittier, H. Wise. C. S. Wheeler, A. P.
Woodard, S. B. White. Mrs. William Willis,
Mmc He'lloni Zepperer. Mrs. H. Zlele.
Miss Bessie Ames. Miss Alice Amos, Worth-
InKton Ames. Harry Holbrook, Horace Platt,
Dr H Moffett, Miss Marfruerite Jolliffe, Mrs.
Jolliffe Peter Martin, Andrew Martin, Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury, Miss Kate Salisbury Mrs.
Margaret Salisbury. Mr. and Mrs. Gordon
Blanding Miss Sucie Blandlng. Mr. and Mrs.
J Casserly Miss Helen Hopkins, Mies Edna
Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Ynung, Prin
cess Poniatowski. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Ho
bart, Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin, Mrs.
Richard Carroll, Miss Gertie Carroll. Miss
Ethel Keeney, Miss Leontlne Blakeman, Ed
ward U. Grpecway, .Colonel and Mrs. Stone,
John Coleman. Dr. Hawkins. Mlsa Hawkins,
Mr. and Mrs. S. O. Buckbee, Miss Carrie Tay
lor, Mr. and Mrs. George Pope Dr. and Mrs.
Washington Dodge, Mrs. Phelan, Mine. Gad-
Bkl. M. Gadski, Captain Terry.
Mr. and Mrs. James Stewart, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Fo? Tay. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Tobin.
■flat Celia Tobin. Miss Beatrice Tobin Judge
Frank Dunne, Miss Dunne. Naglee Burke, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Philip Smith. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Buckingham, Miss F. Loaiza, Miss Kip, Mrs.
Alexander Sharon. Miss Sharon. Mrs. L. G.
Tallant, William Mooser, Miss Gertie Goewey,
Fred Webster. Thomas M'Calet. Ogden Hoff
man, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Merrill. Count dv
Pare, Miss Elsie Heeht, Mrs. Helen Hecht.
Robert Grayson, Miss Jennie Dunphy. George
Hall, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Moroney. Miss
Hunt, Thomas Barbour, Mr. and Mrs. Wendell
Easton, the Misses Rosener, Mr. and Mrs.
George B_oardman, Mr. and Mrs. William Iler
rin.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, Mr.
and Mrs. Marco Hellman, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Ackerman. Miss Loughborough, Miss Marie
Zane, Mme. Barrios, Colonel and Mrs. A.
Head, Mr. and Mrs. William Howard, Dr. and
Mrs. J. D. Whitney, Mrs. Woodruff. Mr. and
Mrs. M. R. Hlggins. Miss Frances E. Smith.
Martin Triest. Jessie Triest. the Misses Triest.
Mrs. A. Greenwald. Miss Greenwald, L. S.
Greenwald, Dr. and Mrs. Wlnslovr Anderson
Miss Ashe. Mrs. Breeze. Mrs. Beaver, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Rooos, Mme. Ziska. Mrs. C. M. Jen
nings. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Dutton Miss
Mamie Deane. Mr. and Mrs. HE. Both n.
Miss Lillle Follis. Miss Mary Bell Gwln Miss
Maynar, Dr. and Mr?. Abrahams. Miss Roth
Mr. and Mrs. M. Anspacher. Mrs. Josepn
Epninger, Thomas A. Williams ,
Mr. and Mrs. John Chretien, Mr. and Mrs.
Roth, Miss Mabel Thompson, W illiam Green
baum, Donald de Vere Graham, H. J. Stewart,
Dr. M. J. Hawkins, Dr. and Mrs. J. D. woa
gen. Thomas H. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Fre
mont Older, Henry Heyman. Mrs. Heyman
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Hastings, Miss Ethel
Hawkes, S. H. Friedlander, Leo E. Alexander.
Michael Alexander, Colonel Joseph HoweM. Dr.
Lustig, Colonel Isaac Trumbo, J. \V . "aber
and party, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rollo Peters,
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Buckingham. Mrs. John
Gallwey. Miss Josephine Scott. Dr. and Mrs.
G. Koeningsteln. Mrs. Colonel T. H. Andrews,
Mrs. E. S. Haswell. Dr. A. C Danziger Max
Horwinski. Edward Marshuta, Miss Bessie
Ames, Henry A. Whitely. Miss Florence Bos
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Harry G. Snow, Chris V,olt.
Mr and Mra A. Grinbaum, Joseph Camp
bell, Dr. Lustig, Dr. S. N. Levy. Leo E. Alex
ander, Michael Alexander, iharles Derham.
th<? Misses Derham. Frank MfDonald. I*e Roy
Schlessinger, Richard Tye, William Storrer,
Harry Gray. Mr. and Mrs. P. Bell. Mr. and
Mrs "Frank Sullivan. Colin M. Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. Jacob jleyman, Mr. and Mrs. William
Lewis, Mr. fnd Mrs. W. S. Hochstadter. Mr.
and Mrs. B. Stone, Lawrence Van Winkle. Dr.
Robinson, Major Rathbone, Mr. and Mrs.
Marriott. Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Bryan, the
Misses Gibbons, Mrs. Harrington, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles L. Ackerman. Dr. and Mrs.
Breyfogle, Mr. and Mr?. Webster Jones, Mr.
and Mrs. Samuel Knight. Miss Jackson, Dr.
and Mrs Martinez. Dr. Perkins.
Mr. and Mrs J. Hlirchfeld, Mr. and Mr 3. Blas
kotver. Bernard Strahl, Mrs. Pond, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Bachman. Miss Bachman, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Bachman, Miss Bachman, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Bennett. Ed Purser. Mr. and Mrs. J. Brown.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. A. b.
Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs. Ira G. Pierce, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Sahleln, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Ackerman.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Sangster, Mr. and Mrs. J.
M Keeney, Miss Josephine Scott, W. T. Hess,
A. S. Levin, Miss Levin. Mr. and Mrs. Leeless.
REPERTOIRE FOR
THE LAST WEEK
The repertoire for the ppcond and last
week of the Ellis Opera Company will be
as follows:
Monday evenlnp. March 20, "Les Hu
guenots," in which the three prima don
nas Mme. Melba, Mile, de L»ussan and
lime. Gadski will appear.
Tuesday, March 21, last performance of
"La Boheme," with Mme. Melba and
Mile, de Lussan. For Wednesday the op
era is yet to be announced.
Thursday, March 23, "Romeo and Ju
liet," in which Mmo. Melba willl make
her first appearance In this city as
Juliet.
Friday cvrninpr the last eveninp Per
formance Will be given. "Carmen" will
be snngr, with Mile, do Lussan in the
title role and Mme. Gadski as Michrla.
The last matinee and farewell perform
ance will be Riven Saturday afternoon,
when Mme. Melba will sing "Lucia" and
Mile. Chalia will appear as "Nedda" in
"I Papliacti."
The sale of seats for the last we^k will
begin at tho box-office of the theater
Thursday morning.
BLANCHE WALSH
GIVES SARDOU'S
PLAY "FEDORA"
Her Acting Natural
and Womanly.
With the Grand Opera volleying and
thundering almost within voice-sound,
Blanche Walsh's "Princess Fedora" en
tered upon the boards. There was not
that warm meeting between the stage
and the seats that enthuses the actor at
the Columbia last evening. Yet the fer
vor of Sardou's strong lines found full
and true interpretation in the rendition
of that talented young star:
Fedora is Russian, and the fire and
the ice, the conspiracy, the revenge and
the tragic finish of a Russian love is hers.
She trails the slayer of a lover from St.
Petersburg to Paris and finds him to lure
him to a confession, to denounce him and
to love him. She compromises herself to
save him, and when he turns on her in
fury finding that she has unwittingly
caused the death of his brother, she pois
ons herself and dies in a noble and thrill-
ill cr seen©
Portions of Miss Walsh's Interpretation
are beautifully womanly, especially in the
fine control of herself while her lover is
reading the letter that tells him of her
duplicity. Melbourne MacDowell is her
fitting mate in this great two-character
play, strong in his . love and intense in
his hate. The production should draw
good houses the remainder of the week.
The /\lcazar.
The society comedy drama "The Social
Highwayman" was presented to a crowd
ed house at the Alcazar last night. The
piece is • dramatized from Elizabeth
Phlpps Train's novel of the same name,
and deals with the thefts of jewels from
fashionable women by Courtice Jaffrey, a
society man. It was in this play that
the Holland brothers made a great suc
cess and the same was achieved by
George Osbourne last night in the part of
Jenkins Hanby, Courtice's servant. It
was an ideal representation of the part
of «a servant with a bad record, but de
votedly attached to his master for be
friending him in time of need. Ernest
Hastings, in the title role, was excellent,
and the other members of the company,
including Gertrude Foster, who assumed
the leading role owing to Miss Fitzallen's
Indisposition, acquitted themselves cred
itably. - ■
The Orpheum. «
The Orpheum has its usual good bill
again this week. Of the new people the
biggest hit was made by the Pantzer trio,
who really excel as contortionists. In this
line they are about the best that have
been seen here. The troubadour trio make
a fine stage, appearance and their coon,
songs with a French accent were a hit.
j. \V. Wlnton, the ventriloquist, is clever
as such . and his walking, talking, smok
ing figures are among the best seen here.
The Fortunia brothers, comedy acrobats,
are favorites: also the Marco twins and
others, making an interesting bill.
Jhe TiVoli.
While swelldom rustled in silks and sat- '
ins and sparkled with diamonds at the
Grand Opera, the. hoi polloi of the music
loving world assembled at the Tivoll
and received in more than a moiety of
music an equivalent for their monetary
mites. "The Pretty Poacher," by Offen
bach, is far from being one Uie best of
his works either in the book ,or in the
score. While there are a few graceful
bits of melody twined around • its non
sense and improbabilities, it lacks that
"come again" charm that would induce
one to go to hear it more . than a week
or two. In the hands of a poor or indif
ferent company it would lose what little
salt it has, but the excellent company
that took care of it last night rescued
it from what would otherwise have been
a chilly reception, .-j .
The event of the evening was the de
but of Gerald Gerome, a tenor. Gerald
is graceful, with a pleasing voice and
style, and in a role of more virility than,
that of, Theodore will win popularly. Ha ,
, ■-■ . *2j -«- 1 •- —•£ "■ • ■■
was well received, and did not dieappolnt
Hi
de Campistrous.
The. Olympia.
The strong' cards at the Olynrpia are
Querita Vincent. Dv Bell, the aerial ar
tist, and Carltnn and Royce. M^s Vin
cent is the same prime favorite and nas
all new songs.
TKe Chutes.
Sherman and Morrissey. acrobatic com
edians, made a great hit at the Chutes
Free Theater last evening. Their bur
lesque trapeze performance is exceed
ingly funny and created great laughter.
The Four Miltons are clever musicians
and singers, and their saxophone quar
tets were heartily applauded. William
Howard is an original monologist, and
Ethel Lynwood is one of the best con
tortionists who ever twisted in San
Francisco. The Michelsen brothers
changed their banjo duets, and many new
moving pictures were shown. The ama
teur Cakewalk will be repeated Thursday
night.
Steeplechase.
To remain under water for three mln
untes is a feat which seems impossible,
but at the Steeplechase at Central Park
this week one of the Japanese female
swimmers accomplishes this nightly. The
illusion of the "Human Spider" as shown
by William Kohl is most mystifying and
its inventor defies any one to explain it.
The other extra attractions and the per
manent ones make the grounds well worth
a visit.
Mrs. Elizabeth Mowry's Concert-
Owing 1 to a severe cnM tho concert
scheduled for to-morrow evening has
been postponed until April 5. •
Friends of California Volunteers.
A meeting of the parents and friends of
the soliders in the First California Vol
unteer Regiment will be held in Native
Sons 1 Hall this evening, when letters and
telegrams recently received from the War
Department relative to the return of tha
California boys from the Philippines will
be read.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Brown's
Bronchial
Troches „
(OF BOSTON)
are world-renowned as
• a superior remedy for
Coughs, Hoarseness,
Sore Throat and Bron-
chial affections.
*• I think them the most wonderful '•
medicine for all bronchial affections"
Hon. MRS. PERRY,
Castle Grey, Limerick, Ireland. }„
" . . Observe Simile Signature of
■ on wrapper of every box.
¥
, it charms with its flavor*
delights with its taste and
conquers with its purity
and high quality.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO*
MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco*
Painless Dentistry.
R Fillings - - 50 cts
Crowns - - $3.50
' ALL WORK
WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, fj>|
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
liOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVEH.
. A EUROPEAN SUCCESS. . .
For the Past 7 Years
FOR ALL, USES AND USERS
ON WOOD. GLASS. METAL. STONE. BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any ft her
paint, stands 800 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
° U BEAUTfFUL. ARTISTIC. DURABLE
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES^ and
FOULING in SALT WATER CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send «.ac for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT 13 PEGA-
MOIDT WESTERN AGENCIES CO..
«1 and 62. Chronicle Building. 8. T.
■:..-'•- '■'■ '• ' J- -".'-•'■..
P m For the Best $10 Suit':
/ • PT~ ." to order you must go to .'
!; Mk& JOE POHEIM. ;
'! fMM&& For $25 you can get a ! '
; M^^^i fine, well made and well > |
<'^t$M& trimmed suit at '!
I; HI JOE POHEIM'S.
'' $Ws' Will cost elsewhere $40. [i
I' QnU All-wool, stylish-cut i
I 1 I Pants to order from $4 V »
I 1 ■I 1 to $12 at '- j ' <r '^A '*•
! i^Jr^. JOE POHEIM'S, *
', 301-203 Montgomery St., Cor.. Bush I 1
! ' -■ J 1 - 1 11 , 1 ? Market St., 8. P. *V