VOLUME JAXXY-NO. 147.
HE SCORES WALES
AND THE SULTAN
FROM THE PULPIT
REV. JOSEPH PARKER.
LONDON, April 25. — The three hundredth birthday anniversary of
Oliver Cromwell has furnished the occasion for biographies, appreci
ative articles, poitraits in all the papers and celebrations in
various parts of the country in honor of the Lord Protector of the Brit
ish commonwealth.
Dr. Joseph Parker, minister of the City Temple, this city, took the
subject as the theme for his sermon this afternoon and delivered an
extraordinary oration to a large congregation. In the course of his re
marks he attacked the Prince of Wales as "a certain card-playing
Prince." After eulogizing Cromwell, Dr. Parker said:
•When the Prince fails, then let the country mourn. We look to
Princes for noble deeds find a high example. When I see my Prince
and my Premier on a racecourse I don't like it."
These remarks were cheered by the audience, and Dr. Parker pro
ceeded to make a rabid attack on the Sultan of Turkey, during which
he said: "Emperor William may call him his friend, but in the name of
God. the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, I say 'God riamn tho Cul-
The preacher concluded with a passionate denunciation of the
church for accepting Protestant money for performing popish tricks.
Then, drawing from hip Bible the undertaker's bill for his wife's inter
ment, he scathingly read the word on the top of the bill "unconse
crated.' *
"Shame!" shouted Dr. Parker, and the congregation loudly re
echoed the word. Continuing, the preacher said: "When I read the
word it meant vitriol poured into a red, gaping wound. It Is a knavish
trick, a popish device. Detestable blasphemy! It made me still more
faithful to nonconformity, which made England possible to live in."
CROKER NOT AN
ENTHUSIAST IN
BRYAN'S CAUSE
Says There Are Better Men in the
Party and Other Issues Be
sides Free Silver.
W Y< IRK, April 25. Rh hard
s isked to-day: "What do
think of Mr. B»yan for a candi
for the ; y?"
Bryan Is a good nan and a
ht man," was th>- reply, "but I
too narrow whf>n he insists
16 to 1 issue, is the only owe,
n'-w Issues have' grown
up since he rnn for and wa
for !!)■ Presidency. He is especially
vis out of the party
. a not agree with
:he conv< ntion has not
yet, and nobody knows
happen. Bryan, as I said.
1 in, but T think there are
■ •%-."
■\\ ou think should be the
of the next
FORGER KING SENT
TO SING SING PRISON
Passed a Check Drawn on the Crock
er-Woolworth Bank of San
Francisco.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Patrick Kin?. 24
years o]d, who said ho lived in" Jersey
City, was sentenced to-day by Judge
Cowing in the Court of General Sessions
to Sing Sing for ton years. King pleaded
prullty tn four indictments for forgery in
the second degree and one for grand lar
ceny. Captain McClusky, Chief of the
Detective Bureau; says King Is wanted in
a half dozen cities. His plan is to n pre
ff-nt himself as a mrmlK-r oi a Viig jewelry
firm and obtain goods on worthless'
checks. He was arrested hf-re for giving
a check for $225 to A. Jaeckel & Co.,
signed "F. M Bennmt," and drawn on the
er-Woolworth National Bank of San
Francisco.
RUSSIA IN FAVOR OF
PAPAL REPRESENTATION
France Indifferent ass to the Pope's !
Admission to the Peace Con
ference.
NEW York. April . th«
I il from Rome :-a\s: Russia has
Informed the Vatican that thr- <v
Hill eager for the Pope's admission to'
The San Francisco Call.
campaign?"
"] think the principal one should be
devoted to the fight against trusts," he
said.
"How about expansion?"
"I think the anti-expansinn Issue will
he a part of the Democratic platform.
I don't mean by that that the United
States should give up the territory ac
quired by her soldiers in the war. I
. think, for instance, as to the Philip
pines, that this country should teach
the people there that the islands be
long to the United States by right of
conquest, and that the United States
will put down by arms all opposition to
Its authority. When we have taught
that lesson to the Filipinos, then we
should dispose of the" islands in some
way."
the Peace Conference, but that ho is not
supported in this by the French Govern
ment. Prance's indifference to the querf
of Papal representation at th.-- con
ference is said tn have caused her rela
tions with the Vatican to be rather
strained.
ABDUCTION OF A GIRL.
Warrant Sworn Out for Her Former
Guardian.
SAN JOSH. April 25. Ruble Johnson, a
pretty 13-year-old girl, has been missing
from the home of her guardian, Mrs. !•;.
McElhanon, on l'ni'>n strv»-t. nr-:ir Pack
avenue, since Sunday afternoon, and it is
. ii a former guardian has abducted
her. She left her h"m< to attend Sun
day schooL A thorough search of th>- city
failed to reveal a trace of her. T'ntil thir
months ago Mrs. Ida M. Hess of San
Francisco had charge of Ruble. Since
then Mrs. H»ss married a man named
Kill's, and it is claimed that she and her
husband were seen in the city Sunday.
Mis. Kllis was much attached to her
ward and tried to keep her, but the court
awarded the guardianship to Mrs. McEl
hanon. Last . veniru; the latter swore to
a complaint charging Mrs. Ellis with ab
ductlon and the warrant has been sent to
Francisco to be served.
To Exile Finns.
NEW YORK, April 25.— A special cable
to the Journal from St. Petersburg says:
1 rovernor of Finland has obtained
authority from the Czar to exile all peo
ple suspected of hostility to Russia and
i" the work now In progress of "Rus
sianizing" Finland. The order affects
thousands of people.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
A MURDER
MYSTERY AT
PASADENA
Strange Disappearance of a
Prosperous Rancher From
His Own Dooryard.
HIS BROTHER'S STORY
The Man Who Has Vanished Was
Left Alone Less Than Twenty
Minutes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, April 25.— There is
every indication that a murder was
committed in Pasadena last night, but
there is not the slightest clew to the
murderer, nor has the body of the man
supposed to have been murdered been
found.
The man whose strange disappear
ance can be accounted for in no other
way is Hillary S. Starr, superintendent
of the Oak Knoll ranch at the south
end of Molino avenue, on the southeast
edge of the city. Starr lives with his
wife and two small children at the
ranch house, while his younger brother,
Charles, lives in a smaller cabin near
by. The latter was returning from this
city last evening about 8 o'clock when,
as he passed the pumphouse near the
ranch residence his brother Hillary
called to him to come and help repair
the pump, which was out of order.
Charles did so and. observing that it |
was to be a long Job, went to his cabin
to put on his old clothes.
He returned in less than twenty
minutes and found all dark, the lan
tern having been put out, and his
brother Hillary missing.
Thinking he had gone to the house
to refill the lantern with oil Charles
waited a little while, then went back
to the house only to find that his
j brother had not been there.
Then began the search, which has
continued up to the present time, with
out a single clew to the whereabouts of
the missing man having been found.
i On returning to the pumphouse Charles
found the lantern all smashed to pieces
and in the tall grass near the place
there were evidences of a struggle hay
] ing ttiKi-n place, the grass beinn:
trampled down and a bunch of keys
■ and bits of the watch chain of the miss
\ ing man being scattered about, as well
as a few nickels. and dimes from his
pockets.
There was no evidence of bloodshed,
yet the appearance of the ground
seemed to indicate that a fearful strug
gle had taken place.
To-day footprints were traced
, through an abandoned orchard from
the pump to a ravine where, near a
! large tree, a horse hitched to a light
buggy had been tied.
It is supposed that Starr's assailant
Used a sandbag or some blunt instru
ment upon his victim and then made
away with the body. Starr was a very
quiet, industrious man, strictly tem
perate and in the best of health, and
his home life was happy and. peaceful,
so his bother Bays. Hence there would
seem to be not the slightest probability
that his disappearance whs occasioned
by any freak of his own. On the con
trary everything seems to point to foul
play.
On Friday he drew $200 from the
| bank, most of which he expended soon
' after, so that it was thought he had
only about $40 in his pockets last night.
He carried a gold watch. This morn
ing his revolver was found in the grass
with three out of five cartridges
snapped but not exploded, the rest re
maining untouched.
Starr had no enemies so far as
known. He is described as a well
built man of 29, weighing ICO pounds,
height 5 feet 8% inches. Hair, eyes and
mustache brown. lie wore a gray suit
', and a brown hat. The little finger of
! the left hand has a scar at the base and
is a little crooked.
AMERICANS CLOSE
BUSINESS HOUSES
Not One of Them Doing Business in
Bluefields at the Present
Time.
NEW YORK. April 25.— A special to th?
Press from New Orleans says: Advices
received hero from Blueflelds, Nicaragua,
by the steamship Jar! state that pandp
monium reigned In that city on the night
of April 18. Drunken native soldiers
paraded the streets, .firing at inoffensive
citizens and into bouses. Several persons
were wounded. • >
Captain Torres served notice on Ameri
can merchants that unless they paid the
duties demanded by night he would close
•up their places of business and confiscate
their receipts.
These duties had already been paid to
General Reyes when the revolutionists
we're in charge of Bhieflelds, and the
' merchants naturally objected to paying
twice. The merchants held a meeting
and decided to close their stores. The
doors were locked and sealed and the
American flag hoisted over each store/
The -consequence was that when the Jar!
left there was not an American doing
business in Blueflelds. H9SS
OTIS ASKS RIOS TO
HOLD MINDANAO
MADRID, April 2.=..— The Government
has received a dispatch' from General
Ftlos, Spain's principal commander in
the Philippines, asserting that Major
General Otis has requested him not to
withdraw the Spanish troops from the
island of Mindanao until the arrival of
the American force of occupation. Gen
eral Rios asks the Government when he
may return to Spain.
Vixen Goes to Dewey.
WASHINGTON April 25.— The yacht
Vixen, which was the smallest ve.ssei thai
took part in the Spanish war, is fitting
bui ai Norfolk Navy Yara for a cruise
to the Philippines. She will start in abOui
8 week and will make the trip hy way
of the Mediterranean Sea and the Suez
canal. She is a formidable craii for her
size, and will undoubtedly prove a de
sirable addition to Admiral Dewey's fleet.
FILIPINOS DRIVEN FROM THE
TRENCHES BEFORE CALUMPIT
Captain Geary's California Heavy Artillery Guarding the Trenches
Before Cavite.
COGHLAN SAYS
ENGLAND ALONE
WAS FRIENDLY
Does Not Believe the Ger
mans Really Meant Fight
at Manila.
BUT CADSEB TROUBLE
; French in the Orient Frothed at
the Mouth at American
Success.
:.i! Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, April 26.—TheFrem
denblatt, the organ of the A.us
tro-Hungarian Foreign Office,
commenting to-day upon the
Coghlan Incident, invites the
United' States to abandon Great
Britain and to Join the triple al
liance.
NEW YORK. April 25.— Captain
Coghlan of the Raleigh has an article
in the current Independent, in which
h<> says the late war showed that all
I the great Europeat) nations !>ut Eng
land were unfriendly to the T'nited
States, ihe article is headed "English
Good Will, by Joseph Bullock Cohglan,
Captain of the United States Cruiser
Raleigh."
Tn it, discussing the attitude of the
Kaiser's admiral in Manila Bay, Cap
tain i', .uhlan says he does not believe
the Germans "mear fight." The arti
follows:
So far as action ran be taken as a cri
terion of thoughts and feelings, the Eng
lish during the war with Spain were with
us heart and BOUI
When wo got word to leave Hongkong
and attack the enemy the news spread
about through the various clubs, and ex
cited divers sentiments. It was sup
posed the defenses of Manila, were very
formidable: that the channel was heav
ily mined, the forts manned by active,
intelligent garrisons furnished with all
Implements for detecting the presence of
i an enemy and making him regret his in
trusion.
Tho Spanish fleet, on paper, appeared
to tie as strong as our own, and alto
gether the attack on Manila looked like
an exceedingly harrf proposition. So
much was this the case that Prince
nenry of Prussia fell sorry for us. He
did not exactly say so. but you could see
it in his manner and his look when he
heard that we had to p,.
Wh'-n I walked down the wharf In
Hongkong to step aboard the Raleigh and
j^o to sea I was in civilian dress, but some
English Officers whom 1 did not know
ri gnized me and saluted. They came
about me and said. "By .love, you Pel
' lows are to have first chance, after ail."
They were envious, having hoped every
moment to get an order to Qgti\ Russia.
They were very friendly and Loought we
were going on particularly hazardous ser
vice. They were full of confidence, how
ever, in our ability to take care of our
selves, and said laughingly. "Tf you don't
el^an them out. don't come '.>ack here."
Alter the battle of Manila and all
throughout the operations there the ac
tion of English fleets showed they were
heartily with us.
T do not know whether Captain Chf
ehester told Admiral Diederichs that no
one but Dewey knew what the British
fleet would do in cane Manila was bom
barded. That was the rumor, at any rate.
Bin the Germans certainly did give
us some anxiety, while tin attitude of
the English certainly saved us from much
trouble. I do not, however, believe tin-
Germans meant fight. The French ships
wire polite enough, but French papers
in Asia simply frothed at the mouth when
they spoke of us. They did nothing hut
blackguard us after the battle a 4 Manila.
calling us bullies, cutthroats, robbers.
Previous to the battle of Manila we had
. been cowards and men without discipline,.
who would be very easily put to rout by
th< Spaniards. The Japanese seemed to
be very friendly.
This war has opened our eyes. We
have been living with a Chinese wall
around us. and there were many things
which we did not see. This war showed
us that all the great European nations
w^re unfriendly, with the single excep
tion of England, and it also. I believe,
opened England' 3 eyes to our prowess and
our possible mission and development.
UNION n ANK MAY
SHIRK ITS DEBTS
Attempt Will Be Made to Recover
Securities Deposited for
Loans.
SAX JOSE, April 25. F. L. Wadhams of
Ban Francisco, at one time secretary of
the Bank Commission, was put at work
this morning expertlng the books of the
Union Sayings Bank. This will occupy
about six months.
An- ; Hemp' will be made by the direc
tors to rpcover* the securities deposited
with the San Francisco banks for loans
without redeeming thorn. These amount
to nearly $200,000. The Nevada Bank holds
about $80,000 of these securties for an In
debtedness' of $50,000. Among several
other banks are scattered $80,000 worth of
notes and mortgages in lieu of a loan of
$45,000. The San Francisco banks have of
fered to give up the securities on the
return of the amounts loaned, but the di
rectors expect t<J recover these without
putting -up a cent. The Union Savings
Bank did both a saving's and a commer
cial business, but it is claimed it had no
right to transact the latter class of busi
ness. If it can be proved it was only a
savings bank then the directors had no
light to hypothecate these securities and
they probably can be recovered. The
same will apply to the hank premises,
which were deeded to .Mrs. William H.
Wright to secure a loan of $60,000. In
case the securities are recovered from the
San Francisco banks in this way the lat
ter financial institutions can fall back on
ex-President Ward Wright and the rest
of the directors who wrecked the bank
for the amounts advanced. A long legal
battle must be fought first. Unless the
cash were forthcoming, then, it is said,
several criminal . complaints might be
made.
ALL HOTEL GUESTS
MUST BE REGISTERED
Los Angeles Council Adopts an Ordi
nance Designed to Aid the
Police.
T.OS AN'GET.EK. A.pril 25.- An ordinance
adopted by the City Council to-day makes
It compulsory upon all keepers of hotels,
lodging-houses and other places main
tained for the housing of transients to
keep a register of all persons, with the
number of the room occupied Guests
sometimes evade notice foy registering
fictitious names. Now no one may dwell
"incog" even for a day in l,os Angeles.
All must register in a hook that shall be
accessible not only to the other occupants
of the house in which they are temporary
dwellers, but to the Chief of Policp anil
all the regular policemen and detectives of
the Los Angeles force.
Any landlord and landlady neglecting to
post this daily register will be subject to
a penalty and any one conniving to con
ceal the real identity of the guest will be
regarded, with suspicion by the police
force. This ordinance was Introduced at
the request of Chief of Police Glass to aid
in establishing" the identity of suspected
persons.
LOSES ITS FORFEIT.
English Syndicate Backs Out of a Big
Mining Deal.
TOIiUCA, Mexico, April 25.— The . great
mining deal which involved the sale nf
the famous Esperanza gold' mine in this
State to the Mexican Esperanza Gold
Mine Company, limited, of London. Eng
land, for four million dollars in gold.
has been declared off. and the $100,000 for
feit money .which the company posted
to bind the option on the mint- reverts
to th.- owners of the rich property. .
The Mexican Esperanza Gold Mini'
'Company, limited, was organized for t hi
express purpose of buying the Esperanza
mine. Several experts examined the
property and reported upon it favorably,
hut at a recent meeting of the directors
of the company, held in London, it was
decided that the mine might not be
worth the big price asked for it. . The
option on the property expired to-day,
and the $100,000 deposit was declared for
feited. • ~. : .' v
' •'.-.• • — ;
Big Profit in Bogus Stamps.
LANCASTER, Fa.. April 26.— Aa exam
ination was made to-day of W. M. Ja
cobs' honks and it was found that he had
defrnudpd the Government out of about
1125,000 with his bogus revenue 1 stamps,
the books showing the difference between
the number of dean actually produqpd
at the factory and the number that Ja
cobs reported to the revenue officers as
having been made.
Urges Firmness in Samoa.
MELPiU'RNE, Victoria. April 25.— 0n
the suggestion of the Premier of New
Zealand. Right Hon. R. J. Seddon, the
Premier of Victoria. Right Hon. Sir
George R. Turner, has cabled a message
to the British Secretary of State for the
Colonies. Joseph Chamberlain, urging
that the British Government conserve the
interests of the Empire in Samoa.
A SMALL BOY
ATTEMPTS TO
WRECK TRAIN
Goes About the Work in the
Most Expert Possible
Way.
SAVED BY A MIRACLE
The Officers Do Not Know What
to Do With the Little
Sinner.
Special Pisratrh to The Call.
REDLANDS, April 25.— Redlands has
the youngest train wrecker on record.
To-day, upon a warrant issued upon
complaint of Special Officer John C.
King of the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany, a constable placed little Harry
Gregg under arrest. The boy is but
nine years old, and small for his age,
yet he is in the hands of the officers
for having attempted to wreck a Santa
Fe passenger train on Sunday.
The attempt was so cleverly planned
and executed that it seemed more the
work of a fiend than of a mere child.
The matter was kept quiet until the
perpetrator should be discovered, and
the evidence is so clear that the as
tounding fact that the attempt was
made by the youngster had to be. ac
cepted and the arrest was made.
In the Justice Court to-day the de
tails of the story were told. Harry is
the oldest of the five children of J. P.
Gregg of this city. <>n .Sunday he and
several children were playing beside
the Santa Fe track near his home, just
west cf Eastbern Station, this <ity.
Conceiving the idea that it would be
sport to see the train thrown from the
track Harry took a most effectual
method of accomplishing it.
Finding in a neighbor's dooryard a
section of steel rail about three and a
half feet long, he gathered old wire, and
placing the rail inside and close W one
of the rails of the track and bound it
firmly to the rail $=<> that the flange of
tlv wheels of tin- cars must run upon
the piece and inevitably derail the
train. Th<n. to partly conceal the work,
an old tin can, a piece of wood, a rook,
the carcass ci a chicken and other ma
terials were scattered about it and the
obstruction left.
This was nearly noon, and the next
train was due at 1:30 from San Bernar
dino via Highlands. It would bo on the
straight course on a heavy down grade
where the train runs rapidly.
A frightful smash-up- would have re
sulted had not the section foreman gone
up the track upon a handcar after
church., and thus discovered the ob
struction and cleared it away.
The chief witnesses were a little boy
7 years old, who was with young Gregg,
and described what was done in detail,
and Mrs. Jasper Glover, who lives near
the track where the obstruction was
bound upon it. and who saw young
Gregg wiring something to the track,
but had no idea that it was for the pur
pose of wrecking a train. The section
foreman and others were examined and
Harry Gregg appeared in his own be
half and denied everything. His con
duct astounds the officers and the court,
and he is so young they do not know
what to do with him.
TWO OARDINALS DYING.
Archbishops of Rouen »na uologne
Nearing Their End.
NEW YORK. April 25.— A cable to the
Journal from Rome says: Cardinal Sour
rieus. Archbishop of Roufn, is reported to
be dying. Hf was born in 1825, and was
created a Cardinal in 1597.
COLOGNE. April 26.— Cardinal Philip
Krementz. Archbishop of Cologne, is dy
ing. Cardinal Krementz is s*o years old,
and was appointed a Cardinal in 1593.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA. April 25.— The
■ " ■ Americans took the strong
southern defenses of Galumpit
to-day. These were one mile
south of the town and on the
north bank of the Bag-bag River.
The fierce and concerted action
of Hale's flanking brigade, com
ing. from the north bank of the
river, and of Wheaton's brigade,
moving from the south along the
railway, effected this result.
General Hale's force encoun
tered the heaviest fire, but the
opposition, while heavy, was less
determined than was expected,
considering the strength of the
enemy's position.
It is assumed by the American
generals that the insurgents are
either demoralized by yesterday's
severe losses or else the greater
portion of the enemy has re
treated along the north bank of
the Rio Grande, on the southern
bank of which is the town of
Calumpit. Scouting parties
which were sent north this after
noon under General Hale found
Calumpit burning. The insur
gents began firing from the de
fenses on the north bank on
Hale's brigade. Two guns of
the Utah Battery and one Hotch
kiss did effective work in keeping
the insurgents occupied until an
armored car, with rapid-fire
guns, appeared from the south
and at short range delivered a
fierce fire upon the earthworks
beyond the river.
As the insurgents retreated
Wheaton's brigade rushed the
river, some crossing by the unin
jured portion of the bridge, the
remainder swimming. While re
treating the insurgents carried on
a sustained fire, but the American
losses were slight. Twenty were
wounded in. Hale's brigade,
seven were wounded in Whea
ton's brigade, one was killed and
three wounded in the Utah Bat
tery, and one was killed and -two
wounded on the armored . train.
The insurgent losses are un
known.
In Hale's advance down the
river last night six of- our men
were killed and eleven wounded.
They encountered ; a heavy
breastwork. General MacAr
thu.r awaits the result of the
reconnoissance northward be
fore deciding as to his future
course. If the insurgents have
retreated beyond Calumpit he
will continue to-night to Calum
pit. Otherwise he will delay un
til his wagon train can be taken
across the Ouingua River.
STORY OF THE BATTLE
TOLD IN DETAIL
Colonel Funston of the Kansas Regi
ment Leads a Charge Across
the Baglay River.
MANILA, April 2fi, 10:30 p. m.— Opn
eral Mac Arthur's division fought its
way to tho Filipino trenches before
Calumpit to-day, advancing four miles,
mostly through woods and jungle and
crossing the Ragbag River. This was
accomplished at the cost to the Ameri
cans of six killed and twenty-eight
wounded, the First South Dakota Regi
ment being the heaviest loser.
After fording the river the South Da
kotans pursued the insurgents to the
outskirts of Calumpit. but the town
was found to be so strongly protected
that General Mac-Arthur deemed it best
\<> withdraw the tir^d fighters and go
into camp for a night's rest before
making the final assault.
The largest buildings in Calumpit
were being fired by the Filipinos while
thp Americans were crossing the river
fully a mile away, indicating the ene
my's intention to abandon the place.
The insurgents seem tn have adopted a
settled policy <<f retiring from one po
sition after another, after inflicting the
greatest possible damago upon the ad
vancing army. The forces to-day were
well drilled. Every foot 0* thp ground
was tenaciously disputed by thoroughly
organized troops, who stood remarka
bly firm even before artillery.
The enemy had planned to wreck our
artillery transport train. This attempt
was a failure, but one span of the iron
railway bridge over the river was de
stroyed, hampering the American
transportation for some time. The
Filipinos cut the girders, intending to
have the structure fall with the train,
but it collapsed prematurely of its own
weight.
The Bagbag River, which is about a
hundred yards wide at that point, was
splendidly fortified and the Americans
were compelled to approach an openo
WEDDING BELLS
AT MARYSVILLE
MARYBVILLE, April 25. \t P nVlork
irrow morning:, In St. Joseph's
Church in this city. Rev. Matl
man will | the sacred wordi
■wii! join for life Geor^.- w. Harney, Yuha
! commie!
lighter .•:
■ ■
who had
: - ■ .
spae-' 1 from whj id cleared
. obstruct! ht. The bank
of the river, a high bluff, was s'ur
with tipped ' pped with
rnck-. I and partly hidden by
bus!
• ■i-ral Wheaton's brigade ap
hed the river along the rai'
leaving ramp beyond Malolos City.
i, which E
day, was earlier <>n the march and
sweeping westward toward the rail-
The armored train was being
"Good Beginnings Make
Good Endings/
This fickle month of April, the first of
Spring, begins aright by cleansing Nature's
house of all impurities collected during the
winter months* The same persistency
should be shown by humanity in cleansing
the blood with Hood's Sarsaparilla. T/ze
same good results will be obtained by all
ages and both sexes.
Bad Blood — "Although past 70 1 Spring Tired— "That excellent blood
years of age I am thoroughly welL It was : purifier and tonic, Hood's Sarsaparilla, made
three bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla that ime well of that distressing tired feeling
made me so after spending over SbO in ] that comes in spring time." Ora E Mor'
medical attendance. My trouble was a raw gan, Busey, 111.
sore on my ankle." Mrs. Louisa Mason, j Run Down -"My daughter was aU
Court Street, Lowell, Mass. I fun down in heahh , we gave hcf Hood - s
Erysipelas— "For ten years my face Sarsaparilla. She soon grew stronger, her
would break and swell and burn with I a PP etite returned and now she is well
erysipelas. When I had used three bottles | again." Mrs. }. H. Savage, Henniker.N. H.
of Hood's Sarsaparilla I was entirely Rheumatism — "For several winters
cured. It later on cured my grip." Mrs. I was confined to my bed from rheuma'
Sarah Siegler, 15 Cherry Street. Newport, tism, but I cured myself by using Hood's
Rhode Island. Sarsaparilla, which I now take regularly."
Sick Headache-"I am now 22. ,J° hn L Morfis ' 16 ° Miiler **eet. Utica, N. Y.
Since I was 8 years old I suffered con' ■ Blood Poisoning— "l suffered nine
stantly with impure blood, biliousness and i weary months with blood poisoning. Grand'
sick headache until I took Hood's Sarsapa- mother urged me to try Hood's Sarsaparilla,
rilla by doctor's advice. I owe my life to an< * soon a^ ter the sores disappeared and I
it.." Elvira A. Rumrill, Claremont. N. H. was perfectly cured." Julius B. Craig, 51
Pimples-"I have never been well Park street, Cleveland. Ohio,
and strong until lately. Hood's Sarsapa- Weakness — "Six years a sufferer
rilla restored my strength and caused the ! rom weakness. Doctors could not help me.
disappearance of annoying pimples op my i Hood's Sarsaparilla, however, made a won'
forehead. It is a great medicine," An' i derful change to good health." Amanda J.
nette Messerle, 1240 Atlantic St., St. Paul, Rader, East Fadford, Va.
Mmn ' Impure Blood— "There can be no
Scrofula — "I took a phydcian's treat' | substitute for Hood's Sarsaparilla as a blood,
ment for six months for scrofula, which purifier. It is our family physician." Miss
produced running soret and diseased bones, j C A. Elliot, Grinnell, lowa,
without avail. In six months from the} Family Troubles— "At my time of
time I commenced taking Hood's Sarsapa" ! life Hood's Sarsaparilla is indispensable. We
riila I was well." Urban Hammond, Table ! use it as a family medicine for all ages."
Grove. IIL - Mrs. H. Groves, Roanoke, Va.
Hood's cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla,
000000000000000000 r»nr¥Ti\i^rfc If7?^n<r«
In* PALACE: >'>S. STUDEBAKER S,
\ GR & N Js£2P*\ M^ETANDTENTBSTS.
O £ZSZZ££Z?£SZZU O TOST BEOEIVEB-
O All Under One Management. O | PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
O NOTE THE PRICES! '-■ ■■ Oi ' AND SURREYS,
0 * '■ " ■■?%< lirlteS O ' <l»te. In addition to this new work w* are
Oit.v 0 ?tirK-»*'-HTrir »...„. a making Kreatly reduced price* on a large lln«
~ 1 X 5 « 1L«^«1 « B^'«^ ct «'Bh-gmde Surreys. Road Wagons and Bug-
000000000000000 00 O glen. Best of repair work on short notice.
In honor of the occasion there will be a
nuptial maps in the church, which has
been beautifully decorated.
Mr. and Mrs. Harhey will spend the
honeymoon in San Francisco and San
Rafael. An uncle of the bride. Judpe M
C DufHcey. resides at the latter pla
The young couple curry with them the
wishes of a host of friends in Yuha
and Butter counties. They will reside on
Fourth street, in this city.
pushed by Chinamen, the Twentieth
Kansas regiment advancing in extend
rder on the left and the First Mon
tana Regiment with the Utah Light
Artillery on the right.
The rapid-fire guns on the train
opened the ball at 11:30 a. m., about a
mile from the river, their popping al
ternating continuously with the boom
uf tli.- Bix-pounders.
The Montana regiment and the Utah
batteries at the same time entered the
jungle, from which the insurgents, who
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1809.
were occupying large, straggling vil
lages of huts, poured heavy volleys.
In r course of an hour the Ameri
cans had forced a passage through the
woods to the open space in front of the
I river and the artillery, immediately
on wheeling into the open, began shell
ing the Filipino trenches.
In the meantime Company X, Twen
tieth T^Tnsas, led by Captain Beltwood,
; performed one of the most brilliant
! achievements of the campaign. The
regiment was being held in reserve an'l
Company X charged a distance of a
quarter of a mile over a cornfield to
the bank of the river, near the bridge,
where the insurgents from a trench
were peppering the armored, train, then
about 200 yards down the track. The
company found shelter in a ditch.
Colonel Fred Funston called for vol
unteers to cross the river and the
colonel himself. Lieutenant Ball, a pri
vate of Company X, a private of Com
pany E, Trumpeter Barsefield and Cor
poral Ferguson of Company I crawled
along the iron girders. While this was
going on the men of Company X from
the ditch were fusillading the trenches
in the endeavor to divert attention, but
the Filipinos got the range from a
trench down the river and their bullets
soon spattered the water under the
structure. Having reached the broken
span of the bridge the small but valor
ous party of Americans slid down the
caisson, swam a few yards to the shore
and crawled up the hank, the little
colonel leading the way to the trc"chf>=.
revolver in hand, while the few rema.n
ing Filipinos bolted-
Colonel Funston said afterward: "It I
was not much to do. We knew they i
could not shoot straight and that our
boys would attend to them while we
were crossing. "
" General Hale's troops, on the right,
had the hardest fight.. They followed
the north -bank of the river nearest the
town from the east, with the First
Nebraska Regiment on the left and the
First South Dakota and the Fifty-first
lowa beyond. The country to be trav
ersed was mostly jungle, but th* Fili
pinos stood their ground, even in the
open spaces.
General Hale's right joined General
Wheaton's left soon after noon, & curve
in the river enabling the Americans to
pour an enfilading tire into the enemy's
trenches. About this time the cheers
of the Kansas troops announced that
the Americans had crossed the river.
General Hale's men began to ford the
Chi. ... a branch of the Bagbag, stretch
in ix to the northwest. The general him
self plunged in up to his neck and the
regiments, all carrying Hags, floundered
across the stream. The guns "f the
Utah Light Artillery were dragged over
next and formed an extended line to j
advance upon the trenches before Cal- ]
umpit, from which the Filipinos were
pouring continuous volleys.
The armored car had one man killed ;
and two wounded. The Kansas regi- !
ment had three wounded during the j
charge and the Utah Light Artillery
one killed and two wounded. Most of !
the other casualties befell the South I
Dakota regiment. i
It is difficult to estimate the insur- J
gent losses, but they are no fewer than
seventy killed, many of them by the
artillery. ._
CASUALTY LiST AS
CABLED BY OTIS
WASHINGTON, April 25*— Genera
Otis has furnished the War Departmen
with the following casualty list:
Killed— First Nebraska, April 23, (■■lone
John M. Btotzenburg; X, Second Lieuten
ant 1- E gisson; B, Quartermaster su-r
geaiu J. F. Storch; 11, Sergeant Charlei
Mi ;• ck. r _. .
Fourth Cavalry, Company I. Privati
William B. Jackßon, William D. Skinner
Wounded— X, Musician Charles Power
ankle severe; Privates italph "W intler
thigh severe; Edward- Quinn, Bhoulder
severe; John B. Carey, thigh, slight; Paby
O'Connor, head, severe.
First Nebraska— H. First I.ieutenan
William K. Mo.. re. leg, moderate; H, Sec
end Lieutenant A. S. Wadsworth, leg
severe; Privates William L. Richards
arm severe; D, T,ee Stoner. Jaw, severe
Edwin O. Peterson, cheek, severe; Janv
Richard, Jaw, Bevere; Charles Swam
iliac region, severe; F, John White, teg
moderate; Musician Walter G. Tingle>
neck severe; H. W. IJvatei and Walti
Klifritz. shoulder, severe; Guy Mlnoi
severe; I, Edwin F. Grepg, forearm, se
vpr.-: James Keenan, thigh, severe; Da
vid Wilkins, chest, severe; Sergeant Clyo
Oshurgh, iliac region, severe; Corporal
Dallash and Henderson, lep;. moderate
X Harry Brookover, arm. severe; Fran
Faukl leg severe; Privates Robert L,
Smith Bide, Bevere; William H. Larui
hand oevere; Fred Gibbs, back, sligh
Otto Hemp, leg, blight; Xli Slsson, thigh
slight; James R. Alwen, knee, f
M Oraen E. Humphrey, shoulder, severe
Sergeant Horace Kennedy, chest, seven
Corporal A. R. Chapman, forearm, mod
crate.
Fifty-first Towa— K, Corporal E. Mar
nor, 'forearm, severe; I>wis Hu
hand severe; Ty. Sergeant Carl Oar<liii'
Bevere; Walter Larsen, thigh, moderate
Robert L. Dailey. dorsal region, sever.
M. Adrian Hackett, leg, severe; Ber
TlKmas, thigh, severe.
T'tfih Artillery— A. Privates David J
Davids, l^g, severe; John Alpbanalp,
head, severe.
Fir?t California— D, Corporal C. M.
Davis, foot, slight.
M'KINLEY BOUND TO
CONQUER THE FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON, April 25.— With a large
War Department map before them, the
members of the Cabinet traced the posi
tions of the American soldiers and the
Filipinos near Calumpit to-day. Secre
tary Alger pointed out what was Intended
to be accomplished, the positions and the
strength of the opposing- forces. The
Secretary Is rather hopeful that the Fili
pinos will not be able to elude the Ameri
can forces this time. He believes that if
a large part of Apuinaldo's army could
be captuß«*r the termination of the fight- <
ing might be near.
A Cabinet officer paid this afternoon j
that the Cabinet has nt no time discussed :
the subject of the future disposition of ,
the Philippines. "It is the present that
v.-p nre thinking of." he paid, i'and -jthere
IB not the slightest intention of deviat- i
ing from the present programme. I be- i
lieve it is the unanimous feeling of the
Cabinet that nothing shall be decided :is
to the future status of the islands until ;
we have placed them satisfactorily under
the control of the United States."
He said that every" dollar and every
man necessary to bring the islands under
the dominion of this country would be i
used. When the insurgents have recog
nized the power of the I'nited States the ■
question of their future statuß will bo i
taken up and discussed.
NAVAL BLOCKADE
OF LUZON ISLAND
WASHINGTON, April 25.— Army offl- !
cials have learned that since Manila fell
the Filipino.s have neen obtaining sup
plies of ammunition frDm Hongkong and
Singapore, as well as from Europe. A
strict naval patrol of the island of Luzon
has been established and the belief is ex
pressed that the supply of ammunition
will now be cut off. It is positively stated
that the Filipinos have no manufactory
f<">r the manufacture of smokeless pow
der and Mauser cartridges which they are ;
using.
Wants His Soldiers Back.
Washington; April 25.— governor
Llnd of Minnesota called on the Presl
dent to-day and asked that the Minne- '
sota volunteers in the Philippines bo mus
tered out immediately. He was referred ;
hy the President lo the Waj: Department,
where it is said he received very little en- i
couragement.
TO PURIFY THE
REPUBLICAN FOLD
Movement Started in
Los Angeles.
AIMED AT STATE MACHINE
BURNS AND McLAUGHLIN TO BE
OUSTED.
-M-
Governor Gage to Reward Senator
Morehouse for Having Fath
ered Anti-Newspaper
Legislation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— An organiza
tion in opposition to the Republican State
Central committee is being perfected, the
object 'being to wrest the Republican
party machinery of California from the
hands of the men who are now in control.
It is said by those who are cognizant of
the movement that the preliminary stages
have long since been passed. Los Angeles
is to be the head and' center of this polit
ical "maneuver. The leaders have been se
lected and ample capital is not lacking.
That the scalps of Burns andMcLaugnlin
are the objects of the tilt by those who
ure opposed to the machine rule is' evi
denced by the statement that the leaders
of the late Grant forces will supply the
men for the ami-machine light. The on
slaught recently made on a portion of the
Los Angi-les County delegation, including
Senator Bulla, is regarded by the initiated
as the primary step in the new movement.
Senator Bulla, while declining to discuss
the language useu and the character of
the attack, favored fie plan of having the
Los Angeles delegation make a formal re
ply to the onslaught.
The story was circulated to-day that
Senator H. V. Morehouse would be ap
pointed by Governor Gape as a member of
the code commission a? a reward for his
work in obtaining the passage of the anti
newspaper legislation of the late Legis
lature, especially the signature law. More
house is said to have given out this in
formation himself.
STRIKERS ARE OBDURATE.
Settlement of the Wardner Trouble
Not in Sight.
WARDNER, Idaho, April 25.— The labor
i strike continues with no evidence of
weakness on either side. The miners have
decided to concentrate their fight on the
. Bunker Hill and Sullivan, which employs
about 4'« i men. Twenty non-union men
I yielded to the pleas of the strikers and
came out from that mine to-day.
After a long meeting this afternoon the
i union miners to the number of 400
i marched in a body to the Bunker Hill
! and Sullivan and tried co induce the night
j shift to come out. With a few exceptions
! they were unsuccessful. During the day
Charles Sweeney of the Last Chance met
! the central committee, composed of dele
from the Burke, Gem, Mullan and
W.-irdner unions, and offered to pay union
I wages of S3 50 per day to miners" and $P»
I per day to other men working under
ground. The central committee accepted
'the proposition, but the Wardner Union
rejected It and the- Last Chance remains
; closed.
Hangs Himself to a Rafter.
SAN josi-:, April 25.— Daniel T. Crowley,
a hoii of Timothy Crowley, a well known
rancher of Mountain View, committed
suicide last night by hang-ing himself to a
rafter In his father's burn. The Coroner's
jury decided he had caused his own de
struction while temporarily lnsanp. He
was L'^ jrars of age and a native of Cali
fornia.
I If we could picture these ready-to-wear suits to you we would.
From mere description you can't know about the strong texture of the cloth, the
good dyeing, the careful cutting and sewing and the thorough making of the suits,
that make them desirable clothes in every particular.
All we can do is to tell you that we guarantee the suits, and the guarantee carries
weight it means something— it's for your benefit — there must be value in the suits to
bear the guarantee.
We agree to this:
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Surely with such protection you can count on complete satisfaction.
The suits will require but little repairing in a year. In fact this is protection for us.
Boys' Middy Suits.
For boys from $to 8 years. All wool suits with colored collars and vests, trimmed with soutache, some same
color throughout:
$2.45 a Suit.
S. N. WOOD 6c CO,,
TlB 7V\<arlce-t Street.
COUNTRY OffDERj FILLED.
CAROUSAL ENDS IN
A CUTTING AFFRAY
Battle in the Dark With an
Assassin in a Cabin Near
Fillmore.
VENTURA, April 25.--In a small
cabin in Sespe Canyon, about five miles
from Fillmure. Thomas B. Jefferson, a
fool dresser, about 31 years of age, was
badly slashed with a knife early yes
terday morning by a person whose
identity is not definitely known. Jef
ferson received eight or nine dangerous
cuts, besides innumerable minor
wounds. He was stabbed above the
heart; his sides were slashed and the
blade pierced a lung and his liver. The
jab in the lung probably will prove
fatal, ('liver T. Justice is imw confined
in the County Jail upon a charge of
felony, which is expected to be raised
to a charge of murder upon the death
of Jefferson, who is not expected to
live long. Jlis surgeon has said he
cannot survive.
On Sunday night between 8 and 9
o'clock Jefferson, .accompanied by Mrs.
Bradfield, and W. < '. High, accom
panied by Mrs. Fine, arrived at Jus
tice's cabin to stay for the night. High
is county agent for the Singer sewing
machine. They put up their horses and
then aroused Justice. Supper was pre
pared and served. The host was hos
pitable and a carousal followed the
meal. The guests had a half dozen
bottles of whisky with them. In an in
terview this afternoon Justice declared
all were intoxicated and bent on having
a good time. The lamps were broken
to commence with, thus causing dark
ness to prevail during the entire night.
All went well until nearly daylight,
when Justice, who claims to have been
lying upon a bed in the main room,
heard scuffling in the room. He could
not see, but he heard Jefferson cry out
that he was stabbed. He went to Jef
ferson's assistance, picking him up and
carrying him to the next room, where
he placed him upon a couch. In this
manner, he claims, his own clothes
were covered with blood.
Justice's appearance this afternoon
was that of a person recovering from a
prolonged debauch. There was a scar
above his right eye. while his left wrist
was scratched and his hands somewhat
bruised. He emphatically denied that
he did the cutting. He said either High
did it or some one followed them up.
Justice's cabin seems to have been a
stopping place for members of this
party. Justice said that though the
coming of the party was unexpected
its arrival did not surprise him. The
various nersons had been there before.
High ami Mi>\ Fin-' had called fre
quently of late. The women, both of
whom are married, called occasionally
without an escort.
Sheriff Charlebois and District At
torney Ewing spent the entire day in
vestigating the crime. A telephone
message was received this afternoon
from Pawing, who was then at Fill
more. The District Attorney obtained
the dying: man's statement
According to Jerrrmon, and his story
is partially corroborated by the women,
the party was having a drinking hout
and later retired. In the early morning
Jefferson started to go into the mom
occupied by Justice, but Justice met
him at the door and made thrusts at
him with a knife. A scuffle ensued,
during which Jefferson was repeatedly
cut by Justice. The light at this time
was Knocked over and the battle was
waged in the dark.
The District Attorney exonerates
High to a great extent. This part o-f the
story is that High was not in the house
at that time and did not know what
happened. High was in this city last
night, but departed early thfs morning
for the country.
The Fillmore section is aroused to a
high pitch of excitement. Mrs. Brad
field is the wife of Mason Bradneld,
who gained considerable notoriety some
years ago, by murdering Joe Dye in Los
Angeles. Bradfield is supposed to be in
Sacramento. Fine, the husband of Mrs.
Fine, was working in the Piru district
oil wells. Jefferson is about 31 years of
age. He has three children.
RUSSIAN ENCROACHMENTS.
Attempt to Occupy More Territory in
China.
VANCOUVER, B. C April 25.— The
steamer Emperor of China brings a story
that Russia in making further encroach
ments. She Is, according to Peking ad
vices, constructing roads from the Pamir
plateau to the frontier of China. A Jarge
force of Russian troops has already
marched from Pamir into the province of
Shinkyo. Officers commanding the force
declare that they have for their object
the construction of roads, but the real
object appears to be something very dif
fer* m . Chinese local authorities, report
ing the matter to the Peking Government,
declare that the Russian troops have ar
rived to occupy territory and have warned
the Government that the matter Is very
grave.
To avoid partition, the Chinese Govern
ment pro i irises to open to foreign trade
all those ports or bays which are jn dan
fer of lxjiiig claimed by other powers be
ore any demand is made.
Spaniards Hold Baler.
NEW JTORK, April 25.— A special
cable to the Sun from Madrid says:
An official dispatch from Manila states
that the Spanish garrison at Baler con
tinues to hold out against the in
surgents. It adds that General Otis de
clined to accept the proposal of General
Rios to send Spanish troops to the re
lief of the beleaguered garrison.
General <"js has decided to send an
American force, accompanied by a
Spanish officer, to rescue the imperiled
Spaniards. .^
Ports Leased to Russians.
VANCOUVER, B. C April 25.— Tha
Empress of China, which arrived to-day
from Hongkong and Yokohama, has on
board several Chinese refugees who. JiKe
Kang Yu Wei. have been compelled to
Japan. Korean advices say tae
Emperor hap leased three ports in East
ern Korea to a Russian whaling com
pany. The ports are Oulsan and Sung
ehupo in the province of Kang-Won and
r'hinpnfjo in the province of Hatnkyeng.
The concession is iiw znetera tn longUi
and 350 in width.
BENZOL EXPLODES
IN GUM FACTORY
Two Men Killed and
Many Injured.
THE PLANT BADLY WRECKED
ITJLLY A HUNDRED BUILDINGS
DAMAGED.
One Employe Is Blown Through thj
toof and Lands on an Adjoiu
ing Structure, but Will
Recover.
h to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 25.— 8y the
explosion <'f Seventy-five gallons of
benzol in the laboratory of Frank H.
Fleer & Co., manufacturers <>f chewing
gam at 2'.W.J Callowhill street, to-day,
two men were killed, three persons seri
ously injured and over a score of oth^r^
were more or less injured by flying
debris. The dead are:
WALTER B4ANWARING, assistant
superintendent.
CHARLES MrKIXLEV. engineer.
Of those injured, Harry Randall, an
employe, and Mrs. Giviaon and her son,
are the moat seriously hurt, but these
will recover.
The explosion was a terrific one and
for a time caused the wildest excite
ment. No less than one hundred build
ings in the vicinity, most of them small
dwellings, were damaged.
The. laboratory building was a two
story structure. At the time of the
explosion there were only four men
working in 'the building, who were pre
paring a mixture for the making of
Vanilline. The doors to the room in
which they were working were closed,
but the fumes from the benzol in some
1 manner reached the furnace in the next
room and the explosion instantly fol
lowed. Manwaring was instantly killed
I and McKinley was so badly hurt that
he died several hours later in a hos
pital. Randall's escape was remark
abl.e. He was blown through the roof
and landed on an adjoining building.
At first it was thought he was dead,
but after treatment in the hospital he
regained consciousness. Although bad
ly hurt" he will recover. George Con
ner, the fourth employe in the room,
escaped with a few severe bruiF-s.
Mrs. Giviso.n, with her child in
her arms, was hurriedly leaving her
home, which was directly opposite the
laboratory, her divss caught fire from*
■a burning ember and she and the child
were badly burned. Their recovery is
doubtful.
The explosion was so terrific that the
buildings adjoining on each side of the
laboratory were completely demolished.
on both sides "f the street, for a whole
square, th< explosion wrought destruc
tion. Windows were broken, fixtures
were smashvd and walls were cracked.
Fire added to the destruction in a num
ber of places. • but the names were
extinguished before they did any con
siderable damage. The score of persons
injured were all tenants of the many
dwellings and were in no way con
nected with the laboratory. Some were
severely cut by glass, while many of
them were struck by the flying debris.
The money loss is estimated to be
Considerably OVM $100,000-X OS ANGELES April 25.— With j
L tendered i<~> tho 1
commercial
• Southern Call-
Mexico,
Ttah
over
to th^ ' the com-
I he free harbor
-1 in. Th
;. at
the i ora
. | ■ les. The
was delivered by
Mayor Fr>
Thf- Mas Bower festival i
d with a mon
era ol th<
Bh Rite.
ntlng and
; .. olored eh
lights
walks to of buildings at the
Inters
. "I " :'! i pened at
at ll o'clock.
from
pre
l-lit»< >n in
f the Whil that
will i barge
■ ■
ntractors have
• gin. San
also is In holiday attire and has
i ■
tertainment of that will
\ [si( the ■ ' town.
Thp offli i ; inns by the
■ . th< ] toard of Supei visors, the
Board and other organizations
■will cause business Cor the wef-k t<> )«■
jirnctirally d. The aim of the
been to Rive
of Southern California a
feasting and enjoyment In
commemoration of the birth of a np\v
rra in the commercial and industrial
i 8( uthweat r >t the
I 'nit f •• •:■] -if ,-t victory won by
of its people. That the
THE HARBOR OF SAN PEDRO AS IT APPEARS TO-DAY.
A FREE HARBOR
labors of those who battled for this
free harbor are not forgotten, a festoon
bearing the words "Honor to Whom
Honor Ts Duf," and reflecting the
portraits in oil of Stephen M. White
and Georgo C. Perkins has
stretched from street to Bireel at the
entrance to the free harbor Jubilee
headqua rters.
The cltia ns of Los Angeles to-nisrht
are celebrating a victory thai covers
'ears of desperate battling to
u.i in what was justly due the ■ ■ ■ •
SOME FEATURES OF
THE HARBOR JUBILEE
How the People of Southern Cali
fornia Will Celebrate Their
Victory.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— The great
victory for a free harbor at San Pedro,
gained by a praiseworthy persistence of
the people of Los Angeles, is being cele
brated In this city and in San Pedro, the
dates being April '.'."'. -''< and 27, under the
official title of the Free Harbor Jubilee, to
which all the leading citizens of the
United States have been invited. Th ac
tive spirits in the free harbor jubilee cel
ebration are embraced in the following
committees:
Executive committee — Honorary members.
Hon. Stephen M. White, Colonel Georjje H.
Mendell; W. B. Cline. president; X. E. Gibbon,
first vice president; George S. i'atton, secmi
vice president: George XV. i ■:!•- ins, secretary;
W. C. Patterson, treasurer; Charles Milan.
John T. Gaffe; Robert F. Jones, P. E. Hatch,
It. H. Herron, G. W. Mlnter, P. M. Daniel.
Fred L. Baker. Ferd K. Rule, Fred J. Smith.
A. P. Griffith. H. F. Norcross, G. J. Griffith,
Kapparo Cohn, W. G. Nevin, John H. Mathews,
W. H. Workman, J. Ross Clark, F. J. Thomas,
H. Hawdood.
Finance R. H. Herron (chairman), M. H.
Newmark. R. H. Howell, XV. <;. Kerckhoff. C.
11. Toll. O. T. Johnson, M. H. Flint. I. XV.
Blinn. Robert McGarvln, A. W. Skinner, J. S.
Slauson, N, Honfillo. T. J. Darmody, M. Ester
naux. Abe Haas, Alonz i E. Davis.
Invitation and reception— Griffith J. Griffith
(chairman), Dan Freeman, F. M. Kelsey, J. O.
Knepfll, J. A. Muir. Hon. Fred Eaton, Herman
Silver, M. M. Potter, W. D. Woolwlne, Homer
Laußhlin, Eugene Germain.
Southwestern Commercial Congress — T. E.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
Glbboi i, R L. CralK. Robert F.
I - A. Edwards, .1. S. Slauson, P, M.
Daniel, John T. Gaffey, P. E. Hatch. '*.. W.
M:nter
To-day u;i> denominated as reception
day. The Chamber of Commerce acted
as host during the day, and through ap
propriate committees received the distln- I
• i §ru< sts as they arrived.
The booming of cannon at ll o'clock to
morrow morning:- San Pedro daj will an
■ to the world thai President Me
continu 'us wire from Wasn
n to Ha;. Pedro, touched an elei trii
l>uti"ii in the library of th( White House
that, by a signal, caused the dumping of
the first barge load of rock on the se
lected site for the Ban Pedro breakwater.
To the din "f the cannon's roar will be
added the screeching of every whistle on
the vessels in the harbor, the piping of
hundreds of horns, the Bhouts of assem
thousands and the notes of several
brass bands.
The bounty of the southland is Inex-
Ible, and to care for the multitude
irranged to feed
persons, in an inclosure holding
t of table space, with sixteen pita
roasting the meats, and with
waiters and Bixteen butchers to offi
ciate, upward of 1500 pounds of corn-fed
- buns. 1250 pounds of beans
-■ pounds of coffee will be dispensed.
To this will be added 10.000 pounds of
fresh dams steamed in their own fra
• . thai will be free to all in and out
of the Inclosure until the sun sinks to
rest. This is expected to be the large.-t
ue ever given on the American con
tinent.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the literarx
exercise^ and dedicatory ceremonies will
t.ik.- place. Senators George C. Perkins
ai : btephei M. White. Colonel S. 0
Houghton, Thomas E. (Jibhon. George
S. Patton, William A. Harris and others
participated In the great light for
ople's rights will speak and recount
the incidents of the struggle.
During the evening towering red find
blue lights will be placed along both
of tin- inner harbor and a line of
lights on moored boats on the proposed
f the breakwater will give an op
portunity t" note its sweep Into the
waters of the Pacific. From the boats
tinuous display of fireworks will be
made. This will be r' • ■1 1 < > %s- » • < 1 bj
markable display of bursting bombs and
dazzling rockets from i ><■;>■: Man's Island.
<mi April 27 the celebration shifts from
•■■ Los Angeles, and Thursday
will be known as Los Angeles or Floral
day. The display will exceed any attempt
similar nature ever made in Southern
• rnla. The city will be profusely
ited with Rags, bunting and Bti
ers. floral designs, set pieces and charac
teristic displays, 'be red, white and blue,
a -iaiiy designated by the executive
committee, alone being used.
Dvi from s o'clock until
midnight, the City of the -Angels will
t a gorgeous appearance owing to
the use of " i colored electric lights. At
all of the prominent Btreet Intersections
in the business portion of the city arches
will lie erected for grouping the lights in
festoons and figures, while alone- the
fronts of buildings rows of tiny globes
will glisten.
This it is believed will be the greatest
lisplay that has ev< i been
made wist of the Worlds Fair city. The
evening will b<- given over to enjoyment,
fun and merrymaking.
The event of the day will be the floral
parade, which Btarts iron, Main and Sev
enth streets at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
The column will be led by the famous
Americus Club of Pasadena, i?'*) Btrong,
iii full white uniform, and followed by
the representatives of England, France,
Germany, Mexico and Belgium In this
■■ .1 bj thi signal corps of the
Seventh Regiment, National Guard <.i
California. The floral entries, comprising
teen distinct classes, will bring out
hm array of vehicles that will test the pa
• and skill of the judges. The re
mainder of the parade will comprise
Troop D. mounted, of the Seventh Regi
ment, National Guard of California; bicy
ntestants, fifty caballeros and the
Chinese population with its Bfty-fool
n, accompanied by the customary
sidelights and holiday attire. The
department will enter !n full force
with machines fully decorated.
As the foreign representatives in Los
Angeles. Consuls and consular agents,
have issued a joint circular urging the
subjects of the various countries repre
sented by them to take every means in
thi ir power to make the Frer- Harbor
jubili b, the affair will bear a
distinctively cosmopolitan air. The cir
cular states thai these representatives
Ider Ihc construction of the harbor
!.•• ..f more Importance to
iliis district than any other public im- j
provemeni heretofore undertaken.
On Friday, April 28, the sessions of the
Commercial Congress will be held. This .
Ik a feature thai has <■ n ihe outgrowth
(jf the work <.f the s,m Pedro harbor and
signed to bring ir.to closer commer
cial relationship wbh I>>s Angeles Ihe
producing elements >>i' contiguous States
• future shipments ■• • ted to
through this new gateway of the
Pacific. To bring about this condition and
to have an Interchange of Ideas the
Chambers of Commerce and Boards of
Trade throughout Southern California
Arizona, New Mexico, Utah and Nevada
have been requested ;■• sei I delegates.
The body will convene .it : o'clock and
the opening address will he made by
Th imas E. Gibbon, whu Is the temporary
chairman of the organization.
During the festivities attendant upori
the free harboi jubilee and tl
deliberations of the Commercial Congress
th< re will be held tn I. the
most notable gathering of Masons known
in the history of Southern California. The
object of the gathering 's to rals< funds
f. >r a Masonic Home in Southern Cali
fornia through the medium of a fruit and '
Rower festival, which began in Hazard's
Pavilio ■ :. This was T h. especl il
Matonic opening i-.iu'h!. A tl< -ru 1 towi
feet high and fruits 'mm all the Bectlona
<>f this pai tof 1 •■•:• shown. A \
number of i hapters .f the Eastern Star
and other bodies have booths in the hall.
The festival was declared open by mem
bers of the Scottish Kit. bodies. A ball
was given <his evening, the Scottish Rite
members .••.'•tir.^ as masters of ceremonies.
The reception committee of the festival
consists of tti«' matrons, patrons and past
patrons of Acacia, SoatHgate, Esperaria,
Los Angeles and Pasadena chapters of *
the Order of the Eastern Star. A con- \
tlnuous change of pr igramme has been
arranged for each succeeding day and
night of the festival.
EX-SENATOR WHITE
REVIEWS THE BATTLE
How Huntington's Forces, Aided
by Secretary Alger, Were
Routed.
I.Ofi ANGELES, April 25.— The people
of Los Angeles concede th;it to the tact.
judgment apd tireless perseverance of ■ x-
United States Senator Stephen M. White
i- largely due the fact thru a people's
harbor at San Pedro is under construc
tion. To the accomplishment of this ob
jeci Senator White addressed himself with
.-kill and g< neralship that have
gained him additional laurels, the results
proving that he was equal t<> the emer
gency. The i>''s : ;i.iii Into which the ene
miea of the San P iro location essayed to
force him by opposing the measure did
not deter the Senator from the manlj
and open fiKht he had determined ti> make
in tin' Interests ip t" a free harbor for
Southi m < ialifornla.
In an Interview to-day with The Call
representative, Senator White detailed
the Incidents connected with the battle in
Congress and the stroki In the White
■ ti.at broke the power of the oppo
sition, led by Secretary of War Russell A.
Alger.
In commenting upon the earlj history
of San !' sdro harbor and the first efforts
to secure deep water In the harbor, Sena
tor White said thai the obstacles preced
ing the location of San i'< dro harbor
have been many and at times appeared
Insurmountable, and that In early days
San Pedro was used as an embarcadero j
for the shipment of hides, tallow and
other products of the country. Its nat
ural adaptability to the purpose for which
It is to be utilized was thus observed by
the early mariner. The iirat Improve
ments of importance attempted by the
flovernment were inaugurated in connec
tion with Wilmington, or as It Is now
called, the inner harbor, nearly thirty
years ago; and at that time there was a
depth or less than two feet at the en
trance at low tide. Dredging and jetty
construction have Bince Becured a depth
of sixteen feet at mean low tide, while
the work has been uncommonly snc<
ful. There wan no objection to its con
tinuance until Congress authorized the
appointment <>;' a board of engineers to
locate a deep water harbor on this coast
between Point Dume and Capistrano.
This board was headed I>\ ''"lonel Men
dell of San Francisco, and consisted
wholly of able engineers of the United
States army corps.
"Quite a contention developed before
that board as to tne location, said Sen
ator White, "lint after discussion they re
ported un-in m u.-ly in favor of Sin Pedro,
["hereupon followed a somewhat extraor
dinary proceeding. The very able and ef
ficient chairman of the Senate Commerce
Committee, who believed his own judg
ment superior to that of the i ngln
caused the report to be disregarded and
succeeded In ordering a new board, not
withstanding the vigorous and able oppo
sition of Hon. C. N. Felton, who was then
one of our Senators,
"The river and narbor act of that ses
sion authorized the appointment of five
United States engineers to make the in
vestigation. The new board was headed
by Colonel (afterward general) Craighill,
and consisted of five members. This
board, after full Investigation, again de
termined in favor '•; Han Pedro. There
upon one of the most bitter contests that
has been had In the Senate for many
rears arose. WHen the issue was present
ed In the House no conclusion was
reached. The real tight developed In the
Commerce Committee, of which Senator
Frye_was chairman.
"Our delegation was well aware of th.'
situation, and being a member of the com
mittee I was able to voic.' our combined
judgment We went over th.- subject with
all the care and attention possible under
the circumstances. It was not a pleasant
task to antagonize the chairman of that
committee or the powerful interests thai
also advocated the cause which hi
poused. The fight had oeen going on so
long, that the older Senators had taken
sides with reference to it, and. Indeed. I
was Informed by a member of the Com
merce Committee that he had been
pledged to Santa Monica for eight >■
Committees came from California, ex
perts and attorneys were heard, and as a
result a resolution was reported to the
Senate providing for the construction of a
water harbor at Santa Monica; thus
absolutely ignoring the unanimous recom
mendations of two United States boards
of engineers. In this view I found myself
entirely unable to concur, and 1 prepared
and tii'-d a minority report, which was
signed by Senators Berry. Caffery and
Pasco and myself, and would have been
d by Senator Vest had he been pres
ent, insisting upon San Pedro.
"Tlie report went before the Senate in
connection with numerous other provi
sions of the river and harbor bill, and
then t""k place a most serious and point
ed debate. 1 have no disposition to run
over that discussion, which was partici
pated in by many Senators on both sides.
and in which Senator Krye displayed most
remarkable ability as an advocate— and
he is one of tlie alilest advocates 1 have
ever met. Those who favored the :i<i>.ji
tlon of the San Pedro reports. Including
myself and Senator Perkins, ntilizea
every argument at our comma-id. S<
that" the condition was precarious and
that there was no immediate hope of ob
taining an appropriation for San Pedro,
we expressed ourselves willing to trust
the matter to a. third board. To this
proposition there was great opposition,
ami finally as a compromise it was pro
posed that a board containing one naval
officer to "be detailed by the Secretary of
thi Navy, an officer of the Coast and Geo
(K Mr Survey, to be detailed by tlie super
intendent of that survey, and three ex
perienced civil engineers skilled in ripa
rian work, to be appointed by the Presi
dent, should constitute a board to exam
ine the harbors, and that the decision of
the majority of ;uch board should be
final. This beard was headed by Admi
ral Walker. It came to Ixis Angeles took
evidence, thoroughly examined into the
subject and reported— with the exception
of mi" member, Mr. Morgan, against
whose selection I had movt earnestly pro
tested — in favor of San Pedro.
"In view of these uniform decisions it
was thought that there would be no fur
ther difficulty, but it so happened that
the Secretary of War did not agree with
these several report? and determined to
ignore them. He at first expressed him
self as believing that the Walker report
was too ambiguous to be enforced. He
could not obtain the concurrence of the
Chief of Engineers, General Wilson, and
he thereupon referred the subject to At
torney General McKenna, who overruled
the Secretary, holding that there was
nothing in his criticism. He then declared
that lie could not advertise for bids be
cause no appropriation had been made for
that purpose. Frequent offers w< re mad.
by the newspapers of this coast to print
the necessary notices free of charge. This
he declined to accept on the pretext that
th<' Government could not accept dona
tions. Ignoring the truth that all over the
United States the Postoffice Department
accepts expensive buildings fr< ■
charge. Then sev< ral leading newspapers
expressed their willingness to print the
matter and await Congressional b
This the Secretary also declined. Mean
time the subject was referred to the
proper Treasury officer, who ruled that
there was something like 116,000 on harm.
The expenses of advertising were merely
nominal. Bids were advertised for. and
the bidders ranged all the way from the
price tixed by th<- present contractor to
the full amount allowed.
"Still the Secretary was not satisfied.
but failed to proceed, and declared his in
tention to present the act once more to
the Attorney General (then Governor
Griggrf) for construction. He assured
ral persona that he had done so, when
as a matt' r of fact he had made no such
submission. The Bession of Congress was
coming to an end. and we naturally be
came exceedingly nervous. Several of us
railed upon the President, and I !■•
that I there expressed my opinion of the
conduct of the Secretary of War in an
emphatic manner, and we all urged
promptness. Finally the President, alter
having looked over the situation and
having determined that the harbor ought
to be located at San Pedro, asked the
Secretary when he intended to seek the
advice of the Attorney General. Pressed
uii.itly by the executive, he was com
pelled to make the submission, and once
mon tlie matter was decided against him.
as Gei.eral Griggs promptly concurred
with Judge McKenna. After this there
■w:-.s nothing to do but let the contract.
"Perhaps there has never been any
work projected in the United States so
embarrassed by unnecessary difficulties.
.Many of those who opposed the present
Location did so in the best -of faith, but
the public will never believe, nor would
it be justified in believing, that had not
the powerful interests headed by Air.
Huntingdon been behind Santa Monica
there would have been no serious oppo
sition after the making of the Mendel!
report. Individual Senators or Represen
tatives might have expressed dissent, but
the project would have gone through.
Mr. Huntingdon has had vast experience
in Congress, has many friends there who,
recognising his great ability, find it im
possible to find him in error, and they
Implicitly follow him. Then, of course,
there is another class, to l»e found every
where, who seek the approval of wealth
and power and hope for its smiles.
"During the battle which was waged
at the time of the appointment of the
Walker board the people of Los Angeles
were in a state of ferment, but the
masses and the overwhelming body of
business men, who were unawed by rail
road domination, advocated San Pedro.
A number of good citizens, however, it
must be said— among whom I count many
of my personal friends— preferred the
other "place. Now that the victory has
been achieved and the last opposing of
ficial nas been rudely thrown aside, there
ought not to be further trouble. After a
continuing contract such as that involved
here has been let, appropriations follow
as a matter of course— not in the river
and harbor bill, but In the general ap
propriation bill, the average amount ap
propriated being about 25 per cent for
each year. The proper amount was ap
propriated by the last Congress.
"The success with which the efforts of
those who advocated San Pedro was at
tended cannot be measured by the or
dinary embarrassments of such an un
dertaking. The character of the opposi
tion suggests Btrlklngly the necessity of
continued vigilance. Anything like pub
lic apathy, such as the election of men
who might be dominated by ulterior mo
tives, cannot hut result disastrously.
"The last Congress, at my suggestion,
ordered an examination of the inner har
bor, and when that examination has been
made it is quit*- possible That further im
provements will be accomplished. But
the construction of the breakwater pro
jected will furnish a harbor of refuge and
an anchorage for merchant vessels and
for our warships, which must be of vital
Importance, especially in view of the de
velopment of Oriental commerce."
GOVERNOR GAGE SNUBS
JUBILEE COMMITTEE
It Is Not the Habit of the
Executive to Acknowledge
Courtesies.
I.OS ANGELES. April 25.— Governor
Gage will be in the city during: this (jubi
lee) week. As the Governor's name does
not appear among the list of distinguished
speakers who will address the people at
San Pedro to-morrow, his friends are crit
icising tne management of the harbor
jubilee celebration, claiming that he has
been slighted and that he has not been ac
corded a proper place on the programme.
The officials of the jubilee combat this
Inference and bluntly state that Governor
Gage received a special invitation, in
common with 30'J other dignitaries of the
T'nited States, but that the Governor has
not replied to the invitation. They also
say that a personal invitation, through
John T. Gaffey. one of the executive com
mittee, was tendered to Mr. Gage, and
nothing is on file to show that he took the
\ slightest notice of these courtesies. This
I condition may account for the fact that
! the Governor brought no members of his
I staff to the jubilee.
MEN WHO FOUGHT
FOR THE HARBOR
Los Angeles Citizens Untiring in
Their Onslaught Upon the
Common Foe,
Three centuries ago OahriUo, the. great
navigator, who first landed on the shores
of Southern California, anchored in the
harbor of San Pedro. Cabrillo sailed Into
the harbor and christened the quiet wat
ers Bahia de los Humos— "the bay of
smokes" — owing to the clouds of vapor
hanging over the bay, the result of In
dians burning the marsh grasses. The
name of San Pedro was given the harbor
by Viscaino. an explorer who followed
Cabrillo. This was in honor of Saint Pe
ter of Alexandria, who suffered martyr
dom in the third century, whose day in
the calendar is November 26, the date
when Viscaino entered the bay.
From that date to the present San Pc
34
dro has been the natural outlet for the
lon of Soul hern ('ali
. n hlle In no harbor on
any Ami rl 1 -■ |in< 1 %
it was about fifty years after the discov
■ world that sailing vessels
entered within :
The labors of the Free Harbor League
of 1 -. dating from November
behalf of the people's harbor at
San Pedro, have been most conspicuous
and praiseworthy. The wellnign impos
sible task that lay before them did not
daunt these men in the face of corporate
V - -\ d by ( '.illis P. Huntington
•v honest
The leaders In that movement and par
ticularly those who remained true to their
navi ■ irned the perpetual grati
tude of the peoi 1 California
and all well wishers for the prosperity of
Los Angeles.
Tiic first conceited action in favor of
the free harbor was an address to the
mcml < Fifty-third Congress in
Jam ailing at length th<»
Injustice that was being put upon
■ Southern California by the
luthera Pacific Raiir
In I ion, it must be
examining board appoint
thi Presidi ni by direction of Con
gress ■ a n porl upon the
B Pedro, de
and Santa Monica,
supported by Collla P. Huntington, and
« fiere a Ig v. harf had been const!
by the Southern Pacific— decided without
hesitancy in favor of San Pedro.
board of five army engi
ted sti
i II was pr< diet( •! thu
Bitten would disappear. When C<
met . rail-
Lgain manifest, as ; t
Ident ihi . . lative tac
■ public an.! opin
. Influenced
warfare common to Huntington. The
:. 1 became in
• • t to Con
.
thai body in its true
blocked when
.1 the
through a com
pening the harbor at
'.'
A. l on the enemy was
mad<
a...; . ■
' 'resident a - tary ol
. tor White the
! .11 appointing . th<
■
whethi diture of this $2
San Pi
This
d the
two sites, and during ks .<f
rived
■
turrn 1] to Wasl ■ as fa-
P. Huntingtor was baffled, but
when a new danger in t!v arbitrary acts
Iscov
■. to advertise fi
as
v,is provided In the Whii
■
ounds. Tl
was
• that this pha
■
:■:.; ;.• d against a
■ • my. as bids w asked
for, and n'hen they wei
submitted. The
San Pi -
• le I to Held
mtractors,
•
■ futing the
• -■• r that it was
• ■ ss intend
- of refuge and- for
commi that if Congress did intend
money
■
imns could be written in laudation
irticipated In the many
on engendered and of
until the single «n
---emy < - 1 -eded
mmerce, Senator
■minal Railway
thei officers of
■. and the Los Angeles
■ if battle. Others
I
S. 1 H rho is con
movement; ex-
W. H. Workman, G .arles
. W. D. Wool
arles Weir. H.
Hawgood. F. \V. King. F. K. Rule, A. M.
W. Parsons . U E. Krook.
S \. Sheldon and ex-
Henrj 1!
ARIZONA OFFICERS
CAPTURE TERRILL
San Jose Defaulter Is
Arrested.
Sppcial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 25.— Samuel B. Terrill.
the defaulting attorney, who hurriedly
left San Jdfp last Friday, has been arrest
ed at Nogales, Ariz., on a charge of fel
'■ny pmbf-zzlement sworn to here by Jo
seph 11. Faull. Since rrlH's departure
he has been carefully traced and to-day
it was positively known that he was in
Arizona. A notice to the Sheriffs through
r-nt Arizona soon local him at Nogales,
and on telegraphic instructions he was
placed under arrest. A Deputy Sheriff
Will be sent from here to bring him back.
T-riill's Irregularities have been nu
merous and it was only by settling his
nlil n!T;ijrs with bogus deeds and mort
gages that he was enabled to obtain time
enough to make this last break for lib
erty. He lias obtained $20,000 in all
through fraudulent mortgages and forged
deeds. As the attorney and administra
tor of the Christopher Faull estate he
lind every opportunity to defraud. Sev
eral weeks ago Judge Uyland of the Su
j.orior ('<Hirt, after an examination, found
that Terrill was indebted in the sum of
Jl'iOO to the estate. Since that time, on
the strength of a deed purporting to have
been signed by Frank JL. Haskeii, Ter
rill obtained $500 moro from the estate.
A great many of the people robbed by
Trrrill's crooked practices were miners
and email dealers in the town of Alma
den, where Terrill had at one time lived.
A few days before his fight Terrill drove
to town on some business matter. He
was at once surrounded by infuriated
men and women and nearly mobbed.
Ilocks and clubs were hurled at his head
He escaped the clutches of the angry mob
by driving rapidly away.
REUNION OF FORESTERS.
PALTNAS, April 25.— The Foresters of
America from all parts of three counties
convened in this city to-day and to-night.
urt of this city i« acting
as hosi and th« visiting Foresters ami
■ ntertalned.
The local court n preparing fr, r
this reunion of the several courts f<>r
time . and not n detail for the enw-r
--::»-Ut <jf visitors w;us overlooked. It
was the iiitent!<m of tho Foresters to pa
t<'-day with the Native Sons, but
uccount of the rain \.ho parade wa3
About 400 members nf the order arrived
mi.. rtiing. and ail day long they were
! by the home court. This even
nrere tenderd a banquet at Ag
: .irui Hall, after which a ball was
them in Pacific Hall.
The courts represented at to-day's re
■■ "i Del Monte, Monterey,
F;u; 1. '.:<-;i s. San I.vis Obispo. Hollistir,"
roville, Watsonville. Pajaro, Santa
Cruz, Sole.dai], King City and other
Pears'
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
oerfection.
SAN FRANCISCO TO ENTERTAIN
THE NATIVE SONS NEXT YEAR
SALINAS. April C— Tfce farmers are I
happy if the Native Sons are not,
for after an all night downpour the ,
visiting thousands again awoke to
1:1111 a city of rain and mud. The snow
on the neighboring mountains, which was
a part of last night's Btonn, rendered the
atmosphere extremely chilly. Overcoats
were donned by the men and the ladies
muffled themselves in furs.
All day people poured into the town, 1
special trains running from Monterey, I
Pacific Grove, Del Monte, Castroville,
Santa Cruz, Watsonvllle and Pajaro, j
while the dummy line trains and vehicles
of all kinds brought crowds from the out
lying districts Of Salinas. The town was
overflowing with a happy, enthusiastic
crowd, the ardor of whose high s;>ir
amount of rain seemed capable of dimin
ishing-
The delegates arrived early at the
opera-house, where the business s.ssions
of the Grand Parlor are being held. I
ing the wait pefore Grand President Con- !
gavel fell they discussed th^ action j
taken during yesterday's sessions, and
Marysville, which was in the race to se
the Grand Parlor both last year and
this year, came In for a good deal of good
natured "guying." Oroville men were
nt, naturally, over their Buccess of ,
rday and went about distributing
circulars, orange blossoms and oranges to
1 verybody. Tni y are telling all the in- <
r< resting things the Natives can do and ,
■■ ion they go to Oroville next year,
ire making things generally boom fur <
their city. <
The determination of the Grand Par
provide medals of honor for every \
California volunteer, the medals to be <
presented when the volunteers are mug
out, is receiving the universal com
of the delegates. So many of i
•■ ■ q in J
the service of their country in the Philip- ,
pines or elsewhere— the Sixth. Seventh 1
and Eighth regiments being in great part <
composed 'if Natives of the Golden State. A
while the roster of the famous First, al- "
bo high on the roll of honor for <
bravery and prowess, is almost entirely .
made up of names appearing on the rolls ]
of the Native Sons of the Golden West—
that the pride of the Grand Parlor in
their brother? found It necessary to take
some mode of expressing- i'
The printed reports of the prand officers
found distributed in th« seats "f the dele- ,
tratcs also came in for their share of
(."mmom. Never in the history of the
order have these reports been so full of i
improvement and prosperity, and all of
them speak of the wonderfully in. r.-asii .^
strength of the order. Durinp the year
the order has not only prown in member- ■
ship, but two new parlors have been or
ganized, and the treasury of the society !
Ifl stronger than ever before in it< his
tory. The organization of several more |
parlors in the near future Is assured. The
grand secretary reports a membership of
and the grand treasurer reports
funds on hand to the amount of $235,231 25.
California Parlor No. l of San Francisco, j
: the largest and wealthiest parlor of the j
ord( r. alone has a cash balance of !
H4.931 4!'.
A feature of Grand President Conley's
report is the recommendation that the
office of grand assistant secretary be
created.
The rain came down in uninterrupted
j torrents all the forenoon, and when the
hour for the parade arrived the waiting
; multitude was told that it "was postponed
on account of th* weather." Fully 12.Q00
people were in the city during the day,
and when they found they must wait for
the day's spectacle they proceeded to \
make things lively in every direction.
Alell Parlor of Native Daughters, with
a receptkm committee composed of Mrs.
A. L. Candles*. Miss Grace Shearer,
Mrs. S. N. Mathews. Miss Mabel Harvey, !
Mrs. E. A. Eaton, Mrs. 11. E. Abbott, Miss i
Ma* Patton. Mrs. J. \V. Stirling, Miss
Edith Bak-r. Mrs. I* Gk Hare, Miss B.
Porter, Miss N. <"lark. Mr^. A. Hartis
and Mrs. C. Blamchard, kept open hou:-ir> |
in Its charming reception rooms In Na- I
AN AMANUENSIS
FOR THE GOVERNOR
Mr. Gage Will Be Aided in Puttiog
h|is RemarKs Into
Eoglisl).
LOS ANGELES, April 25. — Governor Henry T. Gage, who arrived in Los
Anereles thfs morning from his Downey ranch, has been in consultation with
political and other friends regarding political and private business during
the day. The Governor in an interview would neither confirm nor deny the
correctness of the report sent by the Associated Press from San Francisco,
in which he is made to say:
"I have already appointed Dan Burns Senator to succeed Stephen M.
White. His commission has not been made out yet, that's all."
When pressed for a direct statement, the Governor replied: "I will not
be interviewed. The newspapers persist in publishing statements credited
to me which I have not made, and hereafter when I have anything to say
to the public on any subject I shall dictate it to a stenographer. Then I
cannot be misquoted."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The Auditor of the Treasury Rules
That Chinese Inspectors Are
Not Customs Officers.
WASHINGTON. April 25.— The Secre
tary of \he Treasury has sent the follow
ing letter to Collector of the Port Jack
son, San Francisco:
The Auditor for the Treasury holds that
Chinese Inspectors are not customs officers,
anrt that therefore no authority Is conferred
upon collectors or their deputies to administer
oaths to the expense accounts of such Chinese
inspectors. It Is desired, therefore, that Chi
nese Inspectors be required to make oath, to
their expense accounts before notaries public
or other officers having an official seal and
qualified to administer oaths generally. The
oaths to salary and expense accounts of all
officers required to take the so-called custom
oath and all officers of the revenue cutter
i service may be taken before collectors of cus-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
tive Sons' Hall.' Santa Lucia Parlor, ;
Native Sons of the Golden West, threw
open its rooms to the visitors, and at the
armory, where Troop C's reception rooms
are always open, many of the city's
guests were made at home. Continuous
bands played during the morning, and
throughout the city not the smallest sign .
of gloom was visible, except that of the
leaden sky. Everybody wished it
would stop raining, though, and when
"George Washington"— the barometer i
that never lies— began to rise all were
delighted. ;
All the delegates were in their places
when the morning session of the Grand
Parlor came to order.
The rain stopped early In the afternoon,
hut the streets were bo sloppy that to I
march on foot would have been nearly
Impossible, and it was decided not to at- ;
tempt to parade to-day but to defer it
till Thursday at 10 a. m. An Inspection
of Recreation Park, where the baseball
game between the Santa Cruz and Wat
sonville teams was to have occurred, '
showed the condition of the diamond to
be so extremely "juicy" that the game
also was postponed to Thursday. The
executive committee then sat down to '
think out a way of entertaining the peo
ple that thronged all over the city In
Toms or their special deputies, as stated in the
art above referred to.
Army orders: Acting Assistant Surgeon
Edwin P. Hayward, United States army,
will proceed from this city to San .Francis
co and report for assignment to duty.
Private Orrle C. Lane. Eighteenth Unit
ed States infantry, Presidio of San Fran
cisco, is transferred to Battery N, Third
United States Artillery, stationed at that
post.
Private James Houlihan, Battery M.
Sixth United States Artillery, Lnlted
States transport Warren, San Francisco,
will be discharged without honor from the
service of the United States by the com
manding officer of his station.
Major Harry L. Rees, paymaster United
States army, Is relieved from further duty
at Portland, Or., and will proceed to and
take station at San Francisco and report
to the commanding general, Department
of California.
Private George Ferrow, Company X,
Fourteenth United States Infantry, Pre
sidio of San Francisco, is transferred to
Troop M, Fourth United States Cavalry,
stationed at that post.
Private James L. Grimes, Company B,
search of amusement. Their cogitations
resulted in two band concerts and an im
promptu dance at Armory Hall, that
everybody thoroughly enjoyed.
Between 4 and t> o'clock the special
trains that brought the people from the
surrounding towns this morning began to
return, and although about 3000 people
were thus taken out of the city, tho dif
ference 1 was scarcely appreciable. Every
body wont away with the settled deter
mination to return on Thursday for the
parade und ball game, anfl already ar
rangements are bring made to have spe
i-ial trains run to and from Salinas on
that day. A large number of to-day's
arrivals remained over for the Foresters'
banquet and ball to-night.
Anothor festive occasion was onjoyed
at Armory Hall to-night when Aleli Par
lor. Native Daughters oT the Golden
\\'<si, assisted by Santa Lucia Parlor of
Native Sons, gave a ball in honor of the
grand officers and delegates of the Grand
Parlor. Tho immense room was beauti
ful with tho colors of Aleli Parlor and
quantities of cut flowers, potted palms
ferns and other plants. Tho gowns of
the ladies were charming. Tho ladies
composing the reception committee were
Mi^-s Graoe Shearer, Mrs. a. L. McCan
dliss, Mrs. S. \V. Matthews, the Misses
Mabel Harvey, Mao Patton, Edith Baker,
Bee Porter and Natilie Clark and Mes
dames A. Harris, C. W. Blanchard, L. Z.
Hare, J. \\ . .Stirling, 11. K. Abbott and
E. A. Eaton.
.1. A. Anderson of PaTinas acted as
chairman of tho floor committee, with
K. E McCandllss. R. F. Millor. A. J.
Zabala, U. Hartnell, J. B. Iverson, F. M.
Vierra, C. F. Grant, P. E. Zabala, EL R.
Farley ami 1,. U. <irant, all Native Sons,
as follow commit teemen.
The ball was well managed and alto
gether one of tho. most brilliant functions
evei arranged in honor of tho Grand Par
lor, Native Sons of tho Golden West.
First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, will
bo discharged the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of the
Presidio, San Francisco.
The following enlisted men of the hos
pttnl corps, now supposed to b» at sta
tions designated after their names, will
be discharged the service of the United
States by the commanding officers of their
respective stations: Acting Hospital Stew
ard H. 11. Siebe. camp at Circle City,
Yukon River, Alaska; Private John K.
Flynn. T'nited States Military Hospital,
By dircetlon of the Secretary of War
Captain John Murphy of the Fourteenth
T'nited States Infantry will, upon the
expiration of his leave of absence, report
by letter to the commanding 1 g-eneral, De
partment of California, for assignment
to duty at a post in that department or
In the Department of the Columbia.
Corporal Thoburn Moore of Company I,
Seventeenth United States Infantry, Ma
nila, will be discharged from the service
of the United States by the commanding
officer of his station. This soldier is en
titled to transportation to the T'nited
States, thonce travel pay to the place of
enlistment.
Corporal John McDonnell of Troop I,
Fourth United States Cavalry, Manila,
is transferred as a first class private to
the Signal Corps. United States army.
Ho will report to Major Richard E.
Thompson, United States Volunteer Sig
nal Corps, chief signal officer. Division of
the Pacific, for assignment to duty.
The Postofflce at Bath, Plaepr County,
Cal., has been discontinued, lliail should
be addressed to Forest Hill hereafter.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows: California — E. F. Badgely,
San Francisco, manufacturer of pipes;
Charles Bashop, Knoxville, smelting fur
nace; Virgil W. Bumgartner, San Fran
cisco, hydro-carbon gas burner; Kossuth
Gore, Auburn, gate; James C. Holloway,
San Francisco, assignor of three-fourths
to Charles S. Laumelster centrifugal
merry-go-round; Andrew Hunter, San
Francisco, and C. Gustafson, Oakland,
electric actuating mechanism for station
Indicators; John Jorgenson, San . Fran
cisco, railway signal (two patents);
Thomas E. Kavanaugh. Vallejo, reversi
ble gangplow; Walfrid Larson, Kings
burg, tire bolt wrench: Arthur Mullan,
San Francisco (assignor to Black Dia
mond Coal Company), runway for loading
vessels: Americus N. Poe, Calpella. felly
shield; Walter C. Reed, Oakland (assignor
to W. D. White), blockholder for brush
machines; William Wilson, Oakland,
bottle.
Oregon— Thomas A. Evans, Portland,
water pressure regulator.
Washington— James A. Russell, Tacoma,
roasting and smelting furnace; Isaac
Smith. South Bend, pruning implement:
Martin L. Williams, Tacoma, coupling 1 for
chains for bicycles, etc. t
The dancing did not end until a late
hour.
The first business of note of this morn
ing's session of the Grand Parlor after
reading yesterday's minutes was the de
feating of the constitutional amendment
proposed yesterday by Cody. Feather
stone, Kellogg and Hunt, which fixed the
age limit for membership in the order at
21 years. The age of eligibility still re
mains 18.
The resolution presented yesterday and
referred to be voted on to-day to estab
lish a parlor of Native Sons at the Uni
versity of California was defeated.
The following telegram received from
Argonaut Parlor of Oroville was read:
To A. F. Jones, Salinas, Cal. : Extend thanks
to Grand Parlor on behalf of citizens and
Argonaut Parlor. We appreciate tlie great
honor. Will give them welcome in 1900 never
to be forgotten. Great rejolclnp in Oroville.
COMMITTEE.
At the afternoon session, time having
arrived for the taking of action on the
Greany-Cutler resolution regarding the
presentation of medals of honor to return
ing Philippine soldiers, a vote was taken
authorizing the Native Sons of the Golden
West and the Native Daughters of the
Golden West of tho counties of San Fran
cisco and Alameda to act as a committee
SMALLPOX PATIENT
RUNNING AT LARGE
Discovery of an Epidemic Which
Health Authorities of K^aQsas
City, Kaos., Had Concealed.
KANSAS CITY, April 25.— A negro broken out with smallpox ami delir
ious from the disease ran through the streets of Kansas City, ivans., this
evening. His capture by the police revealed the fact that the sickness is
epidemic among the negroes of that city. So far nearly thirty cases of small
pox have been found, twenty of thorn in' one thickly settled block. It ap
pears that the health authorities first made a wrong diagnosis of the dis
ease and lator. when they discovered its nature, attempted to conceal the
facts. To-nitrht a strict quarantine was established in the infected districts,
and it is hoped that the warm weather will help in stamping out the dis
ease.
E. A. Silvey was to-day appointed Post
master at Manzana, Los Angeles County,
Cal., vice Charles F. Edson, resigned.
Original— Aaron Dennis, San Jose, $6;
John Holman. Santa Cruz. $6; John N.
Manlove, Selma, $10. Restoration and in
crease—Thomas L. Reed. Reedley. $2 to $ti.
Increase— John A. McArthur, Glendora.
$6 to $8; James Wesley, Dunn, Auburn, $8
to $12. Mexican War survivors— lncrease
— Asbury F. Noles, Veterans' Home
Napa, $S to $12.
Oregon— Original— Henry A. Cox, Den
mark, $S.
Washington— Original— Ashley W. Hol
land. Spokane, $*. Original widows, etc. —
Ellen M. Thompson, Colfax, $8.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
California: Original— M. E. Gates, Sac
ramento, $6. Increase— Benjamin F. Per
sons, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $ii to
$S; Louis M. T. Rose, Garberville, $fi to $8
Original widow, etc.— Eliza P. Webster,
San Jose, $8.
Oregon: Mexican War survivor, special
April 14 (special act)— James H. Preston,
Gresham, $8.
Washington: Restoration and reissue-
Thomas C. Crandall, Snohomish, $6.
Original widows, etc.— Mary M. Crandall,
Snonomish, $8; Ann J. Elliott, Tacoma, $8.
Reissue— Harriett M. Newell, Centralia
111
to take charge of the matter and provide ]
a suitable reception for California volu
teers on their return to San Franc sco.
A resolution from Santa Cruz delegates
asking that Admission day celebration on
September 9 next be held in their city
was unanimously adopted amid cheers for
the Surf City. • _
A special committee, including James R.
Hawkins, R. W. Clark and Henrj Lvi -
stedt, appointed to examine into ' the leasi
bility of holding a session of the Grand
Parlor in the Yosemite Valley reported
j this afternoon, stating that after con
! sulting with the Yosemite Valley Commis
-1 sioners and with the -ailroad and stage
line companies it found the scheme at
present impracticable.. While the valley
possessed adequate accommodations tor
the entertainment of the Grand Parlor
the transportation facilities were entire
ly Insufficient and the rates much too
high. The committee concluded Its re
port With the declaration that when au
: tomobiles replaced the stages from Ray
! mond into the valley the Grand Parlor
! might go with great ease and little out
lay.
On motion of Grand Secretary Lunstedt
; the following resolution was introduced
and unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the celebration day of the
year 1900 be held in the city of San Francisco,
and, further, that the parlors of the Jurisdic
tion of San Francisco are hereby requested to
appoint a Joint committee upon the occasion of
the first meetings of the parlor In the month
of July, 1899, said Joint committee to meet and
organize on the l'th day of July, 1899.
A letter of felicitation from the Native
Sons of Victoria was received.
The following communication was read:
To the Officers and Members of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden West-
Dear Sirs and Brothers: The undersigned,
representatives of and delegates from Tuolumne I
Parlor No. 144 of Bonora, most respectfully de
sire to communicate to this Grand Parlor now '
assembled that Tuolumne Parlor N*o. 144 will,
at the session of the Grand Parlor to be held
at Orovllle during April, 1900, ask that
Tuolumne Parlor and the citizens of Tuolumne
County be given an opportunity to entertain
the Grand Parlor at its regular session during
April, 1901. Very respectfully submitted.
THOMAS GORMT..EY,
GEORGE KELLY,
Delegates from Tuolumne Parlor No. 144.
Thf contest between James R. Hawkins
of Pacific Parlor and Lewis P. Byington
of Niantic Parlor for the office of grand
orator is hourly waxing warmer and is
the general topic among the delegates.
Most of the delegates are very careful in
expressing themselves as to which they
favor, but some are taking very decided
! stands, ihe country members are openly
; lining up for Byington and will make ;i
i strong fight In his favor. Hawkins has
' equally strong adherents in the persons
. of his fellow-members of Pacific Parlor
' of San FranHsco, hut he has to labor un
der the difficulty of fighting for a place
1 which five members of his own parlor out
i of a list of eight from San Francisco
I have held, and from which they have
: risen to the office of grand president
There is some opposition to Hawkins in
the San Francisco ranks, but on the
whole the fight is in the nature of a lining
; up of the city against the country. When
the question comes to a vote the election
will be warmly contested on both sides
The general indications now are that By-
Ington will come out victorious.
A measure of general importance before
the Grand Parlor is that of raising by
subscription a fund of $1 no. 000 with which
to establish a chair of California history
in the State University. It Is noi arousing
as much enthusiasm among the del
as the project deserves.
To-morrow all the delegates will go to
i Monterey. There will be no session of the
Grand Parlor during the day. but it will
j convene at 7 p. m. The "excursion to
Monterey will leave at 9 a. m. Arriving at
Monterey, the delegates will be the guests
of the Native Sons of that section. The
trip around the famous seventeen mile
drive, luncheon at Bagley's Opera-house
i and other features will be included in the
day's entertainment.
NATIONAL ELECTORAL
BOARD IS ABOLISHED
Feeling Runs High in Peru Over the
Government's Arbitrary
Action.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru, April 25.— Feeling is run
nig high over the alleged illegal action of
the Government in issuing a decree end
ing the existence of the National Elec
toral Board. It is believed that the sen
timent of the people is BOCD that if Senor
Billlnghurst arrived now he would he
supported by a practically unanimous
vote for the Presidency. Senor Rnmnna
and President Pierola's oldest and best
friends unite in condemning the decree.
Strikers Become Riotous.
BUDWEIS, Bohemia, April 25.— The
strike that has been in progress here for
some time culminated to-day in rioting,
and in the collisions between the troops
and the rioters several persona were
wounded.
FALSE TESTIMONY
CONVICTED DREYFUS
Colonel Henry's Word
All Sufficient.
YET NOTHING IS DONE
ESTERHAZY'S WIFE WILL SUE
FOB DIVORCE.
He Has Gone Too Far in Seeking to
Excuse Himself by Making
Accusations Against
Her.
ft
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April According to the
Temps, a member of the Dreyfus court
martial named -Freystetter, in testifying
before the Court of Cassation yesterday,
declared that it was the evidence Riven
by Lieutenant Colonel Henry (who afi-r-,
ward confessed that he had forged a let
ter which was largely instrumental in
preventing a revision of the Dreyfus case,
and then cut his throat in prison) which
decided the court-martial to convict Drey
fus, and that the only document produced
in the presence of the prisoner was the
bordereau.
The Temps adds that another witness,
named Lupine, who was also examined
by the Court of Cassation, dwelt on the
importance of Lieutenant Colonel Henry's
evidence and testified that the inquiries
which the police were instructed to make
at the time resulted in utterly refuting
the stories to the effect that Dreyfus had
squandered money on cards and women.
The Court of Cassation has decided by a
large majority not to confront Colonel
Picquart with General Roget. It has also
been decided to make a further examina
tion of Colonel Paty dii Clam and to in
vestigate the Panizzardi telegram.
Countess Esterhazy, who to-day beg .n
proceedings for a divorce from Comma:, '.
er Comte Ferdinand Walain Esterhaz. ,
said that the publication of her husband =
letters to Jules Roche left her no other
course. She would have forgiven him the
ruin and disgrace he had brought upon
herself and her daughter, but now that
he had published degrading, groundless
details of her bodily infirmities as an ex
cuse for his own dissipation, and had also
linked her name ignominiously with that
of General Giovaninelli. she could no
longer refrain from taking the present
step. _^______—
DEMARTINI ACQUITTED.
Alleged Assailant of a Girl Found
Not Guilty.
SA"N ANDREAS. April 25.— Th? Supe
rior Court of Calaveras County opened
yesterday morning in Judge Gottschalk'a
chambers. The case of the I
B. Demartini was heard. It
up at the last session and res-:
disagreement of the jury. Aftei
the testimony and arguments the ju
tired, returning an hour later yi I
verdict of "Not Guilty." Demartini waa
charged with having attacked a 10-year
old girl named Dutil while she was in
company of her younger brother, walking
through a field owned by the defendant.
This was in August. is r <7.
'^|§|| Interest
Ijpg Interest
THSF to , all
(fyr^f^s Women,
v 'j i i v
*\\4 \\ ****- -/S
THE REMARKABLE INCREASE IN
those diseases peculiar to women has for
the past few years been attracting the especial
attention of medical men. The delicate organ-
Ism of woman, with which her whole system
is in Immediate sympathy, renders her very
susceptible to disease. These delicate disease
wield a modifying influence ovpt the other func-
tions of the system, and for .Uia reason symp-
toms that are entirely remote from the source
of disturbance very often result.
Most chronic diseases of women are slow In
their Inception, Oftentimes disease has beon
progressing for months before the patient i 3
aware of it. Again, women are very often mis-
led on account of the sympathetic disiuroances
and will treat themselves for some affection of
the stomach, or heart, or liver, or kidneys, be-
fore the true nature of the disease is dis-
covered. .?: .
Every woman who Is sick, weak or delicat",
the result of some breaking-down of her deli-
cate organism, fully realizes the importance oi
a remedy that will cure such disorders. Hud-
van is that remedy. It has proven successful
in all of those weaknesses, and ills of women;
it has effected permanent and lasting cures.
It will do so again.
Many women are uselessly subjected to seri-
ous surgical operations that leave them In a
worse condition than ever, and that prove fatal
as often as otherwise.
The result of Hudyan in the treatment of
these delicate diseases la wonderful. It allays
Inflammation, heal ulceration. cures fema!»
weakness and bearing-down pains: it stops dis-
charges and removes the depression of mind
that so often occurs in these cases. No remedy
on earth has met with as much success as
Hudyan In the treatment of these disorders.
DIAGNOSE YOUR OWN CASE.
BUDYAN WILL CURE YOU.
Do you suffer with headaches (Fig. 1), sunken
eyes or hollow cheeks (Fig. 2), palpitation of
the heart (Fig. 3), impaired digestion iFig. 4),
weakness of limbs (Fig. 5). anaemia <paleness\
general weakness, dizzy spells, tendency to
faint, mucous discharge, pain in back, or bear-
ing-down pains. If you do, Hudyan will cure
you. It Is not essential to a correct diagnosis
that you suffer all these symptoms; in fact,
more often only two or thre of them will
be observed. It is sufficient, however, to warn
you that serious disease Is pending, and Hud-
yan will correct the evil.
Hudyan has cured thousands of weak and de-
bilitated women, therefore it is not an experi-
ment. Come to our offices and read the testi-
mony of women who have been cured by
Hudyan.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— SOc a pack-
age or six packages for %2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan. send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., Ban Francisco, Cal.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting
the Hudyan Doctors About Your Case
Free of Charge. Call or Write.
w^LA^v^ WHEN YOU
ApWffW^^s^Bt Require an E-cC-
Ka^^. '_— rfSf TRIC BELT get "Dr.
rrMß^^i^ Piercs's" and you will
1 "i-* T^_ vN not be disappointed.
• ■^H^ Call or »ddr«K PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO.. 6*20
Mirk* tt. (opp. Macs Hots). S. F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. . KINO. WARD A
CD. European plan. Rooms, 800 to $1 50 day;
$6 to $S week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; Ore grates In every
room; elevator runs all r.lcht.
CLEANSING, 7°^
BEAUTIFYING. m%
The grandest combination on 'Wife, £r
earth for cleansing, purifying \Jj^r
and beautifying the skin and
complexion Is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No scientific
truth was ever more wonderful than the results
accomplished by their use in the toilet aa2
bath. Sold everywhere. '•""; *TRERTY OF PARIS
MAY BE AMENDED
Probable Result of the
Peace Congress. /
ARBITRATION PLAN FAVORED
LORD SALISBURY HAS JOINED
IN ITS SUPPORT.
America Declares for the Formation
of a Permanent Tribunal to
Settle Disputes of
Nations.
Facial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW iRK, April 25.— A Washington
special to the Herald says; Because of
Sir Julian Pauncefote's strong effort to
negotiate an arbitration treaty with the
United States his selection by the British
Government is regarded In well informed
circk-s as an Indication of the purpose of
Lord Salisbury In favor of the adaption of
a plan of International arbitration. In [
diplomatic and administration circles it is
generally admitted there is little prospect ,
of an agreement being reached by Euro
pean Governments respect disarma
ment and especial attention v. "■ undoubt
edly be paid by the several Governments |
to the question of international arbitra
tion and the amendment of the treaty of
Under the Instruct! to the American ,
delegates they will favor the adoption of I
a plan of general arbitration which has j
been carefully drawn up by the State
Department and considered by the Presi
dent and his Cabinet. This plan contem
plates the formation of an arbitration I
tribunal permanent in character and I
comprising representatives of several
powers agreeing to its organization.
The agreement will not require the ;
several powers to refer their disputes to
this tribunal, but they will be at liberty
to submit them if any of them deem It
■ _
SIMULTANEOUS PEACE
MEETINGS TO BE HELD
INDIANAPOLIS,, April 25.— As the
American member of the International
I'eace and Arbitration Commission. Mrs.
May Wricht S^wnll is sending out. the
followinp plan for holding simultaneous
peace mretinps throughout the world on
A universal and international demonstration
is- to take place In favor of the alms for -which
•!:•• j..'are conference, which will open on May
IS at • Tbe Hague, has been called together
by the invitation of the Czar. This demon
uratlon will consist In simultaneous meetings
of women, held as much as possible on the
F.inic day (for which the 15th of May has
been rixed) in most of the more Important
towns all over the civilized world. In these
simultaneous meetings the women will pro.
claim their untversal »nd unanimous idea, of
peace and -the promotion of the. principle of
justice 'Instead of force) In th? International
relations of peoples. Besides, they will inter
change addresses of sympathy with nil the
ether women gathered for the same cause and
the same hour In other countries.
Thf^e meetings must he held, — much ' as
po«?ibl<\ in all the towns of each country. Their
organization and execution ought to be cen
tered in one hand, which also would take the
charge of pending ami of receiving: the ad
dresses of sympathy which would be exchanged
between countries and which will h»v« to he
distributed to all places in the country where
u;eetl!isp will be arranged in time so that they
may all be r-^ad aloud during these meetings.
These addresses have to be sent beforehand
until the Sth of May by means of the central
committee of one country to that of all the
other countries, which will probably amount to
fifteen or sixteen, and will have to be foi»
--wardf-d to the different meetings In copies.
Thes.e meetings will indorse short resolutions,
addressed to governments to the peace confer
ence, and the passage of these resolutions has
lr, he (v.raraunicntrt) before May 17 to the fol
lowing address:
. "Vrtidep comlto. Hague."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU
BEEN CURED?
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
("*T*''l pleasure and Horroxr. happiness or un-
liappinesn. success or Failure Health make* a
man equa! to any emergency. Disease maJces
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
O Jr o
£ m i on
a- = j^y > «
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Tears' Experience).
Offices nt 737 .Market -St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
m»nt In th* future, an they have In the pajit,
from the ablest a.nd most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctor* fall because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
th* rlsht treatment.
MO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References- Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men in the city.
In !>e«-k re treatment the following qualifica-
tions rhould be taken Into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
1 • ■ utatl n for |KM
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany. and
nr» necessary for the ucceierfOl and satlsfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY ?e n n« if^
YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or Improperly
treated ra?»F. causing drains, weakness of ths
body and brain, cllzzlneys. falling memory.
lack of errerffy nnil confidence. pains In the
bnrk. loins and kidneys and many other dls-
troi>sln»r symptom?. unfitttnir one for study.
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany 1 *
?r'* r !3l trc?atmf-nt 111 cure you. no matter who
■
WFAkf MEN '" M vigor and vitality re-
tiLni\ lilLni stored to weak men Organs
cf the body which ha\-e been weakened or
shrunken through diseases, overwork, excenses
'* llscret ms are restored to full power,
FtrenKth nnd vigor by his successful system of
t-»r>tm"Tit.
RIIPTIIRF " r " by . '"" n " w method without
lIUI IUIIL of knife or detention from
v.ori---. nnfnli»ii«. gure and permanent cure
VARICOGELE ggra srssais
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON « " l
eaFen of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
PRIVATE EASES , r ;r u , n t c dl - \
which, If neglected or Improperly treated'
br<>nk down the system and cause kidney dls'- ,
,,.. »>tc.. permanently cursd. .
C\ CPTDIPITY Static, Galvanic and Fa-
LLCuinluMii radlc Electricity nclentifi-
cally used and -lied in all Its modern forms
!n conjunction with special medical treatment
1i nil "uses where It can be of benefit.
IiIQITC If you cannot call at his office, fully
ItnllL describing your symptoms and you
will receive ii plain envelope a scientific and
lioneet opinion of your case and a book of
valuable Information free of charge.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
* p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address
I.'. .6 WE AN Y. M. D.,737 Market 6t.,6»a IruuiiM,oil ,
MURDERER MOORE IS
POSITIVELY IDENTIFIED
MARTINEZ, April 25.— Ed H.
Moore, the slayer of Policeman
Kikoy Of Nevada CttjT, is now
on his way to the town in
which he was the author of a
brutal murder a few days ago. Shortly
before 4:.i0 this afternoon Moore was
made to put "n his old clothes and Ret
ready for his trip. Sheriff Getchell
handcuffed the man and also placed a
strap about his body bo that there was
no possibility of his petting away or
doing any one any harm.
As Moore came out of the jail, fol
lowed by his gray-haired old father,
aged 84, the two presented a pitiful
sieht. Moore was very weak and at
every step limped badly. His clothes
were ragged and torn, indicating that
'. he had crawled through lots of brush,
' and his feet were almost on the gmund.
His hands were a mass of slivers and
thorns.
sit riff Getchell will probably try to
fgle his man Into Nevada City in
night, as he fears some violence
he attempted. Sheriff Getchell
accompanied by his Under Sheriff
llbo by Sheriff Veale. The father
ot accompany his son on the jour
ney.
The excitement in town over the ar
rest is groat, and a large crowd fol
a.-.I them into the train, anxious to
cm a glimpse of the man guilty of
shooting down an officer In cold blood.
All day long Moore sat by the stove
in the corridor of the jail, but he had
very little to say to any one. Sheriff
Getchell and Under Sheriff Nihell .if
Nevada City arrived at Port Costa
early this morning and hired a horse
and buggy and drove down to town.
They were taken to the jail and shown
the man arrested.
"Hello, Ed," Paid Getchell to Moore.
The voice was evidently familiar to
Moore, as he rolled over in bed and re
plied: "Hello, Dan."
■How did you come to get down here.
and how long have you been in jail?"
asked Getchell.
Moore replied that he did not know,
and again turned his face to the wall.
Getchell said he was the man wanted,
all right, and that he would take good
care that he did not get away. The
articles that were taken from the pos
session of Moore when arrested were
shown Getchell.
"Is there a gold ring with a hair
setting among them?" asked Nihell.
When it was si own to him he said:
"I am sure that he is the man. I saw
him wearing that ring as long as
twenty years ago."
The gold hunting-case watch, the of
ficers explained, was at 'me time the
property of a woman named Ida Marsh.
This woman lived with Moore in his
cabin for a number of years, and when
she died the watch wa« given to him.
the outside of the case are the
At 10:42 this morning the father of
the murderer arrived and had a talk
with his son! When asked how It all
happened Moore said to his father that
there had been a row in a saloon, and
when they went OUt on the sidewalk
Kllroy followed him out and struck
WALCOTT WINS
IN ONE ROUND
! Easily Knocks Out Dan
Creedon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NpW YORK, April Nearly six
thousand sports assembled at the Lenox
Athletic Club to-night in the hope of Bee
■ ing a rattling bout between Joe "Walcott,
. the negro boxer, and Dan Creedon, the
Australian. They were matched to pi
! twenty rounds at catch weights, but al-
I though Creedon weighed fully twenty
pounds more than his opponent, the ne-
I gro made short work of him. With a left
and two right smashes on the jaw, Wal
cott floored Creedon thrice. The third
time the Australian wer- down he was
i "dead to the world," and Walcott was
i declared the winner amid the cheers of
his backers, who won a pot of money on
i the result.
The bout lasted only a minute ana la
teen seconds, and as the opening mill
was ended with a knockout also In the
I first round, the club patrons had the very
unusual experience of seeing two pairs of.
big boxers settling their arguments in
I about three minutes of actual fighting.
In the opening bout Max linger, an
' Americanized German, and Carl Beck of
Germany, who are both noted as "strong
men," were the contestants. Each is in
: the 'heavyweight class and neither had
ever taken part in a public sparring con
i te Both lead for the head and Beck land
ed a stiff left. This was the only blow
he struck, as linger rushed at him and
floored him with a right on the. chest.
Beck sprang to his feet instantly, only
to go down again before another right.
He stayed down three seconds and then
sprinted 'but Unger. who was hot on his
tra swung right to the jaw. Beck
feU in a heap and it looked as if he were
out; but he got up with surprlslngjalac^
t!ln y e a f i*MK XnFVirt' 85
■ H "'s Sw and the toreWr went
down and helpless condition and to not
corner in a helpless condition and did not
realile that he had been, whipped until
fully five minutes after Linger had been
declared the winner. Time of round, one
minute and forty-seven seconds
Dan Creedon entered the ring at 9:io
o'clock appearing to be In good condi
tion Tie owned .up to weighing 1M)
pounds Joe Walcott arrived at the ring-
Bide a few minutes later. He weighed 142
pounds. Creedon opened the favorite at
10 to S. but these odds soon dwindled to
even money, which price prevailed before
' the men began to box. •
In the opening round they exchanged a
few bod y blows, and Walcott tried a
rleht swing for the head, but missed. Joe
'swung his left on the wind and Cree
don sent a hard left to the kidneys.- Af
ter some swift exchanges Walcott swung
his " eft to Creedon's Jaw and ( ree
don went down. He stayed down the
! limit and got up dazed. He tried to spar,
but Walcott went at him and sent him
I down with a short right hook on the Jaw,
' Dan looked all but out when he got up
finding hi" man with , a hard right
wmash on the point of the jaw, and Cree
idmf fell flat on his back' to the floor The
I final blow was an awful one and Cree
d n whs so helpless when it landed that
!he was out before he realized what . had
h Creedon was helped to his corner by his
seconds He came to in a couple of min
utes and was able to walk to his dress
i ing-room without being aided. Time of
■ round 1 minute 15 seconds.
Alaskan Mail Contracts Let.
WASHINGTON. April 25.— Richard
f'hilfott of K^attlo, Wash., to-day was
awarded the contract for the mall serv
ice to be performed on the new all-Amer
lcan overland route from Valedes, on
Prince William Sound, through the In
terior to Circle City, on the Yukon, a dis
tance of 693 miles. There la to be one
round trip a month. The North Ameri
can Transporting and Trading Company
of. Chicago has been awarded the con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
him in the face, knocking him down.
After this occurred he claimed that ho
•lid nol !-• m< mber anything.
In answer to the question of his
father as to how he came to get down
this way Moore Baid he could not re
member. This seems queer in view of
the fact that when Tom Davenport, a
printer and a former schoolmate of
Moore, was talking to him he re
trart nn thf mall mute from St. Mirh
nr\ to Kotzebue Sound, and doiovan
Bay.
PAIR OF HOME RUNS
SCORED BY WAGNER
CLUBS. W. L. Pet i CLUBS. W. L. Pet
St. Louis ....7 i) .1000 Chicago 6 '■■ -~-\-
Philadelphia 7 3 .700 ♦ Cincinnati ... 4 4 .500
Boston 6 3 .666 I New York.... 3 6 .333
Louisville ... 5 3 .e2s. Washington . 2 8 .200
Baltimore ... 5 4 .565 1 Flushing- ... 1 5 1.66
Brooklyn 5 i .55.*>! eland ... 1 5 .166
LOUISVILLE, April 25.— Hans Wagner
won the game for the Colonels to-day. In
j the fourth inning Hans knocked the ball
over the left field fence, tieing the score,,
and in the ninth he drove the ball over
the same fence and scored the winning
run. Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 2 R 2
PlttFbun? 1 10 1
Batteries— Dowllng and Powers: Tannehlll
and Bowerman. ' Umpires— O 1 Day and Brennan.
PHILADELPHIA, April 25.— Boston
' played a ragged game, which, coupled
, with the slugging of the Phillies, ac
counts for the champions' defeat. With
one out and three men on bases in the
: ninth the visitors had a chance to at least
tie the score, but failed. Attendance 5485.
! Score:
i Clubs— . R. H. E.
Boston S 16 . B
! Philadelphia 10 13 0
Batteries— Nichols and Teaser: Donahue and
I Douglas. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
ST. LOUIS. April 25.— 1t took eleven full
innings to decide to-day's game between
Chicago and St. Louis in favor of the lat
ter. St. lyoiiis scored once in the first and
Chicago in the fifth, and until the eleventh
inning not another run was made. Chi
cago added one run In the last. In St.
' Louis' half of this inning, with two men
i on bases, Criger knocked a fly to right
field. This, with a wild throw home by
Green, brought in the winning runs. At
tendance 2000. Score:
Clubs— R- • H. E.
St. Loui3 3 9 1
Chicago 2 8 2
Batteries— Powell and <"rIKPr; Griffith and
Donohue. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
WASHINGTON, April 25.— The Senators
won from New York to-day in a very
ragged game, both teams fielding poorly,
but luck being with the home team. Di
neen pitched four innings and Baker then
went in and did slightly better work.
Coakley had poor control and assisted in
making errors. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
i Washington 9 10 .2
New York 8 10 6
Batteries— Dineen, Baker and McOulre; Coak
. ley and Grady. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
NEW YORK. April 25.— The Brooklyns
' celebrated their return home to-day by
; shutting out the Baltimores. There was a
i keen rivalry manifested between the two
teams, which was taken up by the crowd.
Dunn had the Baltimores at his mercy
throughout. Casey joined the home team
' and made a good impression. Four double
plays by the visitors were the fielding
features. Attendance 4200. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Baltimore ° ' «
Brooklyn  ■■■■ .- 6. 10 -0
Batteries— Kltson and. Robinson; ' Dunn and
Smith. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
CINCINNATI. April 'Cleveland-Cincin
nati no gnme, wet grounds. ' .
SAYS HIS MOTHER
IS A MURDERESS
PAXA. 111. . April 25.— Henry Brunot,
who Is confined In the Taylorvillo jail for
the murder of his aunt, Jano Brunot. oil
April 10, made a serond confession to-day
Implicating his mother, Anna Brunot, in
thf crime. A warrant has been sworn
out for Mrs. Brunofa arrest. Sue to
night denied her complicity.
Brunot also admitted In his confession
havinK bought arsenic for his mother
only a few flay? before his father died.
BOrne three years ago, forging his father's
name to the order for the drug. He said
hla mother told him that slie used the
poison to kill rats. Two days after giv
ing his mother the drug, Brunot says. his
father collapsed at the dinner table and
his death followed in a few moments.
His mother received 13000 Insurance on
his life two weeks later.
Brunot said further that he was in St.
Louis the night of January 26 last, when
Widow Mary Mclntyre was murdered in
her home in Flatham mining district of
Pana, but the authorities have a witness
who declares he rode on the train from
Dunkle Station to Pana with Brunot on
the night of the murder.
membered things that happened twen
ty years ago to the minutest details.
Moore claims that Fred Klselmann
saw part of the light and also thai
Bod Gates w»s an eyerwitheta to the
tragedy. Moore Is .'« general hard
character and has been arrested at
Nevada <*ity many times.
A bit Of information that has not
come to light before, is the faot that
in the search of Moore's cabin the con
stable found ;i plaster of p'arffl moid
for a cent piece. It may be possible
that in his seclusion in the woods
Moore was in the counterfeiting busi
i
Sheriff Getchell swore when the mur
der was committed that he would not
shave until Moore \v ; is captured. Ho
kept: his word, and while in town had
his face cleaned. From the little that
Moore has talked it is evident that his
line of defense will be insanity.
MOB OF NEGROES
INVADES A JAIL
Man of Their Own Race
Is Slain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, April 25.— A special
to the Star from Galena, Kans., says:
Charles William, alias Jones (colored),
was shot to death at 3:30 o'clock this
morning in the city jail by a mob of
negroes. William killed L.aura < "ana
fax, a negress, yesterday.
The mob, composed of about twenty
-1 ' five masked negroes, went to the jail,
I and four men gained an entrance by
; breaking the door in. The first man
had an ax, the second a rope and the
\ third carried a pistol. Williams was
; locked in his cell, but they lost no time
breaking the lock and ordered him to
come out. This he refused to do,
claiming he was innocent of the charge.
Then he grabbed a couple of bricks and
asked them to give him a fair show.
At this the man who. carried the re
volver began shooting through the bars
at Williams. Four shots took effect,
killing the murderer instantly. The
work of the mob was systematically
and coolly done. They came quietly,
did their work and dispersed without
any demonstration.
.The Coroner's inquest to-day held
: that Wiliams came to his death from
} the effects of pistol shots from an un
; known person. No arrests have been
made.
CHECK OUTRAGES BY
EDUCATING NEGROES
PHILADELPHIA, April 25.— Booker
T. Washington, founder and principal
of tho Tuskegee Normal and Industrial
Institute in Alabama, who arrived here
to-day, was questioned regarding the
Georgia lynchings. He s;iid:
"I would like to speak at length
upon these Georgia occurrences and
Others <>t a like nature which have
taken place in recent years, but in
view of my position and hopes in the
interest <>f the Tuskecgec Institute and
the education of our people, I feel con
strained to keep silent and not engage
in any controversy that might react
upon the work to which 1 am now
lending my efforts. I think I can be
of more service t>> the race by giving
my time and strength in helping to lay
the foundation for an education which
will be a permanent cure for such out
rages.
"I do not mind adding," said the
speaker, "that I am opposed t<> mob
violence under all circumstances. Those
guilty of crime should be surely, swift
ly and terribly punished, but by legal
methods. As a rule the men guilty of i
these outrages are ignorant individuals
who have had no opportunity to obtain
an education and moral restraint.
"The solution of our present difficul
ties is to be found in the thorough
mental, religious and industrial educa
tion of both races in the South. It is
an encouraging fact to note that of the
hundreds of colored men who have been
educated in the higher institutions of
the South, not one has been guiity of
the crime of assaulting a woman."
SERIES CF TEMBLORS.
FORT , BRAGG, April Two violent
earthquake shocks were felt here last
night. The first occurred at 10:10 o'clock
and the other, ten minutes later. They
were about three seconds duration each.
A heavy rumbling sound preceded each
shock. Two light shocks have occurred
dally during the past week, between 5 and
6 a. m.' The vibrations are generally from
southwest to northeast. . •; ;.'..;
SALINAS VALLEY
GETS A WETTING
Timely Rainfall in Mon
terey County.
CROPS NEEDED MOISTURE
PLENTY OF FEED FOR STOCK
? NOW ASSURED.
Throughout the State a Downpour
Makes Brighter the Out
m look for Heavy
Yields. •
SALINAS, April 25.— The whole of Mon
terey County and particularly the Salinas
Valley has been treated to a thorough
soaking, and. that, too, at a time when It
was most essential to the assurance of !
good crops. The last storm over a month ;
ago which was so heavy in this immedi
ate section did not reach the southern
portions of the county, arid as a result
the ground, which was just beginning to
show the growth of grain, was sadly In |
need of moisture. In the last few weeks
hot winds prevailed in that section and
land which was not under irrigation was
being parched. Even the feed was al
| most ruined. This storm, which has been
! heavier in the south than here, will in
| sure good feed in the valley, while up
i in the foothills crops will be the best in
several years, i
In this section the rain was needed only I
to head the grain. The downpour did :
some damage in beating down nigh bar- >
ley. The Spreckels Company, which puts 1
in many thousand's of acres of land to j
beets and has had to irrigate them ex- j
tensively, undoubtedly will with the. pre- j
I cipitation of this storm be enabled to stop j
| its irrigating plants near this city and at
King City.
The precipitation for the storm thus
far in the several localities is: .Salinas,
.80; Chualar, .82; San Lucas, .78; Brad
ley, .60; King City, 1.02; Gonzales, .63;
Monterey, 1 inch; Castroville, 1.10; Pa
jaro, 1.16.
GERMANTOWN, April 25.— The season
in Glenn County lias been a perfect one
for crops. During the present storm .35
of an inch of rain has fallen, making a
total for the season of 11.31 Inches,
! against 5.98 Inches to the same date last
season. The storm continues.
WOODLAND, April 25.— The weather
continues showery, but the precipitation
has so far been very light. There was
quite a hail storm about noon to-day.
I Fruit-growers do not bebeve- any injury
I has been inflicted upon the fruit crop.
| Public Administrator Dealing says the
apricot and early prune crops will be
short in Capay Valley. There will not
' be more than a third of a crop of apri
! cots and about half the usual yield of
1 prunes. The shortage in these varieties
may be attributed to two causes. The
warm weather in January, followed by
the cold snap, caused many blooms to
drop. The second and principal cause
was the dry weather in 1898. The peach
crop will be very fine.
• LOS OLIVOS, April Light shower-;
since Sunday night settled into a soaking
rain to-day, with every indication of con
tinuing through the night. Without this
storm there would have been no grain
worth mentioning In Santa Yncz Valley.
The ground bad completely dried out.
Good crops are how a certainty. ,
HOLLI3TER, April 25. Rain has been
falling Jill day. It registers .65 of .in inch
for the past twenty-four hours. The rain
is timely, and will result in a third in
crease in crops of all. kinds.
BAKERSFIELD, April 25.— The storm
reached here this afternoon and a re
freshing shower fell. It is quite cool now.
Some snow fell in the mountains.
COLUSA, April 25.— 1t commenced rain
ing on Monday morning, continuing at
intervals up to this morning. Many acres
of wheat had nearly begun to curl, but
these light showers have saved it. On
the plains grain is in splendid condition.
Land that has not been considered worth
the taxes is now covered by fine wheat.
The Grand Island country will have an
immense yield. The indications are tnat
Colusa County will have as large a cron
as in 1880. It is estimated that it will
require 2,500,000 sacks for this county
alone. , The rainfall for the season to
date is 10.S0 inches.
SANTA .MARIA, April From one
half to an inch of rain fell- in different
parts of this valley. The weather still
is threatening. The rain is of immense
benefit to growing crops. The first sugar
beet crop ever planted here will be har
vested this year. . .
SONOMA,. April 25.— rain which
commenced falling in this valley on Sun
day continued at Intervals up to noon to
day. The precipitation insures a big
yield of cereals and an abundance of pas
turage for stock. '
MONTEREY, April 25.— Fields and or
chards of this section had begun to feel
the serious effects of six weeks of .dry
: weather, intensified by high Winds, but
the late copious downfall of rain places
fruit and grain crops. beyond the possi
bility of a failure. The precipitation here
was one-half an inch; In Carmel alley,
over two inches for the last twenty-four
h< SACRAMENTO. April Rain began
falling here at 10:30 to-day. While it will
delay strawberry harvesting somewhat,
it will be beneficial to other crops, which
were in need of moisture. The rain was
accompanied by a light fall of hail.
MARTINEZ. April 25.— Rain com
menced falling here this morning and is
still coming down. The crop will be the
largest one in years. Pasturage is first
class.
COLONEL FINIGAN
IS OUT AGAIN
Judge Angellotti Grants Him a Dis
charge From Further Insol
vency Proceedings.
SAN* RAFAEL, April 25.— Colonel Peter
A. Finigan. celebrated in the public print
as "the millionaire pauper of the Hotol
Rafael." strode from Judge Angellotti's
presence this morning with a look of re
lief on his face. The memory of tne sevpn
weeks he once spent in a cell at tho Coun
ty Jail will now seem like a disagreeable
dream for the colonel has flnnfu- been
discharged from Insolvency proceedings.
Insolvency proceedings in the casa of
Finigan have been pending for nearly two
years. His wife, Emily B. Finigan,
brought suit for divorce and was awarded
Hlimnnv by Judge Angellotti pending the
decision of the court, but Finigan said he
had no money to pay, and aa his Honor
differed with 'him in opinion on the fuh
iect he went to Jail. He then applied to
the court to be adjudged an Insolvent
debtor and when this was a thing of the
past secured his liberty on the groun-1
that lie was an Insolvent.
A few months ago Finigan applied for
a discharge from Insolvency r>roc vcilmus,
but an opposition* was nTd by Mrs. Fini
ean and Attorney M. F. Cochrane as tho
assignee of his creditors. The matter was
to have come up for a hearing to-day,
but as only Finigan and his attorney r.p
pi ared he was given the coveted d's
charge.
TRUMAN GETS A WRIT
OF HABEAS CORPUS
LOS ANGELES. April 25.— 0n petition
of I. J. Truman a writ of habeas corpus
was ordered to-day to issue from the
Supreme Court, returnable at San Fran
cisco on May 2. The petitioner shows that
he is imprisoned by order of Judge Car
roll Cook on account of his failure as
Treasurer <>f Snn Francisco to pay $117
fur services alleged to have been per
formed by Joseph P. Stevens as official
reporter in the Superior Court of that
county. Being adjudged guilty of enn
t.mpfof court, he was lined $5 and com
mitted to the custody of the Sheriff un
til the fine Bhotild be paid.
It is alleged the order made by Judge
Cook is invalid on its face, in that it
does not show that Stevens was tem
porarily appointed to take and transcribe
testimony in a criminal case for which
service the credit was made. It is as
serted that the proper proceeding to bring
the matter before the court is by manda
mus and not by -citation for contempt.
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
'■'.',■'■ ' 4
Ladies' rair E|if|A|V|Hlß;i Dainty
Hairdressing ■ T [IrlrVlCll !19l 1
„. . • Ooldenßule Bazaar. *i . n,e n j orn 4. <r
{Manicuring CAiIFORNM . SJ^ RceSr^ yERiC , 5 ctMt ,. DiSTSW Moderate *
25c. Prices. t>
Best French Mixed Candy 25c per ib for to- %
day only. All of the Choice Varieties packed to %
order. Limit, 5 lbs to a single customer. ♦
—————————
Special Wednesday Only. Special Wednesday Only — These <*
Stylish ■ .^l v f o 0 Good House" Four b « *■*■ *
Middy Suits. bbyo y9 vr 3 io%\ Furnishings. SSedfortS I
years old— h and- days 8ellin & with these specials at 3c. ♦
. , , . f . y^ 7c, 19c and 33c. Quantities not Izroc — ♦
some lackets, with ~f. — 7—\ j- c >s -. ..-, °
•' ' , <V^> ' S I f TOm '° to so of each article.
jaunty sailor col- su „ 4 | ■#
lan, prettily trim- %-J 1™ c Tin J Cups ) . Today *
med-stylish vests ><S^\ }? Child 8 Mugs- v"v ' 'W
med-styhsh vests ■ /Vv\\,LA ■ lOc Whisk Broom Holders.. \ ♦
of pleasing con- y^^S^ %/\ ! 10c Boxes Silver Polish I lsff% ♦
trasting colors, and / ' /•^^/^J 10c Fancy Cookie Cutters.. ' <&** *
trousers trimmed // •](] 15c Stove Brushes 5
*. , ... .  i J / • loc Stove Brushes » V
with either . braid V-. •/ \ 25c Chopping Knives 1 , *
and buckle or but- Y^-Chr^ Automatic Egg Beaters.. J 1 O-Ciap J
tons at knee — posi- \ I I 20c Bread Knive5......... / J
tively all w001— 125 'j, jA 20c 8-qt Mi, k Pans. ; V
suits in this lot, of 'jj; //|\ I 20c Lemonade Straws.... / 41
various colors and. 'W^ry n :w/ . ,„ p 3ek^e). \ i 7G *
designs— regularly . : \ ; ' „.'.■*-._ y . _ * **^ ♦
$4 and $4.50 On U U 20c Nickel Towel Racks.. / J
Wednesday only our W TV i 2oc Candlesticks
price will be [U L - z> 25c Wood Buckets "\ J
$2*95 vJ I 25c Pie Plates (Enameled). To-day 1$
• . : ~~ ' i 35c Scalloped Russia Iron
Special Wednesday Only. Cake Pans > «
irQ - . * ~m CrinicUA 1 50 c Bottle Corkers, hardw'd "2€h/nk ♦
Crmkled Seersuckers ! 45c Fiber Wash Basins f *#C i
Seersuckers, have the ■ 35cCrumbTra >' s & Brushes >' %
advantage of requiring neither starching j 75 C Cake Griddles \
nor ironing. They are a very useful and i $1 Nickel Plate Soup To-d-dV ♦
dainty summer fabric. We keep but the. Kettles Z-. <
best quality, a regular 10c per yard line, | $1 Porcelain Rolling Pin 3 , ' ♦
in the new colorings— heliotropes, pinks, , $1 German Coffee Roast- ■ *%€%+*. *
blues, greens, etc.— and to-day's price I ers «3>o>o *
will be...: 60 I 85c Iron Kettles / *
J ♦
——————
Special, Wednesday Only. ■$
Decorated Denni- Special Wednesday Only. J
Crepe Paper. S' 8 SKI : £? .rf/es' „]?££?»• *
rated Crepe : Paper, in very newest and ,; &ii U§9BrS. One-strap Sandals, *
most attractive designs, including flow- ! new coin ■ "#
ers and conventional patterns, suitable : toes, imi- • V If
for lamp shades, decorating, etc., regu- ' tation / _^--^\ "*
larly 30c per roll-to-day 23c tips, H?r^-H^fWv *
— ■ — turned I ■■, '.. v^ >t^_ %
Special Wednesday Only. I sewed \*#T-<Cr r^' < ~IP *
« /.rv j soles, \ —-I • — 3*B=**°^ 4y
Socks and M 6 ,° d zen j made : 1
C(fCHfltfirliai*C .Men D , )ne specially for comfort at home, all sizes, ♦
SUSpenaerS. Gauge Black B ;, d regularly at $1.50 pair-to-day 73© *
Cotton Hose, lisle finish, would be splen- * ♦
did value at 15c pair — to-day 3 pairs ~ *
f °^o^n ' Men^slrong Hana^mfs^ This Week '} Great Specials in %
pendeTS, mohair or leather ends, new ' GrOCerieS~~^' Q ' guarantee *
webs with attractive metal mountings, - «*,«■-»--*». every article ?!
■ good value at 35c pair— to-day 18c LMUUOrS that we sell— 2
_ — I you take no risk when buying food sup- *j
Special Wednesday Only. !P lie 9 here - for >' our money is refunded if *
' , you are not satisfied. <<
i LadieS' „ Lad ' ea , * m P° *}.*? ," The best Eastern Sugar-Cured Baa on *
• HoCP £. erm^ v.- a 1 r1 ! -regularly 15c Ib, all this week special ♦
nOSe. Thread Hose, high spliced ! at:..?. 12c ♦
; heel, double sole and toe, sold ordinarily ' Good quality Santa" C!ara"p#.tfnes, *
,as a bargain for 2oc pair— our price to- reßU i ar i v 6c lb, 8 lbs for 2 5& t
da - v —•' • ISO Highland Sugar Corn, the best quality £,
.-,.,.., J - _ , i Western Corn 2 CnnsfOß*lsc «
Special Wednesday Only. Sand Soap, regularly 4c, this week 8 *
Ms*tCfis»ls& fni* Excellent ' bars for .". 25c *
in*M*cr-l*a*9 IV* quality Imported Macaroni, Vermicelli and *
COUCh COVerS. Deninette, ! Spaghetti— there is none better— this *
36 inches wide, in good patterns for cur- ! week Mb packages : tic *
tains, couch covers, cushions, etc., regu- , D - &G. Imported Sardine?, very fine J
larly 12>^c yard— to-day 8c \* 3 - regularly 13c tin, this week tOe Z
________^ Home-made Jams and Jellies, glasses,
Special Wednesday Only. ". re ? T ularl y 10 , c. this week 3 for 250 I
Special wcaneuiav kjiuv. . Home-made Jams and Jellies, gla E s *
Rt*adM-Made Bleached j jars, regularly 15c, this week 2 for 25g *
D Tciinin^e Sheets for Bulldog Imported Stout, regularly $2 *
UeU &nBCWS. double beds, j dozen, special this week., ....sl*7s *
made from a good- wearing round thread } Champion Bourbon, full quirts, ?J
undressed sheeting, size 81x90 inches, j regularly $1, special this we .BOc !S
ready for use — on sale all this day only, j Five full-quart bottles Port or Sherry «
each". 380 for.. $1,00 ♦
DRIVEN OUT BY
RISING WATERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Neb., April 25.— The rise of the
Missouri River at this point has resulted
In driving 600 people from their homes
and the nearly total submergence of bot
tom-land territory six miles long and two
miles wide. The water continues to rise
slowly. The conditions to-night summed
up briefly are as follows:
Eighteen inches rise of water on the
bottoms: the Missouri River flowing di
rectly through Florence Lake to Cutoff
Lake and the bottoms; water within four
inches of flowing over Locust street at
Twelfth; Eleventh street, opposite Bur
dett, half broken away and water pour
ing over in a torrent till stopped partially
by desperate attempts at embankments.
Water is in the icehouse of Swift & Co.
and the South Omaha Company and is
doing much damage. All the manufactur
ing plants on the- bottoms are flooded and
the Union Pacific and Terminal Com
pany's tracks cannot be used.
All night a force 'jf men armed with
Winchesters patrolled the dyke on the
north side of East Locust street to pre
vent cutting. This would relieve the
pressure above, but would Jet a torrent
through and destroy tnousands of dollars
of railroad property and throw the river
over into its old channel. The water is
now within about four inches of the top
of this dyke and the pressure is tremen
dous.
Every building on rhe bottoms is flood
ed, the water being naif way up to the
eaves of many houses. The river is fall
ing above Omaha and it is hoped the
worst will be over by to-morrow.
CATHOLICS BURNED
IN A PUBLIC BONFIRE
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 25.— Oriental
advices per Empress of India are that the j
.Europeans in Hongkong are delighted at
Germany's promptitude in taking meas- i
ures to inflict punishment for attacks |
upon German subjects at Ichoufu, in
Southern Shan Tung. An Ichoufu corre- j
spondent says:'
"To the southwest, twenty miles from
us, there have been a number of riots, :
but no one has been punished as yet. A !
Catholic priest, who is just. in from that j
vicinity, says his life has been, saved I
only through the fleetness of his horse.
"Three Catholics have been killed in I
Feihien, about forty miles to the west
of us. Six of them have been killed at i
Shenshan, of whom two were burned to ;
death in a big public bonfire. This is a i
different affair from the one in which a
child was burned, and two had their eyes
put out by a fieldish mob.
DROWNS HIMSELF
IN THE WISHKASH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 25.— Richard Zlegler of
San Jose committed suicide by drowning
himself near Aberdeen on Sunday night
under peculiar circumstances. Ziegler
came to Aberdeen last week to visit his
brother, whom he had not seen tor many
years,. On Sunday his brother invited a
number (if friends to his home to meet the
California*!. They speni the afternoon
and evening discussing topics of general
Interest. I«iter in the evening Richard
Ziegier .got np and left the crowd. H.^
was in the best (if health and spirits and
it was supposed he had gone out to get
a breath of fresh air. He did not return.
and in a half-hour his brother Became
alarmed and instituted search for him.
It was feared he hud fallen into the Wish
kash River and been drowned. Arrange
ments were made to drag the river, but
as it was too dark to accomplish much
that night this was postponed until Mon
day morning.
The drawing- of the riser wns in
progress when Ziegler's bods was discov
ered at the boom on the banks af the
river near Wilson Brothers' sawmill. It
was then low tide, enabling tne Bearcbers
to make a thorough search among the
logs. Had the bodj noi been found be
fore the tide came In again it is consid
ered likely all trace of him would have
been lost, as the lops were being moved
out of the boom that day. Ziegler's hat
"«v;is found on the bank a short distance
above his body.
Everything indicate? that he had delib
erately walked to the log boom and
jumped in with suicidal intent. No reason
is known for such action and it is be
lieved he must have been temporarily de
mented.
Ziegler was 53 years old and unmarried.
He had lived at San Jose for years.
Russia Gets a New Port.
BOMBAY. April 25.— The Times of In
dia says it learns from an unimpear hable
source "that Russia has secured an inter
est in a port of the Persian Gulf sufficient
to (jive her the right to take possession
of it whenever she chooses." Ft is add^d
that this Information comes direct from
Teheran, and it Is believed the port re
ferred to is Bunder-Abbfssee.
Sacramento's Queen of May.
SACRAMENTO. April 25.— The ballot
ins for fjiieen of the Dewey day fete and
flower carnival on May 1 closed to-night
after a very spirited contest. Miss Lottie
Petrie won with a vote of 7921. The next
two were Alma Heitman with 6402 and
Norine Hems with 1482.
■ m ■
A writer says .speech was given man to
conceal his thoughts. It was a needless
precaution in many case*.
56
WEDNESDAY ; ..APRIL 26, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LcAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main Hit.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187-1.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Sir.c> Copies, 5 rents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Po?tac«:
Daily CALL. (Including Sunday Call), on year $e.o(>
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months I.CO,
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «>so
FUNDAY CALL One Year : 1 - r>o
WEEKLY CALL, One Year "• 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE .908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Rcpre«entativo.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel j
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
f:5<J c'cloc'<. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 613 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
194; Mission street, open. until 10 o'clock 2291 Market :
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 c clock- £518 :
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh!
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:20 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kcntuclu/ * treats, open until 9 o'clock* j
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Wrong Mr. Wright."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House— El Cap'tan."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Captain ■. r.t."
Tivoli— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zco and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate I'anorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
Battle of Manila Bay.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Tictures.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Saver, Thursday Evening, April 27.
Alhambra Theater— lntercollegiate Concert, Saturday Night,
April 29.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Campers' Excursion— To Santa Cruz Mountains, Sunday,
April 30.
Sutro Bnths— Grand opening - ■*-■-. April 30.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. I.ouderback— This day, at 10:30 a. m. and 2:30
p. m.. Choice Turkish Hugs, at 12i Geary street.
I>avis. Lielau i- Co.— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at
1756 Golden Gate avenue.
COMPETITION IN LIGHTING.
Si of Supervisors is concerned,
duty to the public in grant
.Mmu.il Electric Light Company per
•!c the fire limits. But
this . t by any means solve the lighting
1 1 the Mutual Company
to construct a distributing
lire limit-, and an underground
idy operating in part, inside
i down all around. That
mpeting corporation goes ahead
in pood faith with the monopoly con
umers will derive benefit throughout the city.
But ' . not been the custom of com
to persist in bringing
■ a business level. As soon as they have
bly entering the preserve of the
monopoly concern they have consolidated with that
It is not necessary to recount the history of these
Every person familiar with the il
lumii blem in San Francisco can recall at
n. However, one great point has been
The Supervisors have broken down the long
I rule that competition in electric lighting
be prevented by refusing permission to compet
to erect poles. This has been effected
|y by Jud( ll's decision declaring that it
I to stifle competition in that way.
Now that poles are to be permitted outside of the fire
I an underground system is to be enforced
limits, any company or person may
and inaugurate competition in supply
illumination to our people. This is a trcmen
the water out of the San
■ . : npany and reducing
to a business basis.
The Equitable <ias Company is now furnishing il
lumi • $i per thousand cubic
[utual Klectric Light Company is sup
i 20 to 30 per cent less than
ing charged by the old concern. When the Inde
tric Lighting Company begins business
further reductions will undoubtedly follow.
Thus the light appears to be breaking in all direc
tor hind almost every other
American city in the use of electricity, consequent
• the maintenance by numerous Boards of Su
pcryi I) by a single corporation. It
ng commentary on the situation to say
that the lines of constriction have been broken, not
by regulation under State laws, but by a fierce com
petitive fight.
BRIGADIER GENERAL SMITH-
ALL Californians will feel something of gratifi
cation in the promotion of Colonel Smith of
the First California to the rank of brigadier
general. The California men in the Philippines have
had much of the severesi work of the campaign to do,
and have distinguished themselves for steadiness of
discipline as well as for daring valor on the field of
battle. The promotion of General Smith is of course
a recognition of the service of his gallant regiment,
and to that extent is an honor for the State.
The elevation of the former colonel to the rank of
brigade commander makes room, of course, for the.
advancement of other California officers in the First
Regiment, so that a considerable number of our fel
low citizens at the front will come home with higher
rank than when they went away.
As the«e promotions constitute one of the very few
pleasing features of this dreary war with savages in a
far- off land, they will be received with the more grati
!i. Whatever may be the differences of opinion
i-onoerning the war itself, there will be none to feel
other than a just pride in every evidence given of the
military efficiency and patriotic valor of our boys at
the front.
The Legislature of Massachusetts intends to revoke
an edict under which Roger Williams was banished
from the Massachusetts colony in 1635. It cannot be
possible that the legislators of the New England State
think that Roger wants to come back.
The (';.-: .trhes announce that Li Hung Chang is
going to get his yellow jacket back. After the hot
time he had with the jacket before, it is not altogether
certain that Chang wants it back.
It is said that Captain Coghlan of the Raleigh talks
a> he fights. He must be a red-hot fighter*.
PHILIPPINE COMPETITION.
""TpHE Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
THE taken alarm about Producers' competition
has taken alarm about Philippine competition
* with home industry.
• ; Some American mercantile adventurers in the
it-lands have addressed a large number of Chambers
of Commerce and other commercial bodies in this
country asking their assistance to secure abolition of
tariff on Philippine imports to this country.
This is the appearance of the head of the procession
of difficulties and complications which will draw its
length along many years, as -one of the collateral
curses let loose upon us by the. imperial policy.
The use of cheap and servile labor in the islands and
the admission of its products to compete with white
and free labor in 'the United States means
but one ' thing, and that is the . retirement of
white labor from the competition altogether, or
its decline and degradation to the level of
the servile laborer. The proposition is to garrison ;
and govern these islands at the expense of the Ameri- I
can laborer, and to hold their people down by armed
force while they are exploited and their labor brought
into competition with that which pays for holding '
them in involuntary servitude.
The wants of tropical people are few and are not
capable of increase. Nature imposes no necessities
upon them. Her bounty is ..sufficient for their suste- ;
nance. Our exports to the Philippines will be prin- !
cipally liquors, and not necessaries of life. If cheap
labor can be forced there and its products admitted to
competition here the effects will fall harmfully where ;
they can least be borne.
The farmers of this country seek anxiously for
profitable diversion of their, crops. They have found
it in the production of sugar and tobacco. These ar
ticles differ from other farm crops by "affording exten
sive and well paid employment to labor in their trans
mutation for the market. '
In. other ways and. other articles ruinous com
petition will -appear. But suppose we do not break
down the tariff and admit Philippine products, but
we go to all the heavy public expense necessary • to
force labor there in a production that will go into the
markets of the world, what benefit will come to the
American taxpayer who pays the cost? While he
will not be struck at home by " competition that
drives him out of the field, he will soon discover
that he is being. taxed to support a competitor who
meets and undersells him in the markets of the
world!
Whether the door be open or closed in the Philip
pines, the American taxpayer must pay for keeping it
open or for holding it shut, and his money goes prac
tically to subsidize and pay a bounty to his competi
tor.
England, originally seated on the storm-swept
British isles, with her variety of production limited
by her climate, had some excuse for an expansion
which gave her command of production in every zone.
But we have no such excuse. Our domain covers
the planet from Key West to Point Barrow, from ;
north latitude 22 to 75. We produce tropical, semi
tropical, temperate zone and polar articles of mer
chandise, and out of the vast variety and capacity that
we already possess can supply ourselves and the
world. No wonder the manufacturers and producers i
of California are early in evidence protesting against
sending an army, and navy into ' the East Indian
tropics to force cheap and servile labor into compe- j
tition with us in a field where white labor cannot live.
Brother Jonathan and his continent were able and
ready to master the trade of the world and bring its
profits home for the benefit of white men and white
labor in a climate friendly to them.
We would be glad to have from the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association a statement of what it is !
expected this country will gain in the Philippines,
with door open or shut, that it cannot gain at home ■
with less cost to the American taxpayer.
If the commerce of the East has needed protection
against cheap labor in Europe, the .commerce of the
West has surely an equal right to protection against
the cheaper labor of Asia. Asiatic labor takes on no
new characteristics by being performed under our
flag and our guns, scourged to its task by the greed j
of the English and German proprietors who own all j
the production of the Philippines that is not in the |
proprietorship of the church orders. It is servile and
involuntary labor still.
THE TRANS-MISSISSIPPI CONGRESS.
AX ofikial call for tiie assembling of the tenth
session of the Trans-Mississippi Commercial
Congress at Wichita has just been issued. The
object of the Congress, as is well known, is to pro
mote the business interests of all the States and Ter
.ritories lying, west of the Mississippi, and it is ex
pected there will be a large attendance.
While the discussions are to be confined to subjects
of common, interest to the section represented at the
congress, they will have, nevertheless, a very wide
scope. Among the questions to be considered are
the irrigation of arid regions, the improvement of
Western rivers, Nicaragua canal, Pacific Coast har
bors, the Gulf outlet, transportation facilities, Pacific
Ocean trade, mining, Western agriculture, national
quarantine aud statehood for the Territories.
In addition to the strictly Western subjects there are
to be discussions on current topics of interest to the
nation as a whole. Among these are the Monroe
doctrine, trusts and combines, our foreign pos
sessions, the election of United States Senators, and
representation at the Paris Exposition and at the
Louisiana purchase exhibition at St. Louis.
The discussions of the congress have the effect of
directing public attention to important Western is
sues, and are helpful in promoting our interests. It
is to be hoped, therefore, that California will be
strongly represented at the Wichita meeting.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
WHILE to Italy, through the inventor Marconi,
is due the credit of the introduction of a prac
tical system of wireless telegraphy, and while
Great Britain has the honor of having first made an
extensive use of it, there is a strong probability the
United States will be first to take it up on a compre
hensive scale and develop it into widespread utility.
While the British Government after the success, at
tained in the recent tests of the system has seemingly
halted in the work, a number of experiments have
been undertaken by private parties in this country
with a degree of enthusiasm which gives promise of
persistent enterprise in pushing the new invention
into use for every purpose it can be made to serve.
In an interview with the London Chronicle Mar
coni stated that his invention virtually amounts to
two systems of telegraphing without wires. By one
of these systems, that which was tested in Great
Britain, the electric current is diffused through the
atmosphere generally. By that method messages sent
from an altitude of about 200 feet were transmitted
for something like twenty, miles. That system, how
ever, is open to the objection that as the current
travels in every direction, messages sent from any
L point could be taken by a receiving instrument placed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
anywhere within the radius of the current. It would,
therefore, be easy for messages to be stolen either by
an enemy in war or by other persons.
By the second system Marconi has the electric cur
i rent transmitted not directly, but from what he calls
a reflector. The reflector transmits no electric rays
except those which fall upon it at a certain angle, and
therefore its current instead of being diffused through
the air proceeds in a straight line to the point de
sired. The reflected current, however, is much weak
er than the direct, and up to this time the inventor
has not been able to send messages by that system for
a greater distance than two miles.
The experiments made in the United States have
as yet added nothing of note to the Marconi systems.
The vigor with which they are being prosecuted is,
however, an assurance that it will not be long before
American mechanical ingenuity will devise some
means of making wireless telegraphy of practical u.se I
in the daily affairs of life. We are the most skillful
inventors of mechanical appliances in the world, and
now that science has revealed to us a new method of
using electrical energy, we may be sure our enterprise I
will not rest until we have made that method service
able to the community and profitable to the pro
moters.
UNTIL a short time ago the commission of
murder by poisoned candy or other article of
food sent through the mails was almost un
known to our criminal records. Then came the
Botkin case, which developed into one of the sensa
tions of the time, and since then other cases have
followed one another with a startling rapidity.
Within a time comparatively short we have had
reports of such cases in New York City, in Brooklyn,,
in St. Louis, and now other cases are reported in this
State. Nor is the crime confined to America. ■> The
London police are now engaged in trying fo trace
the author of a similar crime there, the victims in that
case being two women who were poisoned by a cake
sent to one of them through the parcels post.
The effect of suggestion' upon minds already in
clined in the direction to which the suggestion tends
is well known to all students of psychology. In fact,
i: has been well known ever since man first began to
study his fellow man and consider how he could in
fluence his action. It is only recently, however, we
have begun to note that the criminal mind is more
subject to the subtle influences of suggestion than the
normal mind, and that the commission of a sensa
tional murder in any locality is very sure to lead to
similar offenses wherever the story of the original
crime is told and talked of.
It is not reasonable to hold that in all cases of
this kind the first crime is the cause of those that
follow. Persons who are prompted by suggestion
into committing murder would in most instances have
committed it without the suggestion, though not in
that particular way. Such crimes as that of poison
by post, however, may, by reason of the easy way in
which it can be done, be the direct cause of murders
that would not otherwise have occurred. Persons
who would be afraid to try a. bolder murder. might be
tempted to send poisoned food through the mails.
The suggestion appeals to cowardice as well as to
malignity.''
Some of the poisonings which have followed the
Botkin case seem to have been the result of insanity
as much as anything else, and were probably com
mitted by persons of weak minds with criminal ten
dencies, but without any especial malice toward the
victim. The London crime is an instance of that
kind, and is one whose mystery may never be solved.
The poisoned cake in that case was sent to an
inmate of an asylum for imbeciles. She had been
there for some time and could not possibly have made
an enemy in the world. Her parents are poor, but
as she was taken care of by the Government and was
not in any way a charge upon them they could have
no reason in the world for desiring to get rid of her.
Moreover, at the Coroner's inquest it was brought
out that the mother and the other immediate rela
tives of the victim could neither read nor write, and
none of them had ever sent her anything for more
than a year. She was, in fact, out of their lives, and
in their .hard struggle with poverty they thought lit
tle about her.
Here, then, seems to be a murder caused wholly by
suggestion. Some half insane person of criminal ten
dencies has been led to poison a poor imbecile
without having the slightest malice against her. It is
a species of "Jack the Ripper" criminal employing
cunning .instead of brutality, and committing murder
through sheer fiendishness.
Dr. Thomas W. Huntington, recently a surgeon
in the service of the Southern Pacific Company,
informed his associates in the State Medical Society
a few days ago that he had amputated the legs of
three men with great success. As Dr. Huntington
seems inclined to swell with pride at his achievement,
he should look at the record of San Francisco elec
tric cars. In the matter of. the amputation of arms
as well as legs they are an unparalleled success.
Governor Gage has issued a new edict. He says
he will not again submit himself to an interview, but I
will dictate what he ' has to say to a stenographer.
While the people of California are concerned less in
what Governor Gage says than in what he does, it is
sincerely to be hoped that he will succeed in finding
a stenographer who wilj be able to translate his Ex
cellency's remarks into English, fortified with an affi
davit of truthfulness.
»
And now one of the powerful political organs of
Austria declares that America is no good. Judging
from the way that Uncle Sam has been acting lately,
it would be a wise policy for Austria to mind her own
business and not disturb herself with affairs which do
not concern her.
When Governor Gage went to a secret conference
with William F. Herrin at the Palace Hotel he prob
ably said to himself that he might as well be killed for
a sheep as a lamb.
A veracious correspondent declares that the Span
iards are leaving Cuba. Nobody supposed for a mo
ment that they were going to take it with them. • .
Bryan is in evidence enough, all the world knows,
but it would be necessary to send out a searching
party to find what has become of Sewall and Watson.
' Collis P. Huntington's repeated assertion that he is
not here for his health is more than borne out by his
frequent recent acceptances of dinner invitations.
C. P. Huntington has bought another railroad in
Texas. There is a growing suspicion that the old
gentleman wants to own the earth.
It is high time for the beef committee to close its
labors. The investigation is becoming more sicken
ing than the beef ever was. _■ >;.*; -':;;.
Governor, Gage may find that when his administra
tion speaks for itself it will say, "Weighed in the
L balance and found wanting."
POISON BY POST.
GAS CONSUMERS
WILL BENEFIT
BY NEW RATES
$1.10 Held to Be the
Legal Charge.
SOME AUTHORITIES DIFFER
CORPORATION MAY HAVE TO
RESORT TO THE COURTS.
•
Gas Question Is in Such a Tangle the
Supervisors Do Not Know
What Move to
Make.-
According to legal advise taken by
some members of the Board of Super
visors on the widely discussed oucstion
of gas rates, the legal figure which the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com- j
pany may charge consumers is $1 10 per
thousand cubic feet. This supersedes the
rate of $1 75 which has been charged for
years. The minority members of the
board believe that unless further action
is taken the company must hereafter
render its bills at the reduced rate.
It was given out that a resolution
would be presented at the meeting of the
Board on Monday fixing a rate of $1 50.
For some reason this measure fell by the
wayside, the membqr charged with its
introduction failing to bring it out. It
is understood the majority members of
the board will support a resolution fixing :
the rate at that figure. If they found it
impossible to pass it they might linally
compromise on $1 35, the rate for which
the minority is holding out. The consun- '
sus of opinion' among the members is
that $1 10 is too low and would not stand |
in law. They make bold to differ with
his Honor, the Mayor, in this matter,
claiming the company has not been alto
gether fairly dealt with.
They would like to test the contention
of Mayor Phelan that the rate is irrevoc
ably lixed for one year at $1 10, but do
nut know what steps to take to bring the
matter to an issue. When the members
are satisfied that Mayor Phelan's doc
trine will not stand in law they will, ac
cording to their present ideas, name $1 50
as the legal rate' to be charged. Some
members of the board are advocating ;
that the gas company officials test the ;
matter at once. They could arrange a!
ly suit with some consumer and j
hay« the questioned passed upon judir ;
daily.
The company loses heavily owing to :
the controversy, no matter what action
may be taken. If the rate of $1 00. which j
the company offered to make, be adopted l
its annual re'relpts will be reduced |
000. If 51 50 is determined, upon the re- ;
duction will be $270,000, while if the .re
duction of 40 per cent, already acted up
on by the Supervisor.-, holds good it
means a saving to consumers of JSJ
a year. According to the figures sub
mitted by President Crockett, this would
almost wipe out the profits of the com- i
pany. The small householders and small
storekeepers will prolit by all this slash
ing of rates, as they arein the majority
.■unl bear the major portion of tho bur
d' n for th*' illuminating fluid.
The- officials for the gas company pro
fesa to believe the rate, has not been
fixed at $1 10, but that tho old rate still
obtains and is In force. Their attorneys
are apparently willing to stake their r>p
utations as men skilled in the way of tne
law that no action of the Supervisors has
resulted in fixing a rate which the fias.
company must charge for its product
"The rate for gas is not $1 I<V' said At
torney Thomas B. I.ishop, chief of coun
sel for the company, yesterday. "What
action the directors will take in the mat
ter "f this month's bills I do not know,
as the matter has not as yet been dis
cussed. We are not concerned about the;
rate and have given no thought to test- !
ing the action. "We simply hold that no j
rate has been fixed and that the old rate ]
is still in force."
Kr.>m the commencement of proceed
.ings In the gas matter th.c attorneys for ;
the company have claimed that the board
had no legal right to fix rates, hence
"all its work has been wasted."
OPPOSED TO
CIVIL SERVICE
Editor The Call: In view of the fact
thai The Call is the acknowledged organ
of the people, and speaks for all without
regard to its policy on any of the great
questions of the day, and willing to give
a respectful hearing to all, we most re
spectfully beg leave to request that The
Call give publicity to the following com- j
munlcation in reply to an article in the j
Examiner which it has refused to pub
lish:
The Examiner contains an article in Its
issue of April IS, I^9, under the caption of i
"Under Civil Service Rules— Efforts of the !
Amalgamated Society of the Office-seekers
Meet With Small Success." which con
tains these sentences: "That was the
meaning of that strange political freaK
calling itself the Anti-Civil Service j
League, and by other people called the ;
associated office-seekers. Apparently the >
amis have fallen by the wayside, and
their brief activity has borne little fruit."
We desire to correct these misstate
mentSi and believing the Examiner would
not knowingly give publicity to mis- j
statements without affording opportunity
for refutation, the league assures the
public that, it is not composed of the as
sociated office-seekers, or office-holders
either in the mint or elsewhere. We have
not fallen by the wayside, nor has our
brief activity borne little fruit. On the
contrary our activity is undisturbed and
giving great concern to certain interests,
notably the associated office-holders and !
life-service element holding fat jobs under i
Grover Cleveland's so-called civil service!
arder in the United States! Mint and every j
Federal office in the State. Abuse, vitu- !
Deration and opprobrium cannot cause tho
league to fall by the wayside or falter in |
its efforts. We have held many meetings
and are publishing and distributing a
large amount of printed matter, as well
as keeping up a constant correspondence
with the leagues throughout the Union,
and have in Washington a personal rep
resentative, who is giving every attention
to the work mapped out. If the so-called
civil service law was founded on p'rinci- i
pies of justice the old veterans removed
by Daggett, Democratic Mint Superin
tendent, would be reinstated. No; their
jobs are held down by their Democratic
successors because they were Repub- j
Means. We have taken up the matter and j
shortly will take the matter before the
.highest court of- the United States in an
effort to have justice done or unmask the !
hypocrisy of the so-called civil service !
law.
The entire article is misleading', as the
alleged civil service order claimed to be i
promulgated by Gage, Roberts and the
CivH Service Commission has no practical \
effect. The Mint has been operating un- \
dor tho same rule ever since Cleveland's !
order of May 6, IS%, and it is asserted by '
those who seem to know that the em
ployes contribute to the funds of the asso
ciated office-holders' league to foster the
present condition of life service.
The Call will greatly favor the league
and its members by opening its columns
to the foregoing reply to the article to
■which they take exceptions.
The Anti-Civil Service State League, by
E. M. CALVIN-, President.
GUNST AND
UNION LABOR
To the Editor: In the issue of the Ex
aminer of April 4. we notice an article
about M. A. Gunst's anticipated trip, in
■which it is stated that he intends to buy
tobacco plantations in Cuba, in order to
obtain the raw material for cigar manu
facturing purposes only. His mission is
to complete the details of a gigantic deal, !
which, when affected, will place the firm
of M. A. Gunst & Co. at the head of ona
of the largest tobacco syndicates in the
United States.
Mr. Gunst is also reported as saying:
"We will open leading retail cigar stoics
in the cities of San Francisco. Chicag-j,
St. Louis, New York and Boston."
We are positive of his failure in Bos.
ton, as that is strictly a home industrial
city. Now of what benefit win this great
enterprise be to San Francisco or the
State of California? As Mr. Gunst is one
of our most prominent business men and
a city official, we would like to ask him
a few questions. Why will he not start
one of his factories m San Francisco to
manufacture cigars for home consump
tion? He states that he is. purchasing to
bacco plantations in Cuba. Can It be that
he fears that the tobacco would spoil on
its transit to San Francisco? We can
positively assure him that tobacco im
proves with age. Is it possible that he
thinks we have not the skilled mechanics
here to make the cigars'.'
The International Cigar-makers' Union
of America, of which our local union is a
branch, is composed of the best skilled
mechanics in the trade. In 1888 it paid
the railroad fares of 800 first-class Eastern
cigar-makers to San Francisco, and would
have furnished the means of transporta
tion for more had they been needed here.
We therefore claim that Mr. Gunst favors
other localities for the reason that he can
there obtain tenement-house cheap labor,
Where father, mother and children slave
day and nighi for a bar.c livelihood. We
can assure Mr. Gunst that if he contem
plates the employment of free American
labor in the cities in which he proposes
to establish his factories we can serve
him equally as well at home in the manu
facturing of these cigars. We would fur
ther ask him if California is not the best
adapted locality in the United States for
cigar-making on account oi' its climatic
advantages. The Cigar-makers' Inter
national Union stands ready to deposit a
reasonable sum of money in any bank
designated by Mr. Gunst to secure him
ncainst pecuniary loss should it fail to
furnish him with as skilled mechanics in
San Francisco as he can find in either
New York or K«'y West. We cordially
invite Mr. Gunst's reply to these ques
tions inside of a reasonable time. Re
spectfully, J. WOLF. President,
PHIL DAVIS. Secretary.
Press Committee Cigar-makers' Union 22S
of San Francisco.
AROUND TUB
CORRIDORS
Charles E. Lyon, a merchant of Napa,
is at the Russ.
Ralph Russell of Santa Barbara is in
this city for a brief stay.
11. I. Moak, a ranch superintendent of
Chico. is registered at the Rush.
Judge A. L. r'razer and wife of Port
land, Or., are guests at the Grand.
G. M. Douglass, a mine owner of Vir
ginia City, Nev., Is a guest at the Lick.
\V. "vv*. Leeper, a business man of New
York, is a late arrival at the Occidental.
Joseph G. Enright, proprietor of the St.
James Hotel at San Jose, is at the Lick
accompanied by hi 3 wife.
E. L. Boardman, editor and proprietor
of the Billings (.Mont.) Gazette, is at the
Grand with his wife.
Dwight Hollister, a fruit grower of
Courtland, is making the Grand his head
quarters during a brief visit to the city.
Frank H. Daly, a deputy T'nited States
Marshal of New York, arrived here yes
terday and ■ ■■'•'! at the Grand. He
has an Illcgo"- landed Chinaman in his
custody. ■ i ■ will turn over to the
officials of Ta< ■ i*:h for deportation.
George Foster Teabody. first vice presi
dent of the Rio Grande "Western Railway,
is visiting this State for pleasure and is
registered at the Palace. He is accompa
nied by Edward M. Shepherd, general
counselof the road. They intend to sue the
southern country before they return to
N< W York, and will leave for Los An
geles in a few days.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 25.— P. R. Hutchln
son of San Francisco is at the Xormandie.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DEWEY DAY— Subscriber, Santa Ma
ria; A. M., San Jose; and M. D.. Cfty.
Dewey day (May 1> nas been proclaimed
by 11. T. < : nor of California, as
:i" legal holiday, and vii that day the
batiks will be dosed.
PHILIPPINES— IT., City. There has
never he-en a census of the population of
the Philippine Islands and for that rea-
Bon it is impossible *o give the figures.
All that there is on that point are ■
mates varying from 7,500,000 to
It is generally believed that 8,006,000 is
about correct.
ROAD AND POLL, TAX— G. S. E., El
Dorado, Cal. There is no law of Califor
nia that exempts "a discharged soldier
who holds an honorable discharge from
the I'nited States" from paying road or
poll tax. The only exemption are those
who are under 21 years and over 60 years
of age.
PENCILS— A. F., City. Lend pencils are
manufactured in France, Bavaria, Aus
tria and the United States. Such are j
manufactured In Jersey City, Xew York,
Fort Scott, Kirns., ami Providence, R. I.
Other kinds of pencils are manufactured
in Cleveland, O.; Fort Ind., and
Northampton. Mass. The kinds of pen
cils are: Lead, automatic, business, car
bon, copying, crayon, draughtsman's,
drawing and lndelibli .
MAJOR AND SERGEANT— OId Soldier,
Santa Monica, Cal. It was Major Lewis
Smith of the ordnance branch of the ser
vice, U. S. -a., who on the last day of
June, 1597, married Miss Agnes Ruth
Lange, the daughter of Sergeant Lange
of the Third Artillery, in San Francisco.
The two men were at one time privates i
in the same command and a great friend- j
ship sprang up between them. They sep
arated. Smith rose from the ranks until i
he was commissioned major. Lnnge nev
er rose above sergeant, but in the mean
time he married, and after many years
of separation Major Smith came and ,
claimed Miss Lange as his bride. They
were married and have lived happily to
gether since. ___
INK STAINS-Subscriber, City. It is
said that oxymuriatic acid removes per
fectly stains of Ink from paper. Nearly
all acids will remove spots of ink from
paper, but it is important to use oniy
such as do not attack its texture. Spirits
of salt (muriatic acid), diluted in five or
six times the quantity of water, may be
appli ed with success upon the spot a
minute or two after washing it with clean
water. "A solution of oxalic acid, citric
acid and tartaric acid is attended with
the least risk," says one who declares
he has used it, "and may be applied to
paper and printed plates -without fear of
damage. These acids, taking out writing
ink and not touching the printing, can
be used for restoring books where the
margins have been written upon with
out attacking the text." There are. sev
eral preparations for the purpose to be
obtained from -.stationers.
Wants Damages for a Beating.
Fay J. Barnes began suit in the Jus
tices' Court, through her attorney, J. N.
E. Wilson, to recover ?250 damages which
Bhe claims to have sustained at the hands ;
of her brother-in-law. Charles H. Rogers,
on FebruaTy 6 of this year. In her com
plaint she alleges that Rogers struck
her and knocked her down and Infll< ted
Injuries that caused her much bodily and
mental agony and necessitated th<
vices of a physician for several weeks.
The day following the occurrence of the
events which form the basis of the com
plaint Rogers was arrested at the in
stance of Miss Barnes on a charge of bat
tery. The case was heard in the Police
Court and Rogers was fined $50.
New Trial Denied.
The application of the Government for
a new trial of the case of the United
States vs. David W. Jones was denied
yesterday by United States District Judge
de Haven. Jones had been sued by the
Government for damages for cutting tim
ber on public land in S'skiyou County and
had received a verdict in his favor, on
che erounds of error in the survey and
on the plea of the defendant that he
■believed that the timber was on his own
land.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
by Albert L. Bryden and Franklin V
Bryden, ranchers in Yuba County Albert
owes $3632 and Franklin $3244. Neither has
available assets.
FINISHING HALL
OF JUSTICE MAY
NOW BE DELAYED
Lowest Bidder Wants
to Withdraw.
BIG DIFFERENCE IN PRICES
PROTEST OF. THE FIBM CONSID
ERED TRIVIAL.
George H. Fuller Desk Company In
timates Its Intention to Decline
to Go on With the
Work.
Tf the Board of Supervisors approves
the action taken yesterday by the Com
on Public Buildings, and tf no
trouble la made by the i ontractors, the
work of furnishing and completing the
Hall of Justin- for occupancy will be be
kuii at once and pushed to an early com
pletion.
However desirable such a result might
be the immediate prospect of its attain
ment is small on account of the apparent
reluctance of the firm t.> which the prin
cipal contract is to bi awarded to fulfill
Its obligations. The bids for furnishing
the Hall cf Jum nted to the
Board of Supervisors on April 17 and
were to have been opened on that date.
This formality was, however, delayed un
til last Monday, when the bids were
opened and referred io the Committee on
Public Buildings. In the meantime one of
the bidders, the George H. Fuller Desk
Company, filed a written protest and
asked for the withdrawal of their bid <-> n
the ground that a meinb'er of the board
bad declared that he was of the belief
that there was to be a "rake-off" and
that he would defeat the proposition of
letting the contracts. The protest was
Idered trivial and was not allowed.
When the bids were opened it trans
pired that the bid of the George H. Fuller
Desk Company for supplying furniture,
photographic appliances and kitchen fur
niture was $6014 lower than the next high
est bid for the same work. A representa
tive of the company appeared before the
Committee on Public Buildings yesterday
and declared that his firm did not want
the contract and renewed the protest pre
viously made to the board. He even in
timated that if the board insisted en
awarding the contract to the firm as the
lowest bidder the matter would be taken
into the courts.
The implied threat had no effect and
the committee voted to recommend that
the contract be awarded to the reluctant
firm. The amount of the bid is $46,486,
and there is in the hands of the clerk of
the Board of Supervisors a certified check
for $5080 from the firm to insure its-per
formance of the contract. The other con
tracts for providing furnishings for the
building were awarded to the lowest bid
ders as follows:
For gas and electric fixtures, San Fran
cisco Novelty and Plating Works, $16,950;
water filter system, ' 'alifornia Artistic
arid Metal Wire Company, $2450; electrical
apparatus, switchboard and telephone
m, Webro-Hendy Company. $3235;
liming and decorating, J. Smith & Sons,
•
In the matter of the bids for doing the
plumbing work in the new police station
building at Seventeenth and Mission
Htreets the committee agreed to allow
John J. McGcrtvan to withdraw his bid
upon a showing that he had made a mis
take in his figures and had asked leave
to withdraw the bid within the statutory
time. The contract was let to the next
lowest bidders. Allen it Looney, for $1,675.
McGowan's bid was -
Portraits of Postmasters.
Employes of the main Postofflce on
Washington street have subscribed to a
fund to procure portraits of all the San
Francisco Postmasters from the year 1549
up to the present date and hang- them on
the walls of Postmaster Montague's office.
Portraits in India ink of the following
named Postmasters have been obtained
and have been hung- in the sanctiim:
Prank McCoppin. N. P.. Stone, William J.
Bryan, S W. Backus. W. W. Montague
and Holland Smith. They have a!r- ady
Imparted a cheerful air to the office.
Stole a Horse and Buggy.
John Corbett, an ex-convict, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday by Detectives
Dinan, Reynolds and Ellis on the charge
of grand larceny. It is claimed that he
stole a horse and buggy belonging to R.
D. Chandler, a coal dealer.
I■♦ » !
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend's.*
— — : — ' ■ ♦ * ■
j Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ O .
"Who is your favorite composer?" asked
the typewriter boarder.
"Handel," said the Cheerful Idiot. "H«
is so Indianapolis Journal. ■
"Mrs. Wmslow's Soothing Syrup'?
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soof-.es the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colle. reg
ulates the Bowels and is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
W'inelow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Saute Fe Route.
. Three times a week; 3U days to Chicago. 4^4
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Mar
ket'street.
. ♦ .
HOTEL DXL CO BON ADO— advanta&s
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days" board at
hotel; longer stay. I? 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Teacher— What is salt, Thomas; can you
tell me? ■
Thomas— Please, sir, its what spoils the
potatoes If you don't put it in to boil with
them.— Brooklyn Life. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Young children, to avoid
marasmus, scrofula, or
rickets, and develop healthy
tissues, bones and teeth, need
.fats and hypophosphites. Dr.
W. Gilman Thompson,
Prof. Materia Medica and
Therapeutics, in the Uni-
versity of New York, asserts
that Cod-liver Oil is the
best fat for the purpose.
Scott's Emulsion is
liver oil partly digested and
combined with hypophos-
phites, it gives childrtn
material for rich blood,
solid flesh, bones and teeth.
joe. and $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT "& BOWNE, Chemists, New York.FAVORITES AT
OAKLAND HAD
A STORMY TRIP
Pat Morrissey the
Only Winning One.
RAN OVER A MUDDY COURSE
HEADWATER EASILY BEATEN
BY MAUD FERGUSON.
Galene Left the Maiden — New
Moon Ran Away From Marplot.
Bullman Riding Out
of Luck.
Distant peals of thunder, weather cool
enough to make an Eskimo dog hunt
an old-fashioned fireplace and a hail storm
were the introductory features to the
racing at Oakland yesterua'-. The course
was already muddy, and the heavy down
pour of sleet and rain made It of the
eplaahy sort. Form fell with the mercury
In the thermometer, and live of the six
favorites failed to navigate through the
slop in safety. However, Cavallo, New
Moon and llorton were not overlooked by
the crowd, and the books prorited but lit
tle by their victories.
The first num decided, a six-furlong
sprint, saw Amasa and Aluminum close
equal favorites in the betting. Many tig
ured the pair would race their heads off
the first part, and backed the third choice,
Cavallo. Aluminum broke first; but was
quickly headed by Amasa The latter led
. until' within a few yards of the wire, when
Hahn on Cavallo got up, winning by a
head.
Thorpe on Galene outbroke his com
pany in the two-year-old scramble, win
ning all the way. Big Horn, a 25 to 1 shot,
took the place from the favorite. The Buf
foon. Tom Sharkey, an outsider, was well
backed, but found the pace too fast for
him.
Pat Morrissey, with Devin at the helm,
gathered in the mile and a sixteenth run
under reefed sails. Of the three he was
asked to subdue Castake looked the most
likely, but Johnny Reiff waited too long
with that gelding. Pat plowed through
the mud, winning in a romp. Keu Glenn
finished a distant third.
It looked as if Headwater ought to win
the six-furlong spin that followed; but
ih.f» superstitiously inclined nau a '•hunch"
that the gelding would meet wuh defeat.
He bavketi up from 1 to 2 to ~ to 10, and
was downed in a canter by Maud j. ergu
son; nsf.iinst which 10 and 12 to I was laid.
The winner was ridden by Jenkins. Jennie
Reid took show honors.
Rullman had the mount on 1 Marplot,
which opened favorite for the mile selling
run, but his ill luck stayed with him.
New Moon broke rtrst when tne barrier
was' released, and fairly reveling in tht
Juicy f ootinir was <.-ased up at the finish
•Mcht lengths in advance of the Burns &
Watertaouse entry. The Montana mare
ha<l her ixlds sliced from 4 to 1 to 11 to 5.
Th~ brown Morello colt Eddie Jom-s had
a commanding call in the betting in the
final seven-funonK run. Ridden by
i .."rpe. he> overtook Tony Licalzi at the
paddock, but was in turn passed and
beaten a scant hea,d by Horton. astride
which Ruiz rode a bungling out lucky
race.
To-Day's Entries.
Kir«t race— Three and a half furlongs; 2-year- '
old filliop; selling
957 Moano KJI Wl6 Honor Bright. .lls i
1012 Roy* nf H110.T.105 ?™ Pythia 113
993 Halifax 115 S4S Ovando 11; -
100T Pidalla 105)
Soi-ord race — Futurity course; ing: 4-year
olds and up:
- ••■; rvfvr..;»r ion; 657 fncle True . 103 J
1011 Roulti WTiee!..l'il' 10<W Benroe 109
9PS Major OYw.k 106 1011 Colonial Dame. lol
>:.: I'at Murphy ..10.;. 1 006 Paul Kruger...lO6 I
1010 Little T G 101 Shellac 101 j
102S Hueno l'>6j 539 Punvard K'6 I
991 Don Gara 112 j WS Drown Prince .lo3
1011 The Last 101"
Third rax:e — Five furloncrs; 2-year-olds; purse:
952 Kitty Ke11y. .. .113 (1012>Flami>ra 113
*.'M2 The Scot 100 1000 Catulus 96 I
:'23 Tom Fharkoy... ?3 1000 Armistice 10S ]
1016 Surfeit 100J
F' urth race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
!nc: 3-year-ol.ip and up:
101S Roadrunner ...K'oi 1031 Pavereham SS
1 1' 27)Imperious 106 1C27 Robert Bonner.lP2
2^3 Eureka 110 939 Stone L S3
:-.-6 Whaleback .... S6i 1020 Alvln E 102
Fifth race— Six furlong-s;se!llnp; 3-y»ar-old*:
i'<rr<>Varuba 113 i 1031 Casdale HO
IOCS Royal Fan l'^! 99i Limewater ....122
<<s2 The Fretter 122 549 Nora Ives lO.i
992 Guatemoc I<J7 993 Gold Baron 107
441 Elizabeth R....1U S7S Judge Wofford.lo7
:c,^ Ach 12-'!
Sixth Futurity course; selling; 4-year
c'.dn and ur>:
iH Rlcardo ...■ 106 *1017 Heigh Ho 101 j
r '2o Oov. Sheehan..M'.< 101T Horatio 10S
<«04)Toribio 106 1022 Sly 10; I
705 Torsion 1«5 »?4 Etta H 110 I
BIS Dick Bfhan....lo3j(in2fi)\Vldow Jones. ..107
999 Homestake 104; 1u22 Jim Brownoll;T.108
a015)BllE3 Rucker...lO6. 94S Montallade ....106
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Moano, Halifax, Honor Bright.
Second race— Don Gara, Pat Mur»hy. Shel-
Third — Catulus, Kitty Kelly, Flamora. i
Fourth race— Imperious, Whaieback, Roard
runner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TETTERON HANDS
Troubled for years. Sore All Oxer.
Could not use them. Spread over
Arms, Neck, and Face. Smarted
Like Fire. Physicians no Benefit.
Tried CUTICURA. Immediate
Relief. Permanent Cure.
I had been troubled with tetter for several
years. At times my hands would be sore all over,
co that 1 could not use them at all, and were so
tender that clear water, even, smarted like fire,
and it spread over arms, neck, and face. I had
been treated by physicians, but without benefit,
when I began the Cuticcra remedies, /found
relief before I had taken the first bottle. I used
three or four bottles of Cuticura Resolvent,
one cake of Cuticura Soap, and one box of
Cuticcra (ointment), and it has never troubled
me since. ELLA CL'KZON,
March 10, 1898. Eppinghom, 111.
BLOOD POISON CURED
By Cutlcura Resolvent
One of ray children ran a rusty nail into his
foot, vrhlch was most painful. Bis blood got
out of order, and sores broke out on his hands
and feet. I gavo him ono bottle of CUTICURA
<■ • vent and used one cake of Cuticura
Soap, principally a* a salve, and the child re-
covered. Mrs. J. 8. FUKEN,
March 15, 1898. Markham, Fl*.
CUTICURA RESOLVENT
Begins with the Blood and End* with
The Skin and Scalp.
That Is to say. it purifies the blood and circu-
lating fluids or Humor Gkrms, and thus removes
the caute. while warm baths with Cuticcra So* p.
and gentle anointings with Cuticcra. (ointment),
greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse the skin
and scalp of crusts and scales, allay Itching, burn-
Ing, and Inflammation, soothe and heal. Thus are
ep«edl)y, permanently, and economically cured
the most torturing, disfiguring humors of the
skin, scalp, and blood, with loss of hair, when the
best physicians and all other remedies fall.
Bold throughout the world Potter D. afdC. Coif.,
Bole Propi., Bottoo. " Uow to Cur* Ererjr Humor," fret.
SAVE YOUR SKIN B^S2 B 2ft&" l -«.
Fifth Elizabeth R. Lime-water. Nora
Ives. j
Bixtk race— H. Heigh Ho. Toribio.
• - ■ ■■ ,■ / i
FIVE BOXING CONTESTS.
Amateur and Professional Bouts Be
fore the Olympic Club To-Night.
There will be five boxing contests at the
Olympic Club this evening, two of which
Vl\l decide who will enter the finals of
the welter-weight class for the cham
pionship of trie Pacific Coast and the
Herman Oelrichs belt.
On account of the paucity of middle
weight material the preliminaries of that
class have been omitted from the series
of contests the original date set for its
.ing. The fistic
entertainment to-night will consist of two
professional bouts, an exhibition contest
the semi-finals of the welter-weight
Andy King of Chicago will fight Kid
McFadden i this city in a 10-round go
for a decision. The second professional
mix-up will be between two locaJ fight
ers—J. D< \. Snooker, at 137
pounds. They will try eight rounds of
fistli battering for the .imusoment of the
clubmen. Frank McConnell will then give
ly exhibition with J. McDonald, who
leel Johnson, the Multnomah cham
plon, on th< 24th of May for the middle
weight champioi 5
The semi-finals of the welter-weight
, lass nreen J. F. McCarthy of the
Olympic Club and A. Hcllman of the 9ac
ramento Athletic Club, F. Ast of the
Manhattan Athletic Club and Joe Doyle
(.»' the Olympic Club. There is a strong
.; among the representa
tives of the amateur .Mubs and the bouts
this evening will likely prove as hot and
gory as any of the past.
WANT THE NAME CHANGED.
Mission People Ask That Valencia
Street Be Repaved and Named
Market.
At the meet Ins of the Mission Business
Jlcn's Association the matter of repay
ing and changing the name of Valencia
street oame up for consideration and dis
n. J. S. Bannerman, the attorney
for the association, stated that the Street
Committee had referred the matter to the
Merchants' Association and that he hoped
t result i thought an ap
riation would b^ made from the next
tax le\ >" tqr the purpose
The question of changing the name of
street to Market was discussed
me length. It was the sense of the
lation rhat it would be of great ben
the Mission !n many ways and its
committee of publicity and promotion was
instructed to appear before the Street
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
for the purpose of 'lrcing the changing
of the name, as well ;>s to try and secure
the repavement of the street. Th>
elation proposes to n.-ild a mass-meeting
at an early date next month, at which
Mayor Phf>lan and President Dohrmann of
the Merchants' Association and others
v.-ill be requested to make addresses.
CIVIL SERVICE NEWS.
Internal Revenue Examinations Will
Be Conducted Hereafter Under
Auspices of Commission.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch was
notified yesterday by the Civil Service
Commission that hereafter examinations
for positions in the Internal Revenue De
partment will be held by the department
at Washington, to which all applications
must be sent The examinations will be
held in this city as usual, with the dif
ference that the. local board, composed of
Special Revenue Agent Thomas, I
Fletcher and T. J. "Wrampelmeier. will be
abolished. These gentlemen ha
on the local board without pay for the
past four years and have been honored
by the thanks of the department.
The Pool-Selling Case.
Thp trial of the action instituted by the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club against Chief
>?t al. is (irapsing slowly along in
Judf<e Murasky's court, and promises to
do so for the next week or ten days. Tes
. ]■'. E. Mulholland. the well-known
turf writer, appeared as the first witness
■ .'.lightened the court as to the mys
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, April 25, 1899.—Seventy-ninth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather rainy.
Track sloppy.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES V. FERGUI
jrvQO FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
___.
%m.
Ftr.
Fin. !
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Bt
'»m.
, _ 1
ivallo, 5 i - 4
1022 Amasa, -t 105 3
1021 Aluminum, 4
. ■ I
975 Kerry Boy, 5 '
:• ! \, mo. S "
: BltX. a Ill 7
4 1
2 10
1 1
6 1
6 3
3 2
3 3
1 2
2 0
4 2
5 10
I 1
1 1
4 4
1 h |Hnhn 3 14-5
2 1'i .1 Relfl 7-5 8-5
3 '• IK. Jones 7-5 8-5
4 12 Kuiz 15 40
6 2 Sperry 2s 150
6 10 Bullman 26 7.".
7 Hyland 15 20
Time- 1 !. :25; it, JO; 94. X-1VA- Winner, F. Bean's b. g. by Imp. CaValier-Jennie Oliver.
Fair start. Won first three driving.
Amasa and Aluminum both backed up. Former would have won if away In iront.
Bueno Inclined to sulk.
■ <iQQ 3ECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, ?300.
Horse
Weight., St.
Vim.
him.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
SS7 Galene 115 1
993 Hlg Horn 113 2
993 The Buffoon 115 7
987 Gllpsando 113 6
1000 Tom Bbarkey 110 3
1016 Tanobe 115 5
1016 •••mis 107 8
940 Palapa 107 9
1012 Champion Rose 115 4
1016 Caftlso 107110
1 4
2 4
6 1
5 4
4 '2
3 h
9 10
8 1
7 2
10
•
1 6 Thorpe
2 3 Ruiz
3 4 E. Jones
4 _ J'-nkins
5 1 W. Xarvaez..
6 6 Bassinger
7 3 Bullman
8 Postel
9 [Glover
[Holmes
3 5
20 25
2 11-5
3 7-2
12 12
8 8
8 8
50 200
20 60
40 100
'i U ;25: %, :50</4. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. f. by imp. Brutus-Picnic.
■■ 'Won pulling up. Second and third driving.
:.is to be a sloppy weather horse. Big Horn was due. Buffoon away poor-
ly.. T in Sharkey counted out
. : ,;.! lliidifa 110. Lorelio 107. •
wiQA rHIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds
BIJOU* purse, $400.
and
upward ;
I I Uettlnj?.
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.'st. Std. J4m. Km. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jock^ya. jOp. Cl.
. 991 S 1% 110 118 110 14 18 ipevln 3-5 8-5
.95 1 2 6 2 4 2 1 2 15 2 15 2 2o J. Relfl 2 ll-o
857 Red Glenn a 102 2 3 1 3 6 3 8 3 20 3 20 3 10 Bullroan 6 7
4 4 4 4 4 4_ i V ■ ■ (8 6 100
i 8-16 :31H: 916. :56»i; 13-16, u5i mile, 1:42%; 1 1-16 m.. 1:49%. Win-
ner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by Lord Clifton-Tennle B. Good start. Won easily.
nd and third driving.
Relfl ■ waited too long. There might have been an engagement had he
manned hla puna sooner. Red Glenn should go on the dry dock.
., ' '•■
1AQI FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds; purse, 1400.
Index. Hor»e.
Weight.
«m.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
956 Maud Ferguson 1034 4 ... IS 13 13 18 Jenkins 8 10
(966) Headwater 115 6 ... 3 8 3 6 2 2 2 n K. Jones 1-2 7-10
101S Jennie Reid 105 5 ... 7 4 7 3 52 3 3 Louillier 10 20
994 Casdale ins; 7 ... 51 El 6% 4 Vi Pullman 8 15
1009 Sir XTrlan 105 8 ... 6 »4 4 3 4 4 5 3 Kevin ........ 10 20.
999 Lothian 105 3... 4 2 6 4 73 Cl Henry 100 300
968 Oenua 10311 ... 2 4 2% 3 1 74 W. Xarvaez.. 4 7-2
1018 Favcrsham 10812 ... 8 8 8 8 Ruiz ..' •• 30 100
i Time— 1 ,!. :24; 4. :49ViT~*i. l:16'i. Winner, T. O. Ferguson's b. I. by Imp Prince Royal-
Blue Hood. Good start. "Won easily. Second and third driving. . . ''■"'.-
Maud Ferguson wore blinkers, which shaded her eyes. Headwater ran like a roust-
about. Caai showed Improvement. Sir Urian poorly handled. Genua blew up. -
Scratched— Rey Hooker 112. r ■<•--', :■'.;•■■
|/-|OQ ""1FTH RACE-One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1330.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
1020 New Moon, 6 93! 1
997 Marplot, 4 J»<v 3
.ingmaster. 6 97 S
'.'.'7 Rapldo, a 97 2
1014 Alicia, C M 6
948 P. A. Finnegan, 4.. I 1 ■■ 4
irechota, 4 101 :
irl CJochran, 6 — 102 <■
na Colorado, a — 'j! 9
1003 Tempo. 4 1061 »
1 3
2 1
fi«4
3 2
4 4
6 3
7 H
8 8
9
1 4
2 3
4 1
3 '4
6 1
C 3
7 «
8 12
9
1 4
2 4
3 4
. 4 i
E M
6
7
8
9
1 4
2 1
4 1
a '4
5
6
7
8
9
1 8 Gray
2 h I Bullman
3 1 |YV. Stewart...
4 4 Romero
5 3 Holmes
6 2 Ruiz
7 6 Jenkins
8 6 W. Narrates..
9 Walsh .......
ISteward
3
2
20
30
8
3
80
10
15
20
C-2
9-5
15
12
8
6
60
15
30
25
Time-ii, :13%; %, :3S: %. Ti, l:29y 4 . Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. c. by El Rayo-
All-Xitmnnla. Good Etart. Won <-aslly. Second and third driving.
New Moon was full of run. Marplot Is a hard one to condition. He will Improve.
Others found the company too select.
Scratched— Alvln E 107, Grady 110. ___^
• /von -jxth rack— Seven furlonga; RlllBf; thrw tretusoldfl and apwapfl; pone, ISGO.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
%m.
Rtr.
Fin.
(1009) Ilorton, 3 104
(1020) Idle Jones, 4...... 115
1021 Tony Licalzl. 4..... 106
969 Hardly, 4 , 98
991 Kamsin, 6 103
996 Win*. 3 87
847 Dr. Bet-nays. 4 103
1009) Ilorton, 3 104 « 1- 6 2 5 4 51 1 ns IRuiz ,? ,2
1020) Eddie Jones. 4...... 115 5 4 1 4 4 2h 2% 2h Thorpe 6-5 3-2
1021 Tony Licalzl, 4 106 2 2 2 In' 12 12 3 2 Bullman 7 7
9G0 Hardly, 4 98 1 14 2 3 3 1 S',4 4 2 Basslnger .... 13 20
991 Kamrtn. 6 103 8 3 1 3 1 4 1 4% 5 4 Hal Brown... 10 20
996 Wing. 3 87 4 7 7 fin 6 1 C »,i J. « '« 12 2o
847 Dr. Bernays, 4 103 7 6 2 62 7 7 7 E. Jones...... 4 7-2
Time— 4, :13%; %. :38: %, 1:03%; %. 1:29%. Winner, E. F. Smith's ch. c. by El Rayo-
Fui"lllade'p Last. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner made a wonderful run through the stretch. He was bothered by Eddie Jones
on back stretch. Ucalzi is a phenomenal pocket piece. Hardly sprinted well for her.
Kaninln raggedly handled. The Doctor was a disappointment.
Scratched— Prompto 103, Torlblo 100, Horatio 106, The Fretter 95, Wyoming 106. _
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
"SOAPY SMITH" WILL
BE THE LADIES' PET
A FREAK FOR THE DOG SHOW.
SOAPY SMITH, a dog owned by A. Carrillo of this city, will without doubt
be the greatest curiosity of any dog that will be exhibited in the com
ing dog show. Soapy is a recent arrival from the Klondike region; in
fact, he only arrived from the frozen north two weeks ago, and was sent
down by express to Carrillo by a friend as a present. The owner says that
he dors i:i. t want any more canine presents, as he had to pay $125 express on
the animal. The most curious thing about the dog is that he is half bear and
half dog. His father was a big brown bear and his mother a genuine Klon
dike dog. Soapy has inherited his father's nn<> fur coat, the nair on his back
being several inches long. He also walks with the clumsy gait of a young
cub. "nut he is quite docile and tame. How he will stand the warm weather
1. but the hot spell of last week was very hard on the
animal. If the temperature should be warm for Soapy out at the show his
owner claims he will treat him to cold storage treatment by placing a big
cake of Ice in his kennel. Several Klondike miners who have seen the dog
claim that the animal is a splendid specimen of his species and that this breed
of animals, though only recently attempted in the north, has proved a great
success and that ior hard work drawing sleighs they have more endurance
and patience than any other breed.
teries of bookmaking and hand booking
as carried on in the streets and at the
1 track S< v. ral officers, including Peter
1 Hums \V. 11. Yo'iiij:. Patrick S. Hagerty,
Frank E. O'Brien, William S. Whit< .1.
F Moran, E. M. Boukosky and J. B. Mar
tin, then testified regarding thf» raid
arre sts resulting therefrom and the man
-1 ncr in which they gained access to Ingle
ippress transgression^ of
; the law. The case goes on again this
• morning.
Counterfeiter Long Indicted.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
r ht in a true bill of indictment
M. Long, charging him with
passing counterfeit five-dollar pieces and
• same In his possession. Long
v.-iis arrested t> - S< rvice Detective
Brown in a Kearny Btreet saloon
ne hi ral of the pieces on
the barkeeper.
New Consuls Recognized.
• Collertor Jackson has been notified that
T v,^ i zi d Benor Don
Encarnacion Mejia a General for
Salvador at this jmrt anti Senor Don Luis
Felix Lasti nsul for Nicaragua.
McKELVEY WAS
NOT ON THE
MARY GARRET
Mourned as Among
the Dead.
A DISAPPEARANCE EXPLAINED
WENT TO THE KOOTENAI AND
NOT THE KLONDIKE.
A Wealthy Oakland Mining Oper
ator Given Up as Lost Returns
to His Friends and Busi
ness Associates.
After beinp mourned as dead for nearly
it John McKelvey, the wealthy Oak
land mining man, has come back among
his friends and business associates on
this and the other side of the bay, and is
l" Ing kept busy explaining his mysteri
ous disappearance of eleven months ago.
Through all these months McKelvey has
been remembered as one of those who
went down on the ill-fated Mary Carret,
the Klondike boat that turned turtle and
sunk With nearly an on board last May
when on her way to St. Michael. His sud
den reappearance has brought joy to a
host of friends he has made since his res-
Idence in California in this city and Oak
land.
McKelvey came to this country from
Mexico some live or six years a^o, and
since that time has been heavily inter
ested in mining properties on both the
northern and southern sections of the
mother lode, and a number of them he
has had under successful operation, lie
had the inborn shrewdness of the canny
Scott, and his success in his mining ven
tures made him many influential busi
n< ss associates.
When the Klondike fever was at its
height he bought interests in four of the
best claims in that district and started a
couple of experienced miners on their way
there to manage his new properties. They
took passage on the schooner Mary
Garret
He made, his plans known to few of his
friends, but those who were informed
understood that he was to take passage
on the same vessel. At the time she
Bailed he also disappeared, and when the
Dews earn.' back from the Alaskan coast
that, with others of her class, the Mary
Garrett had sunk with nearly all on
board McKelvey was given up as one
among the lost. Then came the list of
drowned, and the name "John McKelvey"
appeared among them, and it was an
nounced that the only ones saved were
a minister and his wife. The minister has
since been confined in a madhouse as. a
result of his awful experience.
McKelvey's name 'appearing among the
list of lost settled his fate in the minds
of his friends, and they were about ready
to set about arranging his estate when
he came back to arrange It himself. He
got back on Wednesday last, and his
surprise was great at learning his obit
uary had been already written.
He had simply started off on one of his
periodical prospecting trips, and it had
taken him into the Kootenal district of
British Columbia. He had not thought It
worth while to announce his trip, and
following his usual custom he had started
off after saying nothing.
It has developed since that there was a
John McKelvey on the passenger list of
the lost Mary Garrett and that he lost
his life with others who went down with
her, but he was not the McKelvey who
was mourned for so long a time, and all
the search possible has failed to find any
one to mourn for him. No trace has betn
found of his relatives or acquaintances,
and so far as the history of that ill
advised rush is concerned he will be
known as simply one of the many who
gave up their lives to it.
The right John McKelvey has returned
to life, and back from the Kootenai he
has brought the title deeds to some of
the best promising properties of that dis
trict, and just now he is busy receiving
warm congratulations, by telephone and
otherwi.se, from his friends.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 2Jo. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
Moving the Fence.
The sign fence, a nuisance which sur
rounds the ruins of the Baldwin Hotel,
and which has for months past been an
obstruction to pedestrians, is to be re
moved. By a special permit from the
Board of Supervisors "Lucky" Baldwin
was allowed to erect the fence, and when
he did so extended it so far out from the
walls on the . Market and Ellis street
sides as to take up more than half of the
pavement. In the case of the Market
street side this has been a great annoy
ance, as it left a very narrow passage
way.
At the meeting of the Street Commlt
tee on Monday night positive orders were
given to have the fence moved back to
the line of the building. Yesterday Bald
win, in compliance with the order, set a
gang of men to work to move the fence
back. The work will be accomplished
this week, much to the convenience of
all pedestrians and the joy of the shop
keepers in the neighborhood, to whom it
has been a great inconvenience.
BATTLE OF BUNKER HILL.
Its Anniversary Will Be Fittingly
Cele orated in This City.
The anniversary of the Battle of Bunker
Hill will be celebrated In an elaborate
fashion by patriotic societies of this city
on June 17. For the past forty years the
day has been fittingly recalled in San
Francisco by speech and song, but this ]
year it is proposed to make the details
of the celebration more extensive and to
excel all past commemorations of Its
character. The Sons of the American
Revolution jvill unite with the Califor- |
nia Pioneers and the Bunker Hill Asso- \
ciation, and they will invite the partici- i
pation of public men in exercises which
will be arranged to-night.
At Sunset Park, in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, an appropriate programme
will be listened to, and two trains— one
at 7:45 a. m. and the other at 8:50— will
leave the foot of Market street for the
grounds. Two bands will accompany the
excursionists.
This evening a meeting of the three so
cieties will be held at the Occidental Ho
tel to arrange a programme. It has been
proposed to request the Secretary of War
to fire a salute from all the forts in the
harbor, and Mayor Phelan will be invited
to t.V-p a prominent part in the pro
gramme. The Governor v.-ill be asked to
declare the 17th day of June a legal holi
day, whereby business may be suspended.
MINERAL LANDS.
Judge Morrow Renders an Important
Decision as to the Duty of Govern
ment to Prove Certain Facts.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow de
cided Monday that when the Govern
ment brings suit to cancel a land grant
under the plea that the land is more val
uable for its mineral deposits than for Its
agricultural products, the Government
must prove the plea.
The case was that of the T T nited States
against the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany, George W. Towle, Allen Towle, Ed
win Towle and others to cancel a grant
by the United States to the Railroad Com
pany of a section of timber land in Ne
vada County. It appeared from the evi
dence that some mining had been done on
the land before thr- Government granted it
to the railroad company, but that the !
mining had been discontinued, and after
the Towles bought the section from the
railroad they cut a large quantity of val
uable timber off the tract.
The Government failed to prove that th*e
land was more valuable for its mineral
deposits than for its timber, etc., hence
it lost the case.
Two Girl Pickpockets.
Two young grirls. who from their ap
pearance have resided on the ragged side
of life for some time, in name Bessie
Bond and Gertrude Heigrhtler, were con
victed yesterday by a jury in Judge
Cook's court of the crime of grand lar
ceny for having relieved Henry Hock of
a purse containing $G5. After the judg
ment of the jury had been rendered
Judpe Cook asked the young women
their aces. nry.l both confessed that they
were pp.st IS years. This means that they
must £o to State Prison, notwithstanding
that they were recommended to the mercy
of the court by the jury. In the same
court John Wilson was convicted of bur
glary in the second degree. He stole an
overcoat from a supst in the Wenban
Hotel, on Sutter street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture Was Cured
Five Years Ago the Experiment
Was Tried.
No Doubt But What the Cure Is
Permanent.
In the early part of ISM, J. D. Thompson of
Castorland, N. V., was attracted by the news-
paper announcement that Dr. \V. S. Rice of 41S
T. Main street, Adams, N. V., had perfected
i
MR. J. D. THOMPSON.
a new and marvelous cure for rupture. Mr.
Thompson had a rupture that the various
kinds of trusses on the market wouldn't hold.
■o he communicated with Dr. Rice and began
treatment Immediately. He was cured so com-
pletely as to upset all former theories regard-
ing? the treatment of rupture and for the past
five years has been as sound as a dollar. This
fact is worthy of publication, since there are
thousands of sufferfrs who honestly believe
they cannot be cured. Write to Dr. Rice and
he will send you free a book that describes
this grand treatment.
It is a home cure at small cost, painless,
harmless, without operation or loss of an hour
from work. It cures man, woman or child,
and no matter how bad the rupture may be
the cure is quick, complete and permanent.
If you are ruptured do not neglect- this notice
Of the Rice method of cure. It Is the recording
nf farts like the above that makes our news-
papers of such value to us. AVrite at once for
Dr. Rice's book, and if you know of any one
else who is ruptured it will be an act of kind-
ness to see that they also learn about the mar-
velOUfl Dr. Rice system. Write to-day.
CONCERTS ANIi REdOitTS.
"SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY. APRIL 30, MONDAY, MAY 1. 1899.
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
Admission, 10c: children, Sc. Bathing, includ-
ing admission, 2oc: children, 20c.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
MAJOR OANTZ, the Merry Midget, in the ZOO.
JOE STORMS JR.. CONGO AND THE RE-
MAINS OF SALLY IN THE ZOO.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT,
Amateur Bnrhsque Boxing Match.
Admission, including Zoo and Theater, 10c;
Children Always or.
ODD FELLOWS' MALL.
THURSDAY NIGHT AT 8:15.
Last Recital --SAUER
Reserved Seats, $1 and $2; First Two Rows,
$3. General Admission, SI. S«ats at Kohler &
Chase's. Knabe Piano Used.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
REDUCED prices of ADMISSION, 26 cents;
children. 10 cents. MARVELOUS MOVING
PICTURES; POPE LEO XIII; return of
heroes of the late war, and over forty other
moving views; vocal and Instrumental music.
Afternoons, 3 o'clock; evenings, 8:15 o'clock.
Ij^cAjy, Introductory.
t MERIT IN VALUE, IS TL , * . £ . .
I merit in service,! This being our first appear-
, this is our aim. I ance in the columns of "The
'}y^Z"^??^~~l^L"l^^T"f Call" since the opening an-
jp~--~ " """"'" 1| nouncement a year ago, we de-
t WEI N STOCK, sire to statr briefly some of the
1 1 iir>i]\T I mere important points govern-
j LU 13 I I^l | ing our advertising.
i & C/?« | The proper, presentation of
t^^^^^^i^^i^^^^^i our goods calls for no exagger-
'^r. o u tT^" tavi n d 3 ation. Plain truth gives all the
; STREETS. ■ ' /2r needed i cope. We believe that
■■&s■■ W the readers of The Call" will
'-^^^'^s^ quickly learn to respect the
statements as earnest and
Millinery Department I truthful —
9j||( Ladies' Black Taffeta
firo oi.; r rei c Silk Dress Skirts. Right
AY\ .. UfeSS oKIITSi in shape and fit. Trim-
A P rPITV me:l to give oversk ' rt ' effect wth three
A 1 Ivllj' rows of ribbon velvet. Seven additional
rows of velvet ribbon on bottom of skirt.
1 ■m\ if Extra large as well as regular sizes
1 1 Bonnet Is — st - 50
I WitiiniAi ii\VlttA RllJirantPPfl A Black Silk Taffeta with
Difficult to Find. f.«d ja s^r.?.
| Olll\ IClibld, maker's and ours." A
The Pattern Bonnets im- 1 ' SUS'JS.
ported by US recently from ram in SIX mO nths from Durchase. The mak-
and London enable US to show er's name on every half yard. ...$1.15 yd
Very pretty Styles at The fashionable Corded Silks in all the
<Cc; f\n .w.^,i C 7 cm n e w shades of blue, helio and cyrano.
$5.00 and $7.50 Very effective .$l.OO yd
Men'S Unlau ndered White p r n no» of l Fancy Piques are deservedly
Whlfo ShirtS ' . 1 bedy - 1 . of 1 . New W. iniBQ popular this season. The de-
111 m OIMIIS, York Mils muslin, bosom PJQU6. signs and colorings shown by
and wristbands of good linen. Rein- 1 us are effective. Latest shades
forced front and back, continuous facing of | ight blue, French blue, helio, cyrano.
at every vital point. Cushion neckband. navy and red 1 2 C yd
A shirt which may be called excellent ' "___
value. Long or short bosoms.. soc each j _,
' A Mpui A new Glove from Paris. Rather
!p. I1C ". a heavy skin, but real kid, with
L.3ITID GIObBS Decorated 7^-inch I UIOVB pique stitching. Its fitting and
r v 00 ' <3 lobes. Assorted tints, wearing qualities, its colors and appear-
with floral decorations 39c ance will make it popular.
To-Day at 10 (/Clock*
Pillow Slips 9 c Each.
The factory making our Sheets and Pi. low Cases accumulates a quantity of
remnants each month. These remnants, though too srmll for the regular slips, are
large enough when properly joined in the crease. We wili show you the seam, for
you would not notice it.
The lot offered to-day consists of the best standard muslins. The needlework
is all right. Original size 45x36 inches, but reduced by width of hem. The saving
will be apparent ;. 9c each
Also,
Feather Pillows. Covering of good heavy ticking. Size 19x25 inches. Weight
3 ', pounds .....45c each
Ask for a copy of Fashion Leaflet.
Wdnstock, Lubin & Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS IS WHERE YOU LAUGH!
SECOND AND LAST WEEK I
THE RAYS.
JOHNNY— EMMA.
. In Their Howling Success,
A Hot
Old Time!
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Night, Including Sunday,
ROLAND REED,
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH, in His
Latest Success,
THE WRONG
MR, WRIGHT.
By GEORGE H. BROADHURST,
Author of "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). April 26.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
THE RIO BROTHERS,
Marvelous Ring Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON,
Comedians and Parodists.
GEORGE W. DAY.
Monologlst.
THE JACKLEY WONDERS.
Lofty Pyramid Artists.
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
In "The Maeuires."
CLARICE VANCE. AL AND MAMIE ANDER-
SON.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY In
"A Passing Fancy."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
A POSITIVE SUCCESS.
CAPTAIN SWIFT
AN INTENSE DRAMA OF HUMAN IN-
TEREST.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 33c, 50c
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY
NEXT MONDAY AFTERNOON.
EXTRA DEWEY MATINEE
SEATS NOW ON SALE
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
EASTERN STAR ATTRACTIONS.
ED. DOLAN,
New York's Irish Comedian.
DOLLIE NUTCHELL,
Dancing Soubrette.
Fourteen Weeks and -a Greater Favorite Than
Ever,
QUERITA VINCENT,
The New York Sensation, in New Coon Songs.
A BILL OF- ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
GREAT LIGHT OPERA PRODUCTION.
Evenings at S, Saturday Matinee at 2.
THE SEASON'S GREATEST HIT.
Bravos From Hundreds of Voices. Audienc*
Stood and Cheered for
ELCAPITAN
At Last Night's Performance by the
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
"The Southwell Opera Company is at its best
in John Philip Sousa's 'El Capltan.' At the
finale of the second act the 'El Capitan March'
was received with enthusiasm, as was 'The
Stars and Stripes Forever,' rendered as an en-
core."— Call. April 25
SATURDAY. BERKELEY UNIVERSITY
NIGHT— DECORATIONS.
OUR OLD PRICES 25c and 50c
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
THIS AFTERNOON.
LAST AND FAREWELL RECITAL.
ROSENTHAL!
THE WIZARD OF THE PIANO.
Popular Programme. Popular Prices. Re-
served seats 60c ( 75c, $1 and $1 60.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreltng Proprietor and Mgr.
"Happy Japan, Garden of Glitter."
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
SUPERB CAST.
Enlarged Chorus. Augmented Orchestra.
Beautiful Scenery. Gorgeous Dresses.
"CHON-KINA— CHON-KINA."
MATINEE SATURDAY *AT 2.
Popular Prices 25c and Mo
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
Market street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 50c; Children, 25c.
This panorama is a correct representation of
the great fight. The landscape, bay and ships
have been painted by artists purposely sent to
Manila; and returning naval officer* and others
have assisted by furnishing correct data, thas
enabling the management to reproduce the
battle as it was fought by Admiral Dewey,
historically and absolutely correct in every de-
tail. Same general style as Waterloo and
Gettysburg, but surpassing them in artistic
merit and interest, showing not only the bat-
tle but the beautiful blue Bay of Manila
with its villages and cities along the shores.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
CAMPERS'
EXCURSION
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
Personally Conducted by
MR. W. H. MENTON,
Ex. Pass. Agt. S. P. Co.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30.
ROU\D-TRIP <jri ocr
TICKET "• vl«*O»
The train will stop at the well-known camp-
Ing resorts situated on the line of the nar-
row gauge. No crowding. Seats for all. Take
along your lunch baskets.
LEAVE FERRY LANDING. FOOT OF
MARKET ST.. 7:45 A. M. RETURNING AR-
RIVE SAN FRANCISCO AT 8:05 P. M. . --S-
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agt.
H. R. JUDAH,
Asst. General Passenger AJx.
78
GAGE'S EYE IS ON
INSANE ASYLUMS
The Governor and the Mexican Preparing to
Fulfill a Senatorial Fight Contract.
California Insanity Law Neatly Amended for the Purpose, the
Personnel of Two Boards Will Be Adjusted, Heads
Will Fall and Obligations Be Paid,
A POST MORTEM examination of
the late Senatorial contest, held at
Sacramento and with Incidental off
shoots elsewhere, is at present go
ins- on and is not barren of results, like
wise odor. During the heat of battle
l>ani.-.l M. Eurns ofttimes stimulated the
waning enthusiasm of his adherents with
a story of c'tard up his sleeve which he
would sprlns at the opportune moment.
This card was accepted as half a hun
dred votes by his faithful rabble, but
when the opportunte moment came they
found that the card was just forty-nine
votes beneath their expectations, con
sisting solely and alone of the eminent
Dr. Marvin, Assemblyman, of Huml
] >r. Marvin's vote went to the Mexican
Bt the last ballot. Every Journalist and
politician in Sacramento knew that Mar
vin's vote belonged to Burns, and the
reason that it was not given him before
the closing hour supports a story, as yet
untold. 'he truth is that Dr. Marvin has
long been reaching out for the medical
suporintendency of the State Asylum
for the Insane, at Napa. This position.
It was generally known by the press, was
promised him by the Governor and his
patronage distributor. Daniel M. Burns.
Knowing thai the press was aware of
the promise made him, Marvin was fear
*f::l that an open tight for Burns, bacned
by his ballot cast at each call, would re
eult in an expose, so he held ii In re
serve, ready though to turn It over at
the signal from his master. Burns never
gained sufficiently, however, to warrant
dragging the Humboldt physician states
man into the open battle, but at th last
opportunity the order went out, and Mar
vin, obedient to the call, cast his vote for
Daniel M.
While Marvin thus stood ready to as
sist Hums there was creeping through
thrt Legislature an amendment to an act
through which the physician was to be
rewarded. This amendment was known
as an act to amend certain sections of
the California insanity law. The amend
ni'iit through which Marvin is, so he
was promised, to realize his ambition,
amounts to the insertion of four words
in section ?< of article 2 of the insanity
law; but it will result in a radical change
of the personnel of the Boards of M.m
agers of both Xapa and Agnews Asy
lums. As originally approved March 3>,
jV-7. the amended section reads:
','The managers, and their successors
appointed after the appointment and
classification made pursuant to the pre
ceding section, shall severally be ap
pointed by the Governor as ofton as a
vacancy fhall occur, or otherwise; and
they may severally continue in office un
til " their successors art appointed and
qualify, and thoy shall be subject to re
moval" by the Governor up^>n cause shown
and an Opportunity to be heard. No per
son shall be eligible to the office of man
ager who is either an elective State of
ficer or a member of the Legislature, and
If any such manager shall become a mem
ber of the Legislature or an elective State
officer, his office as manager shall be va
BOSS BUCKLEY
SADDLES UP AND
TOOTS HIS HORN
Openly Says He Is in
Politics.
A Fomfwhat startling development in
what promises to be a hot campaign full I
of surprises comes early in the shape of a j
bold announcement by Christopher A. j
Buckley to his followers that he is now j
openly in politics again, and that on Mon- j
day next "Democratic headquarters" will
be opened in the Baldwin Annex, now be
ins remodeled and repaired.
On Monday two nicely furnished suites
of rooms in the now fenced and blackened
Baldwin Annex will be open under the
(■upfrintendence of Alex Greg-gains, one j
of the "old guard" that has been loyal
through all th»-se years of Buckley adver-
Fity. Mr. Buckley is supposed to pay the :
bill?. The play, as indicated above, is to |
be that these are "Democratic headquar
ters, '' and a glad hand is to be kept
vibrating through a hole by the open door ]
day and night. "All Democrats" will be j
welcomed; even and possibly especially,
memoers of the Committee of One Hun
dred.
Th« Democratic Central Glub will soon
rural Glub will soon
be one of the Democratic storm centers.
Its rapidly growing membership has now
reached nearly 2<jOO. It is going to have a
high jinks at Pythian Castle this even
ing. •
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Lane is to be the chief speaker, and his
eubject will be "The Primary Law."
"Hon. Harry Mulcreavy" and other Jef
f«>rsonians are announced to speak before
und after the refreshments. After Mr.
Lane gets through a very important
resolution is to be introduced, with the
present supposition that it will be car
ried. This resolution will declare that
convention delegates should be nominated
by districts only, and it will vigorously
denounce any scheme to put up an "at
large" ticket for municipal convention
delegates, in whole or in part. The pro
pramrae then Involves administering a
vigorous kick at the leaders of the Com
mittee of One Hundred, who, as announced
in The Call, are scheming to beat the pri
mary law by such a ticket, which would
rob many districts of their proper repre
sentation.
Chairman Beth Mann has not yet for
mally called the meeting of the execu
tive committtee to consider the Heeney
appeal, but said yesterday that it would
be held within a few davit and that the
appeal, which involves the existence of
the Committee of One Hundred, was the
only reason for the meeting. Mr. Mann
thinks that his decision to call the meet
ing for »nis vital purpose baa been mis
understood, and in discussing the mat
ter yesterday aid, briefly:
"Th« ■ ■ seems to be a mistaken idea that
my calling the meeting is for the purpose,
on my part, of disturbing the Committee
of One Hundred. The fact is that the ex
ecutive committee postponed consideration
of tho appeal 'until after the Legislature
adjourns.' The Legislature has adjourned,
and in calling the committee together to
consider the appeal 1 am but performing
a mere ministerial duty, to which I am
bound in pursuance of the orders of th.«
committee. If I should fail to call the
committee together for this purpose it
might be charged that I had some ulterior
purpose and was in alliance with some
faction. I do not know what the com
inlUee will do with the appeal, of course.
1 disclaim any leaning to any faction, and
believe that factions should disappear at
the time of this Democratic opportunity.
and that a few Democrats should not get
together and refuse to recognize the rest
of the party as Democrats.
cant. If any manager fails for three
■ months to attend the regular meetings of
the board of which he is a member, un
less he be ill or Bent from the State,
I hts office shall be vacant, and the board,
by resolution, shall so declare, and a cer
tified copy of every such resolution shall
forthwith" be transmitted to the Gover
nor."
This act has been so amended that fol
lowing "No person shall be eligible to the
office of manager who is either an elec
tive" the words "or appointive" State of
ficer have been inserted, the same change
being made in reference to subsequent
coming Into a State office.
With this little change made in the law
Gage Is now ready to keep his contract
with Marvin. Frank L. Gould of Stock
; ton, a well-known and influential politi
cian, is slated to part from the board
of managers of Agnews. Gould is on the
Building and Loan Association commis
sion, being an appointive State officer.
With the dropping out of Gould, General
Barrett of Napa, present Bank Commis
sioner and member of the board of man
agers of Napa Insane Asylum, will step
; from the last named office. A Republican
will be appointed to till the vacancy and
then trouble will commence. Three Re
, publicans, or a majority of the boards of
both Napa and Agnews asylums, will
i then be in full power. Under the old law
j II was necessary that a four-fifths vote
I be cast against a resident physician be
fore he could be removed. With com
mendable foresight, this little matter has
1 been fixed up in the amendment so the
j section governing the removal of resident
asylum officers reads "Any medical su
perintendent or treasurer may be re
moved by a majority vote of the board of
; managers for cause." Doubtless cause
will be found and then the ax.
For some time trouble has been brew
\ ing around Dr. Gardner, present medical
I superintendent of Napa Insane Asylum,
and it seems that politics have so shaped
matters, or, rather. Burns has so shaped
politics, that he must go. Dr. Henni
of Napa. who is known as Gage's politi
cal adviser as to matters arising in the
fertile valley surrounding- his home, has
long been antagonistic to Dr. Gardner.
This makes matters i-ven more smiling
for Marvin, as it is being circulated
throughout the land that Hennessy will
us.' all his power to remove Gardner from
his present position. With Gardner out
and Marvin in as medical superintendent
the next move, it is said, will be to make
Dr. Stone of Marysville first assistant
superintendent.
These changes made attention will be
turned to Agnews. where Dr. Sponogle, a
Budd appointee, at present holds the up
per hand. With the change in the board
as stated Sponogle, it is said, will be re
lieved from office and Dr. Stocking, at
present first assistant medical superinten
dent of the asylum, will be .appointed to
fill the vacancy.
Th- amendment to the insanity law was
introduced by Mr. Raub. but Mr. Raub
is not accused of suggesting its introduc
tion. It shows the hand of Gage, and
through the hand the shadow of Burns.
It was an effort made on behalf of a
faithful ally; its purpose was not appar
ent to the legislators and it went through
and through it rewards will be distrib
uted.
MEXICAN DAN'S
SPURS JINGLE
IN HIS WRATH
Devoto and Dr. Lawlor
in Disfavor.
Colonel Dan Burns of Mexico, celebrated
from Cow Hollow to MSlpitas as one deep
ly learned In the political lore of the
i and other wiles, dealing more spe- l
cifically with the Senatorial problem, is
.i-T.v man. Verily the colonel is aid
ing the bucking broncho of wrath and fiery
I ation, and the jingle of his spurs
iror into the bosoms of his
henchmen.
Ie things the governor of Governor
Gage desired to keep quiet have leaked
out and others are in danger of leaking.
Burns intends to make an example of a
i few of the incautious "faithful" by verbal
vitriol used without stint, and the sur
! face of their understanding is already
I in a most scientific manner. Louis
roto and Dr. Lawlor, the prison phy
sician at San Quentin, are trembling !n !
, their shoes as a result and showing their '
\ penitence in every possible way. Their ;
ftats of tongue have caused all the uproar
in the camp of the Mexican gentleman
a re sorry.
Devoto was one of Burns' stanchest
rtera at Sacramento, and wh<
Legislature adjourned he was promised
. isition of Chief Food Inspector now i
h«-icl by James A. Dockery. On account
of the fact that Dockery has made so ef
ficient .1 public servant it was deemed de-
Birable to keep quiet the intention, to
place Devoto in the position as long an
possibU — to delay the storm until ft was
too late for the other aspirants for politi
cal plums to make any mischief by their
protests. But in his pride and Joy over
the welcome news Devoto imparted it to
a '"close friend" as a secret. The friend
also made somebody a confidant, and as
usual, the news got to The Call before an
organ of the "boss" had aji inkling of
what was going on.
Now Burns is tainting the atmosphere
with a thicker cloud of cigar smoke than
ever, increasing the aroma with a lot of
choice expletives and threats of what De
voto may expect wh.-n he sees him in
person. The latu-r has sent all kinds of
excuses to his chief, but so far has re
d the cold ear of silence.
Dr. Lawlor was to be made Health
Officer. Why. nobody seems to know,
unless it be that the physician was born to
ufnVo. He has held one fo long that his
ripht poems to be unquestioned. He also
tainted numerous friends with his
; good luck, and the apple is fast turning
to a Btone in his mouth. In fact, Lawlor
is mortally afraid that he "is done for "
But both Devoto and Lawlor have quit
their feats of tongue.
Bedding's May Queen.
REDDING. April Si. -Miss Edna Beh
rens, daughter of Sheriff C. H. Behrens,
was elected queen of May. The highest
votes were as follows: Edna Behrens
Redding, 12,614; Edith Ashfield, Redding!
Bessie Anderson, Iron Mountain'
Margaretta Davis, ECeswick 5034-'
Linnie Isaacs. Redding, 1791. The May
.• rclses will be held in Wlldwood
Park under the auspices of Court Castle
Rock of Foresters.
Mme. Calves Tombstone.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrißhted, IS9!>, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. April 25.— Mme. Emma Calve
has ordered a tombstone from M. Denys
Ruech. It represents Mme. Calve &s Ophe
lia drawn toward void by phantoms'
voices. It will be exhibited In 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
HE CUT HIS THROAT
UNDER A FLATCAR
HASKEL CANTROWITZ, the 20-year-old son of Heyman Cantrowitz of
514 Fuiton street, was found dead yesterday morning under a flatcar on
a sidetrack near the Southern Pacific railroad station at Colma, San
Mateo County, his throat cut from ear to ear. A bloody razor
clenched in a death grip in the right hand warranted the presumption that the
young man taken his own life. The body was found at 5 o'clock in the morn
a resident of Colma named Charles Sundima.n, who was walking along
the track, lie notified Deputy Coroner Cunningham at Baden. At an inquest
held later the jury returned a verdict of suicide. The remains were taken to
od City.
The identity of the suicide was established from a letter on his person, and
the members of his family in this city were notifl* d of tho fate that had over
taken him. They were at a loss to account for his act. one of them saying
that there was no known reason for it, as he had everything he desired. It is
ible, however, that the mind of the young man, who was a sufferer from
erysipelas and extremely sensitive, had become unbalanced from inability to
bis position. He was <riven a place Monday a week ago in the receiving
department of Weinstock, Lubin & Co., with the promise, if he proved capa
ble, of a permanent position. He had been employed by the firm in another
department during the busy holidays and at several other dry goods stores in
the city, and had given satisfaction. He did not appear, however, to be able
to fulfill the requirements of his new position and he was discharged last Sat
urday night. Monday morning he left his home and that is the last his family
saw or hoard of him until informed of his suicide.
U. S. GRANT IS
NOT DISTURBED
BY IDLE RUMOR
The San Diego States
man Is in Town.
Governor Gage has announced that he
Will appoint the three Paris Exposition
Commissioners as Boon as he returns to
Sacramento from the San Pedro Harbor
Jubilee. According to the story wired
to' this city the Commissioner from
Southern California will be a Grand
Army man. The inference is drawn there
fore that Major Ben C. Truman will be
appointed. lit- is a Grand Army com
rade who served under General George
H. Thomas with the Army of the Cum
berland. It is not called to mind that
there is any other aspirant of the order
In the field for this particular place,
hence the conclusion is strengthened that
-Major Ben will get the job.
At last accounts the major enjoyed the
friendship of Collls P. Huntingdon. When
other magnates of the Southern Pacific
consented to the scheme to oust the ma
jor from the literary department of the
company Huntingdon remained . loyal to
his old friend and carried his loyalty to
the extent of protesting against the sac
rifice of Truman. The late A. N. Towne
was another stanch admirer of the major
and never conceded that any one on this
side of the continent possessed a literary
style which surpassed that which the
major exhibited in the early numbers of
Del Monte Wave. When the Southern
Pacific threw down the major the Santa
Fe took him up and most likely the pro
gressive corporation has used Its Influ
ence in his behalf.
The story published a few days ago
that the Governor had appointed D. M.
Burns to be United States Senator from
California is not verified by the facts, as
no appointment has been made and none
will be made until the Senate renders a
decision in the Quay case. No doubt
the Governor will appoint Burns if he
finds that an appointee will be Heated.
The same railroad influence that was in
voked to procure the election of Burns
is doubtless employed to bring about his
appointment, but Gage will do nothing
but promise until the Senate acts on
Quays commission.
U. S. Grant arrived in the city from
San Diego yesterday morning and regis-
red at the Palace Hotel. During the
day he saw several of his leading sup
porters in the recent Senatorial campaign
at Sacramento. Grant is not at all dis
turbed by the rumor that Gage intends
to appoint Burns to fill tTie vacancy In
the Senate. He is not a candidate him
self for the honor of appointment by tne
Governor, and if he were then; is no cer
tainty that Gage would appoint him.
Nothing disturbs Mr. Grant. He is likely
to attain distinction in California as the
I great undisturbed. He will remain in
an Francisco for several days
Joseph L. Maude of Pasadena, the
•• founder of the Bureau of Highways, is
,In the city en route to Sacramento. He
is an aspirant for the office of Highway
Commissioner and has the indorsement
of very many members of the Legisla
ture. Among his indorsers are men who
voted for Grant and others who voted
for Burns. Aside from these, he has the
indorsement of many engineers. he
Commissioner to be appointed by Gov
ernor Gage will have a voice in direct
ing the disbursement of $55,000. The
Legislature appropriate $25,000 for a
wagon road from Placerville to Lake
Tahoe and also $25,000 for Mono road.
There Is a Federal appropriation of $5000
to explore for the 'site of a new road into
Yosemite Valley. This sum is to be ex
pended by a man appointed by the Sec
retary of the Interior to represent the
Geological Survey, an army officer ap
pointed by the Secretary of War and by
the California Commissioner of High
ways. -
A SUCCESSOR TO PRICE.
Sergeant Martin Seems in Line for
FollM Lieutenant.
One of the most important features
scheduled for the meeting of the Board i
of Police Commissioners this evening is :
the appointment of a lieutenant to suc
ceed Lieutenant Price, who was recently ,
reduced to a sergeant. There are only
two prominent candidates for the position.
Sergeant Christensen and Sergeant John
Martin.
The friends of both these men hava left
no stone unturned to advance the intoi
ests of their particular favorite, and opin
ion Is divided as regards the quahflcatioi'S
of the two men. So far ev»ry Indication
point? to the selection of Sergeant .Martin
for the lieutenancy.
The Presidio Biot.
Charles Leiska, P. Simmons and Arthur
Billings, the three soldiers convicted of
participating in the riot near the Presidio
when Rehl on ■was set on fire,
• Judge Graham fur sen
yesterday. As they were to embark
on a transport for Manila tn»- Judge post
poned sentence for a \v.-,-k bo that they
could go and fii- r h: for their country.
McKINLEY'S COAST VISIT.
Pressure of Official Business May-
Prevent the President's West
ern Tour.
President McKinley may not be able
after all to visit the Pacific Coast this
year. Some time ago it was announced
that the President was preparing to make
a tour of Inspection of the coast and to
visit most of the Important Western cit
ies. The authorities of several towns in
the State were outlining plans for a grand
reception, and it was accepted as a prac
tical certainty that the President would
come. It appears now, however, that the
President may not be able, owing to the
pressure of public business, to leave
Washington.
This information was received yester
day by a gentleman who had communi
cated with President McKinley to learn
his plans and his wishes. The letter was
answered by the assistant secretary- of
the President, and in part was as fol
lows:
"It is still quite uncertain whether the
pressure of public business will permit
the President to visit the Pacific Coast
this year, and as yet no plans whatever
have been made for such a trip."
This official announcement from the
household of the President himself settles
all further question In reference to the
matter. San Franciscans may not have
the pleasure of seeing the chief executive
this year.
« ♦ ■
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottle We Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bids.*
Lecture on the Philippines.
An interesting illustrated lecture will be
g-Jven by Douglas White, the war corre
spondent, at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium
next Friday evening. The lecturer will
deal with the Philippine Islands and will
relate many of the incidents of the late
war witnessed by himself while with Ad
miral Dewey and. with the 1ar..1 forces.
The lecture will be given for the bon-nl
of tln> United States Army and Navy
Christian Commission Association.
CURED IN TWO MONTHS!
Ties. Lanpn of Islet!, Gal., Is Cured and Gains 25 Pounds Alter Two Montlis 1
Use ef Dr. Saideii's Electric Belt.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
There Is nothing co penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing that will relieve weakness and pain as
speedily and surely as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It is simple, but grand. It assists nature by a general re-en-
forcement of the vital energy, by infusing a mild, invigorating current of electricity into the nerves and by
supplying the system with the very essence of nerve vigor and nerve strength. Dr. Sanden applies his belt in
a manner taught him by years of successful practice. Electricity applied properly is a grand remedy for all
weakness. If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back. Sciatica. Lumbago or weakness in the nerves or vital organs,
you ought to consult Dr. Sanden. He will tell you whether his belt will cure you and give you his advice free.
Call and test the powerful current this wonderful belt gives, and see how easily it is regulated. Don't be ig-
norant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. IF YOU CA\-
NOT CALL, SEND FOR DR. SANDEN'S FAMOUS BOOK, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weakness of
men; tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how electricity properly applied
will restore this power, and gives the proof. Send for it to-day. It is free. A call preferred. Call or address
the manager.
DR. M A MCLAUGHLIN 702 Market Street, Corner Keapny, San Francisco
" * 'or 204-W. South Broadway, Los Angeles.
Office Hours— B A. M. to B<3o P. M. Sundays 10 to I. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
CRIMMINS OUT
FOR DIRECTOR
HEAD'S SCALP
Would Deprive Him of All His
Chairmanships.
To-Night's Meeting Will Very Likely Change the
Old Balance of Power in the Board
of Education.
FROM the headquarters of Mr. Phillip
Crlrnmins the ukase has gone forth,
and unless publicity fihall change or
postpone for a time the plans of the
Board of Education, Director Edward
Head will to-night be shorn of the chair
manship of the Supplies Committee and
will be cut down from the same office on
the Evening Schools Committee.
Mr. Head, it is said, is to be relieved
for cause. The charges against him are
incorporated in a repor.t which is due to
be presented at the meeting of the board
this evening and which have been in
preparation for the past fortnight. The
Crimmins six on the board claim that
the decent element, frequently mentioned
as the "Club Five," will vote with them
for Mr. Head's dethronement.
The report will set forth that Head is
relieved of his executive prerogatives
because he has found not enough time
to properly administer the affairs of ftis
offices. The Supplies Committee is one
of the most important in the city's plan
of schools. To it come all the requisi
tions of the different principals for the
supplies necessary to their different
charges, and the chairman's days are
full in attending to them.
Mr. Head's duties as an employe of the
Spring Valley Water Company, so it is
paid, do not leave him sufficient time for
Supply Committee matters. The Evening
School Committee is of almost equal im
portance, and Mr. Head's Spring Valley
duties have apparently left him little
time for that, either, for the fact remains
that in the four months of his incum
bency he has rendered but one report]
and that upon evening school matters.
These art- the things, it is said, that
are to be charged against Mr. Head. At
any rate they will appear upon the re
port when that shall be rendered, and in
throwing him out of his position his fel
low members will find their excuse in
them.
It appears that Head's undoing is his
own, and it began when the present
board was organized last December. At
that time ho started to make the worst
of his splendid opportunities. The first
nlan of organization was promulgated by
Mr. Stow and it gave to the clean ele
ment on the board control of adminis
trative matters. Besides Mr. Stow as
president, Mr. Eels (D. ) was to be chair
man of the Classification Committee and
Mi Stow's best man In all board poll
tics. Stafford was to be chairman of the
Supplies Committee, Brandenstein of the
Committee on Rules and Holbrook was to
have the desk job on the Finance Com
mittee.
Mr. Stow's slate was made public on
an ill-chosen day and the Crimmins faction
had ample time to work up a scheme to
beat it. It chose Bcrgerot as its presi
dent and Armstrong. Kemp, Cole and
Gedge for the chairmanships. In neither
one of these schedules was Head consid
ered, and between the two he was left
NETTIE R. CRAVEN
RENEWS HER FIGHT
HER FIRST APPLICATION IS
TAKEN UP.
Fair Will Executors Object to a
Complaint in Intervention
Being Filed by the
Claimant.
Mrs. Nettle R. Craven opened her fight
yesterday before Judge Troutt for the
widow's share of the estate of the late
James G. Fair. The majority of the
lawyers associated with various wings of
the litigation and representing the ma
jority of heirs and claimants appeared at
the opening of court in response to the
order of Judge Troutt. made on the 20th
inst., requiring James S. Angus and
Thomas G. Crothers, executors of the
will of the deceased capitalist, to appear
yesterday and' show cause why leave to
hie a complaint in intervention in the
contest instituted by Charles L. Fair to
his father's will should not be granted
to Mrs. Nettie R. Craven.
Pierson and Mitchell appeared for the
executors Garret McEnerney for various
heirs. Knight and Hoggerty for Charles
I, Fair and \V. W. Foote and Densnn,
Oatman' & Denson for Mrs. Craven. The
argument of the issues of law involved
There are over 10,000 men who sing the praises
of Dr. Sanden. They are men who have been lifted
to the highest pinnacle of manly vigor by his famous
Electric Belt. They are to be found in every town
and hamlet in the West. There is not a town on the
Pacific Coast but has from one to twenty cures by
this great strengthen There must be something in a
system of treatment that can show such cures as this:
PR. A. T. SANPEN-Dear Sir: I feel it my fluty IS to et mak! a Xn nntt t thO he C re m ar a kkble
results I have received from the use of your Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Thp rl
suits I have received from the use of the Belt have been wonderful, as I have gained
over twenty-five pounds, going from US to 178. and feel better to-day than I hivp
for yeans. I have gradually got rid of my weakness, and have grown stronger and feel-
ing better every day. To-day I can do any kind of hard work without feel^nir
fatigued, and have more energy and ambition than I have had for years I fee!
very grateful for the change the Relt has made In me. and will always recommend
It. for lam convinced that It Is superior In every way to drugs You ran use thii
letter as you see fit, and hope It will repay you In part for the Interest vouhav.
taken In my case. With best wishes. I am yours, very truly, THOS LANGON
holding the balance of power and there .
was much speculation as to which siae
he would lean. It was the Crimmins side,
and he made his price the chairmanship .
of the Supplies and Evening Schools com
mittees. These were given him and Head j
became at once a ruling power on tne
board. „, ,
.-a the same time Superintendent \\ co-
Bter Bhowed his kindly feeling for the In
fluential Mr. Crimmins by giving to him
the appointment of the secretary. Mr,
Webster waa considered a more valuable
yeoman by the astute Crimmiiis than
even Mr. Head, and therein lay .Mr.
Head's opportunity to dig as rapidly as .
ho might his own political grave. He j
took advantage of It by "going up
against" Superintendent Webster and his
executive policy at every time opportun
ity offered.
Head claimed publicly that Webster
was usurping the functions of members of
the board, and suggested that if the one
man power were to be inaugurated
it be done at once and Webster be given
free rein. For a time Webster appar
ently did what Head accused him of, but i
only for the reason that it waa the policy ,
of the board to let him go on until the ;
members had sufficient knowledge of af
fairs to do business by themselves. As a j
momlier of the previous board, however,
Head thought there was some considera
tion due his experience, and he fought
Webster at every turn, notwithstanding i
they both acknowledged the same mas- i
ter, until linally the Crimmins people :
tired of it and warned him against any
further attempts at making political cap- !
ital by fighting the Superintendent.
The warning went unheeded, and Head
went so far as to arbitrarily order closed
a number of the evening schools. Web
ster would not stand such action, anu
at the next meeting the board backed ,
him up by reopening the schools in the
face of strong opposition by Head. Then
it developed that Head was not giving
his public duties the time they required,
and Webster complained that he was
withholding needed supplies from him,
even to the postage stamps necessary to
the business of his office. That completed i
Head's alienation from the Crimmins !
crowd. The other side had no use for |
him, and he was given the tip that he j
was to be ousted. A committee headed ;
by President Bergerot took up his duties \
and made needed inspections of the even-
Ing BChools, and is now ready to report, j
Since then Head has spent the better part
of his time in a vain attempt to square |
himself with his political chaperon, Crim
mins.
It was of no avail, however, for yester
day the plan for his undoing was com- !
pleted, and the resolutions that are to re
move him were made ready for presenta- i
tion to-night if the time shall prove pro
pitious. For once the board have united '
on one project, and the votes of all of
them, so it is claimed, will be cast in the i
affirmative in the prescmt case. If it ac
complishes nothing else it will give the |
clean faction an opportunity to regain :
their ascendency in board matters, and '
the fight bids fair to be a warm one.
did not proceed as expected. A continu
ance was requested on behalf of the ex
ecutors, hut would not be consented to
by -Mrs. Craven's lawyers until they were
assured that the contest instituted by
Charles L. Fair would not be withdrawn
uni.l such time as argument could be had
regarding Mrs. Craven's right to tile a
complaint for intenvention. This was
agreed to and the case was continued un
til a week from Friday.
The issues upon which the executors
will combat Mrs. Craven's application to
flic her complaint were then made known.
Written application was filed .by the exe
cutors on the ground that the proceed
ing instituted by Charles L. Fair to con
test the validity of the will is a special
proceeding and the law does not author
ize an intervention in such actions; that
it does not appear that Mrs. Craven has
such an interest in the matter In litiga
tion as will entitle her to Intervene
therein, and that the time allowed by law
in which to file such complaint has ex
pired.
Upon these grounds the opposition will
make its fight to prevent Sirs. Craven
breaking into the case instituted by her
alleged stepson, but witn what success
remains to be seen.
Ocean .7ater Tub Baths.
101 Seventh st., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
Sons of Temperance.
At the session of the Grand Division of
the Sons of Temperance, held yesterday, j
the following officers were elected for the j
.i urrf-nt term: William Crowhurst of ;
■ Oakland, grand worthy patriarch; H. i
I C. Newman of San Jose, grand worthy j
associate; Mrs. M. Irving of San
Francisco, grand treastu I Jessie
C Duncan, grand scribe; E. C. Am
Berkeley, grand chaplain: Mrs. Harriett
S.Tayntiri.' of Berkeley, grand cond .
Mis "M. J. Avery ol San Francisco, grand
nel; Mrs. E. I. ' 'ollin of i
superintendent of juvenile work,
1 > Wilson, 11. C. Newman, B. C. A i
T. Walker and R. J. Hunter, grand
trustees.
In the Divorce Court.
Suit? for divorce have been filed by
Hannah Thorsen asrainst Christian Thor
sen for failure Alma B.
Sarkisoff against Alexander Sarkisoff,
ruelty, and H. A. Clark against Su
san Clark, for failure to pr->vM--.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Man's Fortune
Is his health, strength, vigor and
courage. If he is a puny weakling,
tired and weary from morning till
night, he does not know the joy of
living.
Why not be strong and healthy?
There's money in it — success and
happiness.
DR. MEYERS & CO,,
The famous Specialists, restore v c-
tims of nervous debility, whether
the trouble has been brought on
by overwork, worry errors or ex-
cesses.
DR. MEYERS & CO. began
their successful career as Special-
ists for all diseases and weakness
of men more than 18 years ago.
Theic practice is now more exten-
sive than ever. They have the
largest and best equipped medi-
cal institution in America. Their
prices are within the reach of a n
TERMS OFTREATMENT.
"We have such faith in our ability
that we will let patients deposit the
price of a cure in any bank or with
any responsible business house or
newspaper in San Francisco, to be
paid to us only when cure is made.
If preferred, we will accept monthly
installments.
(Signed), DR. MEYERS & CO."
contracteFailments.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure these
ailments, including malignant con-
tagious biood poison, quickly and
permanently, at any stage They
do not resort to electricity or
other dangerous stimulants, or use
mercurial or poisonous drugs.
FREE BOOKHiOME CURES.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and
restore a great many men every
year without seeing them. Suffer-
ers who cannot call should write
for their book, "Private Coun-
selor/or Men," symptom blanks,
prices and full particulars of their
wonderful Home-Cure system.
AH Correspondence Confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market St., S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
Daily, g to S.
HOURS Evenings, 7 to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11.
I DR PIERCES '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL _ i)
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD. B.IVER.LUNGS;
9/vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvwv/vvvvvvvvu
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
I A PERMANENT CURE I
]i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
i* and Gleet, gnaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
1 1 days ;no other treatment required. S
1 1 Sold by all drnggistß. 5
T}|STTCJTT|7C! FOR BARBERS. BAK-
OXIU OXIJ-iO '«. bootblacks, bath-
houses. billiard tsblsj,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. cann?r»»
«yers. flourmllls. foundries, laundries. pap«r>
bankers, printers, painters, shoa factor!;*.
stablemen. tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors. «tt
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*, 609 Sacrament* 31
DR.M9NULTY.
, WELL-KNOWN AND HELTA OT.D
; J. Specialist curt* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
: eases Oi Men only. Book on. Private .Diseases and
; Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 10y're» experience
| Patientscuredat Home. Terms reasonable Hours')
j to3daliy:&3otoS::» ev'gg. Sumiavs, 10 toll. Consul-
I tation free aud sacredly confidential. CaU.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE McXI'LTY, M.D.
26)4 Seamy St., San Francisco. Cnl.
IA/. X. HESS.
ITOTABT PUBLIO AND ATTORNST-AT LAW,
1 XcnUi Floor. Room 1015. Uaua Spreckel* iiills.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence. SSI California M., below Powell.
; fan Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL;
I $1 per Year.NAVAL OFFICERS
WILL COMMAND
THE TRANSPORTS
Capt. Lombard Takes
the Morgan City.
FOR GRAIN-CARRYING SHIPS
A FRENCH DECISION FOLLOWS
THE AMERICAN LAW.
Captain Gage of the Al-Ki Now Has
the Walla Walla — George Dry
den Appointed Assistant
Chief Wharfinger.
Captain John E. Lombard went out in
command of the Morgan City last night, \
vice Captain Dillon, who has retired. Cap
tain Lombard is well known on the coast,
having made his home here for several
years. He Is a native of Maine and en
tered the merchant marine when quite a j
boy. On the outbreak of the Civil War (
he enlisted in the navy and was in the!
Jleet commanded by Admiral Farrag\it. He
was in several actions, including that of
New Orleans, and was wounded in the leg '
at Fort St. Philip. At the close of the war i
ho was retained In the navy, but resigned
some years ago. Tho captain saw service j
in the Spanish war, being at the battle of
Manila as executive officer of the U. S. S. :
Kaleigh.
Captain Lombard holds the rank of lieu
tenant In the navy.
The other officers of the Morgan City
are: First mate, Thomas P. Dorris second
mate, Kenealy, and third mate, Peter Ole
sen. The transport sailed for Manila late
yesterday afternoon with some tXXt recruits
and lifteten civilians.
Captain Stenhouse of the British ship
Talus when at Havre, France, with a car- !
go ot" wheat became involved In a law suit, |
which is of interest to all masters of ves
sels carrying rain to foreign ports. Ac
cording to the custom, the sacks contain
ing; the wheat had been cut so that the i
grain would run down and till all the in- |
terstices, making the cargo into a solid
mass and thus prevent it from shifting.
The merchants to whom the wheat had
been consigned brought suit against Cap
tain Stenhouse for damage to the wheat
and also to the sacks. The sacks, they
claimed; had been shipped in good condi
tion and on arrival had been found cut.
causing the loss of grain. Thereupon they ;
brought suit against Captain Stenhouse
tor one franc for each short sack and BuO
iranc= for sacks damaged, or 4100 francs '
In all. The Judge rendered a decision in
favor of the merchants and based his de
cision on a judgment given in a case sim
ilar to this one In the United States and
tried in ISO 3.
Captain J. T. Gage has been given com
mand of the steamer Walla Walla, owned
by the Puclllc Coast Steamship Company.
ll'iS appointment comes in the nature of a
surprise. It will be remembered that Cap
tain Gage commanded the steamer Al-Ivi,
which had a collision with the steamer
Homer in Seattle. The Homer was com
manded by Captain Jessen. The Seattle
inspectors'held that Jessen was liable and
Gage was not In fault. Then the case
was submitted to the San Francisco in
spectors, with the result that the former
decision was overruled, Jesßen was exon
erated and Gage was supposed to lose his
license for six months. Now J. T. Gage
has been given command of the steamer
Walla Walla.
The City of Papeete arrived yesterday
from Tahiti in the remarkably long pas-
Face of forty-three and a half days. She
generally makes the voyage In thirty
three to thirty-four days. The Papeete
brought up the largest load of copra that
has ever been received here, the amount
of copra arriving representing the shred
ding of from 40,000,000 to 50,'j00.000 cocoa
nuts. Everything is reported quiet in
Tahiti. The war scare has long since
passed away, and it is said that the Gov
ernor of the islands has received a severe
reprimand for his action in placing the
town of Tahiti in a posture of defense.
It will be rem.-mbered that the Governor
actually believed that war had broken out
between England and France and so pre
pared for a vigorous defense against the
attack of English war vessels. He brought
the French gunboat alongside the quay,
dismounted her guns, placed them on the
heights, issued rations for ninety days to
the Inhabitants and established interior
lines of defense against the enemy that
never came. His patriotism has resulted
In a severe official wigging.
Captain P. N. Stofen of the United
States engineer vessel Tosemite is re
celving the congratulations of his friends
along 'he front and elsewhere. A rela
tive of his wife died in Germany recently,
• leaving Mrs. Stofen a small matter of $30,
--000. Captain and Mrs. Stofen left for Ger
many a couple of days ago to gather in I
the legacy.
Thp transports Ohio and Senator are
scheduled to leave to-morrow for Ma
nila.
Captain Martinson, who lately com
mand'-d the schooner Snow and Bur
gess, has been appointed to the command
of ihe schooner Queen, vice Captain
Jonch.
Captain Hansen takes the command of
tho bark Agate.
The Harbor CommlFPionors held a short
session yw-terday and appointed George
11. S. Dryden to temporarily succeeed
Harry S. Scott as assistant chief wharf -
ingt-r. All the Commissioners spoke very
highly of Mr. Scott and felt sorry to lose
him. Mr. Dryden has been wharfinger at
Main street for over four years and has
proved himself to be a thoroughly effi
cient officer. He is well liked and should
make a good assistant chief. Mr. Scott
lias resigned the position to accept the
place of superintendent of docks in the
TTnitPd States transport service. W. 11.
Merrill was appointed wharfinger at How
ard street to succeed George B. Clifford,
time expired.
The steam schooner Alcatraz, while
backing out from Main street yesterday,
ran into the steamer Newsboy. The lat
ter lost part of her guard, but the Alca
trsz was not very much damaged.
WOULD BE A" CITIZEN.
Look Poy, a Dentist, to Ask That He
Be Naturalized Two Years
Hence,
tter known as "Jim" Poy,
• 'I'-ni ist, dr-.sires to becomr an
citizen if the law will aliow
Mm to do so, and in order to carry out
IT] he 'mployed Attorneys D. T.
■in and Oforpre O'Byrne to assist
In filing his declaration <>f intention,
resided in San Frnneisc» fur
twenty-flve years continuously. He
• s in the American fashion, wears
his hair short and conforms to the us
vilized Caucasian nations. He
f-'ik the necessary oath yesterday before
i States District Court Clerk
, which inclu'lf-d a declaration of
I'm to forswear his allegiance to
mperor of China, and to be
come a citiz'-n of tho T'nited States of i
America. Two years hence he will apply I
to the court for citizenship, and the ques- j
tion as to whether a native of China of ■
Chinese blood can be admitted to citi
zenship will be put in issue.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
POSTUM FOOD COFFEE.
Ordinary coffee agrees perfectly with
some people and with others it does
not. It is the bidden and unsuspected
cause of numberless stubborn ails. To
it off for ten days means a relief
In such cases. Take on Postum Cereal
Food <'offee and enjoy your hot morn-
ing cup. The food elements serv* to
Idy and surely rebuild the broken
down nerve centers. 15 and 26 cents
lit grocerf
POPULAR ENTHUSIASM AROUSED OVER
THE EXTENSION OF THE PANHANDLE
Thousands of Workmen, Laborers, Artisans and Me
chanics Will Find Employment in the Gigantic
Undertaking to Improve the City.
MAP OF THE PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE PARK PANHANDLE.
FROM present indications it will
be impossible to hold a special
bond election before next De
cember to determine whether or
not the people of the city wish
an elaborate municipal system of sew
ers, adequate public buildings, hos
pitals and the extension of the pan
handle of Golden Gate Park to Van
Ness avenue. The preliminary work of
preparation for such an election is mi
i tricate and cannot be hastened, al
though the local authorities are work
ing as rapidly as possible. Plans, speci
fications, estimates and rough ap
praisements must be made before the
election can, under the law, be held.
Public sentiment Is rapidly crystalliz
ing into an eager advocacy of the pro
posed improvements, particularly that
of the extension of the panhandle.
This support is being given more es
pecially by the generality of the people,
by men and women of the middle
classes, by those in moderate circum
stances and the poor. To these classes,
who constitute the great bulk of the
population of San Francisco, the ex
tension of the panhandle means an
inestimable benefit as yet but poorly
understood even by those who value it
most.
The tremendous undertaking which
the Mayor and the Board of Supervis
ors are projecting is meeting also with
the favor of the residents' of the out-
Bide districts, who will be benefited by
the accession of new sewers, hospitals
and other incidental improvements.
The extension of the panhandle appeals
particularly to the people In the inside
districts. Those living south of Market
street, down town as well as in the
Mission, will be benefited quite as much
as those residing north of Market
street.
For people In every part of the city j
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEIL 26, 1899.
a new park domain will be created for
recreation, enjoyment, fresh air and
health. An erroneous opinion seems to
have gained some currency that the
extension of the panhandle will mean
simply that those who can afford to
drive to Golden Gate Park will have a
longer drive and that people who need
a park will be neglected. This Is alto
gether an error. Whatever objection
has been made to the extension of the
panhandle has come from wealthy men
who balk at a public Improvement
when that improvement touches their
pockets. These men look upon the pan
handle as It exists now from Stanyan
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
Hnnyadi Janos
KATUIIAL APERIENT WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadl Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER/
Budapest.
street to Baker street as a necessary
evil. Most of them do not utilize it on
their way to the park, but drive out
Fell street.
They are not concerned, therefore, in
having the panhandle extended and
they have not been Blow to utter a
protest because the proposed extension
will cost them a considerable sum of
money. They are not concerned in the
fact that the tremendous undertaking
of extending the panhandle will give
thousands of workmen, laborers, arti
sans and mechanics employment for
years. It will take time and money to
effect the great change and to trans
form a little city Into a great garden.
This money will be paid to the very
men for whose benefit the new park is
to be created and the coin will be paid
very larg* ly by the men who drive now
in their splendid teams to Golden Gate
Park.
In order that the character of the
change to be. made by the proposed ex
tension of the panhandle may be
thoroughly understood a map of the
projected improvement is published
this morning. The present panhandle
begins at Stanyan street' and ends at
Baker street. The extension from that
point to Van Ness avenue between
Oak and Fell streets is natural and in
a straight line. Long before the city
was what it is now such an extension
was planned and advocated. "When the
site of the City Hall was a cemetery
the creators of Golden Gate Park, with
almost prophetic vision, saw that some
day Golden Gate Park must start in
the very heart of the city and then take
its direct course to the ocean beach.
But these men had to fight stubborn
ly for years to get Golden Gate Park,
and at last they were forced to give
way and sacrifice the splendid park
that would have begun at Stanyan
street and ended at the City Hall. Only
the strip from Stanyan to Baker was
saved and it remains to-day to show
what the people of the city ought to do.
Under the proposed plan of extension
the new panhandle will bo in every
sense a great and beautiful park. It
will be ample to provide occupation for
the thousands that now seek Golden
Gate Park. It will be adorned with
statuary, fountains, arbors and a floral
wealth which has made Golden Gate
Park one of the great garden spots of
the world. In every sense it will be a
park stretching block after block
toward the west untjl it broadens out
into the splendid domain of the park
proper.
It is this prospect which has caught
and will hold popular enthusiasm until
the day when with ballots the voters
of the city decide to make the prospect
a reality and to acquire a new recrea
tion ground which will be without
parallel among the cities of America
and perhaps of the world.
TO ASSESS GOODS NOT
HERETOFORE TAXED
ADVISORY EXPERT PLATT TO
SUBMIT HIS REPORT.
Personal Property Assessment Com
mittee of the Supervisors Will
Meet To-Bay to Take Offi
cial Action.
The personal property assessment
committee of the Board of Supervisors
will hold a meeting to-day in order to
hear the report of Advisory Expert Al
fred G. Platt regarding certain property
which has heretofore escaped taxation.
Mr. Platt will submit a tabulated state
ment of such properties and the commit
tee will decide whether it will be advis
able to turn the data over to Assessor
Dodge or submit it to the Board of
Equalization, which meets on the first
Monday In July.
Mr. I'latt Js extremely desirous of act- !
ing in harmony with the Assessor, al
though the latter declined to appoint him
as a deputy In order to arrive at the con
clusions which he has embodied in his
report to the committee. The Assessor
has everything in hand at the present S
time with regard to assessments, and Air. i
]'!;Ut's duties consisted in learning how I
much property has missed being taxed.
Should the report be turned over to the
BOr he ran make the additional as- I
sessmonts accordingly, lie Is liable un
der under his bond if he does not make
a proper asw ssment, and the informa
tion of Mr. Platt will puido him in arriv
ing at correct valuations. Mr. l'latt's re
will be a comprehensive review of
the situation.
In regard to merchandise in bond, the
opinion which was recently handed down
by the City and County Attorney is rath
er equivocal, and it is difficult to iix the
taxation on such goods in the hands of
the original importer and in the original
packages. As soon as a package is brok- j
en, however, it enters Into the merchan- !
dlse of the State and as such must be
taxed.
In the case of goods bottled In bond
they would come under the head of pri
vate bonded warehouses and as such
would bo taxable. In the matter of whis
kies withdrawn from the internal reve
nue bonded warehouse In Kentucky, for
example, and exported for sale in foreign
markets and brought back to the United
a and placed in a bonded warehouse
at a port of entry, It is held that g
of that class are not in the strict sense
Imported from a foreign country and in
fact are not treated as such by the Gov
ernment, which exacts only the internal
revenue tax and not the duty imposed on
foreign liquors. This point has not as
yet been definitely settled by the Su
premo Court, but the contention is that
such reimported liquors should be taxed
as personal property.
The national banks come in for a share
of Mr. Platt's attention in his report. The
act regulating their operations provides
that such banks shall be obliged to invest
in Government bonds to the extent of 90
per cent of their circulating issue. This is
a technical loan to the Government, and if
the funds cannot be taxed the shares of
Btock earning dividends can be. Mr. Platt
is now tabulating the reports filed by the
national banks with tho Bank Commission
en March 4 with a view to assessing on
something more than the franchises, on
which they have only paid taxes in the
past.
With regard to the premiums outstand
ing and in process or collection by fire,
marine and lifo insurance companies in
corporated j n foreign countries. It is ex
pected that largo revenues will bo derived
therefrom, if they are held to be solvent
( redlts. It is a fact that $6,000,000 are sent
away from the Pacific Coast every year
which never pays a cent of tax. Consid
ering that the lire insurance companies
have suffered only a 28 per cent loss ratio
during the past twenty years, it seems but
fair that they should bo compelled to bear
the slight burden of V/ 2 per cent taxation
for State purposes. They reap the benefits
of fire, police, judiciary and other pro
tections, but have never contributed to
their maintenance', at least by paying tax
es on what are held to be solvent credits.
POOL-SELLING CASES.
The Batch in Judge Conlan's Court
Are Continued Till May 10 to
Be Set.
The cases of H. L. Jones and others, ar
rested at the racetrack for violating the
new poolselling ordinance, were called in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday to be set
for trial. Chief Lees and Captain Witt
man were in court.
Attorney Ach, for the defendants, moved
that the cases be continued for a year,
as there would be no more racing at the
Ingleslde track, but Prosecuting Attorney
Low retorted that such a motion was
ridiculous, and the Judge promptly re
fused It. After argument the Jones case
was continued till May 10 to be set.
The Judge, in speaking of the matter
later, said: "I was willing at the first call
ing of the cases to try onft, but the police
told me that as the arrests were made on
the second day the cases in my court were
not so strong as those in Judge Mogan's
court, and they wanted mine continued,
which has been done from time to time.
To my surprise, the police came into my
court this morning and said they were
ready to proceed and asked that the casea
be set. I am going on my annual vaca
tion at the end of the month and there
foro cannot try the rases, but I have set
them for May iv and the pollco can got an
other Judge to come into my court and
try them. Judge Low had never been con
sulted by an official of the Police Depart
ment frc-m the first calling of the cases."
Secretary Freud Will Lecture.
J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, will speak on "Civil
Service in Public Office" before Liberty-
Branch of the Socialist Labor party at
the Temple, 117 Turk street, this evening.
ADV^RTISEUIEIITS. '
t L+\ IUvIIVV *
2 LETTERS TO MR* PsNBiNAM FROM WOMEN <C
J^ RELIEVED OF SUFFERING: X
& Mrs. George Osmun, of Belvidere,Warren Co., N.J.,writes:
" Suffering as I had from weakness, irregularities and back- *h
Ji ache for several years, a release from this suffering was a
XT blessing. Oh ! how I wish more suffering women would accept W
your kind offer and be relieved. There is no need for women *p
f^ to suffer. Mrs. Pinkham's advice and Lydia E. Pinkham's 2&
'a Vegetable Compound will relieve
\ Mrs. Ida Peters, Milan.Term., "/£ j^^pN^^^S Bi
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham — When I ll^l^^^^ /^S>^^w^/
A) v;rote to you the first time asking . > V§§3fi|&4 *" j^
your advice I was a great sufferer. \sP^| *O& $$$&/'
XT Menstruations were irregular, ij^3^& *"€* MsjzP*,iiiii
9 sometimes a week too soon and I^E^lv ""^/W^^m^
£ then a week or two late, and when /j4^^^^ J w ■B. 1 ' #
jl they appeared were very profuse *' K« I/V?'''
V* great pain anc tenderness in the - '/^^^v'^^ t^^^ >
&P bowels, pain in back and limbs, -^r^ ,*?'*
g& : ■ leucorrhcea all the time. I was g >^°°« si ' c> o ° j |^i'' <) ' to 9l "^eL
y. ' weak and nervous and had no S°* >^y^^^^^
your reply and followed all your S p'ft-^sf $M
x[ instructions and now lam cured. ° fflp ~^ JM£^§ib % %
§? I owe my recovery all to Mrs. |' ' |V(? V^^^^^' c w
Pinkham's advice and her v/onder- S I r^" - <p^i^^ / 1%
v^ Mrs. Maggie P. Stine, New 1
"I have suffered with terrible |
backache in the small of my back jffiSWBfIBBBBI
T^ for about seven years, and could Av^jjlß B^^^S
(V never get anything to help me. *,iti ! Si^afc^^/fl
g I tried several physicians, but
X found no help. I have now taken
three bottles of Lydia E. Pink- MP^l^^g
ham's Vegetable Compound, and J|||l?|| 1
fc feel like a different woman." §§^^^tw^^^ *~MMS&
J nrs. K. A., 124 Cedar Street, '''fW-^&sf^/ \il.
Owosso, nich., writes: Y-^^^ V p *^ «^
!|V • ' Nearly three years ago I wrote ,-^y
\£. to you asking advice in regard ~~1 J _--<**M^^
to my health. I was so miserable ; $5-7 l| \ , TO
MF suffered from painful menstru- t L^ **/[{// I^Ot ''1 '^Sw!^ v * r- *
v ation and backache, was nervous, ///^la *' [Wr^^l^y
gk dizzy and faint. I received such t. /y^ '^H^J^ttffifyjij?'
a kind letter from you, telling me H«^
IV* just what to do. I followed your WtlM^
& advice and I now am recommend- it 1 /^ fe-^
ing Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- l&k&^r^ a
table Compound. I thank God _^P^jr y^^^^S!gg>i
for this pain destroyer." }%I^r
x) A7rs. Pinkham Saves yti 0 jjll 'jlr
Mrs. McDaniels 9 Life. *^F ««^
/^ Nearly all the time for seven ffiiMj^
js years I was confined to my room. *&s
tT I consulted the best doctors in X
I my town, and tried almost every- *WST|[ >^r/iM'\/ a »^ \!^^'
:jk received no lasting benefit. My » x^3-« <j^^^ '^Sst(
V** whole body was diseased, and '^C-/ >Jtg£&Bx\ *^o k
& the pains I suffered no tongue * ftiiJfftfflP^r^^t'lt * «*r^\
fi can tell. I believe there is not JP§S <?Yf
jl a pain that any woman ever wßffEy^S Bk>^R^ ,VX
1F - suffered but what I have had. M^^^^^^^^^^i'-"
& I was troubled with backache, "^K. *^l^^^^^
nervousness, a burning and con- "^7 v V7^9^^'
stant distress in the stomach, AL*» B^V\
IT painful menstruation, leucorrhcea, • , / V Bft^V
& and at times very bad headaches. fSsimm mk S K',*
At last seeing your remedies fflW^^fe(jC^^^^K^ *
so highly recommended I decided . |lf|^^^^^{^
to try them, and to write to you -~Svk
ffl concerning my troubles. 2^/^^^ _^s=^^S§^l
IJh C) After receiving your letter of *v ///^^ II
X. advice, I followed your directions \xAJyy^^]\ » C<J^ Jj^'
and have now taken four bottles *l i Q» / i& t0 & J % &
gfo of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable "^ *^ a ? Tm^ r ++' £
£ Compound, one of Blood Purifier, one-half box of Liver Pills, *~ J&
yr and one and one-half packages of Sanative Wash, and can say
that I feel like a new person. I think I should not have
*9 been on this earth now, had it not been for your medicine. 4)
]X I cannot thank you enough for your advice to me and your
V* wonderful medicine."— Mrs. Georgia McDaniels, Viewficlds, 9
0 South Dakota.
■%[ )4' Mrs. Pinkham's advice is promptly given ?
jjT without charge to all suffering women who T[
write to her at Lynn, Mass, for aid.
She has helped thousands — may she not
IP help you? •**«*«w« i : W
? More Than a Million Women Have Been £
Helped by Mrs. Pinkham's Advice S
Land Medicine, #
! / W^ Ji I f V Baja California
r:VllihiF:fßaiß DAMIANA BITTERS
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by }* or V e °Sa\ a a p nd rod u^ry and orir s lfl o of0 f bSg
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER ' sssw 1^ great remedy for diseases ot th*
ESP C S C GAKcllto. Of rUWDER \ kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative.
LOI IU U UIUnilL.l ILO| Ul lUIIUL.II ! Invlsorator ana Nervine. Sells on its own
Paris, J. EBPIO ; New York, E. FOUGERA & 00. j Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
BOLD BY MA. DRUGGISTS. j m MrSt^V^F.-S
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Mexican Dollars higher.
Silver continues to advance.
New York exchange declined.
Wheat futures lower.
Other cereals stand the satna.
Hay and Feedstuff as before.
Beans quiet and generally easy.
Oregon Potatoes lower.
Onions weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter In good supply. Eggs weak.
Poultry rather easier.
Cherries sold more slowly.
Limes advanced again.
Lemons and Oranges quiet.
Dried Fruit In good demand and firm.
Raisins, Honey and Nuts quiet.
Cured Meats firm.
Oregon Hi ps contracting at 10c.
Fair sales if Wool.
Hides and Tallow quiet.
Hogs scarce and firm.
Beef, Mutton and Veal steady.
Oils unchanged.
Larger Imports of specie.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port during the
first quarter of 1899 were (6,960.509, against
$5 ESS, 3IS during the same time in 1898. as
follows: Gold bullion. $223,982; gold coin.
56,203,037: silver bullion, 1399,032; silver coin.
$124 858 The bulk of these imports came from
Australia, In the snape of $6,203.23: in gold
coin.
COPPER TRADE.
Henry R. Merton & Co. of London esti
mate the stock of copper in England and
Franc* and afloat thereto from Chile and Aus
tralia as follows at the close of March In each
3Par: Price. Tons.
IS9T £4? 17s 6d 33.224
itoj 60 17 6 25.0.3
lm .■.;..;.;"..:.""!;..... 70 0 0 28,497
FRUIT AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
California!] fruits are steady, says the Lon
don Grocers' Gazette, but with supplies mostly
cut of first hands, and with the wholesale
and retail trade getting deliveries of their
previous purchases, transactions are not num
erous. Business in salmon has been rather ills
appointing, end the principal portion of ar
rivals are belnt; stored for demand, which is
likely to arise with tiner weather. a fairly
pood trade has continued in half-pound tins,
and supplies are being distributed to retailers.
Prices are well maintained.
DRIED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial Advertiser cays:
••Raisins are unchanged. There is a mod
erate demand for all descriptions of California
poods, but no large sales have been reported
this week. Occasional car lots are taken, but
in the main buyers content .themselves with
small lots. Foreign, raisins are dull, and or
ders are limited to small requests to cover
urgent needs of retailers.
"Prunes are steady. Prices tend upward on
best qualities. The lnsiite price for Santa
Claras, basis for four sizes. is said to be
3\c with some holders asking 7 -« c. A 4c
market is in sight, according to private ad
vices received from California. Spot prices re
main steady at quotations with upward ten
dency on all best grades. Oregon Italians ap
pear to be more wanted, and prices are well
maintained.
"Peaches meet restricted demand because of
high prices. Consumers want peaches, but
present figures ate much too stiff to attract
liberal buying.
"Apricots are unchanged. Holders are not es
pecially anxious to dispose of holdings, and
Btlck closely to published prices. Sales are
comparatively few. ■.'■'..''■ only for small lots."
THE OUTLOOK FOR WHEAT.
The Toledo Market Report says: "It is
not a. "bullish" feature that spring wheat seed
ing r.i •> promises to be earlier than last year.
It is a strong point gained in favor of a crop
corresponding to last year, it is not a "bull
ish' feature that cur export movement has
largely decreased. That movement last week
was less than 30 per cent of the world's ship
ments. The seaboard reports daily sales, but
they are more for covering previous 'short'
sales by foreigners than for export. Crop
killing reports have advanced American prices
above a parity with England. It is not a
"bullish" feature that a 1 great number of mills
In the winter wheat area are closed, because
no rrarket for flour can be found, even at cost
on present wheat prices. It is not a 'bullish
feature that every foreign wheat country
makes a good report of the growing wheat.
All of them promise an average to a full
crop. The decidedly 'bullish' feature Is the
condition of our winter wheat. What the loss
will he cannot now be determined, but It Is
eerlous. If we produce but 300,000.000 bushels
of winter wheat and a full crop of spring
wheat, and crops abroad come in full aver
age, do the present prices reflect the situa
tion? That's the conundrum."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 25, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
Beason, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 31. SI. IS
Red Bluff 0.00 19.47 12.71
Sacramento Trace 13. S.S7
San Francisco 0.05 15.91 7.75
Fresno 0.03 6.65 4.1C
ban Luis Obispo 0.70 15.63 6.06
Los Angles 0.00 4.61 6.2S
San Diego 0.01 4.55 4. 1S
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Bf<; minimum, 47; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
RECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the Pacific
Flope, except In them California and
Southern Arizona. Scattering showers have
fallen over California durlr.e the day. Ths
chavlest rain reported was 0.70 of an Inch at
San Luis Ob'.spo.
The pressure has risen west of the Rocky
Mountains and fallen east of them. The high
est pressure is reported off the Northern Cali
fornia coast, while- th« lowest Is north of
Montana.
The temperature has fallen over Oregon and
Washington and risen In the upper Sacramento
Valley; elsewhere on the Pacific Slope the
changc-s have been slight.
The conditions have changed materially dur
ing the day and are favorable for partly
cloudy, warmer weather in Call:orn'.a Wednes
day.
Forecast naie at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 26:
Northern California— Partly cloudy, warmer
Wednesday; light northerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day; warmer in northeast portion; fresh west
wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy, warmer Wednesday.
Utch— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy,
warmer Wednesday; light northwest wind
G. H. WILLS! in.
Local Forecast Official.
♦
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Dealings In stocks
to-day were rather dull. The market was gen
erally heavy In the forenoon, while In the after
noon strength appeared, especially among those
stocks which had been depressed early. The
Grangers initiated the Improvement coinci
dent with the weakness in wheat. London was
a f-oller of the Internationals, particularly of
Louisville ■■■ Southern. Although the profes
sional element was bearish, speculation
throughout displayed an undertone of resist
ance which caused 'many of the trading ele
ment to reverse their tactics. Among the gen
erally inactive shares very material advances
appeared In Minneapolis and St. Louis. Detroit
Gas, Canadian Pacific and Illinois Central.
Anaconda Mining advanced sharply on con
tinued gossip connecting it with the proposed
consolidation. Sugar, Glucose and Metropoli
tan were well supported, and Tennessee Coal
more than recovered from its early weakness.
Gossip was revived of some alliance among
sugar and glucose interests, but nothing defl-'
nite wan made known In this connection, par
ties who should know being non-committal. In
the money and sterling exchange markets
steadiness prevailed at practically unchanged
quotations. Strength prevailed In the dealings
until near the close, when realizing, especially
In Manhattan and other transportation shares,
cut off part of the advance, leaving the mar
ket weak, although a number of shares retained
good advances on the day.
Business In bonds was well distributed to
day and prices were in the main higher. Total
Bales, $3.C55.000.
United States fives coupon declined »4 per cent
In l ho bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
£31,840 shares. Including: Atchison preferred
17.500, American Cotton Oil 3200. American
Emeltimr and Refining 4200. American Steel and
Wire 8000, American Sugar 66,200, American
Tinplati 3100. Anaconda 37.C00, Brooklyn Rapid
Transit 31.800, Brooklyn Rapid Transit rights
4SOO, Burlington 18,900, Colorado Fuel and Iron
S4OO, Continental Tobacco 17,400, • •■ lent] Steel
6COO, Federal Steel preferred 4000, Glucose Sugar
Refining 13,900, Louisville and Nashville 10.500,
Manhattan Consolidated 12,600, Metroplltan
84'K). Manhattan Beach 10,600, Mexican Central
E2OO, Missouri Pacific 6500, National Steel 11,300,
North American 5800, Northern Pacific SOOO,
liock Island 7300, St. Louis and Southwestern
8300, St. Louis and Southwestern preferred 6600,
St. Paul 26.200, Tennessee Coal and Iron 12,100,
Vnlon Pacific 3500, Illinois Central 14.200, Inter
national Paper 6300; silver bullion, 11,000
ounces.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20%; St L & S W 14
do pref 60? i J do pref MU
Bait & Ohio 72 ! St Paul 12S«,
Can Pac 92% I do pref 169V4
Can So 67% St P i Om 84
Cent Pac 51%: d opref 170
Ches & Ohio 27% So Pac 33%
Chi & Alton 16S So Railway i- 7 -.
C B & Q 143%! do pr.-f 54%
Chi & E 111 75 Tex & Pac 23
do prer 122 Union Pac 46%
Chi G W IB do pref 79%
Chi Ind & I 11% U P D & G 12
.do pref 46% Wabash S<4
Chi & N W....;...161U ! do pref 23%
do pref -....193 Wheel AL E 13%
C C C & St L.... 61 | do pref 34
do pref 97 ■ Express companies —
Del & Hudson 1234 Adams Ex 112
Del L & w 172 | American Ex ....ho
Del & R G 23% United States Ex. 54 1
do pref 76% Wells-Fargo Ex ..126
Erie (new) 13%! Miscellaneous
do Ist pref 37%! Am Cot Oil 37% i
Ft Wayne IS4 i do pref 93%
Gt North pref. ...191 Am Spirits H^s
Hocking Valley .. ll'i do pref 3S j
111 Cent 117% Am Tobacco 224
LEA W 17 do pref 143 1
do pref 88 Con ens 200 j
Lake Shore 100 Com Cable Co 180 ;
Louis & Nash .... (IS Col V & Iron 51% ■
Manhattan L 122 do pref •'■■'. !
Met St Ry 260 Gen Electric 120% j
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 105
Minn & St L 57' i B R T 131' i I
do Ist pref 100 Internat Paper .. 54% |
Ma Pac 60% do pref • c; i"-_- I
Mobile & Ohio ... 47 Laclede Gas 54»,i
Mo X 4 T 13 > Lead 34 : ;
do pref 39% do prof 113*
N J Cent 120 Nat Lin 0i1.... 4%
N V Cent 139H, Pac Mail 52
N V C & St L.... 14% People's Gas 126',i
do Ist pref li Pullman Palace .'.160%
do 2d pref 33 Biher certs 61
I Northwest 21U Stand R & T 10%
No Araer Co r. •■ Sugar 171%
No Pac 62 l 4 do prof US
do pref 7V* T C & Iron 63%
Ont & W 27% V S Leather 6 5 8
Or R & Nay pfd.. 69 I do pref 72%
Or Short Line.... 41% V S Rubber 62%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 i do prof :..116
do 2d pref 58 West Union 92
I Plttsburg IS I lAm S & W 67
i Reading 23' i ' do pref 98%
do Ist pref 6."% Fed Steel 67%
R G W S3 ! do pref 86
do pref 77 Pac Coast 40
Rock Island 117 Norfolk & \V pfd. 67% '
St L & S F ll'i Colo So 6Vi
do pref 70 do Ist pref 60
do 2d pref 3S>% do 2d pref 20
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S 2s reg 100 M X & T4« 94
V S3s reg 108 N V Cent Ists 115
V S 3s coup 108% N J Cent gen 55. .119%
V S new 4s, reg.. 129 N Carolina 6s 124
U S new 4s, coup. l3o N Carolina 45... it
r S old 4s, reg... No Pac Ists pfd.. 120
U 8 old 4s. c0up.. 1134 No Pac 3s GS%
U S os reg 111% No Pac 4s ion% j
T S 5s coup 113% N V C & St L 4s. 105% j
D of Colum 3 655. 117 Norf & W con 45.. 54%
Alabama, class A. llO Norf & W gen 65. .130
do class H 110 Or Nay lsts 112
do class C 100 ,Or Ni\ 4s 103%
do currency ....1 Or Short Line 65.. 131
Atchison gen 45.. 101% Or S Line con 55. .111%
Atchlson adj 45... 53% Reading gen 45.. f.PVi
Can So 2ds lm; R >", W Ists 97%
Ches & Ohio v ,s. 94% St L.&II M; C 55.. 110%
Ches & Ohio 55.. 121 St L <<.- S F g .124%
C .v N w con 75.. 144% St Paul con... 168%
I C & NW S F d 55.123 St P C & Pac 15t5.122
Chi Term 4s 100% St P C & Pac 55. .122%
1' & R G lsts 8% So Railway 55.... 109%
D&R Q4s 102 S Rope & T 65.... S9
E T Va & G 15t5.103% Term new set 35.. 97
Erie gen 4s 72% Tex A Pae 15t5. ...114
I Ft W & Den C Ist 66% Tex & Pac 2ds i>s%
Gen Electric ss. ..116'; Union Pac 4s 106
<} H & S A 65.... 112% U P D & G lsts.. 90
G H & S A 2d5....111% Wabash lsts 117%
; H & T C 5s 112% Wabash Ms 98%
I H & T C con 65. .112 West Shore 45. ...114%
lowa Cent- 15t5. ...110 wis Cent lsts.... 6y- a .
X C P & G Ists.. 6"» Virginia cent .... 83%
La new con 4s 110 Virginia def pref. 9 •
IL & N unified 4s. 98 > <Mo So 45 ,
M K& T Ids... C 7% do pref 87
MINING STOCKS.
; Chollar 80 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 13 Ophir 110 '■
Con Cal & Va 16 1 Plymouth 10 J
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 00 ■
■ Gould '& Curry — 83 do pref 750
Hale & Norcross. 30 Sierra Nevada ... 95 |
' Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 50 '
! Iron Silver 65 Union Con 45
I Mexican 61 : Yellow Jacket ... 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 1%
; Call loans 3^4 Mich Tel ?C>i<,
Time loans 3%<g4V~ .Atchison pref 61
Stocks— i Bonds—
I Atehlson 20% ; Atchison 4s 1004
: Am Sugar 171%! Mining shares
do pref IIS Allouez Mm C 0... 11%
[ Bell Tel 3titi Atlantic 39
j Best & Albany 255 Boston % Mont i'j~
Bost .v Maine ISO Butte & Boston 102%
I Bost & L ;C0 Calumet & Hecla.Sss
! C B & Q 144 Centennial 46% I
I Fitchburg 120 iFranmln ••• 27
Gen Electrlo 120 Old Dominion 51%
Fed Steel 67%!Osceola .' 97%
do pref 86 Quincy 171
Aiex Cent 14% ! Tamarack ...'. 242
Old Colony 210 ; Wolverine 49
I Rubber 62% Parrott 47%
! Union Pac 46% Adventure 13%
West End 95 Parrott 70 : -i
Westings Eleo ... 4S Humboldt 1%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Irregular to-day, the j
features being Canadian Pacific and coppers.
Anacondas reached 13%. The single option to
end in May was 13-16 for longer dates; the
rates were prohibitive. Utahs were 11%, bid
10%. It Is said here that Standard Oil inter
ests have now secured a majority of the
shares of the Anaconda mine and are taking
Boston next. It is reported that Mr. Rocke
feller and the Lewshonns have an agent here
with £2,500,000 credit to acquire control of the
iron market, like the copper. A squeeze Is
1 certainly proceeding. Americans opened tirm.
; went a half point above parity and then
dwindled till the close. In the street they re
covered. The general contango was 4®4%. On
St. Paul the rate was 3%. Canadian Pacific
opened at ■■.'» and closed at 96. it Is said
that the company has got the money to buy tho
Manitoba bonds. Sliver was hard. Ninety-five
thousand dollars In gold bars was bought by
the bank.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, &4%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 80%; Union Pacific preferred, SI; Grand
Trunk, ihkl Bar Silver, 27 13-16 d per ounce;
Money, I<JjU4 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,600; exports, 17.800. Weaker, 6@loc lower.
Winter patents, $3 75@'4 10; winter straights,
$3 BS'g'S 70.
WHEAT— 36,590; . exports, 19,956
i bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red, 31* 8 c to arrive
f. o. b. afloat; 78% c elevator; No. 1 : northern
Duluth, S47ic I. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern,
&3QS3%c f. o. b. afloat. Options steady' on
Liverpool cables, but turned weak and re
mained ho all day, except for a little rally in
the afternoon on export rumors, bearish
weather news and small clearances. The close
was weak at l»i@l%c net decline. May, 77%®
77Tic, closed 77% c; July, 76%@76v«c, closed 76% c;
September, 75%@77%c, closed 75% c; December,
7CV<i7S%c, closed 76 7 8 c.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
Unimportant changes occurred in
prices on the Metal Exchange to-day, and while
generally firm the market ruled very quiet.
There was nothing In new from primary points
or abroad to materially alter the views of con
sumers or producers. At the close the Metal
Exchange called pig .iron warrants dull with
$10 £0 and $11 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, at $19 25 nominal.
TlN— Firm, quiet, with $25 12% bid and $25 25
asked.
"LEAD— Quiet, with $4 30 bid and $4 82%
asked.
SPELTER— with $6 75 bid and $7 asked.
The brokers' prices for lead Is $1 10 and cop
per $19 25.
COFFER— CIosed steady unchanged to 5
points higher. Sales, 26,500 bags," Including
May. 86; July, $5 15; September, $5 35; October,
$5 45; November, 85 45; December, $5 70; Janu
ary, $5 70; February; $'. 75; March, $5 90. Spot
coffee— steady: mild. firm.
SUGAR— firm, tending upward; refined
firm. ' .' ; •
BUTTER— Receipts, 8751 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 15®17c; factory, 13@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14.000 packages; weak.
Western, 13%@14c; Southern. 13ig > 13% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 25.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7®B%c:
prime wire tray, S%S9c; choice, 9©3% c; fancy,
I 1 10 c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%®14c; Moorpark, 14<f?
We.
PEACHES— 9@l3c; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April Fine seeding weather
and claims of croo Imorovement caused a
heavy feeling In wheat at the start. There
was a cood demand for May at the opening,
but July gradually gave way under the Influ
ence of heavy liquidation and short selling.
May finally yielded, but the discount was nar
rowed to about half a cent. The market tot
under puts and there was little demand on
the break except against those privileges. May
opened a shade lower, at 73c, firmed up to 73% c,
declined to 71% c, and closed at 7i 4 July
started %c lower, sold off to 72% c, and closed
with buyers at 72Vic. •
Suggestions of Increased acreage and heavy
receipts weakened corn. Liquidation was heavy
Shipping demand was only fair. May started
unchanged, at 34%@34%c. touched 34% c, and de
clined to 34%@34V c at the close.
A good cash demand and buying by elevator
Interests held oats steady. Receipts, 831 cars
May started a shade lower, sold sparingly and
rallied to 2C%@26%c at the close.
Provisions or>ened weak on liberal hog re-
I ceipts, but subsequently the 4 market became
j firm on covering. May pork opened r>c to 7%c
lower at $S 92%©8 95, advanced to $9 02%, and
closed at $9 02%. The range in lard and ribs
was extremely narrow.
J Estimated receipts for Wednesday: Wheat, 40
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
cars: corn, 125 cars; oats. 135 cars; hogs, 31.000
heart. . " ,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
m^ l^.^:. 2 - 73 73* 71% 71%
T u ly 73% '-■« 72% '- 'l
September 73 73% 71%- 71%
Mav m * o :.^. .- I**' ' 34H 34% 34«4
July : 35% 33% 34% 34-4
September 35 » 35% 35% 35%
May^..^!!'..... 26^4 26% 26% 26%
j July 24% 24% 244 24%
September 22% 22% 224 224
Mess pork, per barrel —
May 8 92% 9 Or, 8 924 9 024
July 9 12% 9 224 9 12% 9 20
September 9 32% 9 37% 9 32% 9 35
Lard, per 100 pounds —
I May 5 17% 520 6 17% 520
I July 530 6 32% 530 5 32%
September 540 '5 45 540 545
i Short ribs, per 100 pounds—
I May 470 4 724 470 4 724
! July 4 824 483 4 82% 485
| September 495 500 4 92% 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
i steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 71@72%c; No. 3
' spring wheat, 67@71c; No. 2 red, id%@77c; No.
• 2 corn, 34%e; No. 2 oats, 27i*'ii27%c; No. 2
white. 30@30%c; No. 3 white, 29%®80c; No. 2
rye, 58% c; No. ! barley, 36<g46c; No. 1 flaxseed,
Jl 17: new -winter, $1 21<?1 22; prime timothy
seed, $2 35: mess pork, per barrel, $9@9 03;
lard, per 100 pounds, $5 17%@6 20; short ribs
sides (loose). $4 45ig4 86; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $4 ." " -m 75; short clear sides (boxed),
S4 95(g"5 05; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
: per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 107,000 62,000
Corn, bushels 187.000 199.000
Oats, bushels 267,000 170,000
Rye, bushels 6.000 7.000
Barley, bushels 28,000 I.COO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was quiet and easy. Creamery, 12®
16o; dairy. Ilyl4c. Eggs, steady. Fresh, 124 c.
Cheese, weak. Creams, 12%(g'12%c.
LIVERPOL FUTURES.
Wheat — May. July.
I Opening ..• 5 8 5 8.
I Closing 5 7T-4 5 7?4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — April. May-Aug.
Opening 43 00 43 65
Closing 42 85 43 75
Wheat-
Opening 2120 2140
Closing 2135 2120
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. April 25.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreets lndl
cate the following changes In the available
supplies of grain last Saturday, as compared
with the preceding Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 1,972,000 bushels; Liver
pool Corn Trade News, afloat for and In Eu~
rope, decrease. 1,800,000 bushels. Total supply
decrease, 3.772, 000. \
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 2.7C3.000.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 701,000.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April There was a moderate
demand for cattle to-day and prices showed
no particular change. Fancy grades brought
$5 50® 5 70; choice steers, $5 10@5 45; mediums,
$4 Soil 5 05; beef steers, $4@5 53; stockers and
feeders, $3 76@5; bulls, $2 60@4 25; cows and
heifers, ?.: 4. .; i 23; Western fed steers. $4 25®
5 20; Texas steers, $4©4 90; calves, $3 50@6 10.
HOGS— About unchanged. Fair to choice
$3 52%@4 02V»; heavy packers, $3 6.Vi?3 85; mixed
$3 75@3 95: butchers, $3 8004; lights. $3 70@3 »5;
pigs. $3 3r,>a3 ?0.
The sheep market was Irregular, with prices
averaging 15c lower for wooled lambs; strong
for lipped lambs and 10c higher for prime
clipped sheep and yearlings. Colorado wooled
i lambs, $5 >''■'! '•; 15; choice. $5 55®6; shorn lots.
; $r,ij?s 40; shorn sheep, $4 75<f?5 10; yearlings,
; 15 10: cull lambs sold at $4 2r.«4 75; cull sheep,
! $C^i4; shorn Western lambs, $5 50®5 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 22.000; sheep,
16,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 25.— business of the past
week in the wool market has been less than
the previous week, although the tone of the
market is steady on the basis of the prices
established. The sales in Teritory wools have
been moderate, the . chief business being done
on the scoured basis of 38<!g40c for fine me
dium and fine. Fleece wools move slow and
"prices re nominal.
Territory wools— Montana fine medium
and fine. 12@15c; scoured, 3S@4do; staple, 40@
42c; Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and
fine, 12@15c; scoured, 3S<£f4oc; staple. 40(g42c.
Australian scoured Combing, super
fine, 70@72c; good, 65<gXS8c; average, 62'565c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SAXES.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
' pany sold California cherries at auction to-day
: as lfollows:
Chapman, $4 87%; Advance, $3 20; Purple
Guine, $3 12%; Maubrey, $2.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. April Exchanges, $219,
--032; balances, $52,260.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April 25.— There was weak
| ness all around in both European and Eastern
markets to-day, and it naturally reflected to a
certain extent locally, the mills having ceased
paying such a big differential over export
! values as was in evidence last week. Exporters
were In the market at BBc to 59c for Walla
Walla, 60c for valley and 61c for blue stem.
Another cargo cleared yesterday, leaving but
two disengaged ships in the river.
Cleared — Ship Howard D. Troop, Queenstown,
129,729 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April —Wheat continues steady,
at 53c for club and 62c for blue stem. Re
j ceipts amounted to 21 cars to-day, decidedly the
best for many days.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 25.— The following: reports of
the London and Liverpool markets, dated to
day, have been received: Consols. 110%; silver.
27 9-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and
sellers apart: cargoes on passage rather firm;
English country markets steady. ,■- •
LIVERPOOL, April 25.— Wheat steady; wheat
in Paris steady: flour In Paris steady.
COTTON— Uplands, B%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western. winter
i stocks exhausted: No. 1 red Northern Duluth.
! steady, 6s 4 : : .j, futures quiet; May and July,
5s 7%d.
CORN — Spot American, mixed, new, steady,
3s .1; futures quiet; May, 3s 5%d; July,
i is 5%d. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 «:,i_.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 .-;■•[.
Sterling Cables — 4-88%
New York Exchange, sight — 05 '
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07,4
Fine Silver, per ounce — &)'»
Mexican Dollars — 49@49v a
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Buslness Is quiet at
2Ss 9d to 30s for new crop loading, usual op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 4044, against 6900 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 36,C00
tons, against 10,460; on the way to this port,
170,050 tons, against 217,000.
WHEAT— Chicago was weak, with a limited
demand and line weather. The bulls seem to
have lost courage. St. Louis was a free seller
and the crowd was decidedly bearish.
In this market futures declined In sympathy
■with Chicago, but the spot market was un
char.L- • ~" v"
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 10; milling,
$1 12%@1 15. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
24,000 ctls, $1-13; 24.000, $1 12V
Second session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 12%;
IS.OoO, Jl 12%; 12.000. $1 13; 40,000, Jl I3' . May—
2000, Jl 07% ; 2000, $1 "7.v
Regular morning session— December—
ctls, $112%; 22,000, $113; 2000, $1 12%. May—
14,000, $107; SOOO. $106%: 4000, $1 06%.
Afternoon session — December — 4000 ctls,
51 12&,; 8000, $1 12%; 2000, $1 12%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and un-
Feed, $1 02Ai(jil 06%; Brewing. $1 10^1 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new,
12,000 ctls, *."c.
.Second session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls, 8"c;
4000. Sl%c; 2000. S7%c; 4000, 87% c.
Regular morning session— l2.ooo ctls, 8714 c.
Afternoon session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
87% c; 2000, 87% c: 20.000, 87% C.
OATS— demand Is insignificant and the
market shows no change.
Fancy Feed, $1 42Vi<81 45 per etl; good to
choice. " $1 37V401 40; common, $1 32Vi'9'l 35; Sur
prise. Jl 45©1 50; Gray, si S2H@i 37%; Milling,
Jl 4001 42% per ctl; Red, Jl 30@l 32V4: Black,
$1 2501 30.
CORN— These goods show no change from day
Smali round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, SI 13%; White, $1 12 l «:: mixed, $1 06VL@
110 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Weak and dull at 97%c@Jl per ctl.
BUSKWHEAT— NominaI.
1 FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California' family extras. $3 60^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40<?3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40(3 R 45 per bbl for extra,
$3 25(g3 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 76 per
100; Rice Flour, |7; Cornmeal, J2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25, Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55^6 95; in sacks, $6 35(g<6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds. ;
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was very little doing In Hay, owing
to the showery weather, but values remained
undisturbed.
Bran and Middlings were steady and un
changed.
BRAN— 50<i?16 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS 50(520 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 50324 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 @31 50; Job
bing-. 182®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S!f 30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 £0; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$15 50®16 50.
HAY— Wheat, $13®14 for good to choice and
|10@12 for lower grades; Wheat and Oats, $10-3;
13; Oat, $10612; Barley, $7@9; Alfalfa. $5 50@7.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
It- has not yet rained enough In Ventura, to
benefit the Lima Bean situation, and the
market for this description remains firm. The
other sorts are dull at the revised prices.
Seeds are quiet at the old quotations.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 50@l 65: Small Whites, $2
@2 15; Large Whites. $1 50®l 60; Pinks. $1 So®
1 95; Reds, .$3 50; Blackeye. $4@4 10; Butters,
nominal; Limas. $4; Pea, $2 25@2 40; Red Kid
neys. $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, $2 15®2 25: Canary Seed.
2>i@2»4c per Ib; Alfalfa, SV4®9He, Rape. 2%@
2%c; Hemp, 2'4@3c; Timothy, s@sVsc
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 532 boxes Asparagus. 423 boxes
Rhubarb, 207 sacks Peas and 478 sacks new
Potatoes.
The Oregon, steamer brought down 6157 sacks
Potatoes and 255 sacks Onions. Both descrip
tions were weak and the Potatoes sold rather
lower. Supplies of new Potatoes are also
larger.
There Is a good representation of Vegetables,
and prices show no particular change, except
an advance in Peas.
POTATOES— SI 40@l 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40@l 65 tor River Burbanka; Oregon, $1 15®
1 30 for seed and $1 50@l 90 for large; New Po
tatoes, I 1 *"- 1 - per lb.
ONIONS— 4O@(iOc for fair to good and 75@90c
per ctl for fancy.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, Goc®sl 25 per box
for No. 2. $1 50®l 75 for No. 1 and $1 85®2 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40@75c per box for the general
run and Socfgsl for fancy; Green Peas, 3V<i'c
for common and 5c for Garden; String
Beans, 7<{iloc for green and 7@loc Cor Golden
Wax; Cabbage. $140; Tomatoes. $I@l 25 per
box, "as is"; Egg Plant, 12'^c per lb; Garlic,
15c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Pep
pers. 10c; Green Peppers, 20@25c; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l
per dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers, SOc; Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles, Sc per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 14®16c for Tur
keys, $7 60 for Ducks, $2 25 for Geese, $7@7 50
for Hens, $S for young Roosters. $6 for old
Roosters and $7 for fryers. Another car falls
due to-day.
Local stocks showed no particular change,
though the feeling was weak, owing* to the re
ceipts from the East.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13®15c for Gobblers
■and 13W15C for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75@2;
Goslings $2 25112 50; Ducks, $6 5007 60 for old
and $7 60®9 for young; Hens, |5®6; young
Roosters. $7 sO®B 50; old Roosters; {505 50; Fry
ers, $C(&7; Broilers. $o(S6 for large, $3®4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50<gl 75 per dozen for old and
$1 T.v./. 25 for squabs.
GAME— $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for email.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market continues amply supplied
for all immediate needs, and the feeling is
weak, though there is no change In prices.
Store Eggs are quoted lower. Ranch Eggs
ehi -v little change. There is no scarcity of
ttock.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 16%®17c; seconds,
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 14®14%c;
store, ll®l2c per lb
CHEESE Choice mild new. lie; old, 10®
10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12'!fl2 l 4c; Young Amer
ica, ii ■-, '■! l^'-c: Eastern, HVs@l4c.
EGGS— Quoted at lSiglS^c for store and 16®
17c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 367 boxes Cherries and 310
chests Strawberries.
Cherries went off slowly yesterday, as the
high prices check trade more or less. Straw
berries came in green and were also quiet.
Mexican Limes have again advanced and are
firm. Oranges are dull, aa buyer* are now
running on berries. Lemons show no change.
Apples continue firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples $1 2501 60 for common. $2®2 BO per
box for No. 1 and S3@3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, $s(fi9 per chest for small and
$4 <.■'. for large berries.
Cherries, 75cig$l for red. 75c®$l 25 for white
and Sl®l 50 per box for black; extra fancy
black Bold at $1 75(7*2.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60<?r3 50
per box; Seedlings, $1(32: Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 50ig2; Lemons, $1 25®1 50 for common and
$2W2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$7'(i'7 50; California Limf*, $I©l 25 per small
box; Grape Fruit. $1 50®2 50; Bananas, $1 50<§!
2 DO per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There Is good business In the odds and ends
of dried fruit still left on the market, and
even inferior goods, which would go begging in
ordinary seasons, are being picked up . at the
high prices. Nuts and Honey are quiet and
unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s. 5®
s*ic for 60-60' s. 4®4%c for 60-70'«, S%@3V4c • for
70-80*8, 2 a i£3Uc for 80-90's. 2H@ 2%c for 90-100's
and 2®2V«c for 1"" ii iV Peaches, 8%@9%c for
good to choice. ;■.';..■ for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, :."■;'(( l.'c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9'(?9'. 2 sun
dried. i".'-. '•! ". '•..'■■; mark Figs, sacks. 3' 4 ; Plums,
nominal 2c for unpltted and 4V'Gc for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISIN'S— 3*ic for two-crown. 4»ic for three
crown, s*;c for four-crown, 4%®6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3'4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2*ii?f3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts, B@Sc
for hardshell, lO^llc for softshell: Almonds.
S®9c for hardshell, 12«13c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, Gift 7c for Eastern and
4Vi'?sc for California: Cocoanuts. $4 50<?f5.
HONEY— Comb, 10<ffllc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted 7^4 •??
7%c: light amber extracted. 7c; dark, 6@5%c
per lt>.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS. ■
Cured meats and Lard are firm In sympathy
with raw products. Prices remain without
change. ;• " '.
CURED MEATS— Sc per lb for heavy.
SH^9c for light medium. 10H®llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10H@Uc; Califor
nia Hams, We; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
M< s= Beef, $11: Family Beef, |15®15 50; extra
prime Pork. 112; extra clear, $18; mess, $I<6;
Smoked Beef, lie per lh.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sH®s?ic per lb for
compound and 7H@7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, Re: 10-lb tin--. BHc; r.-lb tins. B*ic
QOTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%(?j6T4c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pall?, 60 in a case, 94c:
3-lb nails. 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in
a case, S'£c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, l -\<.': 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, '..■ fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7T4c; half
barrels, about 110 [bs, 7»ic.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Contracting in the 1899 crop of Hops In Ore
gon is going on at 10c per lb. Local Hops are
dull at the old quotations.
Wool continues to sell ■ fairly at the prices
which have ruled for ten days. • , , .
. There is no change in Hides and Tallow, but |
both nre rather quieter.
HIDES AND SKINS -Culls and brands Fell
about lc . under the quotations. -Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9®9Hci light, v 1...-; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, ••/„.■,>, <■: Raited Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip find Veal, 15<??15Hc: dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(K30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
S0e(?$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for "largo and Jl for small; Colts. COc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi®4V4c per lb;
No. 2. 3\4@4c; refined. — — ; grease. He.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San .Toaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7@9e; year's staple. >'■■:
Sc: Foothill and Northern free. 10@12e; Foot
hill and Northern defective, B®10c; Nevada,
Spile.
Fay Wools-
Northern Mountain ■. SHOBC
Southern 4 Vjfi!7c
Plains 4 ©6c
HOPS- 1898 crop, tO®llc per lh for ordinary,
12Ifl2Vic for od anil 13"i?15c for choice to fancy
from first hands. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%e for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Se; San Quentin
1 Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallseml. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $S in bulk and $9 23
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $5 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 B0; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in Backs. v
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 91,4 c; Sisal. BM,c; Duplex.
7%c basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 73c@$l'25;
Asparagus. $1 604P1 75; Tomatoes, Ss®9Oc.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 50@l 80 for white; Peaches. $1 40®
175; Pears, $1 45@1 60; Apricots, $1 35@1 60;
Plum?, 95c@»l 15.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14®150 for prime
washed; 13®14c for good washed; 13@15e for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll@ll%c for
goo.d peaberry; ll@l3c for good to prime; 10@llc
nominal for good current mixed with black I
beans: 8%®10%c for fair: 6®7%c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— lo@l2c for good to prime
washed: S@&%c for fair washed: 10'4@ll%c for
superior unwashed; 7%@7?ic for good green un
washed; 2 i510c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — 7%@8%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; P<sloc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l4'4@l7>/4c for prime to fancy
washed; U@l3Hc for good to strictly good
washed; S'^lCVic for fair washed; 7@S^c for
medium; s%@6Tic for inferior to ordinary;
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; 9^@loc
for good unwashed peaberry; 7^®SVic for good
to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— 5%c; cases,
G'uc: cases, Imitation . Eastern. 6*ic; boneless,
<%c; strips. B®B%c; blocks, 7»i(ssVic: tablets,
$\q: middles, BVJ@9%c; desiccated. 87% c;
Pickled, in barrels, $9 50; pickled, half barrels.
$5 25. . -
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 25@2Sc per Ib;
Sole Leather, medium. 24®28c; Sole Leather,
light, 24(R 25c: rough leather, heavy, 24 / ii2:.c;
rough Leather, light. 24@25c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 31"ii33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30@
32c: Harness Leather, light, 29@30c; Collar
Leather, I4(g'i6c pep foot: Kip, finished, 40®45e
per !h; Veal, finished, 50(!?55cr Calf, finished.
76c@|l; Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits, a loe per
lb.
OlL— California Castol Oil. cases. No. 1. 75c;
pure, $106; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 59c;
raw, 37c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c: No. 1, 46c; cases, he
more: China Nut, 45®6Sc per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 60c; cases, 55c: Sperm,
crude, COc; natural white, 40c: bleached white.
42Hc; Whale Oil. natural white. 3714 c: bleached
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 25@1 55 per gallon; wagon
colors. $2(??2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— Water Coal Oil, in bulk. ll^c per
gallon: Pearl Oil, in cases, 16V>c; Astral Oil.
16% c; Star Oil, M%c; Extra Star Oil, 20% c:
Elaine Oil. 21% c; Eocene Oil. lS^c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15Uc: in cases. 21c;
Benzine. In bulk. 15c; in cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; In cases. 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles. 6s, 16 oz,
SUe; 6s, 14 oz, 7Vic: 6s, 12 oz, 6%c; 6s. 10 oz, [
5V.c: 12s, 12 oz, 7'4c: Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz, 9%c: 6s, 1' oz. <> 4 c: 6s, 12 oz. 7 :^c; 6s,
10 oz. 4 c: Paraffine Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4a,
6s, white, 9»4c: 12s, 10Hc: colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6®7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels.
We; In wooden barrels. 5Sc.
LUCOL— barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
52c: cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb hags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c: Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, sic; Dry Granu
lated. 5V4c: Confectioners" A. 5%c; California
A. 4%c: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Gold
en c, 4M.c: barrels, l-16c more: half barrels,
He more; boxes, %c moj-e; 50-lb bags, y»c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15@18: extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14'?? 1." for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $2 20-52 50: Pickets. «14; Shingles,
■$1 SO for common and $2 25 for fancy: Shakes.
for Split and $10 50 for Sawn; Rustic, $15
@21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
■ Hogs are firm and scarce and a further ad
vance is not improbable. Beef. Mutton and
Veal are steady at unchanged quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7H'S' ;1 >:C per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; email, 7*4®Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@SV4c; Ewes, 7@7Hc
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 9®loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6®5%c for small, 5%C for
medium and 4 1 i l Si%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4\i@t\kc; dressed Hogs, 6%@Sc.
RECIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, April 25.
Flour, qu sks.... 16,739 1 Wool, bales 961
Wheat, ctls 1,683 Eggs, doz 27,330
Barley, ctls 8801 Sugar, sks 12,800
Corn (East), ctls 1,200 Sugar, bbls 25
Butter, ctls 357 Chicory ■ bbls .... 40
Cheese, ctls 40 1 Quicksilver, flsks 12
Potatoes, sks ... 2.213 Wine, gals 57,700
Bran, sks 230 ; Leather, rolls ... 61
Middlings, sks .. 350, Hides, no 857
Hay. tons 805 Pelts, bdls 132
Hops, bales ■ 10
OREGON. .
Flour, qr eks ... B, s.'i2j Onions, sks 255
Oats, ctls 670 Bran, sks 150
Potatoes, sks ... 6.1."
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a lively business in local securi
ties on the morning session of the Bond Ex
change. Oceanic Steamship advanced to $76@75,
Hawaiian Commercial to $109 25, Hutchinson to
$35@36 12^. Giant Powder to $71 75 and Mutual
Electric to $17. Paauhau weakened off to $43
and Contra Costa Water sold from $72 50 down
to $71 75. Sales were large.
Mining stocks sold rather higher In the mid
dle of the day, but weakened off again in the
afternoon. The telegram from the pump said:
"Elevator working steadily. Water In- the 17."0
level winze Is 32 feet 4 Inches below the sta
tion."
The annual meeting of the Scorpion Minlrfj
Company baa • been called for May 8.
The Salmon River Mining Company of Mon
tana has levied an assessment of .'_• cents per
share, delinquent May 24.
The Grand Victory Mining Company of Fall
Creek, Nevada County, has levied an assess
ment of Me per share, delinquent May 25.
Superintendent Ryan of the Hale it Norcross
mine reports as- follows: "No work was done In
the mine during the week. During the week
ending April 21 the water in our incline has
fallen 2.7 feet vertically; total, 22 feet 5 Inches
on the incline, or 14.62 feet vertically, since the
pump at the C. & C. shaft started -on April 1.
The water is now 71 feet 7 Inches below our
incline station at the Sutro tunnel connection."
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 25—2 p m.
Morning Session.
Board-
BO Alaska Packers' Association 110 25
100 Contra Costa Water 72 50
50 Contra Costa Water 71 75
2ns Contra Costa Water 71 >7' 2
170 Contra Costa Water ; 72 00
2do Equitable Gas 7 00
00 Giant Powder Con 71 00
60 Giant Powder Con 71 50
75 Giant Powder Con 7175
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 10900
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 109%
100 Hutchlnson 5 P Co ." 35 00
1290 Hutchlnson S P Co 35 50
500 Hutchinson S P Co, cash 35 50
150 Hutchlneon S P Co 3". 75
650 Hutchinson S P Co 3ii 00
100 Hut chins in 8 P Co 36 12%
50 liana Plantation Co 17 25
$20,000 Los Angeles Ry. 5 per cent Bonds. 105 00
20 Market-street Railway 63 00
110 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
100 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
50 Mutual Electric Light, s 30 • 16 75
J9COO Northern Ry of Cal, 6 per cents lit 00
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 76 00
80 Oceanic Steamsnip Co 76 00
. BO Paauhau S P Co 43 26
60 Paauhau S P Co 43 12>4
25 Paauhau B 1" Co, cash 43 00 "
365 Paauhau 8 P Co 43 00
$2000 Park & Cliff House 6s 107 50
$1000 S p Branch Ry Bonds : 123 00
25 Spring Valley Water 101624
65 Spring Valley Water .-....' 101 50 "
Afternoon Session.
70 Contra Costa Water ; 71 75
60 Equitable Gas • 7 00
65 Giant Powder Con 72 00
25 Giant Powder Con' 72 60
100 Giant Powder Con 73 00
26 Giant Powder Con 74 00
70 Giant Powder Con ; 74 50
5 Giant Powder Con 74 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 374
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 110 00 '
60 Hutchinson S P Co 36 25
50 Hutchinson B P Co 36 50.
180 Hutchinson S P Co 36 624
165 Hutchinson B P Co 36 75
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 80nd5.. .105 00
20 Market-street Railway .• 62 75
250 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 7S CO
• 23 Oceanic Steamship Co 77 R7^£
■ 20 Paauhau S P Co 4:; CO
15 Paauhau a p Co 42 73
30 Paauliau S P Co 42 50
50 . ill]. all B PCo 42 25
106 Paauhau B P Co 42 00 -.
• 50 Paauhau B P Co 41 S7'i
166 Paauhau B P Co 41 7:.
105 lauhau BP Co 41 ,;■■■ ,
55 s F Gas & Electric Co 72 -, "
.250 a F Gaslight 3 624
$1000 S P of A Bonds 112 25 '
100 Spring Valley Water 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD. .
Morning Session.
Board
-35 Spring Valley Water 101 50
30 Hutchinson S P Co 3,r, 35
411 Hutchinson B P Co 35 : ,,
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 73 J ,,-,
45 Giant Powder Con , 70 00
15 Hawaaian Commercial & Sugar 105 so
Street—
100 Mutual Electric Light 18 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
CO Hutchijison S P Co ; 3fl - n
75 Paahau S P Co !! 43 00
25 Hawaaian Commercial Sugar 109 ->i
31) Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar... 109 ?n
100 Equitable Gaslight „ 725
MINING STOCKS.
' Following were the (sales in the San Fran
Cisco Stock Board yesterday: - *ran-
Morning Session.
WO Andes 09 100 Mexican . en
500 Best & Belcher, 59 150 Ophlr . "*'" 1 on
200 Challenge 35 500 Potosl . 9*
100 Con Cal & Va..l 80 tOO Savage ™
700 Con Cal & Va..l S5 100 Sierra Nevada "l ',]'•
550 Con Cal %.Va..l 90 •50 Sierra Nevada.' "l in
100 Confidence 80 200 Union Con kl
100 Crown Pomt — 21 800 Union Con ' m
250 Gould & Curry. . 40 1500 Utah . '?»
100 Mexican 69' '". "
Afternoon Session.
?00 Andes 12 -MM Mexican 68
00 Belcher 37 500 Mexican 59
ot' Ht'lcher 36lW)Ophir 120
00 Caledonia 28 1500 Potoai 26
i Cal & Va..l H, 100 Savage IS
■ undence 77 100 Savage 'Si
100 Crown \Point 21 1200 Union Con 62
100 Crown Point 20 100 Utah 12
100 Hale <£ Norcrosa 24i2W Yellow Jacket... 42
200 Kentuck 05 1 200 Yellow Jacket... 43
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
JOO Alta 10 ;!"0 Gould & Curry.. 3^
200Ande« U 500 Justice 19
POO Belcher 37 ,;w Justice 20
elcber 3S "00 Mexican »a
100 Belcher 39,'OOOphir. 120
M 0 Best & Belcher.. 59 100 Ophlr 122'j
.-t & Belcher.. 58: MX) Overman 12Va
800 Caledonia 29i.<>0 Potosl 26
50 Challenge 36 IjOO Sierra Nevada.. M
OOChollar 311D0Pierra Nevada.. l 00
n Cal & Va..l 76 M 0 Sierra Nev....l 02%
200 Con Cal & Va.l 72 1 -, M 0 Sierra Nevada. .l 0j
100 Con Cal & Va.l 87% 1200 Union Con ■'•
UOOCon Cal & Va.l 85 JOO Union Con 62
uIU &. Curry.. 3!) i 400 Yellow Jacket.. 43
Afternoon Session.
1400 Belcher 3S Mi Con Cal & Va.l SV 2
»0 Belcher 37 400 Crown Point 21
(00 Best & Belcher.. 58 2»n> Gould & Curry.. 38
{00 Best A: Belcher.. 57 KM Hale & Norcross 24
WO Bullion i'- 1 iOO Kentuck 08
;■" Challenge 84i500Potosl «
rOOChollar 34 .'SO Savage 28
W0 < hollar 33. iin Savage it
k>o Chollar 32 j 2OO Sierra Nevada.. 10u
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 25—4. p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Justice 18 19
Alta 03 10 Kentuck 05 06
Andes' 12 13 Lady Wash .... — 01
Belcher 36 37 Mexican 58 51)
Best & Belcher 57 58 Accidental 33 34
Bullion 02 (BiDphir 120 12..
"aledonla 29 30! Overman 12 w
Ehollar 32 33 Potosi 25 2b
Challenge 33 35 Savage 25 2i
Confidence 76 78 Scorpion 01 03
Con Cal & Va..l 80 185 «eg Belcher ... 03 04
;v.n Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nev 100 1 "»a
Drown Point.... 20 22 Pii»er Hill — 04
Con New York. — 02^,-ndicate — <J6
Exchequer — 02 standard 250 2 (5
: A Curry. 3S 39 Union Con 52 53
Hale & Norcrss 23 24 Utah 11 13
Julia 02 OS Yellow Jacket.. 42 43
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Occidental I 32 |
Best & Belcher...! 6*
Yellow Jacket I 1 |
Occidental 32
Ophir 74
Utah 30
Confidence 31
Bullion 54
Hale & Norcross. 2
Crown Point 7-'
ton Cal & Va....) 13
Potosl 52
|..Apr. 7 May 2 10
...Apr. 7 ..May 2 lii
..Apr. 71.. May 171 15
..Apr. 7 ..May 21 10
..Apr. 6 ..May 2| 15
..May (i ..May 291 05
..May 5 ..May 29! 20
..May 51. .May 29 1 05
..May 13 ..June 5 10
..May 151. .June 8 10
..May 20 ..June 14! 25
.May 22 .. June 15 10
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived fach day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
rity of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 2C.
Pun r1p"3 6:18
Sun gets 6:56
Moon rii^s 8:15 p. m.
B Time Time iTime jTime|
p Ft. ; Ft. ' Ft. i 1 Ft.
ra L, W H W L, W H W
26^ .. 6:45 r i — O.s'l 12:41 4.6 6:21 2.6J U:3l| 6.0
27 ... 6:30— 0. Si 1:36 4.6 6:08 2.9 1
H W L H W [L, W
28 ... 0:11 6.1 7:2O ! — 0.9 2:31 4.6 6:69 3.0
29 ... 0:56 ! 6.0 8:13'— 0.8 3:34 4.7 7:59 3.1
30 ... 1 M 6.7 i<:10!— 0.6 4:34 4.V »:H 3.2
1 .. 2:59! 5.4 10:10—0.31 6:31] 5.0 10:34 3.0
2 '.. 4:14 5.0! 11:IO| 0.0| 6:2l| 5.3! li;50! 2.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides !
the early morning tides are given In the left ■
hand column and the successive tides of the ;
day in tht» order of occurrence as t'i time. The !
(-•■ ■'. n. 1 tim* r.ilumn gives the second tide of |
 the third time column the third tide
and the last or risjht hand column gives the
■ :•> of the day, • * • ! t when there are but
:netimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
!'nit<-.l State* i'.;ist Survey charts, except
When a minus stun (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
pth Riven by the iharts. The plane of
!he mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Luella (Tillamook |Apl. 26
Santa R sa. San Diego -P 1 ■_•''•
Wellington [Departure Bay Apl. 26
Samoa Humboldt Apl. 27
Weeott (Yaquina Bay Apt 27
B. Hernster Coquille River Apl. 27
Mine.. la ' |Nanaimo : Apt 27
Umatilla ....• Victoria & Puget Sound: A pi. 27
Pomona 'Humboldt Apt 27
Point Arena.. ..'Point Arena. Apt 27
Australia [Honolulu Apt 27
Athenian Victoria lApl. 27
Empire ICoos Bay |Apt 28
Coos Bay Newport Apl. 2$
America Maru. .lChlna and Japan Apt 2?
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Apt 28
Progreso Seattle [Apt 29
Aloha Point Arena |Apl. 30
Columbia Portland Apt. 30
Corona San Diego Apl. 30
Curacao Mexico Apt 30
Mackinaw Tacoma Apt 30
Newburg Grays Harbor..- Apt 30
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Apt 30
North Fork Humboldt May 1
Bonita Newport May 2
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 2
Crescent City... Crescent City .- May 2
Belgian King... China and Japan May 2
Homer (Departure Bay May 2
State of Cat... I Portland May 5
From.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Bonlta [Newport Apl. 26. 9am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Apl. 26. 10 am Pier 9
Aloha [Point Arena.. Apl. 26, 3 pm Pier 2
Alliance ...'Oregon Ports. Apl. 27. 10 am Pier 20
Areata .... |Coos Bay [Apt 2S, 10 am Pier 13
estate Cal... Portland .....jApl. _ loam Pier ;:4
Santa RosajSan Diego I Apl. 28, 11 am' Pier 11
Peru [Panama Apt 28, 12 m PMSS
Coptic [China* Japan Apt 28, 1 pm|PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .'Apl. 29. 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt Apt 29, 2 Pier 9
Coos Bay... 'Newport lApl. 30. 9 am Pier 11
A Humboldt... Apt 30. 3 Pier 13
Umatilla ..I Vie & Pgt SdTlMay 1, 10 ami Pier 9
Corona .....ISan Diego May 2, 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosraphic Office, T7. S. N Mer
chants' Fxchange, San Francisco.' Cal
April 25, 1899,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. Nt noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
C. O. CAT.KINS.
T.i-Mitenant. V 8. N\. In ch.irce.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEX«ii.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 25.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, IS hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 4 days from' Por
tland, i ; •
S;mr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
BraKK.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, 52 hours
from Portland, via Astoria.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 25.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chaa Nel
son.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins &"Co.
Stmr Morgan City, Lombard, Manila, via
Honolulu; 0 B Government.
Ship St Nicholas. Brlgman, Karluk; Alaska
Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 25.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Cleone, HiKßlns, Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, Fort Brass.
■ Stmr MorKan City, Lombard, Manila, via
Honolulu. •'■•■
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Stmr Navarro, Hlgpins.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, • Nanalmo.
Schr Mlzpah. Owens.
Schr Vine, Small. Nicolaefskt.
Schr Nettie -Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Laura Madsen, RasmnEsen, Grays Har
b< Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu.
CHARTERS.
The City of Papeete loads mdse for Tahiti
an The M H r c U Wr? B ht loads lumber at Tacoma. for
Honolulu Ive'na, wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 27s Cd. TEIyEQRAPHia
-POINT LOBOS, April 25, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind west; velocity 10 miles. ••
SPOKEN.
April 14, lat 50 50 N. long 13 W— Br ship Sar
domene from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
March 13. lat 13 33 S. long 51 W-Br ship jn
ford. from Antwerp, for San Francisco April
11, IN, 31 \V— Br ship Galona, from Oregon,
for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-Sailed April 25-Tug Rescue, for
San Francisco; Btmr Orizaba, for Dyea; Br
stmr Garonne, for Honolulu; stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco. .  <>- _
PORT TOWNSEND— April 2o— Br
ship Drumcraig. from Port Gamble for Cal
lao; Br ship Andrada. from Portland.
Sailed April 23— Br stmr Garonne, for Hono-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 25— Stmr
Newburg. hence April -April 25_Stmr Scotia.
REDONDO— Arrived April 25— Stmr Scotia,
from Eureka. _ -b«_,_
Sailed April 25— Stmr Scotia, for San Fran-
C! EUREKA-Arrived Am-il 25-Stmr Pomona,
h VENT^RA-Arrived April 25-Stmr Georg,
Loomis. hence April 24. _""" '"- ; " "■■"" , _ VI .
ASTORlA— Arrived April 25— Stmr Columbia.
ABERDEEN-Arrlved April 25— Stmr Gract
A RERDKEN— Arrived April 25— Stmr Crrac«
Dollar, hence April 20. _
POINT LOBOS— Passed April 25, a; 8 P m—
Sthr Laguna. from Usal, bound south.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed April 20— Whaling Btmr
Fearless, for whaling cruise.
SYDNEY— SaiIed April 25— Br stmr Mlowera,
for Vancouver. - ._..»_.
CARDlFF— Arrived April 24— ship Gifford.
from Tacoma,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 24— Br ship Har
land, hence Nov 8. - ■--■'_,
LONDON— Arrived April 23— Br ship Glen
caird, hence Dec 7. »
In port April 14— Br ship Duchalburn. for San ■
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 24— ship
Stronsa, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 23— Stmr Taco
"NE'^CASTLE^NSW-Salled April 20-Br
shio Dunmore, for San Francisco. «n.p C.aa
SWANSEA-Sailed April 22-Br ship Clan
Macfarlane. for Port Los Angeles.
CHEMAINUS— Sailed April Bark Un-
FLEETWOOD— Arrived April 25— Ship Henry
Villard, from Tacoma.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April Stmr Bremen,
from Bremen and Southampton.
SYDNEY, NSW— April 25— Stmr Mio-
W ANTWERP— Arrived April 25— Stmr South
wark. from New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived April Stmr Staten
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
OCEAN TBAVEL. ■
-■■ --■--"- -"■~~*~ .~^~»~. — rvutm
S H __ U|^ The S. S. Australia
*3£CaßfH§r sails for Honolulu
i»^WMWI Thursday. May 4, at
fL^^T^S s'. S. Moana sails
JsJpamSnin'-' via Honolulu and
CylUJlllJlllU Auckland for Sydney
(OlTlßu'to- Wednesday, May 17.
V_'"r jv " v M at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Acts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
tj. Steamers leave Broadway
ffilk wharf, San Francisco:
ISSy*'**. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
', fSp'SjF'Wga April 21. 26. May 1: change at
' ■bJIH^AI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
, DffisKlSfSial C.), Port Towjisend. Seattle.
y**ffiT§B>%a\ Tacoma, Everett, Anacort»»
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
"*• 10 a. m. April 21, 26, May 1.
»nd every fifth day thereafter; change at Seat-
tic to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., April
19. 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day there-
! after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
: Cayueos, Fort Harford (San Luis Obinpo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., April 20, 24, 28, May 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Job* del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., "th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hour* of salllne.
TICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
street .Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC 12 First Cla ss Including Berths
In II I. $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails April 23; May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 2S; May i.
18, 28
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
-■ • E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3 St. Louis May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June X
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland May 24
Frlesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June i
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Moil Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday tfj
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $:15. Other Steamers. 9fl&
• Steerage Passage
Rome, *2S.SO. Furnessla. #24.50. - Ot*o
Strs.. 523.50.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery St..
Or L. F. COCKROFT, 114 Montgomery st.
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQDE
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. _^ cia>
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <jJj£nV»
from Pier 42. North River, foot of wwHSfc
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, April 29: LA
NORMANDIE. May 6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAONE, May 20; LA TOURAINE.
May 27. . First-class to Havre, 565 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre. J45; 10 Der cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowline
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZJ & • 0., Paci-
fic Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Fran-
cisco^
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m'
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave ' Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting- Sunday).
• CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will b« ready for business SATURDAY, April
29, 1839. 9:45 a. m. HATCH BROS. :ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SOCIETIES FOR
"HOME FINDING"
GROW RAPIDLY
Becoming a Business
in Oakland.
WILL "REPLACE" MISFITS
FUNDS SOLICITED FROM ALL
OVER THE STATE.
In Many Instances There. ls No Ac
counting for Money Received.
Old-Established Institu
tions Suffer.
i "all, |
iroadwa; April ffi.
5t thins in child training has
an institution known
of '96." ha\ Ing its head- ;
■■■ -• Oakland Th
circular soliciting funds, ;
m" «>f its work ap
■ question ai
Q Ls i child s
n in the j
• to 1 so, but by repl
lital ■ home may be found.
i £ from thirty
I. VS.
■ s this citj i '1 a
: • rg umber of chil-
Into exist
leiitly scandals ha;.
• ■.■ iine-finding so
erents ail over the
I 1- Ing subs Jr. same
ministers and '
- lend tl 3 1 ■ > Bocie
h bur without a thorougn '
:" i heir methods and pur-
S Iflcers ol
■ said that
■■' their wi irking but
tentions to be. go
nts have '■■•■■ n received
le regarding
•nd the manner in which
[n children. Rarely
prominent m.er
• very
■ ns, such as
i )ak
• tl home, suffer
many independl
esi :
- latest Institution,
: tisflt" c'hil
• lyn K. Beaton. 406
Mrs. Euphemla E. Poul
• iakland.
v. ss Mamie L. Buck,
. - pbine M Young, ,"2
-
Vuditof Mrs. Ethel Wisby, 1328 Vallejo
TOWNSEND ACCUSED.
WTcCann's Death Placed at His Asail
ant's Door.
ith nf JohirMcCann, which i
Sun- j
■ • : c of murd< r '
» nd. The inves-
I'clock. and the
:.-. <1 by a
. by a fall
■ by ,-i Mow by th»- hand of Con
send." The jury further charges
with the crime, the commission
eh was Immediately placed against
his name on the City Prison register.
Ther- wen over twenty witm ssea railed,
mob" I lm] ■ M N. R.
• ti ." ; l to sep-
I . men In front, of her place
:i Pablo avenue when Townsend was
g and kicking i the griit- I
: Knrl Sain, 'Walter Bigelow ami
Manuel Valdeß, who witnessed the fatal
struck.
,k Rf-millnrd. Ed Rnach. Frank
who were also
- . ■ 'ins: implicated.
l for the i I that they were
a drunk at the time of the
: . i did not remember many facts.
to-night. Townsend
Ives chum they
the] mp rtant witnesses and a
.inst him.
COLLEGE CIRCUS.
Announcement of the Programme to
Be Given by U. C. Athletes
Next Thursday.
RKELiEY, Aprii 2S Over 160 stu
■ part in the r«ig circus to
: ■ • !'■ ■•'.:• ; ' • campus next
afternoon. Arrangements fur
ffalr are complete President Mar-
Kg J ; all recitations
fternoon. The. ring- will be
Inder track, the per
nning at 2 o'clock.
gramme is .innfimrod:
(1) Leaping by twelve acrobats from
■ and Olympic clubs
! rniversity <>f • California,
rtlon ad by the celebra
wondef known <<s Tint, the
human snake. (3) Exhibition of bad
eback ruling by Mile. <\<i Clarki.
■iple horizontal bars, Vie Vldella.
• trapeze, Conlon and Blmp
<"luh swinging and brother
Gelder. Swift and Burke. (7> Pole
Itlng— Hoffman, Duden, Bakewell
Zederman. <S Bounding rope, El
Mint! Ed wnea hero of
Niagara Palls. (9) Boxing, wrestling
Kerfool . 'I hane, Lean,
Conlon and Carroll, net) Weight lift-
Torn Carroll, champion hammer
thrower of America, and A! Lean,
< Lampion heavy-weight lifter of
America.
DROWNED IN A BARREL.
ELAND, April 25.— San Leandro fur
■■' ' m (St peculiar cases of
nlng on record. A 2-year-old son of
i:nos in that quiet burg met i
early this evening in seven inch.
in the bottom of a bnrrel half
i in the ground, which was used as
a sort of cesspool.
The child had been playing in the back
yard and fell head first into the b
• which extended onl;
the surface of the ground The
.' i r»g the infant, made a hasty
' ■ " - v. ■ re r< alized
••>und her son dead in the bar
The remains were removed by DeD
uty Coroner Morgan and an Inquest win
GBAPE-NTJTS.
ITfffMTfTTf W § Wfff W~!Tf t!l
"We had
GRAPE-NUTS
For breakfast and never
before did I know what
a charming" flavor grape
sugar has." V..1
The concentration of
nourishment and .the " '
most delicious of all flavors,
; AT GROCERS.
BERKELEY GOT THE AX,
STAFORD HAS THE FENGE
We'll JaUe the
WKole Insti
tution Next
fime,Savj tke
f alo /lltarvs.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 25.— As the result
of a daring expedition undertaken last night by
twenty-two Stanford students the far-famed
B< rkeley fence, the traditional seat of the seniors,
rests new at Palo Alto in the possession of the
supporters of the cardinal.
The mammoth wooden "C" was removed from its sup
ports at 2:15 a. m., loaded on a wagon and brought around
the bay, arriving at the university about 1 p. m. The party
in charge of the trophy was met near Alviso by a large
body of Stanford students and escorted to the campus.
As the university was approached scores of men joined
the procession at different points along the road. By the
time the entrance t<: the college was reached the escort
numbered about sno. some being on wheels, in carriages
and buses, while ott-.ers were on foot.
The enterprise waß decided on yesterday noon. Most
of those who were to participate left on the afternoon
trains for Oakland. Four students, however, conducted
the wagon which was to cany the trophy to Stanford
d the bay.
-While the main party was waiting there to proceed to
Berkeley half of the members left for Piedmont, where
they secured a wagon. On entering Berkeley the difficul
ties began, for two special policemen, hired to watch the
university premises, followed the rig. The Stanford men
were In d< spalr. Then a plan to triok the officers was
worked out. As the night was dark, two men were to be
dropped from the wagon as every corner was rounded. At
last, when but four occupants were left, the policemen
overtook the men and searched the wagon. Nothing was
found and their mimls were made easy when they were
told the affair was a Berkeley D. K. E. initiation.
After apologising for his foolish alarm The policeman
told the men that he had believed them from Stanford on
ittempt to recapture the ax. "He Beemed to bo
prejudiced against the Stanford men." paid one of the
party "for he made terrible tin-eats against us and do
's he would 'jug 1 every Stanford student." The
campus watchman was led astray by two of the students
in a buggy, which they drove over the Berkeley hills.
In the meantime the majority at the party wasftt work
on th'- fence. It was taken In its entirety and carted to
? which was in waiting near Haywards. After
the transfer the triumphal procession toward Palo Alto
was begun. It consumed over ten hours.
The students heard the news with th<=> wilaest delight.
Tn an instant, every classroom and lab< ratory was de-
I. The band was summoned and the "jollying up"
continued until 3 o'clock.
OAKLAND LOSES
CONGREGATIONAL
CHURCH COLLEGE
It Will Be at Once Moved Out
Near the University.
The Site Is Now Much Too Large and
Valuable to Use President
McLean Explains.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, |
90S Broadway, April 25.
OAKLAND ts to lose the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary, which for thirty
years has been one of the b< st
known religious educational institu
tions on the coast. This Btep was decided
upon this evening at one of the most rep
resentative Congregational conferences
ever held here.
There are many reasons given for the
change of the location of the seminary,
but one of the most pressing is the ■
1 1 . .11 of finances. For some time it has
bees acknowledged by the trustees that
the institution could be conducted as ef
fectively in a locality where taxes are not
so high and where land is not so valu
able. It was not without many expres-
Pacific Theological Seminary, to Be Moved to Berkeley
After Thirty Years In Oakland.
sions of regret that it was determined to ;
move the well known institution to Berke- j
ley, for it has been one of the most ac
live centers of education since Oakland
first began to grow. In lftD, when Its
present site was a wilderness and land
was valued by the acre, the college was
founded. Now it is located in the renter
of the most valuable residence district
of tho city, and land is quoted by the toot
The board of trustees definitely decided
In favor of the change at a meeting held
late this afternoon at the seminary In
this city, following the thirtieth anniver
sary of the seminary, which was ob- r
served to-day. The matter, after having
been previously discussed, was yesterday
brought up for consideration before a |
[olnt meeting of the board of trustees,
fifteen In number, the seven members of
the faculty, ;tll the alumni of the Institu
tion within reach, som<vfi/teen or twenty. )
arid thlny other representative persons,
carefully selected from the Congrega
tional churches, ten of these being minis- |
ters and twenty lay members.
This joint meeting was held in the First
Congregational Church in San Francisco, j
The discussions and consideration of this 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
TJiE .HISTORIC FEME.
BERKELEY. April 25.— The ax feud between Stan
ford and Berkeley is not over. Failing in an at
tempt to recover their stolen mascot by raiding
one of the fraternity houses of the amiverslty
town at 3 o'clock in the morning, some days ago,
the Stanford men have avenged their loss by stealing the
senior fence from the Berkeley campus and carting it
bodily down to Palo Alto. This work of retaliation they
carried out successfully last night In a manner quite simi
lar to the previous raid.
In the dead of night a small band of cardinal enthusi
asts stole into town, bringing with them a heavy wagon.
Their point of rendezvous was near the bridge at the
upper end of the campus, close by College avenue. Think
ing the coast clear they started in the direction of the
fence, but encountered the nlghtwatchman near the
library. They succeeded in passing off as
Berkeley students and engaged the officer in conversation^
for over an hour upon the library Steps. It seemed as
though their second raid were doomed to failure unless tho
watchman oould be disposed of. In despair they pretended
to start for home, and the officer seeing them depart
walked over to the lower campus. The Stanford men
watched their chance, and hastening toward the fence
lifted it out of the ground, broke it Into sections and load
ing it on the wagon In waiting hurried away with tho
spoils. It was all done noiselessly, without any alarm
being Riven.
When the U. C. men came to recitations this morning
they were highly amused at the cardinal strategy. One
and all declared the josh to be on Stanford. The senior
fence was a weather-beaten concern erected by tho class
of '98, and consisted of a few planks arranged on supports
in the shape of a big C. It was not a college affair, but
belonged only to the class of '98, and had already out
lived Its usefulness when the class graduated a year ago.
Arrangements had been made to tear the thing down be
fore the end of the present term, as its presence could be
tolerated no longer. The Berkeley students smiled as they
thought of Stanford's success in ridding them of an old
eyesore, and they are congratulating themselves on seeing
it go. A section of them, .disposed to carry the josh still
further, are raising a subscription to send the cardinal the
sum of 50 cents, declaring that the expre.ssage ought not
to have been done gratuitously.
nil-important question occupied the whole
of the afternoon and lasted until a late
hour last night.
At Ita conclusion a hallot was taken on
the advisability of changing, the location
of the seminary from its present site to
one in Berkeley, as near as possible to
the State University grounds. The ballot
was almost unanimously in favor of the
change, the faculty and trustees not vot-
Ing, as they had called the conference as
advisory to themselves, ami final decision
ng with them In any event.
This action of the joint meeting was
offi< lally brought before the board of
trustees at its meeting this afternoon,
and after further discussion a unanimous
vote was taken committing the institu
tion to the change of location.
The property on which the Pacific The
ological Seminary has been located for
a third of a century consists of between
eight and nine acres on a knoll at the
head of Webster street, between Tele
graph avenue and Broadway, and above
St. Mary's College. It will make one of
the finest residence properties in the city,
and is to be sold by the trustees in ac
cordance with orders. . .
The board of trustees is composed of
Rev. John K. McLean. D.D. (president),
Rev. W. C. Pond, D.D. (secretary). Ed
ward P. Flint, James M. Haven (treas
urer), Rev. Henry E. Jewett, James E.
Ager. Rev. Samuel H. Willey, D.D., Na
thaniel P. Cole. Rev. Walter Frear,
Charles Holbrook, Rev.' George Mooar,
D.D. James L. Barker, Rev. Leland D.
Rathbone, George W. Scott and Rev.
George C. Adams, D.D.
Rev. Dr. McLean has been president of
the board for the past twenty years, and
managing president of the institution for
five years. He and the faculty heartily
approve the new plan, and would gladly
welcome any and all other, similar instl
tions to their neighborhood and a free
participation in all the advantages.
"Though we will leave our present
beautiful site with regret," said Presi
dent McLean to a' Call reporter after
the meeting, "we feel that new condl
It Wasn't JVlucK
of arx Old
Fence, Ar\\j-
KoW, Sa\j tKe
U. G. Boys.
tinns bring new responsibilities; and
sentiment must be sacrificed for the best
interests .of education. For several
months the question has oeen under dis
cussion whether the usefulness and real
power of the seminary might not he in
creased by placing it in proximity
to the State University. Our students
have for years been taking more and
more studies from the university and we
are anxious that we should avail our
selves more largely of the facilities there.
■ The changes taking place all the while
in society require the minister to be edu
cated more broadly than twenty-five
years ago. He needs to add to the old
standard branches some knowledge of the
new questions that have come forward
In . the life of this community. Upon the
other hand, as the university develops it
is putting into its own curriculum a great
many things which an isolated seminary
would have to furnish for Itself."
The graduating- exercises were also held
at the seminary to-day, the chief fea
ture being an able address by Rev. George
B. Hatch of Berkeley on "The Person
ality of the Preacher." Among the grad
uates were F. C. Krause of Washington;
also C. K. Takeda, who. after he shall
have concluded a two years' post gradu
ate course in divinity studies at Yale, will
return to Japan. The class was the
smallest in several years, owing to some
new adjustment in the curriculum. The
curriculum of the institution is now to be
materially changed and a committee has
been appointed to consider this particu
lar subject. The new features will be
partially put into operation with the
opening of the next seminary year which
will hereafter be at the same time as that
of the State University.
The alumni held a meeting this after
noon and thoroughly approved, by resolu
tion, the policy the seminary has adopted
and renewing assurances of Its hearty co
operation. '--.--
MRS. FRENCH'S RECITAL.
Interest in Her Forthcoming Pre- !
sentation of Original Work in
Prose, Poetry and
Music.
A musical and literary recital will he
Riven by Mrs. TTek>n Satterlee French,
widow of the Into Frank J. French, the
attorney, on Friday evening:, at Sherman
& Clay Hall, 225 Slitter street. The pro
gramme Includes some of her original
work in prose, poetry, drama and music.
It will be interpreted by Mrs. Batehel
der, pianist; Arthur Weiss, celloist; llo
th'er Wismer, violinist, and Mrs. Marriner
Campbell, Walter C. C.impbell and Miss
Van Pelt. Mrs. French's work is said
to possess much merit and interest has
been excited in this its first presentation
The recital Is under the patronage of the
following ladies and gentlemen:
Mr. and Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mr, and
NO LIQUOR AT
RAILROAD DEPOTS
Sweeping Order Issued to Go
Into Effect on June 1.
OAKLAND OFFICE SANT FRANCISCO CALL, 908 Broadway. April 25.
ONE of the .Host sweeping orders ever issued by the Southern Pacific
Company concerning the behavior and well-being of its employes goes
into effect June 1. It forbids tfie sale of liquor at restaurants connected
with the depots where such restaurants are rented from the railroad
company. As nearly every restaurant on the Western division is
rented from the railroad company this order has a very wide scope.
For many years the Southern Pacific has habitually .^siied orders for
bidding its employ-s from entering saloons when on duty and sometimes when
off duty. In many instances the trainmen have obtained their liquor at the
bars attached to the restaurants along their runs, and eight years ago the
first command was sent out that such places should not bo visited by em
ployes. Since then the number of saloon-restaurants at depots has grown
and the trainmen if they had felt inclined have found every facility to dis
obey the orders of the company.
The order just issued will cut off a large portion of the revenue of the
railroad company, for at the several stations rents for restaurants have
largely increased after the proprietors have obtained licenses to sell liquor.
Originally the rent paid at Nlles, for instance, was $10. Gradually it has crept
up till now the proprietor pays $40, and he has declared that when the order
goes into effect he will have to go out of business, for a large part of his in
come is derived from selling liquor. Of course, not only to trainmen, but to
passengers.
At several of the depots on this division men who have started In these
saloon-restaurants have grown rich on their profits, for it is customary to
charge two or three prices for drinks, and there was also a large business
done in flasks. Occasionally when a one-day or Sunday excursion passes
through some of these depots where saloon-restaurants are maintained hun
dreds of dollars have been spent while the train remained a few minutes!
with the result that before the passengers reached Oakland or San Francisco
there would be several wrecked cars and broken limbs.
Owen Rooney, the proprietor of the restaurant at the pi^-r. Bays his tface
does not come within the scope of the order, as his restaurant is away from
the depot and not under the jurisdiction entirely of the railroad company.
Mrs. H. L. Dodge. Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Stubbs. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel W. Holla
day, Judge and Mrs. C. W. Slack, Judge
and Mrs. A. R. Cotton, Mr. and Mrs. W.
I. Kip, Dr. and Mrs. George S. Adams,
Colonel and Mrs. Frank W. Sumner, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter C. Campbell, Mi 1 , and
Mrs. G. X- Fitch. Mr. and Mrs. S. Pren
tiss Smith, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Gunn, Dr.
and Mrs. L. Ti. Dunbar, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. George Hyde, Mrs. Mary W.
Kincaia, Mrs. C. T. Mills. Mrs. George
I^aw Smith, Mrs. Sarah Hamlin, Mrs.
Henry Wetherbee, Dr. Charlotte Blake
Brown.
NEILL WON FROM
TRACEY ON A FOUL
OTTS KNOCKED OUT JOHNSON IN
THE FIBST ROUND.
— — — —
Martin Denny Proved to Be an Easy-
Mark for Hard-Hitting
Jimmie Lawlor.
Professor Walter Watson made a ten
strike last evening as a judge of pugilistic
contests by awarding 1 the fight between
Al Neill and Tom Tracey to the former
on a foul '
The pugilists fought twenty rounds, and
in the last round Tracey, having been
cautioned several times during the mill
not to hit in a clinch, after being ordered
to break, again transgressed the rule and
the referee quickly ordered the contest
ants to their respective corners and, plac
ing his hand on Neill's shoulders, said,
"You are the winner." The decision was
received by the gallery and pit with
rounds of cheers for Neill and Referee
Watson.
The contest was a good one. It pleased
all present excepting those who take no
interest in the gaone of fisticuffs unless
it is composed of wild slogging, with facts
painted with gore. Neill proved that he
is a most promising candidate for honors
against the best men who represent the
145-pound class of professional fighters.
Although in a number of rounds Tracey
had the better of the contest on points, it
must be said that the battle was pretty
even up to the nineteenth round, al
though there were several hundred people
among the crowd who could see only one
man in the fight and his name was Neill.
Several times Tracey stopped Neill's
leads with his gloves, but the friends of
the local man thought that Neill landed
each time.
Tracey was In the pink of condition,
and those who witnessed the mill saw
him put up the best argument since his
arrival from Australia, but he could not
draw his opponent out, notwithstanding
the many fancy maneuvers he executed
during the contest. Tracey tried every
trick he knew of to get Neill to lower his
guard and give him (Tracey) an oppor
tunity to land the right on "the jaw, but
Neill wu.-; cool and kept the vulnerable
point w.-H protected, excepting in one
or two hot rallies, when Tracey sent home
a right upper cut that dazed the receive r.
In the first round Tracey somewhat be
wildered Neill by his rapid movements
and beautiful side stepping. He planted
his left glove on Neill's face several
times, but the blows were light. In the
second round Neill grew more confident
and was willing to tafce the love laps
in exchange for one or two right hand
smashes at any part of Tracey's body.
In a mix-up Neill landed a left swing on
Tracey's neck and in breakaway he Hung
the Australian down. In the third Neill
got home three stiff punches on Tracey's
neck and body, but caught a hard left
smash on the nose. I-n breaking from a
right clinch both fighters sprawled on the
floor.
1 Miring the fourth round Tracey jumped
around Neill like a grasshopper, but was'
stopped] suddenly by a stiff body blow,
which was followed by rapid exchanges
at close range, out of which Tracey came
a surprised man, as Neill sent him down
with a left-hander on the neck. The Aus
tralian was up quickly and smiled
blandly.
In the fifth, sixth and seventh rounds
Tracey changed his style of fighting and
resorted to tactics of stabbing his oppo
nent in the stomach at long range. By
this method he expected that Neill would
lower his guard for the chin, but the
game did not pan out as Tracey expected.
Still, Tracoy waa rapidly scoring up
points.
In the eighth round the Australian
came very near bagging the home man.
After a series of exchanges Neill made
a wicked left swing for Tracey's pointed
jaw, which the Australian ducked like a
flash and then caught Neill a hard short
arm righthand punch on the jaw. which
caused Neill's knees to bend under him.
Tracey shook Neill from a clinch and
tried hard to end the game, but failed in
the attempt. Neill went to his corner
very Kroppy. The time clock saved him.
In the tenth Tracey was hissed for hit
! ting in the clinches.
The eleventh round was the most ex
' citing of the evening. The fighters mixed
I matters up and Neill happened to catch
i Tracey a hard right swing on the ear
which staggered the Australian. Neill,
seeing his opportunity, went at Tracey
wildly, rind the Australian, by remark
ably clever ducking and clinching, got
back his senses and caught Neill a fear
ful smash on the jaw which sent Neill
staggering- and clinching. Tracey again
tried to finish Neill, and during "the ex
citement the sports above and below
were on their feet and shouting like mad
men. Traecy hit Neill another hard
smash in the mouth as the gong sounded
for corners.
After this the fighters were pretty well
pumped, and the exchanges at closerange
were not so numerous until the final
round, when Tracey again tried to land
his right and failing in the attempt he
! struck Neill. in a clinch and lost the fight.
Billy Otts knocked out Charley Johnson
in the first round, and Jimmy Lawlor pot
a decision from Joe Acton over the Aus
tralian. Martin Denny, who did not seem
tn be trying to bag his man very hard,
although Law'or fought well.
Builders' Contracts.
J. S. Oyster (owner) with Robert Orel*? (con
tractor), architect Clinton Day— All work for
a two-story attic and basement frame building
on W line of Scott street. SB:2Vi S of Broad
way, S SI by W 120, Western Addition block
4C6; $18,400.
Crocker Kutate Company (owner) with
Joshua Hendy Machine Works (contractors)
architects Tharp & Holmes— Iron bases
and columns for a seven-story and basement
brick, stone and iron building on NW corner
of. Post and Gardener streets. N 137:6, W 1186
S 50, E 19:6, S 87:6. E 99; $9870.
Same owner with same contractors, archi
tects same— All terra cotta work, except terra
cotta arches over windows for same on same'
$12,430.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OP THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, Safe but Effectual Cure
for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or
bloated sensation after .eating, accom- '
panied sometimes with sour or watery
risings, a formation of gases, causing
pressure on the iungs and heart and
difficult breathing; headache, fickle ap-
petite, nervousness and a i general
played out and languid feeling. • \
There is often a foul taste in the
mouth, coated tongue, and if the inter-
ior of the stomach could • be seen it
would show a slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and ob-
stinate disease is found in "a treatment
which causes the food to be readily and
thoroughly digested before it has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate
mucous surface of the stomach.
To secure a prompt and healthy di-
gestion is the one necessary thing to
do, and when normal digestion is se-
cured the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and- best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase,
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden
Seal and fruit acids.
These tablets can now be found at all
drugstores under the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, and, not being a
patent medicine, can be used with
perfect safety and assurance that
healtHy appetite and thorough diges-
tion will follow their regular use after
meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn
street, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh
is a local condition, resulting from a
neglected cold in the head, whereby the
lining membrane of the nose becomes
inflamed and the poisonous discharge
therefrom, passing back into the throat,
reaches the. stomach, thus producing
catarrh of the stomach. Medical au-
thorities prescribed for me three years
for- catarrh of the stomach without
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of
men after using only one box of j
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I; - cannot
find appropriate words to express my
good feeling. 1 have found flesh, ap-
petite and sound rest from their use "
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest preparation as well as the sim-
plest and most convenient remedy for
any form of indigestion, catarrh of the
stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals.
Send for book, mailed free, on stom-
ach troubles, by addressing the F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. The tab-
lets can be found at all drugstores.
M*^ J No KNIFE or PAIN
Ha"^ woman's breast is
h3| K«§L also common places
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.,25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
dSS^^SciHw * w '^ guarantee
BMElflJE^^^ that my' Kidney Cure
J&atS&mSffiEL. "will cure 90 per cent.
t " **^BJggb of all forms of kidney
*£& ■#@y °° m P' a i ut ant * ' v
g& t?SB many Instances the
rV most serious forms of
I IPS/ Bright's disease. If
a /*s«£*? - the disease is com-
k.^«U plicated send a four-
>TOt"3B|£ ounce vial of urine.
t^fe^^^»^?K We U1 analyze it
i \6pF*'vtßßStfT&g and advise you free
At all druggists. 28c. a rial. Guide to Health
lid medical adrloe five. 150S Arch st. l'hiia
Ist Day. &£cuJ^gl < & (egl THE NEW «
Vrt3T 10th Day. «is« x»L .TZ |T RE li WlSac
YITALIS 20thI!ay - 5S- M bcmchy
PKODHKS TMF SOth Day. liklnClflai
RKSn.TS. Hqnickly&surelyremovesXervousness lim.otcncy
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Divines and all effects
of 8«l!-abH5* or excrss and indiscrftion. Restores Lo«f Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITA LI
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail jtl.oo
Mr package or six for #».<>O with a guarantee" to Cure Of
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
VALIMET CUBE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Cli!ca*«
Sold by Owl Drug: Co., S. F. and Oakland.
/"^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^^Jifl 625 KEARSI ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G25 KEARST ST, Established
in 1534 for the treatment of I'rlvatO
KjiLJv 3Wf nSseiisf\s. Lost Manhood. Dt*bllit7 or
tJw!Jig- ( s«^ disease wearingon bodyami mind and
blciM Diseases. l'lit>cJocU)rouresuh'>ii
others fall. Try him. Charges low
i?MaSte2sivsa l'ure«i;uai'nnli't-d. Cailorwrite.
Sir. J. r. •ilßttOK. Box 1357. 5 ac Francisco
BAILEOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
• RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of .Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 *. m. 12:35,
3:80, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Exfa' trips at i:Si)
anil 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. i m ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
■WEEK DAYS-r6:10, 7:80, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
8:40, 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 arid' 6:Bs p. m. \
6UNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above. ■
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisoo.
. : — April 16, ; .
Week Sun- 1!>99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days'. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm s:oopmi Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an»
Heald&burg,
- Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and \ 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am| • ' 10:25 ara
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm I 6:20 pro
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ara
and
E:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am,10:25 am
1:80 pm| 5:00 pm| ■ ■ ■ 1 7:33 pm «:23 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg*
Springs'; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad •Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter, Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell'B, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvilli\
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whlteeboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragsr,
Westport. Usal. Willltts, Laytonville, ' Cum-
mlng'B r Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. •
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices-, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
•_flsnfirH Manages flea. Pass. Aseati
AUCTION SALES.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY.-. APRIL 26. 1898
. At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1736 GOLDEN GATE AYE., NR. BRODERICK
• STREET.
By Order of MR. J. NEWMAN.
We will sell-
ALL THE ELEGANT FURNITURE,
CARPETS, PIANOS, BILLIARD TABLE.
MIRRORS. BRIC-A-BRAC, Etc.. Con-
tained in Above Residence.
DAVIS. BELAU & CO., Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MMTIIIKN r-ACIPIC t'O.MI'A.N T.
(PACIFIC HVSTK.M.)
Trnln» Imvr jui.l inn <l;ir to nrrlve at
NAM VKAN€IW<:O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
i.save — From April 9, 1899. — arrive
•O:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *»:45\
7:O«a Kenicia, Suisuh and Sacramento . . . 8:45p
-;(M»a Mftrjeville, tJruTilleand Redding «ia
Woodland »2«Br
":O«»a Klmira,, Vacaville and Kumaey 8:I5p
7:U«a Martine/., Han U:imon,VaUejo. Napa, ■. ;,\
Oalistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
»:«O» Atlatitic Bxuresß, Ogden and Kast.. 8:15»
MiHOa San .lose. Lireimore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Flacenllle,
Marygfllle. Chico, UeiUlliilT 4:l*p
N::tOA "Milton, OaktUle and Bouora 4<lsp
9:UOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno IStlSr
9iWOa Freanu, llakcrsiic M. Santa lUrliara,
I/OS Aogeles, Deruing, El Paso,
New Orleans and East <1:45p
' IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:15*
I2:OUM Nile's, Lrverraore, Stockton, Uacra-
niento, Mendota, Hauford, ViaalU,
PorterTille *tl*t
•l:OOp B«cr»meuto River Steniuers '8:0 Op
<:Uiii' Mai tine/.. Him Ramon, Vallejo,
Najm, I'alintiiKa, Santa Hoaa 9sl»*
4:ottr Benicia, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, ' Knights Landing,
MarygvUle, Oroville IO:4»a
4:»»p Niles, Son Jose and Stockton 7il»p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond lE:l5r
«:OOp The Owl. Fresno, Bftkersfield, Sun-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:13*
55j00p Picifio Coast Limited. El Paso.
.Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and isoat tB:ISA
5:30p Stockton, Meroed. Fresno lit: 15?
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavu and I.ob AiiKeles 8:4.1*
siBOp Santa Pa Route, Atlantic Express
for M.iJMK- and ICast 6:4.1?
6:OOi> Knropeßii Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 9:45 \
liiiiop Haywards, Nilea and San Jose ~:J3a
•«:oO|. Vallejo 18:l»r
7:Oi)i- Oregon lOxiireßS, Sacrainentd, Marys-
ville. Ite.l.linK, Portland, Pngtit
Sound and Kast 7<49&
1S:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ! JlOi»0»
t!O:O.1r Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans,
and East :i:43>
SAN LEAKDRO AM) RAIWABDB LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
' llclroHe, Seniiuiiry i^irk, ( 6:i!>A
«:OOa l'ltclu')ur»r, Klmhun»t, (}i>:l9a
iV:O»A Kan l.i'Hiiilro, South San l*«:l5i
lO.ooa Leandro, KnlucllHo, I():I.1a
tl I:OOa ■ . Lorenzo, Cherrj \ tl i : 1 *
i3:«l«p all< j 12:15p
5:OOp llavnards t2s43p
' sOOp i Runs through to Nile. . '5:1?!
J t From Nllea. I 7 ' 43>
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Juugc).
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
t7:45A Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBiO3»
8:15 a Newark.Ceuterville.SanJoge.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations 5:8»»
•2il3p Newark, Center»ill», San ,I»so, New
Almaden, Feltou, Booldor Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo:soa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2« a
64il5pFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
t ions ■...■■ /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slia —
♦7:15 . 9:00 :00a.m. {.1:33 *2:00 {3:00
•1:00 t5:00 •6:03 p.m.
Prom OAiUllD— foot «f Bro«iw«T.— "fi : oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
{12:00 »l:00 {2:00 '3:00 1 1:00 -8:00 P.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iauire).
I '•■' (Third and To^nsemi SU.)
•6:1 ua South San Francisco *6:30 i»
•7:OOa San Jose n»il Way Stations (New
Aliuaden Wednesdays only) I: SO*
{7:20 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
SanU Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations {8:33p
9iooa Sun .li).^", Trrs linos. Hwita Cm/.,
Pacitic Grove. I'uiio Rubles, Han
Luis Obbpn, (<uadalupe. Surf anil
Principal Way .SUtlnns 4:lOp
IO:4Oa San Jose aud Way Stations ««:«»Oa
11i3«a Sau Jose and Way Stations 5:30p
•ai4si> San Mut.-o, Redwood, Menlo Park,
• Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose, i
Oilruy, Holllster, Santa Orii7.,
.Siilinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grnve •lO:3<U
•HiSOp San Jose and Way Stations »9:OOa
•4:13p San -lose and Principal Way Stations »:45a
».1:OUp San Josoaml Trincipal Way Stations 0:50 a
B:8Of San Jose uu.l Principal Way Stations "H:;tr>A
6:SUi-3aii Joseauil Way Station* 7:»<>p
1:4.1 1- Sau Jose ami Way Stations 7:'Jop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. { Sunday only, r Saturdays only.
Mondays only. and Sunday
J Sunday nu.l Monday.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9,:52 A. M. th»
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-,
servatlon Car . and Electrl*
Lighted Sleepinsr Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCISCO lICKEf OFFICE— SZ3 MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2 Dl J Street.
Saa Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Sl*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April £i, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7!OO, *8:00, '9:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45,. 3:20, 4:00. 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. 1:00. *1:45, *2:30, *4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Kafl Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM 7 SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:35. 8:40. »10:20
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15. »3:40, 4:35, 5:16 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. '8:00, *9:45. "10:45. •11:45
a. m. , 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, *5:15. »6:00. 7:00. 10:13
p. m
Trains marked (•') start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m. : 12:35. 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:01.
1:20, 2.40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ni.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1399, trains will run as follows)
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger, j Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 ami 5:35 pm. Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 8:23 pm| Vlsalla ■ 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
. 12:15 ptal 6:53 pro Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DATS, 9:30 a. m. and -:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2.JJ
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Asts.. 621 Market at.
1112
ACTIVE DEMAND
ear IMPROVED
REAL PROPERTY
Many Buyers Seeking
Investments.
A FEW BIG DEALS CLOSED
AGENTS ARE WELL SATISFIED
WITH THE OUTLOOK.
Temporary Falling Off in the Number
of Sales Recorded Not Due to
Any Reaction in the
Market.
The real estate market has been very
quiet during the past week, but while |
actual transactions were light the de
mand for Improved, income-producing 1
property continues active, with a num- .
ber of good-sized deals, on the verge of
being consummated. The sale of the
Tubbs mansion on Jackson street, near
Steiner, which was concluded early last'j
woek, wae the largest single transaction :
noted. Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. also
closed a deal by which Rudolph Bpreck
els becomes the owner of a triangular
piece of property with a frontage of 74.6
feet on O'Farrell' street, with a depth of
337.6 feet and having a 60-foot frontage
on Elwood alley. The big piece of
ground was owned by a number of par- j
ties and part of it was secured some time
ago. The transfer of the O'Farrell street
frontage, however, was not made until
Monday. The tire purchase represents I
an investment of >■" 000. It is the pur- !
pose of the new owner to erect a first- j
class building on the property, although
•it may be some time before active opera
tions are begun.
Nearly twenty building .permits have
been taken out during- the past week, the
amounts involved aggregating between
J:«t,!VVi and $100,000. This a in addition. to ,
several big buildings that are soon to go
up, including the new opera-house on
Geary street and the big store and office
building on the corner of Geary and
Stockton streets. The latter is to be |
erected by C. C. Black, the capitalist,
who owns the property, and the work or i
tearing down the old buildings that now
encumber the site is pressing rapidly.
The Kit is 137x137, and Mr. Black will put
up a building that will be R credit to the
city and the location. The foundation
will be put in for a ten-story building, al
though it is probable that the structure
at present contemplated will not be over
six stories in height. It will cost about
$100,000.
The new building to be erected by
Henry Kahn on Ellis street, between
Powell and Mason, will cost in the neigh-.
borhood of $175,000.
A. J. Rich & Co. yesterday executed a
leasehold of the store and basement at j
the corner of Grant avenue and Geary |
street to R. P. Davis of Sacramento. |
The lease is for live years at a monthly
rental of ?550. The lessoxs are Davis
Brothers; no relation to the lessee.
Loans have been fairly good during the
past week, but only one for an unusual- j
Fy large amount was recorded, that of i
the German Savings Bank, of $67,000 to
John and Hannah McDonald on the prop
erty at the northwest corner of Devlsa
ri< ro and Eddy. -
Isaaf Upham has purchased from the
estate of Mary Irwin the lot and Im
provements on Market street, 114:1 west j
of Franklin street, for $21,500. Thomas |
Magee Sons have sold a two-story brick
building in Main street, south of Mission,
Eastern & Eldridge disposed of the fol
lowing pieces of property at auction yes
terday:
Lot and improvements on Diamond .
street 195:2 south of Seventeenth, 24;10x
125,*;f0r ?zm.
Lot and three fiats on McAllister street,
351:3 west of Lyon. 25x137:6; for $3"v.0.
Lot and improvements on Alabama
street; 210 fret south of Twentieth street,
25x100, for 12100.
Lot on Twenty-fifth street, corner of
Pan Rmnn avenue, 25x10,f0r $3200.
Lot and Improvements north side of
Geary street, 165 feet east of Webster,
for $5800
Russell & Surrhyne report the following
recent salfr; made:
House and lot 45 South Park, 22:6x97:6,
$32.-.n.
House and lot 216 Sanchez street, near
Market, $2600.
Lot on north line Hnight street, 71 feet
east of Baker. 50x110. $6250.
Cottage nd lot on east line of Steiner
Ftreet; between Eddy and Ellis, 17:6x65:9,
$1500.
Lot on east line of Capp street, 50 feet
Fouth of Nineteenth, 25x97:6. $1700.
Cottage and lot on west line of Church
street, between Twenty-third and Twen
ty-fourth, r,2:6x11":6. $2400.
Lot 75x100, on Fourteenth avenue, be
tween M and N streets. South San Fran
cisco. $800. .-.,-.-. : :
House and lot on the north line of Fol
pom street, between First and Second,
2.-XIOO, $4000.
Cottage and lot. Twr-nty-ninth street,
near Sanchez, 25x114, $1600. ■ •> .;
Cottage and lot on the north line of
Green street, near Laguna, 29:6x137:6,
$2«00.
House and lot on the north line of Page
street, near Fillmorpi, 25x100, $5300.
Lot on Twenty-fourth avenue, near
Clement street, 25x120, $350.
Lot on thp south Hne of Greenwich
street, near Buchanan, 25x137:6, $700.
Cottage and lot on the South line of
Austin avenue, between Franklin and
Gough streets, 25x00, $1250.
Lot m the southeast corner of Oak and
Ashbury streets, 73x137:6, $9300.
The above firm will sell at auction on
Tuesday next eight choice pieces of prop
erty, including a building on Sixth street,
.which is rented for $208 per month; ele
gant residence on Pacific Heights; choice I
building lot on Mission street; business
corner on Golden Gate avenue, and an
other on Post street; residence on Wash
ington street; unimproved corner on Eddy
street and a cottage on Mission street.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F H Dakin, Shasta Miss Green. Wis
C F Pea body. N V C. E Goodman, Napa
E M Bhepard, MY J E Farmun. Pa
C Merlin. Colo M Fulda, N V
D J Smith. Reno L A 11,I 1 , th, Pa.
Mrs <• J Smith. Reno Mrs Poth Pa
Mrs I. C. Hanks, ttex Mies Poth. Pa
E W Christie. Ala iFrank Poth, Pa
A L Levlnsky. stktn IC Boiler. N V
L Kahn, Oakdale • Mrs C Boiler, N T
E W Waynright. Colo Mrs J S Cone, H Bluff
[■■ M Bradahaw, L Ang Miss Cahoone. R Bluff
f: 8 Abrams, N V IE M Ware. Chgo
B Tripp, Yankton r S Grant. San Diego
E Ellint. Washington Mrs Grant. San Diego
E V Morgan, N V Miss Wood. San Diego
M Rosenthal. Vienna B P Weston. Seattle
L Zelster. Chgo Mrs Weston, Seattle
E Harrison. N V U B Peck. NY
E Genthe. Wash J p p.atei. n V
It r •; Roddick CandaMrs J 1' Bates. N T
A D Mathews, Canada D A Robinson, Seattle
R M Wells. Canada J Graham, Pa -!
Sir W C Van Home, : Mrs J Graham. Pa
Montreal iMiss L Shelundine, Pa
H C McPike, Oakland A '> Archibald, N V
W J Stewart, Aromas A Fell. N V :-•'<
W Geary. USA Miss Fell. N V
R Oswald, Portland Mrs J B Farleh. Colo
I H Bane. S Rosa A W Burnett, N V
3 C Charpentler, Max \v R Zullch, Ohio
Mrs .1 C Charpentler, I Mrs Harvey. Gait
Mexico Mist Harvey, Gait .
Mrs J s Charpentler. A F Jon*n, Oroville
Mexico M I" Stelnman. Sacto
6 M Green. Wls
GRAND HOTEL.
W A Sehorn. Willows .1 D Bradley Cal
W E Wilson & w, Cal H R Stern. S Jose
G w Hall. Pa :■' H O'Donoughue
I. P Larsen, Cal Rochester .' '
J D McQllvray, Colo J M Strlenlng, S Rosa
C X Cadman, Pinole J C Tlce, S Roßa
E W Graebe & w, Cal:J C Zuck, Gllroy
a L Baker, Tacoma W Gibson, I. Ang
J uoirjberg, NY J H Beecher, Cal
F W Daly, N V IH G Church. Chgo
E L Boardman & w. ■II H Tlemey, Sacto
Billings F. A Forbes. O->
R L Fmzer & w, Or H W Hall. F ■.,)-§/,
C R Beals & w. Or F W BeckwlthTcal
P A Knox, Utah |!< T Overt, Toledo
J It Boyscll, Neb ,15 M Woodhull, Stkton
D Hollister. Cal R H Rountree & w,
J Bet hell. Sacto I: Arizona
A R Mitchell & w, J H Edwards, Cal
Boston ... / H M Wallace, Cal
E M Kahard, Boston i|F C Merrill. USA
A W Enfleld, CM IJ Rag-Rio, Anpels ■
T H Brooks, Mass j G D Fuller, Maoon
F H Hayes, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. !
S J Desmond, Los An'g'G B Jones. Sanu Diego
P .1 Murtha, Cal .1 Anderson, Riverside
J E Ellis. Fresno HC Rice. Riverside
w Chlsholm. Reno |J W Longren * w, Cal
B Watson. St Louis iB Kreiß. Portland
J W Murray. St Taiil R L Harli n, Portland
J E Hall, Modesto W R Griffith. Latrop
J 2 Baxter, Petaluma 9 Wilson & w, Porlld
II H Cralß. Seattle J8 Wilson & w, Or
C B Smith, Portland A Rulser & w, Manila
LATE SHIPPING l>TKLLlt;i:>< K.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 25.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 19 days
trim Hilo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 25- Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed April 23 Stmr George
Loomls, for Pan Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« Kan Fr*nel»co
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6I7 Montgomery street, j
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 clock.
OS Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 MlFßlon street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corn«r of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. ' '
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY.) -J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jKjf :
gree. THEO. FROLIi H, Sec. /▼ >|
I MIFSION Chapter No. 79. H. A. M.— «
I Constitution and dedication of chap- #$l
ter uriU installation of officers, It 2?
THURSDAY EVENING. April 27. at /V>
7:30 o'clock, at Mission Masonic Temple, -OCS
Mission St., by the M. E. Grand Chapter, K.
A. M., of California; M. E. P. G. H. P. ;
I THOS. ii. CASWELL officiating. Royal
I Arch Masons cordially invited. By order of :
I the H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. m
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES- _ /V
HAY) EVENING. April 20. tat ?;MTV
o'clock. By order of the W. M. ■/V > i
H. FORTRIEDE, SeeJ
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. I€ 6. F. and A. »
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-_J^
DAY) EVENING. April 2*. at 7:MTX_V
o'clock. Third degree. /v >
! THEO. E. SMITH, Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— fIT~
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _ Mm.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- >&LjP
. gree. C. D BUNKER, Sec. /V^
1 ODD FELLOWS' excursion and miXa-
picnic WEDNESDAY, April -' . 4?£ : ; *"&
Joth anniversay, Mirabel Park,
Round-trip ticket $1. Come one, £wflw;
; come all. and have a good time. Boat leaves
Tiburon ferry at foot of Market st. at 9
'.-lock sharp. COL. H. O. BROWKK.
Chairman Committee of Arrangements.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent. As-
sociation—The regular meeting will 77 ~^*-
be held at hall. 320 Post st., THURB- <i^2it>
"DAY. April 27. at 7:30 p. m. All."'
members are requested to be present, as a j
; committee will be appointed for the purpose
I of revising the constitution, by laws and
ritual. L. TRAIN.. X- Sec.
BUNKER HILL Association Committees from I
the Sons of the American Revolution and j
Calfornla Pioneers will meet the Bunker Hill |
Association at the' Occidental Hotel THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at I o'clock, to I
continue the preparations for the celebration
of the 124 th anniversary.* of the Battle cf
I Bunker Hill. GEO. W. CASWELL, 8e«. j
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet- |
Ing of the • holders of "the Hutchinson j
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the :<*h day
; of May, ■ 19, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the j
I transaction of such other business as may
; come before the meeting. Transfer books will i
! close on Friday, April 28, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E, H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
I NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
j of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
I COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company ha been calle'J by said I
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock in the '
forenoon of said day. at the principal pis of j
business of paid Company, at the building '
1 where the said Board of Directors usually ]
I meets, namely, at the office of said Company, ]
number 327 Market st.. In the City nnd County i
of Pan Francisco, State of ■ California: that i
the object of said rnei-ting is to consider and ]
act upon the proposition that Faid Company |
create a bonded indebtedness of two million ;
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). In
United States .gold coin, for the purpose of j
raising money to complete the construction |
of its steamships and their equipment, for :
use in the business of this corporation, and 1
to purchase and pay for any other property
■within the purpose;: of Company; and to '
secure the bonded Indebtedness fo proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam j
and sailing ships and all other property of
Bald Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired ny said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the :
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com- ]
, pqny.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., S. F . Cal.. has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1. 1899: Dor-
othy Edye, 8 years; Susan Connolly, 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, «
• years: Helen G. Dawson, 6 yean«: Am;:- F.
I Peoples. 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen, 6 year?: Marietta E. Mc-
Kewen. 3 years: Georgia A. Smith, 11 years;
Laura Cui-ter, 11 year;*; Edna A. Anthony, 9
years; Myrtle Corrlgan, 11 years: Lillian E.
Powers, 7 years; Theresa M. Bowtwell, 18
years; Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $S: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint C 0.. '31-9 3d st. 1
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room* 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 92 (fifty
cents per share) of th' Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at tha office of the
company. 327 Market St., on • and after
TUESDAY, May 2, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday. April 26, 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. K. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
K.MPLOY.Mr.NT Ol>lor>.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS \VA.M'EI)-Ki;.UAHi.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, a number of first-class girls await
i situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 gutter st.
I __^__^___ _^__^^__^__
A YOUNG girl wishes place to do housewoVk,
care- of children or second work; $12 to $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houtieworker; city or country; $12 to $15';
best references. MRS. NORTON.. .313 Sutler.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook and housework
girl; city or country. MRS. NORTON. 313
Butter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS girls desire situations as
cook and chambermaid and waitress; best
' references*; country ' hotel preferred. MI.-S
CULLEN, 525 Sutter st. .
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework girl: $10 to $15; refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler Ft.
FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires situation,
city or country; also a first-clasa chamber-
maid and waitress; best reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
SCANDINAVIAN' cook, 2 years' reference from
last place, wishes situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Putter st.
WORKING housekeeper, by Eastern widow;
elderly; experienced In cooking, washing,
cleaning house, the care of children; refer-
ences; wages small.- J. 8., 2CB Stevenson st.,
room 7.
RELIABLE mlddle-aeed woman, good cook,
would do light housework; can give good ref-
erence; moderate wages; city or country.
• Call 805 Geary Ft., near Hyde.
COMPETENT girl wants general housework In
ta small family; wages $15 to $20; has good
references. 66 Chesley, bet. Seventh and
Eighth, off Harrison. • ■ : - . -/'
EXPERIENCED Swedish girl wants second
work In a private family; city or country.
Address 125 Welsh St., off Fourth, bet. Bryant
and Brannan.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do house-
work; good cook; experienced; city references
761V4 Howard st. . • •
j SITUATION wanted by a young German girl;
upstairs work and sewing; understands wait-
I ing at table. Please call or address 830 Geary.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist In light
housework; wages $12. Call at 137:."-. Eddy,
bet. Webster and Buchanan.
YOUNG girl (Swedish) wishes to do second arid
seamstress work; references; no postals
Please call at 241 Fell st.
YOUNG girl wants place for light housework;
wages $12. Apply 607 Buchanan st.
GIRL wishes situation to cook, wash and iron
In private family. . 242 Xatoma st.
THE SA:N FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
RELIABLE girl desires situation to assist in
general housework; no children; wages $12.
Write for 2 days, 312 Chapultepec st.
GERMAN girl wants place for general house-
• work. 708 Haigrht aye., near Webster, Ala-
ineda.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wants position as
housekeeper in small family; city or country.
727% Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
WOMAN would likn position to do general
housework in private family. 119 A Sixth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
leaning. Box 10S. Call.
REFINED, capable nurse wishes place with
infant or child; fine, sewing. Box 107. Call.
FIRST class ironer wants situation In city or
country. '10 Whitmore.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as cook
or housekeeper. Box IS7, Call.
WANTED— Work of any kind by the day; first-
class laundress; reference. B.IIR Geary st.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wishes a position in
a private family; $30. LAUNDRESS, 645
Minna st. • . ' . . -?.:'--*
YOUNG woman would like to care for chil-
dren • or do any other work evenings after
7 o'clock; IS. Call or write MISS 8., 528
Ellis st.
RELIABLE woman for housework;, city or '
country; wagPH $lfi. Address box 102, Call
office for 2 days.
RELIABLE woman wiflhes a position as work- j
Ing housekeeper; competent to take full I
charge. Box 297, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
light housework or to nurse a child. Ad-
dress 926 Jackson St.
FIRST-CLASS German co.ok; German and
American cooking: wishes situation; city or
country. S4S Third st.
COMPETENT woman to go out by the day for
washing and ironing; with reference*. Call
at 102 Bartlett st. •
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework: is good cook and housekeeper;
wages moderate. Address 502" Stevenson St.,
corner Sixth.
FIRST and second cook,, all around, wants ult-
uatlon in first-class hotel and restaurant; ref-
erences; city or country. Apply at 242 Na-
toma st., basement.
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes po-
sition in hotel; city or country. 1014 Howard.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper. Call for
: 3 days at 821 Mission st., room 1.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl to do general house-
work. Call 1223 Rhode Island, bet. Twenty-
third and Twenty : fourth. •; ■
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 100 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; »1 50 to 16
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
— '■
SITUATIONS WANTED— MAJLIS.
FIRST-CLASS German couple desire situations
as cock and absist in general; best reference; !
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler. !
2 FIRST-CLAS English butlerß desire situa-
tions; best local reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutler et.
JAPANESE CHINESE Emp. Agency.; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30. Geary St.; tel. Grant it.
JAPANESE employ office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 726 Geary st. ; tel Polk 12.
: CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
I SIXTH, 331— A professional nurse would like
! a "position as nurse in family; reasonable
; terms. : --; r - •
I AS barkeeper by a respectable single middle- ;
aged man. with good personal references;
speaks German. BARKEEPER, 87 Third st.
WANTED by young man about place, Indoor
or outdoor work: good horseman; best city
' references. HENRY ANDERSEN. 219 Kearny.
GENTLEMAN having resided many years In
Pwris and Rome desires to give lessons in
both languages! reasonable. Box 168, Call.
CHINESE cook (first class) wants situation in
private family; city or country; bent refer-
ence "• < Dupont si., telephone Main 1788.
UPHOLSTERER, German young man, wants
work. 7 Grant aye., room 10.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who un-
derstands* his business; will work as assist-
ant; salary no object; good reference. Box !
101, Cull office.
HANDY young man desires work In the city;
reference. Address box 295, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cheesemaker wishes situation on
a large ranch. C. 8., 431 Pine st.
BARBER, first class, journeyman, married,
; wif>he.~. steady situation in country; wages
! must be good. Address J. H. WEINERT,
I M 6 Mieslon st.
j GOOD order cook wants a place in a coffee
and chop house or es oyster opener- or cook
for lunch counter. 514 Central aye.
STEADY position a.« night or day watchman
i by middle-aged man: thoroughly honest, will-
ing an.i trustworthy; If required, will give;
! security. S. PAQUAT, box 674, Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener would like a position;
capable of taking entire charge of private
place; city or country; thoroughly under-
stands horses, cows, chickens, etc.: also
i handy with tools; best references. Box 076,
Call office.
YOUNG Englishman residing in Berkeley would
like a position in grocery store in city or Onk- I
! land with a chance of learning business; t>"st j
references; small wages. F. 1.. box 87, Call.
GARDENER, middle-aged, competent; under-
stands care and management of horses, stock.
etc.; small wages; first-class recommenda-
tions. Gardener, box 277. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gents' garment cutter, using S
systems. is open for engagement; No. 1 East-
ern references given. Address L. T. MUTH, ;
38-40 Cordova St., Vancouver, B. C.
WANTED— An honest, ambitious young man
of ability desires position In store, Office or
wholesale house; good references. Address
P. H. 8.. 781 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking ■ business wishes a
! situation in the country or city. Box So, Call.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced,
steady. 37, desires employment; town or
country; references. Box 294, Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
: C. R. v \.\sk.\' a- TO?^.^??r.Phone Grant ISS '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT '
Head waitress, $25 and J2O; side waitress for
country commercial hotels, $20; 2 waitresses
for opjne country hj>tel, $22 50; chambermaid,
country hotel, $18; 4 waitresses, city, $20;
won.an to cook for 15 men, $25, see party here
to-day ■
FAMILY ORDERS
2 cooks, German families, $30; 6 Swedish and
German girls, general housework. $25 to $30;
20 house girls of all nationalities for city,
$15 to $25; cook and laundress, country, $30,
see lady here this morning; cook and laun-
'dresa, small family, country, $25; ranch cook,
$20; C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
■ GIRL to work half day and Bleep home, $12 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
. REFINED German second girl, $20 per month;
good place. Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND girl. 2 in family, $20; 3 second girls,
$20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook and housework girl, $20, Mar-
tinez; neat second girl, 2 in family, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
LADY'S maid, $30 per month; 2 second girls,
$20 and $25; nurse. $25; 10 housework girls,
city and county, $20 and $25 per month; <
young, girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl assist housework, Capltola, $15,
see lady here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Sausalito, $25, 2 in family; housework.
Glen Ellen, {20; small hotel, see lady here;
housework. Belvedere, $30. for the Ist of May,
see lady here. • MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
YOUNG nurse girl. $10 per month; French
nurse, 1 child 6 years old, $25; waitresses,
hotels and restaurants, $20 and $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $25; cook, $30; ranch cook, $20;
2 middle-aged women, $20 each, country;
housegirl. 3 in family, $25. MRS. NORTON,
SIJ Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Berkeley, $25; cook, city, $25;
6 housegirls, $20 and $25; S young girls to as-
sist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
YOUNG girl for light housework,. 2 in family,
$10; middle-aged woman, $15. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Putter st.
WANTED — Cook, resort, $40; cook, country
restaurant, $40; 2 German cooks, $30; neat
nu*e. $20; second girl, $20; French nurse, $25;
North German nurse, $25: 2 waitresses, short
distance, $20; laundress, $30; 40 girls for house-
work, city and country. $20 and $25. Apply to
.1. F. CROSETT & CO.. 818 Sutter st.
COOK, $25, American family; Infants' nurse,
$20; upstairs girl. $20 and $15; also girls for
housework. 631 Larkln st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ALL ladles' having, spare time can earn money
at home making patches; $6 to $10 weekly;
reply envelope for particulars and sample.
FOSTER & CO., West 2»th St., New York.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on .-oats. Apply 718
Market St.. S. N. ■ WOOD. .
EXPERIENCED coatmakers. Apply 718 Mar-
ket St., B. N. WOOD. '
WANTED — Girl to assist In general light
[ housework. 1217 "Webster st.
— .-..».. • . ■ • i
HELP WANTED— Continued.
NEAT young nursegirl. Apply, after 10, 219
Leavenworth st.
WANTED— Young girl or woman to do house-
work and assist- with children. 1303 Page st.
COAT finisher, 620 Kearny St., first floor,
room 1.
REFINED unincumbered lady, under 25, as
model; willing to leave city. Box. 169, Call.
MAKERS — First-class sklrtmakers.
BOWHAY, 516 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
good wages. C 57 Minna st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; small family;
reference. 730 McAllister st
APPRENTICE on custom coats; paid while
learning. 28 Morris aye.. near Sixth st.
GIRL to mind children; wages $6. 2 Sophie
terrace, off Pine st, near Stockton.
GIRL for general housework, small family;
$16 per month; 9 to 10:30 to-day, 1630 Hayes st.
50 YOUNG girls for general housework; also
some girls to assist; a girl for Berkeley; a
cook and laundress for Haywards, wages $30.
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.; phone Main
£04. ' ■ ■
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coat*.
653 Natoma st. -
2 FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858
Howard st, bet Fourth and Fifth, over hand-
ball court. ' -\ ",
WANTED — Operators on pants; must under-
stand baistlng. 1152 23d aye.. East Oakland.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st.
HELP WANTED* MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
Free fare, 25 laborers, Coast road.
Coast road, 25 teamsters, free fare.
A gang of laborers and teamsters for new
work, near city, $1 75 a day and $20 and
found.
15 railroad tunnel men; long job.
10 quarry laborers, $1 day and board; long
Job. ■ ','. '
.RANCH WORK
6 farmers, vineyard work, $25 and found; 8
farmers for an orchard. $20 and found; har-
ness maker $30 and found; blacksmith. $35 !
and found; 2 helpers, $25 and $20; blacksmith, j
sawmill, $45 and found.
HOTEL WORK I
Cook, country hotel, $55: cook and wife, ,
country hotel, $70; German restaurant cook, |
$15 a week; restaurant cook, 166; cook, $7 a
week; third-hand baker on bread, $35; kitchen
help; all-round laundryman, $35 and found.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO.y 104 Geary st.
CARPENTERS PAINTERS
4 carpenters, San Mateo County, $2 50 day; 5
rough carpenters, Alameda County; carpen-
ters, city work: painter. $2 50 day; stable-
man, country. $30- and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WAITER and cook, short order»: cook and
dishwasher, same country hotel: cook, plain
country' hotel, $10 week and found; German
waiter. $25 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Fare paid to the sawmills I
10 laborers for a large" sawmill company, $20 i
and found, fare paid; edgerman for sawmill
company. $2 7 C . day, see boss here; ranch ■
blacksmith. $40 and found 3 ranch black-
smiths, also blacksmith helper, country shop;
trimmer for a carriage and wagon works; 10
vineyard hands; 25 farm hands. $26: milkers, ;
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon In city:
single man. reference. $30 and found; driver '
for milk route In city, $30 and found; but-
ter maker, $3". and found: milker, same place,
$25; painter and pnperhanger. $30 and found; i
German boy for grocery, $15; 10 laborers for
city, $26 and board; 3 American farm hands, |
$25; Scandinavian farmer, near city, $20; 2 i
milkers. $30; French waiter, $30; porter for
restaurant, $20; and many others. W. D. ■
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED i jobbing blacksmiths and horse-
snoertJ. 554, $2 60 a day and $10 a week and
found; 20 railroad laborers and teamsters;
young man with some experience at butter-
making, $2-"- and found and increase; 16 farm-
ers, $20 and found; Scandinavian, farmer for
Nevada, $25, see boss here; carriage palnte-, .
$2 60 a day; -man. $10 and found; cook*,
waiter? and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Employment Office— Walter, flrst-
class hotel, $35; steward for officers' mess, $23;
aFslstant waiter, country, $-'•: omnibus, $80;
G»rman cook, $65; second cook. $40; oyster
cook. $35, and others. 316 Stockton st.
LUNCH counter man; must cook eggs, oysters,
etc.: cafe in country hotel; $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 K»arny st.
A MAN to work on a ranch. $25 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MEN WANTED Teamsters, shovelers and '.
drill men on railroad being built by Campbell
& Buckman between Sonora and Summerville,
Tuolumne County; take boat to Stockton and
then train to Oakdale, and then from Oak-
dale to Sonora; tare from Oakdale $1, which !
will be returned if men work .30 days. Apply
to MR. E. C. SHERWOOD. Superintendent,
on the work.
FOUR men (college graduates preferred); ai
munificent salary If we want you. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m., room 240, Winchester
Hotel. '
LADIES' tail wanted for the country: good
wage to tir?t-elass men. Apply STEIN,
SIMON & CO., Market and Second Bts.
YOUNG barber for country; 2 or 3 years' ex-
perience; good wages; fare paid. Apply 104
Seventh. H. BENARD.
SOBER young man who can do painting and t
whitening; $2 a day; steady job for right
'party. A. M., 391 Fifth st I
WANTED— AbIe-bodied men; age 16 to 60; sol-
diers preferred; send 10c for particulars.
1 APT HALL. Box 1160, New Orleans, La.
WANTED— Physician of good appearance.;
must be a good salesman. Apply room 1, 702 :
Market st.
MEN wanted— Shovelers at Tiburon Boulevard,
near Point Tiburon, Marln County. Apply on j
the work.
WANTED Steady man; light outdoor work;
good waees and chance of Increase; small
capital required. 1032 Market St., room 4.
TAILORS First-class tailors. BOWHAY, 816
Putter st j
TAILOR wanted for bushellng. 827 Sutter, bet.
Leavenworth and Jones.
FIRST class pants and vest maker; country;
steady: piece work. Call 226 Kearny, 10 a. m.
GOOD waiter, also dishwasher, at 106 Second
street.
2 PLUMBER'S helpers; come early. 1114
Hampshire st.
WANT Locksmith helper at 1706 Dwight way,
Berkeley. _
FIRST-CLASS roofer. 2425 Gough St., near Va-
llejo.
GOOD cook from 6 a. m. until 1 p. m. ; wages
$7 a week. 623 Fourth st,
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys.
: Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm: $60 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
PORTER and bedmaker wanted for country
place. Address box 103, Call office.
SADDLE hand, who can do stamping. MAIN
&. WINCHESTER, 214 Battery st.
WANTED— and sign painter. 2137
Dwight way. Berkeley, Cal.
TO go this . week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 60c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st,
bet. Ist and 2d_sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 d. m.
WANTED— Cutter on ladies' cloaks. Address
box 262, Call office.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau, 1125 Market st W. J. Brldeshaw, Sec.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ- '■
m't. H. Bernard, Sec,, 104 7th: tel, Jessie 1164.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- |
rine Corps,, United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and Zi
' years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention .to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch -in height. For fur- j
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
150 MEN to 'take best single room. 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664-2 Howard st; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship- :
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
run* Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per- week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast. Australia and j
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar- j
ket. 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to'ahd from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 23c
to 60c: $1 to $3 p«r week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 138% Eighth St.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, lie, Me 2. .c per night; 75c. $1 '
. to $2 60 wk. Klcho House. 863 V& Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due Laborers and j
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. . ■
V AGENTS WANTED.
A GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral. Dew-
■ ey" and "America's New Possessions"; su-
. perbly illustrated; sample, .25c, stamps or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
114 Fifth aye.. New York.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Luster: best seller
out; sample, postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
A MAN with little money who understands
; horses; good business; drive himself. ; 839
Clay st, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted— A gentleman with $2000
and some experience as clerk or bookkeeper
can secure Rood investment on application
at Call business office. '*>".•.'"
HO L Sills WANTED.
FLAT or small house of 5 or 6 rooms furnished
for housekeeping; centrally located; north of
Market st. . Box 289. Call office. .
ROOMS WANTED.
1 OR 2 furnished rooms, suitable light house-
keeping: private family; neighborhood Mason,
Powell, Green, Union, Filbert. Box 166. Call.
SINGLE room in private family, north of Mar-
ket, by young man. Box 187, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C.' MOTHER, 632 Market st. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — 16- bore breech-loading, shotgun;
cheap. Address CHAR H.. 904 Dolores Bt.
LAUNCH, 25 to 30 ft, with or without engine:
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, psychometrist and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 50c. 1724 Market.
i MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
j MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m, ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
; MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
I teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MME. LENEMAR, removed to 34 Sixth St.,
room 5; fortunes by planets. '
CLAllt V O V ANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023V4 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gi.ves aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family-
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove in-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms. ' .
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023Vs Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.. be-
j tween Powell and Mason. Her success as a
! medium has startled th» entire world. Her
! power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
Certainty by a higher than human power. Her
parlors are thronged by anxious people looking
for important information, and every reply is
! most gratifying; all are pleased. Without a
I question she tells each caller the.lr name and
I for what they came. She gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, lawsuit*, old estates, love,
courtship . and marriage— evervth.ng. The un-
fortunate and troubled should seek her counsel
and start aright Positively no attention paid
■to letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to
$:30 p. m. . .
RETURNED Mme. Arndt, the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never' failed:
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
secret of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice in speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed: prices 25c up;
dally and Sunday. 342 Third St.. near Folsom.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
. ing; ladles, 50c;. gents", $1; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance to-
morrow, 12 o'clock, 50c. 409 I^-avenworth st.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. --"• Pobl st. room 6.
MMiv HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153V4 sth. r. 21.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; ».'c.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets.' 2' Sixth st, rooms 2-3.
RETURNED V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis Ft, parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst 207 Powell st, rooms 6 and 6.
MIPS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st, rooms 1 and 2.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Ft., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2".c <ip. 5 Fourth st.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles, 25c;
gents, 60c. 527% Post st.
MME. SYBILX.E, cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAAARD. pupil Count St Ger-
maine. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
I 2621; reading by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently ' removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience: references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$:. per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Bteinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from $140 up.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chtckeing; .good as new.
. Kriabe: a bargain. -'■;'■■ ■
Emerson; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case.
$6 monthly payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. J. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 60 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., £60 Hayes st.
HOIJNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister Bt.
ASTONISHING- opportunity; high grade piano
at such a bargain as seldom found; see at
once. Room 12,. Flood building. ' - ■■:
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
R a! DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, SOS to 312 Post st
PIANOS unredeemed .to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
; Post st. .-■■ ■;.- ,,-.
; ___ '.
: W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett 4; Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ 16
McAllister st:, next Hibernla Bank. ' ■
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ' .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H*
TT'I.LKR, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place!
ATTORNEYS Al' LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King. attorney at law-
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges'; estates, mortgages, damages at
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills ' con
tracts. etc.. drawn; mod, fees; call or 'write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty- Drlvte-
no fee without success; collections ' o w'
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor.' Stocktn!
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W~
,W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at ; ucceBBlul - w -
PERSONALS.
FRED SEIBERT of San Francisco— Please -vrtte
home. 470 Tehama st. MOTHER.
THE party that put a horse in San Miguel
ranch, near Ingleslde racetrack, please call
Inside of 3 days, otherwise I will do as I
choose with the Horse. Call at Eureka Dairy,
near House of Correction. j
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (one weekly); $10 (2 w.i; $15 (3 w.):520(4w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
G. LEDERER, leading Hairdresser; price 25c;
switches, $1; hair rolls. 35c; Quintonica Hair
Tonic, 36c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. LEDERER has the most artistic hairdressr
ers on the cooist; imports' the latest Parisian
coiffures and still charges but 25c; longest
hair rolls. 35c. 123 Stockton st.
MASON. 16-18, The New Pcrlni Restaurant-
French or American dinner, 60c; lunch, 25c;
private rooms for ladies. .
U. 7.. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basket ware. 488 Halght.
RELIABLE legal advice free; any case civil
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collection,
etc; open evenings. Address or call AN-
CHOR, 653 Clay st. , .__
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
SEND stamp for free copy matrimonial paper
containing many personal ads. 653 Clay st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, • and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE .sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons -and private Individuals. 204 San Jose
aye.. n»ar Twenty-fourth st. TeL White 431.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teacnes
fortune telling; fee. $1 and upward. ,
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2f,e to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: M. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments.' L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Bth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
l Washington, have removed to fi2l Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny. i
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
Jectlon;guantd.Pr.Gordln.sl4 Pine.ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
; ps $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 2."c. 910 Pine st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians 111714 Market. St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
i fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT thai restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others, have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same. .ay; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense. by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 842 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never falling and safe; rejuv-
e nate the system; brighten the eyes: restore
health and beauty to the faded: French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female tern-
edy in the world; imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on !
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
| gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davleß,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 yeare' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market st.
pills,. $1: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
I to Bp. m; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4p. m.
A NEW i i. cess for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
even woman her own physician; can be sent
Bafe and sure; ho medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 313 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
: female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr.'O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 10234 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea ana
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used-
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL" married ladles- know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co 406 Clay
St.; $1 SO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure- $2 50-
- D - ; don<t dela y untn too late.'
■ OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs :
. 1540^ Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG him. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
united States or Canada one year for $1,
•postage paid.
LOST.
LOST or misplaced about April 3, a trunk. Any
. one hearing of the same can receive a reward
by addressing box 106, Cull.
LOST— Purse; ketp money, $5. Return bill, Mrs.
Borneque. and key. Box 165, Call.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARGARET EDNA ELIZABETH
WARD, No. 115-171. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Feather boa at Good Fellows' Grotto or
neighborhood, Saturday night; suitable re-"
ward. Apply Call office.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of BARTLETT S. MORRISSEY: No.
204-631. ■ The finder will please return to bank.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.;
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '
FURNITURE~FOR SALE.
NEW furniture for sale of 4 rooms and bath;
a snap on rent. 627 Post st.
FOR sale — couches, 1 chair, »; hair mattress;
no dealers need apply. 1200 Eddy st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No
t 1 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market!
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— <22so-~CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
; st • established many years; doing first-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts,
*30- large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. _
A— s3oo, BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,^
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average dally «
receipts $10; choicest location on Suiter st. ■*
WII.KK. 906 Market St., room 6.
A— ssoo- RESTAURANT; best business location
in this city; rent $25; established years; aver-
age daily receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— 1450; DELICATESSEN, store and branch
bakery on Larkin St.; Aing a splendid pay-
ing business: rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. _. G. WILKE, 906 Market Ft.
' A^s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to • iron
foundries and factories; kept by o^ l "*™*
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month.
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying r.ar, '.««••
new 5 years' lease: always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. 8. 90t> Market.
A-5250; BRANCH ..bakery, with 3 nice 'living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission. rent
; low. Inquire K. G. WILKE, rm. 8, m Market '
A— slloo- SALOON in Western Addition; ele-
gant fixtures; club and ladies' room .ide en-
trance; doing a first-class paying business,
rent $23. Call WILKE, 906 __________
$500- HOTEL near the city: good paying busi-
ness; this is a rare chance for the right
party. McLAUQHLIN & CO . ... Market.
• $550 PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
and collect MCLAUGHLIN _ CO, ... Mkt.
J550-SALOON on. Market St.: bargain on ac-
count of departure. McLALGHLIN & CO.,
. 777 Market st. __._ .
FOR sale The choicest ever offered in country
hotel property; the Farmer- Exchange Ho-
tel In Livermore, opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stables ami outhouses; lot
150x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture in splendid con-
dition; present owner- for 25 years; old ase
and 111 health cause of sale. Apply to BIEBH
BROS & PLAGEMANN. 328 Pansome st., or
at hotel, for further Information.
•400—OLD established dairy produce i=-:n4j^f
doing fine business; all first-class customers;
horse and wagon; rent $15. JONES & CO..
866 Market st.
1350 OYSTER and coffee house: best block or
Sixth st. ; business of $15 daily; private
rooms: cheap rent. HEALY & HIMMEL. 917
Market St. .
A— -IF you want to be shown the best bargain
ever offered on saloon in San Francisco
call S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
$400— PARTNER In mechanical business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invesfmt Co.. 9 Geary st.
PARTNER is wanted in a newly establish*!
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432, Call office: Investigate.
$80— OYSTER and coffee saloon; neatly fltt*l
up; month's rent paid; living-rooms; gon.i
for man and wife; disagreement in family
cause of selling. ISS Seventh st.
BAKERY— Good location; store trade; cheap
• for cash; sickness; must go East at once. a.
B. W., 302 Fourth St.. upstairs.
GROCERY, wood, coal, hay and feed busin^??;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & Dolor".".
STEADY and active party with small capital
in office; fair wages. Call at 41 Third st.
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a gool
business; on very easy terms on account o£
going East. 1001 Larkin st.
$225— RESTAURANT: fine fixtures; good loca-
tion; $20 per day; bargain. Nat. Ag.. 7 Grant.
WANTED— Good, honest partner, with $150, in
reliable business. 995 Market St.. room 1.
FOUR chair barber shop. 15c and 25c, for sale,
on account of sickness. Box 310, Call.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month; good
prices; low rent.; must sell. 332 Bush st.
FOR sale— lmmediately, the Ivy Shaving Par^
lor, 791 Mission st.; on account of sick'
BUTCHER shop and fixtures cheap. 1302 Steiner
st., corner Eddy.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 4 revolving
chairs. Apply 119 Fourth st. ■
$150— SALOON, stock and fixtures; good stand;
living rooms. Inquire at 650 Sacramento st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant and saloon:
reasonable; selling account sickness; good
location; good trade. Southeast corner Broad-
way and Front st.
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.: doing $,"fto per
mo.; going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
$225— DELICACY, bakery, variety store; living
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Box 293, Call office.
SALOON on East St.; good business: must be
sold at once: cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
dress box 300, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
ROUTE on this . paper for sale. Apply this
office^ ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS: on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; large yard; downtown 4^o
18 rooms; clears $100; only 3'»
1? rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 250
64-room house; clears $300; payments... 3f>oo
84-room house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call i
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth. '
ROOMING house; 34 rooms; $400 cash $800
Rooming house; 22 rooms; fine corner 1250
Rooming house; 30 rooms; new and good. 1600
Rooming house: 10 r. ; new, fine; $200 cash 300
Rmng. house; 100 r. ; fine cor.; clears $500 5000
Rooming house: 32 r. ; on Poet: clears $2( 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.
A— KREDO & CO 22^- Geary st
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$225— Elegant 6- room flat; new carpets, por-
tieres, etc.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full of
paying roomers.
$1500—18 rooms; very swell boarding; ele-
gant dining room.
For complete list, 6 rooms to 600. call.
LODGING houses— rooms, $!50; 36 rooms.
$500; 2S rooms. $800; 38 rooms, $1500: 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$300— FURNISHED fiat. 8 rooms: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furnltur*
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 831% Bush st.
SACRAMENTO. Lodging-house. 15 well-
furnished rooms;, rent $40. -■-
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FRESH Jersey cow. with calf 3 weeks old,
for sale, cheap. 35?7 Seventeenth st.
ELEGANT $140 diamond, $75. See it at 14
Fifth st. ■
2 LOTS, .25x100 each, to trade for horse and
buggy or wagon, balance cash; cheap. 1297
Folsom st.
BRICK and firewood at your own price. Ellis
St., above Powell; see foreman.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof saf%*"
for sale cheap at 42 Main st.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Ik-ale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mlssicn st.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; «ayes power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
' HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— horsepower, $100; 2, $123;
3, $150; $4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
1 SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
A WEEK'S' hews for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
~~~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South __ lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth st. tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 nth
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden I
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
_ PHYSICIANS.
DrTc~c7~ODO>JNELL, office and reside-
lQUK Market St.. bet, 6U» and UKHOUSES TO LET. ,
HOUSES— RENT REDUCED.
:-r. flreon, 9 r $45 12-37 Ellis. 7 r........527
_" I-.-ifuna. S r 35 3v24 Buchanan. 5 r... 16
1406 Golden Gate.lo r 30 2SI» Green, 6 r 12
:;!S Octavia, 7 r.... 80 542 Howard. 6 r..;. 20
A. M. SPKCK & CO., 667 Market st.
JACKSON, 117 S. near Junes— House. 7 rooms,
Imth; fine place; grand view.
■. ".'. rent ('.oji.irtmrnt goes to your home; get
printed list nf houses from BALDWIN _
HOWELL; 10 Montgomery et.
SEVENTEENTH!. 3434. near ■.a— House, 7
nis and bath; r*-nt reduced to $18.
'.cms; closets: water; rent $0. 282U Na-
- ■ •: -> m., near Fourth.
: l!Oi:SE cf 3 rooms; newly papered; large
; :: water free. Hickory avp., near c tough ;
> crm-ery, southeast . or Goujrh and Fell.
FURNISHED IIOLSES~TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large bunny
rooms; modern Improvements; largo yard
\rplv on iTpmlsfs. 655 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES To LET.
H: stages- -rent REDUCEix •
.: Valencia; 6 r... 5201 17 Eikson court; 5r $11
. •-'Cth; 5 r ... 13 3993 Army; 4r. S
S O'Farrell; 4 r . 11 13 Garden aye • 4 r" 7
V M - SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
Minny cottage 4 rooms; hot and cold
' '' r LHL J I__!I 1 _._ ay fit -- near Scott.
r . v cottages. 4 and 5 rooms, basement: also
6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
■ ar lores.
FLATS TO LET.
ARTLETT, 22.V-$10; 4 rooms and bath, un-
.:r.:sh,«l; range connecting with hot water.
1 UMPLETELY furnished 7-room flat; very de
Mnible location; reasonable to desirable par-
tl«-a; references required. Box 104, Call.
-MODERN upper flat, 7 rooms and bath. $30;
! ow .f r -- C ">° ms and bath. $^.',. on Panhandle.
I RUSSELL7 _ | SURRYHKE; lSS^Montgomery.
CASTRO, 1 ! 458, near 17th and Mlt7ket^Ne"w "rnoT
prn sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 872, south at Frederick— Modern
tunny flat; 5 rooms; bath:, cheap.
ELEVENTH. 120— L nny flat. 5 nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; modern conveniences; landlord
going away for summer; must have secur-
ity; rent $20.
FLATS— Rent reduced
964 Pine; 7 $45 00 720 Montg. ay. ; 6. ..514
2528 California; 7. 30 00,1696 Page; 3 15
422 Page; 6 27 50) 522 Fell; 8 13
209 Webster; 7... 27 50 31S Pt. Lobos; 5.... 12
1532 Green; 7 25 00 2tlS McAllister; 4... 10
1218 Fulton; 7 25 001 81"> Pt. ' - .4.... S
»« Powell; 6 25 00 G4* Jessie; 3 9
524 .Fell; 6 19 00 CO6 Shotwell; 5 11
1609 Turk: 6 17 00 1 1342 th: 4 10
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
GEARY, 2:57-Handsomely furnished flat, 6
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; reason-
ahle.
HERMANN', 41. junct. Market & Valencia— sl4;
fiat; double parlors, dining room and kitchen.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; separ-
ate entrance; rent $12 50.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Upper
fUt: 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17.
$15 — UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms. 3632 Army St.,
bf-t. Valencia and Guerrero.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUIT!" of 2 large nio? sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping ; kitchen and bed-
room: furniture all new; it 7;» per week. »7
per rr.ontli; no children. Apply at Bhoe store,
562 Miseion St., bet. First and Second.
EDDY, '.'l7— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
splendid loi-ation; large gardon; no children.
FULTON, 121's— 2 sunny front furnished rooms;
rang*; water; large yard; rent $10.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
floor; every convenience; sun; bath: yard.
GROVE. 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpp, nn*.: renovated; Incandescent lights.
HARRISON, 736, corner Fourth— Nicely fur-
nlsn.»d housekeeping rooms; also furnished
room*, single or In suit.
HICKORY aye., ISI, near Gough St.— 3 fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms, $12.
HOWARD, C 4S— Room for light housekeeping.
HOWARD., 7M, cor. Third— Nicely furnished
<■■;'.:■■ :■ r lUht housekeeping; others; cheap.
QWARD. Sunny suites, housekeeping, $10,
[2 and $15 per month.
iVARD, 1144— Furnished tr unfur. sunny
rooms, kltcfct-n. ga?. bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent very reasonable.
HYDE, 110 — 3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
lng.
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth— 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
KEARNY, 330, near Pine— Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete: gas rang. bath.
MARKET. ]'12S, opp. Fifth— sunny front
room and kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12. .
MCALLISTER, 424—2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas and bath.
MINNA, 1114, near Second— Furnished house-
keeping- bay-window suite, with piano, $2 wk.
MINNA. 743, near Ninth— Large kitchen, 4
rooms; rent $11.
MISSION. 121?— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms complete; no children.
MISSION. 1725 H. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished houaekeping rooms; bath; laundry; $S.
NATOMA, 645—2 large sunny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping, $11; upstairs.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 103— »6; 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny yard for children.
NINTH, 20.— 2 sunny connecting rooms, $10; 1
bay-window, $S; single. $6; stove; water; gas.
OCTAVIA. 809— Nice sunny furnished floor of S
rooms and kitchen; bath, gas, yard; reasonbl.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay win-
dows, singly. $3: with kitchen, gas stove, $12.
POLK f,22— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, choap^ • ■
I'OST, £02. cor. Mason— Housekeeping rooms
neatly furnished; sunny.
SACRAMENTO. X.14— 4 pleasant sunny rooms;
handsomely furnished; together or single;
'keeping if desired; modern; clean; fine
location.
BIXTH, 216%— Sunny housekeeping rooms, run-
ning water; also beautiful front rooms; reas.
SIXTH, 405—1 housek«*-ping room, $7 per month,
and 1 single room for $5; with gas.
SIXTH, 42<>-Furnlsh<vl housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; bath.; quiet house.
BIXTH, 429-Large sunny front rooms with or
without housekeeping; reasonable.
TENTH, Front room for housekeeping;
also 6ingle.
TURK, 534 Hi —3 rooms and bath; complete for
hou?ekeeplng^
ZOE. 31, near Third and Bryant— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
ROOMS TO~LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms: en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, EOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A-THeT WALDORF, 24 Fifth st.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
tingle; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlfh^d rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant room, running water, I
b»th. best in city, $10.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
' ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap*
er and better than any house In the city.
GRAND BOTJTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en eulte and
single; elevator; moderate, rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming bouse; Jl M to $6 per week.
HOTEL GrOEvenor, 319 Sutter— under
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
fjngle rooms: most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD. 953— Homelike, sunny furnished
rooms; from $1 week up; bath.
JESSIE, 439— Front bay-window room with
closet, $8; other rooms.
KEARNY, 209, 823— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from 31 60 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MINNA, 172, near Third— Two front bay-win-
dow rooms. .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK. ?Rs— Large furnished front room. for 1 or
2; gas; bath; private family; cheap.
<J FaKKELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric light-: day. week or month.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable. ;*: •„>.-; <;
ROOMS TO Continued.
R^ T i AL House. tU Ellia St.— lncandi
'«»»: reading room, smoking room and
ladies parlor; room per night. 85c to $1 50;
i-« • } to W; mont $S to $30; elevator on
__offlce floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND. B2A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping: reasonable. x
SEVENTH, 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites: also' housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
_ r.oar Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 150— Nicely furnished sunny front
room : German people.
SOUTH PARK, 159 Furnished sunny rooms;
_ very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Fran. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
VAN- NESS aye., 813 1 or more, furnished or
not; bath, gas, etc.; doctor's resilience.
$1 A WEEK— Large, sunny single room; closet;
bath; private. 322 Fifth st.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA 807, "The BinghanV' California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home .■emits.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HILL, 12 1 -i— Large sunny front bay-window
room; also 2 others; board reasonable; private.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $'.'."•: double, $20.
O'FARRELI . S24— Elegant large furnished
rooms and suite, with or without board.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf) Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
BUTTER, II2S— Lovely home: sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m . 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
.-re;ir' parlor. 103S Market.: popular prices.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $5: Infanta, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO Li:T.
STORE. Twenty-second and Castro; new build-
ing; fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
! at 125-1 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2848
Folsom st.
TO let— Store and 2 large rooms. 217-; Eleventh
st.. near Howard.
OFFICES. TO LET.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: slso furnished apartments.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a wnule: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long a.x you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
if quickly. Call 63-69. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or Dlanos in S. I-".. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
VAX, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market st. : telephone Main 1644
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. -Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to address Gould. 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 631 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
fritter! Pt n <.>« pnQtff"'^ '•- «1 r>«T v»a'
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st. i
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat- \
tels, etc. Harper & Kreisrer.3l2 Examiner big.
°j?^^!___lZZ
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels' bldtr., 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior i
work done on the teeth Is always the most :
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully, treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
■teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns. $3 50; fillings. sfic; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
• without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bride's, $4,
rubber or flexible prates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St., cor Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices: ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth an.l Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
' specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. .DR. H. O.
YOUNG, IMI Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. PS? Mission, cor, nth.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
Ing. advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
:■. ' . r _ LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
Ifc99. the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Kail-
way Company filed its application In writing,
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Count of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld . and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April. 1 V 99, culled for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here- j
by notified to file In my office, on or before
the 22d day of May. 1599. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of j
raid petition.
In testimony whereof, I have her.-unto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal) WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court. .
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880.
al«o in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16. 1572. there
will be sold at public auction by E. 8. Spear
St Co.. at their salesrooms. 31 and 33 Sutter
St.. on MONDAY. May 15. 1889, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.: also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county. j
Open for inspection on morning of sale.
. I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer. I
THE SA:N FBANCTSCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1599.
'■ CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
POLK-ST. CORNER.
. $40,000— Elegant corner on Polk st.: 8 2-story
dwellings; all have been put in flr%t-
class condition; rents well; lot 125x165
; feet: must be sold.
MONTGOMERY-ST. CORNER.
$20,000— Three-story brick and Iron building on j
Montgomery »t. ; large lot. 50x137; must
be sold.
BIXTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$25,000— Near Market St.; four stores, with S
flats above; rents $2472 per annum; lot
75x90.
EDDY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15,000— Large modern residence; 1 block from
Van Ness aye. : In one of the best resi-
dence districts in the city: mortgage of
$11,000 can remain; lot 34:4x120 to rear
street.
:ramento-st. PROPERTY.
$6,000— 0n Sacramento st., near Kearny; 2-
Etory brick building; • store and upper
floor of fi rooms:, this property is held in
trust and must be sold.
POST-ST. FLATS.
$6,ooo— Two modern flats on Post st., near De-
vlsadero; 6 and 5 rooms and bath;- al-
ways rented; lot 25x77:6.
TWENTY-NINTH- ST. INVESTMENT.
$3,500 — Rents $420 per annum; large house, 11
rooms; street work all done; mortgage
$2300 can remain; lot 54:2x114.
NORTH BEACH COTTAGE.
JI.SOO — Nice cottage of 4 rooms: near Dupont
St.; street work all done; must be sold.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$I,soo— Two-story house of 7 rooms: in good
condition; 2 blocks from Market and
Third sts.; must be sold.
BARGAIN IN LOTS.
$Soo— East side of Sanchez st., 57 feet south
of 13th St.; lot 57x105; must be sold to
close an estate.
MISSION COTTAGE.
— Cash balance; remain mortgage $2000
at 6J-i per cent; nice cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; near 21st and Valencia; street
work all done; half block from Valen-
cia-st. cars.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$600 One-hall block from Mls>sion-st. cars;
street work; cash above bank mortgage
$250.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & C.
638 Market st.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS 1640 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained in a
new building; street bituminlzed; terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
POINT RICHMOND.
25 acres adjoining depot site of Valley rail-
road; water front of 1000 [eel at a bargain.
Alta Punts Tract, Ban Pablo aye.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley; valley land; in acreage or
lots; terms to suit; send for map.
Van Nese aye., northeast corner; 43x125;
choice property; look at it.
G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sans .me st.
$295-^25x100; Nebraska st . bet Nineteenth
and Twentieth; $30 cash, balance $8 per
nth.
2 LOTS on Twenty-seoond st., near York; 25x
100 each: $2550. PHILBRICK, 809 Shotwell st.
TWO flats. Twenty-first St.. bet. Folsom and
Harrison; lot 2o'Xli>o; also adjoining lot 23x
100; all for $0600. PHILBRICK, 809 Shotweli.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; No?. 128 an.l 130;
to be sold subject U> .confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome st.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
Of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. .1. GUN.V, 410 Montgomery st.
! $.-,ro— 75x100; HOUSE, 3 rooms an 1 barn, at Col-
! ma. C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
] $100 CASH. $"", mo.; $1900-52400; 4-5 rm. cottages:
»i block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
CHEAPEST and best in America -The Week
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one . year for $1,
j pfftagp paid.
. ' COUNTRY 111. VI .M V lE.
FOR sale— Lovely home, 15 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres; 6 in orchard; 2 in vineyard:
good well and windmill; house of 6 rooms and
bath and other outbuildings; very cheap at
J2SOO. Address MRS M. E. DALY, Walnut
j Creok, Contra Costa County.
WANTED— For cash; ranches from 2 to 1000-
-acres. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
CASH about $2nX>, will pay for house and lot,
6or 7 rooms. ■v . box 287. Call office.
FRUIT, grain and 1 lock farms.
W. D. lIOLCOM & CO.. 2n Montgomery st.
y. TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. "M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED — To buy or rent, a few acres of land,
with or without Improvements, suitable for
chicken ranch; must be cheap; no agents.
Address GEO. BARTH. Lane Hospital. S. F.
HORSES.
STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing maro;
price $250; also standard bred blood bay trot-
ting mare, $150: both sound, young (under 5)
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont st. ; pedigree and trial given.
• 40 HORSES for rale; also wagons., buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
It! Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
FULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE A
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market St.
WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES.
3-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel: canopy top; good as new. 1130*4 I ward.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. S 2B Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagon*, cart's
buseiea. gurreyi and horses. 1140 FnUom st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
I , ,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cell. 16 pates, sent to any address In the
United State's, postpaid, for $1 per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent--- Th« Weekly Call;
16 pages. In wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND! URNIBHED HCUSf T I LET
OAKLAND suburbs— 6 rooms and bath. Par-
ticulars address box 47. Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALIC.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$. ft OO— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
. adamized street; near station and school.
11600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School: easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage. of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month. taKftfißSNWtt
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one- of the
main avenues: near station; $600 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
• JUST A FEW LEFT BUT ~~~~
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5," 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
Just like paying rent: make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
Ft., Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days. -^^
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. v 'UNKE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT. ~~ ~~~
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only *
blocks from D wight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
• JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
$7500— GOOD country hotel In Alameda County;
pays well and good rvason for selling; a genu-
ii.- bargain. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for sale or exchange; all
new and modern; polished floor*: a big bar-
I gain. Call or address 2137 Dwlght way.
proposals. ;.'■■'
PROPOSALS
For Hospital and Almshouse.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1599.
In accordance with resolution No. 2G30
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
i ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
| ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
: pervisors, on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for fur-
nishing subsistence to the patients and
employes in and supplies for the City and
County Hospital and Almshouse from
July 1, 1899, to June 30, 1900, the estimated
I yearly amounts being as follows:
lEstimat'd] Denom.
Articles Required. I Quantity |
I Required. l Per.
CLASS 1.
BEEF YEARLY.
Beef — Fresh, first
quality American
steer, in not less
than one-half car-
casses, consisting
of fore and hind • ~
quarters, to be de- : - . ;
livered in such
quantities and at
such times for the • :.■:'-. ll -
Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days' in each
week; estimated
amount per • day,
1000 lbs ..'. 310,000 lbs PerlV
CLASS 2. : .
MUTTON.
Mutton— Fresh, first
quality wether, in
not • less ' than
whole carcasses, to-
be delivered in such
/ quantities and at
such .times for the
Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 112,500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH. YEARLY. .
Fish— Fre«li. cleaned
and scaled, best in
market, and In such
varieties as may be
ordered, Salmon,
Sea Bass, Herring
or Smelt, in season 48,100 lbs Per Ib
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil— lso degrees
test '■ 2,040 gals Per gal
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY. ,
Flour— Wheat. Cali-
fornia. Best Roller 420,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS fi.
COFFEE, YEARLY.
Coffee — Guatemala
fresh roasted, llrst
quality 18,000 lbs Per
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY.
Beets— Best in mar-
ket 2,300 lbs Per 100 lbs
Beans— Small white, I
No. 1, first quality. 7,250 lbs IPerlOOlbs
I Cabbage — Best in! !
I market 18,000 lbs I Per 100 lbs
■ Carrots — Best in j
market 6,000 lbs ! Per 100 lbs
i Onions — Red or '
While. Dry, Best I
I in market : 8,000 lbs | Per 100 lbs
j Potatoes — Burbank,
' Salinas or Oregon,
best in market 369,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
TurniDS — Best in :
market 6.000 lbs PerlOOlbs
CLASS S.
CORN MEAL, ETC.
YEARLY.
Corn Meal — yellow
I or White. fresh
i ground, new, best
in market 22,000 lbs Per
1 Oat Meal — Fresh
ground, best in
market I 28,000 lbs Perlb
1 Cracked Wheat — i
Best In market I 28,000 lbs Perlb
i Hominy — B ?f! '"j DOOlbsjPerlb
market 800 lbs Per tb
t I
CLASS 0.
: TEA, SUGAR AND
RT.TP.
Sugar— Extra C 33,600 lbs Perlb
Sugar — Granulated,! i
Best White ! 32,500 lbs ! Per n>
Sugar — Powdered,
Best White ! 326 lbs Perlb
Syrup— Golden Call- I
fornla Refinery..:..] I,ooo gals Per gal
Tea Japan,
moivl i Li or equal-
■ ly as good ! 8,500 lbs Per
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
I Bacon— Best i Califor-
I nia Cured Sides r..*. : 2,700 lbs 'Perm
Butter — Fr< sh, first
quality. California.. 11,700 lbs Perlb
Cheese— First qual- ; !
Ity. California ' 1,100 lbs IPer lb
I Codfish Whole, Best i
California, in bales 6,500 lbs 'Per lb
1 Eggs-Fresh Califor- .1
nia (candled) 16,300 doz Per doz
! Ham— First quality,!
i Bf-st California, Su- !
i gar Cured 4,200 lbs | Per lb
I Lard— Fresh Califor-
I nia 8,000 lbs Perlb
I Mackerel — Eastern, | I
No. 1, best, in kits 82 kltslPer kit
CLASS 11.
GROCERIES.
YEARLY.
Cornstarch - Kings-
ford or Durye&s,
best quality i 975 lbs Per
Currants— Zante, first!
quality I 450 lbs Per tb
Fruits — Dried, Cali-
fornia, quartered
Apples anil sun-
dried Peaches ; 600 lbs Perlb
I Fruit— Table, Assort-
ed, in 2 l *> 11) cans | IS c's Per case
. Jelly— Currant, best
in' market (10 dozen
1 11) tins) '. 14 doz Per doz
Macaroni No. 2 700 lbs Perlb
: Mustard — Whole or
ground, first qual-
ity fresh Califor-
nia 230 lbs Perlb
Pearl Barley— 2.. 600 lbs Per
Peas— Split 1,400 lbs Per
P< pper -- First qual-
■ ity. black, ground.. 850 lbs Perlb
Pickles — California,
Assorted No. 2 1 40galsPergal
Pie Fruits— Assorted,
li.si in market (2
dozen 2 lb tins In
i each case). I 30 c's Per case
Raisins- First qual-
ity, layers ' 800 lbs Perlb
! Rice— 2 China,
new mixed 6,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
! Sago— Best in mar-
ket 500 lbs Perlb
Salt— Table, Califor- |
nia, first quality.... 18,500 lbs PerlOOlbs
Salt— Rock, first qual-
ity .000 lbs PerlOOlbs
Sal Soda— California 17,500 lbs Per lb •
Soap —La v n ry, ■
Brown, first qual-
ity family..... 7,200 lbs IPer lb
i Star c h —"Wheat,
I. au n dry Lump,
Kings ford or Dur-
yeas, best in mar-
ket •••• 1,050 lbs Perlb
. Tapioca— Pearl, best
in market 550 lbs Perlb
Tobacco— Black Navy 5,500 lbs Per Ib
Tomatoes — Canned
best in market (2
. dozen 2 lb tins in
each case) 65 c's Per case
Vermicelli — White,
No. 2.... • 300 lbs Perlb
Vinegar — 30 degrees
strength 800 gals Per gal
Yeast Powder— Tro-
phy, ' Del Monte
Raising. Pi o ncer. ■ \
Golden Gate or
Crown (5 lb. tins). —
as may be desig-
nated lOdozPerdoz
CLASS 12.
COAL.
YEARLY.
Coal — Well ington
(Dunsmuir), well
screened, free from
slack and shale, per
ton of 2240 lbs—
For Hospital (625
tons)—
For Almshouse (900
tons) 1.525 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated
may be seen by intending bidders at the
office of the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTICE.— will estimate sepa-
rately for each article enumerated, as per
denomination, of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, with the distinct un-
derstanding that the lowest bid for each
article required for each class will be
accepted,- and. that in every Instance no
bid except from a merchant who is a
regular dealer in the articles enumerated
will be received; also that the Beef and
Mutton must be delivered at the institu-
tion named by the party or parties to
whom the contract may be awarded, at
PROPOSALS— Continued.
such time and in such quantities as re-
quired; that the Coal for the Hospital is
to be delivered at that institution, and j
that for the Almshouse to be taken from |
the coul yard of the successful bidder, or \
! from the wharf, in such quantities as '
! may be ordered from time to time; also,
j that the other supplies must be delivered ;
at the place of business of the party to
whom the respective contracts may be
awarded, upon requisitions (indorsed by
! the Chairman of the Hospital Committee)
i of the Superintendent Physician of the
! City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such
times and in such quantities as" may be
required, from July l, 1899, to June 30,
1&00, in more or less quantities than
designated on the schedule, without extra
charge from the price bid. The term
more or less not being limited to the
amount designated, but is for suqrh j
amount as may be required during the j
year. Also, bidders will estimate under j
the express stipulation that the Superin- .
tendent Physician of the City and County
Hospital and the Superintendent of tne i
Almshouse. by and with the consent of j
the "'ommittee on Hospital shall have the ;
power to purchase any or all of the sup-
plies required at the market rates, if not t
furnished of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom any contract may be
awarded to furnish the same, if upon
the requisition OI the officers named the
party fails to furnish the quantity or
quality of the supplies designated, which,
under contract, he may be required to
furnish. Also, bidders will estimate under
•the express understanding and agree-
ment that under no consideration will
the Board recognize or allow any assign-
ment of any contract or allow the sup-
plies included in any contract to be fur-
nished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract is awarded,
either under an assignment or other in-
.strument, unless the consent of the
Board is first obtained through a Resolu-
tion duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting anJ
agreeing to the same. The quality of the
articles called for. where not designated,
to be of the best quality, and all supplies
furnished for the Hospital and Alms-
house respectively, to be subject to the j
approval of the Superintendent Physician
of the City and County Hospital, and the j
Superintendent of the Almshouse, whose
decision shall be final and conclusive as,
to the reception or rejection of any and
all of the supplies offered. The Beef and
Mutton furnished the Hospital and Aims-
house to be weighed at the time of de-
livery at those institutions; and all other .
supplies furnished to be Inspected and
weighed at such times and places as may
be designated by said Committee on Hos-
pital. The party taking a contract will
be required to give a bond in n sum not
to exceed five thousand ($6000) dollars.
with two sureties, to the satisfaction di
tho said committee, for its faith! ul per-
formance. Proposals to be indorsed
•Supplies in Class 1, Class 2," etc., as
the case may be, for public institutions.
The party to whom the contract Is
awarded will be required TO IMMKIM-
ATKI.V FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND,
ENUMERATED IX THIS SCHEDULE,
AXl> DELIVER THE SAME TO 'I HE ;
CLERK OF THE ■■ak\\i\> OF SI -
PER"S [SORS. All food supplies shall be
i submitted for Inspection by the person,
firm or corporation so furnishing the
same ai one of the oublic food stations
llshed by the Board of Health of
i this city next to the municipal Institution
to be furnished with Mich food sup
: and the character :md quantity and the
quality of such food supplies shall be
i then and there first 'nspected, and said
board shall make report of such Inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Supervis-
ors.
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may '• awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of such contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers, and each successful bid-
also pay the cost of the publication !
in the official newspap >r of the Resolution
awarding him his contract. Each class
awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion of the entir >st, and each a-rti-
warded, where there are more than
one in any class, to be charged with its
pro fata of the amount as designated tor
■ lass.
hi order to preserve miformity and to
facilitate the award 'he Board has re-
Bolved to receive no bid unless made upon
blank forms prepared y the committee,
and a c< rtifled check on s In t he
City ai I County of San Francisco in the
sinn of five hundred ■•. ■' lollars, in fa-
if and mad. payable to Ihe ( !lerk of
Board, must be deposited by the bid-
-1 der wi; h his bid, contiit lorn d if Ihi pro-
posal la accepted and the contract award-
nd If the biddi r shall fall or neglect
to pay the printing harges, execute the
<•■ mi : . bond required with-
-1 in six day- after the award Is made, then,
. and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid Into the City and County Treasury
by .-aid clerk as liquidated damages for
such Failure and m gleet.
Blanks furnished by th< Clerk.
The Hoard reserves the right to r<
all bids if the public goi d so require.
JNO. A. Xl SSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS .
To Print. Publish and Distribute the De- '
lintfuent Tax List for 1898.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, ivu.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2626
(Fourth Series* of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived In O] he Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
'May 8, IV'J'.<.1 V 'J'.<. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
.the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
; a description of the property delinquent
and t'ne amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
:ii. taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon winch said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly j
distributed on a business day, at least
onci in each week, for three successive
wei ks, in a pamphlet form as a supple-
ment to a -daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published In the city .and
county of San Francisco, In the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
number of the paper issue. i and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise.
The first issued td be so distributed on or
before the first day of June, 1899', and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desigr
the time and place of sale and in all '
onform to the provisions of the
Pol ode and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward !. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (loOO; copies of each issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor will
be approved. Within one week after the
tirst publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's office within two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing-
the same and giving instructions relative
thereto either personally or through his
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate.
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be tirst read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted in slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or his
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Printing and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year 189S, has .been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in strict conformity to and with these
specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
coin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
■ nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in tho sum 3f not less than ten
thousand <* 10,000) dollars, and with as
■ many sureties as the Committee on Print-
; ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
-1 visors may elect to require for the faith-
ful execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
understanding that the Supplemental De- 1
PROPOSALS— Continued.
I linquent Tax List, if any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
I that the price to be paid for each assess- j
I ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent '
Tax List shall be not more than twice ;
the amount bid for each assessment on
i the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices, '
remarks and explanatory matter will be !
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata I
, wth the average matter in said list. Said
j extra matter and pro rata to be com-
' puted by an expert to r>e appointed by the
said Committee on Printing and Salaries •
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must substantially con-
i form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
i and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the daily newspaper
,' published in said .City and County in
; which it is proposed to so publish such
j list.
Second— The price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate,
j personal property or poll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
i offered in event of . receiving the award
I herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior- to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
j all bids, and will demand good and suf-
I ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For Burial of Indigent Dead.
, OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1599.
In accordance with Resolution No. 262S
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Super-
: visors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
: ceived in open session of the" Board of
! Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May 8, 189 ft, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
the interment of such of the indigent
dead as are. required to be buried at the
charge of the City and County of San
Francisco, Including the City and County
Smallpox Hospital, for the term of one
■ year, beginning July 1, 1599, and ending
June 30, 1900, in such cemetery or ceme-
teries in San Mateo County wherein
burials may be allowed.
NOTICE.— The coffins to be made of
three-quarter-inch surface redwood clear
lumber, to be lined with muslin and pil-
lowed inside, and to be shellacked and
varnished outside, and the tops to be
fastened down with not less than six
screws. In all cases where persons have
died from smallpox or other contagious
diseases the coffin shall be lined with No.
10 zinc instead of with muslin, and her-
metically sealed, and all coffins used
, must be subject to the inspection and ap-
proval of the officer in charge of the in-
stitution from which the body of the
\ decedent is to be buried, and' must in all
cases be taken to such institution for the
purpose of having the deceased placed
therein.
No bid will be considered from any par-
ty who has not been engaged in the un-
dertaking. business in this City and Coun-
, ty and conducted paid business in a rep-
! utable manner for a period of at least six
; months immediately preceding the date
hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth
of at least six feet.
No body to be removed from the insti-
! tution where it lies awaiting burial with-
I in a period of twenty-four hours after
' death, except by express order of the
Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution.
The contractor will be required in-all
cases on the death of the indigent person
from Infectious disease to Inter the body
of said decedent within such time as may
be designated by notice from the Superin-
tendent or officer in charge of the institu-
tion where the death may have occurred,
and in all other cases within thirty-six
hours after notification by the proper of-
ficer.
The contractor will further be required
to convey the bodies of decedents com-
mitted to his charge for interment direct
, from the institution from which he re-
ceives the same to the cemetery, and then
and there bury the same. And will not
be permitted upon any consideration to
convey such bodies to any intermediate
resting-place, or to keep the same in his
custody for a longer period than that re-
quired- for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent ap-
ply at "the institution where such deced-
ent may be lying awaiting burial, for per-
mission to bury the same, and prove to
the Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution that their purpose is to
provide a decent burial, and that they
have no intention and will not allow the
1 body to be used for the purpose of dissec-
tion, then and in that case the body of
said deceased shall be delivered to said
friends, who shall take charge thereof
, ''and make the necessary arrangements for
the funeral with any undertaker they
i may thin-k fit: but in such event the con-
tractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom the contract may
be awarded shall be required, in all cases,
to procure from the Superintendent of the
cemetery wherein the burials have been
made a certificate of the proper burial of
each person under the provisions of his
1 contract and of these specifications; and
such certificate must, in all cases, be at-
tached to the demand of said contractor
when presented to the Board of Super-
i visors for approval, and must state the
names of the decedents and the institu-
tions from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the
above conditions, the contract shall be
terminated by said City and County.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
I pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial- newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
All interments of indigent persons the
I expenses of which must be borne by the
City and County (other than those from
1 any of the public institutions) must be
■ authorized by the Health Officer issuing
! a permit therefor, and all bills for such
interments to be approved by the Health
: Officer prior to being presented to this
Board. All demands for the burial of In-
-1 digent persons from any of the public in-
stitutions to be approved by the Superin-
tendent of the institution at which the
death occurs, prior to being presented to
this Board.
Bidders will estimate and state a speci-
fic amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and
to facilitate the award, the Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the com-
I mittee, and a certified check on some
i bank in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco for the sum cf five hundred ($500)
dollars, in favor of and made payable to
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors,
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid, conditioned that if the proposal is
accepted and the contract awarded, and
if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and give a bond- of five thousand
($5000) dollars, required within six days af.
ter the award is made, then, and in that
case the said sum shall bo collected and
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk..
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
___________
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry geol. min-
eralogy, surveying, -math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
. BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
• shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters ■as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to .learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1003 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall, j
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest prof*.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage, licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph McCarthy and Annie Gillesple 24-2")
Cliff L. Jones and Myrtle B. Winterstein. 24-19
Oscar K. Cushing.and tna G. Oriffih 34-33
William Rogers and Lizzie Robuson 33-34
Edel Hecht and- Ida. M. Lincoln 26-22
John R. Bame and Catharine C. Ra15t0n.;.. 36- 23
Gordon A. Ross .'and Helen <;. Beatte.. 27-26
Samuel Swirling and Molcho Welntraub
A. N. Crawford and Amy 1. \Vorthington.29-lS
D. H. McLaughlin and Emye R. Habenichl
Walter S. Blame ami Mary. T. Burke 40-35
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES^DEATir
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will nntbe inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANKELE— In this city, Anil 24, 1899, to the
wife of J. H. Ankele, a son.
BROWN— this city, April 22. 1899, to the
wife of William C. Brown, a son.
KUGEL In this city, April 22, 1899, to the
wife of Jacob Kugel, a son. .
MEYER— Anttoch, April 24, 1899, to the
wife of (*,. Meyer, a daughter.
WATSON— In Clarksburg. Yolo Count y, April
20. 1899. to the' wife (if C. F. Watson, a son.
DIED.
Boyle, Mary . Moffat. Eugene
Carr. Edmond D. riummer, Dr. R. H.
Cook. Carroll C. Reardon. James F.
Durkee. Mary Rennison, Margaret
Finkenstedt. Henry Romani. Annie
Fisher. Mary E. V. Rosentreter, Otto
Gleeson, Patrick Schroder, Sophia
Hall. Ernest Stanton. Margaret
• Heffernan. Mabel M. Swanson. Charles
Holliet, William H. Thompson, Ida M. .
McDonald. Win. M. Thurston. Joseph
Melntyre, Thomas Warner, John
BOYLE— In " this city. April 24. -1899, Mary
Boyle. Tseloved mother of Mrs. William Wat-
son, a native of Scotland, aged 78 years.
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 52 Merritt street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric car from Eight-
eenth and Denver streets at 2:30 o'clock.
CARR— In this city, April 24, 1899, Edmond
D., beloved son of David J. and Emma A.
Carr. a native of San Francisco, aged S
months and 3 days.
(T~?'Fri!>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his parents'
. residence, 1230 Broadway, near Hyde. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COOK— In this city. April 24. 1899, Carroll C.
dearly beloved son of Walter A. and Lizzie
Cook, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 5 years
3 months and 21 days.
IP 5 " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1779 Haight street. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by
11 o'clock creek route.
DURKEE— In this city, April 24, 1899, Mary,
widow of the late John L. Durkee, and
mother of Mary Louise, Bessie T. and John
R. Durkee, a native of Baltimore, Md.
ITT" Friend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 231 Second avenue, between Clem-
ent and California streets, thence to Star of
the Sea Church, Eighth and Point Lobos
avenues, where a solemn requiem mass will
tie celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FINKENSTEDT —In Frultvale. .April 25,
1599. Henry .L.. husband of Anna Flnken-
stedt, and father of Kate. Annie, Lottie and
George Finkenstedt and Mrs. George E. Lund,
a native of Germany, aged 64 years 2 months
and 11 days.
FISHER— In this city, April 2". 1899 Mary Ellen
V. Fisher, a native of Kentucky, #ged 70
years.
GLEESON— In this city. April 23, 1899. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Kate Gleeson, and
father of Michael, Mary. Joseph and Katie
Gleeson, a native of County Tlriperary, Ire-
land, aged 4S years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 356 Fifth street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In Golden Gate. Alameda County, April
2l>, 1899, Ernest Ralph, beloved son of James
and Lottie M. Hall, and brother of James A.
and Pearl Ivette Hall, a native of Golden
Gate, aged 1 year 11 months and 5 days.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, April 24, 18?9,
Mabel Marie, daughter of Joseph and Esther
HeflVrnan. sister of Raymond Heffernan, and
granddaughter of Catherine and the late Pat-
rick Heffernan. a native of San Francisco,
age 4 years and 4 months.
tC?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1311 Montgomery street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOLLIET— Sonoma, suddenly, William H.
Holliet, dearly beloved son of William and
■ Adele HolUet. and brother of Louis and Clara
Holliet, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years and 8 months.
McDONALD— In this city, April 24. 1899, Wil-
liam M., beloved husband of Surah M. ■ Mc-
Donald, and father of D. W. and Helen Mc-
Donald, a native of Maine, aged 62 years and
9 months.
EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1020 Jackson street, thence to the
Third Baptist Church, Powell street, at 11
o'clock. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McINTTRE— this city. Thomas, beloved hus-
band of Mary R. Mclntyre. and father of
Thomas F. and Genevieve Mclntyre, a na-
tive of Mohill, County Leltrlm, Ireland, aged
58 years.
MOFFAT— In this city, April 24. 1899, at his
residence. 1417 Post street, _ugene, beloved
husband of Mary E. Moffat, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass.
(CFFuneral and interment private.
PLUMMER— In this city, April 23, 1899, Dr.
Richard H., beloved husband of Belle H.
Plummer. and stepfather of M. W. Plummer,
a -native of Ohio, aged 5S years 11 months and
6 days.
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday^, at 2 o'clock, from the West
Side Christian Church. Bush street, near
Devisadero. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by special train from Third and Town-
send streets at 3:45 p. m.
.REARDON— In this city, April 25, 1899, James
F., beloved son of Ellen Reardnn. and
brother of P. H. and J. W. Reardon of San
Francisco and Mrs. B. Burke of Butte City,
Mont., a native of Manchester, N. H., aged
33 years and 2 months.
[—'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 120.' Haight street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a mass will' be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
RENNISON— In this city, April 23, 1899, Mar-
garet Rennison, a native of Ireland, aged 54
years.
ROMANI— this city, April 25. 1593. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of Charles Romani.
mother of George Romani. daughter of Mrs.,
A. Riboli, and sister of Mrs. M. Tasovaz, a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 1
month.
[tT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2111 Mason street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROSENTRETER— In West Berkeley. April 24,
1599, Otto, beloved husband of Annie Rosen-
treter, father of Mrs. A. Wells and Otto.
Alice, Grover and Peter Rosentreter. and
brother of George W. Rosentreter, a native of
Brooklyn, N. V., aged 44 years 4 months and
21 days.
.(□^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1200 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHRODER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, April 25, 1599, Sophia Schroder, a native
of Germany, aged 31 years.
STANTON— In this city. April 24. 1899, Mar-
■ garet, beloved wife of Thomas Rtanton. and
beloved mother of Richard, Thomas. Walter
and Frank Stanton, a native of New York
City, aged 43 years.
B7Frießds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SWANSON— In thl3 city. April 25. 1899, Charles
Swanson, a native of Norway, aged 38 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
THOMPSON— In New Whatcom, Wash . April
24, 1899, Ida M.. beloved, wife of W. B.
Thompson, and only child of Mrs. S. T. El-
liott of San Francisco, aged 25 years 1. month
and 10 days.
THURSTON— In Oakland, April 23, 1899, Jo-
seph Thurston, father of Mrs. C. A., Layton
and Mrs. L. Bean, a native of Canada, aged
78 years 4 months and 17 days. ■
WARNER— In this city. April 25. 1899, John,
beloved husband of Bessie Warner, and father
of Frank Warner and Mrs. James Tiernan, a
native of Germany, aged 60 years.
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 625 Florida street, near Eighteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMERSL
10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
I/Vtc/AVOY &. Co., 9
rUNEIi..L iJIHEcTORS «c !•::.. li.-.L.vIKRJ 2
1236 Market st. between Sth and 3 La. "
Telephone, Bcuth 247. 3
ia— —■ mi ii i ■■■■ m
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1314
"PUT UP YOUR
HAMMERS," SAYS
JULIUS KAHN
More State Pride Is
Needed Here.
ALL SHOULD WORK TOGETHER
TH.b CONGRESSMAN STATES
SOME PLAIN TRUTHS.
Lectures Entertainingly on "Califor
nia — Past, Present and Future,"
for the Benefit of Young
Men's Institute.
Congressman Julius Kahn. lectured last
right before a large audience in Odd Fel
lows' Hall under the auspices of Stross
mayer and rke Councils, Young Men's
Institute, The lecture chosen for his
theme was "California, Past, Present and
Future." lie has an abounding faith in
this State, believing it will shortly rank
as one of the most prosperous sections
of the world. Speaking of California as
it is to-day he said:
If the people of California had more
Stato pride it would be of inestima
ble value to the State. We all love it,
but we need to forget our petty jeal
ousies and our envy of Individuals, by
which we stand in the way of our
great enterprises. We have too many
men with "hammers out" ready to hit
a head wherever they see. one. There
is too much personal spite and per
sonal jealousy which warps men's
judgment. Whenever any one pro
poses a great movement the tirst
question is "what is ho going to make
out o" it and what does he want?"
fOur citizens should cultivate State
pride and help the State along. They
should bury the dog-in-the-manger,
childish, peevish policy ' which has
characterized them in the past— cast
aside their policy of "if I cannot, thou
shalt not."
The lack of State pride is respon
sible for much of the backwardness of
this country. There should be no
sectionalism hen?— no Northern Cali- j
fornia, no Southern California— as '
though this State was divided into two
commercial nations struggling for su
premacy, instead of one great State
wit! one end nnd one object in view
that of prosperity and progress. That
man should be expelled and ostra
cized from the. State who would stir
up any sectional differences. The fu
ture is brighter than ever was dreamed
of. As has been said by able men. the
future commerce of the world will be :
found on the Pacific Ocean. This is
• about to be realized, and California
will come in for the greater share of
The speaker traced the history of Cal- i
ifornia back several centuries, conveying
a mass of historical facts in ■ a highly
entertaining maner.
■ ♦ ■
A flow has been discovered which is
red in the sunlight and white in the
moonlight.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mm I^K^WT&^isSi
flßimiJiißSAi iimMif nfii^B
tMVedxfsdat, April 26. New prices Sunday. 9
9 No Liquors just 9
A Good Groceries a
9 Ghirardelli's goods are**
— for the money.
t* We've higher grades at
.^higher prices. f
f You save on all you buy
here. $
f Eagle Chocolate cake 20c*
f Ground " lb can 25c
Cocoa 3^^can 20ct
Preserved Ginger 25c a
V R cellar size pot W
a Usnally;3sC to 50c . A
iCandied Ginger lb 15ca
T The real thing, and good *
▼ Prunes 5 lb box 35c
0 "Imperials," Santa Clara Fancy §
x Packed. Cured by French process \
JCooper's Olive Oil ...75c J
¥ Good salads need good oil; this is T
A best cold pressed; large size bottle A
iFancy Table Peaches ..10c a
Yellow Crawford and *
A Lemon cling. Packed in heavy syrup m
iTomatoes can 5c
a Bear brand. Good; price a
V does not equal quality. {
9 EIGHT SAVING STORES: f
§T» Market fit. 8. F. 1311 Polk fit. 8. F. i
\ 1060 Vi*hliigton. Oak Shattuck At, Berkeley"
A C*h 1 W*Hhington. " Central At, Alamed»J
f X 13th 4 13th At. " 7th A Wood. Oak W
The
well
merited
reputation
Of Ghirardelli's
Cocoa and Chocolate is often
used by some dealers as a
BAIT — by offering them at
cut prices and even below
cost.
There is only a fair, legiti-
mate profit for retailers in
the following prices : Ghir-
ardelli's
Ground Chocolate, 1 lb. . .30c
Cocoa, 1-2 lb. 25c; 1 .50c
Eagle Chocolate, 1 lb . . . .25c
Monarch Chocolate (Vanilla), I
1 lb ....35c I
Pure, full weight, home i
made, FRESH.
D. GHIRARDELLI CO.
President.
'DEWEY DAY" WILL
AROUSE PATRIOTISM
THE BADGE.
THE patriotic sentimeni behind
"Dew< v I i;,y," by Whl< h the Ist
day "i* May will hereafter be
known and designated in the
United States, is peculiarly gr
and appropriate. On that day the
American arms, lone: while
fallen Into disrepute among the na
tions, was restored by the great ad
miral to its pristine plory. never again
abated or diminished; and on
: ,y he pave to the American peo
jplendid eastern empire, the mar
vel.ms possibilities of which we can
not at this time even dimly compre
hend.
Such are the views of Hon. Edward
THREE FIRMS TO
BE LICENSED TO
RUN POOLROOMS
Trustee Sylva Alters
His Opinion.
KINGSLEY & CO. WELCOMED
SAUSALITO WILL SOON BE A
"WIPE OPEN" TOWN.
Talk of Special Elections and Disin
corporation, by Which Super
visors Were Delayed,
Is Dropped.
The talk of disincorporate at Sausa
lito in order to delude the Board of Su
pervisors of Marln County into thinking
there will be no need for them to pass an
ordinance virtuaJly prohibitive of the pool
room traffic in that "wide open" town
has be^n entirely dropped. Trustee Sylva,
the "boss," to whom all searchers after
wealth by chance in Marln must come
with their petition, has so decreed. More
over, there is to be no special election to
be held to determine whether or not the
people of Sausalito want the poolroom*
this year.
"The people voted seven to one for th<>
poolrooms last year," said Sylva, "and
there Is no legitimate reason to suppose
they have changed their minds so quickly
as many think they have. We have
finally determined to hold no election, but
go ahead and license the rooms this year
the same as last."
Another radical departure has also been
determined upon. Last year the whole
Board of Trustees, composed of Sylva,
Thomas and Ambjornsen— Dickinson and
Crumpton proving mere ornaments so far
as the passage of an ordinance is con
cerned—decided that three poolrooms
would be too many and it went at that.
The wires of Broyer, Glynn & Hum
phrey's establishment were cut and there
was a merry row all around, but the lit
tle boss of Marin had hiß way, as he al
ways does In Sausalito. Now a change
has for some reason or other come o'er
the spirit of the trio's dream and three
ri.omf are to be licensed. Nobody knows
the reason why this change has been de
cided upon, but a peculiar fact is that
nine out of every ten will make the same
conjecture.
Harvey & Co., Humphrey & Co. and
Kingsley & Co. are the titles of the firms
that will hereafter sell pools on Eastern
races in Rausalito. So far as the will of
the populace is concerned, this move of
Sylva will he welcomed. Their i'lr-a is,
the more the merrier, but there are a few
who are opposed to the chanK*\ among
them being Billy" McMillan and "John
ny" Peters, two saloon-keepers, who have
a minority report io make. But their op
position cuts no figure— there will be three
poolrooms just thp same. Sylva has so
decreed, and his two satellites can be de
pendpd on to stand firm.
JOHNSON'S FIRST ORDERS.
Acting < mander of the Grand
Army Takes Hold.
CINCINNATI, April 25.— The first two
orders of the acting commander in chi^f
of the Grand Army of the Republic, W.
C. Johnson, the senior vice commandpr
In chief, have been issued. The first one
recites the action of the executive coun
cil in providing that the. place of the dead
commander in chief Sexton should not be
filled until the end of his term, hut that
the duties of the office should be per
formed by the senior vice commander in
chief. It announces that his office shall
be at 321 Pike building, Cincinnati. The
other order is the annual one concern
ing the Memorial day. May 30. The order
calls attention to the provision of the
thirtieth national encompment that Presi
dent Lincoln's Gettysburg address be
made a feature of Memorial day exer
cises, and directs commanders of posts to
have it read In connection with the exer
ciaee of the day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1899.
JUDGE EDWARD A. BELCHER.
A. 'Belcher, president of the Pacific
Coast Association of the Native Sons
of Vermont. As presiding officer of
that well-known organization; he has
i his leisure to making the
grand patriotic celebration to be given
by his Bociety on May 1 at Sunset Park
a memorable occasion.
Tf the efforts of the committee count
for anything it will be a success Hon.
Morris M. Estee has been chosen or
ator of the day. and. he is busily i n-
Kaged on an address that will thrill his
hearers and arouse their patriotism.
Many thousands will journey to the
beautiful picnic grounds on "Dewej
Pay." and by their presence attest
THE CRUSADE
FOR DECENCY
WINS A POINT
"Little Egypt" Heav
ily Fined.
POKER MEN APPEAR IN COURT
CARE EXERCISED IN DRAWING
UP THE COMPLAINTS.
Judges Conlan, Mogan and Graham
Will Each Have a Chance to
Determine What Is the
Law.
The cases of the poker-player? arrested
Monday night were distributed in Judges
Conlan, Mogan and Graham's courts
yesterday, the eight men arrested In the
Metropole being in Judge Conlan's court,
the six in the Cafe Royal in Judge Slo
gan's court, and the eight in the Palace
In Judge Graham's court.
When the cases were called In each
court the came procedure was gone
through. Attorney Ach appeared for the
defendants and by consent the cases were,
continued till Saturday to enable the ar
resting officers to simi complaints after
they had been drawn up by the prosecut
ing attorneys in each court. Saturday
the defendants will be asked to plead
and n dutc will be fixed for the trial of
the cases.
Yesterday afternoon Prosecuting Attor
ney Joachimsen of Judge Mogan s court
had the six complaints for the Cafe Royal
cases drawn up and they were sworn to
by Sergeant Conboy before the Judge.
The complaints recite that the defendants
"did willfully and unlawfully open and
conduct and carry on a certain percentage
game and there and then played with
cards and then and there played for
checks, and then and there being repre
sentatives of value in lawful money <>f
the United States to wit: that a certain
percentage game known as poker in a cer
tain public place situated to wit: at and In
a house and place known as No. 801 Mar
ket street in said city and county."
H. A. Horlein, the proprietor, is
charged with "permitting a certain per
centage game;" Joseph Barry with "con
ducting a certain percentage game" and
F. H. Ryder, Peter Hayes, Thomas Sono
gini and' A. Austin with "playing a cer
tain percentage game."
The defendants in the Metropole cases
in Judge Conlan's court are L. H. Han
pen, proprietor; John Wilson, conductor,
anr] Frank Winn. W. Pnrker. C. Sipe, Al
fred Berand, Julius Klein and Bud Wil
liams, ]>la\ers. In the Palace casos in
Judge Graham's court the defendants are
C. W. Rebeman. proprietor; J. 11. Wil
son, conductor, and Fred Meyer, Herman
Hoffman, Victor Josselyn, John Diener,
Alfred Brandenberger and Thomas Han
sen, players.
When "IJttlfi Egypt," convicted by
Judge Conlan Monday of committing a
lewd and indecent act In . her contortion
dance at a theater on Market street, ap
peared for sentence yesterday Attorney
Long moved for a new trial and arrest of
judgment. The Judge, after listening tr,
hit* arguments, refused the motlf.n and
sentenced her to pay a fine of $100 with
the usual alternative.
Attorney Long gave notice of appeal
and the bonds were fixed in $300, which
were at once forthcoming. The case for
trial by jury in acting Police Judge Par
ry's court will not coma up till May ifl.
A Hoodlum's Punishment.
George Cameron, alias. Collins, a typical
hoodlum, was convicted by Judge Slogan
yesterday on charges of disturbing the
peace and malicious mischief at the lodg
ing-house at 309 Grant avenue last Sunday
morning. Mrs. Chabot. the landlady, at
the Judge's request, also swore to a com
plaint charging him with battery, and an
other charge of using vulgar language
was booked against him. He will get the
full limit on each charge.
■ ♦ ■ :-;.
."Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
thpfr appreciation for the famous ad
miral. Jt is hoped that every store,
factory, shop and office will undoubt
edly close on that day bo thai every
one may particii f< stival.
Judge Belcher Is earnestly advocating
th.' closing of all business mi "Dewey
i >ay," ■ s iid, "such pal riotlc
exhibitions mark the respeel and love
we bear toward our great captains and
furnish a powerful Incentive to the
young', stimulating their hearts, both
bj precept and example, to remember
the lessons of their fathers, so that in
their turn and with equal courage and
patriotism they may be readj to re
spond to their country's call to arms.' 1
FABIOLA SAID
TO BE CATERING
TO GAMBLERS
San Francisco's Good
Example.
OAKLAND WILL IGNORE IT
MINISTERS WILL OPEN FIRE TO
MORROW NIGHT.
Lady Managers Who Voted Against
the Acceptance of T. H. Wil
liams' Offer Are Highly
Commended.
Oakland Office Snn Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 26.
The Alameda County ministers have
prepared a statement to be submitted at
the regular prayer meetings on Wednes
day evening, expressing their regret that
Oakland should take up with and en
dburage an evil that even t^un Francisco
has dispensed with.
The protest is as follows:
We, the pastors and churches of
Alameda County desire to enter our
respectful but emphatic protest
against the receni action "f those di
rectors of the Fabiola Hospital who
voted to accept the proceeds of the
so-called Derby day at the Emery
ville racetrack, and against their an
nounced determination to make this a
"gala day" and a "society occasion,"
thus countenancing this gigantic «-vil
and encouraging and aiding an insti
tution which is damaging to the busi
ness and moral interests of our com
munity.
We further desire to express our
appreciation of me noble stand taken
by those other directors of Fabiola
who made the earnest, endeavor to
prevent this Derby day, but who were
defeated by a vote of 20 to 13
This recent action of the Kahiola di
rectors in their affiliation with a
gambling institution is more deplora
ble in the light of the recent action of
the city government of San Francisco
in banishing pool rooms, and the vig
orous efforts of our Oakland city offi
cials against all forms of gambling.
We should teach our people to glad
ly share their substance for the relief
of the unfortunate rather than that
our charities art- to be supported by
connivance with gambling institutions
C. It. Brown, K. H. Dille. E. S. Chap
man, \V. \Y. S< udder, A. T. Needham
S W -J >e , 1 7 yi L ' J - Gary «. H. H. Dob
bins, l< . H. Robinson, committee Min
isterial Association of Alameda
County.
Nearly all of the ministers of this city
will deliver short, aoaresses to-morrow
evening, condemning the racetrack its
influence and its alleged charity toward
Fabiola Hospital. An effort has been
made to obtain the names of the ladles
who voted for and against the accept
ance of T. H. Williams' offer, but so far
without success.
At the meeting when the ladies reached
a decision there were twenty in favor of
Derby day and thirteen opposed to it
Mrs. B. L. Alexander is the lady who
promised JlflOO donation if Pabiola day be
dispensed with. Among those who fa
vored the day were Mrs. President Vu!.-
Mrs. W. It. I »avis and Mrs. H. o. Trow-
Dismissed by Stipulation.
The suit of the Mutual Electric Light
Company against Mayor Phelan and the
Board of Supervisors, wherein the com
pany sought to compel the board to grant
it permission to erect poles outside the
fire limits, was dismissed yesterday by
stipulation. The dismissal "of the suit is
the result of the board's action in grant
ing the covetfd privilege.
Cathedral Council.
Cathedral Council, Y. M. 1., will to-mor
row night be entertained by Captain P. J.
H. Farrell, surgeon of the First California
Volunteers, with a recltaJ of events at
Manila, from which place he recently re
turned.
CAPTAIN EDGAR
WILL NOT BE A
PRISON DIRECTOR
San Quentin Official
in Hard Luck.
BIRLEM FINALLY TRIUMPHS
RAY WILL STILL REMAIN ON
THE PRISON BOARD.
Harbor Commissioner Kilburn Said
to Have Interceded With Gov
ernor Gage in Behalf
of His Friend.
The desire of J. C. Edgar, captain of
the yard at San Quentin Prison, t
cure a position on th^ Board of State
Prison Directors 1? doomed to disappoint
ment. So declares Governor Gage, the
political mouthpiece of a well known
Mexican colonel.
For some time it has boon known that
Edgar was greatly desirous of obtaining
a position en ihe board, but his reason
was noi bo clearly understood. Edgar is a
wt.iithy man and has frequently In the
past asserted his Intention to resign the
• ares of active life and "take things
easy" for th.--r.st of his natural exist
ence. But finally the reason leaked out,
and then the omnipresent "Knocker" got
in his d< adly work.
Is Beems that tor many moons Captain
Edgar and Captain of the Guard Hirl<-m
have 1 1 •> t been on speaking terms, except
as regards their official duties. 1 ■ those
who hv acquainted with the circum
stances Edgar ts commonly held to be in
thi v-i. ng. However, he is credited with
a r>eliet thai a position on the board would
give him a chance to make things Intpr
esting for Birlera. Then ram.' the obsta
cle.
Captain Birlem is said to occupy.his po
sition ii aecou.nl of the friendship of
Paris Kilburn, now Harbor Commissioner.
W'hon Killmrn learned how things were
going he is asserted to have Interceded
with Governor Gage in behalf of his
friend.
I>"tia!<l Ray, thf director at San Quentin
pi sltion was for a time in jeopardy,
finally reached the conclusion that he was
an Aguirre man, and that was all Gage
win, :■■',. go I :^a as hp would have no
trouble with R.iy he could remain on the
board. Thai disposed of Edgar's chance,
and now there is rejoicing on one sidi
a mark, d feeling of sorem ss on the other.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Forty-Nine Lodges Will Have a Re
union in San Jose on the 18th
of Next Month.
Tho several lodges of Ban Francisco
and of Alameda County <>t" the Ancient
Order of United Workmen, together with
tin l lo'dgea of the Degree of Honor in this
city and across the bay, in all forty-nine
lodges, have arranged to have ;i grand
reunion and picnic ai San Jose on Thurs
day, May is. The executive committee
having charge of the matter has i
officers: Walter Malloy of Golden Date
Lodge, president; Daniel Sewell of Tri
umph Lodge, \!<» i president ; Mrs. Mary
J. Stewart of Silver Spray Lodge, ■
urf-r, and Frank .j. Magulre of Friendship
Lodge, secretary. The BUb-commlttees
are:
Finance— D. Sewell, M. J. Blackmann
and i . X eefe.
Ground mid Transportation— J. W. Mc-
Carthy, Frank H. Margetts, Prank E3.
Farley, "NN* lll J. Beatty and Frank J. Mc-
Gulre.
Prlntlnp— Frank J. McGuire, O. H.
Smythe and Frank R. Margetts.
Music— Will J. Beatty, Mrs. M. J. Stew
art and A. A. Wigmore.
Talent— Mrs. M. J. Stewart, Mrs. A.
Mathewson, Mrs. W. Malloy, Frank J.
McGuire and M. Olennnn.
Presa A, E. Thompson, P. If. Jenner
and W. 11 . Day.
Programme- Frank R. Margetts, A. E.
Thompson and W. H. Day.
Banner- M. J. Blackmann, Joseph
Tracey, J. H. Barrow, \Vllllam «
and J. w. McCarthy.
Prizes— A. \V. Tuprpv. Mrs. G. I>.
Flack. Mrs. F,. Pinkham. W. C. Crowley,
J. W. McCarthy, M. Glennon, C. 11. Dan
ton, Daniel Sewell, M. J. Blackmann, G.
M. Lawton and A. E. Thompson.
Gameß-M. F. Taylor. M. J. Blackmann.
Frank E. Farley; W. C. Crawtey, T. F.
McKay. W. H. Day, M. Glennon, <;. M.
Lawton, D. Keefe, J. M. Lyons, F. T.
Knowles, A. A. AVipmore and Frank R.
Margetts.
This will ho the first outing: that this
order has given in many years, and those
having charpe of it will do all In their
power to rnak>' it one of the most enjoy
able of the year.
SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA
VOLUNTEERS AT BANQUET
VETERANS OF THE CIVIL WAR
ELECT OFFICERS.
Will Request First Regiment of This
State, Now in Manila,, to Perpet
uate Their Organization.
The California volunteers now in Manila
will on their return homo he asked to join
the Society of California Volunteers,
which is composed of veterans of the
Mexican and Civil wars. This action,
taken at the thirty-fourth annual meeting
of the society held last evening at the
Occidental, is intended to perpetuate the
organization. President C. W. Gordon,
who presided at the meeting, stated that
the invitation to the younger soldiers
would undoubtedly he accepted, and he
appointed a committee, consisting of
Charles A. Sumner, Colonel W. R. Smed
berg- and Colonel C. Mason Kinne. to con
fer with the regiment when it comes back
and persuade them to fraternize with the
older volunteers.
The election of officers to serve for the
ensuing term resulted in the selection of
Captain Charles A. Sumner as president;
J. 11. Gilmore, first vice president; 11. J.
Brady, second vice president; James I>.
Homer, corresponding secretary; C. W.
Gordon, treasurer; J. C. ]nnes, recording
secretary.
After the business meeting the members
adjourned to the dining-room, where an
elaborate banquet was enjoyed. Retiring
President C. W. Gordon acted as toast
master, and in his introductory address
Btated that the society had gathered to
properly celebrate the anniversary of the
day on which General EL V. Sumner as
sumed command of the military forces on
this coast thirty-eight years ago in place
of Albert Sidney Johnston, and thereby
prevented the loss of California aa a
member of the American Union.
The following were the toasts and those
who responded: "President of the United
States," Captain Sumner; "Our Country,"
Captain H. A. Gorley; "Army and Navy,"
( olnnel W. R. Smedberg; "Our Society,"
c W Gordon; "California." C. Mason'
Kinne; "The I'nion Dead," Captain Elisha
Brooks.
Besides the honored guest of the
evening Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor
of Howard-street M. E. Church, there
were also present William McCleave, J.
H Gilmore, J. Ellis Hill, Captain John
Lafferty, H. J. Brady, Colonel J. B.
Moore G. A. Bwasey, G. B. Tolman,
Major William B. Hooper and J. C. Innes.
ANNUAL MEMORIAL SERVICE.
George H. Thomas Post Beveres the
Memory of Dead Comrades.
The annual memorial service commem
orative of the deceased comrades of the
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Depart
ment of California and Nevada. Grand
Army of the Republic, was held in the
assembly hall of the Red Men's building,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WASHJABRICS,
Our importations of above goods are
now complete.
Printed French Organdies, Scotch Printed Madras,
121 c, 15c, 25c and 35c yard Isc and 20c yard
Woven Egyptian Tissues, new Novelty White Goods,
fabric « % 12ic, 15c, 20c and 25c yard
25c, 3Cc, 40c and 50c yard _. .. . , n .. ' .
1 j Plain Colored Organdie Linings,
Printed Scotch and Irish Dimi- 40 inches wide, all shades,
tles ' .*i j* E a 121 c yard
121 and 25c yard
I Cotton Covert Suitings, a full
English and French Printed assortment of shades,
Pi( i ues ' 12.1 c yard
15c, 20c, 3?c and 40c yard
Fine Scotch Ginghams, in
Scotch Woven Cheviots, checks, plaids and stripes,
25c and 35c yard 20c and 25c yard
Linen Dress Crashes, plain jolle dv Nord Zephyrs, In
and fancy, large variety,
I2jc, 20c and 25c yard 10c yard
An elegant assortment of Scotch Tennis Flannels, an lm-
Printed Percales, dark, me- mense variety of new
dium and light, grounds, styles,
12Jc yard 30c and 50c yard
French and English White Plain White French Organ-
Corded Piques, die,
20c, 25c, 30c, 40c, 50c, 40c, 50c, 60c, 75c,
60c and 75c per yard $1.00 and $1.25 yard
100 pieces French Printed Flannels, latest
colorings, in assorted dots and stripes.
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
S2n Post street, last evening. The hall was
well filled with veterans and their fami
lies and the ■■-• rvlce vraa Interesting and
impressive.
During the past year death has sum
' moned ten fn>in tlie ranks of the Thomas
Posi They are: Frank E. Eaton, J. J.
Shepheard, B, H. Upham, Albert Cressy,
William A. Byrnes, Charles H. Hamlin.
: Samuel Flint. John O'Connell, F. J. Flet
ter and Edward Smith. In touching words
. the Bpeakera of the evening revered their
memory and praised each of their iruli
i vldual records. The following was the
pp >gramme:
Prayer, chaplain "U'llliam E. Royal: in
! troductlon, <v.mman<ler Edward A. Hullls:
1 Plymouth qunrrot, "Praise of the Soldier,' 1
D. M. Lawrence. J. C. Rico, C 1,. Gage
, and C. L. Parent: "In Memoriam, ("nm
i rade Selden Sturgis; bass solo, "Dream of
Paradise,"' Charles L. Parent: oration.
j "Our Country." Comrade Rev. W. R.
8.-iir: duet. "The I^attle Eve," Messrs.
IxTwrence and Gage: recitation, "The
Flag." Miss Mabel Smitten; violin solo,
: "Elegie," Hother Wismer; Plymouth
j Quartet. "My Native Land," and "Amer
ica." by the audience.
The hall had been artistically decorated
i for the occasion. Lilies, evergreens, flags
and pennants of the post were displayed
to advantage in all parts of, the room. A
pretty feature of adornment was the
stacked arms, handsomely entwined with
roses, at each end of the stage.
RECITAL BY
ROSENTHAL
After an absence of several months,
Morltz Rosenthal returned to San Fran
cisco and played yesterday afternoon in
the Grand Opera-house. His programme
was an excellent one and his playing was
quite as sensationally obstacle-proof as
it was at the previous performance, but
the audience was notably small, in spite \
of the low prices. A good-sized audience j
Is half the success of a concert, and It i
seems a pity so few of our musical towns- !
folk should have turned out to greet an j
artist of Rosenthal's importance.
His playing needs no new description. !
From a technical standpoint . he is the
wonder of the age, and he has a fine mu
sicianly mind that asserts itself in every- !
thing that he approaches. That !■<■■ has
not the ideal temperament, the human
throb, is perhaps to be regretted," but it j
is not a newsy regret at this time of day.
We must accept Rosenthal's tempera
mental limitations in much the same j
spirit that we accept those of Henry j
Irving. Both are great technical artists,
and have done something for the develop
ment of their. crafts. ;.-;:;
Rosenthal's most distinguished work
yesterday was in Beethoven's "Appas- I
sionata" sonata, which he played with j
rich, sonorous tone and authoritative an- !
alysis. . The rest of the programme dis- j
played the artist in a variety of moods \
and aroused the genuine enthusiasm of '■
those present.
In the same theater he will play this !
afternoon the following programme:
Air et variations Handel
Rondeau . ...Couperln
Allegro .' Scarlatti ■
Sonata, op. 58, B miner Chopin
Nocturne ...Field
Moment musical .■ Schubert
Valse, C sharp minor: Valse, D flat; Etude;
Scherzo, B flat minor Chopin
Don Juan Fantasle Liszt
Saver gives the last of his piano re
citals on Thursday evening in the Odd
Fellows' Hall. This is the programme:
Sonata, op. 31. No. 1, G major Beethoven
Carnaval, op. 9 (scenes mlgnonnes).. Schumann
Impromptu, op. 66; Berceuse, op. 57; Bal
lade, op. 47 Chopin
Pavaune Salnt-Saena
Barcarolle, op. 50, No. 3... Rubinstein |
Serenade Franca'lse; Feullles de Tremble
(study) v . Saner
Rhapsodle No. 12 Liszt ;
Returning Klondikers Perish.
VICTORIA. X <•. April 85.— A Ptnry
has reached here from Alaska to the ef
fect that a party of six returning Klon
dikers, ono member of which is said to
have been bringing out considerable
treasure, has been drowned near Fifty
Mile, where the river trail Is now im
passable. The story was given at
Skaguay by a late arrivtl, but it is un
confirmed by the other late comers. No
names were given.
Don Carlos' Latest Manifesto.
MADRID, April .25.— Don Carlos, the
Pretender, Is said to have sent a fresh
manifesto to hia adherents.
1 ffi iW^ W-4 tiwl-$0 '
COPVRI&KT i«9». £
A MAN WHO IS NOT
FASTIDIOUS
about his laundry work will take it to
"any old place," but those who are
well-bred and want their linen to be
faultless in its color and finish will seek
out the United States Laundry in time,
just as water finds its level. Our laun-
dry work is incomparable, and is the
perfection of the launuryman's art.
Try us!
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
I One Grade — THE HIGHEST. S
. BICYCLES &|
HO
. THDS- H. B. YARIET. Market ft. llth. S. F- I
■ Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings. 'W |
GRAND CLOSING- OUT SALE.
PERSIAN
sira pi ipo
& a stUud
' To Be Sold at AUCTION,
' THIS DAY Wednesday), April 26.
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m
1:25 GEARY ST.
Every Ruk will be sold out regardless. You
can not afford .to miss this sale if you want
great bargains in rare Rugs.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer. C °"
NERVITA * WMm VITALITY
i>icnviirt LOST vigor.
Jstsj<*h mma AND MANHOOD
\{£g£~ \ Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Vwij9 Q VMM LOST or excess anil
■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects ofsclf-abuse, or excess and
,VU i^JH indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
r'VT'vin' Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re>
SlllswJ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 p—
ly^^V boxi 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
J^ilt^g-f \J guarantee to cure or refund the money.
ikrvita medical Co., Clinton & Jackson $«., Cbieag:.
E. i». Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market, 8. F.
- ■■ • ■■ ■■-"■- ■■■■"_.