VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 138.
VAST ARMY NEEDED TO
PACIFY PHILIPPINES
Having Abandoned the Towns Taken
While Returning to Manila, Lawton
Says 100,000 Troops Are Re
quired to Restore Peace.
■ill and the New T-rk
. by James Gor-
MNIILA, April i6.—Ma
jor Genera] Lawton is re
turning with his expedi
to Manila, by order of Gen-
I >tis, after evacuating the
town? of Pacte, Longos, Lum
han, Pa Gasajan and Santa
( m/. from which the Filipinos
been driven.
enerai Lawton's troops arc
led in the movement north of
ila, and Laguna de Bai will
be left to the insurgents until the
rainy seas* ::. when the water!
will be higher, thus enabling the i
army gunboats to get into the
rivers. The launches captured
from the insurgents are to be re
turned to their former owners in
Manila. General Lawton said in
an interview:
"With the forces I have
there is no doubt I could go
through the whole island,
but if a government is to be
established it will be neces
sary to garrison all the
towns. It would take 100,
--000 men to pacify the isl- 1
ands. I regret the neces
sity of abandoning the cap
tured territory."
During the absence of Gen
eral Lawton's expedition to the !
Santa Cruz district, upon the
southeastern side of Laguna de |
Bai, the insurgents have been
concentrating at the northern
end of the lake, near Pasig, and
the American scouts report that
several thousand are already I
there.
Two hundred and fifty Chi- i
nese from Sai.ta Cruz have ar
rived here. They left town owing i
to their fear that the enemy, on
re-entering it, would wreak ven
geance upon them for favoring ■
tho Americans.
NEW YORK, April 16.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following; Having accpnapli^iied the ob
The San Francisco Call.
MANILA, April 17. lO:r>n a, m. — Major General Lawton's expedition
to the Laguna de Bai district re-embarked last evening, anchored for
the night at the head of the River Pasig and reached Manila this
morning, bringing all the men and the captured insurgent boats.
Its object, namely, the capture of the insurgents' boats and the dis
tribution of the proclamation, emphasized by a lesson of American
power, throughout the lake region, have been attained. General Law
ton immediately began preparations for an important expedition on
land. There has been no fighting on the lake for three days.
ject of their movement. Major General
I.awton and the troops under his com
i mand arf pow returning to Manila,
wh<re th f -y will be available for imme
diate operations against Aguinaldo's
new capital.
Great results in the way of the paci
fication of the island are expected by
i the President and his Cabinet to accrue
from General Lawton's expedition. It
i developer] to-night that the main pur
pose of this expedition was to spread
DEATHS FROM
DISEASE AND
BATTLE WOUNDS
I WASHINGTON, April I(s.— The
following cablegrams from Gen
-5 eral Otis at Manila were received
at the Wax Department to-day:
| MANILA, April 16.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Deaths since last
I report:
i DISEASE AND SUICIDE.
k Smallpox— April 5, Daniel 8. Noble,
' recruit, Eighteenth Infantry; »th, Na
. thanlel Pri'kett, private, Company G,
I Twenty-third Infantry; 11th, Julius
Hohenfeld, corporal. Company N,
* Fourth Infantry; 13th, Algernon Gard
" ncr, private. Company G, Fourth In
fantry; John Turner, private. Company
) H. Fifty-first lowa.
Typhoid fever— April 8, Charles Kals
» f-r. corporal. Company F, First Ne
' l>ra,=ka.
Fever, undetermined— April 13, Charles
) E. Chelsea, private. Company B, First
South Dakota.
Dysentery— April 13, Albert H. WTiit
) aker, sergeant. Company A, First
North Dakota.
I Suicide— April 12, George Brings, pri-
v ate. Company G, First Wyoming In
fantry, real name Harry D. Wicks.
i Casualties not heretofore reported:
WOUNDED.
) First Nebraska— March 28, Company
H Private Deeds Forsbelg, abdomen,
k slight" 28th, Company F. Private Ora
' RoM neck, slight; 29th, Company C,
Private Jesse Balrd. hand. slight;
I Company F. Private Edward Matthews,
wrist, slight; 3iHt. Company L. Sergeant
William L. Baehr, shoulder, slight:
► Company B. Private Herbert Rasmus-
Fen. thigh, severe; Company F. Private
I Frank A. Graham, leg. slight. First
' Washington-April 13, Company H.
. First Lieutenant Edward F. Sothern.
> forearm, severe; First Sergeant John J.
Carlton. leg. slight. Fourteenth In
k fantry— Company A. Private Moses P.
' 1".. hard. thigh, severe; Company K.
Private Alonzo" H. Johnson, hip, se-
I vere Second Oregon— April 15, Com
pany A. Second Lieutenant J. A.
Young foot, serious. First North Da
> kota. Company I. Private Herbert
Files, axilla, severe.
j KILLED.
First North Dakota— Company C,
» Corporal I. Driaeotl; Wagoner .1. Peter
* Tompkins: Privates Alfred Allen. Wil
liam G. Lamb; Company I, Musician
) George Schneller. OTIS.
HliM-9HI-iroHl,rt-
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
I broad^aPt thrnußhnut th» tf-rTitnry
traversed by thp American trr>ops rop
irs of the prorlamation issiifrl by th^
Thilippino rommipsion to thp Filipinos
several weeks ago. Considerable dif
ficulty has been experirn^od by the
commission in arquatnling tho natives
with the kindly intentions of this Gnv
f rnment. Apuinaldo's orders require
that all proclamations posted outside
of the territory directly under the con
trol of the American forces shall be
torn down and destroyed, his object be
inp to prevent his people by every
means in his power from learning of
the friendly purposes of Fresid.-nt Mo-
Kinley. Tt was deemed a pood move
by th<> commission, ) n view of the pres
ence of Agnlnaldo in the north, to send
an expedition to the south which would
distribute copies of the proclamation at
all points touched, and at the same
time show the natives that friendly and
humane spirit animated the Americans,
though they were under the necessity
of destroying any armed resistance
they might encounter.
When I showed the Herald's dispatch
announcing the recall of General Law
ton to Brigadier General Schwan. act
ing adjutant general, he told me it was
in accordance with the understanding
of the War Department as to the pur
pose of General Lawton's campaign.
"General Otis sent this expedition to
Southern Luzon," he continued, "for
the purpose of destroying any Insur
gent forces that might be found there,
to make a careful reconnoissance of
the territory and to spread broadcast
the recent proclamation of the Philip
pine Commission, setting forth the pur
poses of this Government with respect
to the islands. You have doubtless no
ticed that General Lawton carefully re
frained from burning any of the vil
lages captured by him or committing
any damage other than was absolutely
necessary to the success or his opera
tions. Before his departure from Man
ila he was given careful instructions as
to the line of conduct he should pur
fuc, and he has evidently carried them
out In a very satisfactory manner. I
understand that he will release all the
prisoners he has taken and they will be
sent to their homes. By this action It
is hoped that he will prove to the Fili
pinos that the Americans are not as
barbarous as the insurgents pretend we
are, and that we propose to treat the
Filipinos humanely."
"Why is General Lawton needed at
Manila, general?" I asked.
"General Otis has not communicated
his plans to the department, matters
'3 ~ —^/Continued pa Second _£«*• : - V^~J:
ANNIVERSARY
OF THE POPE'S
CORONATION
Impressive Scene in St.
Peter's as His Holi
ness Blesses the
Multitude,
Bredal Pablp to The Pall and the X»w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18S9, by James Gor
don BennPtt.
4- ipv OME, April 16.— The eel- +
4- Jp^ ebration of tlie twenty- 4
•4- first anniversary of the 4.
4- Pope's coronation took place 4
4- to-day at St. Peter's. The pro- 4.
4- cession passed up between a 4.
4- double line of troops around 4.
4- the high altar to the throne, +
4- on which the Pope sat, with
4- the sacred college in front of +
4- him. , .
4- On the right and left when .
4- his Holiness appeared, carried
4- on a sedia gestatoria, there .
4. were cries of "Long live the
4. Pope and King," and cheers,
4. mingled with the martial mv
-- sic, went up through the vast
4- edifice, recheering with a
4- mighty roar of thousands of
4- voices.
4- It was a grand and impres
-- sive sight, a magnificent note
4- of color being contributed by
4. the nobles' guard in gala uni- "*
4- form, and canons, bishops, +
4- archbishops and cardinals in ♦
♦ their robes. 4
-- While mass was being said 4
-- the bells all over Rome were 4
-- rung. 4-.
4- The Pope looked restored to 4
-- his ordinary health, showing 4
-- great vigor in expression 4
-- and movement as he gave his 4
4- blessing to the multitude. 4-
HIS HOLINESS IS
OVERCOME BY WEAKNESS
LONDON, April 17.- The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily News thus de-
Bcrlbes the Pope's appearance: "The
golden chair fame into view as if
floating toward the altar, with *he
Pope .sitting like a pale shadow, like
a ghcrst. Many whispered, when his
face, overshadnwr-d by the glittering
triple crown, became (li.=<"rnible. His
dark eyes peered from their deep sock
ets, his hands trembled visibly and a
sad smile played on his colorless lips.
Holbein might hay.- painted him as the
pensonification of the vanity of human
splendor. "With his left hand he waved
sad greetings, while with his right he
did his feeble best to mark the act of
blessing."
The correspondent thus depicts what
will not Improbably prove the Pontiff's
last exit from a great celebration in the
cathedral :
"His Holiness was lifted to his chair
and raised on high. Then he put OYI
his glasses and from a missal which
<\irrlinal Steinhuher held, while Car
dinal M.'ifht stood with a lighted taper,
ho read the greater benediction. His
voice, that was onrp so firm and clear,
was scarcely audible, but in absolute
silence the first words, "Adjutorium
1 nostrum in nomine domini," were
caught by the assembled multitude.
He tried to raise himself, but fell back
a.nd pronounced the remainder of the
, benediction in a recumbent position. A
loud cry. like the bursting of a storm,
broke from the multitude, and the
Pope, stretching forth his hand in bene
■ diction, was carried out of St. Peter's."
The Rome correspondent of the Daily
T- I- graph, who found the contrast be
tween the glittering ceremony and the
debilitated figure of the Pope "more
painful than moving, " says: "The
wh<">le ceremony was unduly hurried.
j The Pope remarked to an attendant
afterward: 'Ah, how weak T feel. I
wonder if this will go down in history
as my last appearance at St. Peterls?' "
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY'S
SECRETARY RESIGNS
WASHINGTON, April 16.— John Addison
Porter, secretary- to the President, who
has been ill for two or three weeks, has
informed Mr. McKinley that the condition
of his health will not permit him to con
tinue the duties of his office -and he has,
therefore, tendered his resignation. The
formal announcement of his retirement
will be made shortly. The indications are
he will be succeeded by George B. Cor
telyou. now assistant secretary to the
President, though this has not yet been
definitely determined.
EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
JARS CRESCENT CITY
CRESCENT PTTT, April J6.-An earth
quake shock, the strongest that has been
experienced in a number nf years in this
locality, occurred here at 5:40 o'clock this
morning. The vibration was from the
north and the tremor lasted about ten
seconds. No damage is reported, but the
populace was aroused from its Sunday
morning slumbers.
PROTECTED CRUISER
CORMORAN DAMAGED
BRISBANE, Queensland, April 16.— The
German protected cruiser Cormoran, en
route for Samoa, from China, has arrived
here. ■ She reports that on March 23 she
struck a reef in the Bismarck Archpelago
between Kaiser helm aland and New
Ireland,where she remained fast for six
days. The cruiser will proceed to Syd
ney, N, S, yr>. fj^Pftir*^.,
RIOTOUS SOLDIERS
SET FIRE TO A SALOON
After Bombarding the Place With Stones
the Infuriated Mob Apply a Lighted
Match to It.
BATTLE BETWEEN POLICE AND RIOTING SOLDIERS.
ANXIOUS to be revenged for an
alleged brutal assault on one of
their comrades a number of vol
unteers stationed at the Presidio
last evening wrecked Adolph
Rehfeld's saloon, at Greenwich and
Lyon streets and then set fire to it.
A barber shop conducted by Rehfeld's
brother, adjoining, . and a tailoring
establishment conducted by M. R.
Goldberg, were also destroyed by the
flames. The greatest excitement pre
vailed and for a time a riot seemed im
minent.
With curses for Rehfeld, the saloon
keeper, whom the volunteers accuse of
being responsible to a certain extent
for the beating their comrade had re
ceived, they gathered about the burn
ing structure and defied the few police
men who were attracted to the scene
to dislodge them.
Sergeant of Police Anderson, realizing
his helplessness in dispersing the mob,
hurriedly repaired to the Presidio,
where he informed Lieutenant Harris,
post adjutant, of the trouble. The lieu
tenant immediately summoned a de
tachment of his men and ordered them
to go to the scene. By this time Reh
feld's saloon was enveloped in flames
and a serious fire seemed imminent.
The mob stood on the opposite side of
the street and watched the flames with
apparent satisfaction. Acting under in
structions the officer in charge of the
detachment dispersed the crowd, after
placing a number of the most vicious
of the gang under arrest.
An alarm had been sent in from the
fire box a short distance away, and af
ter the Fire Department had arrived
little difficulty was experienced in
extinguishing the flames. Police Offi
cer John McLaughlin, while trying to
disperse the riotous gang, was struck
In the side with a bottle. He was tem
porarily disabled, and ; was carried to
"a house across the street, where he
soon recovered.
The trouble was . precipitated by
the assault upon Charles L. King, a
recruit, which occurred on Saturday
night in Rehfeld's saloon. King and
a comrade had entered the place and
called for drinks. There were three
strangers in the saloon at the time,
one of whom took offense at some in
sulting remark made by King. Words
led to blows, and King was badly
worsted in the encounter. He claims
that after he had been knocked down
his assailant repeatedly kicked him in
the face and head. The injured man
was taken to the post hospital, where
his wounds, which consisted of a deep
cut in the head and numerous bruises
jiiiou^-jja.e- ace, gad ueek, jy.erft .dressed.;
Yesterday morning King informed his
comrades that .he had been assaulted
without provocation, and intimated
that the saloon-keeper had assisted in
the attack.
In some mysterious manner a rumor
got out that King had died from
the injuries he received. After dis
cussing his supposed death his com
rades, convinced that the Baloon-keeper
was in a measure responsible, deter
mined to wreak vengeance on him.
Rehfeld'B saloon was about a block
away from the Presidio, and the riotous
gang, in order to be revenged, collected
a pile of cobblestones and proceeded to
stone the place. One of the missiles
penetrated the thin boards of which the
saloon was built and narrowly missed
Rehfeld. He immediately emerged from
the place and was received with a vol
ley of stones hurled by the infuriated
soldiers.
Seeing Police Officer McLaughlin walk
ing along Baker street, Rehfeld quickly
summoned him. By this time the mob
ha^ used up its sunnly of stones and
rushed in the direction of the saloon.
McLaughlin, satisfied that the men
were bent on mischief, took out his re
volver, c' ?rmined to protect the sa
loon-keeper at the risk of his own life.
As he stood in the doorway with his
revolver tightly clutched in his hand
the mob for a minute was nonplussed.
The supposed ringleader, accompanied
by several of the rioters while the of
ficer was engaged in an abortive at
tempt to protect the property of the
saloon-keeper, sneaked around to the
rear and forced an entrance. They
completely wrecked the bar and fix
tures and dumped the liquors on the
floor, me of the soldiers, unknown to
the police officer, started a fire in the
rear of the saloon. Policeman Phil
Herrin. who was also attracted to the
scene by the yells of the angry crowd,
discovered the blaze, and seizing a can
of milk poured the contents over the
flames, extinguishing the fire.
• Realizing MeLaughlin's danger, Her
rin, with drawn revolver, joined him in
the front of the saloon and ordered the I
gang of rioters to disperse. Just then !
one of the mob threw a bottle, !
which struck McLaughlin, knocking \
him down. Herrin was assailed with !
stones, but beyond a slight bruise of j
the hand he escaped uninjured. While I
he was exhorting the angry soldiers to j
return to the Presidio several of the j
crowd, whose names have not been as
certained by the post commander, en
tered the saloon from the rear and
started a second fire. In a few min
utes the place was ablaze and an alarm
was jturncd in fxo.nj bos 245, at JLom
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
hnrd and Baker streets. Despite tho
efforts of several citizens and police
men to extinguish the fire the flames
communicated to the barber shop ad
joining and in a short time reached tha
tailor shop.
Realizing his inability to co-pc with
the maddened crowd Sergeant Anderson
telephoned to Captain Wittman at the
Central Police Station for reinforce
ments. Wittman at once sent all his
available men to the scene, with in
structions to suppress the rioters at all
hazards.
Immediately after telephoning for as
sistance Sergeant Anderson rushed to
the Presidio and informed Lieutenant
Harris of the trouble. The latter's men
hurried to the scene and formed a circle
around the rioters. They were then
marched to the Presidio and each one
closely questioned. They denied any
participation in the firing of th build
ing?, and persistently refused to give
the names of the men who had created
the trouble. Determining to ascertain
the identity of the soldiers who created
the trouble, Lieutenant Harris ordered
nearly 200 of them locked up in the
guardhouse pending further investiga
tion.
The report that a riot was in progress
attracted a large number of citizens,
who visited the scene but were driven
off by the police. After considerable
trouble the fire department succeeded
in extinguishing the flames, not, how
ever, until the three buildings were al
most destroyed. The saloon looked as
though it had been struck by a cyclone.
BroV._n bottles were strewn about the
floor, and a picture which Rehfeld
prized highly was torn from Its fasten
ings and stepped on by the infuriated
men. Sergeant Anderson, while at
tempting to induce the soldiers to leave
the scene, was truck on the head by a
Btone tt own by one of the gang.
His version of the affair is as follows:
"I was standing at the corner of
Greenwich and Baker when I saw Reh
feld quickly emerge from the saloon
and run down the street. He informed
Ime that a gang of soldiers was am
! bushed behind the fence of the Presidio
! and was storming his saloon with
j stones. I ran to the place and was
I about to enter, when I was struck on
the head by one of the missiles. I
could see the rioters behind the fence,
I near the er. . ... ■ to the Presidio. After
j exhausting their supply of stones the
gang, which consisted of about fifty sol
diers, rushed toward the saloon, evi
dently determined on wrecking it.
Knowing that with the few policemen
who were present I was up against It
I telephoned to Captain Wittman for2
SOCIETY BELLE'S
NARROW ESCAPE
Runaway Team Smashes Vehicles
aod Endorsers Several Lives
at SaQ Rafael.
BAN RAFAEL, April 16.— Miss Sarah Bogan, niece of Millionaire
Chorlea Bogan and one of the relgVing holies at society, cams within an
ace of meeting an awful death to-day, a runaway team dashing Into a
surrey In which she was seated. She was hurled fifteen feet onto a
•num. falling between two maddened horses, one of which waa
thrown by Iho shock, while tl '" the other would have dashed out
her I kept cool and extricated herself from her peril
ous position as Quickly as she did.
While Joseph Bllvie, who drives the 'bus between the narrow-gauge
... a nd the convent and H »tel Rafael for C. F. Robinson, was stand
tform th< :ame frightened by a locomotive and
dashed madly i U oung sister of B. H. Herzog sat In a buggy
In ,-,.,,, - t , in the path of the frightened animals.
Hersog ran the haras m '- and lifted the buggy out of the
USt in Time to :'Y>>: . U lent.
MIBB down Fourth street, and at the excited ad
monition of Pierre de la Monl ye in close to the curb of P T
Burtchae] maway turned the corner of Fourth and B
d plunged Into her surrey. The rear of her
thrown to the walk. The two
heavy porch were knocked loose and fell upon one
pinning him to tl ent The other reared and lashed ,mt
with 'his heels in all directions. Though the young lady lay between
the animals si : "' the Prostrate beast to a place of
l '\7er own horse ran down the street after the collision and one of the
flying posts fell aci irrey thirty feet from the place of the col
lision remainii g tie r< until the horse was caught a block further down
the streel While a number • I : '" in^ thl> harness from
the fallen horse the heavy porch above, deprived of its supports, broke
in the center and b «h downward. A post was placed under
it in time to prevent the hdrai - killed.
Pr W J. Wlckman was summoned to attend Miss Bogan, but the
young lady said she war only Slightly bruised and would go home. J.
y Mv took her to the home of her uncle on
■
reinforcements. I then went to the
Presidio and informed Lieutenant Har
ris of what was going on. During my
absence the turbulent crowd had taken
possession of the saloon and started to
wreck it. There were a number of
shots fired by the gang, but fortunately
no one was struck by the bullets. After
the men who had boon sent by Lieu
tenant Harris to round up the gang ar
rived the mob quickly obeyed the order
to return to their barracks.
"There is no doubt but what the re
port that King had died was the cause
of the trouble. King, who is a raw re
cruit, is well liked by his fellow-sol
diers As I have been informed, he
went to the saloon on Saturday night
and engaged in a dispute which ended
in blows. He was severely punished,
and was compelled to go to the post
hospital for medical treatment. The
news that he had been roughly treated
spread rapidly, and, while his com
rades sympathized with him, I do not
think they would have wreaked ven
geance on the saloon-keeper if some
mischief-maker had not circulated the
report that King had died from the
effects of the beating he received. Sev
eral of the most vicious of the gang,
after stoning the saloon, drew their re
volvers and fired at it. Altogether,
about twenty shots were fired by
them."
Lieutenant Harris was sorely dis
tressed over the occurrence.
"If 1 had known it sooner," he re
marked, "I would have prevented the
destruction of the saloon and the
other buildings. I was informed by
Sergeant of Police Anderson of what
was going on, and lost no time in send-
Ing a detachment to the scene. I in
tend to make a thorough investiga
tion, and shall see that the guilty ones
are severely punished. I presume the
rumor of King's death incited the men
to riot. I have taken the name of
every soldier who was in the vicinity
at the time of the trouble, and to-mor
row will start a rigid investigation."
Adolph L. Rehfeld, the proprietor of
the burned saloon and restaurant, gives
the folio .ring version of the trouble
that resulted in the destruction of his
property:
"Last night there was a big crowd of
soldiers in my place, and two of them
started to talk about Cuba. After a
while another soldier came in and
joined in the discussion, claiming he
also had boon in Cuba. The other two
asked him what regiment he belonged
to and who were his officers. He got
tangled up and they told him he. was a
liar; that he had never been in Cuba.
They started to fight and the third man j
drew a razor. The ■■" then jumped !
onto him and threw him out. I was in
the roar of the place when the row be
gan, but when I hoard the racket I
came into the saloon, just as the man j
who had been thrown out came back
through a side door. I helped tw-o of
his frio~ds put him out the second time.
"Shortly after a soldier from the
Ninth, who had been left in the hospi
tal, came in and wanted to sell me a
watch. Everything was peaceable at
the time and I took the soldier into the
roar room. We had been in these but
a short time when I heard a racket in
the saloon. The soldier said they were
fighting. We rushed back into the bar
room and I saw a man on the floor and
the whole crowd jumping on him. I !
got him on his feet, and, dragging him
to the door, pushed him out, at the '
came time telling him to run. Then I !
closed the door and held the crowd
back as long as I could, but in a min
ute or two they pushed me aside and
i. -in out. I could not see which way
they went, as it was dark. About half
an hour after two soldiers came to the
door and said, 'For God's sake give us
some whisky; there is a man dying out
here/ I saturated a handkerchief with
whisky, but it had no effect, and then
1 gave them a glass of whisky for the
man to drink.
"In about five or ten minutes the door'
opened and they were bringing in a sol
dier with blood all over his face. They
said the man was dead. I would not
allow thei to leave him in the place,
and told them he was just as well off
out doors as he would bo on the floor
of 'he saloon. They took him away to
the Teneral hospital. Then the police
came and wanted to know if I had had
any trouble. I told them that I had,
but that I did not think it amounted to
anything. while we were talking five
or six very young soldiers armed with
rickets taken from the Presidio fence
came in and said they were looking for
the men who had hurt their friend.
Their appearance made everybody
laugh, even the policemen.
"This morning early I was warned by
some soldiers that tho friends of the
man who was hurt were going to kill
me and wreck my place. So this even
ing I was fearing: trouble, and my wife
happening to come up from the house
I told her to find a policeman. I wag
talking to the officer when a corporal
from the Fourth Cavalry, a friend of
mine, came in. and, railing me into the
back room, told me that he thought my
life was in danger. He said he had
heard they were going to kill me and
wieck the house' after retreat had
sounded: I made him tell the same
tiling to the policeman, and after he
left another policeman came in..
"I was talking about the threats to
the policeman when we saw a big
crowd of soldiers coming down from the
Presidio. There must have been two
or three hundred of them, and as soon ,
as they were near enough they began
throwing rocks and brickbats at the
building and also fired several shots.
One of the policemen told m 2 to put
out the lights and skip out the back
way while the other officer went for
help. I got out as quick as I could, th !
policeman standing in front of the
building to keep the crowd back. After
I got away from the place I ran to the
Union-street car and started for the
North End Police Station. When the
car reached Van Ness avenue hill I
looked back and saw a blaze. I knew
at once that it was my place burning."
Rehfeld's statement is corroborated j
by H. A. Wells, a- cook in his employ.
He estimated his loss at $2500. The
damage to the other buildings which
were destroyed by fire amounts to
about $1500, partially covered by insur
ance.
VAST IM
NEEDED TO PACIFY
PHILIPPINES
Continued from First rage.
boing loft entirely to his discretion. The
insurgent leader has established his
headquarters at San Fernando, to the
northwt Bt of Malolos, and I suppose
<;• at ial Otis contemplates a movement
Bt that city. General Lawton only
men under his command, and
it was of course Impossible for him to
di\M«; his forces by stationing detach
ments in every village captured. His
command will be useful, however, in
assisting in the advance on Malolos or
in reinforcing the line about the city
of Manila. It is possible that when the
lake rises, as the Herald's dispatch in
dicate ■:, General <»tis will resume the
campaign in the southern part of the
island."
An official of the State Department
with whom I talked told me the com
mission would continue its effort to get
the natives acquainted with the inten
tions of tho United States. This will
be done by moans of gunboats sent out
for the purpose by Admiral Dewey and
by expeditionary forces such as that
neral Lawton.
"I am confident," he continued, "as
sOon as the natives fully understand
i that this Government proposes to treat
' them liberally they will renounce their
allegiance to Aguinaldo and turn to the
j United States. Since the issuance of
the proclamation the members of the
nisslon have talked with many
Filipinos who have expressed them
selves as highly gratified at the liberal
i treatment promised them, and Presi
• dent S( hurman has reported to the
I State Department that the effect of the
i instrument has been splendid. The
, commission has not yet got into com
; munication with any of the leaders of
the insurgents, but it is hoped that this
will shortly be effected, and then I
have no doubt you will witness a
prompt reduction of Aguinaldo's forces.
' It is appreciated by the President that
ian attempt to pacify the island by
means of the military and naval forces
i alone would perhaps require several
years, but reinforced by the diplomatic
work of the commission it is believed
that the rebellion will be brought to
!an end within a comparatively short
jtime. As Luzon Is the seat of rebel-
I lion the commission will remain on that
island until peace and order are re
stored, when they will visit other
i islands. I understand they will go
in company with influential natives
throughout the archipelago, who will
be employed to spread the news of the
friendly treatment which this Govern
ment propose* to accord to them."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
SECOND TRIAL OF JAMES CUFF
RESULTS IN HIS ACQUITTAL
Alturas Young Man Found to Have Been Wrongly
Convicted of Attempt to Murder His Rival
in a Love Affair.
ALTITRAS, April 16.— After a legal battle extending over three years, and one which once resulted In a convic
tion, Jamoß Cuff was last night accjultted of the charge that he attempted to murder his successful rival for a
woman's love. •
The case was one of the most sensational in the history of Modoc County. Miss Sarah Lush was in 1896 the
belle Of Alturats. There were many suitors for her hand, among them her cousin, James Cuff, a Modoc County stock
raisor, and August Miller of this city. Miller won the mountain beauty. Soon after Cuff had been rejected Miller
was suddenly taken ill, and it was discovered that he was the victim of arsenical poisoning. Circumstantial evi
dence pointed to Cuff as the pei i ■ trator of the crime and he was arrested. The trial that- followed lasted thirty
days. The community was greatly excited over the outrage, and public sentiment had much to da with causinjr a
conviction. Cuff was sentenced to twenty years' imprisonment. While the trial was in progress Miller married
the young lady, she having nursed him brick to health.
Since then there has been a crowing sentiment that a mistake was made and that the young man was'lnno
cent. The case was carried to the Supreme Court, which ordered a new trial on the ground that much evidence
that was immaterial was admitted.
The trial just concluded was even more sensational than the first. District Attorney E. C. Bonner and John
B. Raker conducted the prosecution, while Judge G. F. Harris and Judere W. W. Foster represented the defendant.
The trial lasted twenty-four days. Many stirring scenes were enacted in the courtroom. Frequently the attor
neys were on the verge of personal combat.
The jury was out but a short time. When It returned a verdict of acauittal the people in the courtroom could
not be restrained, but applauded and overwhelmed the jurors with congratulations. The court had Lo threaten to
clear the courtroom before order could he restored. Judge Harris broke down and cried like a child. He had
fought the case for three years, always believing in the innocence of the young man. When that innocence was
established he could stand the strain no longer.
The evidence addticed at this trial shows that James Cuff must have been an Innocent man — one more victim
of circumstantial evidence.
SPIRITUAL FEAST
FOR THE LEAGUE
Services of the Sabbath
at Santa Cruz.
NUMEROUS MEETINGS HELD
PRAYERS ASCEND WITH THE
RISING OF THE SUN.
Annual Convention of San Francisco
District Closes With an Im
pressive Consecration.
Ceremony.
Fppcial Pispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 16.— This has
been a day long to be remembered by
tho Epworth Leaguers of San Francis
co distric-t. It has hem a foast of erood
things. Tho first service waa a r-unrise
meeting at 7 o'clock. Tho young Chris
tians gathered at this early hour at tho
Methodist Church. The prayer service
was r<rt by Rev. Hazen J. Little, castor
of Soquel church. With praise prayer
and testimony a delightful hour was
spent. Afterward the Loaguors gath
in fr<mt of the church and sere
naded the people of Santa Cruz with a
service of song.
At 9:80 a grand Sunday school rally
was held, C. B. Perkins of Pan Fran
cisco presiding. The superintend
of the various Sunday schools were
seated on the platform and for an hour
the people were instructed in regard to
a model Sunday school. Those taking
part were: C. B. Perkins of SimDSon
Memorial, Ban Francisco; Rev. Eli Mc-
Clish L> D "£ the University of the
Pacific; Adolf Jacob of the First
Church San Francisco; Rev. J.W. Bry
ant of Salinas. J. B. Robertson of Santa
Cruz, W. 11. Heard of East Santa Cruz.
Hon. Nathan Newby of Los Ang"l'-s.
Rev Mr. Schwartz of Japan and Dr.
Abbott of San Francisco. Miss Mary
E Morgan extended the greeting of the
First Congregational Sunday school of
Santa Cruz.
At 11 o'clock the church was crowded
to the doors by persons who gathered
to hear an eloquent sermon preached
by Rev. Chnrles Edward Locke, D.D.,
of Central Church of 6an Francisco.
The pulpits of the Evangelical churches
were occupied by visiting Methodist
clergymen. At the Christian Church
Rev J. W. Bryant preached: at the
First Baptist, Rev. Mr. Angwln.
At 3 o'clock there was a gathering
of juniors at the Methodist Church. An
enthusiastic rally of these little ones
was conducted by Junior Superintend
ent Miss Ettie B. Lloyd of Pacific
Grove.
At 3:30 a mass meeting for young
men only was held at the Young Men's
Christian Association. It was led by
C. B. PeTkins of San Franeirco.
One of the best gatherings of th<->
convention was a league devotional
meeting, the Congrogatiooal Christian
Endeavor Society uniting with the
leaguers. J. E. Robertson of Santa
Cruz led the service.
"'lie convention h«u outgrown the
Methodist Church, and through the
c'purt'P'" Of the Congregational Church,
which "five up its evening service, the
crowning meeting was held in this lance
edifice, which was crowded to its utmost
capacity. The praise service, led by Rob
ert Husband, was a rousing one. It
was followed by a sermon by Rev. Eli
McClish of tho University of tho Pa
cific. Consecration service followed.
led by Presiding Elder W. "W. Case. It
was a solemn and fitting close for the
convention of 99.
The next convention Is to be held at
Pacific Grove in 1900. and from now on
until the international convention at
Indianapolis the leaguers of California
will work to have the international
convention of 1901 meet in California.
KICKED TO DEATH BY
A VICIOUS HORSE
Tulare Blacksmith Killed While Urg
ing Forward a Balky
Animal.
TUIiARB, April IR.— D. X. McFarland, a
prominent blacksmith and horse buyer of
this city, was kicked to death by a horse
to-day. The animal balked while being
led back of a carriage, and when McFar
land got behind it to urge it on the vicious
beast kicked him. McFarland was a young
man and leaves a widow and two children.
He was a member of numerous orders,
b«ing at the time of his death noblo
j^rund of Lako T,odso No. 333, Independent
Ordec of Foresters.
JOHN GAMBETTA INSANE.
STOCKTON, April Ifi.— John Oambetta,
a member of the Horticultural Board, and
-well known for years throughout this
country, was taken to the Detention Hos
pital to-day, having Bhown unmistak
able Blgne of Insanity. He threw himself
In front of a moving locomotive, which
was stopped In time to save his life. Ho
declared that had he been run over every
train In the United States would have
etopped. In fifteen minutes. Brooding over
financial reverses drove him insane.
GUANICA WILL BE
MADE A SUB-PORT
Orders Affecting New
Possessions.
INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFICIALS
PORTO SICAN HARBOR TO BE
UTILIZED.
Building Material Admitted Free in
Cuba to Encourage the Con
struction of Improve
ments.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, April 16.— 8y the
tion of the President Acting Sec
retary of War Meiklejohn lias issued
the following instructions to the mili
tary authorities in Cuba, Porto Hico
and the Philippines:
First, the Pre sldent directs that Guantca
shall !••• made a sub-port of J'orto Rico.
Jt la Bald to ln> one of the. best natural
ports in .the Island of I'orto Rico, and
merchants and planters estimate the < x
' ports from the district it serves in sugar
and coffee alone at (3,000,000 annually,
while Lhe Imports are estimated at almost
if not quit ■ as large a sum.
Second, th>' President directs that ar
ticlea of growth, produce and manufac
ture of tli<' Philippine Islands exported to
a foreign country and returning without
having '"■' n advanced in value or im
proved in condition by any process of
manufacture or other means ami on which
; o drawback or bounty has been allowed
shall be admitted trie of duty.
Third, any merchandise found on any
vessi 1 . Qterlng a Cuban port which is not
Included in the vessel's manifest shall
forfeit an amount equal in value, to the
merchandise not manifested. All such
m< rchandise belonging to or consigned to
the officers <>r crew of the vessel Is like
wise forfeited unless it shall be clearly
proved that the omission was not the re
sult of i*~u<\ or collusion. In such case
the master may bo allowed to correct his
manifest by means of a post entry. Should
any package or article named on the man
ifest be missing on the arrival of the ves
sel the master is compelled to pay a pen
alty of $1 per ton unless the deficiency
Shall be satisfactorily explained or ac
counted fur.
Fourth, bricks, glazed or unglazed, for
building purposes, as well as undressed
common pine lumber, shall bo admitted
Into all Cuban ports duty free. This is to
encourage tho erection of residences by
the Cubans.
Fifth, tho duty on crude salt phall be 20
cents and on manufactured salt 50 cents
per hundred kilos.
Sixth, Inventors and owners of patents
shall have the same protection in the sev
eral islands under the military govern
ment of tho United States as they re
ceive tinder the laws of the United States.
The order especially refers to owners of
patents, including design patents, which
nave been issued or shall hereafter be is
sued, as well as the owners of trade
marks, prints and labels, which are duly
registered in the United States Patent Of
fice, according to the laws of the United
States relating to grants of patents and
to the registration of trade marks, prints
and labels.
Tho ordor further provides thnt an In
fringement of the rights secured by the
lawful issue of a patent or by registra
tion of a trademark, print or label shall
BUbject the guilty person or party to all
tho liabilities created and imposed by tho
laws of the United States which relate to
such matters.
It is provider!, however. In such cases as ;
are above mentioned, that a duly certified
copy of the patent or certificate of regis
tration of the trademark, print or label
must be filed in the office of the. Governor :
General of the Island In which protection" !
is desired. To this provision is added a I
second, viz:
That the rights of property in patents
and trademarks secured in the several
islands and other ceded territory to per
sons under the Spanish laws shall be re
spected the same as If such laws were In
full force in said islands and territory.
DUKE DE ARCOS IS
COMING AS ENVOY
Appointed "by Spain to Represent the
Madrid Government at Wash
ington.
MADRTD. April If..— The Official Gazette
to-day contains a royal decree appointing
the Duke de Arcos to be Spanish Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten
tiary to the United States.
The decree also creates consulates at
Havana. Manila, Iloilo. San Juan de
Porto Rico and Clenfuegos.
Senor Larrea, now Spanish Consul at
Antwerp, is transferred to Havana; Senor
Boullla, now nt Shanghai, la appointed to
Manila and Senor Uriarte goes to Ant
werp.
WILL SOON LEAVE CHILE.
President Alonzo of Bolivia Ready
to Return Home.
Rperlnl fable, to The ("all and the New York
Hornld. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Oor
<'vn Hr-nnntt.
LIMA, Peru, April 16.— President Alonzo
of Bolivia Is still at Antofagaata, Chile,
but Is soon to leave Chile for the province
of LA Paz, Bolivia. At Oruro. where Presi
dent Alnnzo made his headquarters and
was defeated by revolutionists, all srems
to be quiet and things are settling down.
Senor Romana, candidate for the Presi
dency, haa arrived here. A crowd of 3000
politicians and Bpectatorß met him.
A few rockets were fired, but otherwise
there was no enthusiasm,
TEMPLAR COLORS
CLOTHE THE CITY
Sacramento Awaits the
Sir Knights.
FEATURES OF THE CONCLAVE
IMPOSING PARADE TO OCCUR ON
THURSDAY.
Capital City Residents Determined
That the Fame of Their Hos
pitality Shall Not Be
Dimmed.
Special Dispatch to The PaJL
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— Masonic
Hall to-night gave evidence of the
handiwork and taste of expert deco
rators, and the Saturday night pr
nadcrs who filled the thoroughfares
paused in front of the building to ad
mire the combinations of black and
white, tho Templar colors, and their
accompaniment of tho national flag.
As the temple was to-night so will all
tho city bo this week. When the first
conclave of the Knights Templar ever
hold in California outside of San Fran
cisco will take place. The conclave will
open on Thursday morning and will
continue until Saturday night. Most of
the time will be devoted to- the secret
work of the order, but there will be
several public features which everybody
will be invited to enjoy. The most
notable of these probably will be the
parade of the commanderies on Thurs
day afternoon.
For the first time in the history of the
Grand Commandery of California there
will be in attendance on the conclave
a grand master of the Grand Encamp
ment of the United States. This high
office Will be represented in the person
of Reuben H. Lloyd of San Francisco.
There will also be present Grand Com
mander Robert M. Powers of San
Diego, who will be escorted hither by
the Ijos Angeles Drill Corps, a crack
organization. The weather at this sea
son of the year is pleasant and the
parade on the miles of level bitumen
streets should prove a feature alike
agreeable to its hundreds of partici
pants and the thousands of spectators.
The banquet of the conclave will take
place at Turner Hall on Thursday even
ing, and it is hardly necessary to say
that there will be a brilliant gathering
and a regal feast. E. C. Atkinson of
Sacramento Commandery has been
chosen toastmaster.
On Saturday evening, April 22, will
occur the exhibition drill, to be partici
pated In by the Ladies' Drill Corps,
California Commandery Drill Corps and
a drill corps each from San Francisco,
San Jose and Los Angeles. Thousands
of tickets have been procured for this
exhibition drill, and the massive Ex
position building, where the event will
take place, will no doubt present as
Ray a spectacle as on one of the closing
nights of tho State Fair.
Eminent Commander E. W. Hale of
Sacramento Commandory has been
warmly praised for the thoroughness
with which he has superintended tho
work of preparation for the conclave.
| In this he has been heartily seconded
! by the members of his commandery,
who are bound that the visitors shall
return to their homes with agreeable
recollections of the capital city's famed
I hospitality. To this end nothing has
been overlooked, and frequent meetings
of the local Knights attest the inter
est taken in the important event.
There are in the Department of Cali
fornia fifteen commanderies of the
Knights Templar. From ten of these
will come 200 delegates and it is ex
pected that at least 200 moro will come
from the other five cnmmanrlerles In
this department and from the com
manderies in the southern part of th<>
State. Amnng these will be the Los
Angeles Drill Corps.
Commander Hale has received from
C. A. Swlsler, captain general of El
Dorado County Cnmmandery, notifica
tion that ~FA Dorado Commandery will
be represented by thirty-five members
and a brass hand.
EXCELLENT CATCH
BY A FISHERMAN
SAN QUENTTN, April 16.— While Gor
don Tichner was fishing off the wharf
at San Quentin to-day ho caught a speci
men of the finny tribe of which President
Jordan of Stanford University probably
will try hard to obtain possession. It
was a striped bass fourteen Inches lone
and weighed thirteen and a half pounds
When Tichner managed to land the figh
after a game struggle on the part of the
big fellow attached to his line he offered
to sell it for a dollar, but when apprised
of the value of his prize he refused to
part with it at any price and took it to
San Francisco on the next train. Strip, d
bass are very rare, and this one is the
first known to have been caught in the
waters of the bay. A few were placed
In San Pablo Bay pome time ago and
this specimen ia probably one of them.
FAMOUS LOST MINE
IS AGAIN LOCATED
Rich El Diente Claim Rediscovered
Through the Finding of a
Spanish Record.
$ AUSTIN, Tex., April 16.— The famous lost prold mine known as El #
♦ Diente, which produced over $2,00,000 worth of ore in the early part >
? of this century, has been rediscovered by C. W. Hess, a merchant of _^
O Boquillas, Tex. The old Spanish record of this mine was found in the o
♦ archives of the State of Coahuila, Mex., at Saltilo, by Mr. Hess recent- +
° ly, and it was by means of this muexas, a short distance south of Ma- +
O rion, on the Southern Pacific. Railrosty document that he located the o
+ mine in the Chihos Mountains of Tad. Indians massacred all the -♦■
? workmen at the mine In 1814, and although many expeditions searched O
o for it since then, none were successful. ♦
GAINS STRENGTH
YEAR BY YEAR
Growth of the Universal
Brotherhood.
GRATIFYING REPORTS MADE
LARGE NUMBER OF APPLICANTS
FOR MEMBERSHIP.
Katherine A. Tingley Tells the Con
gress of the Humanitarian
',/iTork Done at Santiago
de Cuba.
BY MRS. H. H. SOMERS.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, April 16.— The Saturday
on of the Universal Brotherhood
Congress being held on Point Loma was
called. to order by Chairman Harris.
After a rendition of classical music the
chairman called upon F. M. Pierce,
secretary general of the organization,
fur his annual report. He made an in
formal report, in which he brought to
the attention of the representatives
present a rough outline of the- matters
of importance coming within the circle
of his office during the past year. The
facts enumerated by him in his speech
were eloquent with. Hope and promise
Cor the speedy success and rapid de
velopment of the principles which the
congress is engaged in promulgating.
They showed that the organization had
made tremendous progress within the
year; that the number of lodges was
greatly in excess of the number a year
ago, .nnd that his office was receiving
a constant stream of applications for
membership. Mr. Pierces address was
received with enthusiasm, and was
greeted by round after round of ap
plause.
The chairman next called upon E. A.
Neresheimer, treasurer general of the
brotherhood, for his annual report. In
his capacity as treasurer general Mr.
Neresheimer made four reports, cover
ing, respectively, the finances of the
Universal Brotherhood, the Interna
tional Brotherhood League, the Theo
sophical Society in America and the
emergency fund. These reports showed
that the treasury had a balance on
hand and the receipts and disburse
ments had reached a much higher fig
ure than in any previous year.
The next report was by H. T. Pat
terson, superintendent of the Interna
tional Brotherhood League, which fur
nished a glowing description of the in
teresting work of the league during the
past year.
Chairman Harris introduced Mrs.
Elizabeth C. Mayer, superintendent of
the children's work through the world.
Mrs. Mayer gave a charming and
inspiring account of the work of her
department among the children in this
country, Europe and Australasia. She
gave an elaborate account of work
among the newsboys and bootblacks of
Toledo, 0., the children of the lotus
homes in New York and Buffalo and
the "Do-Oood" Mission of the East Side
of New York.
The next order of business was a re
port by F. M. Pierce, representative of
the School for the Revival of the Lost
Mvsterles of Antiquity, on the present
stains cf the school. Mr. Pierce made
a word picture of the scene stretching
out before his vision from the eminence
on Point Loma, on which he was stand
ing. Th> picture W" painted in living
color, and his application of it to the
purpose of the school was extremely
graphic. Mr. Pierce declared that the
temple to be erectefl on the point would
be an accomplished fact, when the light
and influence radiating and flowing
from its open portals would illumine
the night of ignorance and shed a hless
insr and a benediction on everything
within its reach.
The event of the session of yester
day's congress was an address by
KatheT 1 :e A. Tingley. in which she
gave the audience a clear, definite and
profound interpretation of the Greek
play "Eumenides," which is to be pre
sented to the members of the congress
and to the public generally on Monday
and Tuesday afternoons.
The leader then gave an extensive
and detailed account of the work which
she and her fellow crusaders had re
cently done in Santiago de Cuba. This
account was so vivid that the harrow
ing scenes and experiences through
which the crusaders had .recently
passed were made almost actual before
the .eyes of her hearers. She said the
destitution and suffering were pitiful,
and many of her audience shed tears
of sympathy. Immediately upon her
arrival there she commenced the hu
manitarian work of relieving the dis
trese and suffering, which labor of love
continued for a period of five weeks.
Mrs. Tingley declared that the most
distorted reports Rnd erroneous concep
tions in regard to the Cubans were
prevalent in the United States. She
says that they have some noble and
substantial qualities.
Another interesting fact in connec
tion with her trip to Cuba was the
planting of two liberty trees, one repre
senting Cuba and one the United
States. She referred to the grant of
thirteen acres of land by the Mayor of
Santiago to her for a site for an or
phanage. Mrs. Tingley announced that
she intended to erect the necessary
buildings as soon as she could com
mand the fime to attend to the matter.
Funeral of Lieutenant French.
HELENA, Mnnt., April 16.— The body
of Lieutenant Eugene S. French of Hel
ena, First Montana Infantry, who was
killed in action before Manila Febru
ary 15, was interred to-day with
military honors. Governor Smith and
staff, local military organisations
the regular troops at Fort Harrison
took part in th> j services, which wore
witnessed by 6000 people. Lieutenant
French organized Company L, the first
company to I"' mustered in the Mon
tana Regiment, which was the first of
the volunteers to enter the service in
Montana last year.
ELECTIONS IN SPAIN.
Many Persons Injured in IDisturb
ances and an Agent Killed.
MADRID. April 16.— The elections to tha
new Corteß passed off quietly In Madrid.
Some disturbances occurred at Bilbao,
and many persons wore injured at Va
lencia and at Cultar do Aza in Andalusia*
At Granada an election agent was mur
dered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"There Are No^irds
in Last Year's Nest"
So wrote Longfellow, and
in Spring days the birds are
getting new nests* Their
blood beats warm and hearty
in expectation, but how about
yours, my friend, is it warm
and hearty, vigorous and pure)
If not, turn at once to that
tried and true remedy, Hood's
Sarsaparilla,
The difference in a person's feelings
before and after using it is phenomenal.
Hood's never disappoints.
Salt Rheum— disappeared is
the report on the salt rheum that both-
ered my -wife for five or six years. It
itched intensely, but Hood's Sarsaparilla
cured it as it did my rheumatism."
JAMES HARDEN*. Rochester, Ind.
Nervous Prostration— "l was worn
out, had a poor armetite and nervous
prostration set in. I procured one bottle
of Hood's Sarsapanlia and relief came
very quickly. Two more bottles restored
me to health." E. J. MOORE, 311 Olive
street, St. Louis, Mo.
Hood's Fills cure liver Ills, the non-Irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, ,
I««<S\82l- I do not believe there
iK§JsrilP?P^ l! ? a c . aS( : °' drspep-
>p^S^K£y^j^ sia, indigestion or
fij^^^^^^^Hb any Btomach trouble
<C§r fgt that cannot be re-
W& -~»— .gJ%3F Heved at once and
Jtv *^I?^"t*S*l7 permanently cured
X. /ffjf by T my DYSPEPSIA
JW*^lf munyon.
At all druggists,
rftfM&tyJvs?z!ssfe 23c. a rial. Guide
' \rl •*° Health and medi-
\ 1 Y^ cal advice free. 1503
' Arch street, Phila.
1898--TAXES--1898
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Eetatß Taxes will be delinquent April 24. at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAY, April 15, positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco. April 6. 1599.
f^sg^gr - §<£ , MEYERS
Kct^sT *v^ CO
J?Sf diilMfKft SP ec M^ s for Men
lf|l j&gfft} '^g J> Tiitat pbyslcians have b«n '
\\ wli / \^< tracted ailmentf kiare IBSI.
1 V rSiCvOSiv^lSf 'Hnfortunate men who can.
! >vil^^^'?H^a'^ not call nhould write Jora*
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. ALT, FREE.
All letter, confidents. jj 0 Cha^for ConsilUtioT
701 MARKET ST., I_.
101 SAX FBANCISCO ( Elcvlt< "- Entrance.
NERVITA K ' JtOrM VITALITY
tiMi=n VUM LOST VIGOR.
AfJßt; o ■" AND MANHOOD
gr*jF \ Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Wtm&M cUseascs. all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
\|f *)T) indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
i *49r Brings (he pink glow to pale cheeks and rf
! fc/SSl^r stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
i sl6kj»L boxi 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
I "mT^W guarantee to cure or refund the money.
aercita medical Co., GHnton « lactaon its., CWttflO.
1 Owl Drug Co., Sole Agts.. 1128 Market. S. F.
Railway's
Pills
Purely vegetable,, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of nil disorders of the Stomach
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th«»
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggist*,
or by mall. RADWAX & CO.. New York.GERMAN VERSION OF THE
BOMBARDMENT AT APIA
It Is Claimed That Due Notice Was Not
Given by England and America, and
Many Were Taken by Surprise.
ENGLISH AND AMERICAN REPRESENTATIVES IN SAMOA |
WAPHI.VOTOX. April 16. — A
ndent in this city foi
.■'.mc Orman newspapei
has received an Interesting
private letter from Apia eon
nts there in March, as
■': • -.Tirt'ly from the German side
• f the question. The letter was writ
v a prominent German and is of
that it gives for the first
th< i;>-rman view of the stat-' of
ihings now existing In the Samoan
Is. The letter begins with a com
• • it i > regard whatever is shown
by the British and American forces to
ians. The bombardment
announced to begin on
Wednesday, March 14, at 1 p. m.. but
tice, says th<> letter, was given
..-rnians, and the German Consul
; waiting for the official communi.
n of the commencement of th>>
bombardment. The commander of the
i lonian warship Falke was notified by
: the Philadelphia only a
quarter of an hour before the fire had
tied.
The numerous whites living in the
vicinity of the town had no opportunity
to take any measures for their personal
y and were not aware of what was
going on until shrapruel explod'-d in
their neighborhood. It is due, contin
:••■ letter, only to a merciful Provi
. t no whites w».re killed or
In Vailele, a cocoa planta
belonging to the German Trade
and Plantation Company, on the after
of March lo six shells fell down
around the house. One strurk
through the roof of the veranda and
r-nt asuii . or just on the *j">t
; a minute before the
ter of the plantation had stood.
The same aftermwn three bombs
thrown upon the Vera Mountains,
south of Apia, where the French Mis
sion has ii school for native children,
one Bhell falling down close to the
house of the fathers and another ex
ploding in the immediate vicinity of the
'.f the sisters.
i in March 16 a shell tired frum the
Philadelphia exploded too Boon and a
nineteen-pound piece of it was thrown
into the building of the German con
sulate, wrecking a l>art of it. This
it is stated, taught the firing par
ties to use a lighted fuse with I
caution In the future.
i in March IS a part of the town and j
the grounds in the rear", the letter says,
searched by an Anglo-American
ng party, strengthened by about
a hundred "friendly" natives, under
the command of Captain Sturdee of j
the warship Porpoise. The expedition
landed in the Mataute quarter of the
town before the house of a wealthy
French merchant, and"-after a few aim
less volleys the Tanu men occupied the
house of the Frenchman and battered
down, under the eyes of the English
officers, doora and windows, and, the
MORGAN SAYS PARTITION
IS THE ONLY SOLUTION
NEW YORK, April 16.— The Washington corre
spondent of the Herald telegTaphs: Senator John T.
vi, leading mfmbpr of the Foreign Affairs Com
. ;tsked for an expression on the Samoan prob
:-aiil to-day:
"There is but one permanent solution of the Sa
moan question. That is the partition of the islands by
the throe great powers which have by common desire
Just formed a commission to reconcile the differences
between themselves and the native Samoans. The
United States, Great Britain and Germany will, in my
Judgment, act most wisely if they immediately pro
ceed to a settlement on the, natural theory that little
good will result from a temporizing policy toward
these warlike and bloodthirsty savages.
"Whatever sentiment we may entertain for the
rights «f Saraoans, arbitrary law of a nature which
prevents an assimilation of the people will
ever be an insurmountable barrier to peace prog
ress and civilization so long as Governmental control
is by the weaker class.
"The Samoan question, in view of the evident In
tentions of the United States, Great Britain and Ger
many, has its lessons In our own country in the sub
jugation of the African and the fate of the In
dian. The spread of the highest type of civilization
rapidly and ruthlessly encroaches upon barbarism, su
perstition and stupidity. These stubborn laws of na-
K*««-82^g3>83 ♦ 88 ♦ 83 ♦ 83 ♦ 88+83+&H83* 88+88*82-»-S3'*K«- 88 -
letter asserts, helped themselves freely
to the stores and whatever else they
could lay their hands on. The
grounds were searched, though In vain.
for Mataafa warriors. The letter fol
lows up this statement with a bitter
and sarcastic personal attack upon
("aptain Sturdee.
It proceeds then to enumerate the
reasons that led to the establishment
of the provisional government, which,
it is said, was to remain in existence
until an agreement with the signatory
powers regarding the future form of
the political conditions of Samoa had
brought about. The letter con
tinues:
"In thf> meanwhile the provisional
government, under the able leadership
of Mutaafa, had maintained such order
and security as under no former Gov
ernment. Everybody felt secure of his
life and property, the copra production
in the country commenced again and
there were signs of prosperous times
coming back to the white traders. No
body who represented material inter
ests wanted a change of the existing
conditions, the British Consul and his
aid, Captain Sturdee, of course, except
ed, who in order to give vent to their
dissatisfaction and to demonstrate the
alleged insecurity maintained • strong
guard in the British Consulate and did
not give shore leave to the crews of
the warships, not to speak of other
ridiculous measures.
•< in March 6 the Philadelphia, under
Admiral Kautz, arrived here, when the
fate of the provisional government was
1. Admiral Kautz did not see fit to
try to get a just picture of the Samoan
situation by extending his inquiries as
far as possible. Chief Justice Cham
bers, who through his partial judgment
is responsible for the present trouble;
the English Con .ul, Maxse. and Cap
tain Sturdee were hi.' crown wit
nesses. The great many Germans well
informed on the conditions of the coun
try, and more particularly the German
Consul General, from the beginning
were not considered. The American
Consul did not deem it worth while to
give the matter a serious thought, and
complacently acquiesced in the propos
als of Maxse and Sturdee. On March
11 a conference of the three Consuls
with the Admiral took place on board
the Philadelphia, when the German
Consul protested with due energy
against the plan of the admiral to ex
pei and completely dissolve the provis
ional government, and use to this
end the whole force of the men-of-war.
In vain the German representative ex
plained to him that the country was In
a condition of perfect tranquillity and
that there was no reason why they
should not quietly wait for the decision
of the treaty powers.
"On March 12 Admiral Kautz Issued
his proclamation, and did not state in
the same the text that all Consuls were
ture cannot be changed, and it is better that they be
recognized at the outset of the work that is before the
Samoan commission and that the instructions to the
representatives of the three nations be given accord
ingly.
"In the pending diplomacy on this question the Uni
ted States with grace and fairness can take the ini
tiative, as she did several "years ago in the treaty ar
ranged with Malietoa. England and Germany then
lost no time in following our example and in securing
the same recognition accorded to us. The immediate
purpose of these three nations is to secure perma
nent coaling stations upon the island. Once estab
lished, however, these stations cannot be peaceably
maintained under the existing conditions of the na
tives. Until completely subiected to the control of
the whites, these savages will be a constant menace,
and bloodshed will follow.
"I am thoroughly impressed with the importance
of partition, as I believe that an immediate division
of the islands will bring about a speedy solution of
the trouble that may terminate gradually with the
practical extermination of the Samoan race. The
United States should have a coaling station at Pago
Pago. And then with the long desired cable in the Pa
cific reaching to Honolulu and Sydney, giving com
munication with the home Governments, there will be
little to interfere with the spread of civilization on the
Samoan Islands."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
agreed as to the proceeding against the
provisional government.
"Tho (It'rman representative, firmly
resolved not to have the German war
ship Falkc participate in the impending
butchery, issued his counter proclama
tion. The Mataafa men were not al
lowed the least time for consideration.
They evacuated Mulinuu. the seat of
the provisional government, on Mon
day, March 3, but were already fired
upon when they, on Wednesday, had
not yet left the territory of the mu
nicipality. In order to frighten the Ma
taafa men still more, all the Tanu men,
though very little Inclined to fight
against thi-ir own people, were armed
by the Knglish with rifles and pk-ntv
of ammunition.
"Among the victims of the present
fighting- are also five brave marines,
and it is a pity to s that, if not all.
yet most of them have lost their lives
through the dullness of their own com
rades. That such things may happen
is only too easily explained. Officers
and crews, in consequence of the con
tinued guard and patrol service, are
over-exercised and nervous and lose the
rest necessary for the handling of flre-
arms. If a leaf rustled in the night, if
an animal moves, immediately the guns
and arms are fired; in short, there is an
incredible waste of ammunition.
"Of course, as was to be expected,
the anti-Ge. -an element In Samoa is
already now eagerly at work to make
the German Consul responsible for
everything, on the ground that he. by
refusing to participate In the proceed
ings of the Americans and English, en
couraged the Mutaafa men to resist
ance. This charge is easily refuted. A
procedure of such brutality as that at
present being enacted against Mataafa
is contrary to all laws of humanity and
civilization, and ought to have been
rejected at the start by the unanimous
vote of all the Consuls.
"How the tragedy of Mataafa and his
follower . will end is not difficult to pre
dict. If the Governments of England
and America do not put in time a stop
to the action of their representatives
here they will have on their hands the
blood of a good-hearted people driven
to death and destruction in maintain
ing its ancient laws and customs."
GERMANY'S SAMOAN
FORCE TO BE INCREASED
BERLIN, April 16.— The protected
cruiser Cormoran, according to reliable
information obtained by the Associated
Press, is just now the only German
vessel on her way to strengthen the
German force at Apia, Samoan Islands.
The gunboat Moewe has arrived at
Matupl, New Britain, off the coast of
Kaiser Wilhelmsland, the German pro
tectorate In Southeast Papua, from
which point she may be ordered to
Apia speedily if the situation should
demand.
Both the Cormoran and the Moewe
are much smaller than the cruiser Her
tha, which is now on the way to Asian
waters, where on her arrival the total
German squadror will have a displace
ment of 40,000 tons and an equipment of
3400 men.
The protected cruiser Geier. 1776 tons
displacement, is now beginning a cruise
alon^ the Pacific coast of the United
States.
GERMANS IN SAMOA
TRIABLE BY GERMAN COURTS
BERLIN, April 17.— 1t is asserted
that Great Britain has officially admit
ted tliat Germans in Samoa are only
triable by the German courts, and that
therefore orders were. ~rnt from Lon
don to have Captain Huffnagle. man
ager of the German plantation at Vail
ele, where the fatal ambush was de
vised, handed over to the German
authorities, the commander of the Brit
ish cruiser Tauranga transferring him
to the commander of the German
cruiser Falke.
MATAAFA RETREATED
TO HILLS FOR SAFETY
NEW YORK, April 16.— A cable to
the Sun from Berlin says: Advices
have been received from Auckland, New-
Zealand, showing the ambuscade of the
Americans and British by Mataafans
on April 1 near Apia, Samoa, was not
en the German Vailele plantation, but
In the neighborhood of Falchima, th;ee
kilometers to the southward, near the
old crater of Apia Hill, where Robert
Louis Stevenson is buried.
It is stated Mataafa retreated after
the affair to the hills beyond Falchima,
nnd thence to Tuanga Fai, where h<? i.s
from the guns of the warships.
CHINESE ARE SCAVENGERS
OF THE FILIPINO WAR
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, March 19.— War has be
come bo commonplace an experience to
I Manila that the average citizen no
! longer thinks of becoming excited over
it. Every night some point of the hori
zon is crimsoned by the reflection from
burning huts kindled by the soldiers to
deprive the insurgents of hiding places.
.t/very night's quiet is shaken by the
liring from the line encompassing the
city. Every morning brings its pitiful
little consignment of uncomplaining
wounded to the hospital.
Manila forms an American oasis in
the island of Luzon. Around the city
stretches a thin line fifteen miles long
of entrenched soldiers.
The Filipino goes into the field unen
cumbered with useless baggage. Fol
lowing the course of their retreat be
yond Guadaloupe Church went the sou
venir enthusiasts who hang about the
American army, but they found noth
ing more than a few tin conking uten
sils and empty cartridge shells, whose
pattern prove that the insurgents have
the very latest style of rifles. Trousers
or underwear, a shirt worn outside
them, a straw hat, cartridge belt and
| rifle, a section of bamboo stalk filled
! with rice, a handful of green peppers
tied in a handkerchief, sometimes san
dals—these form the equipment of a
Filipino soldier.
No finer country for defensive fight
ing and no more embarrassine for of
fensive operations than the land around
Paslg Lake could be Imagined.
The Chinese are the scavengers of the
war. Like vultures, they hover in the
wake of the army, docking down upon
the ashes of every hut and the ruins of
churches to dig out stuff that no white
man could possibly use. Being beyond
suspicion of any interest in the hostili
ties save gain, they are admitted to
the camps and employed as servants.
Some of them peddle water and cigar
ettes on the line. One more daring than
most crept about the trenches of the
Kansana under a hot lire- and did a
good trade. When competitors ap
peart d he hastened to point out to them
the spot where a soldier had been
wounded, seemingly impressing on
them the dangers of their position, for
they ran away.
The forces of destruction are concen
trated upon the churches. They are
all solid buildings, of stone, so the na
tives use them as forts. Some church
has served as the keystone of nearly
every Filipino defense, and the Ameri
can artillery is compelled to batter
them. Caloocan church is a picture of
the havoc of war. There General Mac-
Jfrthur has his headquarters. The roof,
a sky-blue fresco studded with eilt
stars, has jagged holes where shells
from Dewey's ships came through.
Within the chancel rail is the office of
the staff and the pulpits are used for
desks. The rail holds a string of sad
dles, a telephone hangs beside the
st;itue of a saint, while the telegraph
clicks incessantly in an alcove. Cots
and hammocks fill the body of the
church, where soldiers are sprawled out
smoking and reading when off duty.
A hospital occupies a chapel in a cor
ner. The soldiers do not lack rever
ence, but everything must bend before
their work.
General Otis has put a stop t^ the
plans of officers who wanted to brine
their wives and families to Manila. He
said: "This is not a picnic nor a G. A.
R. encamnment. This is war."
Wheelman Seriously Injured.
NAPA. April 16.— George Jackey, while
rldfrfe a bicycle this afternoon, collided
with a team on Main street, receiving
serious and possibly fatal injuries.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We fit
your^
eyes!
Fit them as they should be fitted. Our
optical department Is In charge of an ex-
pert optician. If you are troubled with
defective vision arising from any cause
come and see us and we will examine your
eyes free of all charge. We can save you
as much money on your oculist's pre-
scription as we, do on your doctor's pre-
scription. If your glasses don't fit your
nose, bring them In, we'll adjust them—
won't cost you a cent.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
Photo Supplies.
A full line of cameras and photo sup-
plies always on hand. Cameras from
$2.25 upward.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
NOH)RUG G>
L V^949-951 MARKfrSI
■ x M *-— ' next to. haul bros —
RALEIGH AND MANILA
HEROES GET OVATION
NEW YORK, April 16.— The celebra
tion attending the return of the United
States cruiser Raleigh from Manila,
which had to be postponed yesterday
owing to the warship's late arrival, oc
curred to-day. The Raleigh, accompa
nied by two small war vessels cap
tured from the Spaniards last summer
and a fleet of about twenty-five excur
sion steamers and tugboats, , paraded
from Tompkinsville to Grant's tomb,
and from there back to anchorage in
the North River off Thirty-fourth
street.
A. steady downpour of rain fell from
noon on. The air was raw and the offi
cers and men of the Raleigh stood upon
the decks three hours, drenched to the
skin and shivering: with cold. There were
very few people along the river front in
the lower part of the city, owing partly
to the fact that the entrances to the piers
are closed on Sundays. But great crowds
assembled in Riverside Park, overlook
ing the Hudson, and men, women and
children stood there for hours under um
brellas watching the vessels on their way
up the river and return. By far the
greatest gathering of people was in the
vicinity of Grant's tomb, which was the
turning point of the parade. A 'national
salute was fired there by the Raleigh and
also by. the captured Spanish prizes, and
the scene was rendered a memorable one
by the shrieking' of a hundred steam
whistles from excursion boats and lo
comotives and cheers from thousands of
people on shore and on vessels in the
river.
The Raleigh lay at anchor off Tomp
kinsville all the morning. About 10
o'clock several excursion steamers arriv
ed from the city, ran alongside of her
and cheered her time and again. Mrs.
Coghlan, the wife of the commander of
the cruiser, arrived a. Tompkinsville at
about 9:30 o'clock. She took a small boat
and went out to the Raleigh and welcom
ed her husband. Captain Coghlan was
apprised early of the intentions of the
reception committee to visit the Raleigh
and accompany her on the parade. He
had his crew give her hull a fresh coat
of paint, and all the officers prepared for
the occasion by putting on full dress.
Rain commenced to fall soon after 10
o'clock, and an hour later the decks were
flooded and every one- on the Raleigh was
seeking shelter. Boats of every descrip
tion continued to arrive from the city,
nnd each one ran ud as close to the
Raleigh as possible and cheered for her.
The two captured gunboats, the Alvarado
and Sandoval, arrived from the navy
yard early, both dressed gaily with flags
and bunting, and they created almost us
much enthusiasm as the Raleigh her
self.
About 11 o'clock the large steamer Glen
Island arrived, carrying the citizens' re
ception committee, headed by Mayor Van
Wyck, and also having on board a num
ber of invited guests. A delegation from
the committee, numbering not more than
a score, went aboard the Raleigh. All
hands on the cruiser were called to quar
ters, and Mayor Van Wyck and the other
eommitteemen were received with naVal
formality. Captain Coghlan stood at the
gangway and received the visitors and
escorted them immediately to his cabin.
The ceremony was very brief, consuming
not more than five minutes. The Mayor,
in a few words, welcomed the Raleigh to
New York, and extended the freedom of
the city to the officers and men. Captain
Coghlan replied briefly. There was no in
spection of the vessel; in fact, that would
have been almost impossible in the
drenching rain that was falling. The com
mittee returned to the Glen Island at
once, and as Mayor Van Wyck left the
side of the Raleigh he received a salute of
fifteen guns. The Raleigh was headed
down the stream at the time and when
she raised her anchor and swung around
slowly, the whistles on all the craft near
her shrieked a salute, and the people on
-...i .- ...
YIELDS HER LIFE
TO SAVE A BABE
A Sacramento Woman
Burned to Death.
CHILD OVERTURNS A LAMP
THE BLAZING OIL IGNITES ITS
CLOTHING.
Eighty-Year-Old Grandmother of the
Little One Perishes in an At
tempt to Extinguish the
the Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— The heroic
spectacle of a woman 80 years old sur
rendering her life in the hope of pro
tecting the life of her infant grand
daughter was presented in this city
this evening Mrs. Christian Miller of
3008 F street had gone to the evening
service at church, leaving her one-year
old daughter in the care of Mrs. Cath
erine Woods, the grandmother, 80 years
of age. The child was seated in a
high chair near the table, upon which
burned a reading lamp. The aged
woman engaged herself in reading
while the child prattled away.
The little one was playful, and, seiz
ing the tablecloth, gave it a jerk. The
force was not great, but it was suffi
cient to dislodge the lamp. The next
instant the clothes of the baby were
ablaze. Terrified, and yet with some
presence of mind, the 80-year-old grand
mother righted the lamp and seized the
child in her arms. Out erf the house she
ran with the screaming infant, pressing
it to her bosom in an effort to smother
the flames that were consuming its
clothes and scorching its tender flesh.
Once in the garden Mrs. Woods rolled
the child in the grass, he-ping to put
out the fire, and succeeding measur
ably. Meantime the flames were en
compassing the little home; and mean
while also the fire which had caught
from the child's clothnig was bent upon
the destruction of her own life. Neigh
bors saw the old woman, her clothing
aflame, run toward the burning house.
Ten minutes afterward her blackened
body was found just outside the door
way. Every vestige of clothing had
been burned away. When Mrs. Miller
returned from church she found her
home sadly damaged by fire, her mother
dead and her child frightfully burned,
though still alive.
VIOLA HORLOCKER
BACK AT HASTINGS
Returns to Face Charge
of Poisoning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HASTINGS. Neb., April 16.— Miss
the excursion steamers cheered and
waved handkerchiefs and flags. The Glen
Island led the- procession, the Raleigh fol
lowing just astern. The Alvarado and
Sandoval took positions off either bow of
the cruiser, and police boats. tugs and
excursion boats followed in a double col
umn. There was no special demonstra
tion until Governors Island whs passed,
when a national salute was fired. About
this point the coast survey steamer
Pathfinder, with Assistant Secretary of
the Navy Allen aboard, joined the pro
cession, following just in the wake of the
Raleigh.
From the time the Raleigh loft the Bat
tery until she reached Grant's tomb, her
whistle and fog siren were blowing al
most constantly in response to salutes
from vessels lying at their docks or mov
ing up and down the river. The ferry
boats were crowded with people cheering
and waving handkerchiefs, and several
of the boats ran alongside the Raleigh for
a short distance. Captain Coghlan was
on the bridge nearly all the way up thr>
river with the executive and navigating
officers. All were bundled up in rain
coats and received the force of the storm
in their faces. The captain was obliged
to bare his head to the rain a greater
part of the time in waving his cap in re
sponse to the salutes and cheers of pass
ing vessels.
The officers paid little attention to the
storm and waved their caps constantly,
not appearing to mind the soaking which
their dress uniforms, and their bodies as
well, received. As for the sailors, they
never thought of shelter at all. A few
were clad in oilskins, but most of them
stood on the exposed forecastle, with
nothing but their blue jackets covering
their shoulders, and most of the time with
their hats flying in the air. Officers and
men alike expressed the greatest surprise
at the demonstration. Many of them
were heard to make remarks' to the ef
fect that the battle of Manila hay was
fought so long ago that they had almost
forgotten it.
Viola Horlocker returned to Hastings
to-night in company with her mother
and friends and will face the charges
of having attempted to kill Mrs. C. F.
Morey by sending her a box of bon
bons containing arsenic. The accused,
in company with her attorneys, will
go before the County Court to-morrow,
when the Sheriff will place her under
arrest. She will furnish the necessary
bond for her preliminary hearing and
will then return to her home.
The case will be pushed. Miss Hor- '
locker has been in safe hands during
her absence and a close watch has been
kept over her to prevent her committing !
suicide. It has just developed that |
Miss Horlocker contemplated resigning j
her position as stenographer with Tib- '
betts & Morey, as she was desirous of
securing the position of music teacher
In the Hastings public schools, intend
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Resporjsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers. BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION*
IN CORItBBfONDINO WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS FLEASB MENTION "THE CALL.""
BELTING.
LP HFfiFN Manufacturer or neltlniynnd
L-. r. VLUL.H, Laco Leather. 105- Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Cffioe and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main SMS.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
£42 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
mrr Pi HI! ■ I Corner Fourth and
CAFE NII I A I "special Brew
I 1 H I I H L steam and L »Ker.
Will L. lIVJIIIL-sc Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Bupt. H. BLTTH. Mjtr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat ;
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 |
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. j
DENTISTS.
Mr W TlErif FD— Bn6 Market, rms. «to 10.
lift- V VI; llLtlVLtt Colton gas for painless
extraction of teeth a specialty.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE-. * .
REDINGTON & CO. Secondand Steven.
fiLUlnlUl Un o£i UUi son Sts. Tel. Vain 4
jgrfgSv raOToatATßio Qg■KM fi B B ff&
9jgj)S| VITALiS
THE NEW
istn.r. f*M^J&*> • \l^fk CDC M Oil
wt«r ioth D» . ■^•••^•b, :% rnbllunii
yitaljs »»»p»i. x M Dcucny
PRODI (Eh THE ABOVE 30th Day. II CRI3- U 111
KK!>ILTS. It quickly 4 sorely removes I m potency, I
Nightly Emissions, Eril Dream* Wutin; Diaeuet and all effects I
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality, I
Power and Failing Memory. W»rd» off Insanity »nd Consump- I
tion. Cares when all others fall. Insist on harine VITAI.IS,
no other. Can be carried In th« vest pocket. By mail tI.OO
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
'AI.VMKT C t:KK CO., 884 Dearborn St., CUeas*
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
While the rain had not abated in tho
hast when the Raloigh and her escorts
reached the southern end of Riverside
Park the enthusiasm, instead of falling
off. increased, both on the vessels and on
the shore. The boulevards and paths in
th<- park wore crowded by the people who
had been waiting an hour or more. Two
of her batteries fired a salute near this
point: the people along the shore in boats
and small launches tired off cannon crack
ers revolvers and guns, while half a
dozen locomotives on the tracks along the
river added to the deafening noise by
blowing their whistles all the time the
Raleigh was passing.
Just before arriving almost off Grant's
tomb the cruiser slowed down prepara
tory to turning, and while the cheering
and whistle-blowing and other noises
were at their height, two six-pounders on
the Raleigh commenced their salute of
twenty-one guns. The last shot had
hardly died away when the Alvarado and
Sandoval opened with their national sa
in to and a battery on shore joined in the
tribute to General Grant. When the sa
lutes wore concluded tho Raleigh turned
slowly and headed down the river, her es
corta turning at the same time. The run
back to anchorage off Thirty-fourth
street was made slowly and the same en
thusiasm waa displayed as on the run
up the river.
When the Raleigrh finally anchored she
was surrounded by a fleet of excursion
boats, and as fast as they could reach
her gangway the people aboard them
climbed on the cruiser and extended a
personal welcome to the officers and
men. The crew took groat pride in show
ing visitors over the ship and particular
ly in pointing out the five-inch gun
which fired the first shot in,, the battle
of Manila Bay. Many relatives and per
sonal friends of tho officers and men
went aboard as soon as they could reach
the side of the vessel, and the day's cele
bration concluded with these general and
individual receptions.
ing to go East to take a course In mu
sical training to especially fit her for
the position.
Analysis of the poisoned candy here
Bhowe that each bon-bon contained
four grains of arsenic. The State chem
ist at Lincoln is also at work on the
stuff and his report is anxiously
awaited.
Mrs. Morey and Mrs. Gaslin, who ate
of the candy, are out of danger.
DEATH COMES SUDDENLY.
Mother of the Duke of Marlborough.
Passes Away.
LONDON. April 16.-Lady Frances Ann
Emily. Duchess of Marlborough. daughter
of the third Marquis of Londonderry and
widow of the seventh Duke of Marl
borough, died suddenly to-day of bron
chial catarrh at the residence of her
daughter. Lady Anne Emily, Duchess of
widow of the seventh Duke
of Roxburghe.
\y: FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS ROYF? Shipping Butchers. IMC. m
JA3- BUI £3, Clay. Tel. Mala l»i.S Ul,
HARDWARE
OALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
■^ era In hardware, 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedle*. Proos..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De.
acrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
LIQUORS. ~*
GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ; cm, $8 00
0. P. 8. PONT, do $2.53; ease $10.00
L. CAHEN & SON, 418 Sacramento St., 8. T.
"NO BETTER ON EARTH" I«SL,!K.
Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO., 13 Front st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
lIILLHiTILI I L 722 Montgomery Straat.
PRINTINO.
EC HUGHES, wt PRINTER.
• W- ilUUllL^, mi Pnnsom- «tre«t.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T «£*ra. ph ' C PARTRIDGE ZSE^.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., S"^..
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Fcrv -.* Agents and Public Weigher*. C -
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. Cas-
ual office. 110 California st. Tel. Mala 1914.
— WATCHES. ETC.
TI UNnV *»*a - j<iuartera lor line Jewelry and
• LUniJlt .*-k. Weddlne Rlnirs. ♦HA at.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
la the Best Coal In the Market.
Otic* and Yards— Main StrNt
oodooooooooooooooo
§"•? PALACE '"ft
tGRANDtiSIMkM*
!l SAN' FRANCISCO. V
™ Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Room-- 900 wi h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. Q
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. per day and upward O
-. American Plan. OO per day And upward ~
" Correspondence Solicited. 9
0 JOHN 0. SIREFAT2UOK, M*a» «r. O
00000 o o 000000 00000
34
MONDAY > APRIL 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S.-LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE . Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOA\S 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), on* year fO.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 8 months 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 650
■ DAT CALL One Year 1.00
WBEKLT CALL. One Year « 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive •übscrlptlon*.
Sample copies will be. forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE.:: Marquette Building
C. GEORGL KKOGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
epen until 9:30 o'clock;- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:50
c clock 6!5 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IP4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £29' Market ,
itreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518 ;
Mission ttrsst, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh) ;
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open '
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second on« '
KMitu&lty street*, open until 9 o'clock. .
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Rob Rojr."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House — "Ermtnie."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Bad Ixit."
Tlvoll— "The Little Trooper."
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
Mid evening.
Olympia— Corner Ma?on and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures.
Grand Opera House— Saver liecltals. Wednesday afternoon,
April 19.
Grand Opera House— RosenthaJ. Tuesday afternoon. April .26.
Sherman-Clay Hall — lan Maclaren, Friday afternoon.
April 21.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
G!en Park— Mission Zoo.
El Cair.po— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day, at 2 and S p. m.. at 39
Geary st., Chinese and Japanese goods.
By A. W. Louderback This day, at 10:30 a. m. and 2:SO p.
m., at 125 Geary Ft., Ruga.
EVERYTHING ROSY AGfllN.
AS was foresha 1 this column a week ago,
the break in the industrials during the first days
the month has resulted in a better market in
1 financial thunderstorms, like their
re excellent clearers of vitiated
here?. It was supposed that the reaction
would be in the railroad shares, but to the surprise of
the street the industrials themselves showed the most
rebound. They are again in favor, though speculation
i.- characterized by more conservatism, and the mar
- therefore on a better basi<.
The slump in the industrials did not affect general
the least. Even in the midst of the
storm, when Wall street was in an uproar and quota
\ ere dropping on all side?, the business of the
country, as shown by the bank clearings, was 59.7 per
cent better than for the same week in 1898, while this
the clearings soared up to 95.4 per cent, show
t the enormous expansion of American trade
ng merrily on. Pittsburg shows the greatest
se — 1 16.5 per cent — indicating that the iron and
:des are as lively as ever. The best report of
ck, however, is in wool. This staple is appar
ently awakening from its long sleep. Indeed, sales
;;re the heaviest for many years at this season, those
for the week being 6.792,000 pounds in the three mar
-35,000 pounds for the same week in
The woolen mills have begun to purchase
large sales have been made for re-export,
chiefly Australian grades on English account. The
New York dry goods market is reported quieter on
ot, though large fall orders are being received.
Boots and shoes arc firm and in good demand at
the advance made some time ago. The lumber mar
ket continues firm and active. The cotton industry is
I in satisfactory condition, the demand being
good. Railway earnings show no decrease, and, in
fact, wherever we look, tve find a greater expansion in
general business than has ever before been experi
enced in this country. The failures for the week were
gainst _'54 for the corresponding week in 1808.
The money market is decidedly easier, and this in the
face of about $50,000,000 paid into syndicates in four
payments. Evidently \\c are as flush of cash as ever.
The only stringency noticeable is in call loans.
There is only one adverse feature to the situation,
and that is the le>.~ favorable appearance of the wheat
hich turns out to have been considerably dam
aged by the February freeze, which killed so many
fruit trees, throughout the Eastern, Western and
Southern States. For some time rumors to this ef
fect have been persistent, but the sanguine American
temperament is prone to look askance at adverse re
-1 orts of anything, and it needed the confirmation of
the Government report to satisfy the doubting
Thomases of the wheat trade. Under this confirma
tory report of the Government the market hardened,
though the appreciation was slight and was followed
by a reaction.
The local wheat market, as far as actual grain on
the spot was concerned, did not respond to the East
ern advance, though futures improved. The outlook
for the crop in California is excellent, though some
sections will need a little more rain to properly fill
out the heads. With no more rain a fine hay crop is
ally assured.
It is yet too early to definitely estimate the coming
fruit crop of the State, but it will hardly be as enor
ls enthusiasts predicted a month ago. Peaches
promise the best at the moment, and they will be
needed, as the Eastern crop was destroyed by the
February freeze. More or less drop is reported in the
other kinds, owing to the strain on the trees last year
when the ground W as dry. All fruits blossomed
heavily this spring, but the fruit failed to set as freely
h^ expected. With the exception of apricots, how
ever, there will probably be enough fruit to go
around, though prices may be somewhat higher than
ral trade is still good, and no complaints are
■ : in any quarter. We are remarkably free from
res, and the merchants report collections fully up
le average at this time of the year. Leniency in
credits is marked, whereas at this time last year there
vns an equally pronounced tendency to keep them
pretty closely pared. But there is a good deal of dif
ference between the prospects now and at this time
last year.
The fact that a Corrigan horse won a Corrigan
derby should not occasion any surprise. One has
only to remember that Corrigan— but what's the use?
THE RESULT OF THE DINNERS.
WHAT was revealed by indirection and some
what indistinctly by the Jefferson banquets at
Milwaukee and at the .Metropolitan Opera
House in New York, has been made clear by the
"dollar dinner" at the Grand. Central Palace in the
latter city on Saturday evening. Colonel Bryan re
mains the leader of the Democratic party. There may
be plots against him among the Eastern bosses who
despair of carrying their States for free silver, but
the rank and file of Democracy is with him, and his
hold upon the discontented classes is apparently as
;trong to-day as it was in 1896.
The situation is not easy to understand. Bryanism
was defeated by an overwhelming majority at the
polls in 1896 and again in the Congressional elections
of 180 S. Under that banner Democracy has met
nothing but disaster, and is now weaker and more
demoralized than ever before in the history of the
country. Western States that were for free silver in
'96 gave Republican majorities last year, and even in
the South the tone of the more influential papers has
been adverse to a continuance of the Chicago policy.
Yet in the face of all these evidences of public re
pudiation, when the Democratic leaders of the West
and of the East meet to honor the memory of the
founder of their party, Bryan is the only man among
them who is anywhere greeted as a national leader.
It is probable Bryan's hold on the rank and file
of his party is due mainly to the courage with which
he stands by his convictions and his uncompromising
adherence to the Chicago platform. Force of char
acter, decision and resolution hardly ever fail to win
when combated only by weakness, doubt and hesita
tii n. The Democratic masses must have a leader and
a party cry. The conservative dignitaries furnish
neither. Bryan comes forward, takes the leader's
place and formulates a policy. Is it any wonder the
masses follow him, leaving the timid conservatives
chattering in the rear?
As a net result of the expressions of Democratic
sentiment at the banquets we may conclude that un
less the unexpected happens the campaign of next
year will be on the part of the Democrats an attempt
to array the West and the South against the East,
the poor against the rich, the discontented against the
prosperous and the lawless against the law. The de
mand for free silver is but a part of the cry that the
people are being crushed by the money power, that
liberty is being stifled by monopoly, and that pros
perity and wealth are synonymous with dishonesty
and corruption.
Such is the sum of the expressions of the ten
dollar banquet at the Metropolitan Opera House
as well as of the dollar dinner at the Grand
Central Palace. Colonel Bryan has captured New
York and reasserted his supremacy in his party.
When at the latter feast John Clark Ridpath
spoke of Thomas Jefferson as "the most in
tellectual Democrat that ever lived," a hundred voices
shouted, "No, no; Bryan. Bryan." There is a fanatic
real in the crusade of the silverites which must run
its course, and fortunately the stability of American
common-sense is sufficient to prevent it from being
any serious danger to the republic. It has been
beaten twice, and in 1000. like the fanatic dervishes at
Omdurman, will be wiped of? the earth.
THE SAMOON COMMISSION.
GERMANY has won what may be called the
first trick in the game of diplomacy to be played
out with the Samoan Islands as stakes. She de
manded that the commission representing the three
powers should have no authority to act unless unani
mous, and the demand has been conceded by the
United States and Great Britain.
As the British Government for some time opposed
the requirement for unanimity, the concession of the
point constitutes what is noted as the German victory,
and the political opponents of the Salisbury adminis
tration are making party capital out of it by denounc
ing the concession as a surrender of British interests.
The Germans, on the other hand, are well pleased
with the firmness of their Government, while we are
not much affected one way or the other.
It is fortunate the United States were in a position
and in a mood to act impartially on the issue. Ger
many certainly was fully justified in demanding unan
imity, for it is well known the Americans and the
British in the Samoan Islands have long since pooled
their interests and have for years been acting almost
as a unit. For the Germans to have entered into a
council of three and permitted a majority to rule on
all issues would under such circumstances have been
virtually giving up the game. It is very sure at the
start that Great Britain and America will vote on
the same side on almost every point that comes up,
and the Germans would be at a serious disadvantage
but for the unanimity rule.
There is, however, considerable force in the British
objection to the German plan. It may lead to the
defeat of the object for which the commission has
been appointed. Either power under the unanimity
rule can block the game, and the settlement of the
Samoan disturbances may be indefinitely postponed.
America's prompt consent to the Berlin proposi
tion, however, left Salisbury in a position it was
diplomatically impossible to maintain. Since the
United States and Germany, a majority of the parties
to the controversy, agreed upon the plan, he couid
not oppose them without opposing his own proposal
that the majority should rule. There was nothing to
do but to give in. and it is an evidence of good sense
on his part that he made the concession promptly.
Thus far everything has gone well enough with the
commission, but it remains to be seen on how many
points they can unanimously agree. This Samoan
business is one of the comic operas in which you
never know what is going to happen next
MILITARY CONCILIATION.
OUR invitations to the Filipinos and our treat
ment of them correspond as imperfectly as our
theories and our practices at home. Concilia
tion was the announced leaven of President McKin
ley's policy, and our method of conciliating them is by
sending them on the rifle route to the home of eternal
peace. Barbarities have been described in letters
from soldiers that ought to fill the American heart
with indignation. Accounts of massacres from au
thentic sources have depicted scenes that equal in
ferocity any incidents in Persian or Roman history,
in the Spanish invasion of the Netherlands or in the
Indian wars of the eighteenth and nineteenth cen
turies.
Except to the blatant expansionists the attempt to
treat the Filipinos as rebels or insurgents and their
native land as a purchase from Spain is revolting.
But wholesale murder and cruelty degrade us to the
level of savages. Tn The Call of Saturday a revelation
was made which, if not derived from a reliable source,
would have been incredible. A corporal, we regret
to say among the California Volunteers, having been
specially commended for his bravery, in the unre
strained freedom of a private letter writes from
Manila as follows:
"We sleep all day here, as we do duty all night
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
walking the streets. We make every one get into his
house by 7p. m., and we only tell a man once. If he
refuses we shoot him. We killed over 300 men the
first night. They tried to set the town on fire. If
they fire a shot from a house we burn the house down
and every house near it and shoot the natives, so they
are pretty quiet in town now."
This is the matter-of-fact report of a young Ameri
can citizen, written in apparently stolid unconscious
ness that to kill a man for once refusing to retire to
his own house or to commit arson and homicide by
the wholesale as a punishment for individual acts is
in any way inconsistent with the principles of his
Government or the proprieties of American civiliza
tion. If an army were to be trained abroad to destroy
our liberties at home, no more effective system could
be adopted. The quietude of the grave is as com
plete in San Francisco as in the capital of the island
of Luzon.
Samson revenged himself upon the Philistines by
tying 300 foxes tail to tail, with firebrands between
them, and then turning them loose. If the 300 Fili
pinos had been tied back to back, with lighted tapers
between them and then driven through the streets of
Manila, the butchery would have been equally satis
factory, their sufferings more agonizing and the
destruction of property more ruinous. The Apaches
used to mutilate our citizens in Arizona and in New
Mexico. If we have adopted them as models we
ought to perfect our imitations, and, with our
superior intelligence, we could soon invent and em
ploy original forms of refined cruelty.
When the Civil War was raging, President Lincoln, j
under instructions from Congress, had Washington's !
farewell address read at every military post a"nd at j
the head of every regiment in the country. After the j
nightly carnival of blood and the manifestations of
American despotism which this young corporal de
scribes, the patriotic literature of his native land
would be hardly tolerated and much less appreciated, j
The Call hopes that the attention of the adminis
tration may be attracted by the^e reports from the
Philippines, which are becoming more and more
numerous, and that executive authority and drum
head courts-martial may relieve the situation that is
fast exceeding possible toleration and injuring the
United States in the estimation of Christendom.
SOME MASSACHUSETTS PRACTICES.
SOME time ago Chicago, stung to the quick by
the exposure of the embalmed beef business,
retorted that Boston is as bad as herself,
inasmuch as it has been the custom of the Bos
tonians to pack immature herring in dainty cans and
sell them under the enticing label, "brook trout."
It is now made known that Boston has another
pretty practice in the food business by means of
which some of her thrifty citizens hoped to reap a
rich reward, but didn't.
According to the story as told by the Boston Her
! aid the packers of codfish discovered some time ago
I that if instead of the old method of preserving the fish
i by dry salting they would resort to wet salting the
! process of curing would be quicker and cheaper, and,
i moreover, to each fish there would be added a con
siderable weight of water, which of course would be
sold at fish prices and add largely to the profits.
The Herald says the scientific method was first used
by the fish men of Gloucester and that the Boston
dealer's were compelled to adopt it by force of com
petition.
The results have not been wholly satisfactory- The
; wet salted codfish can be worked off upon consumers
in temperate climates, but it does not stand the test
of the tropics. Consequently when it was sent to the
Wcit Indies it palled upon the taste of the public.
They have refused to consume it, and the Herald
notes that "the dealers in those islands and in other
adjacent tropical countries do not care to purchase
codfish cured by the wet salt process, but prefer to
buy dry salted Canadian codfish even at a higher
price."
The pleasant practice of selling salt water for cod
fish having thus proven to be unprofitable, the Herald
condemns it, but we note that in the same issue of
the paper it speaks in some commendation of an en
terprising citizen who has been solving the sparrow
problem by a practice which threatens to ruin the
trade in reed birds.
Of that up-to-date gentleman, it is said he has felt
as much as any one the annoyance of the English^
sparrow, but has had no faith in the efficacy of the
methods generally used in New England to -get rid
of the nuisance. His experience taught him that the
sparrows can build nests faster than man can destroy
them. His method of procedure is to saturate food
with intoxicating liquor and to feed the birds with it
thus saturated. Then the sparrows become intoxi
cated and turn up their toes on the ground, where his
gardener picks them up and disposes of them to the
marketmen as reed birds, to be served on toast.
Such practices as selling green herring for brook
trout, salt water for codfish and whisky-soaked spar
rows for luscious reed birds are in the highest degree
reprehensible. Nevertheless, they do not justify
Chicago in defending the embalmed beef business.
Mrs. Broome and her hired man of Santa
Barbara gave battle to fourteen men. After a sharp
skirmish the lady was arrested. She says she is a
British subject and will carry the case into the na
tional courts. This seems particularly unkind when
Uncle Sam and Johnny Bull are shaking hands
of peace across the seas.
The scheme of establishing order in the Philippines
and then trading them to Great Britain for her islands
in the West Indies continues to engage attention in
the East, but the cost to us of such a trade seems to
be overlooked. It would be cheaper to turn the Fili
pinos loose and buy the West Indies for coin.
The announcement that Speaker Reed is about to
start for Europe should be hailed with delight by the
delegates to that other Czar's peace congress. If they
can only induce the man from Maine to stop off at
The Hague they may learn a few valuable pointers
on the gentle art of getting a quorum.
It is worth noting that, despite all the talk about a
new leader for the Democratic party, no person was
named for that office by the speakers at the Jeffer
son banquets except Bryan. The Gorman, Olney
and Miles booms were not taken out of the re
frigerators at any stage of the feast.
It is not unlikely that George Crocker has awak
ened to a vivid realization of the suggestion that he
who sups with the devil must have a very long spoon.
C. P. Huntington is a good entertainer, but w e have
his own assurance that he seldom pays for the feast.
Aguinaldo must be in desperate straits when he
finds- it necessary to kill off his rivals. The mere fact
that he has any is sufficient to show that his grip on
the Filipinos is loosening and that the end of native
opposition is near.
And now it is announced that a cousin of the Vice
reine of India is going on the stage. She thinks she
has discovered a demand for Leiter comedy.
MILLIONAIRES FIGHT OVER
THE BIRTH OF QUARTZ MINING
The first California quartz mine is in lit
igation in the United States Circuit Court
here, and the historical associations, the
novelty and importance of the legal issues
involved, the prominence of the parties
and the attendant circumstances that pro
vide variety make the case a notable one
and the story one of exceptional interest,
though public attention has not before
been drawn to it.
This mine is the Gold Hill mine, close to
Grass Valley, and the: company owning it
is defendant in the case of the Peabody
Gold Mining Company vs. the Gold Hill
Mining Company. The suit seeks to dis
possess the Gold Kill company of a large
part of its patented "round, and of veins
therein of which the defendant has had
undisputed possession .for over a genera
tion, on the ground that the patent is in
part illegal and null and void.
The Gold Hill mine is mainly owned by
E. AY. Hopkins, the president of that com
pany, and the adjoining Peabody mine is
controlled by Baron yon Schroeder, so
that the legal war is practically between
these two millionaires. The real motive
and reason of the suit is not in any inclin
ation on the part of Baron yon Schroeder
to "jump" some of a neighbor's ground,
as has nominally been done, but in a sus
picion on the part of the- Peabody people
that the deeper Gaul Hill workings are
getting into their subterranean territory,
aiid in a wish to protect their Interests
below as they think they see them. The
litigation, began last fall and thereupon
the Gold Hill people properly oi'" work
and allowed the mine to till to the top
with water so that no explorations could
figure in the case.
The initial phase of the rase, involving
an injunction against the defendant, was
recently argued and submitted by A. H.
FUcketta for the complainant ana by E.
W. McGraw for the respondent. The de
cision of Judge Morrow on the important
legal points presented will take an im
portant place in mining jurisprudence.
One treads dangerous ground in sur
veying the history of the beginning of
quartz mining in California. Much con
flict of authority can be quickly found.
Gold-bearing quartz was found before
fame rushed to Gold Mountain, as placer
gold was found before Marshall saw his
nugget, but it wan the Gold Mountain dis
covery that started the quartz mining ex
citement, and it is generally taken as the
beginning. The Gold Hill mine is cer
tainly the oldest one in California, and Its
reputation as the rirst one is justified.
This history of the very beginning
sticks out of the case at bar in a charm
ing way, yet in a disappointing way, lo
calise of its incompleteness, and the case
turns largely on this early history, as s.i
many suits Involving millions have turned
In the acts and rude methods of careless
prospectors lons before.
It is undtsputably shown that the dis
covery was made by Cracklin on Decem
ber 30, 1850. At that time miners were
working in placer diggings in the region
about what is now Grass Valley, close to
the present limits of which town Gold
Mountain stands. A party of miners were
cunning in this hill, and Cracklin was one
of them.
In his splendid report on "the gold-bear
ing quartz veins of the Grass Valley and
Nevada City mining districts," published
recently by' the. United Staws Geological
Survey, Waldemar Lindgren says that the
first find of gold-bearing quartz was made
In Gold Hill by a German in September,
1850. He sold the piece for $5, and it
yielded $K«). Other fields of float attracted
little attention, but in Nrtvember, I>>.V>, a
rich shoot of ore was struck by miners
digging a hole for a cabin chimney. Greal
excitement followed, and locations were
made. He states that the rock was first
crushed In mortars with a strong pole,
and that the Huff Company ' nn k out
$20,000 that way that winter. The first
mill, a rude and nearly useless one, was
Eut up in January, 1851 and Boon after a
etter eight-stamp mill was erected and
crushed rock for $.ii) a ton. the miners
being paid $12 a day. This eminent g<
gist doubtless fell into error when he es
sayed history.
The affidavits of Thomas 'Tacklin and
others, filed in the suit, show that Craok
lin's discovery was made on December SO,
1850. The circumstances are not related.
Whatever rich float had been picked up
before, this was "the discovery." A local
excitement was on. probably within an
hour. Whether the ledge in place or its
broken top was found that day is not
shown. The rock, however, was v. ry rich.
Ed down thr> hill, partly disintegrated, and
made the ground below rich in gold, < spe
cially three or four feet below the surface.
The details of what was said and done
on the hill that day would make interest
ing reading and would doubtless he
worthy material for Bret Harte. It is
known, however, that before that day
ended the miners there exhibited their
characteristic energy, capacity for self
government and respect for justice and
order by meeting, organizing a mining
district and adopting laws for its govern
ment. These laws are of record in Ne
vada County and a certified copy is on ex
hibit in the ease that drags them forth.
Tnt-y are the laws of the rtrst quartz min
ing district In America and have never
been published in any permanent record.
They are brief, sensible and may \*> said
to be picturesque and they do not seem to
require Philadelphia lawyers. The fol
lowing are some of the sections:
"Gold Mountains laws, passed December
30, 1850.
"Article One. These diggings shall be
called Gold Mountain and certificates of
claims shall be headed accordingly.
"Second. Thirty by forty feet shall con
stitute a full claim.
"Fifth. All persons can hold one claim
by occupancy and any number by pur
chase.
"Sixth. When a claim has been proper
ly staked, numbered and recorded It can
be held without tools being left upon It
or any work being done until the first day
of April, 1851, without interruption by the
owner.
"Tenth. All difficulties and suits arising
out of claims, trespasses, etc., shall be
tried before the Recorder, with two other
miners, one to be chosen by each party.
An appeal, however, may be taken to the
Justice of the Peace.
'"Eleventh. Any person who takes
away or uses tools of another without
permission of the owner shall forfeit all
his rights upon the mountain. If he has
no Interests then he shall be made to pay
twice the original value.
"Twelfth. Any person who throws dirt
or rock upon the claim of another shall
be made to remove It or forfeit their right
of claims on the mountain."
These laws of the Gold Mountain dis
trict are worthy of a prominent place
among the hundreds of mining codes
voluntarily adopted by a people dom
inated by Anglo-Saxon nature and ideas
at a time when it was wholly a law
•unto Itself and a sufficient one. It was
the mass of such laws, so molded, that,
crystallized, became the first Federal
mining: law of IKOB and again the present
law of 1872 and a thing unique in the
world's legislative history.
It will be observed that these first laws
of a quartr mining district show no cog
nizance of "quartz" conditions, and this
fact becomes of great importance in the
suit at issue. Those miners who figured
In that historic "excitement" and "rush"
of December 30, 1850, knew nothing about
quartz veins. They proceeded as placer
miners and substantially enacted the reg
ulations which placer mining had pro
duced elsewhere and with which a few
weeks or months of experience had
made them familiar. There was no
thought of a "discovery of a lode," and
they might have thrown into the on-.-k
one who spoke the strange phrases "ex
tralateral rights" and "dips, spurs and
angles." Any man could strike out any
where in Gold Mountain but one claim
30 by 40 feet, and the ledge had no legal
recognition. Any claim, ledge or not
must be marked with a stake at each
corner and one in the center bearing ita
consecutive number, each stake driven
two feet into the ground. Claims were
recorded and transferred by number
?< nl> \ ,. T . he «S or( l' accord| n& to Thomas
Cracklin s affidavit, was a common nock
etbook. which was filed in a suit and
burned with other county records in
1556. Thomas Cracklin's claim was No 1
As in any placer claim the owner's rights
were confined by the vertically prniecn><!
boundaries of his claim and in this first
quartz mining district the idea of fnl
lowing a vein whither it might lead
within the end boundaries of the claim
had not been conceived «-'»im
To understand the merits of the suit one
very natural thing must b« observed
among others The gold on the side hill
was all below the vein. Hence, when those
early rushers staked out their claims the
upper boundary of each upper claim was
practically the upper edge of the vein.
Every locater wanted every inch of rich
ground he could get, and the hill above
the vein went begging. So, along the vein
there was a row of 30 by 40 claims hang
ing to the upper wall and the ground
down hill was all taken up.
Mr. Cracklin'B affidavit naturally shows
that the surface ground was soon worked
out, and that it was later discovered that
costly ■hafts, tunnels, hoisting works,
etc.. were needed to work the ledfjr it
self. As l>y a law of nature the early
buying up and consolidation of these
40 claims began. The Gold Hill Quartz
Mining Company began this early In 1851.
Lrong prior to 1861 534 of these claims had
been consolidated and they now compose
the very irregularly shaped territory cov
ered by the assailed oold Hill patent.
The Gold Hill mine, thus composed of
r claims, including a ledge, was
worked steadily, and in 1577 Rossiter W.
Raymond reported in the first Government
mining report that it had yielded $8,000,000.
At about this time the mine passed to the
present company, and new works were in
stalled. I 'mil last fall it continued pro
ducing and had reached the depth of liw
feet, with extensive lateral workings. Jn
1883 a pateni for the ground covered by
the 534 original claims was acquired with
out adverse proceedings.
Two years or bo ago a vein was discov
ered along the lower portion of this pat
ented ground, bui more than 300 feet from
the original vein. The Cold Hill company/
took about $5000 out of it in a short time.
This late discovery of new riches on th«
oldest quartz claim in California may or
may not be singular. Then another vein
was found on this ground outside of the
300-fuot limit. The Peabody mine »H
then an old one, adjoining the Go»d Hill,
operating at several hundred feet depth,
and the doubts ami issues suggested early
in this story arose. -At tne benest of the
dy company tne newly found vein
in the Gold Hill territory was duly located
last September by a man who promptly
sold to the Peaoody company. Tnis is the
Suum Quique claim, which covers the
vein but keeps out of the ."00-foot limit.
Another claim was similarly located on
Kill ground and called the Croesus.
Then Baron yon Schroeder promptly went
to court and asked that the Qoid Hill
company be ordered away from his min
ing claims. That ia the issue before the
court.
A. H. Ricketts. for the Pcabody Com
pany, pleads that although the Gold Hill
people could hold their claims without
patent, If they elected to secure a patent
they came under existing laws, and that
as the law forbids a lateral possession of
more than 300 feet the Interior Depart
ment was in error and the patent is null
and void in excess of that distance.
Hence, the vein lying beyond that dis- j
tance is open to location, and their rights
to all the ground beyond 300 feet from the
vein cease, Mr. McGraw argues that the
patent, having been granted, cannot be
attacked. He also argues that the Gold |
Hill Company would have been entitled to
534 separate patents, but that it had n
right to apply, as it did. for one con
solidated patent. Mr. Ricketts goes into
history, etc., in an interesting way, and
argues that those claims were placer
claims, and says in his submitted argu
ment:
"This is perhaps the first time in the
annals of mining jurisprudence where a
patent for a quartz lode location has been
attempted to be bolstered up by local
laws whirh did not recognize discovery
and develpoment aa essential to a lode lo
cation, and which mad>- surface ground,
and not the lode, the principal thing."
The legal question as to whether the
patent is void as to the excess over 300
La thus a grave one. The Peabody
Company Itself has deeded the surface
riphis of its own patented ground to va
rious i pie fur suburban uses, and the
Gold Hill Company may have done the
same, as far as is known. Much other
ground covered by mining patents has
been similarly sold. What becomes of
the title if it is more than 300 feet from
the vein?
Among other legal questions before
Judge Morrow is the objection that the
,il Court has no jurisdiction of the
Mr. Ricketts urges that any
involving a construction of the Federal
mining statute may be brought in a Fed
eral Court, and under the circumstances
bis contention, if substantiated, would
practically bring every mining case with
in that jurisdiction. The case and the de
cision will have a great bearing on this
point in mining jurisprudence every
where. Other important legal points add j
to the interest of the case.
The circumstances of the beginning of ;
quartz mining in California are thu? In
volved in a struggle between millionaires j
at this late day.' The case may drag out
Borne interesting evidence, but much will
remain untold. An exact knowledge of
that good-for-littlo first mill In Gold
Mountain would be appreciated. One who [
would patiently and conscientiously se- j
cure or collect information about those j
first few weeks or months would do a •
valuable service. The story seems to be ;
now nebulous. J. O. DEXNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tulare la at the Pal
ace.
Dr. W. B. Pinco and wife are at the
Grand.
Attorney C. R. Tillson of Modesto Is at
the Lick.
J. D. Ludwig. a mining man of Mari
posn, is at the Grand.
George Meyers, a cigar merchant of
Fresno, is at the Lick.
Henry I'lke of the United States revenue
cutter Bear is at the California.
T. G. Lawton and A. McCartney, of the
Bear, are guests at the Occidental.
C. M. Hartley, the well-known fruit
grower of Vacaville, is at the Grand.
L. McDonald, the mining man from
Paso Robles. and wife are at the Lick.
Fornando Gonzalez and Jose de Monte-
Bima of Mexico City are at the Palace.
W. J. Tinnin. <>x-Surveyor of the Port,
arrived from Fresno yesterday and is at
the Grand.
H. C. Smith, the mining man, has just
returned from Mexico and is staying at
the Palace.
George Roos of the firm of Roos Bros,
of this city has returned after a three
months' absence in New York and Europe.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The two private shipyards at Genoa are
quite busy with naval work reconstruct-
ing and transforming foreign ships of war,
having in hand two Turkish ironclads,
the Argentine armored cruiser Garibaldi,
Scilla, an Italian wooden gunboat; Her
tha, an old wooden corvette of the Ger
man navy and the Russian corvette
Donetz.
There are 105 chaplains of the Church of
England attached to the service afloat in
tin- British navy, besides two Roman
Catholic chaplains at Portsmouth and
Devenport, who are classed as regular
officers. In addition there are three
Church of England, eighteen Roman
Catholic, seven Wosleyan and four Pres
byterian clergymen in the navy who re
ceive a fixed annual allowance, but are
not designated chaplains.
Abdul Hamid, Sultan of Turkey, pays
out of his own pocket for the remodeling
of the ironclads Mesovdloh and Tewfik at
the yard of Ansaldo, Genoa. The ex
pease will aggregate Mverol hundred
thousand dollars and the probabilities are
that he will be reimbursed in the near
future by the usual customary popular
subscriptions, voluntary or otherwise, col
lected from Armenians and other sub
jects.
The alterations to the Italian battle
ship Dandola have been completed. Her
four 105-ton guns have been removed and
four ten-inch of only twenty-nine tons
weight substituted, and the remainder of
the battery now consists of seven six-inch
and five 4.7-inch rille?. all quick-flrera.
The single mast has also been removed
and two military masts with fighting tops
have been put in. The new battery is a
vast improvement upon the old, for al
though the penetration of the discarded
105-ton guns was claimed to be about
thirty-four inches of wrought iron and
that of the ten-inch gun is only about
nineteen inches of wrought iron, the
former gun could only discharge one shot
for every ten minutes, while the smaller
gun can deliver one shot per minute.
The quick-firing six-inch and 4.7 inch in
crease the battery efficiency at least three
times over that of the same caliber guns
of the old breceh-loading typs.
The Coroner's jury in the case of the
boiler explosion on the British cruiser
Terrible found that the death Ox the fire
man was due to an accident, and that tha
officers were in no way to be blamed for
the mishap, but they recommended the
authorities to discontinue the use of weld
ed tubes. It appears that the Terrible
and Powerful are the only ships in the
British navy fitted with the Belleville
boiler having welded tube*. They are a
little Cheaper than solid drawn tubes, but
they are likely to be discarded sinre thi3
experience of "a two-weeks' cruise, during
which five tubes burst, by which one man
was killed and five were injured.
M. Lockroy, Minister of Marine of
France, was an actor of considerable abil
ity in his younger days. He was a son-in
law of Victor Hugo, and left the staj
devote exclusive attention to politics. Hl3
administration of naval affairs has evi
dently been appreciated, for he has pre
viously held office as Minister of Marine,
and he has introduced and carried into
effect many measures of reform in the
navy. Of late, however, he has acquired a
hobby, that of submarine boats, which.
subordinates all other affairs, and is
likely to make his future administration
less successful than it woulu be if he had
not become the victim of one solitary idea,
which other naval experts believe to bo
impracticable.
The British admiralty has placed or
ders with the Thames Iron Works and
Ship-building Company (Limited) of
Blackwall for the construction of two
UrFt class battlrships of 14,000 tons dis- 41
placement, at a cost exceeding 1.000.n00
pounds sterling. The directors of the
works have made arrangements for tak
ing over the famous engineering works
of Messrs. John Perm & Sons (Limited),
at Greenwich and Deptford, and will un
dertake the manufacture of the engines
of 18.000 horsepower required for these
vessels. This contract is the largest ever
entrusted by the admiralty to a single
firm, and together with the two battle
ships, the Albion for the British navy,
and the Shikishima for the Imperial Jap
anese navy of 13,000 tons and 15,000 tons
displacement, respectively, now building,
create a battleship record for the River
Thames and a notable triumph for tha
eight-hour day.
A French semi-official publication, some
thing like Brassey's Naval Annual, and
entitled "Memolres de l'Officer de la Ma
rine," gives a tabulated list of the effi
cient war vessel? in the seven principal
navies. No vessel launched twenty years
ago is included in the list nor are any of
the ships in course of construction con
sidered.
EFFICIENT SHIPS OF SEVEN NAVI
j-I_- I > I 9
\ a* a i a
Hr* I an a f
i
_•!*** 12, a
COUNTRIES. -s - j£ _ ■
_ . p
: : 1 I :
J 1: 1 . *
England i 31 1 2 : 3 10.
France 21 I 9 ] 6 31
_ermany ! IS | (23
Italy 13 ....I 2
Japan , 2 3 1 1 I!
Russia 114 I 5 16 I
L'nited States...! 5 , 3 | 2 . 23
OS OS 53 -I
as 5*3 =*3
£. £<5 » •*>
MS*-"
-I v; I .
" So 3 :
j H\
~_o" 120 1 77
11 6 16 ' 181
I 11 I lIS
! 27 2 8S
! 3 ... 23
8 73
2 I 1! IT
England
France i
Germany
Italy !
Japan ,
Russia
United States...)
The totals foot up to 351 for England;
France. 270; Germany. 168; Italy, 132;
Japan. 44; and United States. 58. The ac
curacy of the list is rather doubtful, for
the United- States has six coast-guard
ships, monitors, which are fairly entitled
to be classified ns efficient.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MORE BUOYANT— W., Philo. Cal. Hy
drogen being fourteen times lighter than
atmospheric air. is the more buoyant.
TWO DATES— W. 8.. Golden Gate. Cal.
The 30th of January. 1566, foil on a Tues
day and the 21st of January on a Tuesday
also.
RAILWAY MAIL SERVICE— T., San
Jose, Cal. The next examination in the
Railway Mall Service Department will be
held on the 7th of April next.
CHINESE-JAPANESE WAR— Constant
Reader, City. The Chinese-Japanese war
was terminated on the 17th of April, 1895,
by the signing on that day of a treaty of
peace. ______
A DESERTER— J. C. 8., City. A man
who has deserted from the army or th'j
navy of the United States is always a
deserter unless he was pardoned by tha
President.
DEEDING PROPERTY— M. H., Tib
uron, Cal. A deed to property where tha
consideration is "love and affection" is
of equal force and effect as one "for a
valuable consideration."
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE — Constant
Reader, City. What was known as Cali
fornia's Golden Jubilee, that is the fiftieth
anniversary of the discovery of gold in
California, was celebrated in San Fran
csico on the 24th of January, IS9S.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townaend'a. *
Special Information supplied ca'iy to
business houses and public men by ths>
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The first lifeboat was launched in 1790.
In France postage stamps are sold at all
the cigar shops.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3>4 days to Chicago. 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street.
"Mrs. Wmslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and % ls the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and a*k for Mrs.
Wlnslows Soothing Syrup. 250 a bottle.
HOTEL PEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $80 by
steamship. Including: fifteen days" board at
hotel : longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. Srii Francisco.
There are 2,000.000 pounds of manufac
tured tobacco In bond at any one time In
the United Kingdom.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites is pure and palatable.
For years it has been used
for coughs and colds, for con-
sumption, for those whose
blood is thin or colorless,
whose systems are emaciated
or run down.
. For children it means
health and strength, stronger
bones and teeth, and food
for the growing mind.
Baby gains in weight and
thrives when Scott's Emul-
sion is added to its milk.
____ - J°c.and $1.00, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BO\VNE,Chcmlsu;N«wY<>tk ;WORK OF AMERICAN
TRACT SOCIETY
Annual Meeting Held at
Washington.
LITERATURE DISTRIBUTED
G3SPEL PUBLISHED IN 153
LANGUAGES AND DIALECTS.
.Fifteen Million Family Visits and
Vast Quantities of Printed Mat
ter Circulated Among
the Soldiers.
Sr^etal rispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON', April 16.-The annual
meeting of the American lYact Society
ins evening in the Fi:
• il Church, the Rev. s. ML Newman,
D.D., pastor, presiding. Rev. Judson
Swift, field secretary at New York, pre-
I a report of the society's work
Morgan, ex-Cnmmisslnnpr of Indian
Affairs ami corresponding secretary of the
-t Home Missionary Society at New
York, delivered a forcible address, setting
forth the objects for which the society
labors.
The field secretary's report showed the total
number of periodicals printed during the year
amounted to about 1.806,000 and the total num
ber of monthlies since the beginning of issue
about :i3.<xX>,«iO. The secretary published the
gospel truth in 153 languages and dialects. The
BOClety, said the report, is an ally to all Chrin
tian churches. It gives large aid to fort-lgn
mission stations. Through Its colporteurs it
Boes from house to house in the sparsely set
tled rural district! and densely populated wards
of the. cities. Since the organization of col
portage over IS.Wfi.OfO family visits have been
made and upward of nine and a half mil
lion families have been prayed with or spoken
to on the subject of personal religion. It- was
estimated that ther>> are from three to five
persons in each household. A considerable
number o' new publications have been added
during the past year. The total number of
grants in publication has reached a value of
upward of two and a quarter mliii' The
grants of cash and electrotypes to foreign mis
sions to produce literature In native languages
amount to about fSOO.QOO.
The society during the late war distributed
over seven and a half million pages of Chris
tian literature In the army and navy, sending;
over 250,000 paces to the Philippines, and is now
' publishing extensively in the Spanish lan
(ruaee for missionary work in the newly ac
quired islands. It is furthermore distributing
Christian literature In the Mormon homes of
ftah through a system- of colporteur wagons
and missionaries. The Increased demand for
the society's work has made an unusual draft
upon Kb resources and an earnest appeal is
made for additional offerings.
HORSE AND VEHICLE
GO OVER A GRADE
Harold P. Gray of San Jose Accident
ally Killed Near Menlo
»Park.
MENLO PARK, April I(s.— Harold P.
Gray of San Jose was killed on the Al
pine grade at an early hour this morning:.
Accompanied by Simon Schemachy he
departed last night on a fishing trip to
La ; nda. The young men were unac
quainted with the road, and at a sharp
turn near the summit their vehicle went
over the grade. They were hurled to the
bottom and the horse fell upon them.
tnachy managed to extricate him-
Felf. but Gray was pinned to the earth.
Gray was offering great pain and
yelled for help. His frightened compan
ion mad« several efforts to get the horse
up, but was unsuccessful. He then ran
for assistance, and about five miles from
the scene of the accident met William
Maloney, who accompanied him back.
Gray was found cold in death, his life
crush* out by the weight of the horse.
The body was brought to Menlo Park,
and after haviug been viewed by a Coro
ner's jury, was" taken to San Jose.
Gray was about 20 years old, and was
pmplo'yed by the San Jose Fruit Packing
Company. He was a brother of Frank
M. Gray, manager of the People's Tele
phone Company of San Jose. His father
Is a commission merchant in San Jose.
BRAVE M'CONVILLE
BURIED AT LEWISTON
At the Grave His Seventeen-Year-
Old Son Is Made a Colonel of
Militia.
T.ETVISTON. Idaho. April 16.— The fu
■ Edward McConville of the
Idaho Volunteers, who was killed on Feb
-4 last while leading his battalion
in the famous charge at Santa Ana. near
Manila, was held here to-day. Fully 6000
attended. Governor Stuenberg
■ State officers and prominent
fraternity men from every section of the
State were present. Two companies of
ta from the State University and a
company of ex-members of tho Idaho and
Washington volunteers led the proce»
which was over a mile in length.
An impressive feature of the funeral
fprvlcps was the presentation of a com
mission i t the Idaho National
I to Harry McConville, the 17-year
f the dead hero, the commis
■ • !i Issued by the Governor
a few days ago. The young man was
■ <; as a private in his father's bat
talion when the latter fell.
Murdered by an indian.
VANCOUER, B. C, April 10.— Philip
"Walker, a young married m;m was shot
Bterday at Kamloops by an
named Caslmir. A posse is in pur
t I'nsimlr. who has a bad record.
Walker was quiet and inoffensive and the
had no motive for the crime.
POSTT7M CEBEAL.
HUSBAND AND COFFEE.
Would Be Foolish to Stay With It.
I must tell you about my husband
and his experience with coffee. He had
nervous and more or less irrita-
ble, suffering with nausea and water-
brash from time to time and sleepless-
> ith a. considerable amount of in-
-1 ion.
I finally induced him to leave off the
for while his ailments were dif-
• somewhat than mine, I was con-
vinced that it was the poisoning of the
nervous system that caused his trou-
blea an well as my own.
We have now been using Postum over
a y<ar and are in the very best of
health, stout and hearty every way.
You may be sure we have learned to
make Postum so it fust's fine, for we
believe in "good things." We made
Postum rather sloppy at first.
I cannot describe what a blessing we
have both derived from the use of Pos-
tum. I have -written these facts in the
hone that some others may be benefited
by the statement and leave off the cof-
fee that is the real cause of so much
physical suffering. A friend of ours,
Mrs. Emma Dahlgren, had dreadful
stomach trouble for years, bloating
after meals, great nervousness and se-
rious constipation. The physicians
could not do her any good, but imme-
diately after she left off coffee and be-
gan using Postum she got over her
nervousness, constipation and other
sufferings, and now enjoys fine-health.
She is not like the same person; cheer-
ful at all times now, while formerly
she was very despondent and ill. MRS.
LENA NOBLE, Fairfield, lowa.
TREATS IN STORE
FOR THE NATIVES
Salinas' Plans for Their
Entertainment.
PROGRAMME IS COMPLETED
CONCEBTS, EXCEPTIONS, DANCES
AND EXCURSIONS.
For an Entire Week the Visiting Par
lors Will Be Accorded a Suc
cession of Pleas
ures.
I
Pr""!al Dispatch to The Call. "
SALINAS, April 16.— That the dele
gates to the Grand Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, will receive a royal
reception at the hands of the Sallnas
ites. and that they will be appropriately
entertained while here, is certain. The
finance committee has met with excel
lent success In getting Citizens to do
nate to the fund, and now that it is
collecting the subscriptions no difficulty
is experienced at all. It reports that
over $2000 has thus far been collected
out of $4500 subscribed. This amount
assures a successful celebration, as well
as a satisfactory entertainment, not
only of delegates to the Grand Parlor
but of the large gathering of others
who will visit Salinas during Native
Sons' week.
On the parade day an excursion will
be run from Monterey, Del Monte and
Pacific Grove, and one rrom Santa Cruz
and Watsonville, the former over the
Southern Pacific and the latter over the
Spreckuls narrow gauge road. On
Wednesday, the 26th, the Foresters of
America will have a fete day in Salinas.
Visiting lodges from Monterey. Castro
ville, Soledad, Watsonville. Santa Cruz
and other places will be here, and a
reception, ball and banquet Will be
given in their honor by the local court.
The decoration committee has about
completed plans for the oeautifyins: of
the city. Mr. Pratt the official dec
orator, arrived to-day and will com
mence york to-morrow. The first Idea
of an arch at the -function of Gabilan
and Main streets has been abandoned,
and in its stead a plan for a more elab
orately decorated area has been adorjt
ed. A line of flag.; and lanterns will be
put up the full length of Main street.
and also for a block each way on Gabi
lan and Alisal streets and Central ave
nue. Besides this, banners will be
stretched across these streets at short
intervals. There will be other artistic
and appropriate decorations.
The programme committee has ar
ranged its part of the work, and has a
list of events that will attract and en
tertain the multitude. The programme
in detail Is as follows:
The delegates will arrive here from
the north on the 1:39 o'clock train on
Sunday. Conterno's band of San Jose
will accompany them. The visitors will
be met at the train by Santa Lucia Par
lor, Native S.>ns of the Golden West,
Loaded by the Salinas City band, and
escorted to the headquarters in the Na
tive Sons' Hall, where they will regis
ter and be assigned to rooms. In the
ng Conterno's band will giva an
open-air concert.
On Monday morning the opening ses
sion ot the Grand Parlor will be held.
nfter which there will be an excursion
to Spreckels and a trip througn the
sugar factory. In the evening a pub
lic reception will be tendered th-3 Na
tives at Armory Hall, at which time
the keys of the city will be turned over
to them. The Native Daughters will as
sist in this receptio-n.
On Tuesday, the 25th, there will be
an early session of the Grand Parlor in
the Opera House, after which all dele
gate s. as well as visiting and local civic,
societies, will parade. The following
organizations will be in line: Stead
man Post, Grand Army of the Republic,
thirty veterans; Troop C, seventy-rive
men; Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows, 200 strcng; Foresters from Sa
linas, Monterey, Castroville, Soledad,
Watsonville and Santa Cruz, 300 strons.
with three floats; Knights of Pythias,
seventy-five members; Dania N<>. 1,
sixty men; 1100 school children; Wood
men of the World, fifty in number;
Santa Cruz and Watsonville league
baceball teams; Salinas Fire Depart
ment: Aleli Parlor. Native Daughters.
100; Santa Lucia Parlor, Native Sons,
and all visiting delegates, 600.
In the afternoon there will be a base
ball game between the Santa Cruz and
Watsonville league teams. At nlyht
the ball will be given in the armory.
The local Foresters will entertain all
visiting brethren at the pavilion with
a ball and banquet.
o n Wednesday there will be an rxcur
sMi to Monterey, Del Monte and Pa
cific Grove over the Southern Pacific
Railroad, one fare for the round tr<p.
At Monterey the delegates will be giv-n
a reception at Bagby's Opera Hn'j?=,
taken around the famous seventeen
mile drive and back again to old Col
ton Hall. California's first Capitol build
in*:, where luncheon will be served by
the clt'zrns. In the evening there wi'l
be n night session of the Grand Pa.l
-lor, after which the California Argo
nauts, Camp No. 4. will confer their
degree (an all-night affair).
A twenty-round glove contest be
tween Young Peter Jackson and Mcse
Lefontls, bo-th of San Francisco, will
be a feature at the pavilion.
Thursday there will be an all-day ses
sion of the delegates and election of
grand officers. In the evening a ban
quet will be given to the delegates hi
the armory.
Besides the foregoing features con
certs and various other amusements
will be forthcoming every day.
WAGES WILL BE REDUCED.
Globe Smelter Employes Given This
Intimation by the Combine.
DENVER, April 18.— The Globe Smelter
has been turned over to the new combine-,
the American Smelting and Refining Com
pany, and has been closed in order to
five the works^ a thorough overhauling.
ntimatlon was given to the workmen
who were laid off that when the smelter
is reopened their wages will be reduced,
provided the new eight-hour law is ob
served The men heretofore received $2
for a day of twelve hours. The Omaha
and Grant Smelter will be transferred to
the trust May 1 and the Argo will follow.
Freight Wreck Near Dunsmuir.
DI'NSMriR. April 16.— Freight train
No. 221. while running at tlje rate of fif
teen miles an hour at a point half a mile
north of Kennet this evening, was
brought to a sudden stop by an axle un
der a refrigerator car giving away, caus
imr the car to be thrown crosswise of the
tr-ick No other serious damage was
done ' The overland Portland passenger
train due in San Francisco to-morrow
morning will be held three .or four hours
until the wrecking crew can clear the
track.
Lon Edwards Goes Free.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 16.— The trial of
Lon Edwards for the murder of his min
ing partner, S. C. L Evans, at Fairview.
a mining claim near Ashland, on March 8,
resulted in a verdict of acquittal by the
Jury this morning. Both L, vans and Ed
wards resided in Los Angeles before com
ing to Ashland. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
WEDDED AMID
FRAGRANT FLOWERS
Union of Miss Beckie Moss and Mr*
Samuel Karsky*
ONE of the prettiest weddings of the season took place last night at 1818
O'Farrell street, the contracting parties being Miss Beckie Moss, the
beautiful and accomplished daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Moss, and
Mr. Samuel Karsky. president of the Abrahm & Karsky Company,
Trinity County's leading mercantile corporation.
The home was elaborately decorated and the young couple stood under a
canopy of fragrant blossoms when Rev. Dr. Nieto spoke the words which
made them man and wife. The bride was attired in an elegant grown of
white Duchesse satin, trimmed with mousseline de sole and point lace, and
carried a bouquet of Bride roses. The maid of honor, Miss Annetta Rosen
shine, cousin of the bride, wore a gown or organdie over white silk and
carried a bouquet of American Beauty roses.
Immediately after the ceremony the party adjourned to the dining-room
and enjoyed a wedding feast. Mr and Mrs. Karsky will spend their honey
moon in the southern part of the State and upon their return will reside
temporarily at the Palace Hotel, after which they will make their home in
Weavervilfe, Trinity County.
Tho young couple were the recipients of many elegant and costly gifts.
THE RELATION
OF WOMAN TO
THE GOSPEL
Rev. Wilson on Evils
of the Times.
CIVILIZATION A FAILURE
HOPES TO FOUND A HOME FOR
WORKING WOMEN.
An Able Sermon in Which the Speak
er Outlines a Practical Plan for
the Protection of the
Weaker Sex.
Not for many a day has a broader, more
liberal sermon issuofl out of any San
Francisco pulpit than that delivered last
night at Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson. Dr. Wilson dealt with woman's
place and woman's power In the propaga
tion of the gospel, not as they are but as
they would he were the conditions of the
day as they should be. He spoke to his
subject forcefully and practically, and
held the wrapt attention of his congrega
tion through the three-quarters of an
hour he required.
Dr. Wilson took his text from the fourth
chapter, third vorse of the Philippians,
"Hf-lp thnsp women who labor together
with us in thp gospel." "There are those
who tell us every day," said he, "that this
world is getting worse instead of better.
That crime is increasing and the gospel
more seldom heard. This is not true. I
can look around me and see Chinatown
and this wide-open city, and I can turn
again and lincl people who have lived here
for twenty or thirty years who will tell
me that both have improved morally in
that time; that crime has grown less and
that the gospel is heard in quarters which
never knew it before. And so it la in New
York and the other great cities •in the
East; the world is getting better and we
must help it to do so. We must put a
candle In the dark places and help those
to see who would but cannot.
"It is the women who must help us to
do this. From the time that band of
noble women helped Paul in ancient Rome
the propagation of the gospel has been
woman's proper mission, and they must
be enabled to help us now in our ex
tremity. We must all work and we must
remember that if all of us cannot build
houses we can at least lay a brick. So
many of us will not do anything unless
we can do a great big thing, and 1 want
to say to you that if you can not do 'a
great big thing,' then in the name of the
suffering humanity do a small thing. The
gospel has no wings to fly. no sails to
move It, nor any locomotive power behind
it It needs the human personality be
hind it. The gospel as a human uplift
needs labor in its propagation. It Is suc
ceeding so poorly to-day not because
there is not enough of it preached but be
cause there is not enough of it practiced.
"I have a quarrel with the conditions
of the times. They are wrong, but Ido
not know how to remedy them. Women
are forced Into the marts of trade and
with their weak strength compelled to
light against men for their bread and
k<pt away from the gospel. This is not a
Blzn of success, but a sign of failure in
our civilization. When our men have not
enough virility, enough manhood to take
care of our women and provide a shelter
fur them it is nothing less than failure.
At the same time, as many women say,
they cannot afford to give up a $600 posi
tion for a $300 man. This is not the right
condition, but, as I said, I do not know
how to remedy it. We must nnd a way.
It cannot be done in this generation, nor
in the next, but we must begin the work
that will give woman her proper place and
her rights and place her in that relation
to the gospel, as were the women when
the gospel was a thousand years and
more younger."
Dr. Wilson closed his sermon with a
sincere and powerful appeal for the
women who, compelled to work for sala
ries upon which they cannot live in the
big cities, are forced from the ways of
righteousness that they may live at all,
and he outlined a plan which he and hfa
wife and a number of the sturdy workers
with them are now engaged in furthering.
They have started on a small scale a home
for such women as he had spoken for
during the evening, with every promise
of success before them, and he requested
the moral and financial aid of every one
of his congregation.
AN ELOQUENT SPEAKER.
Lecturer W. M. Lowell Delivers an
Interesting Sunday Sermon.
Walter Myron Lowell of New York, who
has attained some renown as a lecturer,
gave another instance of his versatility
yesterday morning by delivering an elo
quent sermon before a large congregation
in Howard-street M. E. Church. He chose
as his subject "Pivoted, or the Parting of
the Ways," and for nearly a half hour
talked brilliantly on his theme. Dr. John
A. B. Wilson, pastor of the church, intro
duced the gentleman to his congregation
In a few fitting sentences. The young
preacher's tuneful voice and fine delivery
soon captivated his hearers, and they lis
tened to him with interest.
TJ»e speaker sketched the. great differ
ence between the rulers Herod and Jesus.
The first, he said, though outwardly the
Lord over much territory, was self-willed,
self-indulgent and servile. On the other
hand Christ had no glittering court, regal
insignia nor courtiers, but was pure and
gentle and seK-forgetful. Although the
difference between them was very great
they each possesses large resources for
the bestowal of gifts. Herod could say,
"To the half of my kingdom I give you";
Christ. "As thou wilt. Continuing. Mr.
Lowell said two women present them
sejves to our view. He spoke of Salome
as "no of them, and in glowing words de
scribed a fete in Herod's palace on the
night of a grand function, lie told of her
entrance and her obeisance at the foot of
Herod's throne, and then of her captivat
ing the King by her graceful dancing, and
of his offering Salome, her choice.
"While she is consulting with- her moth
er on what she should ask of the King,"
he said. "let us judge the second woman.
She is a Syro-Phoenician and has left her
afflicted daughter to search for the One
who can cure her; and when she asked
Him to heal her daughter, He said to her,
'Into thee as thou wilt.'
"In the tide of life," continued the
speaker, "we all have special moments of
opportunity." He eulogized John B. (>ough
fur swinging to the right side and told of
the great work he was doing in the cause
of temperance. He then dwelt on the fact
that many young men on reaching the
"parting of the ways" are undecided what
ro;i<i to take. He pointed out the sublim
ity of taking the path that led to God' a
kingdom and then outlined the evils that
arise when one takes the other. Return
ing to Salome, he told of her return and
the ignoble choice she made. Mr. Lowell
said others choose just as wildly. Some,
like the Syro-Phenician woman, choose
for others and the best things.
Mr. Lowell intends remaining in this
city for a few weeks and will deliver sev
eral h-ctures.
DELIVERS FAREWELL SERMON.
Archdeacon Emery Ceases to Be Rec
tor of the Church of the Advent.
Archdeacon J. A. Emory df-livered his
farewell sermon as rector of the Church
of the Advent yesterday morning, review
ing the work of the church during the
four years he has boon in charge and be
speaking the same cordial help »o his suc
cessor that has been. accorded him in his
labors. During his rectorship tlr> Liabili
ties of the church have been reduced from
J46.1&5 to $17,500. The resignation of the
rector was in part due to the desire of
Bishop Nichols that he should be free to
devote all his time to his duties as Arch
deacon, to which office he was appointed
nearly two years ago, but that was not
the sole reason. As stated in his letter of
resignation he feels that he has in a large
measure exhausted his resources in his ef
forts to wipe out the debt of the church.
and that a new rector with a new circle
of friends may be able to clear the church
of debt.
Rev. Douglas F. Forrest, D.D. , who has
held Important cures in Baltimore and
Washington, D. C, has been choson by
unanimous vote of the vestry to succeed
Archdeacon Emery as rector. He comes
with a reputation as a hard worker and a
fine preacher, and the church is -bound to
prosper under his charge. Archdeacon
Emery will hereafter be found in the dio
cesan house on California street, his new
duties making him a sort of chief as
sistant to the Bishop.
■ ♦ ■
UNFORTUNATE PEACEMAKER.
For Trying to Stop a Pig-ht a New
Policeman Receives a Thrashing.
Policeman Amend, a recent addition to
the force, had an experience yesterday
morning that will last him for a long
time. He was in citizen's clothes and
while passing along Market street, near
Eighth, he endeavored to arrest three
young men who were fighting. They re
sented his interference and jumped on
him. He fought bravely and quite a
crowd gathered, but as Amend did not dis
play his star the crowd did not Interfere.
The. fight was continued down Eighth
street till Amend shouted to the crowd
that he was an officer and called for as
sistance. This had the effect of making
the three fignters nurry away through an
alley.
A message had been sent to the South
ern Police Station that the officer was be
ing beaten to death and Sergeant Donovan
and several policemen jumped into the
patrol wagon and drove to the scene, but
they were too late. Policeman Butter
worth had also driven round in his buggy,
but he was not on time.
Yesterday afternoon Andrew Desmond,
a teamster, and Joseph Murphy, a painter,
were arrested and Identified by Amend as
two of the men who attacked him. A
charge of battery was booked against
them. Amends lips were cut and he was
generally bruised.
Is prepared at our brewery and Is guaranteed
unequaled in quality, purity and medicinal
virtue. . ' , , ,V
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N.
■■ » ■
Bonbon Social.
Next Thursday evening Pioneer Lodge
of the Foresters of America will give a
bonbon social In the social hall of the
Foresters' building.
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co.. San Francisco. •
Fight in a Lodging-House.
P. Olson and Leon Cheerrole, laborers,
room In a lodging-house on Illinois street.
Potrero. They were drinking yesterday
afternoon and bad a light in Olson's room.
Olson was struck on the head with a bot
tle, opening his scalp, and Cheerrole was
hadly battered. They were taken to the
Receiving Hospital and later to the City
Prison. Olson was charged with dis
turbing the peace and battery and Cheer
role with assault with a deadly weapon.
GUNS TO BOOM FOB DEWEY.
General Shafter Will Fire a Salute in
Honor of the Naval Hero.
There is no longer any doubt of the
success of the Dewey Day celebration on
May 1, which is being arranged under the
auspices of the Pacific Coast Association
of the Native Sons of Vermont. In fact,
there has never been any doubt of its
success, but it was desired that a salute
in honor of the hero of the battle of Ma
nila Bay should be fired by a battery of
Uncle Sam's artillery stationed at this
post, and it was not until yesterday that
the projectors of the affair were in
formed that this feature of the pro
gramme could be carried out.
Just before Major-General Shafter de
parted for the East Judge Belcher, presi
dent of the Vermont Association, ad
dressed a note to him requesting that the
salute be fired. He received the follow
ing answer:
Headquarters Department of California, San
Francisco, April 4, 1899.
Hon. Edward A. Belcher. President Pacific
Coast Association, Native Sons of Vermont— My
Dear Judge: I regret very much that I do not
possess the authority to authorize the expendi
ture of ammunition necessary for the salute
that you request. I fully accord with your
views as to the propriety of this action, and
th" Rood effect this action will have upon the
growing youth of this country.
I have been unexpectedly ordered to Wash
ington. and expect to be there within the next
six days. Upon my arrival there I shall bring
this matter to the attention of the Secretary
of War. and if his consent can be procured will
notify you of the fact, and will then very glad
ly assist in making the festivities of May 1 a
success. Very sincerely yours,
WILLIAM R. BHAFTER.
Major General. U. S. V.
That General Shafter did not forget his
promise is shown by the following tele
gram received last night:
niFFALO. N. V., April 16, 1899.
To Edward A. Belcher. San Francisco— Will
arrange for salute on Dewey day when I re
turn. SHAFTER, Major General.
The preparations for the celebration
are rapidly nearing completion and the
jinniversary of the day on which Dewey
dost roved the Spanish fleet oft Cavite and
electrified the world promises to be a big
day in the metropolis of the Pacific
coast.
REDUCED GAS RATE.
Aigeltinger Order Will Be Adopted
by Supervisors To-Day.
The Supervisors at their meeting to-day
■will fix the gas rate for consumers at !
J] 50 a thousand cubic feet and the house- I
holders may now congratulate themselves
that the struggle for a reduction has not
been barren of results. This is the rate
Introduced by Supervisor Aigeltinger at
thft last meeting of the board and it is un
derstood that the minority members will
vote for it, though the reduction is not
as great as they would like it to be. They
do not care to be placed in. the position of
opposing a lower rate.
The reduced rate will not prevent the
company from putting a lower figure into
effect if it should be forced to meet com- |
petition. The Aigeltinger resolution pro- '
vides that the new rate shall go into effect
May 1. . . •
Tho existing rate for street lamps, which
is 11 cents a night, and that for incandes
cent lamps. 10 cents, will not be disturbed,
at least for the present. In July a new
contract will be entered into.
It is highly probable that another in
vestigation into the; cost of the production
of gas will be begun on Tuesday, not
withstanding the fact that the Finance
Committeee went very thoroughly into the
subject last month. One of the majority
in the board takes the stand that the cost
of rmmufacture, which was made out to ;
be 4<" cents a thousand cubic feet, is j
ridiculously low. lie claims that the cost !
of collection and other expenditures will \
make the cost approach $1 a thousand feet j
and that the company would be unable ;
to pay dividends on the stork invested j
unless a reasonable rate is passed. An
other investigation, he thinks, will show !
the truth of his statement.
Injured by a Fall.
John Dostich, a laborer employed at the !
marble works at 244 Brannan street, fell j
a distance of fifteen feet yesterday while
descending a stairway from an upper
story of the building. He was removed to
the City and County Hospital and pieced
under the care of Dr. Lane, v.'ho r.p to a
late hour last night, was unable to state .
whether his injuries would prove fatal or
not. Dostich struck on the jagged edges
of a lot of marble slabs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vo 97?rs. tPinkham, \
jEynn, 97/ ass.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM WO. 41,207]
" Dear Friend — A year ago I was a
great sufferer from female weakness, i
My head ached all the time and I would
get so dizzy and have that all gone
feeling in the stomach and was so
nervous and restless that I did not
know what to do with myself.
" My food did me no good and I had a
bad case of whites. I wrote to you and
after taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound as directed, I can
truly say that I feel like a new woman
and cannot tell you how grateful I am
to you.
"I have recommended it to all my
friends and have given it to my
daughter #ho is now getting along
splendidly. May you live many years
to help our suffering sisters." — Mrs. G.
Carpenter, 253 Grand St., Brooklyn,
N. : V. ;
Over eighty thousand
such letters as this were re-
ceived by. Mrs. Pinkham
during 1897. Surely this is
strong proof of her ability
to help suffering women.
s^^mm RUPTURE.
■E£rv~T//\j|ffl VSE NO MORE IKON
WBHW«MifCtTODjr Hoops or Steel Sprlnjrs.
lF *3t3ffMSSSr^'^ Rupture retained with eas«
B-^J/tff&iZ an<l comfort, and thousands radl-
■ fmr^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
1* /J5f x Magnetic Elastic Truss. ITT Call at.
\^Sr f flee or write for New Pamphlet No.l.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS, CO..
(20 Market »t_,opp. Palace Hotel. SajFranclaoo.
DR.PIERCES "
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LaVER.UJNGS.
■ - afl*lßifc^i*ii 1 Iff 'f7 ** If a non-poisnnova
jtO^H^^^^^fctafl remedj for Gonorrhcra,
JtUtirvC KEb^Km Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
gsSn/r'a Ito 5 Uvi.^B Whites, unnatural ilia-
BfJEff Guaranteed H charges, or any inflamma*
mM»ji not to itrlotnre. tloo, irritation or ulcera-
Ttt'r;;gpu oonuglon. tion of mucous mem-
iySXTHfEVANSCHEMir»IOo, branes. N'ou-a«tringeut.
\eSZ&. CINCIsmiTI.Q Bi Sold by Dru **'» Ui -
vnajk n3 1 55a or aeat ' n P' a > n wrapper,
rYFfBSi ' l^^V ' by express, prepaid, fof
'IXSlgtorir&Vl 1.1-00, or 3 bottle*. 12.75.
I »^Hjp»r ■ Circular tout on rae^aKfc
\A/. T. HESS,
KOTABT POBLIO AND ATTOBNBT-Ar LAW,
Tentn Floor. Room " 1015, Claua ijpreckel* Bl4g.
'"'•*• ■■•■'•■• Telephone Brown 831. - . ■
Residence, "ill C*Uloral» at,, below Powell.
Baa Fraaciico _■ •- -
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,. ;\ ■ / _
•828282828282828282 82 82 82 82 82 82.82 82' 82 82 82 82 8282 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 '82 82 82 O
28 SS
•S F_-m'-r t _-_ M _ J^ *§f|ii_il «3- ■ «r^ w "if /~»
JCITYOF||J| PARIS I
£ DRY GOODS COMPANY. f,
ss * ; ss
ss ss.
I COLORED DRESS GOODS! I
« ■ ■ : ■ 28
f Our Importations Are Now Complete. ss
28 . ■ — ' . / ' 28
88 .We are showing a magnificent assortment of all he very latest SS
$8 Fabrics and Colorings. Including SILK AND WOOL BAREGE, COL- 28
2- ORED CREPONS. SILK AND WOOL BAREGE GRENADINES, ENG- 2*
*, LISH WORSTED SUITINGS, etc., etc. ~
28 ' ■■• ' _———_— ———___ 28
•o ■ ■ *a
£ The following Extraordinary Values have to be seen to be appre-
28 ciated, they cannot be duplicated. 28
•a At $1.00 Yard %
28 52-inch ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS, very stylish, in all the new shades of SS
05 gray, castors, blues, tans, etc. o»
£ At $1.00 Yard «
£ 45-inch IMPORTED ALL-WOOL COVERT WHIPCORD, a most deslr-
•° able fabric for traveling and street wear. 28
a At $I.7sYard 55
28 52-inch ENGLISH SATIN-FINISHED COVERT VENETIANS, a very 2%
28 handsome material. eg
I At $2.00 Yard g
m 56-inch DOUBLE-FACED SUITINGS, plain face, with .check or plaid -.
w backs; the latest for golf and bicycle suits. • 5
28 28
28 ' ' 28
•3 We have lately received another large shipment of our celebrated 88
28 SATIN VENETIAN CLOTH (which never loses its finish), all new 28
r# ' shades. * _ e»
♦o- _________________________ • »o
28 28
25 COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. 25
28 • 28
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, a
28 S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. 88
88 UNION SQUARE. 88
88 • 28
•82 88 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 ?2 82 82 82»
i ~ &s " " SAVE YOUR MONEY !^!
j: 3L From $10 to $17.50 j
'! 4«||il^ You can get the best All-Wool /
i £$£$$§5% Suit Made to Order at ',
Jill JOE POHEIM:!
i 1 / "Illap? If 'you want a first-class, ( i
i| f|iiis we'l-fitf rig suit of clothes ,'
'. I|S| from $20 to $40 go to i
;: II JOE poheim I;
/ ' s< »si[li Fine Clothes at 25 per \
i cent less than elsewhere. ,'
■ 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, i|
1 1 110-1112 Market St.. S. F. I
SKIN, SCALP, /ss*v
COMPLEXION, jWi
Itching-, burning, irritated skin. Ag§^ A/
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair T%*<J(u £r
and dandruff and blemished com- v st ■—^
plexlons instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the daily use of
WOODBUKY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
atrtngth to »exuai organ*. Depot. 823 Marktt.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, 5S E ofiBffi
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In a Superb Revival of Jacobowskl's Beautiful
Opera,
EK.M:i2STIE !
Every Member of This Famous Lyric Organ-
ization in the Cast.
FRIDAY EVENING FULL DRESS
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) 50c
Family Circle (Reserved) 25c
Gallery . . 15c
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices, 15c. 25c and 50c: Nothing Higher.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN."
SPECIAL!
SAUER
2— AFTERNOON RECITALS! — 2
WEDNESDAY, April 19. and FRIDAY, April
21, at 3 p. m.
PRICES $100 to $3 00
KNABE PIANO USED.
Seats Now Selling at Grand Opera House and
at Kohler & Chase's.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
JOIN US IN A HEARTY LAUGH
TO-NIGHT!
The New York and London Farce Success,
A BAD LOT
PRICES- - - - - - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week- "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Don't Get Lost injhe LONDON MAZE.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO and
the REMAINS of SALLY in
THE ZOO.
COMING— MINIATURE RAILWAY.
THURSDAY NIGHT,
Amateur Burlesque Boxing Match.
■'Admission, including Zoo and Theater, 10c;
Children Always ac.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK.
.BOSTON I ANS.
TO-NIGHT AND THURSDAY,
ROB ROY.
Tuesday and Friday,
THE SERENADE.
Wednesday and Saturday Evenings and Satur-
day Matinee,
ROBIN_HOOD.
NEXT MONDAY—
:R.oi_i^:isr:D REED
In "THE WRONG MR. WRIGHT."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
The Blazing Lights of Laughter, THE
| ■: In Their Howling Success,
II RAYS
In Their Howling Success,
A HOT
"f OLD TIME!
Here's Where You Get Your Moneys Worth.
GREAT NEW COMEDY BILL.
FAVOR AND SINCLAIR,
In Their New Act, "A High Roller."
CLARICE VANCE. Rag-Time Comedy.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH, Musical Com».
dians.
THE ANDERSONS, Darktown Comedy.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY la
New Farce Comedy, "Extravagance."
MARSHALL P. WILDER, New Stories.
HENGLER SISTERS, PANTZER BROS.
AND MLLE. LARDINOIS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs, 50c.
■ Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Special Benefit Matinee, San Francisco Fruit
and Flower Mission. Friday, April 21. Prices
Lower Floor, 50c; Balcony, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
First Time at This House.
The French Vaudeville Operetta, -
THE LITTLE TROOPER,
Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
Music by Wm. FURST. and VICTOR ROGER.
GREAT CAST!
NEW SCENERY! CORRECT COSTUMES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— The Merry Comedy Opera, 1
"THE GEISHA."
"A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE."
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c. Our Telephone,
Bush 9.
MARKET STREET, NEAR EIGHTH.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA
BAY
ENTRANCE OF AMERICAN FLEET.
SPANIARDS ON GUARD. DEWEY ON THE-
BRIDGE. SPANISH SHIPS IN FLAMES.
FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT STORMING
FORT SAN ANTONIO. MANILA. CAVITE.
Open Daily, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, GOc; CHILDREN, 25c.
Opera Glasses.
;';. V-.' H. GILMOUR. Manager.
CONCERTS AND REdORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Commencing MONDAY, April 17. at 8:15 o'clock.
POPE LEO XIII LfvlfTO DAY
, Biographic - Exhibition of Marvelous Moving
Pictures of His Holiness, POPE LEO XIII.
The coronation ceremonies of Queen Wllhel-
inina of Holland. The return of heroes of the
late war. and many other moving views. Grand
vocal and Instrumental music. Afternoons at
4 o'clock. Evenings at 8:15 o'clock. Admission,
£0 cents:, children. 25 cents. ,
THE STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK. Market and Eighth Sts.
Don't fail to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FREITSCH and his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT, in
which he will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition dally. Grounds open from,
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, Including rid* oa
, the "Horses," etc.
56
OLYMPICS OPEN
A NEW CYCLERS
RACING COURSE
Large Crowd at the
Opening Meet.
ALL THE CRACKS COMPETED
RUSS AND ROBISON DIVIDE
AMATEUR HONORS.
John Lawson Won the Professional
Event, and Cotter and Barnaby
Were Vinners in the Tan
dem Puisuit Race.
Club Wheelmen formally
w cycle track, situated in
grounds, yesterday
i rare meet, in which all
ir i racks and visiting
: - ■ unpeted. It v. ■
'.tended, and the ar-
0 -*-& -*- -♦- <$> -♦- -♦— -♦- <S>-»-^>— »-0
rane:omonts were perfect.
The weather favored the club, for it was
exceptionally pleasant, and as the stands
are protected from any winds, the large
crowd was quite comfortable, which prob
ably accounted for the unstinted applause
showered upon the victors.
E. V. Russ of the Olympic Wheelmen
and Ralph Robison of the Bay City
Wheelmen divided the honors in the ama
teur class, each winning .■_ ra.ee, Kcblsod
also taking second place in another. With
the honors "eary" each cluo was well
satiFflei.
mplc <"-iuh Wheelmen are .en
for their efforts to sup
racing, and should receive the
r lubs.
to to decide who \\ i re
in the final of the one
handicap, amateur. Thty were
THE CALL BICYCLE CHART.
Olympic Club Grounds, Sunday Afternoon, April
16, 1899.
Won By
Second.
■
Time.
Half - mile. Scratch.
Amateur —
First heat
Second heat
Third heat
Fourth heat
FINAL HEAT
H. E. Anthony |
Ben Noonan
E. F. Rurr I
George Tantau
E. 1' Russ !
W. J. Davidson
] Thomas H. White
| Ralph Robison 
Frank Rodolph
George Tantau
A. Siegfried....: 1:13 3-5
H. D. Bean.... 1:12 4-5
I. Tread we 11.... 1 1:09
R. A Coulter.. '1:10 4-5
R. Robison '1:09 4-5
1 ~
A. Siegfrfed(lOO) 2:20 2-:.
A. Smith (75)... 2:14 4-5
H. Bean (70).. .12:18
T. White (55).. 2:28 2-5
__ ;
I. Lawson(scr).|2:2o 1-5
E. Leonart (10). 2:18 1-5
. C. Turville (90).|2:11 3-5
One - mile Handicap,
Amateur —
First heat
Fecond heat
Third heat
FINAL HEAT
J E. F. Russ (scr)
Edward McNess (100)..
A. Davidson (SO)
R. Ri bison (35)
! J. Warren (90)
I T. H. White (55)
R. Robison (35)
' E. McNess (100)
One - mil. Handicap,
Professional-
First heat
Fecond heat
FINAL HEAT
John Chapman (70)
John I.awsnn (70)
John Lawson (70)
Clem Turvillp (90)
Oscar Julius Co)
John Chapman (70) !
Tandem professional p
First heat won by Ha
Fecond heat won by I!
Half-mile foot race,
gess; won by Rurgf
. Time,
ursult race between Lawson-Jullus and Barnaby-Cotter — i
rnaby-Cotter, 5 laps 1:314-5
tarnaby-Cotter, 9V_ laps 12:27 3-5
championship Olympic Club, between O. Klarmar and C. Bur-I
»■ 12:10 2-5
Cat and Dog Cause a Fire.
A cat and dog while enjoying a fore
noon's sportive fit at the residence of
John Mashmer, 353 Hill street, yesterday
morning at 11:30 o'clock, upset a coal oil
stove which was on a table and caused a
fire -which destroyed the entire house and
Its contents. The house, a one-story
frame building, belonged to George Katz
arid was occupied by Mashmer as a dwell
ing. An alarm was turned In from box
237, and by the time the department ar
rived on the scene the fire was beyond any
Bid that could be rendered. The lons
amounted to about; $1500, with no insur
ance.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
f No argument o
f needed when n
? GRAPE-NUTS ;;
• Are served for*
; breakfast. ;
i i
• At Grocers. 9
•-•-• - •-•-• - •-•-• -O-#
A TOOTHSOME NOVELTY.
Th^ food azpert who Invented cjrape-
Nuts, th>- jircdigested food, struck a
public fancy. This novelty has had a
Burpi rapid Bale. Many people
<■■> DOi '^i grains fur breakfast because
they ten poorly prepared, but
Nutß, being thoroughly cooked
and ready for tho table and -with a
charming flavor, appeals to the
judgment and taste of all partic-
ular p<
uk grocers Bell Grape-Nuts.
Mad<> by Poetum Cereal Company,
L'm., Battle Creek, Mich.
finally sifted down to E F. Ruap. Olym
pic; Edward McXess. Olympic, and Ar
thur Davidson, Bay City, winners of the
three heats, and T. H. White, Olympic,
and Ralph Robison, Bay City, seconds In
the two fastest heats. Russ rode from
scratch, McNesa from 10 yards handicap,
Davidson fifty yards. White rtfty-tlve
yards and Roblsun thirty-flve yards.
They were bunched 'in the second lap,
with McNesa in the lead, and after that
the race developed into a loaf until the
llnal sprint. The finish was a beautiful
dash between all five, Robison winning by
inches from McNess, White third, David
son fourth. Russ last. Time, 2:26 2-5. The
Judges had difficulty In placing Davidsou
and White, and many considered David
son entitled to third ]■
The half-mile scratch amateur event
was run in four preliminary beats and a
Anal. H. E. Anthony, Olympic; Ben
Noonan, Bay City; EC. F. Russ and Q
Tantau, Olympic-, were the winners of the
four h«uts. qualifying: for the final. Ralph
Robison, Bay City, and Frank Rodolph,
■ le, by ridinp second in th..- two
fastest heats, also lualitied.
In the linal heal Tantau took the lead
and was soon displaced i y Anthony. Russ
was well up in front, 'and ohaHe n gins
Noonan's sprint on the third lap, :"■■•
to the front and had it out with Tantau
Hnismng i:i thai order.
in \\;'s fourth. The time was 1:09 4-5.
n of < reorgia won the
first heat of the mile I profession
al, from 7" yards handicap. In 2:20 1-5.
Turvllle of Philadelphia (80 yards) was
second, and Ivor l,awton of Sweden
(scratch) third.
Tlv at was won by .T'lhn Law
son, the "Terrible Swede." from 7 1 "* yards,
in 2: is 1-5. Oscar Julius (95), his team
mate, was second, and Eddie I.eonhart of
Buffalo (10) tnird. These six qualified for
the final heat. Leonart fell on the third
lap by his tire coming off, and was out of
ir. In the sprint for home John Lawson
won, chapman second, Turville third.
Time. 2:11 S-6.
The professional tandom pursuit race
was very Interesting. The teams were
Lawson and Ju.ius, of Sweden, against
Barnaby of Boston and Cotter of Seattle.
It was run best two In three heats. start-
In? from opposite sides of the track and
continuing until one team overtook the
other.
Barnaby and Cotter won the first hoat
quite handily after riding a little over five
In 1:31 4-5. They also won the second
n 2::'? 3-5, for a mile and a lap, and
thereby wen the pun
A pursuit race, one mile, between two
"colored gentlemen," Messrs Lightfoot
Scott, afforded considerable ■
talnment It was won by Scott In 2:47 he
having pained a lap on his adversary in
the mile.
The half mile foot race lor the cham
pionship of the Olympic Club, between
Klarman and Burgess was won by the
Striking Features of the Olympic
Cycle Races.
latter In 2:10 2-5 by a rharpin of about five '
yards.
Thi- officials of the meet were: Judge :
Frank H. Kerrigan, referee; John Elliott, I
starter; George K. ixon, annoi;-
James E. Little. E. B. Jerome. A. P
Swain. K. K. Fahrbach, Charles Albert
Adams, judges; George i". uetmore, c ' X
ter, Tony Delmas, John McOlynn,
tirn'-rs, A. J. Menne, J. S. Lewis. Frank
Bush, scorers; W. L. Looa a!>.<l J. F*. Han
cock, clerks; George Meihling and \V. B.
Wegener, marshals.
THE NERO TO SAIL FOR
HONOLULU THIS WEEK
WILL SURVEY ROUTE FOR A
CABLE TO MANILA.
Former Collier Has Been Entirely Re
fitted at Mare Island and Is Now
Taking Coal.
The United States steamer- Nero, for
merly a collier, came clown from Mare
Island yesterday and is now lying- in
Mission Bay taking In coal preparatory
to her departure for Honolulu at the end
of this week. The Nero has been en
tirely refitted and prepared for the work
in which she Is to engage, the explora
tion and survey of a route for a subma
rine cable from Honolulu to Manila.
In addition to two sounding machines
of the latest and most approved type, the
Nero carries four six-pound rapid-lire
guns, a crew of seventy-live men and the I
following officers:
Commander Charles Belknap, commanding;
Lieutenant Commander H. M. Hodges, execu
tive officer; Lieutenant John Hood, navigating
officer; Lieutenant Mabury Johnston. Lieu
tenant J. P. McGuinnoss. Lieutenant James 3.
Koby, Lieutenant Frank E. Ridgeley; Chief
Engineer W. M. Garrison, Assistant Sergeant
F. l:. McCullagh, Assistant Paymaster 11. . X
Insley.
The route between San Francisco and
Honolulu having been thoroughly sur
veyed, the Nero will begrin at Honolulu
and make soundings from there to Che
Island of Luzon or a midway island and
Quam. No soundings have ever been
made over this part of the Paeitir, an.)
the results ol the survey made by the
Nero will be awaited with much interest.
Improvements in Precita Valley".
At the usual weekly meeting of the Pre
clta Valley Improvement Club, among
other business transacted was: A peti
tion to the Supervisors for two storm
water Inlets in Precita avenue, between
York and Alabama streets; for an elec
tric light at tho corner of Alabama street
and Rlpley place, and that sttps be taken
to cause the grading of Bernal Parlc to
bo completed. The club expressed itself
as opposed to the proposed bond issue un
less provision Is made for improvements
in the suburbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
ENTRIES FOR
THE RIG ANNUAL
FIELD CONTESTS
California and Stan
ford Ready.
THIRTY MEN IN EACH TEAM
ORDER OF EVENTS AS THEY
WILL PE RUN SATURDAY.
Field Day at Berkeley Is Expected to
Draw 4000 People, for Whom
Accommodations Have Been
Prepared.
The track team managers of the two
universities met In conference Saturday
night, exchanged lists of entries and ar
ranged the schedule of events for the an
nual intercollegiate field-day, wh.ch will
be held on the cinder track of the Uni
versity of California on Saturday
April 22.
New stands have been erected around
the Berkeley track which will now ar
commodatr 4000 people. The grounds have
been fenced in and everything put in
readiness for the big moot. A special
train will leave the Oakland mole connect
ing With the 1:30 boat. The field day will
promptly at 2:30. The ord.-r of
events as Anally decided is:
100-yard <ia.«h, trial heats; 120-yard hurdle,
trial heat?; one mile run; 100-yard rtash, finals:
120-yard hur.ile, Qnal; 440-yard run; 220-yard
burdle; "ne mile walk; 230-yard da.>-h; SSO-yard
run: 22)-> ;ir! dash, final. Field rvents-Ham
mer throw, liigh Jump, shot i>ut, broad Jump,
ault.
The entries of California for the various
events are: 160-yard dun !: Si:?..rr,,!s. k.
Woolsey, C. Broughton, HerroshofY. 220-yar<l
daah ft. Blmonds, !: Woolsey, C. )l\;i/.. H.
440-yard danli C. Hinz, H. Squires.
ISO-yard run i Moser Warnlc, E. TreXethen,
k. POW ■■:!
le r::;i c M.s.-r. Waraic, B. Trefethen,
E. Kuster, .1. Gustafaen, rt. Powell, I. Allen.
One mile walk \. Walsh, Delaschmutt, O.
Allen 120-yard burdle X Uakowcli, W. B.
Bakowrll, T. Hamlin, .!. D. Hoffmann. 230-yard
hurdlr B Bakewell, T. Hammonil, Warn: ■
Field events: Hit'h Jump— J. D. Hoffmann,
R. Woolsey, E. Bakewell, Powell. Polo vault—
•I D. Hoffmann. Zcderman. riroaii Junij' C,
Broughton, it. Slmonds, K. Hussey, it. Bervlce,
Sh.'t put 1.. Woolsey, F. Greieberg, A. I'law,
Clay. Hammor throw a. F. Qrelsberg, a.
Plaw, N. Albertsen, W. W. Pmlth.
The Stanford team will he represented
by the following athWes: E. W. Smith,
C. Dole, C. A. Cant well, A. Stewart, K.
Strouf, J. C. Trail. V. D. Lousley. B. C.
Oilman, K. K. Culver. R Hopper. H. Big
gies. E. S. Williams. B. Adams. V. Birch.
<",. Parker, B. M. Clinton, F. H. Wright,
C. w. Cairns, K. Fisher, I. Oilman, C.
Murphy, R. Arnold, A. Geisler, A. N.
Bard, J. T. Norse. 1,. Bauman.
CRUISES ARE AT HAND
California and Corinthian Yachtsmen
Will Open Season Next Saturday.
On Saturday, April 22. the Corinthians
will celebrate the opening: of the season
at Tiburon. In the afternoon there will
bi> a reception, with music and dancing,
for ladies, the following being the recep
tion committee: Commodore Carl W<st
erfeiil, Port Captain J. 11. Keefe, Vice
Commodore W. H. Toepke, E. F. Sagar,
A. I. Lyons, Treasurer C. L. ]::irr<tt and
Becretary T. L. Miller. The floor com
mittee consists of E. S. Emmons, floor
manager; T. W. Ransome, K. R. l'Hom
medieu, w. H. Feldman, w. s. <;rover,
J. S. Mattoon and P. W. Hurndall. After
the arrival of the, 6:30 p. m. boat from
San Francisco there will be a supper for
the yachtsmen, prepared under the su
perintendence of I'ort Captain J. H.
Keefe. The supper will be followed by a
programme got up by the jinks commit
tee, and "up to that time carefully kept
on Ice In view of Its temperature." The
iinks fimmittee 1b composed of J. V.
O'Brien, E. F. Sagar. Walter Howe, Wal
ter Crowell. H. l>. Hawkes and T. J. Kav
anaugh. The space afforded by the club
house being limited, none but members
have or can he invited, and those entitii-d
to odmlßSion will be furnished with a
badge, which is to be conspicuously worn.
During the afternoon the yachts anchored
In front of the clubhouse will have all
their bunting Hying. Each guest will le
ceive aa a souvenir of the opening of the
season of 18<<9 a handsome programme,
containing a picture of the club by J,. H.
Chapman, the lirat vice commodore and
the second commodore, portraits of past
commodores and of. tjie present board ot
directors and half-tone engravings of the
clubhouse and of several of the yachts.
Next (lav there will be a cruise, in which
tli" California YachfClub, under ihe com
mand of commodore Allen M. Clay, will
participate.
The California Yacht Club will plso hold
its opening ceremonies on Saturday, April
22; but. owing to the narrow limits of tho
clubhouse only members can be ai'-nltteii
In the evening. The following opening
day committees were appointed at the
last meeting of the directors. Entertain
ment committee— Hannifin, Homer, Wal
ter and Miller; house committee—Sher
man, chairman; Lancaster, Kaufner,
Ruggles and Wakeman; finance commit
tee—Sherman and Homer; catering com
mittee—Walter, Turn Suden and Tarn
berg: committee on transportation of
• members— A. K. Glbbs; marshals— Clark
and Sherry.
The California Yacht Club took In thir
j teen new members at its quarterly meet
; Vng, and has doubleu its list of active
members since January 1.
The Encinal Yacht lub has rebuilt the
I annex which was destroyed by fire, not,
| however, on the former site, but as an
j addition . to the main clubhouse. The
| shingles are on, but the bowling alley la
! not completed.
Sunday's Handball Play.
The games were numerous and well con
teatd nt Phil Ryan's handball court, SSS
I Howard street, yesterday afternoon. In
' the eleven bouts contested In which there
were double entries the results are as fol-
Iowp:
W. Ilßssell and I). Clements defeated T.
Clements and A. Hanpen. Score. 21-12. 16-21.
21-IS.
J. Powllng and J. Collins defeated M. Ma
jrulro and M. McClure. BeoM, 21-9. 11-21, 21-13.
]i. Collins and W. Barnes defeated J. Oaks
and ,T. Lndd. Score, 21-18, 13-21. 21-8.
J. U. l*')ckman and D. J. Sheehan defeated
E. MrDonough and K. Lynch. Score. 21-17,
10-21, 21-14.
A. McVlcker and J. Condon defeated G.
Smith and T. Lydon. Score. 21-11. IS-21. 21-12.
W. Fisher and W. Hassell defeated M. Basch
and 1!. dements. Score 21-19. 10-21. 21-13.
J. Collins and E. Curley defeated E. Toy and
M. McClurr. Score. 21-9, 16-21, 21-JO.
It. Dillon and G. Hutchinson defeated P.
Hutchlnson and R. Housman. Score, 21-17,
11-21. 21-18.
A. AVhlteman and J. McGlnty defeated B.
White and T. Serres. Score, 21-14. 7-21. 21-19.
A. Hampton and J. Harlow defeated J. C.
Kealon and E. Maloney. Score. 21-19, 17-21,
21-10.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
Closing Meeting of the California
Jockey Clvb — A Fairly Attrac- '
tive Card.
Th<» California Jockey Club will take com
mand of the racing situation at Oakland thla
afternoon for Its final meeting of the raring
i s^a.«r.n. The card, comprised for the most part
| of sellinK event*, is above the average. The
, entries are as follows:
First Race — Futurity course; throe-year-olds ;
selling.
K6 Alaria 117 962 Sidelong 11»
9T4 Watossa .119 962 Festoso 122
9T_' I.lmatus 107 926 Anchored 122
f.l Felkite 107 934 Racebud 117
9Sfl Lothian 109 962 Romany 119
--934 The Miller 119 890 Gold Baron 109
!'-;:' Yaruba lltfi &41 Strombolita 107
941 Purniuh 109
Semnd Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
maUlrns.
... 1.. H. McQulrterllJ 940 Galene 110
f'76 Bir Horn 113 980 Pldalla H<>
976 Rose Queen 110 !>7« The Buffoon 110
PR2 Aborigine 1 10 97(5 Champion Rose. llo
970 N><l Denniß HO! 963 Candlelight 11. ..113
980 Artilla. lli)i _ Tne Scot 110
927 C.ltspnndo UV 964 Moana 110
■X. !• Tres Jolie 113 981 Bamboulia 113
Third Race— One and a sixteenth mile 6; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
942 Annowan 96 857 Red Glenn 113
952 Roadrunner 115 952 The Fretter 96
960 Hohensollera ...115 952 Castake 108
967 Faversham '.■<', 97r, Mcl'arlane 112
960 Re Happy 100 952 Tom Calvert 111
M 0 Clon Anne 106 (9S2)Potente 108
(975)Einstetn 10S 982 Jennie Reid 91
952 Sir Urlan M
Fourth Rare— One nnd an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
9R7 Topmast 114 (976) David Tenny 111
906 Imp. Mistral 11.103 i 935 Daisy F 93
937 Cromwell 102 '
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: purse.
944 Meadow Lark. ..lll SRS Rainier 107
90S Earl <'ochran...lH 925 Recreation 116
97J Cleodora 95 S?6 Polish 119
Ml Paul Kruger....m 853 Mercutio 114
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olda and
upward ; selling.
829 Cabrtllo no: 9."n Rosalhra 115
974 Socialist 107 952 Benamela 107
■M I Don't Know... 112 j P74 Guilder 113
975 Rosemald lOSI SO". Judge Stouffer..lo7
PfiS I>on Oara 110' 851 Jim Rro\vnell...llO
H^r. Aluminum 107 932 Kamsin WT
897 Alicia V>s' &84 Bueno #107
9G6 Major Cook 107
Bicyclists Sustain Injuries.
Two bicyclists were treated last night
at the City Receiving Hospital by Dr.
Snmprs. David Frankle. residing at 317
(iongh streot. wjis thrown off his wheel
in collision with another cyclist on Gold
en <;ate avenue and sustained a fracture
of tho right shoulder blade. Herbert
Rodger?, of I!<S2 Kills street, while riding
• ■ Olympic Club track, took a header
from his wheel with the result that his
left shoulder blade was fractured.
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Romany, Alaria, The Miller.
Second Race — Ned Dennis, Galene, Rose
Queen.
I Third Race— Potente, Jennie Reid, The Fret
; tor.
Fourth — David Tenny, Cromwell, Top
mast.
Fifth Race— Recreation, Polish, Meadow-
Lark.
Sixth Race— Guilder, Judge Stouffer, Kamsln.'
.-•«
WHISKY AND A CHILD.
Little Robert Taylor Nearly a /ictim
of Alcoholic Poisoning.
A pint of whisky nearly caused the
death of little Robert Taylor yesterday
afternoon. The lad, who is about 5
yean of age and who resides at 238
Buena Vista tßernal Heights), dis
■ • • ■<] a bottle of the intoxicant about
the house, and proceeded to stow it away
with the avidity of a water-front lush.
! About an hour afterward he sta^^ered
into a room where his parents were and
; announced that he was drunk. At first
i they thought him to be joking, but an
investigation which resulted in the find
ing of the empty flask disclosed the truth,
and he was immediately given an ■"netic.
Dr. W. R. Scroggs was sent for, but
when he arrived the child was uncon
scious and in a precarious condition. The
physician, after administering available
remedies, called an ambulance and the lit
tle sufferer was taken to the City and
County Hospital. His pulsation dropped
! from nearly 150 to almost nothing, and
for a time his life was despaired of. He
remained unconscious until late last
night, when the doctors announced that
he was slowly recovering.
■ ♦ »
RESHIPPING TEA.
Duties on the Fragrant Hevb Are Be
ing Paid at This Port Under a
New System.
Since Congress Imposed a duty of 10
cents per pound upon tea, up to April 1,
1599, there have been collected at the port
of San Francisco $851.61160 duties on the I
fragrant herb. Outside of the addition ;
to the receipts at the San Francisco Cus
tom-house the import duty on tea has
benefited the commerce of San Francisco
in another way. Heretofore it has been
the custom for importers of tea designed
for sale and consumption outside of Cali
fornia to ship to New York, pay the duty
there and reship to St. Louis. Kansas \
City, Chicago, Denver and other markets. I
This custom is being abandoned and im
porters are adopting: the practice of pay
ing the duty at this port and shipping
direct to the Eastern markets from San
■ Francisco.
■ Thus, instead of shipping to New York '.
I and going to the additional and unnec
| essary expense of reshipping back to St.
Louis or Denver, the. tea is left here in
the warehouse and shipped whenever
needed.
■» ♦ ■
EPPERSON AN EX-CONVICT.
Diamond Thief Served a Long Term
in San Quentin Prison.
W. C. Epperson, the diamond thief who
is held at the City Prison for his ex
ploits in the jewelry stores of W. C.
Tabor and S. Schwarz, was positively
identified last night as an ex-convict and
old hand in his particular line. Detec
tive Hodgkins of Oakland called at the
prison and identified Epperson as "War
ren Wilson, who served six months in 1897
in the Santa Clara County Prison for a
similar offense. After his time was up
Epperson, alias Wilson, went to Oakland
and trWl his arts on a jewelry store at
that place. lie was arrested and con
victed of grand larceny and on March
17, IR9B, was sentenced to fifteen months'
imprisonment at San Quentin.
On the 2d of this month Epperson, or
Wilson, was released from prison, and
the very next day was in' this city at his
old tricks. He had a short shrift, how
ever, and the indications point to a long
return trip for him to State's Prison.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh ft., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ncean.
F. W. Johnson Arrested.
F. W. Johnson has been booked at
the Seventeenth-street station on a
warrant sworn out by T. P. Cullen of
Redwood City, who charged him with
grand larceny. It appears that Johnson,
who was engaged In the hay and grain
business, had a carload of grain consigned
to him from Cullen. Having disposed of
the grain, which was valued at $1993, he
failed, so Cullen alleges, to account for
the proceeds; hence the warrant for his
arrest. His bail was fixed by Judge Gra
ham at J2500.
"99" Cleveland blcycleij, $40 and $50: "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavltt & Bill, 809 Larkin.*
HARTMAN LOSES
THE GAME AND
HIS SITUATION
Harris* Men Are De
feated Again.
A PAIR OF COSTLY ERRORS
SANTA CRUZ TAKES ANOTHER
GAME FROM SACRAMENTO.
Oakland Goes Up Against the Real
Thing at San Jose and Dis
aster Marks the Out
come.
Young Mr. Hartman lost the frame for
Hank Harris at Recreation Park yester
day afternoon, and simultaneously he lost
his Job with that Industrious but unfor
tunate aggregation. Mr. Hartman wan
dered away from the Siwash reservation
at Seattle with nine other talented and
ambitious exponents of the national game
1 and eventually brought up in this city.
After several spasmodic attempts to lure
pork and beans money from an indifferent
public, the wanderers temporarily aban
doned the diamond and set up house
keeping in a vacant woodshed at North
Beach. Their Bufferings through the
rainy season are of too recent date to
I need repeating now; but with the bud
fling spring came new contracts and
they speedily forget their sorrows.
Hartman's backstop work with the Se
attles had made so favorable an Impres
sion with I'nclf- Hank that when thi> looal
baseball impressario began his search f<>r
talent at the beginning of the season the
catcher was one of the first to be given a
job.
But yesterday's game saw his finish—
; with the local team, at any rate— for two
| Algeric blunders in the fourth, which gave
' the Watsonville team two runs and the
game, were too much for Harris to for
j give and forget. From the beginning of
the game Hartman had manifested cvi
! dence of eccentricity, particularly in
throwing to bases; but in the fourth inn
ing he sealed his doom. Harper opened
with a single to left, and was followed by
Franks, who wns safe on Riley's error,
Harper going to second. McCarthy went
to bat, and the first ball pitched got away
from Hartman, permitting both base
runners to advance a notch. Harris
called Sullivan in to catch, sending l'yne
to first and Hartman to center. Mc-
Carthy lifted the hall high In the air,
and Hartman waited for It tn come down.
When it did it struck his hands fairly and
bounced out again, letting Harper and
Franks home. Hartman ■jyas called to
the bench. Fitzpatrick taking his place
in the field. Uncle talked to the young
man more in sorrow than In anger, tell
ing him that he might be all right for Se
attle and the Northwest league, but Cal
ifornia had advanced beyond the game of
1870; he might catch cold or a streetcar,
but he couldn't catch for the San Fran
cisco team. Hartman shed his uniform
and a few tears and sallied forth to look
for another job. With "Tacks" Parrott
and his doughnut-wooing cornet on the
other side of the continent, the world
looks dark to the unhappy Hartman just
now. But such Is the fortune of base
ball.
Yesterday's game also brought woe to
another youth. Lawler, who hns been
making a bluff at covering right field for
Watsonville, satisfied Manage Streuo
that he was out of his fitment, bo last
night he received his discharge. What
I.awler needs is a billet with an under
taker; baseball is too rapid for his phleg
matic disposition. Streub will play his
change pitcher in right until Harden gets
into condition, and then he will have hlB
team complete.
Notwithstanding these two unhappy oc
currences the game was replete with epi
sode and kept the 6000 spectators shouting
from start to finish. Pretty playß abound
ed in bewildering profusion, and while the
crowd showed more loyalty to the home
team than has been the case in past sea
sons, the good work of the visitors was
generously applauded. The star play of
the day was made by Franks in the fifth
inning, when he made a Jerry Denny left
handed pickup of Hllderbrandt's scorcher
and fielded the batsman out at first before
Hilderbrandt could get a dozen feet on
his journey.
Iberg and Harper were the opposing
twirlers, and the beet-sugar man had the
better of the argument. He -was more
successful in preventing hits when hits
were needed, struck out the same number
of men as the other and besides was
steadier. In addition, he was accorded
much better support, and therein lies the
secret of the victory. The San Franciscos
ordinarily are terrific hitters, but when |
they go up against such a pitcher as Har
per their slugging abilities will not offset
their own bungles. Four errors aside from
Hartman's brace of misdeeds had some
bearing on the score. But there is one
thing about them the public admires, and
that is they go for everything in sight, no
matter how difficult it is to reach.
The bitterness of defeat is sweetened In
a measure, however, by the consoling re
flection that Sacramento having dropped
two games to the lobsters, all the teams
are bunched.
San Francisco got a hit but no runs in
the first inning, while Watsonville set
tled down to accumulating tallies right at
the outset. Franks, the first man up, tore
off a double, went to third on King's error
of McCarthy's drive to Riley, whereby
Josh attempted to field Franks out.
Courtney's single sent the runner home,
but McCarthy, who also attempted to
score on the hit. was nipped at the plate
by Mullrr, who made a great throw home.
Selna was given his base, but Flake was
assisted out at first by Riley.
The second inning brought another run
to Watsonville. Hayes opened with a
single, was sacrificed to second by 1/aw
ler, went to third on Harper's long fly to
Pyne and scored on Franks' single.
Another notch was cut in the stick in
the third, when with one out Selna
plucked a single, stole second, was ad
vanced to third on Riley's error of Mor
row's grounder and scored on a wild pitch
by I berg.
Frisco awakened to a resilization of its
perilous position in the fourth. Riley and
Krug led off with singles and Sullivan
was «iven a pass, filling the bases. Hil
derbrandt flew to Plake and then Muller
drove a grounder to the same man. Riley
made a dash for the plate and scored,
while Plake threw Sullivan out to Mc-
Carthy at second. Krug also got the ball
to the plate ahead of him, completing a
beautiful double play and retiring the side
with one run.
Then came the double disaster to Hart
man and the Frisco team. That ended the
run-getting for Watsonville. but the
locals took one in the sixth and another
in the seventh. John Patrick Parnell
Whltewings Cahill made his debut as an
umpire and filled the position most ac
ceptably. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. c. f. & 1 b.... 3 1117 0 0
Riley, 3 b * 1 1 0 1 4 1
Krug, s. s 4 0 2 0 2 12
Sullivan, 1 b & c... 3 0 10 4 2 0
Hiirterbrandt, r. f... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Muller, 1. f 4 110 3 10
ONeil, 2 b 4 0 1 0 2 X 0
Hartman, c. & c. 1.. 1 0 0 0 3 0 2
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 1
Fltzpatrlck, c. f 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Totals 33 3 8 1 24 14 6
"WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks, 3 b 5 2 2 0 0 10
McCarthy, s. s 4 0 0 113 1
Courtney, c. t 4 0 2 0 4 0 0
Selna. 1 b 3 1118 10
Plake, 2 b 4 0 10 3 10
Morrow, c 4 0 0 15 0 0
Hayes. 1. f .-•■"« 12 2 3 0 0
Lawler. r. f 17. I 0 0 0 2 0 0
Harper, r 4 12 0 13 0
Totals 34 5 10 5 27 9 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 00 101100— 3
Base hits 1 00202300—8
Watsonville 1 1120 000 •— 5
Base hits 2 2 12 10 0 2 •— lO
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lberg. 1; Harper, 2.
Two-base hit?— Franks, Muller, Sullivan. Sac
rifice hits— Pyne, Lawler. First base on errors
—San Francisco, l! Watßnnvllle. 0. First base
on called balls— San Fanclsco, 1; Watsonville,
". Left on bases— San Francisco, S; Watson
villp, 7. Struck out— By Iberg, 4; by Harper, 4.
Double play— Plake to McCarthy tn Morrow".
Passed ball— Morrow. Wild pitch— lh<=rg. Time
of game— l:4s. Umpire— Cahill. Official scorer
— Stapleton. _
Senators Again Defeated.
SANTA CRUZ, April 16.— A big crowd
witnessed the disastrous defeat of Sac
ramento this afternoon by the Beach
combers. Not until the eighth inning was
Sacramento able to reach third base.
• Beckwith made his first appearance on
this toast as a pitcher and for several
innings was unmercifully batted. Santa
Cruz put up a great game, making phe
nomenal stops and doing terrific batting.
Donlin and Clark each made a three-bag
ger. Pace got four hits off Beckwith.
Among the star plays were sensational
i catches by Streib and Cameron. The
I score:
SANTA CRI'Z.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
i Williams, 2 b 4 1 0 1 6 0 1
i I.mnlin, r. f 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
i levere&nx, 3 b 4 2 0 0 2 3 0
■ Pace, c 5 14 14 10
! dark. 1 b 5 1115 0 0
! Streib. 1. f 4 112 2 0 0
j Cameron, p. f 4 0 1 1 4 1 0
Arrellanes, s. s 4 110 2 5 2
Bate*, p 4120120
Totals 3S 9 12 6 27 12 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
i Peeples, 3 b 4 0 10 0 0 1
i Doyle, c. f 5 1 1 0 1 0 0
Stanley, c 5 10 0 9 2 0
I Shanahan. 1 b 4 0 0 1 10 0 1
, Btul*. 2 b 4 0 10 2 3 1
Walker. 1. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Sheehan. s. s 2 0 0 0 4 2 0
Rice. r. f 4 110 0 10
Bcckwith, p 4 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 36 3 7 1 27 10 3
RCNS BY INNINGS.
! Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 I—3
P,a»e hits 0 01011112—7
I Santa Cruz 4 4 0 0 10 0 0 o—9
! Base hits 3 4 1112 0 0 o—l2
SUMMARY.
Three-bane hit— Donlin. Two-base hits— Clark.
i Arrellanes>. Balsz, Walker. Left on bases —
: Santa Cruz 7, Sacramento 8. Hasps on errors—
I Santa Cruz 3. Double plays— Cameron to Ar
lellanec Stulz to Shanahan. Left on bases—
! Santa Cruz 7, Sacramento 8. Hit by pitcher —
Streib, Sheehan. Struck out — By Balsz S, by
Beckwith 8. Passed balls— Pace 1, Stanley 1.
Bason on l>alls— Santa Cruz 4. Sacramento 3.
Time of game— One hour and 30 minutes. I'ni
plre—Dave Levy. Official scorer— H. Flleaig.
Gardeners Victorious.
SAN JOSE. April 16.— San Jose won from
Oakland to-day by a score of 10 to 1. The
Gardeners had the San Pipers going from
the start, and though the latter had nu
j merous opportunities to score the visitors
j failed to take advantage of them. The
score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A E.
McGucken. C. f 4 3 2 14 0 0
Klelber, s. 8 5 2 2 2 3 4 0
I Anderson, 2 b 4 110 3 '2 0
! Dalrymple. 1. t 6 1 I 3 i 0 0
Hanlon, 1 b 5 0 1 1 12 0 0
Foley, r. t 3 2 0 4 0 11
Eagran. 3 b 5 0 113 7 0
Borchers, p 4 11 0 0 0 0
Kent, c 3OOOiio
Totals 38 10 9 11 27 15 "1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A v
Mosklman, 0. f 5 0 2 02 on
Schmeer, s. s 5 0 1 0 1 ? -i
Lan(?e. 3 b 4 0 3 2 0 1 n
Murphy. 1 b 3 0 1 1 14 I °
Hammond. 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 1 ?
1 Borland, 1 t 4 0 0 0 2 0 I
Hardle. r. f 4 0 1 0 0 1 I
J. Shea, p 4 1 21 2 10 2
D. Shea, c < 0 1 1 3.« I
Totals ...36 7 il 7 27 18 7
RUNS BY INNINGS.
°*"™U "•••••••• 1000 I 0 0 o- 9 i
Base nits 1 2 2 1112 0 1-11
i X I 1 £ U I—ll
_________^ ADVEBTISEMENTB.
i Cured of Rheumatism. I
® ®
♦ ♦
X JHL M Electrfc Belt has cured 2,000 cases of Rheu- I
*■ wEm matism during the past yiar. Are you afflicted? If so >
® tr y this remed y. which has proven its power. It cures ®
X _s^S^ and cures ' for good - lt will st °P >' our Pain in a few +
! -Mk^ hours.
'I lm#lll ." V( l Ur ? e n CUr f d me of Rheumatism in three ®
® i|H| week *, last fa^' and J have not had a touch ot it ♦
I lH| 1 March 6 W V899 a y> Piedmont aye "' Oakland . I
I A P 0 ! 1 ' 1 suffer any more - Call and see this Beit •♦
I Mttosm f r n free power> or iet me send you my book about ®
I ipiSliilll „P! ~» *r BOOK . I
4- Or 204% South Broadway. Los Angeles. Tf *KEE CLASSES OF MEN," "♦"
® Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. it 105 Man e-»b-p V
.$- 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES ' 19 MAILED FREE, +
®; . . ... • ' ■■'+.
SUMMARY.,
Three-base hU-Hardie^Twob^ hits-An
derson. McGucken 2 Sac ri Archers. Murphy.
Kleiber. Schmeer Eagan _n Base 9
Kent. First base on errors ._u £ Struck out
Umpire— O'Connell.
Bakersfleld Defeats Fresno.
FRESNO. April 16.— Fully 1200 peoria
witnessed the opening of the baseballsea
son in Fresno to-day. in ? hotly contestett
same between Fresno and Bakersfleld. the
latter team winning by a score of 11 to 10.
Both railroads made special rates .from
Bakersfield and fully ™^ p ]? 1 Jg tt &££
from that place, headed by a brass band.
The Fresno team had the tuy
brass band on the grounds. Runs by in
Pak^neld 0 S?H!v«
BakeVsneid-Base'hits ft. rr , rors r : " n,/"?,^
Base hits 10. errors 5. Batteries-Fresno Mon
roe and Brown; Bakcrefleld. Burges. dibhu.
Miller and Phelps. -
For a Silver Cup.
The game of baseball played between
the Fearless and Sloyd clubs for a silver
cup presented by the Columbia i*arK
Boys' Club was won by the Fearless by a
score of 22 to 19. The feature of tne
game was the home run made b> W.
Healey of theSloyds.
IMMENSE CROWDS
AT THE BALL GAMES
Eighteen Thousand Fans See the St.
Louis Team Defeat the
Clevelands.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STAXDINQ.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ; riubs- W.L. Pet.
Chicago 3 0 1000 , Louisville ... 0 1 .C™>
Bt. Louis.... 2 0 MOO'New Y-rk.-.O 1 -000
Philadelphia 2 0 1000 I Brooklyn ... 0 1 -0W
Pittsburg ... 1 0 1001) Washington. 0 2 .000
Baltimore ..1 0 1000 Cleveland ...0 2 .000
Boston 1 0 1000 Cincinnati ..0 2 .000
ST. LOUIS. April 16.— Eighteen thousand
fans to-day saw the new St. Louis team wal
lop the Cleveland 3 for the second time this
season. The game was close throughout, and,
until the sixth inning, when the home team
gained a leci! Oi five runs, the score was a
tie. \Va;!?.:t's home run was a feature of tha
game. Score:
Clube- R- H. B.
St. Louis « I I
Cleveland 5 " ■
Batteries— Powell and Crlger: Carsey and
Sugden. Umpires— O' Day and Brennan.
CINCINNATI. April 16.— Jack Taylor I wm
very wild to-day, while Jack Taylor II was
steady and effective, and this, together with
very stupid ball .playing, explains the defeat
of the Reds. Attendance 13,400. Score:
Clubs— R. «. E.
Cincinnati ♦ ° *
Chicago 8 9 -» l
Batteries— Taylor and Pettz; Taylor and Don
ohue. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
AMATELE ATHLETES.
Pacific Association Assumes Juris
diction Over Rowing on This
Coast.
There was a large attendance of dele
gates at the meeting of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union
on Friday. An animated discussion arose
when the proposed amendment to the
constitution of the association whereby
the association assumes control of row-
Ing, football, in-dnor and out-door base
ball, came up for acceptance or rejection.
Though the A. A. U. does not control
these sports, the Pacific Association de
cided to assume jurisdiction over them on
this coast. H. A. Keeler. George James
and H. Hauser were appointed a commit
tee to get the constitution and by-laws
printed. The presence of John I. Nolan
as a representative of the Ariel Rowing
Club being objected to on the ground
that each club is entitled to only one rep
resentative, and President J. R. Bockman
is the Ariel delpgate. it was decided that
John I. Nolan is not entitled to recogni
tion on the board of managers of tn«
P. A. A.
TO WORK WITH THE
CITY OFFICIALS
PLANS OF THE MEKCHANTS'
ASSOCIATION.
Thirteen Committees to Keep in
Touch With All Municipal Busi
ness — The Annual Meeting.
At the regular meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
the following were elected as regular
members of the association: B. Beer &
Co., M. Friedman & Co., F. Gutzkow, the
Liverpool and London and Globe Insur
ance Company and Occidental Art Leath
er Company.
The board discussed the best plan for
undertaking the work of passing upon the
various needs of the city and the next
tax levy, as requested by the Board of
Supervisors. It was decided to appoint
thirteen standing committees upon the
different departments of the city govern
ment. Each committee will consist of
five members and one of the directors of
the association will act upon each com
mittee. The other members of the com
mittees will be selected from the member
ship of the association or at large from
the citizens of the city. The following
are the committees as created, with the
name of the director assigned to each,
leaving the other four members of each
committee to be appointed:
School Department, W. R. Sherwood; Polica
Department. Hugo D. Kell; Fire Department,
Jnspph 11. Grant; Street Department, John E.
Quinn; Health Department, Hugo Rothschild;
legislative and executive departments, Rolla
V. Watt; judicial department, Charles Bund
schu; narks and public grounds. Frank J.
Pymmes; public buildings and public institu
tions, D. V. Kelly; library and reading: rooms.
Qcorge Liebee; gas and electric light, Marshal
Hale; water and water supply, Wallace Brad
ford; miscellaneous, Joseph Britton.
Frequent meetings of these committees
will be held and publicly announced so
that improvement clubs and associations
or citizens generally will have ample op
portunity to present their petitions and
arguments for improvements or make
such recommendations as they may wish.
The committees will confer with public
officials and others as to the actual re
quirements of the various departments of
the city government. Statutory expendi
tures fixed by law will be recommended
to be segregated from those of a flexible
nature and unnecessary expenditures
eliminated. It is understood that the
work will be thorough and exhaustive and
the conclusions of value to the city and
to the authorities in fixing- the next tax
levy.
The board determined to hold the an
nual meeting of the association on Mon
day evening. May 22. 1899. At this meet
ing the next board of directors for the
ensuing year will be elected and the an
nual report of the retiring- board will be
submitted. Complaints relative to tele
phone, service will be considered after
the work already laid out is under way
The Queen's will is engrossed on vellum
quarto size, and is bound as a volume
and secured by a private lock.THERON WON
THE STAKE
YESTERDAY
The Bettors Broke
Even.
GOLDEN RUSSET SECOND
JESSAMY FURNISHED THE FUN
FOR THE CROWD.
Mary Ann Captured the Puppy Stake
and Was the Idol of the Pikers.
She Introduced Them to
Colonel Mazuma.
"Oh, you Theron," was the cry that
went up In the finals as the brown and
white (lor forxtil away, passed GoMt-n
I won the open stake at I
I';irk yesterday. Golden Russet s-huuld
have won the stake as a reward for his
r, as this Is tho second time this
month that the dog has contested in the
I'mals and could do no better than b
the short end of the purse. But this Is
the fortune of war, and i: the courses
were a sure thing before the hounds were
I ■■■ ' ■ would the sport be?
The day was an even one for the bet
ting public, as fortune smiled on ..he
enden on tw< ■ lions, the
longest shot throughout how
ever, being Shylock Boy I ated
le Wilson In tne third round of the
■
Lips also • the
'"pikers" by winning In the same round by
rig the flag from McComb's bitch,
ran well ull day; In fact,
she did t sprinting, as after
course her owner, Thompson, had
tie field to get her
.• nnels.
The puppy stake was w in by Mary Ann.
It is . whether the company she
with was ■ t her plebeian
or if the talent overlooked her;
•very occasion on the
.
... iter with a world
was the runner-up. The results
of the (.lay wer ws:
Open stake, second round— Pasha Kennels'
Emln Pasha beat John Kazan's Mayflower;
Yosemlte Kennels 1 Beauty Spot beat Handy &
Smith's Ida; W. F. Hobbs 1 Mercy May beat J.
O'Shea's Young America; James Dean's Con
neraara beat T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle; F.
Moran's False Flatterer beat Lord & Herbst'i
Revolver: E. M. KeltogK's Kid McCoy beat J.
Byrne's Eleven Spot; Kin con Kennels' Swedish
beat J. Byrnes' Battleship; Lowe & Thomp
son's Jessamy beat George H. Burfelnd's Pas
time; O. J. Panarlo's Highflyer beat Erwln &
Lyons' Silver Lyon; Lowe & Thompson's High
Rum Lady beat J. McNelll's Sportsman . D.
J. Healey'a Rusty Gold beat Kay & Tram's
Eclipse; H. Lynch's Lottie M. beat Pasha
Kennels' Metallic; F. Mora*'- Golden Russet
beat J. P. Farley's Mystic; Dennis & Porter's
Interesting beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; F.
A. McCotnb'B Motto b<>at J. J. Edmonds"
Morning Glory; J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips beat
J. Byrne's Seminole; Dally & Srebein's Shy
lock Boy beat Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson;
11. A. Deckelrnan's Lawrence beat Pasha Ken
nels' Miller's Rabble; J. P. Thrift's Brutus
beat Yosemlte Kennels' Lamplighter; George
Whitney's Theron beat A. L. Austin's Trin
ket; E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmore beat Ed
Wilson's Magnet; Lowe & Thompson's St.
Oran beat H. Hansen's L. S. Conley; J. K%>
an's Fear Not beat J. P. Thrift's Forget; Han
dy & Smith's Victor beat C. F. Brown's Nida.
Third round— Beauty Spot beat Emln Pasha;
Connemara beat Mercy May; False Flatterer
beat Kid McCoy; Jessamy beat Swedish; High
Born Lady beat High Flyer: Lottie M beat
Ru?ty Gold; Golden Russet beat Interesting;
Sweet Llpn beat Motto; Lawrence beat Shy
lock Boy: Theron beat Brutus; St. Oran beat
Lady Gilmore; Victor beat Fear Not.
Fourth round— Spot beat Connemara;
Jensamy beat False Flatterer; Lottie M beat
High Born Lady; Golden Russet beat Sweet
Lips; Theron beat Lawrence; Victor ran a bye
on account oC St. Oran being withdrawn.
Fifth round — Je.sFamy beat Beauty Spot;
-Golden Russet beat Lottie M; Theron beat
'Victor.
Rusiet beat Jessamy;
Final — Theron beat Golden Russet.
Puppy stake, third round— Black Diamond
}>nat Minn Pleasant; Master Lawrence beat St.
Elmo; Mary Ann ran a bye. v - •
Fourth round— Mary Ann beat Black Dia
mond: Master Lawrence ran a bye.
Final— Mary Ann beat Master Lawrence.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
STOCKTON. April 16.— Results at the
f the San Joaquln Coursing Club
■
Magi Maiden; Swlnnerton beat Iron
Id J>f-at Alice Rix, Prince of
■ Oakgrove; Charming May
• na beat Ren ! : idl wl»t ran
■Alth Fireman: lu-s^-.t- U beat Wild Zip;
- Peter M ran a bye with
Not; Tip tied with K'.iiin Adair:
Ith Alma.
Firet ties— Macnesla boat Swinnerton; Prince
nf Fashion beat K<>d Cloud; Montana beat
Charming May; Hadlwlst beat Bessie M; Peter
M b»at Domino; Alma beat Tip.
Second lies— Magnesia beat Prince of Fash-
Inn; Hadiwist beat Montana;' Alma beat
l(t»r M.
Third tlea ■ ■ Magnesia; Alma a
ey. Hadiwlst beat Alma; second,
Alma; third, Magnesia; fourth, Peter M; fifth'
• ■•:. Prince
Puppy stake— Mai<) Adrim beat Pearl C
Olympia beat Village Boy: Lizzie M beat Lucy
(5; Jill beat Lady Gray: Village Belle beat
Knur bud: Tiny H beat Mlnnehaha.
Pint tie*- Olympla beml Maid Adrim: I-»izzi»
M heat Jill; Village Hell" t">ul Tiny H.
es— Olympla boat Lizzie M; Village
Final- First mon»y, Olympla beat Village
• !, Villa** Bolle.
Result? at Stockton Coursing Club Park
this afternoon:
Puppy •ike— 00-Bye beat Shamrock: Kitty
Campy heat Alice 8; Lily U beat Lady Hurft.
First ties— Kitty Carney beat Go-Bye; Lily D
a bye.
D t*>nt Kitty Carney.
n. f.rrt money- Kitt<- Carney, i
Twenty-eight dog ("take— Riot Art beat Ana
conda: .lark of Spades ran a bye with El Capi
tan; White Diamond beat Roger H: Major Do
pjo boat Hilly H; Arno beat Rich and Artless;
I-odi Maid boat Yellow Kid; Blue Boy beat
Gypsy yueen; Ray State beat Yellowstone:
Miss Kkyball beat Little Hope; Victor Chief
bent Buffalo Belle; Beauty beat Persimmon;
I^ady Zelda beat Cascadel; Hazel Dell beat
Haz<»l Glen; I'ocahontas beat Janet.
First tles— Jack of Spades beat Riot Act;
■\Vhite I>l<4mond beat Major Domo; Arno beat
Ixjdi Maiden; Blue Boy beat Hay State; Vic
GBAPE-NXJTS.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
S Fee! Well
S Fed i
j All day when
you eat
Grape-Nuts. ■
j FACT!
Try the New Food. ■
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBUl!
Delicious Food One of Life's
Pleasures.
When the breakfast "sets" well and
Is of the right character for nourishing
the body you know It all day.
one can do business when well and
properly fed.
firape-Nuts and cream (cold or hot)
for breakfast put one right for the day
.'in<3 the flavor is such that the next
day's breakfast is looked forward to
with pleasure. Life- is made up of Ut-
Ue pleasure* and delicious food la one
of them.
HORRIFIED SINGERS FACE
TO FACE WITH A TRAGEDY
)RSHIPER3 at Grace Episcopal Church yesterday >
would never have suspected from the demeanor of the V
embers of the male choir the harrowing experience A
through which they had passed only a few short hours i
before. The voices of the choristers rose strong and clear Q
In the "Te Deum." and shrilled gladly in the Jubilate." ■£
but In their minds lingered a sorrow on which their lips Q
were mute. Their robes concealed a sadness their -f
tongues would not betray. 6
Saturday afternoon, as Is their custom, the members 4
of the choir assembled in the church to rehearse for the Q
Sunday services. Choir Director and Organ'st Holt was in ■+
his place and the rehearsal had proceeded for half an q
hour without unusual incident, when an unexpected event V
cast its first shadow before. The mellowed .sunlight A
streaming through one of the stained glass windows on _£
the Stockton-street side of the church was suddenly dis- A
turbed by the passage into It of some dark object, which, .
as the startled choristers looked, assumed the shape of a J
woman, leaning on the iron railing which guards pass- V
ers-by from possible falls into the area way. Before the -i
surpliced singers could make a move they saw separating £
from the shadow of a woman a smaller shadow, ,
which fell Into the area way, ten feet below, with a thud j
that betrayed the substance behind the shadow. As it *■
struck there were wailing sounds from the area way, -4
followed by the rapid Hitting of the female shadow. ©
All sorts of ideas chased each other through the minds 4
of the surprised choristers at these untoward occur- O
rences. Visions of heartless mothers and deserted babes -4
were uppermost. The wails and the flitting of the female ©
shadow were corroborative, and it was determined to go >
at once to the rescue of the substance of the castaway ©
shadow. " ■+
One chorister, whose name has not been handed down Q
to fame, rushed, more daring than the rest, to the win- -4
flow, threw It open and In a moment was In the area 6
way. In a trice his eyes were fastened on a bundle 4
wrapped in a newspaper. It moved and emitted sounds q
of distress. It was soon unwrapped and the choristers _£
beheld two kittens, unable to stand, starving and sore- q
eyed, mewing piteously after their hard fall. ■;=• '.-. i
"♦" Director Holt organzied a relief expedition, -the result of which was a ©
O plentiful supply of bread and milk for the deserted orphans. They were soon V
+ Been to be two far gone, however, for such succor, and It took no practical "JT
« eye to determine that the forsaken felines were not long for this world. In a ©
~r spirit of humanity it was determined to drown them. They were submerged 4
■*" in the presence of all the choir, except the basso. Homer Henley, who was ©
O bo overcome that even his spectacles ran briny tears. i
•♦■ The unfortunate kittens were turned over to the Janitor, who, not think- X
Q ing it necessary to notify the Coroner, gave them temporary sepulture in the £*
•♦- church ash barrel. 4
o o
• 4040 +©+ 04O+$+0 4O4<H O O +040 4<H O © 4040+ O 4Olt
tor Chief beat Miss Skyball; Beauty beat I-ady
Zelrfa: Pocahontas beat Hazel Dell.
nd ties— White Diamond beat Jack of
Ppad^F; Blue Buy brat Arno; Victor Chief beat
Beauty; I't-cahontas a l>y<\
Third tics Whit' Diamond beat Blue Boy;
Pocahontas beat Victor Chief.
Final— First money, Pncahontas beat "White
Diamond; second, White Diamond; third. Vic
tor Chief; fourth. Blue Boy: tifth, Beauty;
sixth, Arno; seventh, Jack of Spades.
LOS ANGELES COURSING.
LOS ANGELES. April 16.— 1n the Sap
ling stake at Agricultural Park to-day
Cherry V won lirst money, with An
chored second and Chieftain third. The
divided.
In the open stake Mountain Belle was
with Barry Sullivan second and
Snug third. The rest divided. There was
a good attendance, and the sport was
lively.
ATTORNEY LANE HANDS
DOWN THREE OPINIONS
REPLIES TO QUESTIONS OF AD
VISORY EXPERT PLATT.
Certain Consigned Goods, Insurance
Premiums and Stocks of Corpor
ations Outside the State
Are Taxable.
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Lane has replied to the communication
sent him by the advisory expert to the
nai Property Assessment Committee,
iG. Platt The reply of Attorney
is In the form of three opinions on
made by Mr. Platt, and
appear to settle some doubtful matters in
regard to property which has hitherto
been exempt from taxation in this city.
In his reply to the first question Mr.
I.ane declares that where consigned goods
have passed from the hands of the origi
nal importer or into another State they
are taxable. On this subject he Btatea
that there is an opinion by the Board of j
lizatloD which conflicts with the
statute Id such, cases made and provided
and th< Statute must govern.
He quol Slon of Chief Justice
Field, In which three of his colleagues dis
:, that "Foreign goods Imported into
the Tinted States In the hands of the
original inn tnnot 1-e taxed. It.
would be putting a restriction against
commerce which the Federal Government
would not allow."
The passing of floods from the hands of
the Importer puts another status t<> the
case, however. In regard to goods going
into another State, the opinion might ap
ply to forHgn merchandise entered in the
State of New York and arriving here in
transit. This point, however, is now be
ing considered by Collector Jackson, who
will refer It to the department at Wash
ington, along with the otbers now under
consideration.
The second question put by Mr. Platt in
volves premiums due and unpaid in course
of collection for insurance, whether lift-,
I\rc <>r marine, and all outstanding In
. and Mr. Lane declares that
they shall be considered as solvent
ts, no matter where the office of the
insurance company may be. The attempts
heretof »re to assess such solvent credits
have been defeated by the representatives
claiming that the premiums are due to
the hi Bltuat< d In another State
or in a foreign country and not an asset
of the company in the State.
The third opinion rendered by Mr. Lano
thai stocks of corporations having
property In California cannot be taxed. He
holds that to tax the stock and franchises
of a corporation in the same State, is
double taxation, which is unconstitutional.
He contends that only the franchise
should he taxed If the property nnd invest
•" the money is in this Btate.
On the other hand, all stocks of cor
>ns where the property is outside
of tl ■ assessable and must be
taxed. This will apply to a number of
mining and other companies whose stock
is hi -Id hen-, but the properties are else
■
that the way has boon made clear
rt Plati will proceed to ret the
isary Information in order to make -,i
ipervisbra as to the amount
<>f taxable property of the kind here
enumerated, and it is expected that a
larse revenue will be turned into the
treasury from the Increased assessments.
STATE BOARD OF PHARMACY.
Action Taken at the Meeting Held in
This City Last Week.
At the regular quarterly meeting of the
California State Board of Pharmacy, held
at the College of Pharmacy on Thursday
and Friday, the following were regis
tered as graduates in pharmacy: O.
I Milne, K. M. VVnrhanik. C. T. l.arkins
\Y. T. Hlnman, C. B. Freitas, n. C. Col-
I lins, C. D. Bchrelber, C. Overholt
Certificates of registration as licen
tiates were granted to the following can
didates: J. P. Bowman, A. H. Bcamell
J. E£. Cone, M. T. Harrington El if
fee, C. D. Evans. T. A. Donlon, W.
<;. Clute, T. W. Morrinl). \v. A. Madden
(5. J. Redmond, E. Kahler, E. T. Krebs
W. C. Eppenheim, T. C. Peters, L. c!
.-. B Ii nnington, ('. V. Baxter <}'
! A. McCarty, !•:. H. Martin. I. C. Ruli
son, A. B. Teague and .1. w. Calder.
B. B. V'lrden was registered as a phar
macist. The following having passed a
] satisfactory examination, were registered
ias assistants: W. R- Lalst, T. M. James,
J. Kstudillo, O. T. Clough, R. S. Petter,
R. M. Fernald, J. H. Mallery, E. M. Fow
ler, O. A. Longley, O. G. Freyermuth, A.
B. Jacobs.
O. 1.. Smith was granted assistant cer
tificate on his examination for licentiate.
The next meeting of the board will be
held on Tuesday, July 11, at the College
of Pharmacy.
Services at St. John's.
At St. John's Episcopal Church, corner
Fifteenth and Valencia streets, yesterday
morning Rev. W. A. M. Hriok, tho assist
ant rector, preached from the text, "No
man can serve two master*." The speaker
contended that he will either hate the
one and love the other, or will hold to the
one and despise tho other. He said la
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
concluding that one could not .serve God
and Mammon. The discourse contained
many pleasing illustrations taken from
military life. In the evening the rector.
Rev. Dr. B. N. Spauldlng, occupied the
pulpit.
HER DEATH UNEXPECTED.
Mrs. Joseph G. Eastland Dies Sud
denly While on a Visit to
Los Gatos.
Mrs. Joseph G. Eastland, widow of the
well-known capitalist, passed quietly
away at Lob Gatos yesterday. The news
of her demise will be a sad blow to her
numerous friends, as she was beloved by
them all. The deceased leaves two sons
to mourn her loss.
Mrs. Eastland was one of two daugh
ters of Colonel C. C. Landers. Her sister
married Dr. Urquhart, who was a surgeon
in the United States navy.
The deceased was married to Joseph G.
Eastland. and the union resulted in three
children being- b.orn to them. A daughter
From Injuries received in a railroad
accident, but the sons survive their pa
rents. Her husband was the first secre
tary of the San Francisco Gaslight Com
pany, and at the time of his death, not
many years ago, he was largely interested
in the gas works at Oakland.
Mrs. Eastland was a distinguished
member of society. Her charming and
brilliant conversational powers ma<i'
a leader In her set. While unostentatious
in dress and equipage, she was a lavish
entertainer. She was also famed for her
charity, and many a poor family to-day
will read with regret that their kind bene"
factress has passed away.
HOBSON" TOOK HIS JOB.
Captain Miller of the Badger, For
merly of the Merrimac, Has
Arrived.
Another hero of the late war arrived
early yesterday morning. He is Captain
James M. Miller of the United States
cruiser Badg.-r.
■When the Merrimac was picked as the
ship which should block the egress of
Cervera James M. Miller was her cap
tain. He offered his services to the coun
try at that time and felt deeply cha
grined that a younger man should be
s< li cted to have the. honor of piloting his
ship to destruction in the face of im
minent peril. The reports that came
from the theater of war at that tim*
tell of Miller in a sorry plight when he
learned that h'- was not to escort his
ship through the channel. The tears
streamt-d down his face as he saw Hob
pon and the selected crew perform the
task which he coveted.
Captain Miller will remain In port un
til the Samoan commission is ready to
leave for the islands.
DEATH OF H. B. HARRIMAN.
A Well-Known Pioneer of Tuolumne
Passes Away at the Lick.
H. R Harriman, one of the most prom
i!i> -it citizen of. Tuolumne County, died
yesterday afternoon at the Lick House
after a two weeks' illness. His wife and
I daughter were at the bedside at the time
of dissolution.
Mr. Harriman came to California In the
Of '10 and engaged in mining en
terprises. Later he became interested
- in the Rreat problem of Irrigation and
flume operations for mining- purposes. He
was a man of wealth and public spirited
I to such a degree that the county will
I lose one of its most helpful citizens.
Mr. Harriman was 70 years of age. His
i body will be sent to his home at Sonora
i this afternoon.
PAINTERS TO ORGANIZE.
Local Union No. 73 Will Be Insti
tuted To-Morrow Night.
Local union No. 73 of Journeyman
Painters will bo organized at 1159 Mission
street to-morrow evening;. A charter ha*
been received from the Brotherhood of
Painters, and the local union gives
promise of developing into a strong or
ganization.
The movement to organize a local union
in this city has been under way for some
time, and a canvass recently instituted
by those having the matter In charge re
sulted in the forwarding of an application
for a charter. All pood Journeyman
painters are urged to attend to-morrow
night's meeting.
BAKER WON.
Defeats Hammersmith for the Dol
phins' Junior Medal.
The first race for the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating <"'lub Diamond Junior
medal was held yesterday at a course off
the boathouse at the foot of Van Ness
avenue. The course was from Van Ness
avenue to Powell street and return, a
distance of one and v. half miles. George
Baker and I. ester Hammersmith were
tbr competitors, and Raker won in 1^:47.
The water was choppy and the wind
strong, but both men rowed a good
course.
The m^dal has to be won three times.
The mxt race will bo held in June on
ladies' day.
Arsenic Ended His Troubles.
Otto Mayriseh, a German cigar maker,
64 years of age, died at his home. 921
Vallejo street, last night, apparently of
arsenical poisoning, administered by him
self with suicidal intent. Mr. Mayrisch
was related to the Mayrisch brothers, to
bacconists, and bad for some time past
been employed by them. A short firm:
ago lit- was discharged, and has been
brooding over his troubles. He leaves a
widow and four childn-n
Picnic at Mirabel Park.
The parishioners of Sacred Heart par
ish are planning- a picnic to be held at
Mirabel Park on May 18, which promises
to be a moat enjoyable affair. Mirabel
Park is on Russian River, twelve miles
from Santa Rosa, and is an ideal spot
for a day's outing. The committee of
arrangements is doing everything in Us
power to make the annual outing: of the
parishioners a success.
MARKSMEN RIP
THE TARGETS
AT SCHUETZEN
Four Clubs Shoot for
Money and Medals.
C. F. WALTHAM'S FINE SCORE
KUHLS AND OTHERS LEAD IN
THE VARIOUS EVENTS.
Unusually Large Number of Shooters
Seek Recreation Across the
Bay on Account of the
Fine Weather.
The marksmen were out In force yester
day at Schuetzen Park on account of the
excellent weather, and good Bhooting was
done by the members of four clubs. The
California Schuetzen Club and the San
Francisco Turner Schuetzen Club held
bullseye shoots, the Vereln Elntracht
Shooting Section poured bullets Into the
targets In an endeavor to win medals and
the San Francisco Grutlis pulled triggers
in uoth a bullseye and a medal contest.
The top- score of the California Club
was made by C. F. AValtham with a score
of 198. A. "Strecker followed with 331
points. In detail the scores made in this
contest were as follows:
C. F. Waltham, 198; A. Strecker, 331; F. P.
Schuster, 345; J. E. Gorman. 451; R. Finking,
650; O. Bremer, 625; J. Jones. 634; F. Schue
mann, 655; D. "W. McLaugrhlin, 670; F. E.
Mason, 655; J. C. Waller, 714: D. B. Faktor,
750; John Utschlg St., 820; J. "Wollmer, 926; L.
C. Babin, 931; F. A. Kuhls, 985; F. A. Shrumpf,
959; A. Rahwylor, 1096; C. Theirbach, 1120; G.
Tammeyer. 1129; Captain F. Allinger, 1141; A.
Bruess, 1271; O. Burmeister, 1292: A. Utschlg,
1301; L Reubold, 1326: C. H. Saeehorn, 1340;
Phil Jacoby, 1362; J. Straub, 1352; R. Stettin,
1531; A. Hampel. 1614; J. L. Utschig Jr., 1634;
J. Horstmann. 1704; H. Enge, 1746; H. Eck
mann, 1535; F C. Muller, 1632; A. Gehret, 1484;
C. J. W'alden, 1711;- M. Keufcold, 1832; C. F.
Hagerup, 2011.
The. bullseye shoot of the Turners was
distinguished by the score of G. Tam
meyer, who stood first with 489 points. In
order the others came as follows:
Captain F. AHinger, 639; 11. Enge, 591; Phllo
Jacoby 592; F. Klatzel. 913; R. Finking, 942;
J Gassner, 975; Lieutenant J. Straub, 1009: J.
Meyers. 1027; L. Brune. 1495; C. Sa#ehorn, 1823;
O Burmeister. 1533: Lieutenant Kommer, 1S48;
A. rtschis, 2254; G. Kruechel (Drum Corps),
2445.
In the bullseye shoot of the Grutlis the
marksmen took rank as follows:
First Charles Off; second. A. yon "Wyl; third.
F \pnenzeller; fourth, A. Tschurr; fifth, Ed.
Kuni; sixth. T. Frei; seventh, Charles Gut;
eighth. Louis Hauser.
The medal shoot of the same organiza
tion resulted in scores as follows:
Champion class, A. yon Wyl, 3C<9; first class,
Robert Hauser; second class. Louis Hauser,
SB6; third class, Charles Gut, 3T»3; first best shot,
Charles Gut. 24; last best shot, Ed Kunz. 25.
In the Verein Eintracht contest F. C.
Kuhls took first place with a score of .38S.
The other scores follow:
Champion class, F. O. Kuhls, 368; first class.
J Zahn 345; second class, H. Schweiger, 315;
third class. C. Oeur, 247; first best phot. H.
Schwleger, 25; last best shot, H. Schwieger, 25.
BARKER WINS THE
CHALLENGE MEDAL
OLYMPIC GUN CLUB IN LIVE
BIRD SHpOTING.
Contest Was Close and Resulted in
Three Ties — Bluerock Shoot
Next Sunday.
Members of the Olympic Gun Club lield
a wind-up shoot yesterday at live pigeons
for the Olympic challenge live-bird medal.
The wind was light in the morning, but
after 12 o'clock It began to Mow heavily
and made the shooting difficult. The con
test for the medal was very close, result-
Ing in three ties. On the fourth shoot off
Barker won the medal.
Next Sunday there will be a blue-rock
shoot, and an Interesting day's sport Is
promised.
The ioKowing is the score for the dia
mond medal:
Slade, 30 yards. 17 birds, IS; Barker, SO yards,
17 birds, 15; Stone. SO yards, IS birds, 13;
Shields. SO yards, IS birds, withdrew on the
fourteenth bird; Lion. 29 yards. 16 birds, 13.
Slade, Barker and Leon shot off the tie
at seventeen birds, and each made fif
teen. They again shot off the tie. with the
same result. On the next shoot Slade
withdrew on the second bird, after miss
ing the first. Lion shot up to twelve
birds and 'quit, losing two out of the
twelve. Barker shot fifteen birds straight
and won the medal.
In a small match Barker made five out
of six, Lion five out of six, Stone three
out of four, Slade two out of three. In
a second pool match Lion, Stone, Shields
and Slade each made five out of six and
Barker six straight.
ASKS GAGE TO INVESTIGATE.
American Women's Liberal League
Takes Up Charges Against
. Prison Officials. /-' k
At a meeting of the Council of the
American Women's Liberal League at Its
headquarters, 515 Van Ness avenue, yes
terday afternoon, the following resolu
tion was adopted:
Whereas, Charges through various channels
have been made to the members of the Ameri
can Women's Liberal league, accusing the of
ficials of the State Prison at San Quentin of
heartless, cruel, brutal and barbarous treat
ment of the sick and wounded, and also of in
flicting punishment on prisoners only under
accusation of wrong-doing, involving cold,
starvation and darkness, rivaling in horror the
stories of torture that come down to us from
the middle ages; therefore,
Resolved, That Hon. Henry T. Gage, Gov
ernor of California, be requested to appoint a
committee to investigate the basis of these
charges, to the end that Justice be done, the
truth vindicated, and the infamy rest with
those who deserve It.
Joined the Federation.
At -the last meeting of the Mission Fede
rated Improvement Club the following
delegates from the South San Francisco
Improvement Club were admitted: Chris
Milley, Charles Mangels, Joseph Gillman
and Charles Nonnemann. The principal
object in view and the one which the new
club has before it is to get a grammar
school for the southern district. The
Federated Club passed a vote of thanks to
Supervisor Attridge of the Eleventh
Ward for the assistance given the Mis
sion district in its git ting a promise for
the Improvements demanded, among
which is an additional number of electric
lights, and also in having Twenty-fifth
Btreel opened from Guerrero street to San
Jose avenue.
WEATHER REPORT.
(1?" th Mori-linn— Pacific Time>
SAN FRANCISCO, April 16, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.30 31.37 31.16
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8 87
San Francisco 0.00 15.38 7.75
Fresno ...: 0.00 6.62 4 1R
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 14.82 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.2$
San Diego 0.00 4.51 4.18
Yuma 1 0.00 1.84 1.02
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 48; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is cloudy and threatening over
the northern portion of the Pacific Slope and
generally clear over the southern. Light rain
turning to <=nr>w in the mountains has fallen
cnrw Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Northern
T'tah and Montana.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope and fallen In the Missouri Valley.
Except along the Immediate coaat the temper
ature haa fallen decidedly weft of the Rocky
Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warme.
weather In California Monday.
Fbrecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, April 17, 1899.
Northern California— Fair Monday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
t'tah— Rain or snow to-night and early Mon
day morning, followed by fair weather Mon
day.
Arizona— Fair; cooler Monday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; light northwest wind.
Q. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Tnited States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete pets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, CsJ.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant, TT. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Trje hisrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, APRIL 17.
Sun rises 5:30
Sun sets r > :4 7
Moon sets ; 0M a. m.
Ft.
Ft.
ll ...]
I 4:111 4.41 11:211 0.7 6:69)
L W] H W L W
f 0:031 3. if 5:31 4.1 12:11
1:11 2.9 6:44 4.0 12:391
2:00 2.4 7:49 4.1 1:451
2:39 1.9 8:41 4.1 • 2:20
( 3:14' 1.4' 9:31 4.3 2:54'
3:48 0.8 10:19 4.5 3:30
i'w"""
18 ...I
19 ...
20 ...
21 ...
22 ...|
23 ...
L.i
I I'-
l vv
7:38 4.8
8:08 4.9
8:37 5.1
9:05 5.2
9:30 5.4
9:561 S-6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column grlves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are rfflt
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
L'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
_ learner, i num.
B. Hernster....'|Coqullle River
Pomona i Humboldt j
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound
Crescent City... Crescent City
Samoa 'Humboldt I
Santa Rosa San Diego
Coptic China and Japan
Columbia ...... J Portland I
Coos Bay Newport I
Czarina Victoria & Puget Sound!
Point Arena (Point Arena
North Fork Humboldt j
City of ..[Panama
Areata Coos Bag
Corona San Diego
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound
Bonlta Newport ]
Alliance Portland I
State of Cal Portland
Apl. 17
Apl. 17
lApl. 17
Apl. 18
Apl. 20
Apl. 20
Apl. 20
lApl. 21
Apl. 21
Apl. 22
Apl. 22
Apl. 22
Apl. 24
JApl. 24
lApl. 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Areata Coos Bay JApl. 17, 4 pm'Pier 13
Bonlta Newport Apl. is, 9 am ' Pier 11
Orizaba ...Alaska Apl. IS, 10 am Pier 9
Newburg . . Grayß Harbor 18, spm Pier 2
State Cal... Portland Apl. 18. 10 am Pier 24
San Jose... Panama ... lApl. 18, 12 mjPMSS
Mariposa ..'Svdney lApl. 19, 10 pm Pier 7
Aloha (Point Arena.. Apl. 19, 3 pmlPler 2
Pomona ....IHumboldt Apl. 19, 2 pm'Pier 9
Santa Rosa' San Diego Apl. 20. 11 amjPler 11
City Rio J..|Ch!na_ Japan'Apl. 20, 1 pmIPMSS
Queen 'Vie & Pgt Sd.'Apl. 21. 10 amlPler 9
Coos Bay...] Newport Apl. 22. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena. .lApl. 22, 3 pmlPler 2
Columbia ..IPortland 'Apl. 23. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 16.
U S Etmr Thos Corwin, Kenning, 3 days from
San Diego.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood. *
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 10 hours from Point
Arena,
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 3 days 19 hours from
Seattle.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 3 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, 10 hours from. Fort
Ross.
SAILED.
Sunday, April 16.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
Stmr North Fork, Hash, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, -Victoria, etc.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Bristol Bay.
Ship M P Grace, Grant, Port Blakeley.
Bark Coryphene, Erickson, Bristol Bay.
Bark Will \V Case. Swanson. Bristol Bay.
Schr Allen A. Sehage. Eureka.
Schr Ralph .1 Long, Pedersen. Bristol Bay.
Schr J Q Wall. Biornstrom, Eureka,
Bohr Free Trade. Hansen. Usal.
Schr Peerless, Johnson, Port Blakeley.
Schr Neptune, Estvold. Usal.
Bchr Ocean Spray. Nyman. Tversens Landing.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
Schr Martha W Tuft, Johnson, Fort Bragg
and La Paz.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April 16 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 32 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr City of To
peka. from Wrangel Narrows.
Sailed Apr 16— Stmr Farallon, for Dyea; Jap
stmr Idzuma Maru, for Yokohama.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr 15— Schr Wing and
Wine:, hence Apr 1.
TACOMA— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr Walla Wal
la, from Victoria; Br Etmr Glenogle, from
Hongkong.
Sailed Apr 16— Bktn Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Apr. 15— Stmr
Albion.
CASPAR— Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Navarro, he
Apr 15.
Sailed Apr 16— Schrs Abble and Maxim, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 16— Schr John A, he
April 10. . ■ , _ _
Sailed Apr 14— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: schr H C Wright, for Port Blakeley.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Apr 16— Br hark Do
minion, from Port Blakeley for Australia,
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Apr 16— Br
bark Corunna. from Nagasaki.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Apr Stmr Point
Arena, hence Apr 15. • '_ ■ -. _
VENTURA— Arrived Apr Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Apr 13, and sailed for San Fran
circo.
°' TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr Indranal,
from Yokohama.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr Anglo-
Chllfftn, from Sunderland.
NEW Y OR— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr Forori<~.
from London: stmr Sorrento, from Hamburg:
stmr South Cambria, from St Vincent, C V;
stmr Isabelle. from Bordeaux; etmr Trinidad,
from Bermuda.
Sailed Apr 16— Stmr Smyrna, for St John,
N Bi ftmr North Cambria, for Newport News;
stmr PPinhridtfe. fur Hamburg; rtrar Nile, for
Philadelphia.
HOI'THAMPTON -- Palled Apr 16 — Stmr
Bremen, from Bremen for New York.
QUBENBTOWN— SaiIed Apr 16— Stmr Um
brln. from Liverpool for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Apr 16— Stmr Masconomo,
for Philadelphia.
•"^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
taTiriSna '" 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KCARNY NT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
6Ajw«jJfi£S| disease wearing on body and mind arid
SSflßßffgll Skin Diseases. Thedoctoreureswheii
others fail. Try htm. Charges low
CWSmEsSEB ('iirrsßuarnnlrrd. Call or writ'-.
3>r. J. f- *>1880 J»v Box 1857. Sac Francisco
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMEB3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at I a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 8 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted.) ~ Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOB U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
i Steamer "Monticello."
Will be laid off the route for general repairs
for about 10 day i, commencing Monday night.
April 10, 1898.
- -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tkw Steamers leave Broadway
; ?£a— v«- wharf. San Francisco:
IdEw^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
EBa>Ta!^g^ Apr. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21, 28. May 1;
HLJsErSn cliange at Seattle.
! Kfj-Ssi yil For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
flSgE^ffll C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
ir^WSsWB Tacoma, Everett. Anac-rtes
and New Whatcom (Wash ).
10. a. m.. Apr. 1, 6, 11. 16. 21.
2«, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ••,.'■..
For Eureka '(Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Apr. 4
» H. 19, 24. 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz,- Monterey. San Simeon.
Cajrucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hii»neme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22, 28.
80, May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4, 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, May 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joae del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 1C a, m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of «nlHrie\
TICKET OFFICE - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DTPPATCH FAST STEAMERB TO
PORTLAND
From Bpear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC *' 2 first Clast including Berttii
rnllL £8 Second Clas« and Afoals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April a, 11, 23.
Etate of California sails March 1). 29; April
S. 18. 18.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Bntt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market strvet.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
•■--• ;v.' : Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLT.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
■,-:,: B. COGAN, 44 East st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW yORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 I St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris ..• May 10
New York April 26 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon. •
Bouthwark April 12 INoordland May 3
Wegternland ...April 19 Friesland May 10
Kensington ....April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
to Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Railing.
NIPPON MARU...., Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 8
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fMfjßfjaaMd| S. S. Marlposa
rSnfllliil! salls viA Honolulu
Is* ■■■• and Auckland for
y™ , «^ Sydney Wednesday,
CiiS\_'\ April 19. at 10 p. m.
i^lP/imShin The S. S. Australia
CylWllllJlllU^ Balls for Honolulu
(Offll93lZ&L. Wednesday, May 3, at
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE 'TRANBATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. '•■rrn-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <Sjt£i>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •" * ' "■"»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, April 22; LA
GASCOGNE, April 29; LA NORMANDIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13; LA BRE-
TAGNE, May 20. First-class to Havre, $65
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
Bowling Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San Francisco.
HOLLAND=AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), STATENDAM (10,500). First Cabin. $50
upward; Second Cabin, .$37.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM. SPAARNDAM,
etc., $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & PON, Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCISCO lICKEIIffICE— 628 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN :SJI.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramanto Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— West Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausallto Ferry. '.-'.:•
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL vat.t.wt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— »7:2O. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.: *1:46.
1:45. 6:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
dayt, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS - •8:00, »10:00. '11:30 a. m.: «l:Ub
8:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FHANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -6:25. •6:35.-7:45, »a:3O a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. •3:00, «10:00. 11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, *3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
1 11:85. 2:45. 3:50, 6:20 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 7:00 d. m.
• SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
I 1:00. 8:20 p. m.
i THROUGH TRAINS.
i 1:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
' 1:46 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:00 a-tn. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
' Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
i«pt. 11, 1593:
Week 'Day*— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS COOK & SON. Agent*,. CD Mark*
AUCTION SALES,
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
I 3STo. 39 GEARY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Creditors.
TO-DAY (Monday), April 17.
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until ■' are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESH
GOODS, OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES BRON2ES. EBONY GOODS.
' A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS, ROBES. JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
BAH.BOAS TRAVEL.
NUI iTHKKN rAt'lt'lC CO 31 ft' A XT.
(PACIFIC .HYSrHM.)
TrnliiK Ifiiii- ami »re <lu«* to nirlff ml
SIN FK4.\<IN«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave' — FBOU APKIL 9, 1899. — abriv*
«0:OO a Nlles. San Jose and Way Stations... *S:43a.
?:UOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento 3:43p
7:<>oa Muryaville, Orovilleaud Reddiag via
Woodland 8:4»p
":OOa Elmira, Vacarille and Rumsey 8:45r
7:UOa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatoza and Santa Rosa 6>lsr
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and Kast.. 8:45p
tlillOA San .lose, Livermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacraiueuto, Placerrille,
MarysTille, Chico, Ueil Muff 4ili!p
8:»0a •Milton, Oakdaleand Sonora 4:13p
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno l»«13p
9iO»a Fresno, UakersQeM, Santa linrliara,
I.oa ADgolea, Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6x45
1 0:OO a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i45p
12:00 m Niles, Llverraore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visaila,
Porterville 4tl»p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *8:00p
4:OOp Martiuez, Han Itanion, Vallejo,
Napa, Uallstoga, SantA Rosa 9ilßa
4ioor Benioia, Vacavllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MdrysTllle, Orovllle 10:48 a
4iBop Niles, Han Jose and Stockton 7>l3f
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 18il8p
S:OOp The Owl. Fresco, Bakersrield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 0:43 a.
■ISiOOp Pacinc Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, ChicaKOand East *S:4sa
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno ]S:lsp
8:3 Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mi.jave and I.os Angeles Bi43a
3>3op .Santa Ke Itoiite. Atlantlo Kxpress
for Mojav« and Kast 6i4»p
Oiiillr Kiiropeau Mall, Ug<l«n and Kast 0:45 a
0:00 Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7*43 A.
•6:00p Vallejo l»:l»r
7ioop Ureuon Hacranteuto, Marys-
Tills, Killing. r.,rtlsn>l, Pnget
Sound Mid Kast 7i4»A
t8:00p Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J10:30»
|10:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East t»'4sp
SAX I.KANNKO AMD IIiYYYARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 MelroKe, Spmlnnrr Park, ( e:f5A
8:OO'a Kitrliliiirjr, Klmliurßt, C»:l3a.
>9:00 a Sun lifiunlrn. South San cii:Js.v
lO.OOa I.ennilro. Kxtudillo, IO:4»a,
tl 1:OOa Lorcn/o, Cherry ■ *!»*«*
t3:OOp » n ,l 12:15p
5 ! »«p Hajnar.l*. *««»
7:OOp i Rung through to Nne, % I mL
) t From Nlleg. (. 7>4or
COAST IHVISIOS (Narrow <i»n)te).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:o3p
8:15 a Newark, (JeuterTille, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3«50f
*»ilsr Newark, Ccnterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Hanta Cruz and Principal Way
Station Mo:3oa
4ilsp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a.
14: 1 Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tious /9:20 A.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
■ ! From SIB mSCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
1 •7:16 9:00 ll:0l)A.M. tl:00 *2:00 13:03
I *4:00 t!:BO *6:00 p.m.
FromOilUHD— Foot of Bro»dwaj.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.
I ! tl2:00 '1:00 ta:OO «3:00 ti:QO "8:00r.sl.
I COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
" (Third and Townaend Stg.)
' •6:10 a South San Francisco *6jBop
*7:00 a .San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:80*
J7i3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
i Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
I Principal Way Stations J8:83»
9iooa Baii .lose, Tres Piuos, Sauta Cruz,
Pacific Drove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Ohlspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
i Principal Way Stations 4:10p
. : IO:4Oa San Jose mid Way Stations *«:OOa
r I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations 5:30p
•a:4si-San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gllrny. Holliater. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey mid Pacilic
Grots «I«:86a
1 j »H:SOp San Jose and Way Stations # »:OOa
• 1 :13r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43
•5:OQp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:50 a
5:»0p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "»:Ssa
6:: tOp San Jose ami Way Stations 7:»0p
t11:43i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
| A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. J Sunday only, ♦ Saturdays only.
; only. '/Saturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
! SAN FRANCIS-GO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon F;rry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. l,; 1:30, 3:30.
I 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60; 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
i 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
• I SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m. .'
! Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i i Arrive
San Francisco. | In Effect San Francisco. ,
j- 1 April 16. j *
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week '
; Days. days. Destination. days. Days. |
7:30 am 6:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an»
8:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma, ! 6:05 pm 10:25 ami
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm 6:20 prrj
Fulton, |
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pnf
I 7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 ara
3:80 prn 8:00 arr. Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 prr*
7:30 am| 10:25 an*
1 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pit)
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma -10:40 am 8:40 ana
. I and
i 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:06 pm 6:20 pm;
7:30 am 8:00 am: Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ami
3:30 pm 5:00 pm! 17:35 pm «:20 pn»
Stages connect at Pant.i Rosa for Mark West
Sprlng-s and White .Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyaervllle for Skagg«
: Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
! land for Runcan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kels«yvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy-
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
: Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
I Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
I Bueknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
' BoonevlUe, Phllo, Christine, Soda- Springs.
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
I Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
i i Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum^
! ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
• Ecotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a|
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
. I beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
' ! Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle WdR
i n. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pas*. Agent.'
I THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUKJ
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom Jan. 28. 1893. trains will run as follow^
; ! South-bound. North-bound.
, Pasaen- j Mixed. Mixed. PasMn-
' I ger. Sunday . Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am IP : SO am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 prq
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 13:40 pm 4:13 prn
, 10:40 am, 8:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:38 am 7:46 pm; Hartford 7:45 am 1:48 pnj
2:25 12:30 ami Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:10 ara
U:5» am 8:25 pm Vlsaila 6:40 am 1:22 pn»
12:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
' Stopping; at Intermediate points as required.
. For particulars of stage and other connection^
' Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
' <treet.-Sa.a JFrancUco.
! !■._.... ' .
? t Weekly Call $1.00 MM
78
YON SCHMIDT
TRAGEDY CLAIMS
ANOTHER VICTIM
Mrs. Welch Stricken
With Apoplexy.
SHE SAW THE STABBING
THE TERRIBLE AFFAIR ALMOST
TURNED HER MIND.
A Duel With Daggers at an Oakland
Theater Brought About a Climax
Which Will Likely Prove
Fatal.
Alameda Office. San Francisco Call,
142S Park Street. April 16.
The horrible trapedy enacted in Ala
meda last Sunday has had such a serious
effect upon Mrs. Dennis Welch that the
unfortunate woman may lose her life as
a result of the shock of being an eye
witness to the M<" dthirsty deed of the
late Captain yon Schmidt.
Mrs Welch Is at the Oakland Receiving
Hospital, where she was taken from an
Oakland Theater last night, suffering |
from a stroke of apoplexy, brought on by j
j a Btabbing scene on the stage j
•which recalled to her mind too vividly the
terrible sight of lasi Sunday when Captain
yon Schmidt hacked his wife to death
with a dagger and then plunged the blade
through his own heart.
Mrs Well h Is the wife of Police Of
ficer | ich of the Ahimeda force.
Their home adjoins the residence on San
Jose avenue that was occupied by Mrs.
yon Schmidt and her five little children.
Although t it was generally supposed I
that no human eye had witnessed the
bloody deed that wiped out the lives of
Mr and Mrs. yon Schmidt. Mrs. Welch
Eaw it all as she Bat at her dining-room
window, which overlooks the back yard
of the neighboring premises. The fact
was kept from the public and the authoii
that Mrs. Welch had
been in 111-health, wae a sufferer from
- and It was feared that
were called upon to recite the hor
rible details of the bloody tragedy her
mlr.d would give way under the strain.
As it wa.s, the affair visibly affected her.
The bi Sunday made an indelllble
Impression on the woman's thoughts and j
so preyed upon her mind that her family i
anticipated the worst results. To her I
..!>. with whom shi a the !
dual tragedy, she repeatedly said: "G<>d
: that I should ever see such a
igain. It will drive me crazy, j
The picture of that man stabbing his <
wife and then killing himself is constant
ly before me. 1 cannot drive the vision
away."
In an endeavor to divert her mind from
thoughts of ttie tragedy. Officer Welch
had been serdii'g bis wife to various
places of amusement. Saturday night, ac
companied bj her daughter, she went to
the Dewey Op< •■ in Oakland.
"The Denv.r Express," an extremely
sensational melodrama, was the produc
tion. During the second act there was a
stabbing scene. Uke a Hash it recalled
Vividly to the mind of Mrs. Welch visions
of th< imidt tragedy.
"My God, my God!" she exclaimed,
"take me away from here," and then ut
tering a piercing shriek, she sank back In
her seat unconscious.
She was taken to ;h>-> Receiving Hos
pital, were it was found that she was suf
fering from a severe stroke of apoplexy.
Drs. Stratum. Sanborn. Rowe and
Porter have been in constant attendance
on her during the day. and this evening
they hold out little hope of her recovery.
Dr. G. i' Reynolds of this city, her family
physician, has i ■• r to hold a con
6ul"tatio!i with the attending doctors.
Her hi;=band and children visited her
during the day, but she was unable to
recognise them. Officer Welch is at the
le of hla wife and is prostrated over
the affair.
SAILOR IMMIGRANTS.
They Must Be Classed as Aliens Un
less They Started From This
Country as Seamen.
Immigration Commissioner North has
received a letter from tho Com
missioner General nf Immigration at
Washington with reference to the land-
Ing of snips' crews. The following is the
gist:
There instructions were given to prevent "vio
lations" of the immigration laws, either through
the carelessness or collusion of masters and
agents of vessels, the view being taken that
mch arrivals are to be regarded as seamen
until the conclusion of the voyage for which
they signed. On arrival at the terminal port
their status is the same aR that of any other
alien who peeks a landing in the United
Etatfs, and, therefore, that, irrespective of
the opinions of the mafters and agents of the
vessels bringing them to our shores or of their
own representations as to the proposed dura
tion of their stay, they should be treated In
r'l rf*i*-cts as alien Immigrants. *
Of course, the requirements of the law as
to manifesting Immigrants at the port of em
barkation do not apply in the case of aliens of
the class urder consideration, for they w~re
Fearr.en at the time of departure for this coun
try and continued such, in accordance with
the tenv.s of their agreement, until their ar
r.va.! at their de«tlratlon.
Union Bible Class.
The union Bible class which meets
every Tuesday evening at the Y. M. C. A.
Hall for the study of the English Bible
is attracting wide attention. It is con
ducted by Professor J. H. Goodell of the
Pacific Theological Seminary. Subj.-ot to
morrow evening will be "How Did Sin
Come Into the World:" 1 third chapter of
Genesis. This class la free to the public
both mon and women. Members of Young
People's societies an- especially invited.
Big Crowd at Glen Park.
There was a large attendance at Glen
Park yesterday. One of the most in
teresting numbers on the programme was
a carrier-pigeon race. Thirty-five birds
were liberated during the afternoon In
front of the theater. They (lew to their
lofts In East Oakland. In the theater an
excellent vaudeville programme was ren
dered.
BRITISH BULLETS FOR
CHINESE MARAUDERS
Attack Upon English Residents
Quickly Punished by an Armed
Force.
HONGKONG, April 17.-The villagers of
Tai Poo Su, one of the newly acquired
places in the British territory on the
Hongkong mainland, who broke out in re
bellion on Friday, burned some of the
British mat sheds and then retire] to the
hills and fired upon the British troops who
were sent to quell the disturbances. The
British returned the lire, scattering Che
Chinese and killing Borne.
The British suffered no casualties.
As the result of the conflict the Gov
ernor of Hongkong went immediately In
the cruiser Brisk with another regiment,
landed and hoisted the British flag in the
Kow Ix>on extension. The Chinese head
men sent a deputation to apologize for
the disorders.
♦
JOHN L POSES AS A
RAILWAY ENGINEER
To Evade Arrest at Astoria the Ex-
Champion Escapes on a
Locomotive.
ASTORIA, April 16.— John L. Bullivan,
whose company appeared here to-night,
was compelled to hide to prevent arrest.
The church people of the city swore out
a warrant for the arrest of Sullivan on.
a charge of violating the law by appear
ing in a boxing contest on Sunday. Man
ager Selig of Fisher's Opera-house was
charged with the offense of conducting a
theater on the Sabbath.
The warrant for the arrest of Sullivan
was placed in the hands of Constable
Wickman, and that officer tried to serve
It. Sullivan had been told of the officer's
coming and was not to be found. W hlle
the performance was still going on Sulli
van stole quietly out of the stage en
trance and made his way to his special
train which was scheduled to pull out at
11 o'clock for Victoria. Officers were at
the depot to arrest him, but he took refuge
in the engine and thus eluded his pur
suers.
Sullvan donned the garb of an engineer
at the depot and was at the throttle
when the train pulled out.
BRASS BUTTON SAVES
A POLICEMAN'S LIFE
Stops a Bullet Fired by a Los Angeles \
Rough Who Was Resisting
Arrest.
LOS ANGELES. April 16.— The sacred
precincts of St. Vibian's Cathedral, on J
Main street, were disturbed at an early
hour this morning by a stabbing and
shooting affray in which three partici
pants were slashed with knives and sev
eral policemen had close calls for their
lives. The wounded men are Bruce Mc-
Nutt. a waiter; Ralph Kern, a hackman,
and Patrick J. Stack, an ex-saloon-keeper.
None of the men received serious injuries.
When the police arrived on the scene
McNutt and Kern were placed under ar
rest without difficulty, but Stack, who had
retreated to his lodgings in the neighbor
hood, resisted arrest and shot at four or
the officers, one bullet striking officer
Rico Thanks to a big brass button, !
which stopped the bullet, he received no
bodily injury.
The cause of the affray Is somewhat or
'a mystery, as the thre* participants tell |
conflicting stories. Stack claims he was |
set upon by McNutt and Kern without
provocation while he was passing the
cathedral, one of the men slashing him
about the head with a knife. In defend-
Ing himself he drew his own pocket- .
knife and cut both Kern and McNutt j
about the face and hands.
McNutt and Kern claim that Stack,
without any provocation, attacked them
with a knife first and that they simply j
acted in self-defense. All three men |
were the worse for liquor. When the police
knocked at Stack's door he refused them !
admittance and they were compelled to j
force the door. As soon as this was ao i
complished Stack commenced shooting at I
the officers, who returned the fire, but
none of the shots were effr>ctivf>. the bat
tle being carried on in the dark. The
police then retreated for reinforcements '
and after some parleying with Stack, who i
had succeeded in barring the door again. ;
he submitted to arrest and was landed !
in Jail without further trouble.
PENNSYLVANIA WILL
ELECT NO SENATOR
Legislative Session Drawing to a
Close, With the Deadlock Un
broken.
HARRISBURO. Pa.. April 16.— The
Legislature will adjourn sine die at noon
on Thursday next and the present out
look indicates that a United States Sen
ator will not be elected. The announced
decision of Mr. Quay to remain in the
field will. It is believed, retain for him
the votes of most, if not all, of his fol
lowers to the end. The chance of any
other candidate receiving sufficient votes
to elect is rendered extremely doubtful.
particularly as there is no sign' of a
br« ak from the ranks of the Democrats
who have steadfastly voted as a unit for
their party candidate. Three separate
conferences of Republican legislators
have been called for to-morrow night.
It is said that an earnest endeavor will
be made by some of the legislators to
bring about some compromise or agree
ment by which the deadlock can be
broken.
SPANISH AUDIENCE
SNUBS EMMA NEVADA
American Operatic Singer Given a
Cool Reception by the Elite of
Seville.
LONDON, April 17.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, recounting
an interview he had with Madame Emma
Nevada, the first American operatic
singer who has visited Spain since the
war. says: Madame Nevada's managers
had arranged an operatic tour, but on the
first night at Seville, though the house
was bought up. the curtain arose on
empty seats. The opera was "Lucia di
Lainmermoor." In the second act all the
elite arrived together, but turned their
backs to the stage and talked ostenta
tiously until the end of the opera, when,
on returning to acknowledge a burst of
applause Nevada was roundly hissed.
At Madrid the Queen Regent was in
formed of the occurrence. Her Majesty
invited Nevada to a soiree at the palace
and presented to her a diamond and sap
phire bracelet.
Nevada arrived here in a state of the
greatest indignation.
AN ATTEMPT TO
EXCHANGE PRISONERS
MADRID. April 16.— General Rios. the
commander of the Spanish troops in the
Philippines, telegraphing under date of
April 15 says: "11.0511111163 at Malolos
have been suspended. General Otis has
given me a for my chief of staff
and another officer to take mv letter
asking Aguinaldo to liberate the Span
ish prisoners at an early date on the
grounds of humanity and international
law, and demanding of him. In case of
refusal, that he give a final reply with
the view to placing it before the civil
ized world. I offer in exchange 1500
native prisoners captured by the Amer
icans and placed at my disposal for this
purpose uy General Otis. In a confer
ence between the Archbishop and lead
ing merchants they drew up a strongly
worded letter, which has been taken to
Aguinaldo by Baron Dumare. This is
my last effort. I will communicate the
result."
VATICAN WILL SHOW
ITS DISPLEASURE
Protest Against Non-Representation
at the Czar's Peace
Conference.
ROME, April 16.— The Trlbuna asserts
that the Papal lnternuncio at The Hague
has been ordered to absent himself from
the city before the meeting of the peace ;
conference on May 18.
Assuming that the statement of the !
Trlbuna is correct, the instructions to thei
intprnuncio are the Vatican's protest '
against non-representation at the peace
rence, which the Italian Government!
Insisted upon as a condition precedent to
sending an Italian delegate.
PHILIPPINE SUPREME
COURT TO BE TRANSFERRED
MANILA, April 16.— The gunboat !
Princeton arrived here to-day. General i
<>tis has ordered General Rlos to trans- '
fer the Supreme Court to the American
authorities* Colonel Crowder has been !
appointed to reorganize the civil ju
diciary, which is greatly In need of an
overhauling.
TO MAKE BERLIN A PROVINCE
Kaiser William's Plan Alarms the
German Press.
BERLIN, April 10.— The entire German
press is greatly alarmed by the news, first
published here through the instrumental
ity of the Associated Preiss, that Emperor
William Intends to Introduce In the Prus
sian diet a government measure creating
the city of Berlin and Its suburbs Into a
separate province and largely destroying
the present self-government of the mu
nicipality.
The Berliner Tageblatt publishes to-day
further details of the plan, which it says
has existed for some time. Der Relchs
bote and other conservative paper ap
prove the project.
* i
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
WILL STAY IN
THIS STATE TO
FIGHT BURNS
Rev. Barton Perry Is
Not to Resign.
HE NOW FAVORS SUFFRAGE
WOMEN AT SACRAMENTO TO
SWAY LEGISLATORS,
Mexican Methods Are So Repugnant
That It Is the Duty of Citizens
to See They Do Not
Prevail.
I HAVE decided not to leave
California, even to accept a
more lucrative pastorate,
for I consider it to be my duty
as a minister, as a citizen and
as a man to stay wii.ere I am
and to do all in my power to
prevent any attempt that may
be made to send Colonel Burns
to the United States Senate.
This course I consider my
sacred duty. — Rev. Barton
Perry, chaplain of the Legis
lature.
Oakland Office San Francisco Tall, '
90S Broadway. April 16. i
The old story that a call from a con- j
gregatlon offering a larger salary must of
necessity be "a call from the Lord" and
therefore to be obeyed does not apply to
the case of Rev. Barton Perry of the
rresbyterlan Church of San Leandro.
He announced to his congregation this \
morning that he had decided to Btay i
where he is.
The chaplain's reasons were given at
some length and were somewhat of a
surprise to his people, who had been led
to believe that he would accept the call
from Carson City, Nev.
"It is true that I have been offered a
pastorate at Carson City," he said, "with
a salary just twice as large as that paid
to me by this church. I have decided for ■
many reasons to stay here. You all know |
that I am chaplain of the State Legisla- i
ture. During my stay at the capital I j
saw much of the inside ways of the poll- j
tlcians who are working to make Dan j
Burns a I'nited States Senator. I fought
such tactics and shall continue to do so.
"What I saw there has almost con- I
verted me to woman suffrage. I have j
never been very enthusiastic on that sub
ject, but when I saw the purpose for
which women of the lowest station of so
ciety were being used 1 changed my '
mind. If this class of woman. 1 thought,
be initiated into politics, how much more
necessary It is that the nobility of
womanhood should be permitted to ex
ercise its influence in the opposite direc
tion.
"In the interest of public morals every
Christian should do everything possible '.
to prevent such practices. I shall stay
right here and do what I consider to be
my duty."
AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF
MINING ENGINEERS
WILL MEET IN THIS CITY NEXT
OCTOBER.
President Neff of California Miners'
Association Appoints Commit
tees to Entertain the Com
ing Guests.
Hon. J. H. Neff. president of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, has appointed
the following committees to take charge
of the arrangements for the convention
of the American Institute of Mining En
gineers, to be held next October:
Executive committee — W. C. Ralston
(chairman). Professor S. B. Christy Cur
tis H. Lindley. Charles G. Yale, \V. S.
Keyes, Captain Thomas H. Meln, Edward
H. Benjamin, J. H. Halloran, Judge E. A.
Belcher, A. A. Watkins, J. J. Crawford.
Frank A. Leach, Harold T. Power of
Placer, W. B. Bourne of Grass Valley. A.
D. Foote of Grass Valley. 'Frederick Zeit
ler of Nevada City, B. S. Rector of Ne
vada City, W. B. Hammon of Butte. \V.
T. Detert of Amador, F. F. Thomas, Mark
B. Kerr of Calaveras, D. R. v^.iver,
Thomas Hender and F. M. Wilmans, of
Tuolumne County; H. E. Picket of El
Dorado, M. E. Dlttman of Shasta,
Charles C. Derby of Santa Clara and P.
A. Buell of Stockton.
Reception committee — Hon. Henry T.
Gage, Hun. James D. Phelan. Irving M.
Scott. Daniel M. Burns, A. J. Ralston. W.
W. Montague, Robert S. Moore, James
Spiers Jr.. B. T. Lacy, Tyler Henshaw,
S. J. Hendy, H. T. Lally S. Mooney,
Colonel George H. Wallis, Joseph Moss,
Edward Colt-man, Andrew Carrlgan, John
M. Wright, John F. Davis, James S.
Brownell, George Johnson, John Ber
mingham, Julian Sonntag and W. A.
Doble.
THE NATIONAL GUAED,
The Commander in Chief Will An
nounce the — djutant General and
Major General Before May.
Those who are most deeply Interested in
National Guard matters In this State ar«
anxiously waiting to learn what decision
Governor Gage, the commander in chief,
has reached in the matter of selecting an
adjutant general, an assistant adjutant
genera] and a major general. It is said
that he lias declared he will make the
appointment in each case before the Ist
of May and that he may defer the an
nouncement until the latter part of the
current month.
During the past week but little has
licen done in the matter of putting the
guard In shape. All the officers of the
companies of the Fifth Raiment except
those of C and D have reported at bri
gade headquarters, but as yet the muster
rolls of the companies have not been for
warded. There- is delay in preparing
these, as certain questions propounded
by the major general have to be an
swered, and there Is some difficulty in a
number of the companies as to under
standing what is wanted by the major
general.
As soon as all the muster rolls shall
have been sent in and It appears that
there are a sufficient number of men in
each company to form a regiment of the
minimum strength, then there will be is
sued an order for the election of a colonel,
vice Fairbanks, resigned. Should Lieu
tenant Colonel Whltton, who is now in
command, be promoted, there will also
be an order for the election of a lieuten
ant colonel.
The Naval Militia Is now working under
the new tactics of the United States
navy. Last Tuesday night there was a
drill In artillery, which is now part of the
tactics.
The Naval Militia has not received its
State allowances for three quarters, and
is bankrupt and Its credit sadly shat
tered. To such an extent is Its credit im
paired that the electric power company.
not being able to collect Its dues, sent a
man to the Marion while the men were
preparing for drill last Tuesday and cut
out all the lights, leaving the Marion in
total darkness.
A Case of irteckless Driving.
Yesterday afternoon Joseph Graf and
Joseph Donnelly hired a horse and buggy
at the Willows stable, on Mission street,
near Seventeenth. On reaching theCorbett
road proceeded to ascertain the animal's
speed. In the attempt the buggy was up
set and the horse injured in such a man
ner that it had to be shot. Both meti were
arrested last evening by Officers Brown
and Connell, on a charge of cruelty to
animals and of fast driving.
TRIED TO USE HIS BAYONET.
Private Han-y McCann While Intox
icated Attempts to Transfix a
Citizen.
Harry McCann, a private In the Twen
ty-first United States Infantry, while in
an Inebriated condition yesterday morn
ing, attempted to stab a man on Third
street and was taken Into custody and
charged at the Harbor police station with
an assault with a deadly weapon.
The soldier was in a quarrelsome mood
and stopped a passer-by and engaged him
In a discussion. He grew excited, and
finally attempted to transfix his antagon
ist with a bayonet, but was overpowered
by two men before he cou'd do any dam
age.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs F L Rogers. lowa Mrs Crandall. L Ang
J C Wright. S Rosa Mrs Billings. Chicago
W Hinsey. PaJo Alto Dr W B Pino. Minn
W G French. N V Mrs Pino. Minn
Mrs French. NY A Sole, London
J Houghteling, Chicago Mrs Sole, London
O W Johnson. Wis G J Brier, St Lou1«
J F Giles. N V Mrs Brier. St Louis
Baron Rlcetlofer. N V J M Williams. USA
T G Lewten. US N 'Dr Solf. Berlin
C \V Ames, U S N lo D Norton. U S N
H Featherton, Chicago J Gonzales. Mexico
J W Kepner, Wash J Montesano. Mexico
H C Smith, Mexico J R Lowe. S Jose
J Peabody. Chicago E Kwerlen. N V
A Teachow. Cleveland Mrs Kwerten. N V
Mrs Teachow, Cleveld J Unthicum, Balto
R J Slckels. N V Mrs Linthicum. Balto
G Sully. N V Mrs Moffatt. Portland
B Hyman. N V W M Petrel. Sacto
J L Lohield. Phila IG A Duncan. St Lake.
W Batchelder. Chicago Dr Pace. Tulare
M Tillotson, NY I O Trippet. S Diego
J H Judson. Cal D M Garrison, U S N
Mrs Judson. Cal i J T Rader, N V
J N Crandall. L Ang ' A Kaiser, Stockton
GRAND HOTEL.
W M Gottschalk, Wis !' Raker, Sacto
S T Kanders. Wis I A L Harris, S Rosa
13 M rock. Stockton 'W F Helm. Marysville
W B Thurman, Madera B McDonald, Oakland
r J Walker, Alameda I D Ludwig. Cal
J C McMillan. Cal J O Derr & w, Cal
t* J O'Hara, L Ang J C Perrln. S Jose
T E Beatty, L Ang F F Sharpleis, Minn
H D Pearsey. Cal F Dulmaine. Cal
E A Wllcox, S Jose H M Clair Jr. Pa
F White. Berkeley J E Thompson. Saeto
L H Chabot, Cal M R Madary, Fresno
P A I'rmsen. Sacto Mr 6 O Cowan, Ind
F Baker. Berkeley Miss O Cowan, Ind
B I Tuttle. Oakland G H Bartlett. Sonora
5 H Gin, Vallejo J Dayman, Colusa
CJ C Mitchell. U S N G M Pock. Stockton
C E Arnold. Cal C M Hartley, Cal
n P Wi'.klns &f. 111 H Peterson &w, Cal
Mr? M Norris & c, Colo W A Emmett. Belmont
R H French & w, Cal O H Braughler & w,
0 J Harris, w& c. Cal Sactn
H J Hull & w, Cnl A B Spalding. Cal
C R Bmuer, L Ang |Mrs F W Gregory. Cal
W B Plneo & w, Minn Mrs W C Ferlor, Colo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R W Gntes. Chicago ;R E Allen, S Cruz
W BernstPln, Chicago J Rodman. Baltimore
J C WtUser. S Jose A, J Price. Oregon
Q Meyer, Vallejo T J Newburn. Colo
A Sandman. Stockton J L Davis. Cal
.1 Mulroy, N V F Peterson. L Ang
J Rlnjr. Fresno Miss Peterson. I- Ang
J Murtha. Tulare J I) Moran, Pacto
J W Martin, S Jos« C Laudman. Visalia
J Cuevas, Delano I
6ANI FRANCISCO CALL.
BT'STNESS OFFirK of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street!, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
»7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until S o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
3OLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16T~^~
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter "gj&K
St.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING, jM
at 8 o'clock. All fraters are courte- fIUI
ously invited. The Order of Malta will ▼
be conferred.
(HAS. L PATTON, Em. Com.
1.1.1 AM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J\_
Huslneas and M. E. M. degree. /vJ\
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, 7:30 J^
o'clock. Second degree. By order of "IC3f
the W. M. /V>
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. •
M. Funeral notice — Officers and mem- _^V_
bers are requested to assemble at Ma- jS jf
sonic Temple on TUESDAY, the ISth /^T>
Inst., at 12:45 o'clock, for the purpose of
conducting the funeral ceremonies of our
late brother. Past Master EMANUEL
EMANUEL, thence to late residence of de-
ceased, 1916 Pacific aye. and to Home of
Peace Cemetery by 3:30 p. m. train. By or-
der of the W. M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- A
DAY). April 17. 1899, at 7:30 o'clock TL/jt
p. m. Second degree. By order of the f^w '
W. M. . L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. a
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1539 Fill- JV
more Third degree THIS (MON- TKlf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /▼>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
THE members of Unity Alliance No. 14, St. P.
A. of A., are hereby notified to assemble at
the undertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor &
Co., 767 Mission St., on SUNDAY MORNING,
at 8:30 o'clock,' to attend the funeral of our
late brother. JOHN McSHEFFEREY. By
order of P. F. MCCARTHY. President.
NOTICE In hereby given by order of the Board
C of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholder!!
of (aid Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1599. at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Comoany, at the building
where the said Board of Director? usually
meets, namely, .at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market fit.. In the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California: that
the object of paid meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). In
United States gold coin for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its cteam
and sailing ships and all other property of
paid Company now owned or hereafter to ba
acquired by said Company. »
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Comp-
any.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, .327 Market st., on and
after Thursday. April 20th, 1899.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
__ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALB.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls await situ-
ations. Address or telephone, MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as sewing
and assist with children; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Batter st.
AT the German Employment' Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell St.. tel. Main 5332.
help of all nationalities await positions.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, a position
as working housekeeper or general housework
in small family; city or country; good. refer-
ences. Apply _ for. two. days, 162 South Park.
YOUNG Swedish girl Just from the East wishes
■ situation to do chamberwork In hotel or up-
stairs work In private family or laundry
work. 7 Verona place.
GIRL wishes situation in private family to do
general housework; good plain cook: best of
reference. 1236 Mission St., bet. Eighth and
Ninth. ■.
2 SWEDISH girls want positions together, one
as cook, other as second girl; $25 and $30; city
or. country- Call or address 1635 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes position in small Ameri-
can family to do general housework; city or
country. 80 McAllister st. . '
A NEAT young girl wishes situation to do
housework. Apply 320 Devlsadero St., cor. of
Oak; call bet. 3 and 6.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation by
the day. , 229 Shipley st., second floor.
FIRST-CLASS cook; do plain wash; can do ho-
tel work. Call 929 Pine St.; city references.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
LADY of means wishes position as working
housekeeper; country preferred. EMPLOY-
MENT, box 1000, Call office.
COOK, First-class, wishes a situation in pri-
vate family; no objection to country; 7 years'
reference from last place. Address 1421 Pine.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing or
housecleaning by the day. 121 Valencia »t.
COMPETENT, accurate stenographer and typ-
ist wishes position; moderate salary. Box
A 43. Call office.
REFINED American lady would like position
as companion to invalid lady or grown child-
ren: no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences. Box 973, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper or cook; city or country- Ad-
dress E., box 68. Cotatl. C&L
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms: Xc to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $»
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from f<rry: elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT German couple desire situations;
man make himself generally useful; woman
good cook and houseworker; mining camp
or ranch; best .references. Please address
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
TWO first-class English butlers desire situa-
tions; best of references; city or country.
For full particulars please address or tele-
phone MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ; phone
Grant 120.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary »t. ; tel. PoU 11.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 421.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day at $1 50 per day. Address Housecleaner,
74S Howard St., room 6.
AN honest, capable man of good habits desires
position as bookkeeper or office man with re-
liable firm where merit and strict attention to
business will be appreciated; good recom-
mendations; moderate salary. Box 34, Call.
Al PIANIST for entertainment or dance work;
position in country; also as hotel clerk. Box
A 44, Call office.
WANTED— By university student out of health,
position on ranch where he can earn board by
tutoring and other work; excellent references.
Box 1006, Call office.
COACHMAN, single, Swedish; thorough ex-
perience; good houseworker and man about
place; well posted in the city; sober, uses no
tobacco; not afraid of work; many years with
came employer; best references. Address A.
R WOODSIDE, San Mateo, Cal.
GARDENER wishes a position on private
place; understands care of horses and cows
and is generally useful. Box A 30, Call office.
COOK would like a position in country board-
ing house or mining, camp; sober and indus-
trious. Address N. 8., box 143, Call office.
SOBER, competent bread baker, can work on
cake, wishes a situation in the country. Box
A 26, Call office.
GARDENER. Italian, single, desires position
on gentleman' b place; best of references from
abroad and East; no horses or cow wanted.
Address GUALTIERI. 222 Broadway.
GARDENER, single, desires a position on pri-
vate place; understands greenhouses; to lay
out places; not afraid of work; best of
references. Address A. R., box 1, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and Indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework,
In office, family, boarding; best references.
A. B. V.. 1329 Pine st.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler. 15 years' ex-
perience, desires employment: town or coun-
try; references. Address G., box 746, Call.
WANTED— By reliable and steady young man.
a position as night watchman; best of refer-
ences; 3 years last place. Box 982. Call office.
JAPANESE man wants position: who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? if
any, try me. Address Box 970, Call office.
WANTED — Position as cook: wife to man-
age mining company boarding house or to
run prime on other proposition; references.
B x 964. Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN girl, bakery, $16 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist light housework, $12.
MISS CULLEN, 32;. Sutter st.
NEAT girl for light upstairs work and sewing,
$12; Berkeley; see lady here. MISS CULLEN,
32. r . Sutter st.
2 PLAIN Ironers, $1 per day each; country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NURSE girl, 1 child 3 years old, sleep home,
Jll MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter *t
NEAT colored girl, light second work; Menlo
Park. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
HOUSEWORK. Mill Valley. $2:,: Martinez, $20;
Pleasanton, $25 to $30; Tehachapl, $20; An-
tinch, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter et.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, city, $5 per week
each; 2 waitresses, same country hotel, SL'o
each; 3 waitresses, same hotel, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, US Sutter Ft.
I BOARDINU bouse cooks, $20 and $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
25 waitresses for springs and summer resorts
for May l ; call and engage your places now.
C. R HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
10 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
6 waitresses, city, $20; 4 lunch an<! dinner
waitresses, $20; waitress, Carson City, New,
$20. fare paid; chambermaid to wait for min-
ing town, fine place, $20, fare paid: chamber-
maid to wait, near city, $20: 2 restaurant
waitresses, $5 week; fancy lroner, short ways
In country. $10 week, see party here 9:30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Jewish family cooks. $30; 4 house girl?. $25
and $30; and great many girls for housework,
$15 to $25; 2 young nurse girls, sleep home. $10
month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
seamstress !•>■ the day for a private family;
. nuut be a left-handed sewer; no office fees.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl. Menlo Park, 2 In family. $25, see
party here 10 o'clock; cook, $30; 2 cooks, $25
each; second girl, $25; waitress, $15; colored
houpe girl, $15; 8 young girls to assist, $10 to
$15; middle-aged woman, country, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
50 YOUNG girls for housework; also a number
of girls to assist, wages $20 and $1.">: girls for
Modesto. Bakersfleld, Dlxon, Sacramento,
watre? $2.'. MIPS DILLON, 315 Sutter st.
Telephone Main SO4.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
nnd girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkln st.
HELP of all nationalities wanted to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
GIRL for upstairs work. $20: also girl for
housework. $2.1. 631 Larkln st.
NEAT and reliable young girl wanted for
housework for small country hotel: must be
good waitress. Call or address 621 Taylor
aye., Alameda; get off at Webster-st. station,
narrow gauge.
WANTED— A reliable young girl to assist In
housework; 4 In family; wages $15. Apply
bet. 10 and 12 a. m. Monday at 918 Eddy st.
GENERAL housework: a thorough, competent
girl. Call 2197 Devisadero st., bet. Sacramento
and Clay.
WANTED — Starchers and mangle women. Sun
Laundry, Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye.,
Oakland.
GIRLS to help on skirts; pay while learning.
S6B Mission st.. room 7.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking. 1962 Bush st.
GOOD cook wanted. Apply 2f>32 Jackson St.,
bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
GOOD ooatmaker, tailoress and girl for shop.
2519 Greenwich St.. near Baker.
GIRLS to work on vests. 339 Kearny St., room
11.
NEAT girl for light housework; wages $8 per
month. 1605 Laguna st., cor. Post.
WANTED— An experienced waitress for hotel.
Call ;it 2M Hyde st.
WANTED— Good cook with city references;
wages $25. 1220 Ellis st.
GIRL to assist in housework; small family;
no cooking. 14138 Mason st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1317 Hyde st.
OIRL to do general housework for family of
3 at Tehachapl. Call 818 Hayes st.
GIRL for cooking and housework in country
Call 1409 Webster st.
RESPECTABLE woman to help around. Ad-
ply 448 Third st.
FIRST -CLASB finishers on pants; steady work!
85S Howard St., over handball court.
GIRL for light housework, Berkeley, $12 I^l
quire SOS Filbert st., S. F.. after 9 a. m.
16- YEAR-OLD girl to help In kitchen. Call 1326
Polk st.
GIRL for housework; small family; references"
1135 Park St., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants Tai
O'Farrell st.
HOUSE K'irl for Jewish family f J, n , children
$15; good place for the right girl. Box A 19*
Call office. «
GIRL to take care of baby; $15; reference re-
quired. 3232 Jackson Ft.
WANTED— A colored girl for general house-
work; wages $15. Apply at 579 Harrison St.,
corner Second.
HELP WANTED—ContIn-ed.
EXPERIENCED hands on fancy neckwear to
work in factory and at home. 623 Market
et., room S.
WANTED— Operators on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market St.
WANTED— First-class walstmakers. 126 Kear-
ny, room 46.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators; best
prices; steady employment. EAGLESON _
CO., 535 Market st.
WANTED— Finishers on men's custom coats;
steady work. .518 Market st.
RATNER CLOAK CO.— Wanted, first-class flnr
ish hand for cloaks and capes. 1028 Market.
RESPECTABLE, competent girl between 15 and
16 to assist In housework. Call after 9 o'clock,
714 McAllister St.
WANTED— GirI to assist with housework. 1535
McAllister St.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work in factory. 623 Market St., room 8.
OPERATOR on pants; also finishers. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. Powell and Eddy sts.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant ISS
100 teamsters and laborers; railroad work;
regular wages; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. . .Phone Grant 185
20 laborers to work around reservoir, build
roads, etc.. $2 a day; fare 50c.
20 laborers for railroad 1 work, $1 75 a day;
board $4 50 a week; fare 50c.
10 teamsters, city, $1 75 a day; board $4 50
a week.
6 farmers for a large fruit ranch, $20 and
board.
Blcckmakers and splitters for a slate quarry,
$2 50 a day.
cement finisher, $4 a day.
Blacksmiths, woodchoppers, farmers, milk-
ers, choremen, stablemen, coal miners, tie-
makers and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. __________
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. . .Phone Grant 185
Head and second cook, hotel. $50 and $30; sec-
ond cook, reetaurant, $60; second cook, miners'
boarding-house. $35; German waiter, country
hotel, $25; kitchen hand for springs, $25; dish-
washers, vegetable men, -kitchen hands and
others. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 quartz miners, $2 day and board;
carpenter for ranch, $25 and found; 3 black-
smiths; Swiss milker, $25; laborer and wife,
$40; choreman for private place, $20; office
boy. $3 week; teamsters. $1 75 day: starcher,
$1 25 day; 2 Italian farmers, $17; cooks, wait-
ers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., K2S Sacramento st.
WANTED
6 more laborers
for city, long Job. at $1 per day and board;
2 farmers, near city, $20 and $25; milker, $30-
Plate splitters and block makers, $2 50 day; 10
laborers for mill, $20 and board; man to milk
10 cows and chore on ranch. $25; and others;
2 farmers for first-class vineyard company,
$20, steady Job. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st.
MAN cook, summer resort, short distance, $30
to $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BELL boy. $12 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED man as dishwasher. $o per
month. MISS rri.LF.N, 325 Sutter st.
MURR.AY & READY Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents ..
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
10 more laborers for a large company, near
city $2 day
City work, 5 pick and shovel men, $1 50 day;
laborers for the yards of a large sawmill
company, north, see boss here; milker and
farmer, $30 and found; harnessmaker; black-
smith helper, country shop, $25 and found;
blacksmith helper, ranch; milk wagon driver,
city; farm hands and milkers; woodchoppers,
tiemakers, coal miners, etc. MURRAY &
READY. 634-fi36 Clay st.
FARMER and wife, Santa Cruz County, $35
and found; ehoreman, same ranch. $20; host-
ler, livery stable, $25 and found; ranch cooks;
baker's helper, $20 and found; cooks, waiters,
etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Steady man satisfied with $12 per
week with chance of Increase; light work:
must have $75 cash. 1032 Market St., room 4.
ARCHITECTURAL draughtsman; entirely
competent for best work. Apply 18th floor,
Claus Spreckels building.
BOY to learn typesetting: with some experi-
ence preferred. Com. Pub. Co., top floor, 34
California Bt *
WANTED — Canvassers': Industrial insurance;
good commission. R. RALPH, 511 Montgom-
ery st.
DRIVER for bakery wagon; experience and
references rt-quired. RUTZ'S Bakery, 836
Valencia st.
WANTED — General agent for California blank-
books, etc. J. W. Fenn. 126 Ellis (The Royal.)
COATMAKER fnr country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter St.
5 BARBERS wanted; city and country; first-
class wages. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted to buy shop at 427 San Pablo
aye., Oakland; must be sold.
BARBER— Steady single man; 16c shop. 2204
Flllmore et.
ERRAND boy wanted at 138 Russ st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1504 Kentucky st.
Reldy's Hotel.
WANTED— Second cook. 1012 Battery st.
WANTED— A good waiter at 1024 Hyde St.,
Cable Restaurant; call early.
GOOD and sober dishwasher. 8 Jackson st.
WANTED— Man to carry a sign. 19 Fourth St.,
between 7 and 8 a. m.
NEAT dishwasher wanted at 202 Townsend st.,
corner Third. ,
WANTED— Scraper drivers and laborers at
Broadway and Devisadero st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop, $2 per week. 858
Howard St., over handball court.
WANTED — First-class tailor to work in store.
224 Ellis st.
PIANO player wanted. 914 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet-maker wanted. 6 Ninth
street.
WANTED — Boy with experience to assist in
dining room. Apply 532 Third st.
BARBERS, attention— A good paying 15c shop,
2 chairs and cigar stand, on corner; owner
going East. Box A 12, Call office.
TWO first-class ladies' tailors wanted for the
country; must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts.. San Francisco.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declarei their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and hnblts and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 6 feet 5
inches and 6 feet In height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 4d
Ellis nt., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— An all-around carriage painter; one
who can letter. Address P. O. box 16, Red-
wood City.
WANTED— A good trunkmaker. Address D D
WHITNEY. 423 So. Spring st.. Los Angeles!
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 634 Ellis
street.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 10« Second st.
WANTED— Good custom coatmakere; steady
work. 618 Market st.
TO go this week-500 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 35c to
■We. 562 Mission et., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy 17 or IS to do bicycle repair-
ing for board apd lodging; small wages; nne
home. Address box A 45, Call office.
WANTED— A man to do pressing and bushel-
ing. Apply San Jose Woolen Mills Co., 523
Market Bt.
WANTED— Salesman and repairer for type-
write; ; state experience. Apply Call office.
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
160 MEN to take best single room. 15c night; $1
week; "France House." 149 3d St.. and "Oak-
land House." 664 Vi Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-5C6 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 160 lair*
rooms; fco per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. W Steuart st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau. 1125 Market »t. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW. Secretary.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near M_v
ket; 700 rooms. 26c night; reading room; fr««
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week. '
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S F
Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 60 a month.
Li-dell House. Sixth ao4 Howard sts.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade:
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
BOlelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 B0 wk. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
~~ AGENTS WANTED.
A GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral Dew-
ey" and "America's New. Possessions"; su-
perbly illustrated; sample, 25c. stamps or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
114 Fifth aye.. New York.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out: sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $50 cash: balance on time; best
paying business. 40 Ellis et., room 19.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J?~C\~MUTHER. 632 Market St., pays highest
'cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
DENTISTS.
DrT~t"~S HIGGI.NS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a. specialty, Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always th« most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned: pure gold filling from $1; plate*
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5- crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painjess'and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st. -
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
' ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood b.dg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; t««tn
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 3
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Ft., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years. '
TEETH without plates a- specialty: full set of
teeth $5; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental- Parlors; guaranteed
work 1 lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $3; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM~HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable ; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. __
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. «th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth.
$4; filling, gold. SOc: silver. 25.-: crowns. $3.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, gaol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college: shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bid?.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; Ufa
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market."
FOR use of an unfurnished room a lady will
teach elocution or English branches or coach
pupils. Address box 9, Call office.
! NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merkl, violin, mandolin, guitar. 100S Mission.
, LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
I way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Postj ablest profs.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
STORE fixtures for bakery and coffee parlor.
Call at grocery, cor. Ellis and Webster sts.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 133 Beale St.— sale, 1
band saw, 1 12-inch Pony planer, 1 2 : -i horse-
power gas engine, 1 hydraulic pump (3 plun-«
gers. high pressure), boilers, engines, pumps,
second hand.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second harul.
J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st,
above Sixth.
A GENUINE C. F. Martin guitar for $20, cost
originally $45, at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.
FOR sale— Tent 12x4; also two platforms at Mill
Valley. Box A 22, Call.
FINE fast 22-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
ply at Harbor View Park.
LARGE 2-story stable covering lot 50x150; to be
removed. 1375 Eddy st.
FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and frame. 70S
San Bruno aye. .
FOR sale— Fine rosewood large-sized Reglna
music box and records. 714 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine in fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 514-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 BeaU st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission Ft., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THH
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $500; 2. $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
BAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
I sizes; half original cost. 109- 111 Market. S. F.
LOST.
LOST— Between Fortieth st. and Temescal,
gray shawl. Leave at MOORE'S grocery
store, Oakland; reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of OLIVIA A. MACKLIN. No. 231-659.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JOHN N. WHYTLAW; No. 116-082.
I The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— Lady's small purse containing coin.
Apply counter. Call Office.
FOUND— Great Dane. Owner can have same
by paying expenses. 1129 Mission st. H.
ZWT'-K.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law";
6th floor. Chronicle building* no . advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cares; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees: call or write.
ADVICE free; no advance charges: estates
damages, attachments, wills, contracts; all
cases private. J. B. EVANS, 14 McAllister
St.. room 64. next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections G W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn,
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
HORSES. ~
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. £28 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts
buggies. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st!
PHYSICIANS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence
, - 1021_ Market- ft... bet. 6th and 7tk. >BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-Stso: DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkln Bt.; doins a splendid pay-
Ins buFincFft; rooms; rent low; owners bought
<-■ untry hotel. Call R. G. WILKE, i'o6 Mar-
ket st. :':'^:'V-
A— MOflO; MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar. etc.;
new r> years' lease: always ZOO or more steady
boarders; Investigate at once; a. genuine bar-
pain. Call R. G. WILKE. rin. S. 906 Market.
A- j:.V>; i:i: A.WH bakery, with 3 nice living
roo:r.s; choicest location in the Mission; 1-i nt
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, nil. 8.W6 Market.
A-JIWG: SALOON In Wettern Addition:- ele-
gant Cxutres; club and iadles' roo:ii&; side en-
ttsir.ee: lioir.g a tlrst-cia.'-s paying business;
r. r.t. s:3. Call WILKE, I'ffi Market st.
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
f.rst-class investment R. G. WILKE. room
fc. M 6 Market st.
A-flC."i: ; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollnrf; in Bight; latent right for the U. 8. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
fnriner cf mist grower needs thorn; smail
cost cf manufacturing. Particulars of R. G.
■\\ ILKE, 808 Market t-t., room C.
WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of any
kin.l. STRAND _ CO., 1027% Market st
above Sixth.
J175 — DELICATESSEN store; fine stand; 3
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND & CO.. 1027U
Market st. ■ . -;.. ...
$350- CIGAR and variety store; 4 rooms; fur-
llshed; a snap. STRAND & CO.. 1027 Vi Mar-
-1 SALOON, opposite Oahlnnd ferry; ylck-
MarkeT^t ° f Eale ' STHAXU & CO " ««*
J4OOO— ROAD house;, includes valuable property"-
a fortune. STRAND & CO.. 1027H Market st.
Jl6oo— PLANING mill: best payiniTonTh»~coastl
ii. full valued STRAND _ C0.7.1027H Market st.
$2ft>— PARTNER wanted in old-established bua-
Iness; will rleur 575 month to t:voh: no oxperl-
er.ee necessary. STKAND _ CO.. 1027Vs Mkt.
$200j^SALOON; 2 rooms; rent JU; pays wellT
a STRAND _& CO.. 1027^ Market st. above tith.
$::•■>— R RANCH bakery, groceries, etc.. btore;
r»oei|its $40 to $60 Weekly; 5 rooms; garden;
Al business; beautiful home; rent $13 .".0. M.
$;O'i—COKNER; East-st. saloon; receipts $S to
Jin; remember thins? ar.> now booming on
city front; rent 420. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$1250— CORNER grocery and bar; best part
Western Addition; full value in sight; 'good
horse and wagon; b!« bar trade*; beat class
cash custom; full investigation. M LESS.
_■•.-> Market st.
KREDO _ CO" 224 GEARY ST.,
..Real Estate and Business Chance Brokers. .
.. : .....A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
;i;?~ Brar ' f:n bakery; living rooms.
$-'"'— Cigar stand; near Chronicle.
5- ri o— I ......... flat; cost $500.
$2000— Drug store; $20 daily; doctor's practice
worth $300 mo. KREIK) 4 CO., 22V4 Oeary.
$200— PARTNER wanted; must be satisfied with
J.t) rer month to start; no night or Sunday
work. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market St. "
$1000— SALOON on Market 'st. ; completely fitted
with ali modern improvements; fine trade;
more than worth of your money; without fall
investigate. S. H. GOULD _ CO.. 632 Market.
CALL ar.ii see our list of hotels, loons gro-
ceries, a tine-paying bakery, all established;
ranches, country merchandise stores, station-
ery stores, cigar stands for sale an<l exchange;
parties wishing to make quick sales will cull
-:; at : our Office. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market et.
FOR sale cr rent— An olil-establiEhed brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit
for business. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
A=-$150; PARTNER wanted: established busi-
ness; $12 to JIS a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cath apply to MOON _ CO.. IOOSVi Market St.
JiII— BRANCH bakery; a nice place; living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES & CO., 865 Market
DRESSMAKING parlors on Sutter St.; paying
business. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
FOR SALE— First-class bakery] 1537 O'Far-
__r <^n_ J^j
TAILORING business for sale on account ol
skkr.e<-s. 402 Stevenson St.
BARBER V°hop for sale; owner leaving city.
!3?2 Powell f-t., near Broadway.
FIRST-CLASS 15c and 2oc 4-chair barber shop;
cheap; sickness. Inquire Call off!
OX account of sickness; restaurant; must b«
sold quick; at your own price. 511S Jones st
FTORE fixtures, showcases to let: suitable
rarely: reasonable to business parties. 2S4S
Folsom Bt.
FOR sale— Millinery store; long established 1
sickness cause for selling. liox 33, Call.
PARTNER with $1000 Tor manufacture of new
patent article. Hox A 16, Call ofnee.
$Cf>OO— GOOD paying saloon within a block of
Call building. Box A-23. Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery and ealoon at 667 Howard
Bt.; near Sixth; 3 rooms In rear.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon for sale, cheap-
eet ever known, at 3oti Minna st
A— toiy-0 TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city: estab-
lished 12 years; a good chance for steady man.
Call at S".O Market st., room f<, opp. Fourth st.
PAYING restaurant for sale cheap: low rent.
Apply MRS. OREER, 1941 Market st.
FOR gale-Restaurant, all fitted up. with 12
private rooms. Inquire at 18 Mason st.
$U r O— FIRST-CLASS manufacturing establish-
ment, doing a good business; owners wish
to retire on account of other investments. Box
'.'O3, Call office.
PARTNER— Reliable man with small capital
for well paying business; trial. 41 Third st.,
:.i 5.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third tt.
ROUTES on thi3 paper for Bale. Apply this
e.fflce.
EALOON and shooting gallery; make offer; 443
. Dupont Et . trial given. Inquire afternoon 19
Sixth st.
EALOON for sale. fcO Jackson st, bet Davis
and Drumm.
FOR pal* on account of clckaess. florist and
nursery stock, greenhouff and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to OS a day. or
will exchange for real estate across tho bay.
Apply 600 Haight »t
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, deslrei
to .til his tailoring business, including Mock
and good will. 340 Third «t.
COFFEE and tea routen supplied from OHO.
XV. CASWELL Xr rO.'S.' -MS Sacramento «t.
lOJH.IX. HOL'SKB K)H SAJLK^
KRKDO & CO :2'4 Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
jcjo Elegantly furnished flat; centrally lorat-
ed; 2 ruoms pay rent.
$4000— 110 rooms; cheap rent; . clears $3000
yearly.
J3oO— in room?; best location; easily worth
XVf): don't miss It.
$1300 — 45 rooms: corner Kearny; bargain.
14*0— 10 rooms; N. of Market; special bargain.
2500— 8G-room hotel ; clears tZIO month.
! 1J"00— E3 rooms; b»st transient; Market st
"or long list of bargain call on KItEDO ■
85- ROOM bay-winrlow house, elegant furniture,
hair-topped mattresses; north of Market, near
the Emporium; clears $150; must bo sold.
DECKER, 102 D Market St.
VL ROOM HOUSES '■ FOR OAKLAND; "
ALAMEDA OR CITY PROPERTY.
14 Tfy>ti-.n; on O'Karrell ot $3.">0
37-r'jom house; large yard: downtown.... 400
15 rooms; clears $100: only 300
22 rooms; exchange for larger house (no
14-room house on Van Ness 350
C4-roorn house; clears $200: payments 3000
21-room hou?e on Van Ne.-s aye 1506
. n-ror,m house; clears $300 1600
IT rooms; on Sixth st 1 450
tFOR A HOUSE ANY HI/,:: OR PRICE call
on 11. C. liECKER, 1020 Market St., cpp. Sth.
80 ROOMS; rent $C 0; mutt sell $550
21 rooms; rent $4.'.; new; $600 cash 1200
40 room*; rent $M; money maker 800
121 rooms: rent 5110: good location 2100
MANY OTHER GOOD BARGAINS. GET
LIST. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
MINNA, f.39. near Sixth— Finely furnished
■ house, 7 rooms and hath; tunny yard; to rent
nr.d furniture for sale; agents need not ap-
ply: rent reasonable.
|300-2 r j ROOMS: always occupied: furniture
good order: compulHory kale, returning to
Trance. j;Ci'4 Bush et.
L^inGlNG-HOUSES— IB rooms. *250; 36 rooms
$.*/*; 2S rooms, $S00; ?.S rooms. $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
MUST Fell for hal value; 10-room house; pays
• well. Apply 106 Eleventh st; no agents.
>r!OOM hou*e: furniture In good order; will
f»-I1 rensc.nflhie. 2TO Minna m .
riIIMTIKi; 'Fbii~s\LW.
TOR sale-- Furniture of 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; will sell cheap: no dealers
•tviintefl. 2116 A Howard St., bet. 17th and ISth.
I ROOMS furnished In onk for $<<> 50. with No.
T ranee King Ftirnltnro Co.. 1127-1131 M.rj-.t.
STO II AGE.
CALA. Ptirnr* Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
*2: MW.gn; goods guaranteed; 1 1. Clay 25.
RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
[Ofnc«. 401 Po«t at., cor. Powell: tel. Main 6713.
PIERCeTiTtaTLOR Storage Company: pack-
Icg, advance, etc. 732 Market; tel. Black 311.
TKIISONALS.
"HER, the popular hairdresser; popular
prices, 25c; good switches, $1; fine, $2 50; long-
est hair rolls, 30c; Qulntonlca, the Infallible
hair tonic. 35c bottle. G. LEDERER. 123
BtoCktoa Bt.
ELDERLY gentleman, a widower, unlncum-
bered, wishes correspondence with a lady of
corresponding age. Address J. M. WILL-
SON, Postofflce.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES-A cure for every
one. for all complaints; price Vital Ore, $1;
Vital Ore Pills, 25c; Vital Ore Oline, 50c: send
me your address and 1 will call or send by
mall. J. ''■ FORD, 340 Third Bt.. S. F.. Cal.
DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric physician, 1104
Market st.. the Vendome. room 48.
IN divorce matters will give full information
■tree: strictly confidential. Eox 831. Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
_ effective. 1128 Sutter it. MRS. CLAY.TON.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jose
__ave-. near^Twenty- fourth st. Tel. White 4SI.
Companionable woman tor very
light housework and sewing; one in family
K5O Twenty-fourth st.
DETECTIVE work In all legitimate branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tectfye; exceptional references; correspond-
ence solicited. Call or address Commercial
Detective Agency, 272 Valencia st.
LEDERER' Quinonia, a perfect hair dressing;
makes it glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot
Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg. O. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
1 tit 25c. Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
Bt very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. m Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st. Law a Specialty.
Han Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
i Send for Circular. . Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St.. near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling: fee. $1 and upward. :
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
2r.c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and front the ferry.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
' SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
feLEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
• SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
] WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. S4B O'Farrell st.
. SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. V TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection -.guarntd.Dr.Gordln.sl4 Pin*, ab.Keamy
FOLDING beds $8 50; bednn sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
■ BERWIN St' GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st
; A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
—
JHKSSMAKEHS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
sTTritualismT" ■
. A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
tt.. near Polk; counsel. 50c; by letter, 50c:
meetings every night. 10c.
MRS. SIENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight et
MRS ELLIS, test* to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrgll.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
; AT 1013V6 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
; family troubles, restore lost affections. make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move Influence, bad habits; will give correct
information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
10234 Market street, San Francisco.
[ _____ .
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st.,
between . well and Mason. Her success as a
. medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for Important information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice an business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage —
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
Beck her counsel and start ar'.pht. Positively
■no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
■ end Hght: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: ladies. Me; gents. $1: sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR, 34 Sixth Fortunes by
planets: predicted in '74 overdue stmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist.
405 Kearny st. ; room 34; French and German
ken.
YOUR future- told by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission
st., downstairs.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 25c;
gents, 50c. C27V4 Post st.
MISS L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Market st, room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st. room* 1 and i.
MISS A. L. CARLSON fortune teller by cards,
rnlmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. rooms 2-Z.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 2".c up. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st, rooms 9 and 11.
MM! MOREAU. the best fortune teller; 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth Ft., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned: card reader and mag-
nctsst 207 Powell Ft, rooms S and 6.
MME. HANSON, palmist nnd card reader;
past, present and future; JBe. 153V£ r.th, r. 21.
RETURNED— EPNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis si parlors 6 and 7.TS
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farroll ft.
PALMISTRY.
MME.NEERGAARD, l>uplT~CounT~St~Ger-
maine: 816 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2f.21: reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
st: 15 years* experience: references given.
CARPET CLEANING.
CTTY^Stearn Carpet-cleaning — Cleans,
moves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVEN.", Mgr.,
2S and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN"S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; t<-l South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
ETRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN 7 8 Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate ii v". : tel. East 126.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 6 of order IMS of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September- 15, 18S0,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1572. there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
et., on MONDAY, May 15. 1899. at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by th(» police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on file in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.! also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc., property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I J. TRUMAN, City and County Treasurer. ,
/ -
THE SAN FT^AyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1899.
: HOUSES TO LET.
MINNA, 521. In rear, bet. Sixth and Seventh-*
6-room house; rent $10 month. Apply 1021
Mission st., near Sixth.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
. printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. • ' ■
BUNNY house. 6 rooms; bath; newly, painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
FUIINISHED HOUSES TO LET.
6-ROOM modern cottage, furnished, $13 per mo.,
12 mos., at Larkspur. Apply 316 California
St.. room 20. . ,
FURNISHED house to let-Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 655 Guerrero st.
FURNISHED S-room cottage; piano; large
yard; to rent whole or part. 2237 Jackson st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1717—6 sunny rooms, bath; stable; large
yard; $18 per month.
SUNNY cottages, 6 rooms, bath, basement;
also flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
Ft., near Dolores.
SUNNY 4-room cottage; small family only;
also flat. 623 Second st., near Brannan.
$6 EACH— Cottage, 5 rooms; 2 new flats of 4
rooms; near Thirty-fourth and Mission
sts. Apply 64 Silver st., off Third, k
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 458, near Seventeenth' and Market-
i Modern sunny double flat, 10 rooms; stable;
I cheap.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick-Modern
funny flat; 6 rooms; bath; cheap.
EDDY, 1307—6 rooms; bath; all modern im-
provements; rent $22, water free.
FLAT— large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 250S Larkln st.
NEW sunny modern lower flat; 6 rooms. 1014
Broderlck st., near park.
NINTH, 237— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
NOB Hill; never occupied; all sunny; 7-room
Hat: tiled bath; open plumbing; $45. 564
Pine st, bet. Mason and Taylor. .. : "
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PLEASANT modern flat. 6 rooms, bath; reason-
able rent. 7.15 A Ellis st.
POST, . 1640— Nice sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath;, rent $20.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4078. near Castro— Upper
sunny 6 rooms; $15.
697 Noe st, corner Nineteenth; upper 5
i rooms: $17.
UPPER sunny flat: 926 Valencia; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $25. Inquire dry-goods store, 930 Valencia.
$7 60 — 3 SUNNY upper rooms; 4 closets; yard;
cellar. 1008 Natoma St.. near Eleventh, rear.
$S 50 — UPPER flat of 4 rooms: sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$11— LOWER flat. 4 rooms; mantel; folding
' doors. 715 Tehama St., near Eighth.
— FLAT 4 large rooms; bath; modern im-
■ provements. 300 Bartlett St., near 24th.
$15— CORNER flat of 6 rooms, bath; sun all
• day. 110 San Jose aye., bet Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth st?.
$21— SUNNY Hat, almost new, 6 rooms and
bath. 617 Oak st.
$27 EO— BAT-WINDOW flat of 8 rooms and
bath. 1627 Clay st., near Polk.
2026 California, 7 r.$SO Scott, 7 r $30
8030V4 Wash. 6 r..32 SO 1809 Turk, 6 r 17
707 Stockton, 6 r... 26 1696 Page, 3 r 15
244 Frederick, 6 r.. 23: 507 Hickory. 6 r 15
842 Fell, 6 r 19 720 Monty ay.. 6 r.. 11
631 Fell, 3 r 13 523 Linden nv.. 4 r.. 10
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPINGS
A SUITE of 2 lartre nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
• room; furniture ail new; $2 per week, $S per
month; no children. Apply at shoe store, 562
.Mission st, between First and Second sts.
AT 20 NINTH St., near Market— 2 sunny con-
necting rooms; $10; stove, water, gas: single.
BRYANT, Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
EDDY, B<iri — Large front housekeeping room;
also single room; private family; reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 124 ■. -Two newly furnished front
parlors; housekeeping: $3 a week.
ELLIS, 1528. near Webster — rare chance; 4
sunny upper mis. and bath in private family.
FIFTEENTH, 1696, cor. Valencia— 2 sunny un-
' furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath, gas;
adults.
FIRST. 25—3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping, $12 mo. 2 unfurnished, $0.
FOLSOM, Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 794. near Fourth— large sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping;, $10.
FOLSOM, — Nice large front room for house-
keeping and single; $1 a week.
■ GEARY, 1505 — 3 or 4 connecting rooms, neatly
furnished; also 1 single room; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1210 large sunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping; private.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Unfurnished
sunny 3-room suites; with gas range.
' HARRISON, 73S— 2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, $7 50.
HOWARD, 1144 — Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
LAGUNA, 908, near McAllister— 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg. rooms; complete; kitchen.
LARGE furnished room, with housekeeping
conveniences. Address 121714 Howard st.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— A sunny floor consist-
Ing of alcove, kitchen, bath, complete for
keeping, $12.
MINNA, 436— Large sunny furnished house-
keeping room, with cook stove, (>',.
MINNA, 646, near Sixth — Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; Mission
and Howard cars.
MINNA, 646 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION. 1125V4. near Seventh— Furnished
hkpg front room; good cook stove; cheap.
MISSION, 1430— Nice large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 143." iB —Newly furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen, $15; use of parlor.
MONTGOMERY, 1402— 3. furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $8 per month.
OAK. 119—2 front rooms, clean and furnished
complete for housekeeping. $5 and $8 each.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunn.- bay-window
parlors; grate, closets, kitchen. gas stove;
single, en suite.
POST, 732— Furnished rooms; housekeeping, pri-
vate residence; references. Call bet. 11 and 2.
POWELL. -ii Unfurnished or partly furnish-
<-"1 housekeeping rooms.
SEVENTH, 262— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
large yard.
WELL, 211—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
SEVENTH. 191— Large bay-window rooms for
housekeeping; also connecting rooms; -reason-
ahle.
SIXTH. 136—2 sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also other rooms; $1 week; quiet house
SIXTH, 406 — A suite of housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month: gas and bath.
SIXTH. 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also 'parlor suite; bath; reasonable.
STEVENSON, 642. between Seventh and Eighth
— Furnished sunny front room; light house-
keeping If desired; bath; central.
STOCKTON. 711— Sunny furnished, rooms for
■keeping; reasonable/ .
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; nice yard; also single.
THIRD, 309—2 large rooms complete for house-
keeping; also other rooms.
TWO sunny flats, bath, 4 rooms each; 1 fur-
nished; $17 and $14; couples, no children. 811
Leavenworth st.
VALENCIA. 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished; light housekeeping. -
VAN NESS, 43— Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; sunny and cheap; from $1 50 week up.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms; gas range. •
WASHINGTON, C2o— Unfurnished room, newly
papered, $4 per month. ■
~ ROOMS TO LET.
AT 810 A Geary St., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone: servants; board optional; $33 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $160 day. MRS. J. KINO.
APARTMENTS elegantly furnished to quiet
gentlemen; rent $1 da) Box'7Bo, Call office.
AT BUTTER, 717 -Very choice, sunny, new,
reasonable; appreciated If- seen; investigate.
AT 62 Second, between Market and Mission-
Single and double room*, $1 to $3 per week.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
A— THE WALDollFT^4^Fl7thTt~^ew?^Bunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)—
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA, 320— Nicely furnished front
room.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DODGE pi., 6, off Turk, bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin sts.— sunny room; $5.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms, $7 to $16
month: other desirable rooms, $6 upwards.
EDDY. 207— Nice sunny front rooms, with
running water and gas; $2 up.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap- ■
er and better than any house In the city.
FIFTH, 152, between Howard and Mission— 4
furnished rooms, front or back, $1 25 and up.
GEARY. 556, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished Funny parlor: piano; phone; other
rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
GEARY. 7S&— Large sunny back and front rooms
for gentlemen, ?8 and $10 per month; private
family; reference. r.i.'- :
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en. suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
GROVE, 134— Corner bay-window suite; Incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $9 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most; central part city; elevator.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest corner-
Pleasant front room for single gentlemen;
rent reasonable..
HOWARD, 1052—2 nice furnished front sunny
rooms. $5 month; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1072— Three sunny rooms in the
rear; $6.
HOWARD. 1159— Furnished rooms, single or en
suite, $1 .5 a week.
JESSIE, 433—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; tingle; cheap.
KEARNY, 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room,' $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 14358 — Unfurnished sunny back
room; $4. . __
OAK, 885— Large furnished front rooms, with
gas and bath; private family.
O'FARRELL 10— Sunny furnished rooms ; ele-
vator: electric lights: day, week or month.
POLK, 607—2 sunny furnished rooms; running
water.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night. S6c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $3; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat; baths.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 142— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suite or single; $1 up.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opfL
TAYLOR, Large sunny front room for 2;
hot and cold water; bath.
TEHAMA, 425, nr. Fifth, bet. Howard and
Folsom— 2 furnished rooms, one $4,- other $5.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Small light room;
running water; rent $3.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
VALENCIA, 634V4, near Twentieth— Furnished
room, with grate, use bath, $5; unfurnished,
$3 month.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front room; bath;
$6 a month.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
A~pTE^SANT^IiOME for tourißts^279 North
First st, Han Jose, Cal.; centrally located,
near broad-gauge depot; service first class.
BOARD and room for young man; bath; $12
to $14 month; private. 834V4 Valencia st.
ELLIS, 595— Newly furnished rooms, with or
without board; reasonable.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
use piano; parlor; phone. 850 Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, 609. near Mason— prettily fur-
nished room for 1 or 2, with board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite: bath; excellent board.
YOUNG man or working girl can find rooms
and board in private family: terms reason-
able: gas and bath. Box 41. Call office.
RESTAURANTS^
LOMBARDIS French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O 1 Fan-ell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and lea
cream parlor. 1035 Market: popular prices.
CHILDREN lIUAUUBU.
CHILDREN .boarded on ranch; near school,
postoffice and cars; not younger than 8 years;
from responsible parties; good care. Address
MRS. F. W., Yountville, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home for little girl; best of care. $9; pri-
vate family. 834V4 Valencia st., near 20th.
CHILD to board; 1 to 4 years old; best of care.
910 Howard st.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LET.
BUILDING. 639 California Bt., near Kearny;
suitable for a restaurant or saloon; 3 stories
and basement: in perfect order: rent very
reasonable. Apply G. F. BOWMAN, 327 Mont-
gomery st
CENTRALLY located corner store; with light
basement; suitable for French liquor store.
Apply DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery.
STORE fixtures and 4 rooms at 23 Clementina
Ft. : cheap rent.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished, apartments.
WAREHOUSES TO LET.
BRICK warehouses to let; near Santa Fe rail-
. road yard; complete for storage or factory;
226 Main st. and 225 Fremont st. ; also ware-
house. Battery st, between Jackson and Pa-
■ cific. For rents and particulars apply COF-
FEY. HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.:
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
tame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
■ Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
8 Klngsburyii, used 7 months .....185 i
Vose, mahogany case 223 ;
Sterling, used IS months 270
All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'
26, 28 and 30 Fan-ell st. pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of • all grades
and prices; terms easy;' prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
»50, CHICKERING: $75. Hallett & Davis; $65,
Woodworth upright; $100, Rossini upright;
$100. Hallett & Davis; pianos rented, $2 up.
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
A FINE high grade piano, slightly used, sacri-
ficed immediately for cash by owner. .The J.
Dewing Co.. room 10, Flood building, Fourth
and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5:
rented nt $2 50 per month. BCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 860 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tlsts; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 218 McAllister st.
A SACRIFICE of n*w piano • and Martin
guitar; leaving. Room 15, 1021 Van Ness aye.
FOR sale— Fine Reglna music box with 80
tunes; bargain. 410 Tehama st.; call Sunday.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 808 to SU Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
BOHMER. BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st. v-
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75- up;
rents $3 60 up (allowed on purchase). 138 Ellis.
W. O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon find HalMt & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. '
SUPERIOR violins, ilthera, old ;.nd new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
PINE-ST. RESIDENCE.
Elegant residence of 12 rooms and bath
and stable: Al condition: street bitu-
minized; cement sidewalk; bank mort-
gage of $5000. can remain; lot 42x137:6.
Substantial well-built house of '■) rooms
and bath; also stable in rear; street
bltumenized; cement sidewalk: Califor-
nia and Fillmore street cars: 2 lots. 2Zx
137:6 each.
INVESTMENT IN OUTSIDE LAND.
Offer wanted on outside land block:
•few blocks from ocean boulevard; must
be sold.
BARGAIN.
$6,000— 0n north side of Golden Gate aye.; 2
stores and cottage; rents $30 per month;
large lot, 43:0x137:6 to rear street.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
Elegant modern residence, built Colo-
nial style; commands an unsurpassed
view of bay and Mount Tamalpnis; in-
terior of house finished In hardwood;
beautiful mantels; gas and electricity
, throughout the house; large corner lot;
■ 37:6x100.
A SNAP.
$3,500— fine pair of flats; punny side of
street; half a block north of Market st.;
street- bitumfnized; land alone worth
more than price asked; rents $32 per
month.
BANCHEZ-ST. FLATS.
$3,000—2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms, bath and base-
ment; all modern conveniences; almost
new; street work all done; lot 25x100.
MAKE AX OFFER.
A fine Mock of lots on San Bruno
road; must be sold.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Will sell for debts and expenses a
well-built cottage in one .of the best
parts (if the Mission, near Twentieth
and Valencia Bts.; at a small expense
can be made into flats.
McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
$4750—3 elegant flats of 6. 5, 5 rooms; rents $44:
street bitumenized; near Park Panhan-
d le; 25x137:6.
' TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
$3,000—2 blocks from Third and Market Bts.;
4 flats, rented low at $32 per month; will
take lot in part payment.
INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$2,6oo— Rents $396 per annum; 4 fine flats of 4
rooms each; separate basement; street
bitumenized; cement sidewalk; lot 26
xIOO.
MISSION COTTAGES.
$2,soo— Nice cottage of 8 rooms; finished base-
ment; on Alabama st. : choice location;
cash above mortgage $1000; lot 25x100.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
;:■-.:-; : cis Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
, first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-6> Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at GVi per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest, rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 848 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould. 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save In-
terest. . Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d moftg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery ft.
financial:
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLODER, 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger,3l2 Examiner big.
J \I>KKT OPTICIANS.
DANGER SIGNALS ~
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARNING!
EAch examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE Is duly recorded anil ap-
proved by highest authorities. GEO. MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
10714 Market St., San Francisco. Open
evenings.
~~ MEDICAL^
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and ntate their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. 15; no instruments
used ; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Lurk!:. office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
cutting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH tansy WAFERS, the. world's fa-
nous remedy fur Irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never falling and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the, faded; French Tansy
Wafers are the only reliable female remedy in
the world; Imported from Paris: take nothing
else from druggists, but insist on the genuine;
in red wrappers with crown trade mark.
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., druggists, 214
Kearny at. H. L. I.ADI) & CO.. druggists,
northwest cor. Fourth and Howard Bts.,
agents. Pan Francisco.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; sett-cure sent; call or write; free;, confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
♦very woman her own physician: can be sent
6afe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialist* ;
and ladies' physiclanp for 87 years; sea us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instrument!! used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped in-
etantly. consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. in.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 10234 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latent methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far Fee DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
H hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure
.$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth: tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular .physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting: others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-7C6 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties belnc used;
advice free: hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 8 and
■ 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $150. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
ruro Mfg. Co., 631 St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; *2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best rets.;
IE4OH Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
~~. SEWING MACHINES.
|2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS block; clears T7«r~cent?~~
Business house and lot; business part.
$5600— S-room modern cottage; Western Add'n.
$2500— cozy new cottage; warm .belt.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st
$1300 AND 12400— 5100 cash. $25 a month; 4 and
5 room cottages, with bath and basement; all
latest improvements. 524 Elizabeth st. or
USA Eleventh. J. ANDERSON. Builder.
DON'T pay any more rent when you can buy
a pair of modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath for $1000 cash: balance same as rent;
go look at them. Frederick st., near Clayton.
$6000—2 ELEGANT flats. 6 and 7 rooms; base-
ment partly finished; large stable. 2229 and
2231 Fifteenth st., between Noe and Castro;
owner lives lower flat. ,
IF you have lets that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
HOUSE and lot with 2 flats; 706 Birch aye.. bet.
Webster and Buchanan; $500 down, balance
same as rent. Apply W. WOLF. 403 Ellis st.
$1000 CASH; $1500 mortgage: residence; nr. Cas-
tro cars. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery.
COUNTRY R_AL. iSSTATB.
DAIRY farm on shares: cows, horses and pigs,
kens, orchard; all utensils; good chance
for a responsible man and wife; no capital
required. Apply in person to R. E. ROW-
LAND. Orinda Park, back of Berkeley.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County: $125 per acre; Income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG.. 7 Grant ay.
$9000— MAKE offer; a superb-paying home, 2
miles from Santa Clara; 13% acres, all In
bearing trees; large house, barn, windmill,
tank and all implements. Inquire at 9 Geary
St., room 15.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7560
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 802 California St.. S. F.
$6 TO $30 an acre: list free: crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwcod. Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EQUITY of $5000 In city residence, best street,
for country home; state particulars. Box
18, Call office.
2 LOTS; 50x120 In all: south of Park, on 7th
aye., bet. X and J: in exchange; house and
lot in Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley; worth
about $2000. Address A. D., Frultvale P. O.
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries; table board for. piano. 712
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED House of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around San Leandro, Haywards, Fruitvale.
Apply Call Office.
HOUSE and lot wanted; $2500 to $3000; cash.
Box 32. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE a fine 12-rooms house, beautiful cor-
ner, 100x100; center of Oakland; worth $8000;
will sell cheap for cash or exchange for ranch
near San Francisco. C. P. KERN. 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland.
CAMERAS — Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc.
(drummers' samples) to dispose at once; will
soil below cost. 513 Examiner building.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST-CLASS rooms and board in private fam-
ily; large grounds; with advantages of coun-
try; convenient to Oakland and San Fran-
Cisco; references required. Address P. O. box
78, Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5. 6. 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
et., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
$2000 — LARGE corner lot and 6-room new mod-
ern cottage (to order); 6-room cottage, $1300.
J. H. YOUNG. Builder, 1242 Park st.
$1450— LOT 50x125:6; on Central aye.; great bar-
gain. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
1706 Market st.
AJ.A3IEDA ROOMS AND BOARd!
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. '• L NKE. 1416 Bth st.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL furnished house In Alameda; 12
rooms and bath; sunny corner; large grounds
and stable; full particulars at office. BURN-
HAM & MARSH- CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES. ~
HILLEOASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 1*) feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
FOR sale at a — Almost new house of
7 rooms and bath; 2 blocks from depot; street
work done; faces west; fine view of bay and
hills; only $250 down and $17 50 per month.
O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
HOUSE 2 flats, containing 11 rooms; 4 minutes
to depot and university; rent $22: price $2500;
house 7 rooms, bath; lot 50x13.'.; good location;
street work done; $1500. FUEESE & COD-
DINGTON. East Berkeley station.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ■ offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
TOBRINER— In this city. April 16, 1899, to the
wife of I. Tobrlner. a daughter.
_____
"died.
Bowen. Charles R. Johnson, Carlo M.
Here. Ludwlg M. London, Rehurdah
Boje, Robert E. Lull, George W.
Bidekoff. T^iretta C. Lumsden. Margaret
Borer, Arthur H. McDermott. Patrick
Collins. Helen Mageo, Miss Rose
Collins, Mrs. Lucy M. . Murphy, Timothy
Campbell, William Murphy, Sarah
Conway, M. J. Mayrisch. Otto M.
Carlson, John E. Nicholson, Olga
Paly, John J. O'Connor. Rev. P. J.
I'UL-f'fin, Ellen C. Overgard. Ulrlka A.
Eldracher, Peter Phelan, Mary A.
Emanuel. Em,inu»l I'erry. Margaret F.
Eastland. Alice L. Smith. Duncan H.
ran, Patrick Stevens, Mrs. Llna
Jones, Emma O. Stout, John
Wilde. John
BOWEN— In Oakland, April IS. 1899. at the
residence of his grandparents. Mr. and Mrs
Charles R. Bowen, 1439 Market street, Charles
Russell, beloved son of Willard H. and Gus-
sie A. Bowen. aged 7 years 7 months and 23
days. (Yreka and Fort Jones papers please
copy.)
(CTThe funeral service* will take place
this day (Mcnday), at 3 o'clock. Inttrment
private.
BERG— In Eldridge, Sonoma County, April 15,
1599, Ludwlg M., beloved son of .Tohann and
Lena Berg, and brother ;of Arthur Berg, aged
15 years and 11 months.
BOJE— In this city, April 16, 1899, "Robert E.,
beloved husband of Carolina Boje, and brother
of Mrs. G. A. Gysln. a native of Germany,
aged 11 years. A member of the German
Krleger Vereln.
Remains at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
pen & CO., 22S McAllister street.
BIDEKOFF— this city, April 15, 1899. Loretta
C, beloved daughter of August and Mary
Bidekoff, and sister of Albertlna and Joseph-
ine Bidekoff, a native of California, aged IS
years and 3 months.-
BOGER— In this city, April 16, 1899, Arthur
Henry, dearly beloved son of Fred E. and
Magcialena Boger, and brother of Ida, Alma
and Alice Boger, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years 4 months and 13 days.
COLLINS— this city. April 15, 1899, Helen,
beloved daughter of Michael J. and Ellen Col-
lins, and sister of John, Mary and Joseph
Collins, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
inTFriend 1 - and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2616 Greenwich street, between
Baker and Lyon. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COLLINS— ApriI 14, IMS M r s. Lucy M. Collins,
a native of Illinois, aged 66 years 7 months
and 21 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
f fully incited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at. 2 o'clock, at. the First
New Jerusalem Church. O'Farrell street, near
Webster. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of H.
C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street, Mission
Masonic Temple.
eAMPBELL-In this city. April 15. 1599, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Nell Campbell, a native
of the Hawaiian Islands, aged IS years and 4
months.
CON WAY— In this city. April 16, 1899, M. J.,
beloved husband of Margaret Conway, ' and
father of George F., Mathilde B. and Loretta
V. Conway, and Mrs. Charles W. Welch, a
native of County Derry, Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 314 Eighth avenue, between Point Lo-
bos avenue and Clement street, thence to Star
of the Sea Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Please omit
flowers. Interment Mount Calvary cemetery.
CARLSON— this city, April 16. 1899. John Ed-
ward Carlson, beloved father of Mrs. J. A.
Nichols of Mendoclno. Mrs. Henry Nelson and
Edward Carlson of San Francisoo, a native
of Sweden, aged 72 years .
DALY— this city, April 15, 1899. John J.,
beloved son of J. W. and L. Daly, and grand-
son of Jeremiah and Mary Daly and of J. B.
and Kate Bel}, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 27 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 142 Lexington avenue. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUGGAN— In Berkeley, April 15. 1899, Ellen c.
beloved daughter of Robert and Mary Dug-
gan, and sister of John F., Edward J.. Nicho-
las S. and Phillip Durrgan, a native of Berke-
ley, aged 19 years 4 months a: d 13 days.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, corner of Parker and Dana
streets, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing nt 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land.
ELDRACHER— In this city, April 15, 1899,
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Helen El-
dracher. and father of Charles J. and William
F. Eldracher, a native of Baden, Germany,
ajrM 66 years 11 months and 16 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence. 157 Seventh street, between Mission
and Howard, thence to Bt Boniface Church,
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Leav-
enworth streets, where a solemn requiem hlch
maps will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EMANUEL— In this city. April 16. 1899, Eman-
uel ' Emanuel. brother of the late Lewis
Emanuel, and uncle of L. Lowengrund. Mrs.
M. S. Neneass and Eliza and Joseph L.
Emanuel, a native of London, England, aged
65 years 2 months and 14 days.
lC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1916 Pacific avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
EASTLAND— In Mirabel, _os Gatos. April 16.
1R99, Alice Lander, widow of the late Joseph
O. Eastland, and mother of Joseph J. and
Thomas B. Eastland. a native of Kentucky.
CTFuneral services will be held at the
crematory at Cypress Lawn Cemetery to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock.
FORAN— In this city. April 14. I*o9, Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Foran,
a native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged
SO years 10 months and 14 days. (Boston pa-
pers please copy.)
GTFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2025 Devlsadero street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, April 13. 1899, Emma Oak-
ley Jones, wife of the late Charles Jones,
mother of Charles J. Jones, and grandmother
of Charles R. Jones and Mrs. .7. B. Horn, a
native of Shershlll. Staffordshire. England,
aged 77 years 11 months and 11 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from the Simpson
M. E. Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets. .Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. April 15, 1899, Carlo
Martin, beloved son of Peter and Maria John-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 15 days.
LONDON— In this city. April l«, 1899, Rebur-
dah, beloved daughter of Nellie and the late
William London, and sister of William W.,
Nellie. Blanche. Florence and Gertrude Lon-
don, a native of San Francisco, aged 18 years
6 months and 6 days. (New York City papers
please copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
services will be held at 11:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LULL— In this city. April 16; ISO 9. George W.
Lull, a native of Vermont, aged 68 years 10
months and 18 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
LUMBDEN— this city. April 15, 1599 Mar-
garet Gay Lumsden, mother of Mrs. Daniel
Whitehall, Mrs. John Marshall, William
Lumsden and Mrs John Thompson, a native
of Lasswade, Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 75
years and 11 months.
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2:15
o'clock, from her late residence, IOH'-i Marl-
posa street. Interment private in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by the 3:30 o'clock train from
TMrd and Townsend streets.
McDKRMOTT— In this city, April 15, 1599, Pat-
rick McDermott, a native of Ireland, aged 56
years.
(C7*Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street.
MAGEE— In this city, April 14. 1899. at Our
Ladies' Home. 33 Rincon place, Miss Rose
Magee, a native of County Meath, Ireland,
aged 71 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of St. Mary's Hospital, thence to the
I Chapel of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, April 15, 1899, Timo-
thy Murphy, beloved brother Of Mrs. .1. Rlley
and Mrs. E. Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 35 years.
tCTNotico of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Theodor Dierks,
957 Mission street.
MURPHY— In Pinole. April 16, 1899, Sarah, be-
loved daughter of Katherine and T. Murphy,
and sister of Mose and Mary Murphy, aged
19 years 4 months and 11 days.
Funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday),.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MAYRISCH— In this city. April 16, 1899, Otto
M-, beloved husband of Bertha Mayrisch, and
father of Otto. William, Carl, Herman and
Fred ; Mayrisch, Mrs. A. Olson and Mrs. A.
Anderson, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
1 month and 11 days. - - • • . .-..'■". ••, -.-.
NICHOLSON— In this city, April 16, 1599, Olga,
beloved wife of William Nicholson, mother of
Willie and Olga Nicholson, daughter of Ed-
ward and Olga Wr-nzel. and sister of Paula,
Helene, Edward and Ella Wenzel. a native of
San Francisco, aged 35 years and 2 months.
C". Friend' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 513 Jessie street, near Sixth. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery- V - ;
O'CONNOR— A solemn anniversary requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of Rev. P. J. O'Connor In St. James
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock. The clergy
and friends and relatives are Invited to
attend.
OVERGARD— In Mojave, Cal., April 14. 1899.
Ulrlka Annetta, eldest and dearly beloved
daughter of the late Engual and Allda Over-
gard. and sister of Ida and Enguat Overgard,
a native of Chicago, aged 25 years and 5
months.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PHELAN— In this city, April 16, ' 1899, Mary
■ Agnes, dearly beloved daughter of Dr. G. J.
and Cecelia Phelan, a native of California,
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Ignatius Church,, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Santa Clara
by 10:40 o'clock train, leaving Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets. ' ■ ■
PERRY— In San Rafael. April 15, U99, Mar-
garet Frances Perry, sister of Mrs. E. E.
Eyre, a native of Charlottesvllle, Va., aged
69 years 1 month and 9 days.
(ETFuneral services Will be held at the resi-
dence of her niece. Mrs. George M. Pinckard,
this day (Monday), at 11 o'clock. Interment
private.
SMITH— In this city. April 14. 1899, Duncan H.
Smith, a native of Canada, aged 57 years 9
months and 3 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Ppwell street, corner of Post. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city. April IS. 1899, Mrs.
Una Stevens, dearly beloved mother of Wil-
liam Stevens of Vallejo, Cal., a native of
California.
STOUT— In this city, April 15, 1J99, John Stout.
a native of New York, asred 68 years. A
memcer of the Veteran Volunteer Firemen's
Association.
(ET Remains at the parlors of Gantner &
Guntz Undertaking Company, 8 and 10, City
Hall square.
WILDE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 16. 1899. John Wilde, a native of Eng-
land. aged 66 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher). '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3L
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ... ;..;■.-■-*
AIcAVOY «si co., I
FUNEKAL, DIRECTORS ie EMtJALMEM I
UK Market sL, between Bth and »ta> ■ 6
■■ Telephone. Booth 147. I
910
PRESIDENT OF APIA
ARRIVES EN ROUTE
Dp. W. JH. Solf, tfje .Newly Jlppointed
Executive of the Samoan Islands,
DR. "VT. IT. SOT/F, thn present app<Mnto« of the three great powers,
T'nitM States, Fngl.-md and i;-'rninny, to the presidency of the munici
pality of Apia, arrived yesterday from Washington nnd is staying at the
Palace. He will leave for the Samoan Islands on vie Manposa at her
next saillntr.
Dr. Bolf was selected by a concert of the three countries which exercise a
protectorate power in the Islands. According to the treaty of ISS9, which gov
erns the relations of England; United States and Germ an v in regard to the
governmei I of these islands, a chief executive is chosen and in his hands are
entrusted the magisterial duties of rrxment. Dr. Smi Is the successor of
Dr. Raffel, who has lately been in this city en route to Berlin.
"I have no official information of the. lamentable outbreaks in Samoa, and
was deeply grieved when I heard of it," he said last night "I left Washington
before the news came. I do not think that the peaceful diplomatic relations
between Knpland, Germany and the United States will be in any way Bfect
ed by this native uprising. Just before leaving Washington I saw President
McKinley, Secretary Hay and the German Embassador, and our relations
were most pleasant and aprreeable.
"I do not i W commission will affect my position as
rrrs: ' : • I ■ determined later. It is
le that tl lay work a change in the plnn*
<>f the thr< nents, so I shall wait for Instructions before leaving this
country for my islar.d residence."
I>r. Solf ha r rnrlce of Oermanv for a number of
years. He w is in Cal sometime, occupied axi important position in
the forriim offli-- ••nt. and In late years ar-r<d as the
f the great German colony in East Af-
"HOOT MONS" GET
A BEAUTIFULLY
GILDED BRICK
How Edward G. Stet
son Ground His Ax.
AGAIN THE "HOODOO" DANCES
SAN RAFAEL GOLFERS RAISE
THE RED FLAG.
Ground Given for the Removal of
Klein's Sausage Factory In
closed by a Barbed Wire
Fence.
The "hoodoo" of the San Rafael Golf
Club hap swung its ghostly niblick again
and struck the apple of discord a thump,
causing the juice of sorrow and discontent
to spray the preen of Wagner vale. By
the present manifestation of the club's
hete noir a state of affairs is revealed
causing the members Immeasurable
chagrin.
The sachems of the Kan Rafael polfers
have burned their haniis puilinK chestnuts
nut of the fin- !""r another, and they are
as anprry as Hool Mona ran be. They had
their battle with Butcher Klein over his
sausage factory, and won their reward
in the. phape of a beautiful gold brl^k, lo
cated at the base of the rainbow p;unting:
the heaven roar Tamalpais. It is now
DEATH HAS CALLED
EMANUEL EMANUEL
The Pioneer Furniture
Dealer Died in This
City Yesterday.
E MANUEL Emanuel, proprietor of
the West Coast Furniture Com
pany, and one of the pioneers of
this city, expired at 3 o'clock yes
terday morning at his home, lf<l>s
Pacific avenue. Thirty years ago he
organized the company with his broth
er, Lewis Emanuel, and has success
fully conducted It since that time.
For the past two years, however, he
has been Its sole proprietor, his brother
having died in tills city about two
years ago.
Deceased was born In London and
n-as 86 years of ag-e. He has resided
continuously In California for over
fifty years. He was a generous em
ployer and was highly respected by all
who knew him. His many friends are
not confined to this city, for he was
well known and had business association? ' throughout the S'
Emanuel was prominent In Masonic circles and was f ears the
treasurer of Fidelity Lodge, F. and A. M. H* mil all
City Lodge, I. O. O. F., and a member of the American I-fgion of Honor.
His life was marked by his many acts nf rnarity. and he wai com
with a large number of the charitable associations of San Francisco.
Known that their esthetic sens* was not
ed by the famous slaughter-house
I in getting rid of that odor
factory they handled a redhoi chestnut
Idward Gray Stetson, a
brother-in-law of Sidney B. rushing
>■>>■. It is prohah]e that they will he re
a by requesting that gent!. 'man to
resign his honorary memtx o th< r
perquisites secured gratis. Fiut the club is
■ little sum of money Just the
sam<\ and the "hoodoo" is coming In for
a vigorous excoriation.
It Beems that Stetson owns a small cor
: pasturage ground Rejoining the
Inks, and in laying out a links it
v.-.is fi.und necessary to place the be
on the cow pasture When the
sition was broached the owner
manifested his pleasure and asked only
one thing in return— that the club assist
him in getting rid of Klein's odor factory
rhey joyfully agreed, and suit was
ght for an injunction against Klein
Superior Court. After a deal of
rring the matter was compromised
thing less than (1000 and the
slaught. r house removed.
In order to beautify the grounds the
Alarm County \\ ;n.r Company was paid
Previously t.. this
l used water from ;i well, and
alleged that the use. of this well
water has caused a. K ood deal of sickness
in his family, n. _ • • tße o f the
water as well aa the club. Btetson was
further remunerated by hims-lf and wife
being made honorary members, Bomethlng
in itself amounting to more than $100
ything Bowed along smoothly until
so. Then the members as
sembled for a practice game and were
Ished to find that Stetson bad built a
ed-wlre fence across bis land and
d a number of cows In the pasture to
feed. Frank Johnson of the Johnson
l,oeke < ompany went to Stetson and Jn
qulred the reason why the fence had been
i there, and was told the land was
ed lor pasture. Fred Green received
nllar reply. It • the act of
■ii was caused by a refusal to cease
employing certain caddies distasteful to
him. All argument failed and the club
has had to reconstruct the course of the
links. a really good course cannot bo
laid out until June l, when the lease of
land adjacent to the links expires.
The members are exceedingly wrathv
over the course of events and express
sorrow that they ever caused Butcher
Klein any trouhi. . The "hoodoo" appear
ing flrsi at that tlrnp has taken the form
Of hoi -nai! shoes, caddies on a strike use
of private caddies and a barbed-wire
fence. The members are waiting patient
ly for the list to become Oiled so they
can do a hard day's play in peace and
Hoot Mon it to their hearts' content But
they won't forget Stetson.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL, 17, 1899.
TEN THOUSAND
MORE TROOPS
FOR MANILA
Fleet of Transports
Will Soon Depart.
THE HANCOCK TO SAIL TO-DAY
BADGER WILL LEAVE FOB
SAMOA NEXT WEEK.
Patrick Kilcoyne Arrested for Smash
ing a Nickel-in-the-Slot Machine
in the New Ferry
Depot.
The United States transports were the
center of attraction on the front yester
day. Crowds were on the front from
early morning until late in the after
noon, but only -i favored few wore al
lowed on the wharves and ships. The
Senator came in from Manila during the
and docked at Broadway In the
morning. She brought three passengers,
! and b< r officers say that she and the
Ohio were ordered to San Francslco In a
hurry. The Ohio is hourly expected, and
both vessels will be prepared to return at
once with troops.
The Grant was to sail from Manila six
days after the Senator, with a crowd of
Invalided soldiers and a number of bodies
for interment in the United States, and
should arrive Tuesday or Wednesday.
The Hancock (Arizona) at Pacific-street
•wharf is ready to sail as soon as the
coming soldiers reach this port. The
Twenty-first Regiment of United States
Infantry is expected this morning, and
as .soon as it arrives the men will be
in. ached aboard and the ship Will sail at
high water to-night. In order to have a
cUar wharf for the troops to-day the
loading of the mail steamer Biariposa was
carried on with a rush yesterday.
The v .. 1 S . dia) is at Folsom
i, and will l" 1 ready to sail to-mor
row. M< n were engaged In putting her
new name <>n her bow yesterday, and a
crowd of people watched the proceed
ings all day. She will finish loading to
day, and as Boon a.s the troops assigned
to her arrive she will sail.
The work of loading the Morgan City
and Newport will begin to-day, rhe
: quartermaster department could not han
dle more than the two ships named, but
as they are now practically ready for
Bea work will begin at one-, on the New
port and Morgan City. While these two
- are being fitted out the Senator
and Ohio will go on the dry duck for an
• tn< y are
■ tin r two ships will ho loaded.
Leelanaw is at Main Btreet, and th*»
Bidston at the Bea wall. The former is
initig titled to carry a load of mules to
Manila and the latter is now almost
d with supplies for the troops. Al
; most the entire fleet will be away orready
to tail by the time the Grant gets In, bo
the quartermaster will be able to give his
undivided attention to the fitting out of
that vessel. She is 3646 tons burden, or
just a'jout twice the size of the Senator.
The Grant will bo followed by the Sher
man about ten days later, and between
them they will take away nearly three
regiments. It will be the first visit of the
Grant .>>. d Sherman to this port.
The United States auxiliary cruiser
Badger, which arri\>-d from Callao on
Saturday night, went to the Union Iron
Works yesterday. Some try re
pairs must be made to her machinery and,
as ttie navy-yard is rusim-d with work, the
Badger will be attended to here. The or
ders are to have her completed and ready
.i by the 25th inst., *o that to-mor
row week will probably Bee her beading
for Samoa with thy Samoan Commission
ers aboard. She has not been in the dry
dock for a long time, yet she came from
Callao, 4012 miles, in less than fourteen
daj a. When she has been drydocked and
overhauled she should, therefore, reach
Apia, Samoa, 4100 miles, in much bett< r
time and the 7th of May should sen her
anchored alongside of the Philadelphia.
Patrick Kilcoyne, a Baloon-keeper at 58
Bryant street, was locked up m the Har-
Police Station yesterday by Officer
Charles Callaghan on a charge of mali
cious mischief. Patrick left his .saloon
about noon in the care of the bark
and started on a trip to Oakl.-uid. On
ng the ferry depot ho made his way
to the upper waiting room and there espied
a nlckel-ln-tht-siot weighing machine.
Now, this particular machine, like many
another of Its kind, happened to be out of
order, but Pat was not aware of the fact.
lie got on the weighing table and, after a
few seconds' pause to steely the ma
chine, he dropped in a nickel. The mdi:
-: did not move and Pat swore softly
to himself. Then another nickel was
dropped in and still the machine would
not weigh and Patrick cursed the South
ern Pacific and all kindred monopolies
that Bet up nickel-in-the-slot machines to
rob th* guileless public. Then he
dropped in a tliird nickel and loht all pa
tience. Standing near Kilcoyne was one
of the janitors in the ferry depot.
"The thing is out of order,' 1 said be,
"and all it does is rob people. It ought
to be smashed."
The idea struck Kilcoyne as an excel
lent one and he proceeded to put it into
itlon. !!•■ Ufted the machine bodily
and threw it with a crash on the floor.
Women waiting for the ferryboat ncrcatn
i.l ;i;.il made a rush for the door. That
<!i(i not stop Kilcoyne, however, and he did
not leave the Plot machine until It was a
wreck. By that time Officer Callaghan,
was on the scene and at once placed Kil
■ und< r i i rest.
it -re were two narrow escapes from
drowning on the front yesterday. A
young fellow named George Tobin was
rescued by Frank Kenealy at Howard
street wharf and a boy named Teddy
Rodgers was saved by Harry Johnson at
Folsom-street wharf. The ship St.
Nicholas w;is docking at Howard street
and Tobin was taking her lines. After
making the headline fast he was stand-
Ing near it. The ship went astern and
as the line tightened It caught around
Tobin's leg and pulled him into the bay.
Kenealy happened to be standing on the
wharf, and. seeing Tobin's peril, threw
him a heaving line and got him ashore.
Teddj Rodgers nearly lost his life from
the Folsom-street float. He was watch-
Ing the xiassengers for the lowa get
aboard the launch William D and stood
with one foot on the launch and one on
the float. The launch moved out of the
slip and Teddy fell Into the bay. He
grabbed the side of the launch and was
towed out some distance before he let go.
Hp> could not swim and was going down
for the last time when Harry Johnson
plunged In and brought him ashore more
dead than alive. The youngster was
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital
nnd relieved of the water he had swal
lowed and th*>n sent home.
The ferry steamer Berkeley was In
trouble again yesterday. When making a
landing on this side at 1:20 p. m. yester
day she got caught In the tide rip and
went sideways into her slip. She jammed
there and It was nearly a quarter of an
hour before she could be moved. In the
meantime her passengers had to wait and
the Newark was forced to drift around in
the bay, awaiting her turn to dock. The
Berkeley was finally straightened out and
got away on her 1:30 p. m. trip, after
which the Newark docked and landed her
passengers.
Tho new turntable at the foot of Market.
street waa in operation yesterday and
proved to be vastly superior to the old
one. as it does away with the curve into
; East street.
To Give a Benefit Entertainment.
A grand entertainment consisting of
music, recitations and tableaux vivants
will be given by the Sodality of St. Aloy
suis of the Church of Notre Dame dcs
Victnires Thursday evening in Union
Square Hall. 431 Post street. The pro
ceeds will be devoted to the organ fund.
BISQUE FIGURES AND ORNAMENT DAT.
Koine articles cut 60 per cent.
lit. me articles cut 60 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores •Even'wjiei> . ■ -^.
A CHOIR BOY'S
FEARFUL FALL
ALBERT FATyTTC. a 10-year-old choir boy in St. Luke's -Church. Van Ness
avenue and Clay street, met with an accident yesterday morning that
may prove fatal.
He hart gone to Sunday school in the morning, and while waiting till
church opened he and some other boys went to the new structure in course, of
erection, the gates being kept open Sundays to allow parishioners to see how
the work is proceeding. The boys grot to the second floor, fronting V:in Ness
avenue, where two elevators used for hoisting mortar and material were
standing. Falck got onto one of the elevators and w;is, it is thought, trying to
step from one to the other when he missed his footing and fell to the bottom,
a distance of about thirty feet.
The boy struck on some loose planks In the basement at the bottom of
the elevator shafts and was picked up unconscious and carried to the first
floor. A message was sent to the North End police station and the uncon
scious boy was taken to the Receiving Hospital in the patrol wagon. Dr.
Well found that he was suffering from concussion of the brain and possible
internal Injuries. He recovered consciousness for a few minutes yesterday
afternoon and recognized his sister, who is a physician, and again lapsed
into unconsciousness.
His father, Bernharri Fnlck, and his sister remained at his bedside all day
and night yesterday. It is thought that his skull is fractured.
B-H-H-a-B-B-H-H-B-B-H-a-n-H-H-H-n-H-H-B-B-H
TWO YOUNGSTERS
SEVERELY INJURED
PAINFUL ACCIDENTS AT THE
PARK PLAYGROUND.
Sally's Body Lying in. State ac the
Chutes — Interesting Aqur.tic Pro
gramme at Sutro Baths.
Youngsters by thf» thousand thronged
the playground In the^ I'ark yesterday. It
bi eemed as though some special event was
the cause of the gathering of the hosis of
children, and matters were made to savor
even more of a sp.cial event gathering by
a couple of accidents in which as many
children were severely Injured.
George Herbert, who resides a.t Sol Pine
street, was the first to l>e taken to the
emergency hospital for treatment. Mas
ter Herbert, who has seen about seven an
nual school vacations, was performing on
fine of the merry-go-round horses, it is
said. Finally he lost his balance, and was
thrown heavily on the wooden platform.
The amhulance was summoned, he was
taken to the hospital, and it was found
that he had sustained a fracture of both
bones of the left arm near the wrist.. The.
injured member was set, after which the
lad was taken to his home.
Alice Tennis, who lives with her parents
at 178 Noe Btreet, was next treated at the
hospital. Miss Tennis was enjoying her
self in a swing when in some way she he
ram- entangled In its working parts and
her right leg was fractured below the
knee. Her ankle was also severely
lammed. After her hurts had been at
tended to she was removed to her home.
This ended the day's list of severe in
juries, although several suffered scratches
"and bruises from minor accidents, while
one woman fell from her horse and nar
rowly escaped receiving a broken arm.
She mounted her animnl, however, and
rode off, refusing the assistance of a po
liceman, who went to her aid.
At the Chutes there Is mourning. Sally,
the Intellectual little chimpanzee, passed
away last Friday of hemorrhage of the
stomach, superinduced by a seven- ease
of bronchitis, which caused the animal In
cessant coughing. Sally's body Is now
lying in state In the zoo. Dressed in im
maculate white, the body does not look
unlike that of a child or tender years
barring the whiskers— as it reposes In a
tiny white casket. Beside the body Congo.
the gorilla man who apparently suffers
genuine sorrow over the death of his pot
and companion, and Joe, theorang-outang,
JOSHUA R. RINES LAID
TO HIS FINAL REST
Last Honors to the
Veteran Letter-
Carrier.
THK funeral of the veteran letter
carrier, Joshua R. Rines. who
died rather suddenly last Tues
day nlgrht, was hold yesterday
afternoon under the Joint aus
pices of the letter carriers and
the Odd Fellows. The brief services
at the house were conducted by the
letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Associa
tion at 12:30, and then the remains
were placed In a hearse and escorted
to Odd Fellows' Hall by fully three
hundred mail carriers, headed by the
better Carriers' Band. Here services
wore held by the Odd Fellows, after
which the procession was again
formed and the remains escorted to
Fourteenth street, where the funeral train was in waiting to convey the
body and the mourners to Cypress Lawn, where the Interment took
place. The floral offerings were many and beautiful and attested the es
teem in which the dead carrier was held by his associates. Among the more
elaborate floral pieces were: "His Last Letter" from the clerks of Sta
tion D, a magnificent creation surmounted by a letter and with a mail
satchel at its base from the carriers of Station D, and a shield and chair
from the Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Association and the Independent Be
nevolent Association respectively. Abraham Lincoln Council, Junior Order
of American Mechanics, sent a letter to the widow, sympathizing with her
in her bereavement. John Rines, eldest brother of the deceased, and his
wife, of Seattle, attended the funeral.
Joshua R. Rines was the veteran letter carrier of the Pacific coast and
the last of the original seventeen carriers appointed to deliver Uncle Sam's
mail in San Francisco In 1869. He was born in Maltland, N. S., In 1834. and
and came to California by way of Cape Horn' in 1868, locating at Marys
ville. While firing a Fourth of July salute in 18G1 he lost an arm. Tn 1868
he removed to San Francisco, and four years later, on November 15, 1569, he
was appointed to deliver the mail by General Copy. Since that time he
had been absent from the city but three days in his almost thirty years of
service. In 1883 Mr. Rines began the agitation that resulted in the forma
tion of the Letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Society and was its first treasurer,
being four times re-elected to that position. He was president of the In
dependent Benevolent Association at the time of his death. He was a
brother of Dr. C. H. Rines of this city. One sister resides in the East, and
his mother, now In her 93d year, three sisters and a brother reside in the
State of Washington. Deceased left a widow but no children.
keep watch through the day. The body
will lie in .stale through the week, after
which time it will be forwarded to Pro
fessor Wilder of Cornell University to be
used for scientific purposes.
Sally belonged to that breed of monkeys
Bt approaching the human being in
anatomical construction and Intellect. Bhe
was just 23 months old at the timn of her
death. She was captured with Congo near
the Gaboon River, West Africa, by Ed
ward Edwards, a gorilla hunter of" note.
Like her kind, sho was very delicate, and
notwithstanding the Kreat care given lur
she took cold and dea.th resulted, which
means a loss of fully $f>ooo to her owners.
Next 1o the body of lamented Sally.
the London door maze and Lunette, the
maid of the aJr, proved the attractions
yesterday. At E o'clock Emll Markeburg
made an ascension and parachute drop,
closing the afternoon's round of entertain
ment.
Many people also visited the Cliff House
and Sutro Baths. At the baths the usual
aquatic contests were the Interesting f>.i
ture nf the day. Following 1 axe the results:
Fifty-yard dash, novice— Won by G.
O'Brien; \Y. Hurley Becond.
Fifty-yard dash, juvenile— ll. Irving
won, F. Duane second.
TTierh diving for buys— C. Pnnnvan won,.
H. Trying second.
Obstacle race through sma.ll tank — D.
C'nrrnii won. F. Duran second.
Trapeze diving — Otto Schiilf won.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — EL
Irving won. .1. Benzon second.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal us» because 1t Is pure.
Bauer Will Fight the Suit.
Martin Bauer, ex-vice president and
manager of the Boesoh Lamp Company,
states that he will fight the suit pending
against him for the recovery of $229 which
it Is alleged he embezzled from the com
pany. Bis defense will be that he ex
pended small sums in treating patrons of
the, company and in the Interest of trade,
lie says that his wife Is in no manner re
sponsible for this except that she advised
him not to .spend hjs own money when
securing patrons, but to make the firm
stand the expense.
"99" Cleveland bicycles. $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. I.oavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
Succumbs to His Injuries.
REmvOdh CITY, April 16.— Edward
Cooney, who was injured by being
dragged by a runaway horse at I^obetus a
few days ago, died at this place last night,
("ooney was well known throughout the
county. He was a memher of Redwood
Parlor No 66, Native Sons of the Golden
West.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _'__ ____^^,
SPECIAL VALUES
IT"Nr . . .
• ■ ■ JL^UNI ■ a «
I^«e^ I "WT TT* Hi j#^" | fcy jijl > **"Ihw yC^**"H >^^B^ \f
New Goods!
Silks. Black Goods.
Changeable Taffeta Silks, col- 1 case Black Mohair Crepons,
ored satin stripes,dark col- ten different (j»| 1C
orings, extra (j»| jIA • designs tpl«^«) Yd.
heavy quality «P""" Yd. —
— 20 pieces Extra Quality
Striped Taffeta Silks, white Black Mohair Crepons,
and monotone effects, poplin effects, eight
equal stripes, in violet, different de- <M CA
turquoise, $1 AA signs ; $L3llYd.
etc., etc.... «PI«VV Yd. . ~ -
=:«»'si.«o,..
Black and White and Blue
and White Checked Taf- 20 P' eces Black w w o 1 Taf "
fetas, complete line, dif- • fetas » 44 inches wide,
ferent size <M an genuine French manu-
checks. .... «PI»WU Yd. facture $1 25
Complete assortment of — —
best quality Printed Fou- 1 case Reversible Silk and
lard Silks, latest color- Wool Figured Etamines,
ings, 24 inches wide and four different designs,
extra fine (inn $2.00 and.. **) hq
twills tpI.UU Yd. qL.ld Yd.
SPECIAL !
19-inch CHECKED and STRIPED TAFFETAS, in navy and
white, and black and white,, also new effects and
colorings, extra fine quality—
75c Yard.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
OOLDBERS. BOWEN & COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
GDLDBERq
BDWEM
& CO
New York state sends us beech-
nut bacon — sliced —no waste —in
glass jars full 16 ounces— 2sc
Delicacy of flavor is the guaranty
of purity in Ma/en's maple syrup
Same reason sells Sierra Madre
olive oil
Everard beer is made from hops
—pints $1.55 quarts $2.35
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— fresh table 32^C
re£ularlyjsc square —
Our regular kind of course
Eggs — fresh ' 20c
Whiskey— WIT Mcßrayer $1 j £
reg'iy $i 50 bot $6 a a! 4 ro
Its name and our guarantee of purity
sells it
Peas } _ Sea Foam i2 / c
Peas j 12/2 C
regularly 15c tin
Young com from Maine
Little peas from Maryland
Alkethrepta— reg'iy 25c 20c
a homeopathic preparation of choco-
— very nice
Cherries in maraschino 62% C
regularly 70c bottle— a sweet meat "
Serve as a side dish— a tidbit
Baby pi molas— reg'iy 20c 3 bots COC
Olives stuffed with sweet red peppers
A delightful relish w
DateS-black ' . 2 lbs 2re
What rice is to Asia dates are to
Africa— it's bread
Olives— California * 2 OC
reg'iy 25c quart— light ripe
Some folks serve them like dishes of
strawberries
BoulHon CapSllleS-^nfcer'*- 2CC
reg'iy 30c box of ten
A nerve and body strengthener
Mustard horseradish 2 bottles 2 i^C
A good combination— are apps-
tizing and pungent
Brazil nuts i2j^c
First of the season
An edible nut from South America
Coffee— Crescent blend 2OC
teg'ly 25c Ib— pure 5 lbs 90C
Advices indicate coffee may soon be '
higher
Hair brushes— 50c 40c
Solid back— stiff white bristles
The best brush for the money we
ever saw
Raspberry jam 3 jars joe
reg'iy 25c— one pound jar
. Nothing but sugar and fruit
Mackerel— 10-ib kit $2 50
Heads and tails off—fat bloaters from
the coast of Ireland
Tooth brushes 2 for 2^c
Sanitary. . prccautloiv-a^ new tooth
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
brush — buy half a dozen.
Nothing cheap about these but the
price
Sink strainer— reg'iy 25c i^c
Keeps the sink and waste pipe from
choking
Toilet SOap-Persian Banquet 40C
reg'iy 50c box of three cakes
Made by Ed Pinaud Paris
Brilliantine— -FVnat/d 2^c
reg'iy 30c
Women use it on their hair and men
use it on their mustaches to give lustre
Country orders are executed carefully
by experienced grocers and packers
April catalogue free for a postal
432 Pine cis Sutter aBoo California San F;and»co
Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
RADKE & CO., I
118 Suttep Street, ||
ARE SHOWING 1 p
Ladies' solid gom u-tt. WatcUes $17.50 hpl
Gents' solid Gold u-Rt. Watcnes $25.00 nPH
Gents' solid silver Watches $7.50 nP S
Ladies' Solid Silver Watches $5.00 pH
MAIL ORDERS A SPECIAL FEATURE. ||
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom Hous« la San
Francisco.
SB 3 PI IPO
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
THIS DAY (Monday), April IT.
. At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY SX.
We received Imperative Instructions to sell
out this unsurpassed collection without reserv*.
Do not fail to attend. Goods on view Wednes-
day.
TURKISH RUO CO.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Bausch & Lomb-Zeiss
Stereo Binoculars,
The new and wonderful Reid
Glasses, at retail and wholesale
OPTICIANS^ nT^PHICAPPArTATUS,
-..-/. KH TO rf Scientific -v
642 Market St* instrument*
x unstß cnoniCLe Buhoinc ' *
"DR. MCNULTY.
qmtS WKl.l, KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1- Bp«ct»llatevre« Private, Nervous, and Blood Dts-
phsm oi Mm only. Book on Private Diseases and
W>Hkn*Mi>B of M pc, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
i'utleuMeutci:u Horns. Terms reasonable. >inur*o
to3<tully:&.V>tosi:«o ov'fts.Snndavs.lOtoli Consul-
tutlon and sacredly conndeatlal. Call.oraddrew
I*. UOSCOR BIcXUIiTY. M.l>.
•cn '■ a Hcaruy St.. Han Francisco. Cal.
■^DEWEY.SrRONGaCO.^X
P. PATENTSI
\yQrcf'^3Bmß:MrsimrnmMßmcm&K\fQr :
XS^33OMARKETSi^SwI^