VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 45.
ALAMEDA'S DISLOYAL REPRESENTATIVE
SINKS DEEPER IN THE MIRE OF DISGRACE
ON THE ROLL OF
DISHONOR NO NEW
NAMES ARE PLACED
Jilson of Siskiyou and Wright of Alameda
Are Alone in Their
Shame.
BURNS' WEAKNESS FULLY DEMONSTRATED
Notwithstanding All the Influence of the Southern Pacific
and the Disreputable Touts the Mine-Jumper's
Chances Have Not Increased in the
Slightest Degree.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO Cal., Jan. 13.-Q fj JILSON
OF SISKIYOU AND HOWARD E.
WRIGHT OF ALAMEDA stand alone
the roll of dishonor. Four ballots
United .St.it'-s Senator were taken
ly and not <me member of the
slature elected t" Join the two men
who have surrendered their good name
in order to join with the disreputables
who are supporting the candidacy of
IX M. Burns in defiance of the wishes
of the people and the best Interests of
•ate.
Burns' weakness was never more
clearly demonstrated than it was to
day, when he failed, after four ballots
had been taken, to make a gain of
even so much as a single vote. Twenty- I
.four voters were recorded to his credit
when tV initial ballot was taken on
Tuesday last. Since then eight ballots
■have been taken, and his total gain has
been two votes. One of these was Jil
who was induced to oast his vote
f>ir Burns by the offer of a political
position by Governor Gage. The other
was Wright, who betrayed the people
who elected him for reasons known
only to himself and the person or per
sons who debauched him. So lament
able a showing has never before been
made by a candidate who has entered
the fight with such a flare of trumpets
arid boasted strength.
Even \he Burns touts who have duti
fully circulated the reports of their
master's mythical strength, are won
dering why they have been made the
victims of a capricious master. They
■lo not object to carrying out orders,
but they are humiliated to learn that
they are serving a master whose
strength is imaginary and who insists
in trying to pose as a political Caesar
before unsophisticated legislators.
Ev-n the political managers of the
hern Pacific Company, whose
: faithful and obedient servant Dan
Burns is known to be, have grown sus
picious of the truth of the pretensions
•of their slave and have taken steps to
g>H an independent understanding of
the Senatorial situation as it exists in
reality and not as it appears to the
of P.urns and his slavish boomers.
. .To this end W. H. Herrin a few days
dispatched to this city Thomas J.
: . Field, one of the most trusted lobbv
of the railroad, with Instructions
t independently of Burns and his
• lieutenants and ascertain the sentiment
of the majority of the members of the
slature and make a conservative
mate of Burns' chances of ultimate
Field carried out his orders.
and last night he returned to San Fran
oto report to his chief. Mr. Herrin
is by this time aware that his protege
. . 1b out of the running. What course he
may elect to pursue remains to be seen.
. Vp to the present moment there has
\ •"•been no indication that th* railroad 1n
... . .tends to desert its candidate.
Every avenue of its power has been
tied in an effort to force honest
legislators into line for Burns. Evi- ,
.'.{dence of this was given tv-day when 1
;. the Southern Pacific Company threat
.• • ened to discriminate against W. D.
•; Knights, the Assemblyman f«>m Sac
•' ramento. in the matter of freight rates
. .-unless he cast bis vote for Burns.
.' Knights is the proprietor of a large
• tannery. N',.t only this, but the rail- !
company caused the members of j
the county committee to call a meeting I
at. which the committee declared in
;. favor of Burns. The Burns forces are
!inp to-night that Knights has
ened under the prr-ssure that has
■ . been brought to bear on him and that
. he will vote f<>r Burns to-morrow. This
! is merely a sample of the manner in
■which legislators are being prostituted
./by the corrupt forces that are behind
. . .Burns and his candidacy.
. Howard E. Wright's" plea that he
' . voted for Dan Burns because four Jus
• tices of the Supreme Court espoused the
••cause of the "colonel" has created much
■ ■"■comnieiit. around the hotels and the
■: • .Capitol. There is considerable indigna
tion over the suggestion that the court
' ■•\is in politics in the rank style men
. ' tloned by Wright. The expression is
:: "If the Supreme Court is in the
• .'muck of politics caused by the Sena
torial contest it is due to the people
• -that they should know it at once. If
"the court is not in tht? mire of the
' sqnabble it is due to the Judges that
the people should be informed of the
■•. fact."
Speaker Wright cites one member of
the court as the last person with whom
Jip discussed the Senatorial situation
and declares that this member favored
• the election of Burns. In this regard
the finger of suspicion points to Jus
. tire McFarland. who was here yestar.
The San Francisco Call.
day and mingled with the throng of !
workers in the Golden Eagle Hutel.
Of the Democrats it is known that
Senators Langrford, Boggs and Ashe
have declared their intention to vote '
for General W. H. L. Barnes whenever;
the time comes that their votes will
give the general the number required
for his election. It is common report
and believed to be true that Senators
Hall and Feenoy of San Francisco are '.
ready to vote for Dan Burns whenever ,
their vutes may be desired by the
"i tolonel."
Burns is quoted as saying that he I
does not want Democratic votes, but '
prefers that his support should come !
wholly from Republican members of (
the Legislature. The cold inside truth
is that every aspirant wants Demo- j
cratic votes, but each one is a little
timid about throwing out a line to
friends in the .opposing party. One ,
Democrat has signified his purpose to '
Vote for Irving M. Scott.
Burns, perceiving that the crowds of ,
disreputable touts that have been hang-
Ing around his headquarters since the !
beginning of the Senatorial contest
were adding disgrace to his campaign j
is now seeking to bring to the front a
set of men a degree higher in the out- ;
ward forms of decency. Special efforts
have been made to bring them here
from San Francisco and interior coun
ties. The loungers about P.urns' head- !
quarters do not show the slightest sign
of elation. On the contrary, they ap- .
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
SPEAKER WRIGHT SEALS HIS
DISHONOR WITH A LIE
Howard E. Wright. Speaker of the Assembly, has deliberately placed himself in a posi
tion few public men would care to occupy. In an effort to justify his action in changing his
vote from Bulla to Burns Mr. Wright said that he had been influenced by four Justices of
the Supreme Court. Mr. Wright declared that his final decision to vote for Burns had been
determined by a conversation which he held with a Justice of the Supreme Court within
twenty-four hours of the time when he cast his first ballot for Burns.
The Justices of the Supreme Court declare emphatically that they have not even dis
cussed the Senatorial contest. All the members of the high tribunal say that they never saw
Wright, and not even by suggestion advised him to vote one way or the other in the Sena
torial fight. More than this, the Justices declare that they advised no member of the Legisla
ture in reference to his vote. It is very clear that the Justices of the Supreme Court are lying
or Mr. Wright is doing so. The public is left to judge who is guilty.
The only member of the Supreme Court who was in Sacramento within twenty-four
hours of the time that Wright cast his vote for Burns was Justice McFarland. who says that
he did not interest himself in the slightest degree in the Senatorial fight and did not even speak
to Mr. Wright. Justice Garoutte was in Sacramento the night of the inaugural ball, but he
says he had absolutely no conversation with Wright. Trie Justices are naturally angry that
their .names should be falsely used by a politician and that they should be so misrepresented
as they have been by the Speaker. The only member of the Supreme Court who would not
discuss the affair yesterday was Justice Jackson Temple, a Democrat, who is not concerned in
any way in the Senatorial contest. Interviews with the other Justices are as follows:
CHIEF JUSTICE BEATTY : I have not concerned myself in any way in
the Senatorial contest, and I do not know that any other Justice of the Su
preme Court has done so. I have not expressed a preference for any candi
date to Mr. Wright or to any one else. What time there is at my disposal
is consumed by the business of the Supreme Court. As Mr. Wright did not
mention my name I cannot say that he intended, in his remarks, to
refer to me.
JUSTICE VAN DYKE : As lam a Democrat I presume that Mr. Wright
did not refer to me in his statement. As a matter of course, 1 am taking no
interest in the Senatorial contest and have not spoken to any one regarding
it. I have not spoken to Mr. Wright or to any one else, a- a know nothing
about the affair. If I were to express a preference I woul^ uo so, as ti Demo
crat, for my friend, Stephen M. White,
JUSTICE GAROUTTE : I was at Sacramento for the inaugural ball,
but not to do politics. I refuse to give an opinion on the Senatorial muddle.
Burns and myself are from the same county, and, as 1 understand it, the
people of Yolo are strong for Burns. I did not see Wright or give him
any advice.
JUSTICE HENSHAW: 1 have neither seen Mr. Wright nor advised him
on the Senatorial question. In fact, I have not expressed an opinion on
the matter.
JUSTICE HARRISON: I have not expressed any opinion on the Sena
torial contest to any one. I have not held any conversation with Mr.
Wright, nor have I ever seen him.
JUSTICE McFARLAND: If anybody says I was in Sacramento to
make Burns' fight or to advise Wright how to vote he is telling an untruth.
I went to Sacramento yesterday to attend the funeral of my friend, Charles
Watt, and every moment of my time was consumed in connection with that
sad matter.
pear gloomy and low spirited. Burns
himself is the only cheerful individual
in the bunch. He assumes an air of ;
confidence, but the assumption does
not inspire his followers. He keeps well .
advised of what is going on in other
camps and gains, some way, imme- ;
diate and accurate information of
everything important in the councils of
Grant. He kne\t in a ivance of yes
terday that Huber was going over from
Bulla to Grant, and knew, of course,
that Wright's furlo\i|h to I>OS6 as an
Continued on Second Page.
INDIGNATION OF
ALAMEDA COUNTY
HAS NOT ABATED
No One Has Yet Been Found to Speak a Good
Word for Wright.
HIS RESIGNATION IS NOW SUGGESTED
All of His Former Supporters Are Bitter in Their Open
Denunciation of His Betrayal of Their Trust
and His Honor.
"I want the people of my district to study Burns and know him
as I have learned to know him, and then they will not disapprove
of my course. The people of Alameda County also would decide in
favor of Burns if they understood him as I do."' — Extract from
Speaker Wright's Confession.
"Mr. Wright gives no good ground for the belief that the peo
ple of Alameda County would vote for Mr. Burns if they understood
him as he, Mr. Wright, does. The action of Mr. Wright is worse
than a mistake of Judgment or a blunder; it is, from any aspect in
which it may be viewed, deplorable, disastrous alike to the reputa
tion and political future of Mr. Wright, and to the interests of the
party in this county." — Extract from Friday's Enquirer, a Paper
That Supported Wright.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S- Broadway, Jan. 13.
The downfall of Howard Wright" and
the open denunciation of him by his
very best political friends published
this morning is the sole topic of con
versation in Alameda County to-day.
The opinions printed in The Call are
those of men in the very front rank
of the Republican party in Speaker
Wright's Assembly district. It would
be impossible to present a stronger ar
raignment of any man in public office,
and it must not be supposed that the
printed words adequately express the
feelings of those who uttered them.
They do not. Between the lines much
can be inferred that was spoken but
which would not look well In print, and
as a politician Mr. Wright no doubt
fully understands this.
In no portion ot Mr. Wright's district
could a voter, whether Republican or
of any other faith, be found who would
say a good word for Mr. Burns or his
most recent convert. Speaker Wright.
In Mr. Wright's explanation of his vote
he says that he was spoken to of Mr.
Burns by several prominent men in his
district. Berkeley and East Oakland
demand to know the names of the men
whom he claims are friendly to Burns.
Mr. Wright said that he cannot name
them because it would "arouse com
ment." The thousands in the district
who are opposed to Mr. Burns are quite
willing to go on record in their oppo
sition to Burns and they are at a loss
to know why any of Mr. Burns' friends,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
if he have any in the Fifty-first Assem
bly Dfstrict, have to be so carefully
guarded from publicity. Either there
are none or they are ashamed of their
pbsitton. The Fifty-first District be
lieves there are none.
A communication was brought to The
Call office to-day by an East Oakland
Republican which reads:
"Editor Call: I would suggest that
the Republican voters in Wright's dis
trict get up and sign a petition request
ing Wright to resign and no longer
disgrace the position he now holds by
the suffrages of a deluded constitu
ency."
While this is hardly likely to be done
it can truthfully be said that it fairly
expresses the opinion of the voters from
Mr. Wright's district. If Mr. Wright
desires to know the proportion of the
friends and opponents of Mr. Burns in
the Fifty-first District and would be
bound by such a vote the district would
supply him with the data in very short
order. It is, however, believed that Mr.
Wright is no longer possessed of the
power to dictate to himself in this mat
ter and that he intends to continue till
the last ballot to ignore the wishes of
the people whose only regret now is
that they voted to place him in a posi
tion of trust, for which he has proved
unworthy.
As the bulletins of the ballots for
United States Senator at Sacramento
| to-day reached Oakland there were
many who expected to see that Mr.
\Vrfght had repented his folly and had
cast his vote for some reputable candi
date. As no such chrfnge was recorded
it was conceded on all sides that Mr.
Wright had dug his political grave.
In Berkeley little knots of politicians
stood around expressing their indigna
tion at being duped, and some of the
more exasperated hinted that a bonfire
with an effigy and tar and feathers
would be a very appropriate incident to
the scandal which now disgraces the
Fifty-first District through its repre
sentative. Nor is this statement ex
aggerated, for although referred to by
Mr. Wright's present friends as "rice
eaters" and praying politicians, the
Speaker's constituents have a very
I forceful way of expressing themselves.
Judge Williams, the chairman of the
Republican City Central Committee,
lives in Howard Wright's ward, and al
though he said that had he known last
November that Wright was going to
vote for Burns Wright would never
have been elected, he also said a great
deal more which is not altogether ex
pressed by his remark: 'I feel perfectly
disgusted, and that doesn't half express
my feelings."
Berkeley and East Oakland are also
disgusted, and this remark does not ex
press half their feelings.
Two weeks ago when a scandal re
garding ballot machines was being ven
tilated Howard Wright gave to a Dem
ocratic paper an interview in which he
stated very positively that any one who
should be seen by him on the floor of
the convention and whom he was satis
fied was not there for any honest pur
pose would be made the victim of the
Speaker's constitutional right to rule
him off the floor. There are hundreda
in Berkeley and East Oakland to-day
who are asking if Mr. Wright's love of
consistency will lead him to order him
self out of the Assembly.
"God forgive me," said Dr. Foster,
I "for working and shouting and voting
j for Howard Wright. I thought he was
one of the best men in East Oakland,
I and I cannot sufficiently express my
j Borrow and surprise that he should
think more of the railroad crowd than
he does of the people he was sent to
represent. I am one of those who ara
not anxious to know Mr. Burns as Mr.
Wright says he 'knows' him."
The Oakland Enquirer, which wu one
I of the papers that expressed faith In
Howard Wright in the past, come* out2
ONLY CONDEMNATION IS HEARD AT WRIGHT'S HOME
WRIGHT WANTS REVENGE ON
"CALL" REPRESENTATIVES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, Jan.
13. — Speaker Howard E. Wright has sounded many mem
bers of the Assembly and is convinced that the time has ar
rived when he must take the initiative to expel from the floor
of the lower house the representatives of The Call. The
Speaker contends that the indignation arises from the im
pugning by The Call of the motives of members in their sup
port of candidates for United States Senator.
When the Speaker gave his warning to The Call he
stated that the initiative of expulsion would probably be
taken by him to-morrow unless The Call would give him
Mime assurance that the vilification of legislators would
cease. The Speaker was advised to go right ahead and per
form his duty in the premises. He was distinctly and direct
ly informed that The Call proposed to continue in the future
as in the past to stand by the people and expose every
member of the Legislature that betrayed the people who
ted them. The Speaker was advised that that which
had been published was only the preliminary of exposure to
come.
The Call is in possession of facts and proofs of corrup
tion that will startle the masses of people in California.
Threats to deprive the paper of the privilege of sending its
reporters on the floor of the Assembly will have no more ef
fect in shaping the course of The Call in this crusade against
the shameless conduct of members than the blowing of idle
wind.
This journal, to bring the matter to an issue, defies the
Speaker and those in sympathy with him and his course to
expel from the Assembly the legislative correspondents of
this paper. Every hour adds to disclosures of infamy.
When all the facts are spread before the public some of the
members who are now threatening the press will be found
appealing to the newspapers to save them from the odium of
exposure. Written documents, receipts and letters, com
prise in some instances the clear and absolute testimom
bribery. In one quarter to-night confession comes hand in
hand with a promise of restitution.
The Call takes no pleasure in the exposure, but it r.
comprehend that a newspaper has duties and obligations to
perform, and in the plain performance of this duty threats
to deprive the paper of customary privileges will avail
nothing.
The Call now plainly invites Speaker Wright and those
of his followers to proceed at once and perform what they
deem to be their duty.
The Call will be guided by a course of conduct which
the conditions suggest, and which the interests of the peo
ple demand. Xo intimidation will change the course of the
paper.
strongly to-night denouncing his
treachery.
It published the following editorial:
0 HOWARD WRIGHT'S VOTE. Q
Q The action of Speaker Howard Q
Q W right in casting his vote for D. Q
0 M. Burns for Sena source Q
n of keen disappointment to his per- Q
Q Hin.il friends and to his eonstitu- ©
5 entß. Without impugning the mo- Q
Q tive« of Mr. Wright it may be Q
ft safely Bald that his explanation Q
O does not explain or justify his ac- Q
Q tion Mr. Wright rives no good Q
O ground for the belief that the peo- O
pie of Alameda bounty would vote
for Mr. Burns If they understood
him as he (Mr. Wright) does. There
.are many Republicans of Alameda
■County whose discernment is as
good and whoso sources of infor
mation aro quite as reliable as
those of Mr. Wright, who regard
Mr. Burns as utterly unfit and be
lieve that his Beleotion as a Sen
ator would bo a humiliation to the
people of California and a reproach
'he Republican party in this
. State. Even if Mr. Burns If not
;\s Mr. Wright argu< s, a "desper
ate criminal." his character is at
least not free from suspicion and
he rests under aspersions that no
'honorable man would not have re
sented and gone to the uttermost
."to disprove. Hut with such sua
on resting upon him his candi
dacy is at least unseemly. Hut even
if there were no taint of crime
' or moral turpitude upon the gar
. mem? of Dan Burns, ne is, judged
bj • very standard of what goes to
make up the true quality of a
I'ni Senator, unfit for
tfuch an honorable office, and the
vote of Speaker Wright, represent
. ing as he does the college com
. munity of Berkeley, the best in
■ telligenee of the party in the Fifty
flr.=t district, is an affront to de
cent Republican sentiment. Had
' the Republicans of the Fifty-first
• district had any suspicion that
Howard Wright would have cast
■ ■'•.• a man to the
position of Unitf-d States Senator
only claim Is that he has
been of some service as a party
boss, It is Bafe to say that by no
possibility could he ha\ ■
to the Assembly from that
district. In that position It is his
duty to pay
the sentiment of his constituents
in his representative capacity. The
action of Mr. Wright is worse than
a mistake of judgment or a blun
der: it is from any aspect in which
it may be viewed, deplorable, dis
astrous alike to the reputation and
political future of Mr. Wright,
and to the interests of the party
in this county.
The Republicans of the Fifty-first
Assembly district now refer to their
representative in the Assembly as
"the wrong Mr. Wright."
From Speaker Wright'F explana
tion it would seem that he consult
ed the sentiment of Yolo County
rather than that of Alameda Coun
ty when he voted for Dan Burns.
The result of to-day's balloting on
United States Senator is very gratify
ing to the people of this county. The
inability of Colonel Burns to muster
more than twenty-six votes after a
dozen ballots is taken as positive proof
that that is the extreme limit of his
strength, and that he has marched to
the scratch every man who can possi
bly be brought under his wiles. It i v
deeply regretted that Alameda County
should have furnished four* votes to tho
man from Mexico, and that the last om
that he should be able to attract should
be the representative of Berkeley and
East Oakland. Mr. Wright this even-
Ing enjoys the distinction <>f b^-in^ th.
last sheep to be driven into the Burns
corral.
The Berkeley World-Gazette of this
evening harbors a slight hnp<? that Mr.
Wright will yet allow the many appeals
to his manhood to prevail. It says:
WRIGHT A PUZZLE.
But one of the many erroneous
impressions concerning the ability
of Dan Burns to be the political
dictator and moderator for the
Republican party has come to
light. This time Speaker Wright
was the one to fall before the polit
ical Moloch, and nothing but a
complete return to his former
policy in the Senatorial contest will
reinstate him to his former stand
ing. That men aspiring for politi
cal honors should conclude that
Burns can either make or ruin
them i.s gross foolishness, and
never before has this question agi
tated the local politicians until the
late county; election, when certain
county officers sought thi tenl of
the Mexican "jumper" and falsely
represented his political abilities to
aspiring Assemblymen.
As for Mr. Wright, ho never had
i or never will have need of the
alliance with Mr. Burns, for he was
chosen by the voluntary sanction of
the people. It perhaps may be true
that Mr. Burns, in learning of Mr.
Wright's intended candidacy, com
municated his willingness to help in
his campaign if the Speaker would
i assist in presenting the claims of
' Mr. Burns' candidate (never men
tioning the name) for Senator, and
i acting on his pledge he was con
strained to compliment the Mexican
by a vote.
I Berkeley people have had ex
plicit confidence in the.ir townsman,
i and are nonplused to Know what
i is the cause of the sudden change,
i As far as justifying his actions ac
tig to research of the records
i accusing Burns of fraud is con-
I cerned places the matter on a lit
i tie more pleasant basis. It possibly
i in true that the reports concerning
i Burns are "colored." yet no citizen
i of Berkeley questions his unfltness
i for the place.
i The people of Berkeley, in their
i characteristic charity and free
thuughtedneas, will be slow in form-
I ing too hasty opinions until the
I matter has been most thoroughly
i canvassed. But all are united that
i their Interests will be materially
i crippled if the vote given by the
i Speaker yesterday is permanent
THE SAN FRAN-CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
i O rather than a compliment to con- Q
! © sole the discouraged Mexican. ©
There are yet five representatives
from this county toward whom all eyes
I are turned. These men are:
SENATOR STRATTON,
SENATOR TAYLOR. !
ASSEMBLYMAN BLISS,
ASSEM BUY MA N KNOWLAND,
ASSEMBLYMAN McDONALD.
Stratton and Knowland are voting for
{General Barnes; Taylor favors Pater
son; McDonald and Bliss favor Grant.
These five men are all .regarded as hav
ing the courage to fairly represent their
constituencies, and us they have now
voted a dozen times and have not been
"attracted" by the blandishments of
the Candelaria mineowner, confidence
In them has been greatly increased.
Some of them have been claimed by the
! Burns men, but so far such claim has
been without foundation. The storm of
! Indignation that has swept over the
I district represented by Speaker Wright
i would be repeated in any of the other
districts should the same cause be
given. The one redeeming feature in
the cases of Leavitt.McKeen andKelley
is that they came out openly for Burns
on the first ballot and have stayed with
; him sine.-, not doing as "Wright lid,
! giving a couple of votes to some other
candidate and then without any known
D suddenly flopping to Burns.
WRIGHT LOST HIS
BERKELEY FRIENDS
BERKELEY, Jan. Nothing proba
bly has ever stirred the political sense of
the university town so much as the ac
tion of Howard Wright in casting his
vote for Dan Burns. To say that - the
news of his defection created surprise
would only put it mildly in the. extreme.
It was astounding;, and for a while peo
ple would hardly believe it. That their
own representative in the Assembly,
knowing as he did the views of his con
stituency about the question of the Sen
atorship, could in the fare of ...eir ex
pressed wishes so betray his promise to
them seemed Incredible. Berkeley hated
the name of Burns. From motives of party
policy, to say nothing of political honesty,
It scouted the idea of his ever having the
effrontery to offer himself for political
recognition. And it told Wright so be
fore he went to Sacramento. It trusted
him Implicitly, without the faintest
suspicion that any infamous alliance
would be formed with the forces of cor
ruption. For this breach of trust there
are nothing but words of indignation,
coupled with disgust. The city talked
of little else to-day. An impression has
been made the influence of which promises
to have a lasting effect.
How could Wright ever have done that?
is what ' everybody is asking. Speaking
politically, few people here were regarded
.with such perfect confidence as be. All
classes alike prophesied his brilliant ca
reer. The. city had a firm belief in his in
tegrity, and a firm assurance of his sta
bility of purpose. It r«-!it"d implicitly on
his word that the wishes of his constitu
ency should be observed. Now it is unde- 1
ceived. And if there is any one man upon
whom Berkeley's residents are heaping
epithets of indignation it is Howard
Wright.
That he can ever expect any more fa
vors from Republicans in this district is
quite out of the question. Judging from
the- expressions of opinion which are
j heard on all sides his name can never
come before the people of Berkeley again.
A- a prominent resident was heard to say
to-day: "A thing of that kind is alto
gether inexcusable, and coming from :
Howard Wright is especially so. The
whole city is aroused to think that.: the
name of its representative should go- on
record as voting for Dan Burns. But one
thing at least is ceßtain: Howard Wright
can expect nothing more from- Berkeley.
Such breaches of trait cannot be made
with impunity."
ALAMEDA TRUSTS
HER REPRESENTATIVES
ALAMEDA, Jan. 12.— The sentiment of
■ Alameda is emphatically
against Dan Burns for L'niti
r. The people bere have coniidence
in their representatives, Senator E. K.
Taylor and Assemblyman Joseph Know
land. Both have pr< their constlt.
vents that under no circumstances will
they cast their ballots for the man fmm
Mexico. There is little apprehension that
:- or Knowland will break tl eil
word. But if they should . The people
shudder at even the suggestion uf such
a thing.
A Call representative interviewed a
number of prominent citizens on the sub
ject this afternoon and the universal ex
pression was that Taylor and Knuwland
will stand true to their colors.
"Why, both Taylor and Knowland are
gentlemen, " said one citizen, "and have
good reputations among their neighbors
Men of that caliber do not make Senators
of politicians of the stripe of Burns."
Following are some of the statements ot
representative citizens of the Encinal
ROSWKLI, C. WHEELER, City Treas.
urer — I have no confidence In Burns and
under no circumstances would Senator
Taylor or Assemblyman Knowland be
justified in voting for him. Burns nomi
; Bstee for Governor and that Is
what killed Morris M. politically. E
a good man personally, hut he pot
into bail company. The p pie of Ala
meda look upon Burns as a political boss
nf the most dangerous stripe, and th<»
people of this city are decidedly opposed
to bos
BEN F. LAMBORN, City Clerk— lf the
: le want a yellow dog Senator and
elected a yellow dog Legislature,
then they will gel what they voted for,
and who is to blame? If Mr. Taylor sees
fit to vote for Mr. Burns he would most
likely believe him to be the best man.
Mr. Knowland and tho Senator from this
city have both given th<-<ir word of honor
that they will not under any consldera
tion vote for Burns, and both are men of
their word. Mr. Taylor telephoned me to
that effect this morning.
W. F. SCHULTE, City Trustee-Per
sonally I would not like to see Burns
elected. I would not think much of Tay
lor or Knowland if they voted for him.
They could not compromise themselves
among the people of this city by any such
action.
FRANK HALLY— I will be plain
spoken on this thing. If Dan Burns is
elected United States Senator the Re
publican party in this State will go to
, and if Taylor or Knowland should
vote for him they should go with the
party. But they will not do anything of
the kind. They are gentlemen.
ARTHUR G. BURNS— The sentiment
of the Alameda people is practically
unanimous against my namesake. The
inea that Taylor or Knowland would vote
ror him is preposterons.
E. B. DUNNING— Anybody but Dan
Burns. His election would be a lasting
disgrace to the State. If Taylor or Know
land should vote for him I don't believe
they could look their neighbors in the
face when they return home.
GEORGE ODELL-Burns has no busi
ness to be a candidate for the office of
I niteri States Senator. It is a reflection
on the decency of the people of California
for him to put himself forward for the
honor. If Taylor or Knowland should
v<>n for him they should stay away from
Alameda for the pest of their lives.
HUBER HAS A FEW
TROUBLES OF HIS OWN
r -\LL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Assemblyman Huber
of Los Angeles County has had himself
fortified to-day with several telegrams
from citizens residing in his district who
claim that his action in breaking his
caucus pledge and violating the instruc
tions of the Los Ancles County Conven
tion in deserting Bulla and voting for
Grant for Senator meets with their ap
proval. There may be some people in
Huber's district who indorse the course
he has pursued, but the majority of peo
ple In the Seventy-first Assembly Dis
trict will as soon as they have the oppor
tunity indicate to Mr. Huber that they
decidedly disapprove of any action on the
part of a public servant which requires
him to violate his pledge and disobey the
direct instructions ot the convention
which nominated him.
Here in Sacramento there has been con
siderable casting about to ascertain what
the underlying cause was which moved
Huber to an act of dishonor. He himself
has related that in changing from Bulla
to Grant he was "doing politics." But
when a man "does politics" at the sac
rifice of his honor it is generally sup
posed that there must be something more
behind it.
There is a well defined rumor current
here to-day that ex-Assemblyman Cor
nelius W. Pendleton of Los Angeles had
a great deal to do with changing the vote
of Huber from Bulla to Grant. Pendle
ton and Huber were both members of the
Assembly from Los Angeles County in
1486. • -It' has been understood for some
time past on the quiet that IVndkton was
a Grant man. • The Grant men so regard
ed, him. 'although they made no publica
tion of the fact. Pendleton himself claims
that he is for Bulla first, and Burns sec
ond, so it will- be seen that according to
his own statement he is in two Senatorial
camps, and there is reason to think that
he is also in a third one — Grant's — al
though he denies it.
Pendleton went to Senator Bulla some
time ago and asked him to assist him In
securing a position in the office of the
Attorney General. Bulla at that time ac
cused him of doing politics in Los Angeles
County for Grant. Pendleton denied the
charge, but he -did not get his appoint
ment in Attorney. General Ford's office.
Pendleton to-day, emphatically denied
that he was the medium through which
the Grant, managers operated to convince
Mr. Huber that- he .was "doing politics"
by changing his vote from' Bulla tii Grant.
; Assemblyman Huber was Been and he,
too. was very decided in his dental of the
charge that hi hadrteceived. IIOOG to vote
for Grant. He became, very.. much ex
cited and claimed that he was not influ
enced by any money consideration to take
the step he had in the ' Senatorial
Huber has certainly had a very unhap
py time in the last forty-eight hours and
it is telling on him.. This afternoon he
promised Assemblyman Valentine that
as soon as he was convinced that Grant
could not be elected ho proposed, to re
turn to Bulla. He also stated that he
was under no "obligation to go into caucus
with the Grant people and he would not
do so. He/agreed that he would remain
in the position of a free man so that he
could act independent of any caucus ac
tion on the part of the Grant followers,
so that he would be able to leave Grant
and go back to Bulla at any- time he felt
so disposed. """ ■.'".':'■
But Mr. Huber is very free in making
promises and very, reckless about keep-
Ing them. The Bulla men are treating
him kindly for they have hopes of get
ting him back. .•»:
IMPORTANT MEETING OF
JOINT RULES COMMITTEE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— The Joint rules of the
Assembly and Semite will stand for this
session substantially as they were for the
on of 1897. Some changes will be
made and a great many unnecessary rules
will be stricken out, as the subjects they
treat of "are not properly matters for
joint regulation.
The joint rules were agreed upon this
afternoon by a committee comprising As
semblymen Dibble, Valentine, Johnson of
Sacramento and Meade and Senator
Dwyer. Senator Stratton was not pres
ent. The rules were thoroughly gone over
and some chancres made. The rules pro
viding for ;i special file in the Senate for
bills that bave passed the Assembly and
for a similar file in the Assembly for bills
that have passed the S( nate was permit
ted to stand. After thu Ist day of
February this special lilt' will be the reg
ular order of business of each house from
2 p. m. until 3:;!0 p. m. of each meeting
day. This special order enn only be sus
pended by a two-thirds vote. The rule
regulating the number of attaches in each
house was stricken out, inasmuch as the
subject matter will be covered by the
amended Belshaw act. The rule fixing
the amount to be allowed as attorney fees
in the case of contested seats caused some
considerable discussion. The rule of the
last session fixed the maximum amount
to be allowed as attorney fees. The con
testant's attorney was allowed $100 and
the sitting member's attorney was al
lowed $200.
Assemblyman Dibh!<= contended that the
rule was unconstitutional and should be
stricken out. Assemblyman Johnson
thought that ii was better the rule should
stand and permit some one else to raise
the riueHtion of its constitutionality. He
was in favor of placing (some limitation
on the demands <>f attorneys in cases of
contest(<l seats, as it would have the ef
fect if preventing contests where there
was no real ground for them.
Senator Dwycr and Assemblyman Meade
and Valentine all agreed with Assembly
man Johnson. The rule was finally amend
ed so that the maximum amount of at
torney fees for both contesting and sit
ting members shall bo $200.
A rule was adopted defining joint nnd
concurrent resolutions. Joint resolutions
will touch only on Federal matters, i'on
current resolution will treat of matters
requiring action in either of the houses of
the Legislature, and can be adopted with
out reference to a committee. The rule
providing for a daily file in each house
was stricken out on the ground that it
was not a proper matter for Joint regula-
tion.
Some fifteen rules covering the proced
ure in the matter of introduction, first,
second and third readings of bills in both
houses were stricken out as entirely un
necessary and not properly subject to
joint regulation. The report of the com
mittee will be submitted in the Assembly
and Senate on Monday next.
A BILL TO CHECK
CATTLE DISEASES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— The growing danger of
the infection of California cattle with the
numerous diseases that in the last year
or so have got a foothold In different sec
tions of the State through the importa
tion of infected stock from outside ranges
has attracted the attention of the Legis
lature, and before the session is adjourned
stringent measures against the propaga
tion and spread of the maladies will have
been effected. Already three bills havo
been introduced along this line, and to
day Assemblyman Alden Anderson of
Solano introduced a Bill that ih especially
directed against the dangerous little
"tick" that causes the fatal splenic or
T<xas fever and glanders.
Mr. Anderson's bill gives the power to
County Boards of Supervisors to appoint
a county veterinary officer, whose duty
it shall be To examine all suspected cattle
being shipped either in or out of the
county, to quarantine them if they be in
fected, or give them a clean bill of health.
When disease shall be found in any conn •
ty the Board of Supervisors may at once
declare a quarantine at the county lines
and continue it until health is re-estab
lished. The board is also empowered to
establish perpetual quarantine r
tions, such as will best suit the conditions
existent in the county. The hill was re
ferred to the Committee on County and
Township Governments.
SUNDAY IS NOT
A LEGISLATIVE DAY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— The question was
raised to-day as to whether or not a ses
sion of the Legislature mi Sunday was
necessary in order to comply with the
Federal statute governing the election of
a United States Senator, which requires
that a ballot be taken on every legislative
day until an election is reached. Speaker
Wright first held that Sunday was a leg
islative day. The opinion of prominent
attorneys, however, was that Sunday was
not. within the meaning of the statute, a
legislative day. Senator Bettman this
evening received the following telegram,
which tended to clear up the situation:
"WASHINGTON, I >. C, Jan. 13. 18H9.
"Hon. Sig. M. Bettman, Senate Cham
ber, Sacramento, Cal.: Senate Judiciary
Committee says Legislature is required to
vote for Senator only on legislative days.
Therefore Sunday Is excepted.
"GEORGE C. PERKINS."
A precedent was established in IS9I,
when there was a deadlock between Es
tee and De Young. The Legislature in
that year adjourned over from Saturday,
March 14. to Monday, March 16, and
Charles N. Felton was finally elected. The
legality of his election was never ques
tioned, and this therefore established
the fact that Sunday was not a legisla
tive day. YChf-n this case was cited to
Speaker AVright he changed his ruling
and both houses will, therefore, adjourn
to-morrow till Monday.
ON THE ROLL
OF DISHONOR
Continued from First Page.
independent statesman had expired
and could not be renewed.
The touts now question whether it
was good politics on the part of the
colonel ta exhibit Wright at this par
ticular time. It was thought by Dan.,
and his chief lieutenants that the en
rollment of Wright ■would have the ef
fect of making the way easy to bring
in Assemblymen Wade and Anderson.
Estee was brought here to labor with
s\" .- 1 « i • • , hut the labor was in vain. The
touts ar-gue that th£ • terrible outburst
of popular wrath incident to the lining
up of Wright may deter others frurn
joining the colonel's forced. In their
judgment it would be better politics to
transfer all the reserves at one mo
ment than single them out and expose
each man to the lire of public resent
ment.
The touts believed that four a<
sions to the Burns column would be
roistered in the joint convention to
day, l.ut they express the belief now
that there will i..- no material chance
in the situation until next Monday.
Thf- monotony is beginning to wear on
some of the legislators who are stand
ing in lini' for Burns to carry out some
peculiar obligation incident to political
contests. This means that several mem
bers of the Legislature who have been
voting for Burns are anxious now to
get a tip from Herrin to let go. They
know that the game is up so far as
Burns is concerned and want t<> get In
behind some one that can be elected.
Grant has no more chance of win
ning than Burns. L. E. Mosher of Los
Angeles, who was here some days ago
actively urging Angelenos to rally
around Grant, found the Bulla men bit
ter and determined. They expressed a
determination to stand by Bulla as
long as he had the slightest chance of
winning, and moreover asserted that
Grant was not second choice. Grant
and Bulla are not the oniy candidates
in from the south. Senators Flint and
Rowel] continue to hold aioft the ban
ner of Thomas Bard of Ventura, and
therefore if General Barnes is not ac
ceptable to the southern members by
reason of his residence in the central
region of the State the Ventura states
man can meet the sectional wishes of
the Los Angeles people.
To-day General Barnes received the
news that his old college companion,
Chauncey M. Depew, had been selected
by the Republican caucus of the New
York Legislature for United States
Senator. He was also impressed by the
m-ws that Rut'us Choate, who was for
merly his law partner and room mate
in .W>\ v.,rk, had been selected for the
high po >n of United States Embas
to ..upland. It would be a great
das for California, say the friends of
the General, if he could as United
States Senator elect from California,
send his congratulations to Depew and
Choate. Two of the general's closest
and warmest friends on the other side
of the continent have each won a great
political priz<;. There are many predic
tions here that Barnes will be a winner.
BURNS' PUSH HAS
BECOME DESPONDENT
With No Possible Chance to Win the
"Colonel" Continues a Candidate.
Wright Has a New Variety of Trouble Over His
Dishonorable Flop and Bears the Odium of
Falsehood in His Reasons for
Changing His Vote.
By HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— For some reason
Burns still considers himself a candi
date for the United States Senate.
While there were four ballots to-day
he received no accession of strength
and will not receive any worth men
tioning to-morrow. If he has a few
votes in reserve they are not enough to
do him any good, and he might as well
retire now as to stay in a hopeless
fight, maintaining an army of touts
ranging from gamblers to Supreme
Court Justices. ,
Neither did Grant make gains to-day,
but he has the advantage of being the
sort of candidate to whom a member
may go without disgrace or discredit.
I notice that the Burns men are de
pressed and that the Grant men are as
confident and as buoyant as ever. They
have sources upon which to draw, and
are virtually certain to make a start
before long which will put them far in
the lead. Whether so far as to not be
overtaken I would not venture a guess,
but it is certainly difficult to see who
can possibly overtake them. In my
judgment the little candidates might as
well drop out now as later. These in
clude almost the entire list. There are
a number being voted for who have no
more chance of election than they have
of transit to heaven in a chariot of fire,
and nobody knows this better than the
men casting the votes. In fact, these
votes are merely being nursed until
they can be applied where they will do
some good. A few of them probably be
long to Burns.
However, to join Burns now is to get
into disrepute. It may be remembered
that Wright joined Burns yesterday
and remarks were made about it. The
newspaper arraignment of Wright was
scathing, but so wholly just that none
could find fault with it. It subdued
the Speaker. His aspect to-day was
that of a man who had been publicly
whipped. He voted for Burns still, but
his voice was scarcely audible. He had
lost his air of easy assurance. He had
felt the sting of censure and was bear
ing a load of condemnation coming not
alone from the press, but from the con
stituents who hatl been betrayed.
Wright can always look back to this
session as the ending of his public
career. His act of hara kiri was more
pitiful than picturesque.
As to the balloting to-day there is
little to say, for there was no shifting
of votes to give it interest or relieve the
tedium. The only change was in the
taming of the Kenneally voice, the As
semblyman having learned, possibly
through a friendly tip given in this
column, that to announce a preference
for Senator does not require the tone
necessary in urging a canal mule to
greater effort.
Some of the Burns push constitute an
actual handicap. As a matter of policy
Burns ought to round them up, charter
a tattle car and send them home. It
is understo-od that he intends to import
a better lot, and he could not import
a worst- one without drawing on Fol
som. The Grant men are indignant at
some of the patriots now working for
Burns. One of the latter is an ex-Sec
retary i/f State, Lou Brown. Early in
the campaign Brown came uninvited
Into the Grant camp, expressed his in
terest 1 in the welfare of the San Diegan
and his desire to aid him. Then Burns
appeared on the scene and Lou was
wooed over to the Mexican, whose
cause he is now espousing with all the
ardor of a pure heart and an under
standing of the side en which bread is
buttered. Of course this is an instance
of treachery, but Bruwn is afraid to
live up to his word, and the reason is
plain. He was once an aspirant for the
Governorship. Gage and Burns prom
ised a position if he would withdraw,
and Brown got out of the way. Now
comes Burns with a threat, and Brown
thinks that unless he does the bidding
of the Candelarian the promised job
will go glimmering. He knows that
Gage will do as Burns says. Therefore,
in spite of his voluntary assurances,
Brown has ranged himself with the
Burns touts.
Attorney Stone is another. He has
spent several days in Sacramento but
tonholing the members of both houses,
trying to fill them with a sense of the
goodness and greatness of Burns. Yet
Stone long ago wormed his way into
the good graces of Grant. He went so
far as to take Grant's son on a fishing
expedition, although it has since trans
pired that Grant had all the expenses
to pay. The fact was known that Ston ■
was hard up, but he is said now to have
wiped out his debts and to have money
to burn. He has offered to pay the ho
tel expenses of different members. He
claimed to control the votes uf Assem
blymen Radcliff and Raw and of Sen
ator Troutt, and to be able to deliver
them. His professions were hollow.
All the three gentlemen are voting for
Grant, but Stone is working for Burns.
They must be flattered to know that
their prerogatives were being hawked
about like a bundle of merchandise, and
by a man who had no possible right to
presume to control them.
I was told the other day that if I
would change the tone of this column
so as to set forth that Burns would
win, it would be "worth money to me."
The idea was not that Burns should
be in any measure indorsed, but a sim
ple admission made that while his
force was made up of thp rounders and
blacklegs of politics. It was still so for
midable that it could not be overcome.
The value of such an admission, partic
ularly as it would be untrue, is a little
hard to figure out. I asked my in
formant for detail?, but failed to get
them. "Go and have a talk with Frank
Stone." was his advice.
Pierce of Yoh) i? another of Burns'
enthusiasts, his especial weakness tak
ing the form of an expression that the
word of Burns is as pood as his bond.
Burns has testified that while Secretary
of State he falsified the records of his
office. So much for his word: accepting
it as authentic it leaves Pierce in the
position of shouting for an embezzler,
or for a man who shielded an embez
zler. Thus, if th" Burns word is good,
which there is in this instance no
ground for doubting, it ought to ba
good enough to kf-ep Burns out of the
Senate and to wean Pierce from hi 3
habit of extolling imaginary virtues.
Harvey McCarthy is up from the
south, but so ne-ar as can be learned
he will cast his influence where the In
ducement is strongest. He arrived with
a gold brick for the Grant men. another
for the Burns men and still has both of
thf-m. His goods were Inspected but
the gilding was too thin. When a spec
ulator has an affidavit for sale, he
ought to have it backed by another
affidavit subscribed to by somebody
else, but when he has the affidavit in.
one hand and a denial of it in the
other, his work might be denominated
coarse.
To-night Wright seems to be in a
new variety of trouble. His explana
tion for going over to Burns and the
blacklist was partly that four memters
of the Supreme Court were anxious to
have him do so in order that their great
and good friend Burns might be boost
ed into the councils of the nation.
Now come the members of that august
tribunal and say that they never made
any such intimation. If they had, the
excuse would be a mighty lame one for
Wright, and if they did not. the ex
cuse is too decrepit even to limp. How
ever, Wright made his own troubles.
and if the reward of an approving
■ onsclence is sufficient recompense, aud
he has such a conscience, there is no
call for sympathy. It is also stated
that Justice McFarland came up here
to attend a fu i -.erni. He had a per
fect right to do so, of course, but when I
saw him in the Golden Eagle lobby,
near the bar. the center of a grou 4 i of
practical politicians, there were no
funeral indications, nor evidence thit
the subject under consideration was
the mutability of life and the immortal
ity of the soul.
Lest an idea may get abroad that
there are no good streaks in the situa
tion, it must be said that Sam Waller
is here, visiting Senator Wolfe, and his
individuality is known to be enough to
uplift and purify. As a member of
the Board of Education Waller was riot
found guilty of a thing.
To-morrow at noon balloting will
proceed. It does not seem likely that
another joint session can pass without
producing at least the outline of a
definite result. Having. perhaps,
rashly fallen into the habit of predict
ing. I still think that Burns is out of it,
that his boasts are vain and his faith
a pretense; that the winner is to be a
man from the south and that no man
from the south can annex the Grant
strength, without which there is no
chance. It must not be understood
that lam trying to boom Grant. My
wish is to accept facts as they appear,
and this is the way they appear to me.
Ways and Means Committee Meeting,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 13.— The Assembly Commit
tee on Ways and Means held its first
meeting this afternoon. There were pres
ent Assemblyman Cobb, Kelley. Knights,
Pierce. Works and Chairman Valentine.
The committee merely informally dis
cussed the best and most expeditious
methods of transacting and disposing- of
the business. The chairman announced
the appointment of James L. Glllis as
chief clerk and H. F. Bridges as stenog
rapher. Last year the committee had six
attaches— one chief clerk, two assistants,
a stenographer, a sergeant at arms and a
porter. This year it will have but three.
There is but one more appointment to
make, a sergeant at arms, who will also
do duty as porter, messonnror and clerk.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l$& In the heart of every
jgfi^ man and in the soul
. "*\ ftpttttvjk °^ ever >* woman there
.*, 1 fly if T?wßt ' s a vacuum that can
hi \ only c llle^ by a
ife^vl^/^^^T^l child. In America
/^■"dS^PiSV /^y" i*> there are too many
/\ / ££yw3a*< / '* 1 1 V Si childless homes.
N^^^^KK' rtfftM. passion of court-
~ed Kr^^S iP " S^'P an<^ of the
C^^ i s s e s of the
>255j-^ honeymoon turn
•  i to bitter dust upon
the lips of the wedded couple to whose
home there never comes the patter of
childish feet. ,
One cause, more than any other, con-
tributes to making the tens of thousands
of childless, and Consequently unhappy
homes all over this country. The cause is
often the unconscious fault of the wife. A
woman who suffers from weakness and dis-
ease of the distinctly feminine organism is
unfitted for motherhood, and if she has
children it will probably be at the sacrifice
of her own life. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription is a wonderful medicine for wom-
en who suffer in this way. It acts directly
on the delicate and important organs con-
cerned in wifehood and motherhood It
makes them strong, healthy, vigorous', vi-
rile and elastic. It banishes the sque'am-
lshness of the expectant period and makes
baby s advent easy and almost painless It
insures the little new-comers health and
a bountiful supply of nourishment. Thou-
sands of homes that were childless and
unhappy now echo with the prattle of
healthy babyhood, as the result of the us»
of this marvelous medicine
I ™s' v«. D rJ !£l a ° taking Dr - icrce ' s medicine*
I was very sick," writes Mrs. R. D Moore of
not^n Colf^. Co ' N ' cbr - I Box 173). ? I coutf
not keep anything ,on In V stomach, and kept
getting worse Mv husband got me two bottles
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. two
°pi^ ¥£°n' c , p « s cnption' and four "of his
,, P !ft ," lets " (At this time I had been preg-
nant about two months.) I began taking the
medicines, and in less than a wfek I could St
anything. • Th C 'Favorite Prescription' is the
best medicine in the world for prospective moth-
ers. My health is better now than it has been
™t* M yea J s ; M Y little rl is now six
months old and is well and hcalthv. I do not
v. • I . should ha ve had my baby if we had not
obtained something to build up my system and
strengthen me." .
Twenty-one one-cent stamps cover the
mailing of a paper-covered copy of Doctor
Pierces Commpn Sense Medical Adviser
Cloth-bound, 31 stamps. Send to Dr. R V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. -INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
WRIGHT VOTES FOUR
TIMES FOR BURNS
In Shame He Bears the Heavy Yoke of
His Deep Degradation.
lirider His Humiliation He Bows His Head and
Hides His Face While the Joint Ballots Are
Taken Which Bind Him Tighter
in the Toils.
.; : c4 L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
Ml-.XTO, Jan. 13.— Howard E. Wrieht
i : Speaker of the Assembly.
■ . . nia-i.- his degradation absolute and
.. ejte to-day by voting for D. M.
. : . Burfi's. for United States Senator on
ur ballots taken in loint con
,.v ' vt'nt'jin. No man ever faced a more
'.-.' ■ .'; -n-yi-fig ordeal than did this man -who
: : tT\M. days ago stood high in the esteem
■w citizens and brother I
.Uit.-rs. but now, through his own
;;' - abhorred by every h
:■■ '^rnnn in the S
V': ..To be sure, the despicable band that
•..' "if '-Hr-Tf in the paid service of the man
.: .f ram Mexico, pat Wright on the shoul
.•iiers:'and assure him that the people
. ; 'for.get, but these words were as naught
: .i(V'the averted heads and half-scornful.
glances that have been his
. -.portion to-day.
.".':!>.■• : ttf: was just noon when the Speaker
■ ■ : : ra.t»ped for order, and the sergeant-at-
lid that the Senate was at the
l>ar of the Assembly ready to meet in
r'iblnt- convention. The Senators filed in
MA iM>k seats. President pro. tern.
Flint taking his place beside Speaker
Wright. The latter was pallid and dark
■ :•; :;-.GircJes around his eyes were plainly
•able, telling of a sleepless nisrht.
.. Wright sat back with bowed head,
ice partially concealed, while Pres
ided a roll call of the
■ member answered his
name, and then the Speaker was
put himself in full view of
. including the Senators and
. i of spectators. Except
;. .-.•; ;.. V'a-iiivvng the Burns followers, to whom
■-■; ;■■■■';;■; is a legitimate trade
anil' human degradation is a joy. there
one in that assemblage who
eel a shade of compassion for
■ .:. : , : .i-i':.:i-i ■•ry was so palpable. In
: V.;t l'iM tone and without a glance over
:•. •■■■;.ilire;. .chamber the Speaker ordered the
• .\-< • mblvmen.
. this was completed Secretary
;•":. :'\;BFajidan read the minutes of yester
';'' i'r.dfiy's session of the joint convention.
■.'•;. V.'ibyn, without any oratory the mem
' : -~T ; bers prepared to renew the struggle for
•■., .■'supremacy.
■ ;'• ;.. : " 'liverybody was keyed up to the high
■-'. ..: : ~i -pitch of expectancy, for many ru
••' ./ : mors were afloat of chants to be made
■■'•.*.■;•"— of more sales consummated. Both
■.:■••., the Burns and Grant factions nad made
■ . : -':loud boasts of fresh accessions secured
• • "','-! but these boasts were not made good.
• •"/'Secretary Brandon began the roll of
•' ' .the Senate. Ashe led off with a vote for
.".'.'-•■■: James G. Maguire, according to the
• : ; '.■•• •- ■ ment of the Democratic caucus.
.'■:■■:■..!■,•'. all the other members of the
;>~ : .mj-nority, with the exception of Feeney
■■.■'•■ aha Hall, followed. Those two voted
.'•;.'. frtr-Rosenfeld. The Republican Sena
• .;■ iors voted as they did yesterday, and
. ".: : -'-s\'ht-n the roll call of the Assembly was
■••j:.<«mpletfd it was shown that not one of
>.i-:ihe': candidates had gained or lost a
■ .'•' vY-ate. In a scarcely audible tone.
••.-.:" -Speaker Wright voted for Burns. The
c ; - : *~ tabulated suit is as folio
.■\ : ."l:: 'For Barnes— Senators Dickinson. Luclu
:.':;<■■<■■■ Morehouse, Stratton; Assembly
. •;'-,L:/i&WV.Atherton, Cloush. Knights, Knowl
• '■ ';''.y itpH-.. hardner, Muenter— lo.
r -i •'. ■ ■■.;■,, Senators Currier. Simpson;
,; : ;;j : pthblymen Belshaw, Conrey, Cosper,
. .•>'•;:■•;; Mr).l.j'.=k.' Miller of Los Angeles, Robin
/.0-- i ;:/.;' ; R!.(n.' : Vatenline—
■: jy^'^jEiei- Burns: Senators Bettman,
" Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
. ridg«, Wolfe; Assemblymen Arne
rich, Barry. Beecher, Cobb, Devoto,
;r.\^i: Dibble, Henry, JILSON, Johnson,
Ketsey, Kelley, Kenneally, Lund
-1 ; quist, McKeen. Miller of San Fran
•' ; ois-ce. Pierce. Rickard; Eugene Sulli-
Van, WRIGHT— 26.
: ".V ..'•/For Grant — Senators Boyce. Cutter,
:■.::■■.:.: .'■'..•:-. Maggard. Nutt, Smith. Trout;
"■■■: .:• . mblymen Bliss. Blood, Cargill, Clark,
' : .~;.'Cr6«der,' Dole. De Lancie, Greenwell,
.•■ : '->Jhfnoweth, Le Barron. McDonald of Ala
•.;.' :"rnf ; da. Donald of Tuolumne, Merrill,
: ;f <;Mr-rrltt, Milice, Radcllff, Raub, Raw,
• ■':"•• :"\Vorks, Huber— 27.
• :> 'y .-. f-"er Knight— Senator Gillette, Assembly
•!:' ';.•• • man Boynton— 2.
'.■ : ' '•■. For Felton— Assemblymen Brown, Mar
:~-". vin— 2.
• »;.'.■ *.. For Scott— Senator Davis, Assembly
• ■■■ man Dunlap — 2.
i ■ For Rosenfeld— Senators Feeney, Hall
♦ .-. For Ban Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
.„'•»■ For Paterson— Senator Taylor, Assem
blyman I. a Barec— 2.
;."'•• 'For Bstee — Assemblymen Anderson,
;.:• ;"'-V\-ade-2.
As Boon as the result was announced
a second ballot was ordered, and when
Senator Ashe announced his vote for
"CMonel James F. Smith of Manila"
."• there" was loud applause on the floor
and in the lobbies, in which the Repub
-'.• Means joined with the Democrats — that
■"' is -all but the Burns list of dishonor
.*„'. ables — patriotism does not appeal to
. [.*■ that motley crew. Thirty-four Demo-
I-; "crats voted for the soldier. Feeney
,;. alone holding out for Rosenfeld. It is
"cu.rrenf rumor that eventually Feeney
"!• will be found in the ranks of Burns'
■ rough riders if sufficient inducements
';• are" held out. The Republicans voted
;. as.- before without exception, the second
. . ballot .being as follows:
"•■ For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Luch
"•■fin^er, Morehouse, Stratton; Assembiy
. .rh'e:i> Atherton, dough. Knights, Know
..' la'rfd, Lardner. Muenter— lo.
•"'For Bujla— Senators Currier, Simpson;
'•■ •Assemblymen Belshaw, Conrey; Cosper,
' Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles, Robin
;."• sor>,.' Valentine— 9.
j. •.' For 1 Burns: Senators Bettman,
■Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
■:. .ridge, • Wolfe; Assemblymen Arne- i
..-.• rich. " Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto,
•". .Dibble, . Henry, JILSON, Johnson,
: v K*lsey, Kelley, Kenneally, Lund
=i"..:l .: ? .quist," McKeen, Miller of San Fran
■ '::: cisco, Pierce, Rickara, Eugene Sulli- \
y: I van, WRIGHT— 26.
•'■••."' ':"'.'. For Grant— Senators Boyce. Cutter,
.■■'•:': :joo«s, Maggard. Nutt. Smith. Trout:
.•" • -■: A ft? mblymen Bliss. Blood, Cargill, Clark.
: -.- '//Crowder, Dole. De Lancie, Greenwell,
" :.'"-.; 'Chenoweth, Le Barron, McDonald of Al
"■•■'. -.ameda. McDonald of Tuolumne, Merrill,
Merrltt. Milice, Radcliff. Raub, Raw,
Huber-27.
Fur Knight — Senator Gillette; Assem
blyman Boynton — 2.
For Fenton— Assemblymen Brown, Mar
vin—2.
For Scott— Senator Davis; Assembly
man Dunlap— 2.
For Rosenfeld — Senator Feeney— l.
For Bard— Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
For Paterson— Senator Taylor; Assem
blyman La Baree— 2.
Fov Ksttre— Assemblymen Anderson,
Wade— 2.
Senator Leavitt moved that the joint
convention adjourn until to-morrow,
but the motion met with such a storm
of opposition from supporters of all the
other candidates that Burns' lieutenant
uas g'.ad to withdraw it and the third
ballot was ordered, making the eighth
for Senator.
This time the Democrats voted for
Assemblyman Caminetti and his name
was also greeted with cheers when it
was first announced by Senator Ashe.
Brill there was no change, no stampede
to any candidate, and the Burns forces
lo >ko<i more gloomy than ever. Xot
one vote had they been able to corral
during the day and the situation was
indeed becoming desperate. The re
sult was as follows:
For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Luch
singer Morehouse, Smitten: Assembly
men Atherton, dough, Knights, Know
land. Lardner, Muenter— lo.
For Bulla— Sena.urs Currier. Simpson;
Assemblymen Belshaw, Conrey. Cosper,
k. Miller of Los Angeles, Robinson,
Valentli
For Burns — Senators Bettman,
Burnett. Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
ridge, Wolfe; Assemblymen Arne
rich. Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto,
Dibble, Henry, JILSON, Johnson,
Kelsey, Kelley, Kenneally, Lund
quist, McKeen, Miller of San Fran
cisco, Pierce, Rickard, Eugene Sulli
van. WRIGHT— 26.
For Grant— Senators Boyce, Cutter.
j.,nes. Maggard. Nutt, Smith. Trout;
Assemblymen Bliss, Blood, Cargill, Clark,
Crowder, Dale. I'" Lancle, lireenwell,
Chenoweth. L<» Barron, McDonald of /vla
meda, McDonald of Tuolumne, Merrill,
Mrrritt Milice. Kadcliff, Raub, Raw,
Works. Huber— 27.
For Knight— Senator Gillette; Assembly
man Boynton— 2.
For I'cnton— Assemblymen- Brown, Mar
vin—2. _
F<>r Scott— Senator Davis; Assemblyman
For Rosen f eld— Senator Feeney— L
For Bard— Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
For Paterson— Senator Taylor; Assem
blyman La Bnree-2.
For Estee — Assemblymen Anderson,
Wade— 2.
For the fourth time during the day
the roll was called, the Democrats giv
ing Congressman Marion do Yii«-s the
complimentary vote. Still there was no
other change, each Republican holding
exactly the same vote he received in
the last ballot yesterday.
Following is the result:
For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Luch
sink»r Morehouse, Stratton; Assembly
m< ti Atherton, Clough. Knights, Know
land Lardrier. Muenter— lo.
For Bulla— Senators ( urnor. Simpson;
Assemblymen Belshaw. Conrey. Cosper,
Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles, Robinson,
Valentine— 9.
For Burns — Senators Bettman,
Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
ridge, Wolfe; Assemblymen Arne
rich, Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto,
Dibble, Henry, JTLSON. Johnson,
Kelsey, Kelley, Kenneally, Lund
quist, McKeen. Miller of San Fran
cisco, Pierce, Bickard, Eugene Sulli
van, WRIGHT— 26.
For Grant — Senators Boyce, Cutter,
Jones Maggard. Nutt, Smith. Trout; As
semblymen Bliss. Blood. Cargill. Clark,
("rowder Dale, De Laneie, Greenwell,
Chenoweth, Le Barron. McDonald of Ala
meda, McDonald of Tuolumne. Merrill,
Merrltt Mi.ice, Radcllff, Raub, Raw,
\\.rks.'Huber-27.
For Knight— Senator Gillette; Assem
blyman Boynton — 2.
For Fenton — Assemblyman Brown.
Marvin— 2.
For Scott— Senator Davis" : Assembly
man Dunlap — 2.
For Rasenfeld— Senator Feeney— l.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
For Bard— Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
For Paterson— Senator Taylor; Assem
blyman La Baree— 2.
For Estee— Assemblyman Anderson,
Wade— 2.
By this time all parties were willing
to take a rest and the roll call on the
motion of McDonald of Alameda to ad
journ showed few members who cared
to take another ballot. During the roll
cali an incident occurred that created
a ripple of merriment and momentarily
drew attention from uphappy Howard
Wright. Assemblyman Caminetti had
occasion to leave the chamber momen
tarily, his wife and little son remaining
in their seats at his desk. While he
was absent his name was called on the
motion to adjourn and the little fellow,
thoroughly tired of the, to him, unin
teresting proceedings, promptly piped
out "aye." The vote was recorded and
the motion prevailing, the joint con
vention adjourned to noon to-morrow.
TRYING TO COERCE
VOTES FOR BURNS
All the Influence of the South
ern Pacific Brought to Bear
on Knights.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— The desperate straits to
■which the touts, the Federal brigade and
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
have been reduced in order to bolster up
the failing prospects of Daniel M. Burns
were Illustrated here In Sacramento to
day.
Mexican Dan realizes the fact that it
will require the exercise of all the power
of the Southern Pacilic, the State admin
istration, the machinery of the Repub-
lican State organization and every other
influence he can bring to bear to even
keep him in the Senatorial race. Wil
liam F. Herrin and the Southern Pacific
Company are moving heaven and earth
to bring votes into line for Burns. Her
rin realizes the fact that the desperate
situation which exists calls for the ex
ercise of the most desperate methods to
even give Burns remote possibility of suc
cess. He is using those tactics and As
s. mblyman W. D. Knights of Sacramento
County is being made the victim of a con
spiracy to force him on the ballot to
morrow to change his vote, against his
will, from General W. H. L. Barnes to
Daniel M. Burns.
The master hand of Herrin became ap-
parent to-day, when he sent instructions
to J. B. Wright, the division superintend
ent of the Southern Pacific Company
hdre, to have a meeting of the Repub
lican Committee of Sacramento County
called for the purpose of passing a reso
lution indorsing Burns' candidacy and re
questing Assemblyman Knights to cast
his vote for the man from Mexico.
Wright absolutely dominates the Re
publican committee of this county, and it
was. therefore, not a difficult matter for
him to obey the command of his master.
A meeting of the committee was called.
Only those members were notified who
were known to be favorable to the rail
road company and to Burns. Of course
it was not desirable to have any one
|ji< Bent at the committee meeting who
was not In favor of disgracing the State
by the election of Burns. It was also un
desirable to have any committeeman on
hand who would oppose the attempt
which was to be.mad>- to bulldoze Assem
blyman Knights and try to force him to
commit an act which he has heretofore
stated he did not desire to do. So only
the committeemen Superintendent Wright
absolutely owned were called to attend
the meeting.
When they had gathered the resolution
to bulldoze <Mr. Knights was introduced
by Thomas C. Perkins, and It was adopt
ed. The will of Herrin was carried out to
the letter and the conspiracy to coerce
a good and an honorable man had suc
ceeded that far.
But the job was not yet completed, for
the conspirators knew that Mr. Knights
was a man of independent thought and
action. They knew that he was decidedly
averse to casting- his vote for any man
for United States Senator who has a
tainted character. Even though the
County Central Committee had. by ques
tionable methods, indorsed Burns, that by
no means Indicated to the' conspirators
that Assemblyman Knights would follow
the instructions to vote for him.
Several of the committeemen captured
Mr. Knights about 7:30 o'clock this evening
and carried him in triumph to the rooms
of the Republican Stete Central Commit- |
ifrs^^t^A SS*?!!g£;
of a stalking station by the Burns touts.
Here they gather during the day an 1
evening in order to receive Instructions I
from the Great Mogul himself.
Mr. Knights was this evening taken
there and held for over an hour, while
Major Frank McLaughlin poured into his '
unwilling ears a long tale. The major I
became very eloquent in giving reasons
why the victim sitting in front of him
should to-morrow misrepresent his con
stituents by voting for Burns. The ma
jor's eloquence could not have had the
desired effect, for after this interview Mr.
Knights was taken to the office of Dlvi
sion Superintendent Wright at the depot I
by Master Mechanic H. C. iHeinzleman. j
Exactly what transpired there no one will
ever know other than the. three men who
for half an hour participated in a star
chamber consultation. It can only be
surmised that Mr. Knights was informed
as to, the power of the Southern Pacific
Company and the advisability of his
changing his vote to Burns was dwelt
upon in detail.
After this interview Mr. Knights was
permitted to go to his .home at 1615 L i
street. For four hours he .had been sub- i
jected to the worst dragooning that It Is
possible for.a free American citizen to re- ,
reive at the hands of the tools of a great ;
corporation which Is endeavoring to co- ■
erce him to commit an act for which he i
has repeatedly stated he has a distinct i
aversion.
W. D. Knights is one of the most prom
inent business men of Sacramento, and is i
one of the public spirited citizens of the '■
capital. He is the secretary of the Wil- j
liam R. Knights Company, which is the I
largest firm of its kind— hides and tan
ning—on the Pacific Coast. They own
the Capital City Soap Works and have a
large branch tannery at Benicia.
The William R. Knights Company does
a tremendous freight business with the
Southern Pacific. It annually pays to
the railroad thousands of dollars in
freight charges. It is within the power ,
of the corporation of which Uncle Collis I
is the head to absolutely ruin the busl- \
ness of the firm of which Assemblyman |
Knights is secretary by discrimination
in the matter of freight rates. The oc
topus in its desperation to force an un
willing Assemblyman to vote for Burns
would step at nothing.
Night after night, ever since the first
ballot in the Senatorial fight was taken,
trusted lieutenants of the railroad and
of Burns have called at the house of As
semblyman Knights and endeavored to
whip him into line, but he has been proof
against all of the bulldozers. He has
been stopped on the streets of the city :
and threatened. He has been called upon I
at his place of business and coercive |
methods used upon him, but Mr. Knights j
has been firm as a granite bowlder thus j
far In his determination not to vote for I
Burns. This afternoon he stated that !
unless the action of the County Commit- j
tee in Indorsing Burns was approved by
every member of the committee in his I
Assembly district he would not cast his j
vote for the mine jumper of Candelarla.
To another friend he stated his action |
could only be influenced by a mass meet- |
Ing. If that was called and it was the !
sense of the meeting that he should vote j
for Burns he would do so. but not other- i
wise. It remains to be sppn whether or
not this conspiracy on the part of Her
rin, Wright, the Southern Pacific, the
Federal brigade and the Burns touts to
coerce an honorable man to do something j
which his own conscience must tell him
is wrong and which he himself says he is
not willing to do will succeeed.
WHO SPOKE FOR THE
SUPREME JUDGES ?
Indications Point to Herrin as
the Man Who Palled
Wright Over.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Where is the man
that told Howard E. Wright that four
members of the Supreme Court were in
favor of Colonel Burns for United
States Senator?
The Speaker insists that his informa
tion that four of the Justices favored
Burns came from a high source. In
order to ascertain the name and where
abouts of the individual who assumed
to speak for the court or four members
thereof as to the fitness of a Senatorial
candidate The Call to-night propounded
a number of inquiries to the Speaker.
It was surmised that M. M. Estee or the
"colonel" might have taken it upon
himself to speak for the court and
therefore this inquiry was made:
"Did Dan, during the interview which
you had with him just before the bal
lot, say that four of the Judges were
favorable to his success as a candidate
for the Senate?"
"No," rejoined the Speaker, "I did
not get my information from Colonel
"Did you get the information from
the Justices themselves?"
The Speaker said in response: "I did
no hear it directly from the members
of the court, but the information came
hf* 0 ?^ m from' one who is very
close to four of the Judges. ! '
"Did Mr. Estee, who was called here,
it is said, to talk with you on the sub
ject, say that certain members of the
court favored the colonel's election to
the Senate?"
The Speaker replied that Estee was
not his informant as to the preferences
jo f the Supreme Court Judges. The
o nM i,-, r a i so <, a t f i that hp did not talk
f?s£ k TmqHcp VrF-lrland or, thp tnnn
V , J " stice Me* ai land on the topic
of the Senatorship.
Speaker Wright was finally requested
—earnestly and sincerely requested— to
name the person of high standing with
whom he conversed and from whom the
statement was received that four mem-
Ders of the Supreme Court favored
™" °f Rums for United StatM <?onc
Co'onel_liurns tor. unite states Sena
tor - , The Speaker said he could not
mention the name of the man as the
conversation was private,
There is only ' one inference to be
drawn from the Speaker's reticence in
this matter. There can hardly a
doubt that Herrin of the Southern Pa
r iflr |j> w rlpnartmpnt is the man that
*!?.?. I?? wrtehtthat four memhlr f f
*? ld Mr. ™ right that rour members of
the Supreme Court . were in favor of
Dan Burns . for Senator. Nobody is
bound to suppose that Herrin spoke
with authority, direct or implied, from
the members of the court. A vote was
wanted for Burns and Herrin went
after it according to the tactics of the
corporation.
SAN JOAQUIN PLAINS
NAY BE REDEEMED
The Assembly Requested to
Ask Governmental Aid for
Ditches.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Cal.. Jan. 13.— A concurrent res
olution that will greatly interest residents
of the broad San Joaquin plains was in
troduced in the Assembly this morning
by Assemblyman Griffin of Madera. Its
primary object is to clear away the ob
stacles that have been thrown in the way
of irrigation by the Wright law, and if
Congress heeds the request It makes not
many months will see the naturally fruit
ful San Joaquin prolific of everything
from roses to watermelons.
The preamble to the resolution recites
that under favorable climatic conditions
the San Joaquin Valley is fertile and
susceptible in the extreme to profitable
cultivation, but it also recites that the
weather is not certain enough to guar
antee regular annual production, and that
that condition can not be brought about
save by artificial means.
Therefore, be it resolved by the As
sembly, the Senate concurring, that our
Senators In Congress be instructed and
our Representatives therein be requested
to take such action as shall result in an
estimate of the cost by engineers of the
Federal Government and a proposal of a
plan for the extent and circumstances of
restraining works to confine and husband
the waters of tne Stanislaus. Tuolumne.
Merced, Fresno and Kings Rivera, where
a dam or dams on each of them can be
best located; the amount of water that
may be utilized and a secondary system
of irrigating canals leading therefrom and
tertiary distributing facilities and such
other necessary works as will provide for
the sufficient irrigation of the whole val
ley of the San Joaquin, and to enable
the valley to be divided into districts, and
the amount of land that may be irrigated
in each, and that following such report an
appropriation may be made by Congress
to defray the cost of same.
If Congress shall see fit to send the
Federal engineers to do the work re
quested they will find a good part of It
already done, so far as canals and dis
tributing facilities are concerned. The
big Turlock ditch running from the Tou
lumne dam at La Grange to Modesto, with
all its collateral ditches, is ready for
the turning in of the water, and the same
work is done and waiting for proper legis
lation at > her' points through the
valley.
Caminetti of Amador introduced Assem
bly bill 22G, which is calculated to give a
long wished for protection to those who
have invested their money in the stock of
mining corporations. It provides that any
one owning stock In any mine may visit
the property at will and may take an
expert into the workings and make inves
tigation, even to the extent of carrying
samples of the ore and the tailings. It
was referred to the committee on mines
and mining.
Bill 221. introduced by Knowland of Ala
mecia, provides for the creation of an
other commission and the establishment
of a list of "registered accountants." The
commission is to consist of live compe
tent accountants to be appointed by the
Governor. Their duties shall be to ex
amine Into the qualifications of all book
keepers who may desire a State license,
and to formulate all necessary rules gov
erning their office and prescribing the du
ties of those who attain the badge 01 the
State's recognition. The only compensa
tion to be received by the commission is
a fee of not exceeding $25 from each
applicant for a State certificate. This $25
must also pay current office expenses and
;ill expenses attached to examinations. A
bill making it possible for owners to re
deem property sold to the State prior to
1893 for delinquent taxes was introduced
by Assemblyman Works of San Diego. It
provides that all owners, or owners at
interest, may redeem such properties upon
the payment of back taxes at the delin
quent fate, and it absolves from any und
all penalties.
The San Francisco charter brought out
some rather queer behavior on the part
of Assemblyman Dibble. When the char
ter was introduced on Tuesday' it was re
ferred to the Committee on Municipal Cor
porations. This morning Dibble moved
that It be sent back to the Assembly by
the committee, that it might be referred
to the Judiciary Committee. Valentine
opposed the motion, and Dibble stated
that the friends of the charter desired
the action he called for.
Assemblyman Cobb. . chairman of the
San Franeisro delegation, who introduced
the charter, denied that its friends wanted
any such thin?, and moved to amend Dib
ble's motion by sending it back to the
Assembly for consideration. It was so or
dered.
The Senatorial ballot interrupted busi
ness at noon, and after it was over ad
journment was taken until 10 o clock to
morrow morning.
MANY NEW EMPLOYES
BY THE BELSHAW BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— A new turn was given
to the fight against the Belshaw law gov
erning the number of employes of the
Senate and Assembly when Senate bill No.
153, amending the act. was withdrawn by
Cutter of Tuba, as secretary of the Sen
ate Republican caucus, and a new bill
substituted, as agreed upon by yester
day's caucus.
The first bill, which "was Introduced
earLy la the week, enumerated the list ot
employes the same as in the Belshaw law '
and contained a sentence at the end as
follows: "And such other employes as the
Senate may deem necessary." The para
graph relating to Assembly employes was i
drafted the same way. I
After the measure had been introduced !
and sent to the printer the caucus saw
that it left the matter of appointing at
taches as wide or>en as before the Belshaw
act was passed, and it was decided to
amend it by enumerating all the addi
tional employes to be allowed to the Sen
ate. No change was made in the provi- I
sion for Assembly employes.
The amended bill, which was offered to- :
day in place of the first measure, gives
the full li««t Of employes and adds just
thirty to the present force, besides such j
committee clerks as the Senate may see i
fit to appoint. These thirty additional !
employes are allowed salary amounting
to $119 per diem— an average of $4 each. ;
The list of additional employes includes ;
one assistant clerk at the desk, at a per \
dem of $"i; one assistant sergeant at arms, |
$5; one assistant sergeant at arms for
the Finance Committee at $3; one for the
Judiciary Committee. $5; and one at $o
to be assigned to any committee requiring
his services; one as assistant minute
clerk, $6; one assistant journal clerk. $5;
one assistant engrossing and enrolling !
clerk at $5; one bill flier. $4: one mall car
rier, $3; one messenger to the State
Printer, $3; three bill clerks at $4 each, j
and drops one assistant bill clerk; one <
assistant history clerk. $5; one cloakroom !
clerk, $4; one stenographer for the Fi
nance Committee. $5; one stenographer
for the Judiciary Committee. $5; six port
ers at $3 each: one rear porter, $3; three
watchmen at $3 each; one janitress for the
ladies' cloakroom, $3; two press mailing
clerks at $4 each. This allows each of the |
majority members an additional appointee \
at $4 per diem and still leaves several
places to divide among them.
As the Assembly will increase its force
qute as much if not more than the Senate,
the bill, if it becomes a law. will saddle an
extra expense upon the State of $240 a day
for the remainder of the session.
The Senate might be able to dispense
with some of this help, but the secretary
is in urgent need of another assistant at
the desk. As soon as the bill was sent
up to the secretary's desk Dickinson
moved that the secretary be instructed to
have it printed out of order. This was
done, and the bill was rushed over to the
printer. It will be back to-morrow morn-
Ing, and an effort will be made to suspend
the rules and pass it to-morrow. This,
however, can only be done with the con
sent of minority members.
MANY CHANGES IN
THE STANDING RULES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Aside from the with
drawal of Senate bill No. 153, amending
the Belshaw act, and the substitution of
the new bill agreed upon by the majority
caucus, there was little of interest in the
Senate proceedings to-day, which did not
consume more than an hour and a half
all told.
Stratton of Alameda, from the Commit
tee on Rules, reported the following
changes, which were agreed to:
Rule I— Changes the dates to correspond
with the year 1899 rather than 1597.
Rule 2— Manner of the reading of the
journal has been changed to correspond
with the amendment of section 253 of
the Political Code.
Rule 21— Has been changed to permit
"rush orders" for printing to be issued by
the secretary.
Rule 23— Permitting the chairman of
.each committee to name a clerk of the
committee has been omitted to corre
spond with the provisions of the Belshaw
act.
Rule 25— Provides that the standing com
mittees shall be named by the President
of the Senate instead of by the Senate.
Rule 36— Setting forth the standing
committees has been changed pursuant
to the report of the special committee
and the report of the special committee
has been further amended so as to make
the Committee on Commerce consist of
nine members, Finance thirteen members
and Military Affairs seven members.
Rule 38— Has been omitted. This pro
vides that the chairman of ea,ch commit
tee may appoint a clerk without the per
mission of the Senate. The Belshaw act
modifies this.
Rule 67— Has been omitted. This pre
scribed the duty of the Committee on
Rules and Revision, stating that it shall
pass upon the constitutionality and cor
rectness and accuracy of all laws, etc.
This has been omitted owing to the fact
that this duty cannot be properly per
formed by any committee under the cir
cumstances.
Flint, from the Committee on Attaches,
Contingent Expenses and Mileage, report
ed a resolution instructing the sergeant
at-arms to ascertain what furniture and
supplies were wanted for the Senate
chamber and committee rooms and report,
with the cost, to the Finance Committee.
When the introduction of bills was
called for Cutter of Yuba withdrew No.
153 and offered an amended bill in its
place. Recess.
When the Senate resumed its session
after the joint convention Sims of Sono
ma introduced five bills relating to the
improvement of the Home for the Care
of the Feeble-Minded and appropriating
a total of 1162,500 therefor.
Wolfe '.'resented constitutional amend
ment No. 7. exempting from taxation
churches and chapel?.
("utter offered a resolution appropriat
ing $500 out of the Senate contingent fund
for the furnishing of the Lieutenant Gov
ernor's rooms.
The Senate then adjourned until 10 a. m.
to-morrow.
FIVE BILLS FOR THE
HOME FOR FEEBLE-MINDED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- j
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Senator Sims of Sono- ]
ma has come out as the champion of the !
California State Home for the Feeble
minded. To-day he introduced in the up- j
per house, out of order, five bills for im
proving and extending the home, for
which he asks a total appropriation of
$162,500. Senator Sims' object in introduc
ing separate bills, instead of combining
the several appropriations in one measure,
was to escape a possible veto of the entire
bill. He reasoned that the Governor
might bo favorably disposed toward cer
tain of the contemplated improvements '
and opposed to others, and by presenting
separate bills the home would probably !
secure some, at least, of the appropria
tions.
The bills are numbered from 206 to 210
Inclusive., and the first appropriates $37.
--500 for the completion and improvement ,
of the buildings now in course of con- j
struction. No. 207 provides for the crec- '
tion and equipment of a laundry for the
home, for which $30,000 is appropriated.
No. 208 appropriates $50,000 for the con
struction of additional accommodations i
for Inmates of the home. No. 209 provide* [
for the construction of a building for the
use of the commissary department, for
which {20.000 is allotted. The last bill. No.
210, makts provision for a water supply,
for which purpose S2.".'»»> is appropriated.
The bills were referred to the Commit
tee on Public Buildings.
AN AMENDMENT ON
CHURCH TAXATION
CAI-T, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— The constitutional
amendment presented to the Senate by
Braunhart to-day reads as follows:
O institutional amendment No. "—A resolution
to propose to the people of the State of Cali
fornia to amend the constitution of the State
by adding to article XIII thereof a section In
relation to the exemption from taxation of
churches and chapels and the real property
on which they are situated, said new section
to be inserted after section 1 of said article
XIII. and to 1 be designated as section iv of
said article.
The Legislature of the State of California,
at Its thirty-third session, two-thirds of all
the members elected to each of the two houses
voting in favor thereof, proposes to the peo
ple of the State of California the following
amendment to the constitution of the State:
Add to article XIII '>f said constitution a
section in relation to the exemption from tax
ation of all buildings used exclusively at
churches and chapels and the real property on
which they .ire situated, said new section to
be inserted after section 1 of said article XIII,
and to be designated as section l*j of said
article and to read as follows:
Section W*— All buildings used exclusively a«
churches and chapels, and the real property
on which they are situated, shall be free from
taxation.
It will be seen that the proposed
amendment exempts only churches and
chapels and the ground on which they
are situated. All other church holdings
shall be subject to taxation as now. This
amendment has long been under consider
ation of the clergy of the State of every
denomination, and has been agreed to by
Archbishop Riordan, Rabbi Voorsanger,
Dr. Dille, Dr. Dinsmore of San Jose, Dr.
Mackenzie, Dr. Bovard of Santa Rosa and
other clergymen, including Presbyterians,
Baptists, Methodists, Episcopalians and
other denominations.
CONREY WANTS TO REFORM
STATE CIVIL SERVICE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 33.— Assemblyman Conrey
of Los Angeles is another legislator with
a commission up his sleeve. Incidentally
Mr. Conrey wants to reform the State
civil service laws so that nearly all of the
State clerical force will be brought within
its provisions. To effect it he finds It
necessary to create a half dozen and more
rotund salaries and confer official honor
upon four jobchasera chosen by the Gov
ernor without consideration of civil ser
vice or anything else, save the good old
political pull.
Under the bill, which is drawn on the
lines of the one now in effect in Nf>w
York, there are to be three commissioners
appointed, whose compensation is fixed
at |10 per .day for each day they work,
providing their annual drawdown does
not exceed $2uoo each. It will be the duty
of the commissioners to formulate rules,
with the assistance of the Governor, and
hire the office help, the pay of which i 3
to not exceed $1500 annually. The work
is to be done by a chief examiner, who
will receive as his compensation not to
exceed $3000 per annum. The commis
sioners are to have the employment of all
clerical forces.
Veterans of the Grand Army of the Re
public are to be given preference over
other applicants after they have passed
the necessary examinations.
The bill was given its first reading and
submitted to the committee on commis
sions and public expenditures.
CITIES TO PROFIT IN
PUBLIC FRANCHISES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Assemblyman Meade of
Los Angeles brought a bill into the As
sembly with him that, if passed by the
Legislature, will work a radical change
in the present system of franchises of
quasi-public corporations. Instead of be
ing granted solely for the profit of the
petitioning corporation the municipality in
which the institutions are operating will
benefit by them to the extent of 3 per cent
of the gross receipts per annum during
the life of the franchise.
The bill provides that when a franchise
Is desired it shall be advertised for thirty
days In some daily newspaper and then
offered for sale to the highest bidder.
Certified checks, payable to the Mayor,
to the full amount of the bid. must ac
company each proposal, such sum to be
r.ot'less" than $1000 nor more than $21
except in cases of street railroads. In
which the amount must not be less than
$5000.
Upon the successful completion and op
eration of the work under the franchise
the certified check shall be returned to
the grantee and thereafter he shall pay
annually to the municipality a percent
age of the gross receipts of not less than
3 per cent.
Mr. Meade's bill went to i.ie committee
on municipal corporations.
AN INDELIBLE STAIN
ON WRIGHTS CHARACTER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MBNTO, Jan. 13.— Messages and letters
received here from Alameda County re
port that the shame of Howard E.
Wright's vote for Dun Burns causes there
a mixed feeling of sorrow and resentment.
In many households the opinion is ex
pressed that the stain on Wright's charac
ter is indelible. The aged mother of the
member from Livermore, in Alam^da
County, has written a letter to her son— a
letter of counsel and advice. She has lived
In this world long enough to appreciate
the great truth that a good name is more
to be prized than riches and power. She
tells her son that although the family is
poor and has battled with adversity and
poverty no stain of disgrace rests on the
family name. She implores her son by
all that is sacrrd and dear to preserve
the family honor and never bring upon it
the disgrace of casting his vote to elect
Dan Burns to the United States Senate.
HELP WANTED FOR SAN
FRANCISCO HEALTH BOARD
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— 8i1l No. 223 was intro
duced into the Assembly yesterday by
Wardell of San Francisco, acting for the
San Francisco Board of Health. It is
intended to so amend section 3009 of the
Political Code, under which the board
was created, that certain positions now
filled may be legalized and more em
ployes put on the payrolls. It authorize s
thfl board to employ a secretary and one
assistant, six health inspectors, one mar
ket inspector and one messenger. It pro
vides also for the appointment of "at
least" two visiting physicians for the
City and County Hospital, who shall have
no compensation, but who shall have the
privilege of teaching students in medi
cine in the Wards of the hospital and mak
ing a charge for their instruction. A su
perintendent of the County Almshouse,
one resident physician, one matron and
"other employes," as under the present
law, shall also be employed.
The board itself feels in need of more
employes, and under the amendment may
employ as many tssistants and medical
attendants as it may be able to cover with
its $15,000 appropriation. The bill was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Bulla Gets Moral Support.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— Senator Bul
la's supporters this evening received a
telegram which pleased them a great
deal. It was signed by 100 of the fore
most business men and Republican lead
ers in Los Angeles County, and read as
follows:
"No change in sentiment here for United
States Senator. It is overwhelmingly for
Bulla. Los Angeles delegation should
stand together as a unit and preserve its
powers."
The nine votes Bulla had to-day agreed
this evening to stay with him to-morrow.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If it fail* to ours.
2£c The genuine has U B. Q, as each tablet.
34
McKENZIE HELD
FOR COMPLICITY IN
COOK'S MURDER
We, the Jury, find the deceased was named Alfred
Cook, was a native of England, aged about 38 years,
that he came to his death on the sth day of January,
1*99, frum gunshot wounds inflicted by a revolver in
the hands of one Jesse Walters, and we charge the
aforesaid Jesse Walters with the murder of the said
Alfred Cook.
L. T. I layman, foreman; H. F. Hillman, H. C.
Horstmeyer. C. M. Garwood, P. Lennon, J. Maxwell,
E. W. Hottel, M. Guhn, J. F. Wilson.
Approved, R. M. Kyser, Coroner of Napa County,
California.
NAPA, Jan. 13.— Ex-Sheriff George I
S. Mi'Kenzie is to-night a pris
oner in the County Jail, of
which tor ten consecutive years
' he -was the chief custodian, and
stands charged with the most heinous
crime' known to the law.
To-iia vy developments in the Cook-
Walters-McKenzie tragedy were nu
merous onoui'.h and sensational enough
to satisfy even the most morbid
minded, Th< •!•« wore several hours of
exciting examination before the Cor
oner's jury, during which testimony was
extracted by slow but effective grilling
'of ex-Fheriff McKenzie, going to show
that for at least several weeks the
witness and Jesse Walters had beeo on
a still man hunt after Alfred Cook, the
suspected lover of Mrs. Walters. For
nearly two hours the Coroner's jury de
liberated over the testimony which had
• been submitted to it, and then brought
In what might be called a triple-bar
reled verdict. First Jesse Walters was
charged with the murder of Alfred
Cook. Next r-ix of the Jurors signed a
verdict finding that ex-Sheriff McKen
zle aided and abetted the murder of
Cook, and the last three of the jurors
found that McKenzie was an accessory
after the fact.
Scarcely had the verdict been read
when the Sheriff was away from the
■ Courthouse and shortly afterward
returned with his predecessor in office
in a hark. Most of the large audiences
that had attended the inquest had
waited for the prisoner in front of and
in the corridos of the Courthouse, and
In passing into the jail at the rear of
the building, Sheriff Dunlap and Mc-
Kenzie had to force their way through
the crowd.
McKenzie was not manacled and
shook many oxtended hands as he
imssed from the atmosphere of freedom
into the solemn gloom of the prison.
The arrest was made at the home i>J
McKenzie. who left a sick wife in bed
and three children, the oldest aged 13
VERDICTS OF THE JURY.
years. The other two are girls, aged
lesptctively 8 and 11 years. Mrs. Mc-
Kenzie had an intimation that sh"
would soon be deprived of her husband
by the hand of the law, but when the
blow fell there was a tearful scene.
The wife moaned and wept in her help
lessness and the younger children
clung to their father and cried pite
ously. In the midst of it all McKenzie
tore himself away, almost glad of the
relief from this affecting situation that
a prison cell would provide.
There is probably no parallel in the
criminal history of the State to the tale
temporarily rounded out to-day by the
arrest of ex-Sheriff McKenzie. Thl3 is
the story that the prosecution claims
it will make good by convincing and
convicting evidence: About two years
ago Alfred Cook was discharged from
the employ of Jesse Walters of Oak
ville, this county, with whom he was
employed as a barkeeper. The cause of
Cook's dismissal was the suspicion on
the part of Walters that his employe
had been unduly intimate with Mrs.
Walters.
Early in December Walters became
suspicious that his wife and Cook were
in communication with one another and
were even meeting clandestinely in San
Francisco. Acting on this idea and en-
listing the services of George S. Mc-
Kenzie, then and for ten years past
Sheriff of Napa County, a private but
persistent investigation was com
menced to locate Cook and ascertain if
the ex-barkeeper and Mrs. Walters
maintained closer relations than the
law permitted. In this alleged conspir
acy of private revenge, the prosecution
claims it will show McKenzie, the high
est peace officer in the county, used th<*
prestige and power of his nubile office.
He sought to obtain prohibited Infor
mation from the local postal authori
ties, but without succesp, and also en
deavored to secure the aid of the San
Francisco Police Department in the
search for Cook.
They will show also that having at
last located Cook, the Intended victim
to a husband's vengeance was induced
by a letter from Mrs. Walters to seek
and obtain employment In the stable
of McKenzie in this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
I*i addition to the facts found in the annexed
verdict, we, the undersigned members of the Coro
ner's jury, do hereby find that George S. McKenzie
aided and abetted in the murder of the said Alfred
Cook.
H. F. Hillman, J. F. Wilson, E. W. Hottel, C. M.
Garwood, M. Guhn, P. Lennon.
In the within entitled matter, in addition to the
annexed verdict, we, the undersigned members of the
Coroner's jury, do hereby find that George S. Mc-
Kenzie was an accessory after the fact in the murder
of the said Alfred Cook.
L. T. Hayman, H. C. Horstmeyer, J. Maxwell.
Whether Mrs. Walters was conscious
or unconscious of the conspiracy the
authorities are nut prepared to say.
but are strongly inclined to the belief
that ehe was either deceived or coerced
Into asking McKenzie to give emnlov
men to her cousin. Doorman "Cook."
and informing Cook that a place was
open for him at McKenzie's.
It is assorted that they will prove it
was prearranged between Walters and
McKenzie to have Cook In the box stall
where he would be done to death on
the pretext that Walters was forced to
kill him in self-defense. This may be
said to be the intended line of the
prosecution in the approaching trials.
Every available space in the larere
courtroom where the inquest was re
sumed this morning was filled by spec
tators, interest having been intensified
by the probability that McKenzie
would be implicated and arrested. Mc-
Kenzie was the first witness, and the
sensational character of the informa
tion ground out from him word by word
by District Attorney Bell kept nerves
in the courtroom on edge.
While the details were remarkable in
themselves his testimony as a whole
showed that he had radically changed
his attitude in the case. He had within
two days become transformed from the
chief witness in favor of Walters to
one utterly worthless to the defendant.
He had lost his solicitude for Walters
and had evidently in mind the welfare
of McKenzie only. But his chameleon
act resulted disastrously. It worked
no injury to Walters and only i^erved
the jury to finding the witness to be
an accessory to the murder.
In his testimony to-day McKenzie
contradicted or utterly failed to re
member nearly every fact in favor of
Walters to which he had previously
testified.
Walters is thus left •without a single
human witness to bear out his story
of self-defense.
In the early part of the examination
of McKenzle District Attorney Bell
showed that in his original statement
McKenzie had said that he first met
Doorman or Cook in the office of the
stable on the day Cook arrived in Napa,
and that afterward witness had testi
fied that he first met Cook at the depot.
IdcKensie attributed this inconsistency
to a bad memory. Some more of Mc-
Kenzie's contradictions or faults of
memory were that once he stated he
met Cook in the office of the stable and
afterward that he met him in front of
the stable door; that he had never
heard the name of Doorman until the
day Doorman arrived here, and that he
afterward testified he had heard it from
Mrs. Walters as the name of her al
leged cousin, for whom she sought em
ployment. He also failed to recall
whether or not he had told District At
torney Bell and others that words had
passed between Walters aud Cook pre
vious to the shooting, and failed to re
member where Walters was standing
when the shooting began.
McKenzie was also forced to admit
that from the position he occupied he
could not tell as a fact about how the
shooting actually began or anything
about it, as he ran with all of his speed
out of the stable as soon as he heard
the report of the first shot. Then came
the fresh sensation. McKenzie testified
that during the first part of December
he went to San Francisco with Walters
by appointment on their man hunt. The
purpose of their visit to this city was
to locate Cook and to verify Walters'
suspicion that Mrs. Walters was meet
ing Cook in San Francisco. Walters
claimed to have received an anonymous
letter threatening his life and it was
their purpose to discover the author of
that letter. Walters' suspicions rested
upon Cook and it was his intention to
proceed against Cook for this and also
for being intimate with Mrs. Walters,
if these matters could be laid against
him. McKenzie claimed that he went
with Walters to introduce him to an
officer in the San Francisco Police De
partment, but admitted that this intro
duction was never made. He also
stated that the photograph of Cook was
obtained from the St. Helena photo
grapher to aid the San Francisco police
in rinding Cook, but was forced to tes
tify that the photograph was not sent
to San Francisco, so far as he knew.
He was unable to remember the name
of the officer to whom he intended to
introduce Walters.
"What was Walters going to do when
he located Cook?" asked District At
torney Bell.
"I don't know what he was going to
do," replied McKenzie.
"Had you any idea what he was eo
iiiK to do?"
"He simply wanted to see if there was
anything between Cook and Mrs. Wal
ters. He said to me that there might
be a job to put him (Jesse Walters)
out of the way."
"Whom did he suspect?"
"Cook."
"Whom else?"
"He aid not say anybody else."
After much evasion by the witness
he was induced to testify that he went
to the postofflce in this city, and usinn
his official authority, sought to- ascer
tain if letters were received here ad
dressed to Mrs. Field, and from where
they came. He learned that letters
came to Mrs. Field, but fai'ed to find
out where they were mailed. He did
this at the request <>f Walters, who
suspected that Mrs. Walters, under the
name of Mrs. Field, was receiving let
ters from Cook. He failed t" establish
the fact that such letters had been de
livered to Mrs. Walters. The trip of
witness and Walters was made to San
Francisco before Mrs. Walters had
asked for employment for her alleged
cousin.
Witness declared that he never sus
pected that Doorman might be Cook,
and denied that Walters had ever in
formed him that Cook had been lo
cated. •
There was more sparring and eva
sion by the ex-Sheriff, and then came a
.■:■>• of how he and Walters had gone
to San Francisco at one time and visit
ed a Mrs. Ray, who lived in the .400
block on , Van Ness ' avenue, rid who' is
a" niece of Walters.' They went to
learn if Mrs. Walters, when in San
Francisco, stopped at Mrs. Ray's
house. They found that she did. He
could not remember whether or not
•Mrs. Ray was asked to watch Mrs.
Walters, and did not know whether or
not Walters discussed with Mrs. Ray
the suspected relations between Cook
and Mrs. Walters.
■ Witness was handed a photograph of
Cook, a print from the same nega
tive from which the photograph was
printed that McKenzie obtained from
St. Helena from Walters, and admitted
it bore considerable resemblance to
Doorman, and that it would aid him in
identifying Doorman. He never saw
a pistol In the possession of Doorman,
either on his person or in his room in
the stable. ;
When asked in conclusion if he had
any statement to make, he said:
"I have only got to say that I am in
nocent in the matter and am willing to
answer any question and will hold
nothing back."
Then, . turning to the jury, he re
marked, "Have any of the jurymen
any questions to ask of me?"
• None had, and his grieving was over.
Other witnesses testified to matters
connected with the tragedy, the arrest
of Walters, etc., which have been pub
lished, and when all the witnesses were
examined the District Attorney read to
the jury section 31 of the Penal Code,
which provides who are principals in
the commission of crimes.
The case went to the jury at 2:50
p. m., and at 4:45 they announced that
they were ready to render their ver
dict. Few of the spectators had de
parted, and the decisions of the nine
jurors were received with apparent un
animous approval.
Half an hour later McX nzie was
taken to the county jail in the custody
of Sheriff Dunlap. Under Sheriff Daly
and Constable Secord. He' was allowed
to select his cell and chose one imme
diately back of and adjoining that of
Walters. In the' jail, while waiting for
his cell to be . prepared for him, he
said:
"What I did in that case I did as a
matter of law. These proceedings have
all been one-sided, and only one side of
the matter has been told. I tried to
keep nothing back. The verdict was, in
large part, due to the enmity of Dis
trict Attorney Bell, with whom I have
not' been on good terms for some time.
During the latter part of my term of
office I spoke to him only when com
pelled to do so, by business."
McKenzie will be defended by At
torneys C. J. Beerstecher and H. M.
Barstow. Mrs. Walters visited her
husband in the jail this morning and
brought him a pair of crutches and a
change of underwear. He is suffering
continuous pain from the wound in his
knee, but is progressing toward re
covery. The bullet has been located
by means of the X ray, but it is im
practicable to extract it at this time.
The complaint charging McKenzie
with murder was sworn to by Frank
Weston, who was the complainant
against Walters.
Mrs. Bay Refuses to Talk.
Mrs. Ray. who lives in a flat at 405
Ness avenue, refused to make any
statement. She virtually admitted that
she knew Walters. Mrs. Walters and
ilso Cook, but would not venture into
the slightest detail relative to the vis
its of either t<> her house or to the city,
aboring evidently under the belief that
under the circumstances silence was a
policy not to be despised, and also was
a plan of action appealing strongest to
her sense of discretion.
• An Earthquake Shock .
NAPA, Jan. 13.— An earthquake shock
was felt here at 1:20 p. m. No damage
was done.
SITISUN. Jan. 13.— An earthquake w.ia
felt here about l; 20 this afternoon. Tho
Bbock was a severe one and generally
Celt.
Charged With Embezzlement.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 13.— M. M. Grover
was arrested to-day on an indictment in
Marln County, where he is charged with
embezzlement. Grover is a carpenter and
haS employment at Boulder Creek when
arrested.
SAGEBRUSH FIGHT
FOR SENATORSHIP
Newlands and Stewart
Both Hopeful.
EACH GETS BREATHING SPELL
CLEVELAND'S SICKNESS PUTS
HIM OUT OF THE RACE.
Stewart's Newspaper Organ Charges
Newlands With Being a Traitor
to the Party and to the
Silver Cause.
Suecial Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 13.— After the
preliminary skirmish in the Central
Committee yesterday both sides in the
Senatorial fight are restine on their
oars awaiting the result of the post
poned meeting next Thursday. The
action of the Central Committee in
refusing to depose Sharon as chair
man gave the Stewart men a temporary
setback, but they claim that the
breathing spell gained by the Newlands
men will postpone the time of execu
tion, and they argue that the deposing
of the chairman by votes instructed
from all over the State will make the
defeat more crushing.
The Newlands side claims that when
the committee meets it will sustain
Chairman Sharon. The Appeal this
morning contained a communication
from C. N. Sain giving Newlands notice
of a resolution he will introduce at the
next meeting of the committee. It de
nounces Newlands as a traitor to the
party and the cause of silver and scores
him in unmeasured terms. The Newlands
men are at a disadvantage with the
war made in the Central Committee
and also in the Legislature. The Stew
art men so far are on the aggressive
and claim that they had the votes to
have carried any point they wanted to
make and on Thursday next will make
Sharon's expulsion almost unanimous.
A. C. Cleveland is still sick at the
Arlington, with no improvement in his
condition. It is generally understood
that his sickness puts him out of the
fight and that his votes will go to New
lands on the second ballot. Most of the
members were on the ground to-day,
and the hotels are rapidly filling up.
The Appeal, Stewart's organ, has been
enlarged and is daily publishing car
toons on Newlands.
The Newlands' organs are charging
that Colonel Chirm is sailing under
false colors in the fight and is not the
agent of the Democratic National Com
mittee, i
Colonel Chirm in an interview this
evening, says: "I never claimed to
have been sent here by the National
Committee, as the committee has not
met for months. I came here at the
suggestion of leading silver men, and
it is not costing Stewart a dollar to
have me here fighting in the interest
of free silver. If you want to learn
anything about me write to Blackburn,
NELSON DINGLEY,
HOUSE LEADER, DIES
FROM PNEUMONIA
THE LATE NELSON DINGLEY JR.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Hon. Nelson Dingley of Maine, leader of the
Republican side on the floor of the House of Representatives, died here to
night at half-past 10 o'clock of heart failure, resulting from weakness due
to pneumonia. He was unconscious during most of the day, and death came
quietly without consciousness being regained. All the ■ members of his
family were at his bedside.
The funeral will be conducted in the House of Representatives on Mon
day next. The body will be taken to the House at 10 o'clock, and there lie
In state until noon, when services will be conducted in the presence of the
House and the Senate. At 4:20 in tho afternoon the funeral party will
leave for Lewiston, Maine, arriving there at 2 o'clock Tuesday afternoon.
Further services will be held at the family residence in Lewiston on Wed
nesday afternoon. The interment will be in that city.
"Nelson Dingley was born at Durham, Androscoggin County, Me., February
15 IS3 - ' He was graduated at Dartmouth College in the class of ISS.V. studied law
and was admitted to the bar, but left the profession to become proprietor a
tor 11 f the Lewiston (Maine) Journal in 1856, and maintained that connection. He
was a member of the State House of Representatives in IS€2, 1863, 1864, 1865. ISfIS
and 1873- ho was Speaker of the State House of Representatives in 1863 and 1864;
was Governor of Maine in 1874-75; received the degree of LL.D. from Bates I
in 1574 and from Dartmouth in 1894. He was a delegate to the National Republican
Convention in 187R; was elected to the Forty-seventh Congress as a Republican
at a special election on September VI, 1881, to till tl >' caused- by tfca
election of Hon. William P. Frye to \h<?. United States Senate; was re-elected a
Representative at Large to the Forty-eighth Congress; was elected to the .Tor
ty-ninth. Fiftieth. Fifty-first. Fifty-second, Fifty-third find Fifty-fourth Con
gresses and re-elected to the Fifty-fifth Congress. He was the leader tor his
party on the floor and the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, wliich
drafted the present tariff law.
BERRY OF KENTUCKY
DROPS INTO POETRY
So One More Genius Appears to
Embellish the Pages of the
Congressional Record.
WASHNGTON, Jan. 13.— The House to-day entered upon the con
sideration of the naval personnel bill. It developed much less opppsi
sition than "\vas anticipated and the indications are that it will have a
large majority when it is placed upon its passage to-morrow. The -last
vestige of opposition to the measure from the line officers of the uavy
was removed to-day when an amendment was adopted designed to pro
hibit staff officers, upon whom the bill confers positive rank, from exer
cising command save in their own corps. The committee also as
serted their purpose to offer an amendment to-morrow to repeal the
law giving prize money to the navy, and this announcement met with
warm 'approval. The speeches on the bill to-day wrre filled with
glowing allusions to the glories of our naval victories in the late war and
Mr. Berry of Kentucky created a great deal of enthusiasm by his
eulogy of Schley as the hero of Santiago.
"There was some conflict," Mr. Kerry BaW, "among the officers in
the navy in the greatest battle in the war, the greatest battle of modern"
times, because it demonstrated the characti-r of the men and vessels
that were engaged in it, and there is no doubt in the mind of the Amer
ican people who is entitled to the credit of that victory. But there are
people who are trying to steal away from Schley the credit of the
glorious triumph he won on the 3d of July, 1898."
Then Mr. Berry read the following poem amid a whirlwind of
laughter and applause:
When the Spanish fleet with full headway
Dashed out of Santiago Bay,
Taking the chances of death and wreck,
Who stood on the Yankee quarterdeck
And marked the game with eagle eye?
Say; was it Sampson or was it Schley P
Who waf it when shot and screaming shell
Turned Sabbath calm into echoing hell,
Steamed ii-to the thickest of the fray,
His good ship leading all the way,
While the roar of his guns shook earth and sky-
Say; was it Sampson or was it Schley?
In American hearts who holds first place,
Of those who claim part in that glorious cha P
Whose name stood out on that proud day,
As the hero of Santiago Bay?
In letters of gold, write that name on high-
Shall we write it Sampson, or write it Schley?
Mr Berry then, dropping into prose, said it should be written Schley,
according to his views, and the committee rose without completing con
sideration of the bill.
Daniels or McMillan, and you will find
out all about me and my political re
cord." .
TRICHINA SPIRALIS
INFESTED THE PIG
TOMALES, Jan. 13.— Last November F.
Contl a prominent Swiss dairyman of
this township, killed a pig for family use.
ll is household comprised his wife, his
nephew, named Grandi, and a hired man
named Anzini, all young person*. -
days after partaking of the meat Conti
felt sick, complaining of fever, with ex
traordinary stiffness and pains in his
muscles. He also became very, weak.- He
died last Wednesday. , Of the other adults,
all show the same symptoms and are in
a dangerous condition, Anzini notably so.
In fact, his case is.. considered hopeless.
The two infants are unaffected! ' A con
sultation of physicians has pronounced
the malady as trichinosis, due- to the
dreaded trichina spiralis infesting . the
pork. . •• . .
Collapse of a School House.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— During tho
gale on Wednesday morning about a score
of pupils went to the Arcade schoolhouse
on Rancho del Paso and waited in • the
building until the usual hour for opening,
but as the teacher, Miss Nellie Mackey,
did not show up the children started for
their homes. Five minutes after they
had left the. building it collapsed, falling
flat to the ground. Had the teacher gone
to "the Vchoolhouse that morning-school
would have been in progress when the
structure was wrecked and : all would
probably have been killed. It was an old
and weak building and-, at the' last elec
tion the money for. a new on.c was voted.
WHY
DO YOU FEEL THAT IT IS IMPOSSIBLE
for you to get back that vigor of which you
were once so proud? Is it b<- *ause you have
been fooled often and oft<. i -now isn't it?
Think!
NOT
A single inch of you feels as well as it ought
to at this moment, and yet if you would but be
wise, instead of trying to see how very fool-
ish you can be, things would be very different.
TRY
What memory you have; what vim is there;
how much sleep do you get; those tell-tale
spots before the eyes; and that eternal fear of
an asylum or a grave. Do you persuade your-
self that you are well? ' ■' ,
THE
Man who won't try to get well ought to be let
alone perhaps, but the grand doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute have patience with
all people. Go there, ask what has been done
for others by
GREAT
HUDYAN
Circulars and testimonials as free
as air to you, and if your blood is out
of order ask or write for "30-day
Blood-cure truth."
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Get Hudson Doctors' Advice Free.
People Will Talk
They will talk about YOU, and you can't pre.
■ vent them, if you look pale and sickly and com-
plain of sleeplessness, loss of memory and weak-
ness. Their remarks will not be always good-
natured, either. ; The world is very cruel. Why
not stop Its tongue by taking a treatment of
THE FAMOUS '
PERFEGTO TABLETS
—the handy pocket Tablet* that you : can carry
with you everywhere. PKKFECTO TAB-
L.KT> nourish the nerves; they repair shattered
health; they revive memory, they insure sound
sleep; they give relief to the waste and drain
of vital powers, incurred by excesses or indis-
cretions of earl/ years; they restore ambition;
they Imptrt vigor and potency to every func-
• ■ tion and brace up the system in men and women
. . young: and old; they give bloom to the cheeks'
. and lustre to the eyes; they make you healthy
and happy. They " . - ' - -. •
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
i One oO Cents 6 Boxes at »2.30, a.
' f?,? x , R f newß - Guaranteed Cure o*
> ital Energy. Money Refunded.
: ._ „ Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. T. and Oakland."
Q v *»" DR. JORDAN'S »»««
rijpgl Museum of Anatomy
I f?fre\ 1051 Uimi ST. let. Stl 4 7th, S . F, CkL
8 «k^*S Th« Lirgeuotils kiod In th« World.
liHl\ DR - JORDAN— Private Disease*.
|AT *j/ 1L ■ ' * Consultation free.' ITrlWfor Bo«k -' g i
! ■X I ? Philosophy of Marriage.
. *" mailed Fiiee.NEW LINKS IN THE
EVIDENCE AGAINST
WILSON'S SLAYER
Rancher McEwen in Mortal Fear of Mrs.
Dickinson and This Deters Him From
Telling All He Knows.
SUISUK, Jan. 13.— The network of
evidence is slowly tightening its
:J .meshes around the three prisoners in
■ the Fairfield County Jail, charged with
' the murder of old Dan Wilson.
'/. The officers employed on the case are
...;• gradually strengthening the links of
...the chain which, they believe, will
send W. J. Miller to the gallows and
his. mother and sister to the peniten
••".'•tiary.
H. E. McEwen, the old rancher, with
whom Mrs. Dickinson lived, was put
: . : under severe cross-examination by
Di&trict Attorney Devlin this after
noon, and made a statement under
bath which, while it did not amount to
; : a confession of actual knowledge of the
foul conspiracy that sent "Squeedy"
.■..'•Wilson to eternity, served to convince
the county prosecutor that he knows a
great deal more than he is willing to
'tell. The District Attorney worked
upon the old rancher's fears until the
latter was trembling with apprehen
.. Bion. •
: He admitted that he was mortally
afraid of Mrs. Dickinson, who has been
. his mistress for ten or more years, and
It was evident that it was fear of her
; . vengeance that kept him from divulg
.'■'.. Ing everything he knew. When the old
•' ; . man finally left the Courthouse he was
. phiy.ering with apprehension. The Dis
trict Attorney is confident McEwen
. • will be unable to long sustain the
• . strain, and that the fear of being ar
• . rested as an aceompliif of the trio will
cause him to break down within a few
. days and confess. District Attorney
Devlin feels greatly encouraged as a
result of his seance with the rancher,
although he acknowledged the lat
ter.had made no disclosures of a flam
» ing character as yet. Deputy Sheriff
Ponaldson. who was present, was even
• more enthusiastic.
"We've got the right people in there,"
. hr declared, referring to the three pris
■ ■ in the jail, "and McEwen will tell
' • The whole story before long. Just now
h^ is afraid they may get out and then
;he old woman. Mrs. Dickinson, would
make it hot' for him. As soon as he
- assured that they will not be out
• of jail soon he will talk all right."
McEwen sent word to the District At
torney by his brother-in-law, Harry
Morrison, this morning that he wanted
to make a statement. L'nder Sheriff
Robinson brought the old man to town
and he was taken to the office of the
Distrii t Attorney* where his statement
was tJik^n down by the official court
reporter In tlv 1 present f Mr. Devlin
! peputy Sheriff Donaldson.
<>n the way to town McEwen ay-
CONSUL WILDMAN
IS SUED BY THE
FILIPINO JUNTA
Claim That the Leaders Gave
Him a Large Sum of Money
to Hold in Trust.
Special to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899, by James
Gordon Bennett.
HOXGKOXG, Jan. 13. — Fedoro, Santico, Yito, Bilartino,
Arcadio del Rozario, Galiaeno and Apacible, members of the
Filipino Junta, claim the return of $47,000 (Mexican) deposited
with United States Consul R. Wildman in this city on June 3
last, and also costs of their suit. The writs contain no particu
lars, but the Filipinos allege that the money was handed Consul
Wildman for safe custody when arrangements were made to
co-operate with the Americans in the Philippines,
MANILA, Jan. 13.— The situation here
is undoubtedly critical, but Major Gen
eral Otis has it well in hand and there
is no such certainty of trouble as many
believe. The rebels are concentrated o-n
the outskirts of the town and their
leaders have issued strict orders that
they shall art only on the defensive.
An accident might precipitate trouble,
but the idea of a rebel attack upon
Manila is ridiculous, as the Americans
control the position.
Aguinaldo has republishf-d the second
manifesto in reply to the proclamation
<>f General Otis, which was recalled on
its first appearance, but it has proved
Ineffectual.
On Wednesday false alarms, due to
trivial incidents, occurred simultane
ously in opposite parts of the city, and
led i>! a general call «>f the United
I forces. In fifteen minutes the
entire, city was covered. The prompti
tude of the Americans, while it created
■ i the moment, effectually re
store I . nee throughout Manila
and dißpelled the excitement due to a
phasing fear on the part <<( the citizens
that mi outbreak was imminent.
It is possible that the Filipinos, after
the diplomatic cc-nferences that have
been hHu between the representatives
of General Otis and Aguinaldu, have
finally come to understand that the
.- cautious and conservative policy of the
Americans it not due to fear, and they
may accept the Inevitable with good
grace. It is evident that at present
thf-y are unablr- to appreciate the full
meaninpef th^ independence demanded,
and when they do understand its extent
t>i- American proposition will be ac
< • stable.
GERMANS HAVE NOT
AIDED INSURGENTS
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Harald. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gor
•| Jon Bennett.
BERLIN. Jan. 13.— 1 am authorized
from the highest official source to con
traflict and stamp as an outrageous
falsehood the statement published. in
several leading papers In the United
States to the effect that Germany is
peared to reconsider his determination
to talk, and was induced to answer
questions only after repeated urging.
He continually referred to his evidence
given at the Coroner's inquest and en
deavored to induce the District Attor
ney to accept that testimony as his
statement, but the latter cut him
short.
' What did you come here for?" he
demanded. "You said you wanted to
make a statement, and 1 am ready to
give you a chance."
McEwen protested that he had told
all he knew, and the District Attorney
was compelled to drag his statement
from him little by little, by a series
of adroitly put questions. McEwen
contradicted himself repeatedly. At the
Coroner's inquest he testified positive
ly that he did not hear the fatal shot
on the night of October 9. 1596. Yes
terday he admitted that he might have
heard it, and also admitted that he did
not go to bed until 8:30, instead of 7
o'clock as he testified at the inauest.
He also gave some further information
as to the movements of the two women
on the night in question.
But the most interesting and signifi
cant portion of his statement was when
lie finally admitted that he was mor
tally afraid of Mrs. Dickinson and did
not dare to talk. He said she carried
a revolver all the time when at the
ranch, and that she had threatened to
smash his head if he did not stop talk
ing about the murder. He also admit
ted that he had wanted to get rid of
the old woman for a long time, but did
not dare tell her to leave. In fact she
dominated him completely and he
feared her more than he did the deputy
sheriffs or prison cells.
Notwithstanding all this, however,
and in spite of the terrible scoring he
received at the hands of the District
Attorney, the old man stuck to his as
sertion that he had no knowledge of
any conspiracy, and while his distress
of mind was pitiable to witness he
could not be made to alter his state
ment in that regard and Devlin abrupt
ly closed the interview.
McEwen pleaded for an assurance
that he was not to be arrested, but the
District Attorney said: "I have given
you a chance to clear yourself here,
and you refuse to tell what you know.
You are lying and I know it. Now you
must take the consequences. I cannot
be responsible for anything more that
happens."
"For God's sake don't send me to
jail," wailed the terrified rancher. "I'll
die if you put me in a cell. Have
mercy on me, Frank. I would tell you
if I could, but I can't because I don't
know anything." But the District At- |
giving assistance to the Tagals in or
der to help them resist the United
States.
At the same time I have been shown
the contents of a document received
frum the German Consul at Manila in
reply to a request of the Government,
which wished to know whether there
was any truth in reports stating that
German mereants encouraged and wel
comed Aguinaldo and his followers. In
reply the representative says German
merchants have not in any way held
intercourse with the Tagals. Further
more, these merchants heartily favor
American rule, because undi*r It it is
expected business will be largely bene
fited. The Consul's investigations elic
ited the fact that three small mer
chants, who received civilities from the
Tagals when on their travels up the
country, had upon the advance of the
insurgents sent them friendly mes
sages, saying also that they hoped no
damage would be done the houses of
foreigners upon their cominsr to town.
The Consul could only imagine this
incident had been seized upon by ene
mies of Germany to make mischief.
The Government here is much annoyed
at the persistent reports (rf German in
trigues against the United States,
which I am authorized most emphatic
ally to affirm do not exist.
SPANISH MISREPRESENT
AMERICAN TROOPS
MADRID, Jan. 13.— The Government.
has received the following official dis
patch from Manila:
"The American troops here which
were ordered to Iloilo mutinied and re
fused to start. General Miller has
been ordered to abandon Hollo and re
turn to Manila. All the American
troops have been ordered to concen
trate here, the situation being of the
gravest character."
Senor Sagasta, the Premier, will con
vene the Cortes for January 25 or 30
and will immediately demand a ratifi
cation of the peace treaty. The de
bate expected will last a week.
Spain has attain reminded the Wash
ington Government of the undertaking
on the part of the United States Feace
Commissioners in regard to Spanish
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
torney was obdurate and McEwen went
home thoroughly frightened and almost
ready to collapse.
Mrs. Dickinson was later informed of
Mcßwen's visit and of his confession
of fear of her. She was angry because
the old man had not procured a lawyer
to defend her, and had made no re
quest to be allowed to visit her in jail.
She declared he lied when he said she
had threatened him for talking too
much, and laughed with great harsh
ness at the idea that he was afraid of
her.
Yet, she was uneasy and evidently
troubled lest the old man should final
ly break away from her and come out
with a confession that might material
ly assist in bringing about the convic
tion of herself and children. She tried
to appear indifferent, but she could not
control her feelings to deceive even the
most casual observer.
Another witness was located to-day,
whose evidence may prove of more than \
j ordinary importance. A photographer j
I named Eichler. at present a resident of j
; Sacramento, who was conducting a lit- j
tie photograph gallery on the main J
street of Suisun at the time of the Wil- '
son murder, says that on the fatal Fri- |
; day he saw old Dan Wilson in town ;
'and also Mrs. Wilson. The woman fol- j
lowed her ex-husband from place to J
| place and acted in a very suspicious j
i manner. She seemed to be afraid of
losing sight of him, but when the bank
closed at 4 o'clock she climbed into her !
I rig and rapidly drove homeward.
It is known that Wilson was expect
| ing to receive $700 in payment for a I
I crop of almonds on the day he was |
killed but was disappointed. Mrs. Wil
son probably had knowledge of this J
fact, and her actions indicated that she j
was watching to learn if he made a de- |
i posit in the bank. The testimony of!
! Eichler taken by itself has no great !
| value, but when taken in connection
j with other known facts in the case,
serves as an important link in the
I chain of evidence.
Mrs. Wilson denies that she was
watching her ex-husband on the fatal
Friday. She admits she was in town,
but says she had to do some market
ing and Wilson's presence in town had
nothing to do with her movements.
Daniel Wilson and Gib Bayland were
at the Sheriff's office to-day and asked
to be allowed to see the prisoners. The
former, who is the son of Mrs. Wilson
and the murdered man, is only 18 years
old and does not appear over bright,
but his brother-in-law is a sharp, in
telligent-appearing young fellow. They
were not permitted to enter the jail,
and Mrs. Bayland was also notified that
she could not see her relatives.
prisoners in the hands of the Filipinos
and has asked a prompt reply.
Senor Sagasta has caused it to be an
nounced that orders have been sent to
General Rios at Manila for the observ
ance of strict neutrality by the Span
ish troops.
The newspapers allege that the
Americans have requested the Span
iards not to withdraw the Spanish
troops from Mindanao, the southern
most island of the Philippines, before
the arrival of the Americans there, so
as to prevent an insurrection break
ing out.
According to dispatches received here
the American domination in the Phil
ippines is "limited to Manila bay." All
other points, except Mindanao, "where
the Spaniards remain, are in the hands
of the insurgents. One dispatch says:
"The American volunteers aro dis
heartened by the climate and bad food
and are anxious to return home."
VISAYAN INSURGENTS
NOT UNDEK AGUINALDO
Correspondence of the Associated- Press.
MANILA, Dec. 15.— The rebels who
hold Iloilo are soldiers of the newly
formed Vlsayan republic, and acknowl
edge no allegiance to Aguinaldo.
Neither do they have any dealings
with Aguinaldo's opponents, the Fili
pinos who talk of reuniting with the
Spaniards to combine against the
American?. It Is said that one of
Aguinaldo's principal supports is try
ing to enlist Spanish co-operatic-n
against the Americans, but this is prob
ably untrue.
The following is a literal translation
of the proclamation recently issued by
the new Visayan republic:
The organization of the revolution In a
proper form is necessary that its glorious
murch toward success may not be imped
ed, and the present committee' finds it
impossible to (ill satisfactorily the mani
fold duties of government, which increase
daily with the territory secured through
the continued success of the revolution
ists. The necessity of a new form of gov
ernment being evident a meeting of all
the members of the existing committee,
and th<^ greater part of the military anti
civil elements, was called to establish the
Local Revolutionary Government and to
select those pt-rsons who .should manage
its affairs. A secret ballot resulted in
th< el.-otion of the following citizens:
President, Rogue L<opez; Vice Presi
dent and Counselor, Vicente Franco;
Secretary of Stute, Ramon Avanceno';
Lord Chief Justice, lovitr Tusay; Chan
cellor of the Exchequer, Venancio Con
cepcion; Secretary General of Presiden
tial and Governmental Departments, Fer
nando Salas.
Each of these officers may propose a
special secretary for his department and
all have the right to name the personel
of their respective departments.
Proceeding to the organization of the
liberating army, the high military quali
ties of the following gentlemen were rec
ognized: Lieutenant General and General
In chief of Military Operations, Martin
Delgado; General of Division and
Chief of Operations in the District of Con
cepcion, Capiz and adjacent towns, Per
fecto Poblador; General Division and Mili
tary Governor of the Capital, Paslua!
Magbauna; General of Brigade and Chief
of Operations in the South Zone. Angel
Cortesa; General of Brigade and Chief of
Center Zone, Fermi n Rivas; General of
Brigade an- Chief of the North Zone
Adrlano Hernandez.
The newly constituted government and
the genr-rals of the liberating army salute
the sovereign people of Viaayaa affection
ately, and hope that soon they will be a
free nation, built up on the constitution
of the Philippine republic, living peace
fully under the shadow of the brilliant
tri-colored banner and securely under the
protection of Almighty God.
The rebel leaders have with them a
number of wild hill tribesmen whom
they cannot control.
The hill men will, it is believed, cer
tainly loot the town and commit all
kinds of excesses if they are not pre
vented. The .regular army of the in
surgents certainly cannot restrain
them; only the Americans can do it.
TRASHY SPORT
IN MUDDY GOING
AT INGLESIDE
Four Events Fell to
Favorites.
TORTONI BEAT THE JUMPERS
PAT MORRISSEY TOO FAST FOR
ZAMAR.
Pat Murphy Also, Earned a Pair of
Brackets — Ulm Beaten Out by
Jennie Reid — Lodestar
Finally Won.
There was absolutely nothing to recom
mend the racing at Ingleside yesterday.
The card had a fearfully weather-beaten
look, the rain came down incessantly and
only a handful of peoeple saw the six
events decided. Four of the purses went
to favorites.
The Corrigan entry. Winifred, went to
tne post, carrying most of the money bet
on the eight starters in the opening six
furlong run. She won at the end, with
considerable to spare from Gratify, one
of the second choices.
The unfilled event, second on the card, I
was finally twisted into a five and a half j
furlong scramble. Of the seven entries
Pat Murphy, with Nash Turner in the
saddle, was installed favorite. Hard rid
den through the stretch, the roan horse
led Zorrazo out a length. The well played
Dr. S.iarp finished in the show.
A crude lot of material wont to make !
up the starters in the mile hurdle affair.
Our Climate, having "Captain Jack" Wil
kins at the helm, had rirst call in the
betting. The captain went a very round
about way with the first choice, stopping
at all way stations to collect the mail, but
eventually arrived in time to finish third.
The winner turned up in Tortoni, an ex
tensively backed 10 to 1 shot, which beat
Joe Cotton two lengths.
Dan Honig's Zamar at first ruled fa
vorite for the six-furlong sprint next de
cided. There came a rush on Pa* Morris
sey and Honig's sprinter was compelled
to take a seat in the balcony. To a good
start, Zamar led for several panels, but
was easily outfooted the last part by the
favoritr- and beaten with ease. In a drive
Henry Shields on Wyoming took the show
from Mainstay.
The mile selling race went to Lodestar.
Stemler's gelding closed a slight favorite
in the ring over Robert Bonner and, ex
cellently ridden by Thorpe, downed the
latter horse two lengths. Potente. which
ran like a "Havana filler," was third.
The last number on the programme, a
seven furlong run. was the most open
betting affair of the clay. I'lm was the
post favorite, but had a tempestuous voy
age and at the wire lost to Jennie Reid by
a short head.
Track Notes.
It is rumored that "Kid" Weller has
found the game here, with its curves and
twists, too hard for him, and that he
seriously contemplates leaving for Hot
Springs. Ark., next week. Maxey Bly/m
--enthal may also depart for that gambling
center.
The judges were so pleased with the
effort of Wilkins on the favorite, Our
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE BACE TKACK, Friday, Jan. 13, 1899.— Thirtieth day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track sloppy.
ter.
SI A FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400/
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
«m.
?4m.
Str.
Fin.
391 Winifred. 3 102 5 ... Ihi IVi I>i 11 H. Martin.... 4-r,
46S Gratify. 6 119 3 ... 51 4 4V> 3li 2n N. Turner.. ..| 4
175 Hannah Reid, 3.... 99 2 ... 4 2 3'i 2 4 3h McNichots .. 6
40!t FolicitP. 3 99 6 ... 2h S2 4 2 4 4 f. P0we11.... [ 5-2
369 Beaumonde. 4 112 7 ... 12 2 2 S f> 2'i [Plggott I 6
4SB Silverado, a US 1 ... 7 2 7 3 6 6 2 Hennery .... 60
4T'i Santa Lucia, 5 110 8 ... 64 62 7 74 Hoaurhnmp
... Carrie U. 6 1)7 4 ... 8 J 8 8 ;<;. Wilson... ir,
Time— >4. :25Vj: '». -Wv: 'i. 1:19. Winner. E. Corrigan's b. f by Riley-Connie B. (
start. Won handily. Second and third (iriving.
The pins were set up in the alley and Winifred knoc ked them down. Hannah Reid
extensively touted. Either Powell or Fellcit" did not fancy the footing.
Scratched— Alvero 112. Don Fulano 115. Cherrystone 115, Henry C 110. Ramiro 122.
5
3
2
6
7
1 ,
8
4
3 «
5 y,
4 2
2 h
1 2
: '72
6 4
8
1 %
4 4
3 4
5 2
2 2
7 3
6 2
8
1 '4
3 11
2 >
4 2
B
6
7
S
1 1 U. Martin.... 4-5
2 n N. Turner | 4
3 h McN'tchols ... 6
4 4 I. Powell [ 5-2
525 [Piggott ...... 1 r. ;
6 2 Hennossy .... [ 60
7 4 Beauchamp .. j 25
8 G. Wi150n.. . . 1 ■15
511 SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward
I■• purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
lim.
J-im.
*4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
iHett
iOp.
506 Pat Murphy, a 11l I 2
CO9 Ztarrazo. S 112! 3
498 Dr. Sharp. 4 112 6
498 Rlcardo. a 109' 5
474 Formella. 4 107, 1
43S Amelia Fonso, 6.... 107, 7
474 Aluminum, 4 109! 4
1 h
2 V»
r> 1
8 «,4
3 1
7
4 2
2 »t,
1 1
3 Vi
a 4
4 2
7
6 2
3 2
1 Vi
2 Vi
4 H,
o 4
6 Vi
1 1
2 h
3 2
4 4
5 6
6 1
N\ Turner 5-2 11-
H. Martin.... 3
I'.f.-iuchnmp .. 4 7-
[W.H. Martin 6
I Powell 12 ;
McNlcnols ... 6
iPlggott I 4 !
Time— l-16. M<\: r.-lfi, :3\\ 2 : 7-16. :44'4; s'Jf. 1:10. Winner. 11. L. Jones & Co.'s m g
imp Kyrle Daly-Maggie R. Good start. Won first three driving.
Murphy had no rooms to let at the finish. /.Urrazo apparently likes weight off Rica
has lost his speed. (Other papers please copy.) McNirhols. on Amelia Fonso, should
a hospital nurse. His every movement betokens a tender heart.
512.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling: three-yenr-olds and upwnrd; over four hurdles-
purse, $400.
r. Horse. Age. Weight.
Urn.
%m.
Km-
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
400 Tortonl. a 144! 1
4SS Joe Cotton, a 144 4
447 Our Climate, 6 144! 6
4&S Major S. 6 :...124 3
... Col Bartlett. 4 126 7
4!»2 Smyle. 4 12} 5
4ss San Carlos. 4 126 2
-,04 . Our Johnny. _>i;^i^.l°j'j_°__
6 3
1 1
7
s>i
3 %
4 1
2 2 -.
« '
3 M
1 1
'6 4 •'""■■'
4 1
2 '3
2 Vi
1 1
5 in
'4 Vi
3 Mi
7
6 4
1 1
2 1
3 2
5 14
4 IV4
6 Vi
1 2
2 1
S 1,
4 2
5 40
6 n
7
Shepard 8
Ambrose "',
Wilkins 7-5
Rouillier 3
Tanner 3
I^enhart | 25
Cummings ... 12
Ellison I 6
•Fell
Time— l:sB. Winner. Smith * Tarn's eh. g. by Ecuador-Eva S 11. Good start
easllv Second and third driving.
Tortoni was not overlooked in the betting. Wilkins earned a vacation from the
for his heroic efforts to land the favorite third. Majur S died like a soldier. Col. Ha
will BOOH receive orders to go to the front.
Scratched*-! 1 P M 3. Viking 148.
w<
stai
artle
a O . FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-yeax-olds and upward; purse, $100.
: : ' : '• i *'i ;■„....-■
index Horse. Age. Weight.
lex Horse. Age. Weight. [St. V^m. fen. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. iOu"'?'
• Vim.
%m.
Str.
601 Pat Morrissey, 5 — 101 l 1
601 Himar 11, G 1« |
506 Wyoming, 6 U0! E
r.07 Mainstay, a HOj *
464 Durward, 5 Wt, 2
.3 h
1 Vi
4 4
22
5
3 h
1 2
4 H
2 h
5
1 h
2 2
4 10
3 h
5
32 )
24
3 h j
4 20 !
5
W. H. MartHil 2 (
.11. Martln....j 7-5 1
!H. Shields....! 6
ITurner 3 jj
IThorpe ] 20
Ttoe-H, :26: Vi. :49%: J4. 1:16. Winner FMeMahon's b. g. by Lord Cllfton-Tennle B
Good start Won easily. Second and third driving. " le JJ -
Pat Morrissey was common rofslp with the villagers. The oil in Zferr.ar was too low
Mainstay "dopped" it-
Scratched— Una Colorado 107.
+ A FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
[ndex. Home. Age. Weight.
%m.
Vim.'
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
495 Lodestar, 5 .........109 3 4 2 4 1 2 2 11 12
4GO Robert Bonner. 5..111 6 7 5H 5 '-i 3% 2 1H
(262) Potente. 4 104 1 4 ,3 1 2ii 11 2 1 3V*
4"1 Lady Hui-st, 5 107: 7 6h 7 7 5 2 4h
*06 roda 6 1"7 5 5 2 6 1 6 1 41, 515
TM Z^rro 6 .....109 2 1* in •. 3h 7 0 2
337 Dick qehaji. a 112' 1 2V. -32 4 H 6 4 __T_ -
"~ Time— '.4. :2r.>/i; ',5. 51%: «i. 1:19; mile. 1:45%. . Winner. A. J. St
imp Midlothian-Starlight. Good start. Won first three driving.
' Lodestar was out In full dress and patent leathers. Robert B
knocked out of it by Potente Just after the start. Some one presen
bouquet of roses. Both rider and mare were overcome with emotion,
time. - ■ '_
a v.ye .......
[Turner ....
11. Martin....
1.1. W00d5....
Oray
jMacklln
IPIfP-Ott
5-2 16-5
7-2 IS-5
3 r>
3 1.-2
15 20
15 6(1
8 6
;mler & Co.'s eh. g. by
inner was bumped and
ted bady Hurst with a
Site will do better noxt
K|E SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jßt. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op* Cl!
4% Jennie Reid. 3 99! 7 4 1 4 2 2 2 11 lh Loullier j 3 <|
496 Ulm. 3 78 2 8 4 61 6>, 32 22 J. RelfT I 3 13-°
4% None Such, 4 96 4 13 13 lh 2 1 3 2 W. H. Martini 10 II
r»O9 Klldad. 4 10.> 9 9 9 8 2 6 1 4h Fallehy ! 6 11-2
497 Whaleback. 3 S6| 8 B« 514 6 2 s>* 5 v McXichols ...I B 8
504 Ockturuck. 4 104.5 32 3ti 31 42 fi6 iPowt-11 | 7 y>
496 Frank Jaubert. (..11911 7 4 S8 71 72 74 [J. Shields ' 3 g
4*>7 Pan Augustine, 3... 90 3 2 \' t 2 2 4h S SlO jOoiden ; 12 so
476 Glengaber, 3 S8 6 6Vi 7 2 9 9 9 ;Houck 15 to
... Mercutlo, 5 122 * „. ... ... IMacklin I 5 15
[ndex. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
•Left.
Time— M. :26'i; %. l:02Vi; T4. l:32Vi- Winner, R. Hughes' b. f. by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta.
Good start except Mercutio. Won first three driving.
rim should have won. He was bumped at the start. Elidad was again asked to shoul-
<W Fallehy Whaleback was caught in the meehes. His owner tried. Too much coin was
bet on Frank Jaubert. San Augustine was heavily ulaved.
Scratched— Petrarch 117.
Climate, in the hurdle arrangement, that
"Captain Jack" was indefinitely sus~
pended.
Loullier. the recent find of Mat Storn,
appears to be quite a promising youth.
For a green 'un he rode a very nice race
astride Jennie Reid.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Seven furlongs; selling:
(504)Merops 104 r.os Rosebeau 99
479 Guilder 11l 500 Casdale 104
509 Doremus !»4 480 Prince Tyrant. .ll4
Second Race— One and a quarter miles; over
five hurdle?:
(416) Granger 150 493 De I^os Reyes. .l2s
416 Viking 150 512 Joe Cotton 125
(512)Tortoni 1« t49B)Ferrter 147
406 Rossmore 130
Third Race— One mile; San Rafael stakes;
$1000:
(506) Jne Vllman 1031 456 Topmast 10S
Of. (Hugh Penny. ...liS l 222 Satsuma 108
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
COS Don't Tell M! 457 Tirade 103
500 Ballista u,S(<S7)C«rsin» ......... 10S
... Sombre 103! SOS Judge Wofford..lOO
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; selling:
499 Henry C 103 BOtAA Spreckels 109
460 Tom 'Cromwell. .ll2 499 Goethe 106
510 Gratify 109 470 Simmons 109
470 Scintillate 104
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs: selling:
514 Robert Bonner..m4 506. Castake 101
507 Captive 107 366 Heigh Ho 99
4HB Petrarch I<H 506 Darechota 9J
(507)Imperlous 101 1
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Casdale, Rosebeau, Prince
Tyrant.
Second Race— Ferrier. Granger, Viking.
Third Race— Joe Vllman, Hugh Penny, Sat
suma.
Fourth Race— Corsine. Sombre, Tirade.
Fifth Race— Adolph Bpreckels, Simmons. Tom
Cromwell.
Sixth Race— lmperious, Robert Bonner, Heigh
Ho.
Racing at New Orleans.
MAY ORLEANS, Jan. 13.— Weather show-
pry; track muddy. Results:
Selling seven furlongs— Mizpah won. <;i<*n
moyne second, The Drupoon third. Tlm<\ I:3OVj.
Seven furlongs— Myosotis won. Kalarma sec
ond. Brißht Night third. Time. 1:324
Stlline .mo mile an. l twenty yards—Wilson
won. Colonel Frank Waters second, Henrica
third. Time, 1:47.
Handicap, six furlomrs--Klepper won. Belle
of Memphis second, Lady Callahan third.
One mile and twenty yarde. selling— Bonadea
won Albert S second, Hampden third. Time,
1:47',. ,
JOCKEYS MADE HAPPY.
Earl Cochran Reinstated After Two
Years' Punishment.
The stewards of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Bullman his punishment was re
pose of "considering the applications of
suspended persons." In the case of
J ockey Bullman his punishment was re
duced so that he can ride to-day. After
investigating the case of Jockey Spencer,
who was suspended thirty days for al
lowing Horatio to swerve, it was found
that the horse was in fault and the young
man was reinstated. Eddie Jones, who
was retired on December 24. IS9S, for his
peculiar management of Highland Ball,
had his application denied.
One jockey, in the person of Karl Coch
ran, was made extremely happy. Coch
ran was suspended hi November, 1596, for
doing some fancy work with Little Crip
ple, and has been out In the cold ever
since. The stewards concluded he had
been sufficiently punished and reinstated
him. The applications of Jockeys Good
man, Stanford and J. J. Cassidy for re
instatement were denied.
Alcazar Closes Sunday.
Owing to the death of Mrs. Reyna Be
lasoo, mother of Fred I'elaseo, lessee of
the Alcazar, there will be no performance
at that theater to-morrow evening. The
house will open Monday evening with "A
Temperance Town."
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the Red Cross in Cuba in next
Sunday's Call.
THEY WILL SAIL ON
SAN ANTONIO ESTUARY
FIRST BEGATTA OF 1899 TO TAKE
PLACE TO-MOBROW.
Craft of "Every Kind Will Dot With
White Wings the Watars of
Oakland Creek.
To-morrow the first sailing race of the
season of 1899 will take place. The Oak
land navy, which during 189S showed no
signs of life, has been revived, and races
will be held monthly during the coming
year. Craft of any length, beam, rig or
design may enter the races, and the
first boat across the finishing line will be
declared winner. The Oakland navy is
managed by the following live committee
men:- H. G. Hinckley, vice-commodore of
the Oakland Canoe Club; Charles Stewart,
secretary of the same club; Jules Hart
man, Charles L. Taylor Jr. and L. S.
Sherman. Charles L. Taylor is secretary
and treasurer of the Oakland navy. The
entries will be divided into two classes—
the red and the white. In the red class
will be Included all craft of 18 feet or
under, mean length, and In the white
class will be included all craft of a great
er mean length than 18 feet. Mean length
is one-half the sum of length over all
and on the water-line. In each class there
will be sub-classes of cruising and racing
craft. The starting time set for to-mor
row's races is 1:30 p. m.
The races will take place in San An
tonio estuary, the course being from Ses
sion's Basin to Hartmans buoy, thence to
the Cotton Mill buoy, and thence to start
ing line. The boats will sail round the
course three times— a distance estimated
at seven miles. The following yachts and
canoes will probably start:
R. J. Chapman's sloop Flash. Commo
dore Philip Caduc's sloop Zephyr. H. G.
Hinekley's sloop Surprise, R. White's Ah !
Wahnee. C. Stewart and T. S. Bowen's \
sloop Beatrice, C. R. Taylor s Nereid. My- !
rick s Codia. L. S. Sherman s sloop Royal,
J. Hartman's Queen. S. A. Hackett'a
Opitsah. the sloop Major and the canoes {
of Williamson, Byxb<-e and Clyde D. Car
man.
Some yachts from the California Club,
a new half-rater of the Oak.nnd Canoe
Club and one of the Pacific Yacht Club's
half-raters will also probably be among
the entries.
The nominating committee of the Oak
land Canoe Club, consisting of T. Stewart
Bowens, — Williamson and R. R. Gray-
I son. at a meeting held last Monday, nom
j mated Philip Caduc as commodore. H. G.
I Hinckley as vice-commodore, aild Charles
Stewart as secretary and treasurer. S. A.
Hackett and R. T. Chapman ns commit
tee on admission lor the coming year.
The election will *»« held at 'the annual
meeting of members on January 21. and
will doubtless result in the above-named
being chosen as the officers for 1899. Philip
Caduc. owner of the handsome center
board sloop Annie, designed and built by
R. Fish, and one of the fastest <raft in
j the bay. was at one time Commodore of
i the Pacific- Yacht Club. H. G. Hinckley
i is owner §f tne sloop Surprise, and < '.
Stewart is part owner of the sloop Beat
rice. S. A. Hackett owns the Opitsah,
and R. ,T. Chapman the Flash. All are
; the present holers of the offices to which
I they have been nominated.
SWIMMERS WHO WILL
MEET IN SUTRO BATES
Mr. Harrison, manager of Sutro Baths,
has arranged a first-class programme of
aquatic sports for to-morrow afternoon.
The entries are:
Fifty-yard dash, novice— F. Roderick, J.
Hulten, H. Anderson, G. GallndV O. Bey
fuss, S. Woodburn, H. Hiller, L. St. Clair.
■ One hundred yard dash, juvenile — G.
Freeth, W. Dawsett. C. Strohlin, E. Klpp,
A. Hay, H. Seebach, D. Harris, E. Boni
fleld.
.. Tub race, i fifty ; yards, two in tub— R.
White, H. Dougherty, R. Dodge, J. Bev
ins, B. Berry, D.Mackel.'
Obstacle race, through small tanks— J.
A. Jackson, J. Ringrose. A. Hay, H. See
bach, A. J. Hanton, F. Duran.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— H.
Hiller. J. Bensen. H. Dougherty, H. See
bach. Dan Green, E. Kipp, J. Vanderberg-,
A. Hay, J. Bevins, Fred Green.
Trapeze and high diving by Green broth
ers- and others.
The following letter speaks for itself:
SAN FRANCISCO, January 12, ISS9.
Sporting Editor Call— There Is considerable
talk amons, . the swimmers of forming a new
club at Sutro Baths to be named the Sutro
Swimming Club, open to both amateurs and
professionals. Among Us members will be
many of the champion swimmers of the bay
cities, Including Harry Baker and Ottoe. C. H.
Schulte, high divers; Rodger B. Cornell,
champion rough water swimmer of the world;
John A. Jack«.n and Frank Raymous. under
water swimmers: James Ringrose and D. Car
roll, expert 100-yard racers, and others. Frank
Duran and 11. Seebach will swim a fifty-yard
match race for the Junior championship of the
coast on February 22 at Sutro Baths, and D.
,1. Miller, the crack 100-yard racer, will meet
John A. Jackson In a 220-yard . race. Mr. Har
rison, the manager of Sutro Baths, would like
the names and adresses of all fast local
swimmers wishing to join this club. He will
arrange for a big water polo tournament to
take place this spring. Yours truly,
JOHN A. JACKSON,
2726 Pine street.
THE DUCK SHOOTERS.
Some Good Bags Reported From the
Various Preserves.
The rainstorm has scattered the wild
ducks and as a result the sportsmen of
the interior can now enjoy a pastime, of
which for two years they have seen very
liltlo. Duck dinners are said to be very
fashionable now in California, where the
sportsmen are making big records on the
duck shooting preserves.
I-]d Fay visited Biggs recently, and In
one day's shoot along the sloughs he
bagged 215 ducks, the greater number of
whifh were mallard.
George E. Bauer, Thomas Coakley. M.
Eiberger and Montez Schmidt bagged
nineteen canvasbacks in Richardson Bay
last Sunday.
A jolly party, composed of the leading
members of the Black Jack and Tamal
pa's Gun clubs, assembled at John Ber
gez's restaurant last Tuesday for the pur
pose of presenting Mr. Bergez, vice presi
dent of the Tamalpais Club, with a hand
some duck press. Otto Muser niade the
presentation speech and John Lemmer
bad the honor of handing the bone
crusher (the latest thing in town; to the.
honorable sportsman, who in a very neat
little talk thanked the club representa
tive;; for their kind remembrance. Among
those present were A. McCord. A. Lors
bach. J. Siebe, J. Sammi and J. Butler.
'At a recent meeting of sportsmen held
in the Olympic Gun Club rooms on Kear
ny street proposed legislation for the pro
tection of game was discussed. It was
decided to submit to the Legislature a
bill fixing the open seasons as follows:
Quail, December 1 to January 1; ducks,
October 15 to February lii: rail. Novem
ber 1 to December 1; snipe, October 15 to
March 1. The proposed law also forbida
the netting of wild birds and forbids duck
shooting- between ''• p. in. ;md 5 a. m. The
must important change affects quail, re
ducing the open season from five months,
as at present, to thirty days. This pro
vision is a consequence of the present
scarcity of quail, due to the failure of
the birds to mate and breed this year.
The proposed bill will be drafted and' pre
sented to the Legislature by a commit
tee consisting of M. C. Allen, J. P. Swee
ney. C. W. Hibbard, J. O. Cadman and J.
Homer Fitch.
O. Knobloeh of this city returned from
Point Keyes last Sunday with one hun
dred and four ducks, which he shot in
two days.
Homer Fritch. of cocker spaniel fame
hf.s not yewregained his voice, which he
lost a few days ago in the Petaluma
marsh, i. c., according to his story, which
says: '
"I was invited by the president of the
Petaluma Sportsman's Club to have a
days shoot on the preserve, and my
friends. Captain Seaman of the steamer
Czarina and Purser Bucklln of the United
States transport Scandla. accompanied me
to the happy •quacking" grounds. Well
we- were placed in separate 'blinds 1 by
the keeper, and my friend Seaman, who
was ensconsed in the tule about one hun
dred yards from where I was stationed
simply raised OW Nick with the sport of
the day. The birds were acting very nice
ly, but each time a flock came our way
A Double Crop of Apples.
On a Lonsr Island farm Is an apple tree
which bore two crops of fruit the past year,
and the farmers are taking unusual interest
In this peculiarity of nature. Just as much
interest has been shown In Hostotter's Stom
ach Bitters, which has the peculiarity of cur
ing dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation a.nd
blood disorders that other remedies fail to
benefit. In chronic rases It rarely fails, and it
cures whenever a cure Is possible.
Seaman would jump up from his 'blind'
and shout: 'Homer: Homer! Will I blaze
at them now? Are they near enough?'
Well. I cautioned him time and again not
to shout at me. but to fire at the ducks
when they came within range, but it was
no use; he would insist upon asking the
same question whenever a good shot pre
sented itself, and as a result I grew
hoarse shouting back at him to keep quiet
and lay low. To make matters worse, my
friend Bucklin came within an ace of
shooting my pet spaniel, and I can as
sure you I was the happiest of men when
the day's shoot was over. You can take
It for granted that the next time I go
duck shooting my friends will have their
lips hermetically sealed."
The Santa Barbara Press is certainly a
champion of game protection. In an edi
torial which appeared on January 1 it
says:
"Petitions nrp in circulation throughout
the county asking the abolition of the
office- of Game warden. It is set forth
that the county is getting no return for the
money expended and that the position is
simply created t<> give some man a job.
This is all a serious mistake. If economy
is desired, let the money be saved in other
■ways, but nol at the cost of one of the
greatest attractions of Santa Barbara
county— the game preserves. Already this
valuable element in our natural wealth
has been jeopardized by thoughtlessness
on the part of those who should have the
interest of the county more at heart; but
Santa Barbara still ranks high in the esti
mation of local and Eastern sportsmen,
and this reputation may be maintained by
showing proper appreciation of the value
of game in taking the steps necessary for
ity protection.
"We value our climate, our natural
scenery, our flowers, and these are all at
tractions for the tourist, whose presence
we welcome. A further attraction to
many of these visitors is the hunting and
fishing in the mountains and stream?.
Take this away, and within a year the
mistake will be seen and admitted.
"But. it Is argued, the same can be
protected without a Warden. "Every
body's business is nobody's business.' and
with no one detailed to the wardenshlp
game laws will be openly violated and
completely ignored. A wideawake and ef
ficient Warden will earn his salary many
tlfines over in the value of pinw saved
from the ffim of the pothunter.
"The Game Wardenshlp was created for
the protection of game, not to give some
one an office; and if the people and the
Warden will consider it in that light no
more petitions will be circulated for its
abolition."
The Supervisors of Sonoma County
passed an ordinance at their last meeting
prohibiting the shipment of game out of
the county. The open season for quail
shooting will In future be from Novem
ber 1 to February 15, and the derr shoot
ing reason will be from July 15 to Octo
ber 1.
GOOD COURSING PROMISED.
If Weather Permits There Will Be
Sport at Ingleside.
Unless the rain comt-s down to-day in
torrents there certainly will be an im
mense crowd at Ingleside Coursing Park,
as the card is most attractive.
In fact, the Ingleside management has
very wisely turned over the "no|-ta-it**
dogs to other parks which are struggling
as best they can to keep above water. It
is to be hoped, however, that the new
park will continue to exist, as there Is
assuredly room for two parks, provided,
of course, that they are properly man
aged.
The new park had a very successful
run of several months, and doubtless it
would be still enjoying prosperity had it
not been for the introduction of the
"shooting squirt." which, according to
some very learned authorities on dogs,
hares and other things, acted as a great
stimulant on animal? that had seen better
days.
For a time the effects were astonishing,
but eventually the marked canines ran in
such an uncertain way that the gambling
fraternity refused to wager a cent when
ever "a 'shot dog" was booked to enter
the slips. "
A few attempts have been made to in
troduce the "elixir of life gun" into Ingle
side Park, but the gunners, having been
discovered, were ruled off the grounds for
all time.
Last Saturday and Sunday the patror.3
of Ingleside witnessed some grand sport.
Some of the oldest leashmen of the State
openly stated that they had never seen
such great coursing, and 30 far as the
hares were concerned, they proved them
selves entirely too much for their oppo
nents. Three time? during the day the
contesting dogs had to be assisted by
fresh hounds to kill their game. Such
coursing is certainly well worth going
many miles to see. and as the hares to
day 'will certainly throw grass in the
faces of their pursuers, it can be safely
said that if the weather is at all favor
able Ingleaide Park will hold the gather
ins of the season.
Hunting for Sunken Spanish
Treasure Ships, a new American in
dustry, in next Sunday's Call.
ON THE LINKS.
Prospects of a Ladies' Tournament
at the Presidio.
There has been a lull in the local links
since the new year, and the weather re
cently has been such as to render it prac
tically impossible to golf. But this morn
ing, at 10 o'clock, the ladles of the San
Franeiscd Golf Club are scheduled to play
in the regular monthly competition at
eighteen holes, with handicap, for the
AVinslow medal, which was won in De
cember by Miss M. B. Houghton with a
gross score of 145 and a net score of 139.
The ladles, however, do not slick closely
to the programme, but go out to the
links on any morning that they find,
after consultation, to be convenient.
The final round between J. \V. Byrne
i>nd H Babcock for the championship at
match play of the San Francisco Golf
Club has not yet been played, and as Mr.
Byrne expects soon to leave San Fran
cisco for the purpose of travel, it is not
easy to say when it will take place. Mean
while the championship at match play is
in commission, as it were. Next Satur
day there will be Men's Foursomes at
eighteen holes, with handicap, on the Pre
sidio links.
AD VERTISEMEN TS.
What Sort of
Man Are You?
Does the man live who does not like
to be respected for his manly character?
I believe not. It is part of our nature
—and a good part— to admire strength.
Nothing is grander than a grand speci-
men of physical and mental -manhood.
Therefore, aim to be a man in all re-
spects. You can be a better man than
you are. There is an element which de-
velops all that is good in a man. It is
Electricity.
My Dr. Sanden Electric Belt Infuses this
wonderful force gently into your nerves
and vitals while you sleep at night. It
awakens your dormant energies an.d pro-
uuces a man such as nature intended you
to be. It overcomes all your weakness,
stops all draining of vitality and restores
the natural energy.
Let me send you my oook, "Three
Classes of Men." devoted to the upbuild-
ing of physical manhood. It is worth
reading, and will givo you proof that my
system of treatment is successful after
ail others fail you. Call If you can— that
is best— or write to
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
Cop. Msr!;et Geary and Keorny Sts.,
SAN T FRAXCISCO.
Office hours— S a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10
to 1. Branches at Loa Angeles. Cal.. 204 5 , South
Broadway: Portland. Or., 253 "Washington st. :
Denver. Colo., $31 Sixteenth St.: I 'alias. Tex.,
253 Main st. ; Buuc. Mom. 110 North Main *U
56
SATURDAY JANUARY 14, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St«.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevanson Str«et
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCIRCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
eerved by carriers In this city and surroundlna towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; p«r month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 paftes .One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftft* Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 616 Larkln street, open until 9:30 oTlock
-1941 AMsslon street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open urttll 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
KentucJcv streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMU SKMEJNTsi.
Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
California— "Pudd'nhead "U'ilson."
The ilagietrate."
•Th» Yellow I>\varf."
Hi Henr>' Minstrels.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
• Tom's Cabin."
The Chutes— Gorilla Mac, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla— Corner Huon and EUIb streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Inp!<-sl<le Racetrack— Races To-day.
Itifflesldc c urging Park — Coursing to-day.
Sherman -("Jay Hall-Gerome Helmont, Violinist, Tuesday
evening. January 17.
AUCTION SALES.
By William G. Layng— This day. January 14, at 11 o'clock,
s. Buggies, etc.. at 721 Howard street.
liy A. W. Louderback— Monday. January 15, at 10:30 a. m.
anil 2:30 p. m., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
Madison & Burke— Tuesday, January 17, at 12 o'clock,
at (S6 Market st.
THE BLACK LIST UNCHANGED.
THERE were no names added to the black list
yesterday, and it stands as it was made when
Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the Assembly,
cast away political and personal honor, broke his
promise and his sacred pledge, to vote for Burns.
There are twenty-six on the roll, Jilson and Wright
having chosen the disgrace of associating with the
original two dozen. These are the names:
SENATORS.
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Aiameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Woife, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
JILSON, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Aiameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Aiameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
WRIGHT, Aiameda.
Wright's attempted coup was a dismal failure, not
his owner and manager. Burns, any good, but
covering the Speaker with odium and causing his
friends pain and humiliation. It had been thought
that when Wright made this sacrifice of his reputa
tion he would carry the Assembly with him. But if
there was ever a chance of this the faltering of his
recreant lips, the trembling of his voice, the flush of
shame which overspread his face, instantly killed it.
He did not set a pattern which a sane man with a
deference to respectability, a hope of being thought
honest, could imitate. The members refused to flock
to share the opprobrium with him. They saw the ac
tion had excited no emotion but surprise and dis
gust. Now the surprise has died away, but the dis
gust remains.
The black list is too long. To scratch it would be
a pleasure. There is still opportunity for some of the
erring to redeem themselves.
her newspaper war has been opened on the
poolrooms. There are reasons for fearing that it will
rlo no good. The Call long ago made a complete
exposure of the dens, informed the police as to the
location of each, and there was the end.
There is something wrong with a political system
which gives rewards to pickpockets and other thieves.
A Police Court loses dignity when aside from the
bench itself it is made an asylum for crooks.
The difference seems to be that Brigadier General
Barber had honors thrust upon him, and that our
Colonel Smith, being a mere soldier, is left to be sat
isfied with a sense of duty well performed.
Admitting ?\lrs. Mentel to bail was a step such as
the lay spectator had not expected. There had come
into the community a sort of notion that the killing of
a husband was a serious offense.
Either there is a strong nation behind Aguinaldo,
01 the man is so close to a buzzsaw that he would be
scared white if he had sense enough to realize his
danger.
The Astor Battery did gallant service, and is on the
way home. But it did not get to Manila as soon as
the Fim California, which isn't on its way home.
As the "new" City Hal! is now so old that the roof
of it fails to change the earthward course of a drop of
rain, it is time to amend the title.
If Agninaldo is really pining for "liberty or death"
he will probably find the latter easier to get.
FROM DANIEL WEBSTER TO DANIEL
BURNS.
NO man like Dan Burns has ever made, or can
ever successfully make, an open canvass in
this State. The "still hunt" is the only
mode in which such a candidacy can be pro
moted. Apart from the definite charges which
have been made through the press, he stands
for all the lowest and worst phases of politics.
Morally and intellectually he is thoroughly unfit to
represent our people in the Federal Senate. Even
though the standard of that exalted body of men has
declined since the days of Webster, Clay, Calhoun,
Benton, Douglas, Seward, Fessenden, Collamer, Ed
munds and other great men who have adorned our
history, he is not knee high to any present Senator.
His appearance at Washington would be like the in
troduction of a Police Court pettifogger to the Su
preme Court of the United States. If it were prac
ticable to subject the candidates for the Senate to a
civil service examination before the Legislature, Dan
Burns would either refuse to appear, or after his appear
ance would vanish like a spurious ghost. He could not
make a speech. He could not debate a question. He
could not write a report. He could hardly examine a
witness before a committee. There is not one of the
duties that would devolve upon him in the Senate
chamber, in which, if dragged out into the open, he
would not ignominiously fail.
Behind him, therefore, or in him in a political
sense, there is literally nothing but trickery and cor
ruption in their most debased forms. There are
degrees even in political rascality. There are great
political rascals and little political rascals. The
emergence of Dan Burns from the scum of municipal
rottenness reveals only the face of a tool, and not even
the head of a successful boss.
His election, therefore, would be a disgrace to the
State, and a lasting injury to the Republican party.
His election through a combination between the rail
road, the Federal brigade and the Governor would
be accepted as plenary evidence that the Republican
State Convention of 1898 and the press, during the
canvass of that year, were completely hoodwinked,
and that from the beginning Henry T. Gage was the
railroad candidate — not as he may well and properly
have been, after his nomination, the choice of the
gentlemen connected with the railroad, but the par
ticular candidate whom the railroad desired to aid
in its undisclosed purpose of sending to the Senate a
mere agent and factotum of its own.
The Republican party represented by the large ma
jority in the Senate and in the Assembly cannot af
ford to be dragooned into this unconscionable atti
tude. The railroad has rights and interests which
ought to be respected and protected. But it would
take demonstration to convince us that it has captured
the Republican organization, or that it can dominate
the disinterested and patriotic voters by whom the last
election was decided. It is unquestionable that by
the Republican newspapers and by the mass of Re
publican citizens its influence was unknown, unfelt
and unsuspected. It is impossible to assume that, de
stroying freedom through its forms, it surreptitiously
gained possession of two co-ordinate branches of the
Government, and that either on the broad gauge or
the narrow gauge, it can propel its creature into the
seat about to be honorably vacated by Stephen M.
White.
THE COMPLETED CITY HALL.
' I "HE refusal of the Building Committee of the
I Board of Supervisors to accept the New City
* Hall, offered to them a few days ago by the
Mayor. Auditor and City and County Attorney,
places San Francisco in a most embarrassing predica
ment. In turning the bujiding over the Commission-
ers declared it was "completed." The Building Com
mittee says that it is not completed and declines to
tike it. Here, then, we have the anomalous situation
of a City Hall owned by a large city of which no one
claims possession, and of which no one is willing to
take charge.
We do not see how the City Hall Commissioners
can continue to exercise their trust. The law under
which they had their being has expired by limitation
and with it the power to levy taxes. The Commis
sioners, therefore, can obtain no more money with
which to carry on work on the municipal structure.
The Board of Supervisors possesses authority to levy
taxes and apportion them to what is known as the
building fund, out of which the expense of repairs and
new construction might be paid. But the Super
visors decline to undertake the duty, and so the city
ir in the situation of having a building for which it
can obtain no managers.
But, as if this were not enough, the city architect
reports that no money has ever been expended in re
pairing the City Hall, and that, as a consequence, the
iron work is rusting away and the superstructure de
caying. Another authority has informed the Build
ing Committee that the new roof leaks, that the plas
ter is falling, and that other portions of the building
show signs of disintegration.
We have no suggestions to make in this connection,
since it appears that for a "completed" City Hall our
municipal elephant is the most extraordinary animal
ever produced by the tax-eaters anywhere. We have
no idea, moreover, what can be done to straighten
out the difficulty, unless it be that the Supervisors
put up the hall at auction and knock it down to the
highest bidder. Doubtless a gnnd title could be con
veyed to the land, and, as for the building, it is not
worth much anyway, except for jail purposes.
The Legislature is in session, but it does not appear
that it can grant any relief. Under a recent decision
of the Supreme Court that body c<~n no longer pas;
laws affecting the municipal affairs of San Francisco.
Under the circumstances it would seem thr.t a serious
condition rather than an architectural theory is con
fronting us.
THE DEPARTMENT OF HIGHWAYS.
AMONG the many reports submitted by various
departments and commissions of the Stnte
government none will be read with more in
terest this year than that of the department of high
way?. It tfi very lengthy, but will repay careful study,
for it thoroughly covers the subject of highway im
provement, aijd no subject is at this time more de
serving of public attention in California.
The commission points out that the 4 first extended
official attempt to institute system and economy into
road work in this State failed because the laws recom
mended for the promotion of road work were so al
tered and modified by the last Legislature that the
enactments were ineffective. In fact, as the report
?ay?. "nearly all the road laws passed by the last
Legislature were abortive, and attempts to effect re
form were thwarted."
To remedy that condition of affairs the commission
recommends a comprehensive scheme of legislation,
which, if carried out completely, it believes will en
able the State to begin upon a systematic and eco
nomical programme of road work. All the proposed
legislation is based upon, a general principle of action,
which the report sums up as follows:
"It should be recognized at the outset that the main
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
highways of the State and its counties are lines along
which the travel and traffic of an indefinite future must
move, and that it is, therefore, necessary to locate
these lines on the most advantageous ground, irre
spective of the temporary private interests. Which at
most can last for only one or two generations. Alter
roads shall have been located upon these linos, no
false economy and makeshift methods should I>e .ii
lowed; the drains, culverts and bridges should be
made of masonry, the roadbed graded to true lines
and a sprinkling plant provided. Finally tlir surface
should be metaled with the best available ro< h To
attempt this upon all roads with the entire road Inn. l
of each county is not practicable. Existing roads,
however bad, must be maintained so as to permit "I
reasonable use, even if that use temporarily entaill
heavy loss."
The commission asks the enactment ol seven law;
or amendments to existing laws. The measure! IN
to be considered as a whole, :\n>l DO( separately, Foi
the rejection or modification i>f one might ICrlotlsl]
impair the system of which all art necessary parti Ii
is claimed they are not radical, thai they 'I" nol Illb
vert the method of road administration to whli h the
State is accustomed, but that they do presttf DTtti tl< si
lines along which the evils ol the prtseot System m:iy
be corrected.
It is greatly desired that something be accom
plished at this session to promote the work of road
improvement, and the report of 'the Commission is 10
abundant and comprehensive upon every aspect of the
problem that it will materially aid the legislators In
devising legislation to that end
COMMISSARY GENERAL EAGAN.
/^QMMISSARY GENERAL KAGAN has made
I two important disclosures by his testimony
given before the War Investigating Board. In
the first place he disclosed the fact that the charge
made against the commissary department of furnish
ing vile beef to the troops at Tampa and Santiago
cannot be answered except by vilifying the com
manding general of the army, and, second, that the
notorious embalmed beef supplied to the army is not
more malodorous than Eagan himself.
In the report given of his testimony Eagan is said
to have so far lost not only all respect due to his su
perior officer, but all sense of decency, that he de
clared General Miles to be "a liar who lied in his
throat, lied in his heart, lied in every part of his
body." Not content with that outburst of bad tem
per and worse manners. Eagan, when commenting
upon the statement that the canned meat furnished the
troops had been used for experimenting with chemi
cal preservatives, said of General Miles: "He lies;
lies in every hair of his head, he lies willfully and mali
ciously. If he lies — and I say he does — he should be
drummed out of the army and incarcerated in prison."
From that exhibition of the kind of man Commis
sar}' General Eagan is the public will derive the satis
faction of knowing that the embalmed beef scandal is
being probed to the bottom. The rascals who were
responsible for the outrage of sending to the camps
and the hospitals of our soldiers in the Cuban cam
paign meat so vile that it smelled like an embalmed
body have evidently been reached. A little further
investigation will probably disclose those who are
behind Eagan and bring to light evidence sufficient
tc convict them.
In the question of veracity thus raised by the black
guard commissary it will be remembered that the evi
dence given by General Miles is supported by the tes
timony of many officers of the army whose business
it wa« to inspect the supplies. The reports of sev
eral of these officers have been made public, and their
statements are direct and positive. The beef was cov
ered with a green beard, it emitted a sickening odor
when boiling, and tasted so vile that even the hun
griest men could not eat it.
The language of Eagan is appropriate to the cause
he had to defend. Foul deeds can be upheld only by
foul language. After all the evidence is in and a full
hearing given, the commissary department can make
no better defense than that of declaring the command
ing general to be a liar.
It is reported that Miles does not take Eagan's at
tack seriously. When questioned upon the subject
he stated that the charge hardly merited a response,
and his only comment was that the use of such lan
guage is "conduct unbecoming an officer and a gen
tleman." Even if that view be taken of the affair by
the President and the War Department as well as by
the commanding general, the case will be serious
enough to demand a court-martial. Eagan's services
in future will be more satisfactory to the beef con
tractors than to the people of the United States.
MORE ADULTERATIONS.
AN epidemic of grip has been raging in Xcw
York for some time, and as a result there has
been a large demand for drugs prescribed by
the physicians as remedies for the disease. It is now
announced it has been discovered that a considerable
number of pharmacists have put up these prescrip
tions improperly by substituting acetanilid where
phenacetine was called for. As the substitute is said
to cost 50 cents a pound while the phenacetine costs
85 cents an ounce, it is believed the change has not
been altogether the result of mistake.
It is further reported that the substitution has been
made in many cases where the result has been that
physicians have been accused of incompetency and ig
norance, and patients have suffered because the action
of the two drugs differs considerably in certain re
spects. So extensive has been the substitution that
the Board of Health of the city has been compelled
to take cognizance of the matter, and it is now re
ported to be doing everything in its power to put a
stop to the adulteration of medicines and the substi
tution of cheap drugs for costly ones in prescriptions.
Thus, while we are in the thick of a fight to pre
vent the adulteration of foods, we are called upon to
make another fight to prevent the adulteration of the
medicine prescribed to cure the ills caused by the im
pure foods. It looks as if we would never pet to the
end of the evils which science enables dishonesty to
cause in the world until we clothe honest science
with full power to act summarily in dealing with
them.
Honest pharmacists, like honest producers of pure
foods, will of course cordially co-operate with the law
in suppressing the dishonest practice. With their aid
a resolute public sentiment should be able to grapple
with the evil and overcome it. Up to this time no
loud complaint of adulterated medicines has been
heard in any city except New York, but of course
that is not the only place in the Union where such
adulterations and frauds are practiced.
Other Eastern cities, profiting by the exposure
made in New York, are urging their Boards of Health
to make an inspection of the drug business. The
adulteration of medicine is a serious affair, and since
the fraud is so easily practiced a little legal and
scientific supervision would be wholesome in all parts
cf the Union.
Commissary General Eagan has been accused of
many things, but it will be a long time before any
body will charge him with being a gentleman.
THE CHARTER AND
OFFICE-HOLDERS
To tho TCdltor of The Call: I observe In the morning papers that sev
n-nl of tho officials and employes of the city government have met for the
pUXpott of opposing the approval of the charter by the Legislature on the
ground tliat it Seeks to Hmlt their term of offloe to one yean from the Ist
of Jfltui!ii\. it Ih true that the charter provides for a separate municipal
election every two years, beginning next November, and that officers there
after win be elected for ;i term of only two years, and it is intended that
ths present officers Bhall go out of office after serving one year unless the
court! deolde t" th ntrary. This was understood when the nominations
were made and accepted. Therefore if the office-holders oppose the adop
tion 'T tb" charter <>n that ground they are acting in bad faith and contrary
to ti"> expressed provision! and pledges of the platforms upon which they
It I. The fad thai the term of office is abbreviated this year should not
for a RlOment affect the Judgment of the Legislature in a matter of so
ttiui'h Importance to the . • i t y and county of San Francisco as the adoption
Of the new organic law, carefully prepared and ratified after practically
eighteen years of public debate, discussion and agitation. This charter is
B deliberate act of the citizens of San Francisco. The municipal and legis
latlve platforms of all political parties in this city strongly indorsed it, the
Legislative nominees wore pledged to vote for it, and in State convention
both political parties formally requested or required their Legislative nomi-
IX ci to recognise tho principle of home rule and approve of charters regu
larly adopted by the people.
Now, addressing myself to my colleagues in the city government, I de-
Slri to nay that their opposition, if it is serious, is vlolative of the profes
tions they made to the people as the representatives of their political par
and that the adoption of a new organic law is a first necessity for
ihr existence, 1 might say, not only of good government, but of practi
t .illy any K<>vornment in the city of San Francisco.
As they know the only power possessed by the city or any other munici
pality without a freeholder's charter is that which has been granted to it
i>y th>> legislature, and anything done or performed, or person employed,
In excess of such power is without authority of law. Now, as a matter of
fact, there is no law for much that i 3 done in San Francisco and for many
of the places that are filled by appointment, and the Auditor could be en-
Joined at any moment from allowing the numerous demands affecting per
sons and acts which would perhaps surprl«" those who now feel secure
in the possession of offices or Interested in tho advancement of public works,
our city governmpnt, therefore, is one of expediency or sufferance, which
will completely brr-ak down as soon as the word is spoken, and is not
based upon law, power or authority. This is caused by the city, perhaps,
outgrowing the law or the gradual assumption of unauthorized power, tol
erated by indulgent offlc< rs, believing, Justly or unjustly, that certain work
should be done find chances taken. But under this system contractors,
merchant* and employes, aH we have sometimes seen in the past, lose
their compensation for work done or materials supplied and the Auditor,
as the financial head of the city's government, and his bondsmen, who are
responsible, are constantly In periL There is no way of remedying this con
dition except by the adoption of the charter, for this reason: That two
years ago B constitutional amendment was adopted forbidding the Legisla
ture to pans any laws affecting the city in Its "municipal affairs." There
fore, this Legislature cannot Increase th" powers of the Board of Super
visor?, nor give legal validity to those conditions which exist in excess of
the powers of the government, with which I am familiar and to which I
have Just referred. If the- charter for any reason fails of adoption, then it
will be necessary, In order to impress upon those who are opposed to the
instrument now, the force of those comments by challenging all those things
which have grown up under our present government on account of usurpa
tion and the assumption of powers which have no authority in law.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE.
There Is before Congress a pure food bill which has features of great in
terest to California producers. It prohibits and punishes the false label
ing or branding of articles to mislead the consumer as to their quality or
the place of their production. It is- known to our local canners that it is th«
practice of Eastern canners to pack culls and brand them California fruit.
Our State label is used on fruit grown in Illinois, Michigan, Delaware and
New Jersey. It is not used on the first class fruit of those regions, but on
such inferior qualities as injure in the market the good product that ap
pears under the same label. This is a matter involving the rights of trade
marks, and as it affects the interstate relations of commerce comes under
Federal jurisdiction.
We have heretofore spoken of the disposition of our own fruits of in
ferior sizet Such fruit has a market. It is used as pie and sauce goods in
minor class boarding houses and hotels, in lumber and mining camps. But
it should be labeled tor what it is and not for what it is not. The pend
ing act of Congress will protect the distillations of California against such
frauds as the shipment from a bonded warehouse in this city of bogus
brandy, made of raw corn high wines from Nebraska, but labeled "Old Cali
fornia Grape Brandy," and will aid our honest producers, packers and driers
of fruit in enforcing the principles of commercial honor.
The January rain has dispelled all Joubts about the crops of this year.
The average fall for the whole State was 2 inches. That means an aver
age of 678 tons of water to the acre, or 135,600 gallons. The surface had been
prepared for the absorption of this vast quantity of water by the moisture
that preceded the main storm. It is probable that never before did so
large a percentage of a heavy rainfall go into the ground and so little run
off.
STATE NOTES.
The sale of the San Joaquin and Stanislaus irrigating canal has been ef
fected and ends the entanglements and complications that have beset the
property so long. With the prospect of abundant water this plant will now
be used to make fertile a large area of land and add to the full crop the
State will produce this year.
Down in Tulare County they are discussing the raising of bamboo.
This forms a large importation into this country and can be grown in
this State as well as in Japan. The giant and medium sorts should be
planted as wind breaks and border trees around orchards and vineyards. It
is one of the grasses and once rooted may be perpetually grown and cut.
It is one of our most beautiful exotics in form and foliage and more at
tention should be paid to it.
This is to be a year for the California fig. The Greek crop has a short
age of 75 per cent.
The agricultural department of the State University at Berkeley is to
experiment with a new breed of sheep, a cross between the Merino and the
Persian sheep. The tine carpet wools are Persian, and the sheep producing
them is very large and fine for mutton. The result of the experiment will
be watched with interest by flock masters.
California apples from. the foothills have been extensively shipped to
England this season.
The Fresno Republican says that the San Joaquin Valley counties pro
pose to promote the publication in "convenient form for circulation of a com
prehensive statement of the resources of that valley and the inducements
offered to settlers. This is well. But we wish to say that the daily." con
stant, vital and intelligent attention given to rural and industrial inter
ests by the Republican itself is a write-up that should by no means be for
gotten by those who wish to induce aettlers. The local county paper is the
best modium known for the spread of information valuable to the interests
in the midst of which it is published.
Experiments in this State are said to prove that eggs can be produced
at an average cost of 6 cents a dozen, expended for food for the hens. Yet
we do not produce all the eggs and poultry that we consume.
PROTECTING PACIFIC
COAST COMMERCE
UNCLE SAM WILL DEMAND FAIR
PLAY IN ECUADOR.
No Discrimination Favorable to Chile
Will Be Permitted Without Some
Danger of a Rupture.
Some time ago one of the United States
Consuls in South America sent to the
manufacturers of this city a copy of a
proposed treaty between Ecuador and
Chile, which if carried into effect would
work a great hardship upon the oom
i merre of this country, and especially to
I the interests of this coast. By its terms
| many of the articles of commerce w< ro
j admitted into each country free of duty.
This would have the effect of killing a
growing industry in the line of exprirta
■ tion of flour, lumber, etc., that is spring
ing up between this district and South
i American countries. The local Chamber
"f < 'nmmorre and the Manufacturers' and
: Producers' Association held special meet
i ings and forwarded to Washington rae
j morials asking the Pacific Coast repre
i sentatives and the Secretary of State to
j do all in their power to secure equal
rights for this country in the countries
I below the equator.
Before anything- could be done the fol
lowing dispatch was sent here by the
i Eastern press:
"Consul General de Leon, at Guayaquil,
I reports to the State Department that a
; reciprocity treaty is proposed between
i Ecuador and Chile, and has already been
I ratified by Ecuador. He says that the
! treaty is favorable to Chile in many re
i spects, in some ways at the cost of the
I United States' commerce, and principally
1 in the direction of flour, lumber and other
: California products."
This led local shippers to believe that
the valuable trade or Ecuador and Chile
was lost to them. However, there is still
reason to feel confident that Uncle Sam
; will see that if there are any favors to
I be bestowed he will have hts Bhare, or
I know the reason why. Steps to this end
have already been taken, as may be seen
by this letter received by the Manufac
turers and Producers, in response to one
; sent to the Secretary of State:
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,
Washington, January 7, 189?.
Gentlemen — Your letter of the 20th ultimo,
addressed to the Secretary of State, has been
| referred to this office for attention. The de
partment has been already advised by Its
agents of the treaty between Ecuador and
Chile, and instructions grlven for the draft
of ft convention between Ecuador and the
T'niterl States with a view to secure the best I
terms r>os>sible for all Pacific Coast products
Which fir.fi a market In this country.
This office hopes that the awakened com
mercial interests will find a way for regular
communication by l/nlterl State? steamers
fr.m Sun Francisco to the various ports of
South America. Respectfully yours
JOHN A. KASSOX.
Special Commissioner Plenipotentiary.
A HUNDRED POLICE
WILL KEEP ORDER
PREPARATIONS FOR THE RECEP
TION OF GENERAL SHAFTER.
It Will Not Be Attended by Any of
the Confusion Witnessed When
Hobson Was Here.
The reception to be tendered Major-Gen
eral Shafter on his arrival here next week
will be a public one; 60 says General R. H.
Wax-field, who is one of the members of
the reception committee appointed by
Mayor Phelan to make all necessary ar
rangements.
The reception, as published in the Call,
will be hold at the Palace Hotel. It will
lip similar to the one tendered Lieutenant
Hobson, with thie exception— there will be
a larger police force present to prevent
the crowd getting out of line anu causing
the crush and confusion that happened
when Lieutenant Hobson was the city's
guest. There will be one hundred police
men on duty the night of the reception
and they will he thoroughly instructed as
to what they are to do.
The reception will be held in the main
parlors of the Palace, and the public wMI
be former] and kept in line. It is probable
that General Snafter may make a snort
address, but tuis part of'the programme
will depend entirely on his wishes in the
matter.
NEW YORKERS DELAYED.
Some of Them Wandered, So All i
Were Betained Here.
Thirty-seven of the men of the Xew '
York Regiment who were left here in the !
hospital were to have been sent home ye«- '
tcrday, but will not be got away until
this evening. General Merriam had '
made all the necessary arrangements for j
the men to leave, und they came into the
army headquarters in charge of a hop- i
pltal steward. While the men were hay- 1
ing their final papers put in proper shape !
rive of them wandered off on a little ex- 1
cursion. and when the time came for them
to leave they could not be found. The
rent of the detachment had to return to
the Presidio. They will start East to
night if the five wanderers can be rounded
U Generaf'Merriam stated yesterday that
the Astor Battery would be sent East
early next week. The battery will be
ouartered on board the Senator until ar
ranlements have been made for its trans-
Sy k L. Edie, who is to
wed Miss KiP of this city, was yesterday
£$£££ duty of superintending
tify hospital to be built « « h e Presidio
SSe'd 3 ESS?, SiS'SiSgJSil!
yesterday. __
ATTORNEYS WITHDRAW.
Will Not Press the Claims for Over
a Million Dollars Back Taxes.
Tho way was made clear yesterday by
the law firm of Rodgers, Paterson &
Slack for the Supervisors to withdraw
from the litigation instituted for the col
lection of taxes alleged to be due the
county. Van R. Paterson and Charles TV.
Slack represented the firm.
They said that if any county is dissatis
fied with the contract into which it en
tered they would do with th^m as with
any client who did not wish to continue
litigation. They would have no client of
theirs dissatisfied. They had no desire to
force an unconscionable contract upon the
city and withdrew from the case. They
declined to accept any compensation, re
leasing the board from any claim what
ever.
They disclaimed any knowledge origin
ally as to the amount of money involved
and were astonished to learn after they
had taken the matter in hand that it ran
the hundreds of thousands. A reso
lution was presented the Finance Com
mittee before the attorneys were heard
stating that the board was- satisfied the
llrm had no knowledge of the large
amount involved in the litigation. They
simp!- ■ with the law In the cas-»,
the firm of Devlin & Devlin handling tha
financial end. The clerk of the board was
instructed to ascertain from the latter
firm the amount it actually expended on
behalf of the city before further action
be taken on the resolution employing
ttu-m.
The counties throughout the State are
rescinding the contracts into which they
entered In this matter. It was found that
the amount involved was nearly a million
and a half dollars. Of this the counties
would g*:-t half and the attorneys the
other half. It would come out of the
State treasury, and the State would !n
turn assess it back to the counties. Thus
the counties would in the end be out just
half the money they raised to pay tha
State. ...
A SINGULAR FORGERY.
Michael Broderick Arrested for Sign-
ing His Own Name.
Michael Broderick, an idle young man.
residing with his mother at 126 Liberty
street, waived an examination before
I'nited States Court Commissioner Hea
cock ypstf-rrlay ar.d was held to answer
before the Grand Jury with bonds at $1000
The prisoner was committed to jail in. de
fault of bail.
Broderick is charged with forging a
postal money order. His case is a pecu
liar one. A letter addressed "Michael
Broderick" and containing a postal money
order for $100 arrived at the San Franciso
Postoffice several day? ago. It waf taken
to a Michael Broderick, who said it was
not for him. It was then taken to I
ael Brode-rick, the prisoner, at his resi
dence. 12* i Liberty str^.t. Michael's
mother opened the letter and saw that it
was not intended for her son. She had to
leave the house at once to attend a sick
friend, leaving the letter behind. Mich
ael, in her absence, took the note to the
Postoffice with a friend to identify him,
and signed his own name to the note.
Then he was handed the money.
The question will be raised whether a
man can be convicted of forgery for
signing his own name in his own hand
writing to a paper of commercial value.
Recorder Berthier Wants Light.
A petition was presented to the Super
visors yesterday, askins: that steps be tak
en to properly light the Hall of Records
either with gas or electricity. The peti
tion was signed by Recorder Berthier, his
deputies and by the searchers of record.?
and attorneys whose business take 3 them
to the big dark building-. Originally
lights were not provided because of sup
posed danger to the valuable contents of
the building. At that time also the hours
of employment were shorter and short
days were not such a factor in the busi
ness of the office. It is expected the
Supervisors will act favorably in the mat
ter.
Estates of the Dead.
The will of John S. Morgan, president of
the Morgan Oyster Company, who died
recently, was filed for probate yesterday.
As the deceased transferred most of his
property to his heirs prior to his death
an estate valued at $9000 was all that was
left to be disposed of by testament. Thia
was devised to Sophia E. Morgan, widow
of the testator.
The will of John Schafer bequeaths an
estate valued at $5000 to Katharina Schaf
er. decedent's widow.
The will of Francis Gamba. who died
December 27, directs that her estate,
which is valued at $2500. be distributed
among her immediate relatives.
More Deputies for Dr. Dodge.
Dr. Washington Dodge, the Assessor,
made five additional appointments yester
day, the number including: M. C. Haley,
one time County Clerk. The new men afa
Henry Dahe Jr.. E. B. Howerton, Her
man Gutstadt. Albert Mnrgenstern and M.
C. Haley. The list of deputies is not yet
complete.
Special sale to-day of Palace mixed can
dies; 15c lb. Townsend's, 627 Market. •
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits; 50c lb, in fire etchf-d,
boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market st_ •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A Real Patriot.
"Pauline is still crazy about soldiers.**
"How do you know?"
"At our Thanksgiving dinner she
wouldn't eat any of the turkey but the
drumstick. '■— Detroit Free Press.
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters, appetizer and
invigorator, imparts a delicious flavor to all
drinks and cures dyspepsia.
Keep loosing young ana save your hair, its color
and beauty with Paekee's Hair Balsam.
HIxDKHeoHXP, the best cure for corns. 15ctj.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures constipation and
indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At Owl Drug Co.
A Sufficient Reason.
Bass— l wonder why it is the women
think so much of the military?
Fogg— l don't know, unless it is because
the military are men.— Boston Transcript.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
WOVAI BAKIMO EOWPtK pp.. NEW YORK.WRECKED ON
THE ROCKS AT
CASPAR HEAD
The Jewel Ashore at
Daybreak.
ALL OF THE CREW SAVEn
SECOfc^ ENGINEER HORNE HAD
HIS LEG BROKEN.
Narrow Escape of the Crew of the
Scow Gaslight — Vessel Filled
With Water While
They Slept.
; . ; .■•The steam schooner Jewel is a total
wreck on the Mendocino coast. She left
..•■.'■ ;hi'. on the 9th inst., and went on the
.it daybreak yesterday morning.
tved, but William Home, j
ond engineer, had his arm broken j ;
v Ing from the wreck.
• Jewel arrived at Caspar last Tues
- soon as the supplies for the '
;.'• . rh!U were landed she began loading a re
... turn cargo of lumber. By Thursday night
-?'!,««.' feet had been put aboard, and Cap
en decided to give his men a
. (1 night's rest in order to finish
hus loading yesterday. It was blowing
hard and a heavy swell was running Into
• Caspar Hay. Had the Jewel remained |
whore she was the sailors would have |
ompeUed to remain on watch all,
r.ight for ftar the steamer's mooring lines
should part. The captain accordingly
took his vessel out to sea, intending to
Stand on and off until daylight, when he
return to the wharf and take in
the remainder of the cargo.
• .Captain Madsen remained on watch un-
Tli about - o'clock yesterday morning and ■
went below to p<t a few minutes'
The mate was left in charge, with
. '■ Instructions to call the caniain at i>:3o a, I
m. It was pitch dark, and the Hying spray
■ . made it mi; see more than the ;
■ . length of the ship. When it became time
to call the captain the mate thought the
. J«v.. 1 was about five miles off shore, ;.nd !
.way on his way to make s:;.-h a report I
.when the vessel Btruck. The wind and
current had carried her up the coast and
.- about
j.ve miles north of the North Head at
Caspar Bay.
. 'Had there been a lighthouse on
south head r Bay the disaster
• 'would never na . 1. There is a
■ ■ light on Point Arena and another at :
':■ tdoclno. Between those places
there are about thirty harbors and land- !
■ ■ ings which are used daily by the lumber j
et, after leaving Point An
• re la no guiding light until Cape Men- j
ape of the coast
h that the south entrance to Cas
par Kay is the most westerly point, and
the Government, noting this fact, as far >
is January ; -ide lot V, sec- j
township 17 north, range 18 west.
Mount Diablo meridian, by order of the
lent, for lighthouse purposes. But
•it has never been put to use.
Th. crew of the Jewel managed to get
■ on a life line. One end of a haw
er waa made fast to the stump of the
. foremast and it was then hauled to the
>.ach" by means of a small heaving line,
whleh had previously been got ashore.
Engineer Home had his arm crushed by a
■Uirjg timber just as h.- was preparing ,
• ike hfs place on the rope. Captain
Madsen displayed wonderful coolness and
. and was the last man to leave
the wreck. It was at first thought the
drowned, for he was washed
■ urrt. hut he managed to climb on
.some wreckage and with it he was
' wdshed ashore.
The Jewel was built at Benicia in 1888.
and was 134 feet long. 33 feet broad, 10.3 I
tnd 202.55 tons gross burden.
F, A. VVllklns was the managing owner,
and Btte was under charter to the Caspar
Lumber Company. The insurance on hull
and cargo do.-s not exceed $1000.
The crew of two on the scow schooner
»rht had a narrow escape yesterday
morning. The vessel left here with a
load of lumber for Port Costa last Thurs
day, but could not get any farther than
Portuguese Point. nearSheeplsland. There
ncr was anchored and the cap
■ n<i his man went to sleep in the
■ ibin. A ITi a. m. yesterday they awoke,
I that the Gaslight had sprung aleak
:abin was flooded. They made
:h"ir way on neck in their night clothes
finally had to take refuge in the
rigging. For four hours they hung on,
and just as they were ready to drop over
board from cold and exhaustion the
mer Anna Aden, bound from Vallejo
.for Sun Francisco, hove in sight. Cap
. trvin Trenmann headed for the watcr
•'• and soon had th* men aboard
and- outside a eood horn of whisky. The i
'u-ht will be ralsi d without much dif
. as soon aa her deckload of lum
has been removed.
--.jnk»'n sailer created a disturbance
on the ferry steamer Encinal on the 2:30
p. m. trip yesterday. He made thn c
bluffs at jumping overboard, anu kept the
crew on the move during the run across.
When the Encinal reached tills side the
!••'.] the sailor off the vessel and
him to put some rocks in hia pocket
::mp off Mission street wharf. "I
won't' do it," said he. "I'll go and take
another drink." And h<-> did.
Have you tried that 25c dinner at The
JRalsU'n? Salad. Boup, fish, chicken,
roast goose, .t.sparagas. icecream, Eng
lish walnuts, good wine, black coffee
anil cognac. It's a 50c dinner for 2nc.
The Ilalston. 7*3 Market street. •
.. . • Did Not Pass Boxing Permits.
■_:•..•''.•..• .'•Owing to tiie illness of ''hairman Col
was no meeting of the Health
and Police Committee Of the Supervisors
•y.esterday. The various applications for
bQXing permits will not be passed upon
tax another w>-r-k.
Don't Want to Move.
•ilayor Phelan and Judge Cook have had
a conference regarding the proposed re
moval of the criminal departments of the
Superior Court to the Hall of Justice.
ted his views in oppo
to the proposed change and Mayor
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
DISEASES AND WEAKNESS
OF MEN ONLY.
I ESTABLISHED 18 YEAHS.
o— o
o 6
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Consultation, Advice and
Private Book Free.
731 MARKET STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
WRECK OF THE STEAM SCHOONER JEWEL NEAR CASPAR.
Phelan agreed that the courts should not
be disturbed. Judges Cook. Lawlor and
Dunne will address a communication to
the Board of Supervisors, setting forth
their reasons for objecting to the pro
posed removal, and it is thought that
action on the communication will be im
mediately taken.
CAUGHT UNDER A BED.
A Daylight Burglar Captured by the
Man He Sought to Rob.
Henry Shaffer, a laborer 19 years of age,
was arrested by Officer Olsen on Broad
way yesterday afternoon and charged at
the California street station with carrying
concealed weapons and burglary.
The jjoor of the residence of Thomas
Maern.-r. residing at BS2 Broadway,
was left unlocked yesterday afternoon
and Shaffer discovered the fact. He en
tered the house, evidently thinking no one
was at home and that the work of rob
bing the place might be an easy matter.
He made his way into a bedroom and
proceeded to search for valuables. The
noise he made was heard by Mr. Magner.
who happened to be at home. Magner
entered the bedroom and found Shaffer,
who became alarmed at the approach of
the owner of the place, and he attempted
to hide himself under the bed. With a
motion as if about to draw a revolver
Magner ordered the would-be burglar to
throw up his hands and he was obeyed.
Magner s. -arched Shaffer and found on
him a large bowie knife. Officer Olsen
was called in and made the arrest.
Many Homes Acquired by Wage-
Earners.
The stockholders of the San Francisco
and Oakland Mutual Loan Association
held their tenth annual meeting at the
office of the corporation, 51S Montgomery
street, last evening, President Thos. J.
Welsh presiding.
Secretary A. Sbarboro read his tenth
annual report, which shows that the as
sociation has. during the past ten years,
had a remarkably successful career; 234
of its members have been supplied with
homes for their families, amounting in
the aggregate to $389,127 27, of which $190,
--051 47 have already been repaid, there re
maining $199,075 80 outstanding loans. Only
fourteen pieces of property have been
turned over to the association during the
past ten years, amounting to $16,579 24,
which shows the careful manner in which
the Security Committee has granted
loans. Of tnese five pieces have already
been sold for $6,436 17, which left a small
profit to the association; $251,957 15 has
been paid out to those of the members
who desired to withdraw, including $35.
--003 65 earnings, the withdrawing members
receiving interest on their investment of
from 6 to 9 per cent per annum, in ac
cordance with the age of their shares.
Books have been opened for subscription
- 1 shares of stock of the 11th series,
a large number of which have already
been taken.
The stockholders were well pleased with
the report, and unanimously r» -elected
the following officers and directors for the
ensuing year: President. Thos. J. Welsh;
vice-president, Chas. A. Malm: treasurer,
\ Merle; secretary. -A. Sbarboro; attor
ney, D. Freidenrich, and in addition to
the first four named gentlemen, R. Doyle,
G. B. Cevasco. Jas. H. Barry, F. W. Seibel
and G. de Luca as directors.
To Inspect the Southern Road.
Railroad Commission C. S. Laumels
ter, accompanied by his wife and < "aenar
R. Splivalo, president of the Yosemite
Flour Mills, and Mrs. Splivalo. will be
passengers on the steamer Santa Rosa
which leaves here to-day for San Diego.
Commissioner Laumeister's object in go
ing south is on official business to take a
look at the new road that is being con
structed along the coast line. H" ex
pects to be joined in the land of oranges
and sunshine by Commissioner Black
stock as soon *s that gentleman can con
veniently g<n away from the State cap
ital, where he now i.-.
Railroad vs. Senator.
The editorials in this week's Town Talk
discuss in unbiased manner the Senatorial
situation here and in Nevada, with the
various odds and ends of debate that
have found their way into Sacramento
politics The Saunterer gives some good
club stories and tells about the happen
ings of society. There in an analysis of
Ro^nthal and his methods, and a fine
portrait of Gerome Helmont. the boy vio
linist. Eleanor Kent is portraitized. and
who Eleanor Kent is is explained In the
accompanying article. Town lalk this
week is a good number.
Owen Was Insane.
R. T. Owen was acquitted by a jury In
Judge Cook's court yesterday on a charge
of assault to murder, by reason of insan
ity. Some time ago Owen stabbed Alfred
Bobie with a pocketknife without cause
or provocation, Bobie being an entire
stranger to the prisoner. When the jury
handed in its verdict Assistant District
Attorney Black asked that the defendant
be held," pending an Investigation into the
present mental condition of the accused.
Judge Cook made the order, and Owen
will be examined this morning.
In tue Divorce Courts.
Mrs. J. Popp was granted a divorce from
Charles W. Popp yesterday on the ground
of willful neglect. The suit of W. D.
Valentine, well known in wheat broking
circles in this city and Chicago, for a
divorce from his wife is now on trial be
fare Judge Bahrs. Phoebe M. White, wife
of Michael White, appeared before Judge
Hebbard yesterday morning and obtained
an order for alimony in the sum of $40 a
month, pending the outcome of a suit for
divorce recently instituted by Mrs. White.
For a Change.
Try any two 15c dlfihea. with small coffee, 25c,
at Campl's, 106-108 OFarrell street, opposite
Orpheum. _ *
Agreed to Leave Town.
Eleven bunko men recently arrested by
Detectives Egan and Gibson agreed in the
Police Court yesterday to leave the city
within five days and the cases were con
tinued to give them a chance to carry
Into effect their promise. If they should
not leave they will be promptly arrested
and sent to jail for six months each.
The Hardtmuth pencil is the best in the
world. Try the JCoh-l-Noor. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
TROUBLOUS DAYS
FOR THE BOARD
OF EDUCATION
Injunction Suits That
Are to Come.
THE KATE KENNEDY DECISION
A "VIRTUAL CONTRACT WITH
NORMAL PUPI.LS.
Statement of Auditor Wells Regard
ing the Amount of Money to
Which the Board Has a
Legal Right.
Two new injunction suits have been
launched on the sea of litigation and a
third is on the ways ready for a start.
This is the beginning of the merry war
that is on between the Board of Educa
tion and the teachers where tenure of of
fice has been or will be cut short.
The first two cases are those of Miss
Emily Dyer and Miss Mollie 1... Sabin,
teachers in the Washington Evening
School, whose classes will be consolidated
into others and whose positions will be in
consequence abolished.
The suit to come is that connected with
the abolished City Normal School. In this
case two points are raised, to wit: The
alleged virtual discharge of teachers from
their positions, and the abrogating of a
"virtual contract," entered into between
the board and the Normal students, by
which contract the city agrees to fur
nish one year's tuition and a diploma of
graduation to said student.
Attorney J. A. Spinetti will conduct the
case for Miss Dyer and Miss Sabin and
Henry E. Highton will be retained by the
Normal School teachers and pupils.
In the matter pertaining to the Normal
School teachers action will be based upon
the case of Fannie L. Soule, who was dis
missed from her position about five years
ago and who won her case, which was
conducted by Judge Highton; also on the
Supreme Court decision in the Kate Ken
nedy case.
It will be remembered that this teacher
was transferred from one school to an
other of a lower grade and a lower sal
ary, and both the lower and higher courts
held that she had been removed without
cause, arbitrarily and illegally. She was
not an employe in the ordinary sense of
the term— that is, with limited term of
employment— but an elected teacher, and
as such was eligible to the position until
removed or dismissed for incompetently,
unprofessional or immoral conduct, in
the closing paragraph of the decision oc
curred these sentences: "It may bo well
to say that cases may arise in which a
teacher cannot compel the Board of Ivl
ucation to continue his employment and
enforce the payment of his salary. For
example, when the school in which he is
teaching is abolished or for any reason
the position has ceased to exist; but no
such question is presented here."
Whether this implied in the minds of
the learned Judges the possibility of a
contingency in which a School Board
could abolish a school and discharge or
remove the teacher, or if such question
had been presented there, the decision
would have been materially different, the
courts may be called upon to decide.
Director Holbrook stated yesterday that
injunction suits may come and injunction
suits may go, but the board would go on |
just the same; that the board baa the
authority to abolish any city school and
everything and everybody pertaining
thereto, the Kate Kennedy case to the
contrary notwithstanding. It is believed
that every teacher who anticipates the
consolidation of her class will anticipate
her own removal and bring a restraining
suit against the board. Moreover, there '
are visits made to attorneys' offices after
school hours and a reading up on school
suit decisions to an extent never known
before.
Auditor Asa R. Wells has submitted his
answer to the Board of Education regard
AS GOOD FOR WOMEN AS FOR MEN.
j^^~ •'■'^7%!^ SUISTJN CITT, Cal., Jan. 7, 1599.
/p J|l DR. PIERCE & SON— Dear 81rs: It has
t £ .^» bo#n some little time since I received your last
li vsl • Belt, and I have been watting to see how
{* ''f^b flSSfi things went. Flret of all I must tell you of
mLi ** a 3r F^l the one I bought for myself. I have found that
TO,* r V*i*i It has dene me so much good that I feel It is
\~» jfrissi. Jtj m i' duty to tell you someiMng about : it. ' It -
• >^i . S?J^sfa -has' ENTIRELY CURED me of those Nervous
• is v**~?<^K f v Troubles and of what caused them— rheuma-
/y/y, . /WA. /*' V-I{£~w. . tlsm, neuralgia, etc.— I have had them so
i^^^reAVi j! li JA vA *x5SsS\ • bad in my ear* that I could not sleep. It haa
i22PMWfkM™l%tr«to^HSt&^ entirely cured me of Rheumatism, from which
%ffiWkW*9 »*>^v!< tMS^^' I have been a great uffpr S r for yearn, and I
M»n\*\WK^^m«U^wi^iHSkV fed better all around: digestion la better,
PliwKlWl etomach troubles better and feel jollier and
\\\\ '■ w\ -\V^\\\\\^WMl^HttHl^ • more lighthcartod. I intend to recommend it to
V\\TOvW^wS«jIHMHHIBftT anybody who wants to know anything about
NWSMS^ISHIIH»O> tlectrio belt*. As I tell them. if you want a
V\>\\ vX^NrW^CWßPlW'r GOOD Belt-why, pet "im. PIERCES."
X;^^^^^^B™3PK Yours respectfully, MRS. HELEN COHK.
"■^fcWMr (C7Send i cents in stamps for our ILLUS-
VT'.V Dr. Pierce, Inventor. TRATBD PAMPHLET No. 2, or call at office.
PIERCE ELECTRIC COmPANY,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
ing the amount of money to which the
present board has a legal right. Accord
ing to his information, it is $50,000 less
than the board claims. They place the
amount at one-half of $1,217,140. The gist
of his decision is:
"In answer to your request, I would
most respectfully state that I will respect
the board's legal rights to control sis
twelfths of the appropriation for the six
months ending June 30, 1899. This office,
however, shows said appropriation to be
only $,">55,570, and not one-half of $1,217,140,
as assumed by the board. It will be re
membered that $100,000 of the $1,217,140 was
a special levy to cover a deficit of 1897-98.
"The board seems misinformed regard
ing the distribution of $100,000. which wa>
a special levy to meet a deficiency in
1897, said Mr. AVells yesterday. "This
money was applied, so soon as it was
available, to the payment of salaries for
May. 1897. It was for that special pur
pose and according to my judgment was
not subject to the one-twelfth act. It
was properly expended in paying those
warrants, as it was added to the original
levy for that especial purpose. This is
the construction I have placed upon the
matter, and until I have had more light
thrown on it by the board I must con
sider it the proper one. Had it not been
a special levy it would still be available.
Should the board be declared the owner
of that money it is on hand and can be
readily turned over to them."
11. M. Holbrook. chairman of the finance
committee of the board, has served no«
tice on Auditor Wells not to audit cer
tain bills of L. M. Alexander for supplies.
The bills have not been passed and th*
Auditor informed Mr. Holbrook yester
day that they would not be signed until
he has been consulted in the matter. Th«
warrants are for $1750.
ASHE GAINS IN HIS
CONTEST WITH DENNERY
JUDGE LAWLOR TESTIFIES AS
TO HIS RESIDENCE.
Lived for Nearly Two Years in the
District From Which Ashe Was
Elected Senator.
Tho representatives of R. Porter Ashe
in his contest with Leon Dennery for a
Beat In the State Legislature placed Judge
William P. Lawlor on the stand in Justice
Groezinger's court yesterday. Judge Law
lor gave the most important testimony
so far presented by Senator Asho. It was
in effect that he knew Ashe had resided
in th<- district from wflic-h he had been
elected for a period of twenty-two
months. He knew Ashe lived there in
December, 1887, when Dennery claims he
resided on Sacramento street.
According to persons who have fol
lowed the case from the start its
decision depends on that point. The
Mizner boys, Harry Dimond and
other well-known clubmen and bon
vivunts. who have enjoyed Mr. Ashe's
hospitality at hia Hush-street home and
have partaken of the Southern breakfasts
fr>r which the place is famous, will be on
the stand this morning- and will testify as
Judge Lawlor did.
Sergeant of Police Martin was on the
stand yesterday. ,He admitted having met
Dennery while he was in uniform and on
duty and of having had drinks with him
at different times. He distributed Den
nery election cards, having a supply at
Levin's stationery store which he drew on
as he required. A clerk in the store testi
fied to the fact that the police sergenant
having cards printed for distribution.
Ashe's attorneys charged Martin with in
fluencing Joe Woods, who was working
for Ashe, to change to the opposition just
before election day.
Registrar Riggy, J. M. Chase, a ballot
clerk; Thomas Bally and others testified
to what occurred in different voting
booths within the district in which the
contest between Ashe and Dennery was
wagerl.
Porter Ashe was granted a certificate
of election upon the showing having been
made that he received the largest number
of votes. He is seated in the Legislature
and voting.
ROBBED VACANT HOUSES.
John Anderson, a Desperate Thief,
Finally Landed in Prison.
A shabbily dressed man Riving his name
as John Anderson was arrested last night
by Policemen Brown and Ward while in
the act of breaking into the basement of
an unoccupied house at Geary and Gough
streets. He was taken to the City Prison
and looked in the tanks pending further
investigation. The police aro inclined to
believe that Anderson is the individual
who has entered a number of vacant
houses during the past few weeks and
stole a number of glass globes and brass
faucets. In several cases he almost
wrecked the places he visited, bo deter
mined was he not to leave anything of
value behind. Shortly after 7 o'clock last
night the policemen saw him approach
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the house on Gough street, and after look
ing around to see if anybody was watch
ing him, he at once broke the basement
window. He then crawled in through the
window and was in the act of examining a
brass faucet, preparatory to removing it,
when the officers entered the house and
placed him under arrest. He vigorously
resisted arrest, and it was with uifnculty
that he was subdued and finally hand
cuffed.
His description answers that of the des
perate thief who has depleted a number
of vacant houses in the Mission and \\ est
ern Addition during the past few weeks.
PASSING OF J. B. LABENT.
Death of One of Benicia's Oldest and
Most Prominent Residents.
General sorrow is expressed for the
death of John B. Labent, one of the old
est residents of Benicia, who passed away
last Wednesday, after a lingering illness.
His death is attributed to senile debility,
he being at the time of his demise in his
eeventy-sixth year.
Mr. Labent was born in Paris in 1823.
He came to this country in his eighth year
and here he has remained ever since.
Soon after arriving he obtained a posi
tion in Delmonico's Hotel in New York
City, where, after remaining for many
years, he left New York and came out to
accept the position of chief chef in the
Union Club of this city. Later on he
moved to Benicia, where he established
the Golden Age Hotel for the employes of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
When the company moved to this city
he abandoned the hotel and again re
turned to this city. Upon reaching here
he again started immediately to estab
lish a business of his own. Until ten
years ago he worked indefatigably. suc
ceeding in his original desire of a decent
fortune by hard work and assiduous ap
plication. At this time he returned to
Benicia, where he was appointed watch
man at the Agricultural Works. This po
sition he was compelled to resign, how
ever, a short time ago, owing to his rap
idly failing health.
In 1875 the deceased was foreman of
Phoenix Fire Engine Company No. 2,
and until his death was an active member
of the Society of Exempt Firemen. He
leaves two daughters and one son to
mourn his loss — Mrs. George F. Richards,
Mrs. M. M. Sweeney and John A. Labent.
Tho funeral services were held at St.
Dominic's Church yesterday morning at
10 o'clock.
This Week;s Wasp.
As bright and interesting as one could
wish it to be is the Wasp this week. Its
pages are livened with jokes and sketches,
and its contents are varied and enter
taining in the extreme. Beautiful half
tones are presented, among other things
portraits of the two Misses Spreckels, de
butantes of the week, being found on
page 7. On another page Is a full half
tone of the famous flyers of the Burns &
Waterhouse stable.
The music of the week is commented
upon by R. A. Luochesi, who reviews some
of the incidents that were found disturb
ing by those in attendance at the Rosen
thai recitals. Teresa Doane contributes
a couple of good stories in h/sr Social Side
Lights, and Sarah Williamson has a
charming little story, "Ovor the Cross
Bar." The theaters" receive light treat
ment from the facile pen of Touchstone,
and various notable local personalities are
commented upon in the editorial columns.
Byingion Still Gains.
Judge Belcher's ruling that all ballots
bearing a distinguishing mark are void
is injuring Contestant Dr. Peter A. Kear
ney to a much greater extent than Re
spondent L. F. Byington. Owing to this
ruling, Kearney lost forty-nine votes yes
terday, while Byington lost but forty-two.
Up to date Kearney has lost 113 votes and
Byington seventy-four. This gives By
ington an advantage of thirty-nine votes,
which, added to his majority of eighty
four votes, according to the official re
turns, puts him in the lead just 123 votes.
Kearney's adherents are not discouraged,
however, and candidly state that they
expect to lose until the south of Market
districts are reached; then, they say, the
tide will turn.
Old Suits Dismissed.
The old Twelfth District Court suits,
filed in 1559, in which Louis E. Ritter was
plaintiff, James Lafland defendant in one
and Charles Minturn defendant in the
other, were dismissed by Judge Dalnger
field yesterday. In both suits Ritter
sought to quiet title to property at Val
lejo and Front streets. The title to the
property has since passed into the hands
of Judge William T. Wallace, and it was
on his motion that tho suits were dis
missed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
Daughters Should be Carefully
Guided In Early Womanhood.
"What suffering frequently results
from* a mother's ignorance; or more
I frequently from a mother's neglect to
properly instruct her daughter I
Tradition says "woman must suffer,"
and young women are so taught.
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment and her mother should see
that she gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
i daughters to a physician for examina-
tion; but no mother need hesitate to
write freely about her daughter or
herself to Mrs. Pinkham and secure
i the most efficient advice without
charge. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass. i \ '
The following letter from Miss Marie
P. Johnson, Centralia, Pa., shows what
neglect will do, and tells how Mrs.
Pinkham helped her :
"My health became so poor that I
had to leave school. I was tired all the
time, and had dreadful pains in my
Bide and back. I was also troubled
with irregularity of menses. I was
very weak, and lost so much flesh that
my friends became alarmed. My
mother, who is a firm believer in your
j remedies from experience, thought per-
haps they might benefit me, and wrote
you for advice. I followed the advice
you gave, and used Lydia E. Pinkham's
I Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills as
you directed, and am now as well as I
ever was. I have gained flesh and have
| a good color. I am completely cured of
Irregularity."
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BE ALB ST&
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
■ NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market street, S. (Send for Circular.)
SDR. BALL'S REINYIGORATOit
Five hundred reward for any cans
we cannot cure. This secre: remedy
stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele.
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, to; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, : 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
) for Bale at 10734 Market St., S. P. - All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Bend for free book.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRACES BODY AND BRAIN
What Mariani Wine Docs to
Soothe, Strengthen and Sus-
tain the System.
Yin Mariani (Mariani Wine) is
recommended as a tonic by the medical
profession all over the world. It has
received written recommendations from
more than 8000 American physicians.
Mariani Wine soothes, strengthens
and sustains the system and braces
body and brain. It gives strength;
therefore may it be described as the
conqueror of disease and the promoter
of health and longevity.
Mariani . Wine is specially indicated
for malaria, fever and ague and all
miasmatic fevers. It promptly dispels
chills, abates malarial fever and gives
a sense of buoyancy and vigor.
Mariani Wine is furthermore of espe-
cial value in cases of Neuralgia, Nerv-
ous Debility, Muscular Relaxation,
Mental and Physical Depression and
Exhaustion, Overwork or Overstrain,
Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia, Loss of Appetite, Emaciation and
Consumption. It builds up the vital
forces and is a powerful rejuvenator.
It gives strength to the nervous sys-
tem, firmness and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. ■ It
benefits all.
Mariani Wine is palatable and suited
to the most delicate stomachs. In the
cases of pale, puny, sickly children it
is invariably used with great benefit.
For overworked men and delicate wo-
men Mariani Wine works wonders.
When the Grip (influenza) was epi-
demic in Europe, as also in this coun-
try, the medical profession relied upon
the tonic properties of Yin Mariani. It
was given as a preventive and also in
convalescence to build up the system
and to avoid the many disagreeable
after effects so common with this
dreaded disease.
Mariani Wine is sold by all druggists.
Try it and you will find that it will
well sustain its reputation. One word
of caution, however — no representa-
tion or explanation induce you to ac-
cept a substitute. "Just as good" us-
ually leads to disappointment.
To every one writing to Mariani &
| Co., 52 West Fifteenth street, New
j York City, will be sent, free, an inter-
! esting little book containing portraits
I and autographs of Emperors. Empress,
I Princes. Cardinals, Archbishops and
I other distinguished personages, indors-
I ing Yin Mariani. :
Use f*\ 8e
Woo.ibury's W**^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
Strictly antiseptic and purifying. Unequalled
for both bath and nursery. Makes the skin
i soft, smooth and white. Send 10 cents for
! Beauty Book, and receive samples of each,
free. JOHN H. WOODBURT. 26 W. 23d St.,
I New York, and 163 State St., Chicago.
l '
A PRESTIDIGITATOR
Can work no more magical effects than
we produce on soiled linen.
Our work is modern; our methods
perfect, and the magical effects of no
"saw edges" on garments leaving our
establishment is noticeable on every
one of our patrons' faces.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephona
South 420
go o op oooooooooooo(
gw PALACE wj
IGRAND uamh*i
q BAH PKAHCtaCO, \
5? Connected by a covered passageway. \
¥ 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. Q
I Q All, Voder One Management. Q
; A POT* TBB FRIOBS: <j
in European PI an. 81 .00 per day and Dpwu-4 *»
y American Plan. sB.oo per day and upward M
! ft Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 SCSI* 0. KI&&A7BI0K, Mia»g«r. Z
(Lq o q QOOOO OO OOQ ooqJbp
POkioheetcr's Ea«li»li Diamond Brand. '--
EHMYROYAL PILLS
~^K""V. Original and Only Genuine. A
a */ *n*<\ safe. i;-»ayi reliable. l*3ieb tit i»\
1 A ,71 V*- itfi I'ruKsiiit for Chlckatrfi Enqlith Dia-gjrbZ.
; fa** WT^dßTi f Brand in Red and Gold UllioVW-/
£^ .— !!>W»3bcica. lealad with blue ribbon. Take VBr
I*l 9% Ywilno other. Refute dangerout ruhititv ▼
I"I ■ — M Horn and imitation*. At Drojgliti, or tent 4«.
I W Jg In stv.npi for particular*, tntlmonUU and
\V* £§ "Relief for Ladles/ in utter, br return
: •A. if Mall. 10,000 Testimonials. Hear Piper.
„ v — "rClsl»>i»e»t<>r Chemical Co..M(nl(*ot»i»qßnr«,
•W *7 all Loc&l Oroggim PHIL AHA., A-
DKMCNULTY.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Special 1st crtrrs Private. Nervous, and .Blood Dis-
pases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
■WeuUnenses of Met), free. Over 20y'r»* experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
< to3 dally ;6.S0 to ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
| tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.or address
P. KOM'OK MeXUIiTY. M.D.
*fi'_ Kearny St., San Francisco. Col.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
j CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to 11 SO day;
$5 to $8 week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates in every
j room; elevator runs all night. .
CONCERTS AND BESORTS
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
TUESDAY EVENING, January Matinees
Wednesday and Saturday, January 18 and 21.
HELMONT. Violinist; IDA SIMMONS. Plan-
istei GRACE PRESTON, Contralto. Prices, $1
and 50c. Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'g.
XHE
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM ITO 11. ; 'j : ''
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSE 3.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
i Has removed from Burllnga.me to ■ Its new
I home at Menlo Park, San Mateo County: a.c-
-j credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business; next term begins January 16th. 18*9.
IK A G. HOITT, PH. D., Principal.
AMUSEMENTS^ „ , 1
Gflitfllfltt THEATER
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
EDWIN MAYO
In Frank Mayo' 8 Dramatization of Mark .
Twain's
PUDD'NHEAD WILSON.
EXTRA!— Beg. iVVONDAYv
Gus Heege' 8 Original Swedish Comedy Drama,
"YON YONSON."
Presented by a Strong: Cast. Headed by BEN
HENDRICKS.
SEATS NOW READY.
COLUMBIA v&
LAST 2 NIGHTS. MATINEE TO-DAT.
The Quaint Comedian,
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Uproariously Funny Comedy,
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
EXTRA— Beg. Next Monday
FRANK DANIELS
And His Entire Comic Opera Company,
In the Great Success,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
Exactly as Produced In New York.
' SEATS NOW READY.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
LAST NIGHT 0F ._ _<
AUGUSTUS DALV'S
Brilliant Comedy Success.
--'♦•"• • i nc/ • • •
MAGISTRATE
Delightfully presented, with perfect stage ap-
pointments.
ISS prices fg^:
N. B.— Owing to the death of Mrs. Reyna
Belasco there will be no performance Sunday
NEXT— HOYT'S "A TEMPERANCE TOWN."
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JAN. 14.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
BARTON HILL AND CHARLES WILLARD.
Supported by Ella Sothern and Lucila Nunn.
In Milton Nobles' Farce, "BELINDA BAI-
LEY'S BOARDERS."
KRAUSE .AND ROSA, and Their "Dutch
Pickaninnies."
VOULETTE AND CARLOS, Balancing Acro-
bats.
GEORGE EVANS, Monologue Artist.
PAPINTA! PAPINTA!
ANNA TERESA BERGER. DELTORILLiI
BROS. AND THE RAPPO SISTERS.
Seats now on sale for Children's Hospital
Benefit. Wednesday, January 18.
MORQSCO'S GRAND- '
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON.
LAST WEEK! LAST WEEK!
OF
HI HENRY'S
- — BIG _ \
MINSTREL
XfJL AGGREGATION. J-i
50— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS— SO
CROWDED HOUSE NIGHTLY.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
EVERYTHING NEW.
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT— LAST OF THE
■ ' SEASON
POPULAR PRICES .*..' 10c. 25c. 500
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
LAST 4 PERFORMANCES.
BRING THE CHILDREN TO THE MATINEH
TO-DAY
TO SEE JOHN F. WEI'S BIG SPECTACU-
LAR PRODUCTION OF
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Only Legitimate Organization Now Prop-
erly Presenting This Ideal American Drama.
20 COLORED 40 PEOPLE 20 WHITE.
FAMILY MATINEE
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY.
Matinees . Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— lsc, 25c. 36c. 50c.
Matinees— lsc and 25c.
Seats on Sale Box Office and Emporium.
January 16— New Musical Comedy, "TWO
MARRIED MEN." •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and. Mgiv
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
LAST TIMES OF
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
thTyellow dwarT"
NEXT WEEK NEXT WEEK
The Eastern operatic success
THE WEDDING DAY.
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto,
MISS BERNICE HOLMES.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
jj. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... 2so
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
DOG STAKE! OR
_ W W
FORTY COURSES EACH DAY!
Take a Mission-street car and it will land you
at the gates.
ADMISSION, 23c. LADIES FREE.
P^N I r> INGLESIDE
,UfJi V>> TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant In America."-.
Chicago Chronicle. - ;
I FIVE OR MORE
I RACES DAILY!
CiTITDniV —THE SAN RAFAEL STAKE:
jAILMDAI SELLING: ONE MILE:
Thirty-seven Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street*
every . three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. i" ;?,1 :
the ili call;
61 per Year*
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged!
Whent futures declined.
Barley and Oats quiet.
< urn and Rye lower.
" Numerous changes in Beans.
Mustard Seed lower and Alfalfa Seed higher.
Hay and Feedstufts unchanged,
tjuicksilver advanced.
Si.mo changes in Metals.
Grain Bags advanced.
'"Ps flFm and Onions easy.
Butter steady and Eggs firm.
Poultry and liame about the same.
Limes very scarce.
« 'ranges and Apples plentiful.
Raisins quoted weak in New York.
Hides very firm.
firmer. Mutton and Pork higher.
Great falling off in Wheat exports.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTTJFFS.
Bxporta of Flour from this port in IS9S were
510.901 bbls.. against $73,363 in K97. Inducing
this Flour to a Wheat basis and adding it
to the exported Wheat gives total exports of
Wheat from this port in 1898 of (,406,600 ctls.,
valued at $9,082,500. against 12,116.500 ctls., at
■ IflT. The dry year Of 1597-9S was
the cause of this sharp tailing off In these ex
ports.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port in IS9S
wore 23,156 flasks, against 15,008 in 1897. Th*
exports by sea were 6195 flasks, valued at
. against 543$ flasks, at $193,233, In 1897.
HIDES AND TALI.OW.
The circular of the Sumner Tanning Com
pany says:
The Eastern trade has been in our market
for certain lines of hides, which have taken
away all surplus stocks', and values there
fore have been well sustained.
lines of leather have been active, and ,
in consequence the heavy c.ass of hides rules :
m \■ ry lilieral tigtires. We are in'-linPij to
think that the present prices will continue for
time at least.
Wet Baited Heavy Steers are In demand for
harness and skirting.
Wet Salted Medium a*»«l Light Steers are
fairly active.
Wet Baited Cows sell readily.
Wei Baited Veal, Kip and Calf are active and
rule at full rates.
Deer Skins continue rather quiet, although
sales are made at very fair figures. Cali
fornia Deer Skins ar- virtually prohibited by
law. hut larpp quantities of these skins come
tfi this market from foreign point;;, and from
tho Northern and Western States. The sum- ;
mer skins are in demand. Th«> medium of |
fail skins are quiet, but the winter, thin or
paper skins are very dull at low rates.
The tallow market continues fairly active. '
and good grades of tallow bring full prices, i
The dry season in California has materially
lessened the output of tallow, and the sup- '
plies which are now received are hardly guf
<?cient for the demands of trade. Clean, hard,
bright tallow Is In demand at full prices. The
No, ! stock is at times rather quiet.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.46 15.44 16.51
lied Bluff 0.20 11.25 6.27
Sacramento 0.14 6.89 5.04
Ban Francisco 0.22 7.17 4.75
Fresno 0.00 3.5S 2.22
San Luis 0bi5p0. ..:... 0.00 '6.M 2.40
Los Angeles 0.00 i.BB 3.77
San Diego 0.00 3.41 2.94
Yunia 0.00 1.33 1.02
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
49; minimum, 44; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm which was noted oft the Oregon
and Washington coast last evening has appar
ently divided, a small portion going east at a
high latitude and the larger portion recurving
to the •rest. The pressure has risen over Ore
gon and Washington In the last 12 hours, except j
a slight fall at Spokane. ■
The weather is clear In Western Oregon and i
on the extreme northwest coast of California;
elsewhere it is cloudy and generally threaten
ing. Rain has fallen throughout . Oregon and
Washington, and in California from San Fran- •
cisco northward.
Conditions are very unsettled and showers
are probable in California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight January 14, 1899:
« Northern California — Showers Saturday;
fresh to brisk southerly wind.
Southern California— Showers Saturday; fresh
southwest wind.
Nevada— Scattered snows Saturday.
Utah— Light snow Saturday.
Arizona — Probably showers Saturday.
San Francisco and — Cloudy and prob
ably showers Saturday; fresh to brisk southerly
wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— wind
southeast, 24 miles: temperature. 40; maxi
mum temperature, 40. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Stocks again made
further progress upward to-day and In some
capes the advances were considerable. Tran
sactions In stocks were over a million, mak
ing the third million-share day this week, |
while on the other days trading was little short |
of the million-share mark. Transactions so
far this week have exceeded those of any sim
ilar period in the exchange's history. London
in the early trading was a purchaser, but sub- i
sequently the preponderance of arbitrage deal
ings were' sales. There was an hour's delay
In transmission of cables, and this largely
restricted the foreign transactions. Commis- !
sion houses and traders were both purchasers
In the general list. Interest frequently fluc
tuated from one stock to another, and when j
any stock started upward a following con- |
tinued the rise. The reduction in the floating !
supply In the prime dividend paying stocks ,
and their attendant higher level lea to re
newed interest in the lower-priced stocks. I
There was a large demand for the standard I
stocks, the Grangers and New York Central
leading. Burlington, Rock Island and St. Paul
made the best prices In years. Burlington
made an extreme gain of 2% on expectation
that the December statement would be very
favorable. This statement, however, is not
due for two weeks yet. Among the low-priced
stocks which were in keen request were the
Pacifies and Southern Railway, . which ad
vanced 1 and 1> 2 respectively for the preferred
and common. The greatest rise of the day
was made by New York Airbrake, . with 10
points. The confident assertion that Brooklyn
Transit had acquired control of the Nassau
Electric Railway resulted In an extreme gain
of V-4 for that stock, most of which it re
tained. In the afternoon the speculative lead
ers became dull for a bit, but assumption of |
enormous purchases In the Pacifies was accom- i
panied by an Increase of business in the rest j
of the list. Profit-taking toward the end ren
dered some of the stocks decidedly weak, while
generally a gocd tone prevailed.
Bond prices generally moved upward with
some usually neglected shares figuring promi
nently in the market. Total sales, $4,650,000.
United States n«>w 4s coupon advanced %, and i
do registered, the 3s and the old 4s coupon,
\i In the bid price.
Total sales of stork to-day were < 1.033,400
shares, including:, Atchlson, M2O; Atchison pre
ferred. 21.120: Central Pacific, 36.520; Burling
ton, 39,610; Great Northern preferred, 4610;
Ixnilsville and Nashville, 15,830; Manhattan j
68.020; Reading, preferred 11,610; Missouri Pa
cific, 19,100; Missouri. Kansas an.; Texas pre- '
ferred. ?620; Northern Pacific, 14.370; Northern
Pacific preferred, 17.2.'0; Reading. 13,220; Rock
Island, 16,920; Union Pacific, 40,220; St. 1 Paul
31.120; Southern Pacific, 39,400; Southern. 63 400-
Southern preferred, 25,400; Texas and Pacific"
4*00; Union Pacific preferred. 13,280: ', Cotton
Oil 26,980; American Spirits 3120; To
bacco. 3920; Steel. 23.820: Steel preferred '30 -
200; People's Gas, 10.720; Brooklyn Rapid
Transit. 68.400; Lead 5560: Pacific Mall 24 100-
Sugar. 40.250; 'Leather, 4145; Leather preferred.'
M2O; Western Union, 43,420; Chicago and Great
Western, 15,350.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison -'1% So Pacific ......... 39%
Do prefd 56* St L & S W s ■.
' Baltimore & Ohio. CSVi Do prefd "lij
Canada Pacific... S6 St Paul 12414,
.Canada Southern.. to Do prefd 167
Cent Pac 46% St P. & Om 9714
• •her & Ohio •;-,% Do prefd ....... 167
Chi & Alton 167 St V M & M.. 180
Chi B & Q 180 .So Railway .... 1254
Chi & E 111 61 Do prefd '46?
Do prefd 114 Texas & Pacific 18V,
Chi <; W ls»4 Union Pacific .... 46H
Chi Ind ft L 9 • Do prefd . . 7*2
Do prefd v 34 U PD & G 13%
Chi & N W 144W Wabash ;.. s%
Do prefd IS7 Do prefd 23
C <■ C & St L.... 47',i Wheel & L E.... 64
Do prefd 97 Do prefd,... 26%
Del Hudson 11l Express Companies—
Del L & W 167* Adams Ex ....... .108
Del & Rio G 20% American Ex ......142U
Do prefd 7014 United States .... 59
Erie new IJH Wells Fargo 128
• DO Ist prefd .... 38% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne I*2 A Cot Oil .......... 3 6 i;
Gt Nor prefd...... 161% Do prefd .... 88
Hocking Vnl 2% Aran Spirits 137;
Illinois Cent ......116% Do prefd .:...... 38U I
Lake Erie & W.... 17* Am Tobacco 14774
Do prefd ... 66>,i: Do prefd .... 138
' Lake Shore IM Cons Gas ......189
Louis & Nash 66 Vi Com Cable Co 17:, ; ;
Manhattan L 108? g Col f & Iron 34U I
Met St Ry .......190 - 1 Do prefd 94- I
Mich Cent ........IJ2 1 Gen Electric ...... MO
Minn &St L 3S Haw Coml Co .... 5514
Do Ist prefd...... 97Vi Brooklyn R T .. 94V,
Mo Pacific .".4«Vi Intnl Paper ..;... :G2%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 36% 1 Do prefd ........ 934
Mo X & T ...14 Laclede Gas ...;.. 54%
Do prefd • .........39 Lead ........... ..V. 35%
N J Central 102 Do prefd 11314
•N V Central ......124% Nat I. in Oil ...... Bi£
N V Chi & St L.. !4Vi Pacific Mall ....... 46
Do Ist prefd 70 People Gas ......1114
Do 2d prefd 23Vi Pullman Pal ......161H'
Nor West 10 Silver Cert........ 53%
No Amer Co 7 Standard R & T.. 10
No Pacific .... 47"* Sugar 127
Do prefd 75% Do prefd 11l j
Ontario & W 19 ; T C & Iron 36%
' Or R & Nay A 9% US leather ...... 7
!Or Short Line .... 45% Do prefd 71%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 86 US Rubber 46V*
Do 2d prefd 65 Do prefd 114
Pittsburg ..........180 " West Union .. 94%
Reading 23 Federal Steel .... 51%
Do Ist prefd...... 56%! Do prefd 83
R G W 29%;0r Nav> prefd 70% |
Do prefd 68 Pacific Coast 47
Rock Island 115% Colo Southern .... 7%
St L & S F 9% Do Ist prefd. 56
Do prefd 67% I Do 2d prefd 22Vi
Do 2d prefd .... 36 I
, : -'•'■■ CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3s ...;. 107%, Do 4s M 7»
1' S new 4s reg. . . 12!» 1 >- .1 C .'»s 114%
Do coup North Carolina 65. 130
U S 4s 112% Do 4s .....103
Do coup 113VNo Pac lsts 115% .
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 69%
USasreg 113% Do 4s 102%
Do 5s coup 113% N V C & 8 I. 45.. .106
District 3.0.-,s : 118 iNor & WUs 125
Ala class A.". 107 Northwest consols. l 42
Do B ...107- Do deb 5s 119
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 113%
Do currency 100 p Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 100% O S Line 6s tr 130%
Do «dj 4s SO OS Line 5s tr....109%
Can So 2ds 110 Reading 4s 86%
C & O 4%s 92% |{ G \V lstß 92
Chicago Term 45.. 94% Bt I. <$• I M Con 55.107%
C & Ohio 5s IIS Xt L& S F Gen 65.123
C H & D 4%5......104% St P Con 161
D & R G lsts 108 Vi Bt.P C & P. 15t5.. 119
D & R G4s 100% Do 5s ..; 120
Kast Term lsts.... 103% So Ky 5s 105 Vi
Erie Gen 4s 73% Standard R & T 6s 57%
F W & D sts tr.. S5 renn new pet 35.. 96% ,
Gen Elec 5s 110 rex Pac L G 15t5.109%
C II & B A 6s 107 Do Reg 2ds 47%
Do 2ds 103 7 lit D& G lsts... 91 .
II & T Css no IVatfcish Ist u5.. ..1i:: 1 *
Do con 6s 112 Do 2ds 97
lowa C lsts 108 W Shore 45... 11!%
La new consols 45. 109 Va Centuries'.'..-... 85
L & N Unl 4s 96% Do deferred 7%
Missouri 6s 100 Wis Cent 15t5.:.... 62%
M X & T 2d5...... 70 Colo Southern 45.. !>7
N V Central Jsts.. lls*4 -'->'
... MINING STOCKS.
Chollar :* 10 Ontario 587
Crown Point 10 ophtr 45
Con Cal & Va.... 1 15 Plymouth .., 10
Dead wood " 45 Quicksilver 150
Gould ft Curry .. 20. Do proUl 500
Hale & Norcross.. 10 Slrrra Nevada .... 65
Homestake 50 00 Standard .2 00
Iron Silver 70, Union Con 26
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket .... 15
; BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westingh Elec ... 44%
Call loans 2<j?3 Do prefd 63
Time loans 3ijj'4 Gen Elec prefd... 163
■ Stocks Atchison prefd .... .".fi 1 *
AT&St Fe 21% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 127.i Atchison 4s 99';
Do prefd 111% Wls Cent Us 130%
Bay State Gas .... 5% Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 294 Allouez Mln C 0...: 6%
Boston & Albany. .L'.il Atlantic 33
Boston & Maine. .l7l Boston & Mont 276
Boston L 85 Butte & Boston 83*, j
Chi Bur & Q......130% Calumet & Hec!a..635 j
Fitchburg 114 Centennial 34% ;
Gen Electric 100% Franklin □
Mexican Cent .... 5% Osceola 81%
N V <£• N Eng.... 93 Quincy US
Old Colony 199% Tamarack 195 !
Or Short Line .... 44% Humboldt 2% j
Rubber ■!<; Wolverine 37 i
Union Pac 45'-^ Union Land 11 *
West End 94 Parrott 3C»i
Do prefd 113 Adventure 9% I
Ed Elec Tel Do Winona 14%
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— Money on call I
steady at 2>« | s2 1 2 per cent. Last loan. 2"-? per
cent.' Prime mercantile paper, 3@3*i per cent.
Sterling exchange firmer, with actual business j
in bankers' bills at $4 s4-v.«4 85 for demand and
at $4 82<S4 82*-, for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 S3@4 ST. I*.1 *. Commercial bills. $4 8194 siu.
Silver certificates, nominal, 59?z60Hc. Bar sli
ver, OS 1 *!-. Mexican dollars. 47c. Government
bonds, strong. Railroad bonds, strong.
CONDITION' OF THE TREASURY.
"WASHINGTON*. Jan. To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance,' J290.501.321; gold re
serve, $237, 259,766.
LONDON FINANCIAL' MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Settlement ami ' telegraphic interruptions re
tarded business here to-day. The tone was
firm. Paris was almost entity -shut off. '
Americans opened dull, while profit-taking
proceeded with fair activity. New York quo
tations were delayed till near the close, when
the market was strengthened and became
lively. There was active bidding for Southern.
Railway securities, and the general feeling of
cheerfulness pervaded the market.
Copper was good. TlntOß touched 33%. Ana
condas opened at 716 to end In March; £131,000
gold in bars was taken by the bank at 77s 30d.
CLOSE.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— Canadian Pacific. 88%; ■
Grand Trunk, 7%: bar sliver, steady, 27% d per
ounce; money, l'<s per cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: All records of
sustained bullish movements in Wall street
have been broken. This week has seen suc
cessive dally transactions of 1,000,000 shares or
more, with higher quotations throughout the
share list. Ordinarily the extreme activity and
the no less extreme prices would suggest that
the market was nearing a culmination, as was
the case in 18S1, when the last speculative ex
treme was about to terminate. The confident
j sentiment which has brought the public Into
i the street seems, however, to be undlminished,
and though the conservative Interests deprecate
the rapidity with which the market seems to
I be moving to an extreme it is admitted, that
present favorable financial and other condi
tions, as well as the greatly augmented facili
ties for speculation which It enjoys, render It
! futide to form conclusions about the imme
diate future based on former experiences.
It is not probable that this week the market
has presented growing evidences of manipula
i tion and of a decided increase in the amount
! of purely speculative purchasing in contrast
i with the Investment demand for securities,
I which was so notably displayed prior to Janu-
I ary 1. An Important indication of this is fur
i nished by the comparatively smaller dealings
in bonds. In the face of the enlarged volume
of stock sales, and by the tendency of the
former class of values to recede a little from
their • recent ■ high level.
There has also been a great deal of irregu
larity in the movement of different parts of
tr<? list, some groups of. stocks presenting .the
appearance of taking profits, while others ad
vanced.' The participation of the public in the
movement can be gauged by the volume of or
ders executed by commission houses for local
and out-of-town speculators. Chicago alone
furnished a large amount of business. As was
the case. in the preceding week the disposition
seems to be to follow the leaders of the specu
lative world in whatever direction they mdi
' cate, though when one part of the list Is ter
n! porarily abandoned, and the realizing sales
cause recessions, sufficient buying seemed to
■ develop to prevent the declines from being at
] all severe. ■ London has not been an important
factor. Although Americans were the active
feature there and the British public seems in
clined to buy there was heavy foreign realizing
and arbitrage brokers are known to have bor
rowed large amounts of stocks, estimated ,as
high as 100.000 shares. and. representing securi
ties which are being returned. This fact is
cited as a reason for • the steadiness of ex
change rates In spite of the heavy. current ex
ports. The market here, however, has appar
ently concluded to disregard London's market-
Ing of securities here, and may find good reason
| for it in the declaration made this week by
: the head of a large banking institution' there
that at present, owing to the exceptional posi
tion of the United States, Instead of London
financing ■ New York It is New. York.who Is
financing London. •
The money-market has in fact given no In
j dication that would - furnish grounds for ap
i prehension, much less for bearishness. Its ease
has Increased. if anything., and the "street"
has also realized the advantage to the market
at a Juncture like the present of the Stock
Exchange clearlng-hous»e, which  largely ob
viates the actual -employment of funds. At
the same time It would seem that lenders of
money hnve displayed a little but significant
disfavor toward the newer class of Industrials
as collateral, particularly stocks of that kind
which were beinir advanced too rapldlv. This
was apparently responsible fr,r one of the chief
incidents of the week, which involved a change
in the activity of l»adiner operatirs and bull
pools from industrials and specialties back to
the so-called standard stocks, that Is to say,
the dividend-paying railroad shares.
BANK CLEARINGS
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear-
Ings at ninety-two cities for the week ended
January 12. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York J1.27M22.659 43.6
Boston 149,991.4:.:, 23.4
Chicago 135.0R3.939 25.7
Philadelphia 59.332.442 16.2
St. Louis 33.323.834 5.S
Pittsburg 22.715.230 15. 7
Baltimore 23.045.779 1«,3
San Francisco 15.1.',0.998
Cincinnati 17.069.400 IS.O
Kansas City 11.404. 596 4.3
New Orleans 12,5:J1.."2T 2.4
Minneapolis 10,C5»,390 19.5
Detroit 8,343,643 22.2
Cleveland 9,87r..5R2 29.0
Louisville x.r,5i.619 29.8
Providence 7.216.000 16.9
Milwaukee C.754.548 40.2
fit. Paul 4.875.483 15.6
Buffalo 4,812.457 7.7
Omaha 7,966,178 39.1
Indianapolis 7,445,3.'>4 24.4
Columbus, 0hi0.... 6,841.500 17.0
Savannah 2.816.206 6.8
Denver 3.573.520 47.0
Hartford 8,298.458 .... 5.1
Richmond 4.309,266 64.2
Memphis 2,851,339 ,. 21.6
THE SAN FB AS CISCO CALL, SATttKPAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
Washington 2.R06.154 21.2
Peoria 1.905.452 .... 1.1
Rochester 2.268.504 34.5
New Haven 2,421,578 30.3
Worcester 1,726,098 40.1
Atlanta 1,844,673 4.1
Salt Lake City 2.414,967 45.9
Springfield. Mass.. 1.712.464 4.7
Forth Worth 2,182,935 25.4
Portland, Me 1,811,307 2.1
Portland, Or 1,666.517 ■ 20.8
St. Joseph 2.449,206 55..
Los Angeles 1,658.743 19.0 ....
Norfolk 1,372,537 43.8 ....
Syracuse 1,634,227 42.4 ....
Dcs Molnes 1,891.6<il "6.4
Nashville 1,593.127 10.3 .... j
Wilmington, Del... 995,472 24.2
Fall River 1,065,151 6.2
Grand Rapids 1,145.242
Scranton 1,038.412
Augusta, Ga 777,900 6.8
Lowell 834.121 J5. 1
Dayton, Ohio 955.212 14.5
Seattle 1,201,853 4.3
Tacoma 726.985 .... 23.6
Spokane 1,122,029 48.0
Sioux City 962,879 28.4
New Bedford 679,958 21.2
Knoxville, Term... 557,229 3.1 .... ;
Topeka Ssr.lOl 67.6
Birmingham 497,193 3.3 .... I
Wichita 423.952 .... 16.5
Binghamton 462,800 14.9
Lincoln 454,880 11.2
Lexington, Ky 651,576 11.7
.lacksonvllle, Fla.. 273,709 7.0
Kalamazoo 409.849 9.9
Akron 393,800 2C.3
Bay City 188,860 .... 21.9
Chattanooga 351,595 .... 2-0
Kurkford, 111 265.247 6.7
Canton, Ohio 234,000 20.6
Springfield, 0hi0... 288,676 42.5
Fargo, N. D 2»,SBS
Sioux Fall*, S. I).. 118,873 3.5
Hastings, Neb 112.472 24.4
Fremont, Neb 138.563 25.4
Davenport 691,081 5..".
Toledo 1,775.327 .... 13.5
Galveston 7.903,900 10.6
Houston 7,16t;.41s 4.4
Youngstown 299,015 8.5
•Macon r.84,000
•Kvaasvllle 700,599 —
•Helena r.TT.r.97
•Little Rock 412,458 .... ....
Totals, U. S $1, 940, 605, 370 34.5
Totals outside N.
V 661.982,711 19.6 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal % 15,323,293 .... 4.7
Til unto 10,939,206 .... 19.0
Winlpeg 1,885.503 14.6
Halifax l.itt.Stl 30.2
Hamilton 786,428 7.5
St. John, N. H 580,156 .... 12.1
Victoria H78.3P4 .... ....
♦Vancouver 615,976 — .... |
Totals $ 31.238,927 5.4
•—Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
DUNS REVIEW OF TRADE.
XKW YORK. Jan. 13— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Contrary to the French saying the expected
has occurred. Rapid advance in prices of iron
and steel products have had their immediate j
effect, perhaps not to the lasting benefit of j
the industry, for there is the same reason for
doubt as to its permanency as in 1895, when
shrinkage of buyers and reaction soon carried i
prices lower than before. But there is now j
larger demand for many other products, and j
without unwieldy combinations all are doing i
well. Throughout the country was never as j
strong financially, as even governors of Lon- I
don banks admit, one stating that as London
has financed America heretofore, now, for the I
first time. New York is financing Europe. No
evidence of weakness is seen In the other j
branches of industry nor in those upon which
the great excess of expotts most tlepend.
Wheat and cotton still go out largely. Eu- |
rope is buying because it has needs and New
York is lending to Europe nobody knows how
many millions because there Is for the present
no need to call loans. The receipt of $2.50H.u0u
gold from Australia Is announced at San
i-'rancisco.
Americans are in the humor to invest In their
own country and have a great amount of
money to put out without recalling any of
their loans to Europe, so that the heaviest
transactions ever known in the Stock Exchange !
have occurred during the week without the |
evidence of reaction for which many strong
operators have been looking.
In products, also, the position of the coun
try grows stronger. Last year's exports of
wheat and corn were fur beyond all precedent. |
but the past week has seen exports of 4.23;i,C>0 ;
bushels of wheat, flour included, against 3,216,- ',
*70 last year from Atlantic ports, and in two j
weeks 9,452,109, against (,086,788 last year, be- |
Eides expoits in two weeks from Pacific ports i
of 1,724, (if.l bushels, against 2.340,009 last year.
It Is quite impossible to account for such
movements on the theory that at current prices I
this country is underselling the world and has |
great quantities yet to move at similar prices.
There was an advance of l'*c in wheat dur- I
ing the week, and lc in coin, without any ;
indication that supplies are running short, and
the Western receipts of wheat have been in
two weeks 5,649,!>99 bushele, against 5,553,250 j
last year.
Neither is there evidence c,t weakness in the j
great industries. The output of plgiron Janu- ]
ary 1 was 243,516 tons, against 86.5Z8 December ;
1, showing a product of about 8000 tons weekly
more than has been estimated, with a further
decrease of 37.444 tons in stocks unsold during
December. But while the Australian order for j
37,000 tons is still on the market, with another !
European order for 15,000 tons plates, the mills !
are so .crowded that prices are moving up rap-
Idly. Bessemer plgiron is only 10c higher at
Pittsburg and gray forge 13c. but plates were
advanced 10c by the combination. Minor metals
are also stronger, tin having risen in sympathy
with I»ndon to 22c, copper to 13.62 c and lead
to 4c, heavy consuming demand helping in each '
ca.se. The new combination in tin plates has I
i advanced the price to $3 per box at the works.
j There have also been large demands for struc-
I tural work. lii.OCO tons in bridges and buildings
I at Chicago.
Wool is stiffly held at the West, although nt
i Boston Ohio is quoted at 26% c, but much higher
j at Philadelphia. The woolen industry has been j
! hampered beyond nil expectations by the prices ;
; demanded for wool, with the extraordinary
i stocks yet unsold.
Failures for the week have been 318 In the |
United States, against 349 last year, and 24 In j
Canada, against 45 last year.
I BRADSTfIEETS ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
I
NBW "JORK, Jan. 13.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will t»ay: Perhaps the most notable feat
ate of fie trade situation at present Is the
Mrength of prices of nearly all staples from
some par-s, particularly of cereals, cotton. Iron
I and steel which have apparently gained fur-
I ther grot nd since the first of the year. Ex
j plnnatlon of the strength of wheat Is. of
! course, fi und In the good cash demand which
1 s«ems to meet any slight reaction in values
j "and whic 1 has placed the price as high as at
I any prevlpus time for three months pajpt. This
I cereal an|l corn are both In exceptionally good
' demand abroad. Judging from the large ex
j ports reported and foreign demand Is likewise
I the secre): of strength in cotton, shipments of
: which continue heavy. A feature of dealings
| in this staple is the steady demand for good
I grades and the Indifference manifested toward
| low grades, which, owing to bad weather at
the Soutfi. have been larger than the usual
supply. Cotton manufacturers, indeed, have
; been complaining for some time of the low
(•pinning [quality and waste of the present Crop.
While lalrge sales of iron and steel are not
so numerous as In recent weeks, further ad
vances |;t prices, notably of piglron, steel
billets, plates and rods, bear testimony to the
; easerneu of buyers to secure supplies and the
almost corresponding indifference of the trade
I toward rlew business, order books of most of
] the mllH being reported well filled. Plgiron
production is the heaviest ever known, but
■tockl show further depletion. The successful
floating ; of a number of large consolidations
in this (Industry of late has stimulated in
terest and discussion In further considerations.
The formation of syndicates, however, is riot
confined to iron and steel, because within the
week th<Te are reports of a projected great
syndicates having for Its object the securing
of control of the entire Cuban tobacco sup
ply this year. Among other rumors of con-
Bolldatloifis Is the story from the Pacific Coast
of a proposed consolidation of salmon canner
ies. Tint plates show the effect of the con
solidation In this line in an advance rrom the
low figure reached some months ago. The
strength of cotton goods is still a feature of
the dry goods market, but the hoped for ad
vance in raw wool has not yet materiali7.ed
and the trade In manufactured woolens is still
slow. The feeling of confidence in the lum
ber trade Is unabated and an active demand
is lookeil for in the spring, the strength of
hard wood being a particular feature in this
connection. Prices for boots and shoes are held
steady, and the outlook Is regarded as favor
able. Leather, too. Is firm, and hides are In
.sympathy? In other Industries activity Is a
feature, a notable Instance being the heavy
vessel tonnage now being built both at the
lakes and on the coast, aggregating for mer
cantile and national purposes, a total claimed
| to be far In excess of ahy previous period in
the country's history.
Wheat. , including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 5,647.711 bushels, against 6,680,
--26.1 bushels last week; 5.299,517 bushels in the
1 corresponding week of 189S; 3.499,154 bushels
i in 1897; 3,202,124 bushels in 1896. and 3.564,4?.9
• bushels In UK. Since July 1. this season, the
exports of wheat aggregate 134.036,048 bushels
against 137.742,801 bushels last year.
Business failures for the week show quite
nn increase over the preceding week, number
ing 393. against 237 last week, but compared
with 323 In this week a year ago; 427 in 1897'
412 in 18ftfi. and 378 in 1895.
j Canadian failures for the week number thlr
| ty-four. against twenty-six last week flfty-
I eight in this week a year ago, fifty-nine in
1597. seventy-four in 1896. and sixty-three In
189 S.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts.
30,381 bbls; exports, 20,577 bbls; rather more ac
tive until checked by the late break In wheat,
closing unsettled.
WHEAT— Receipts. 128,800 bush; exports, 58.
--079 bush. Spot steady; No. 2 red, 80>^c. Op
tion!} opened strong and more active. Local
shorts and outsiders bought on the expected
strength of Liverpool cables, but on later
dullness took profits and started a reaction,
which Uft final prices unchanged from the
previous day and the tone unsettled. A good
i export t fade late in the day wag offset partly
by ' light - clearances and a shrinkage of out
side business. March was 78%c@78 13-lbc,
closed 78% c.
HOPS— Steadier.
WOOL— Steady. • ' , .
' METALS — Though displaying underlying
firmness, tin. went off 25 points further to-day
with buyers ;at the close showing more hesi
tation than has been noted at any time dur
ing the recent upward movement. Copper,' on
the other hand, moved up 10 to 25 points, with
holders entertaining most arbitrary ' views at
the end of the session on decidedly bullish ad
vices in the West and assurances from the
English market that the foreign trade was
prepared to follow suit in any further bull
movement here. The rest of the list ruled
firm in tone, but changes of note were lacking.
At the close the Metal Exchange called plg
iron warrants firm at $8, nominal.
■ LAKE COPPER — Strong and higher. $13 85
bid. $14 25 asked. -
TlN— Firm, $21 7." bid and $22 asked.
LEAD— Strong. $4 10 bid, $4 15 asked.
SPELTER— Firm. $.'» 25 bid and $5 35 asked.
The brokers' ' prices ; for lead were $.3 'J2%
and for copper $14 25. ■ ■
COFFEE— Options opened steady at un
changed prices, closed dull at unchanged
prices to 5 points higher. Pales, 1250 bags, in
cluding January. $5 45; March, $5 65; December.
$6 15. Spot Coffee— Dull, but about steady;
No. 7 Invoice, 6%c: No. 7 jobbing, 7%c. Mild,
quiet! Cordova. 7%@15c. . '
SUGAR— Raw shows less firmness following
weak English cables. Fair refining, 3 13-16 c
bid; centrifugal.' 96 test. 4u- 16c; molasses
sugar. 3 9-16 c: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3267 packages. Steady;
Western creameries, 15@21c; . Elelns, 21c; fac
tory, 12<3H%e.
EGGS— Receipts. 3172 packages. Steady;
Western, 21c; Southern, 22c.
DRIED FRUITS. >1 . r
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7%@Sc;
prime wire tray, S%@S%c; choice, 9@9' ; ic; fancy,
10c. " \ j
PRUNES-3%@10%c. « ]_/
APRICOTS— ll@14c; Moorpark, 13SKe\
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9©llc; peeled, 21!&23^
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13.— Unexpected strength at
Liverpool, where the market was quoted %d
higher, notwithstanding the -weakness here
yesterday, started wheat strong. This ad
vance, which was wholly independent of any
shown conditions, made shorts somewhat nerv
ous, and instead of May wheat being pressed
for sale at 70% c, as it was yesterday after
noon, there were buyers anxious to get it at
from 71>,i@71%c. Local professionals, who. al
most to a man, have sold wheat short for a
week, placed very little confidence in the open
ing rally, and in accordance with their views,
sold on the advance. When May rose to
71%@71%c during the next half hour, they sold
acaln. and in the next half hour had the
satisfaction of a decline to 71c. New York
wired early in the day that the foreign de
mand for wheat and corn had Improved and
there was a good amount reported disposed
of at Kansas City for direct export by way of
Gulf ports. This held the market fairly
steady until renewed reports from Argentina,
claiming that the weather was all that could
be desired and that the exportable surplus
was being enlarged, started longs selling on a
more elaborate scale. May got down to 70% c
and closed at 70% c buyers.
Continued wet weather and the wheat rally
strengthened corn at .the start. Heavy re
ceipts were against the price, however, and as
the market was glvrn little support, free sell
ing against calls soon caused a feeling of de
pression to set in. May closed at 37% c buyers.
A good cash, demand and speculative buying
helped oats. Prices were not maintained,
however, as the market eased off in sympathy
with corn. May closed at 27 s c.
Further taking of profits by recent bulls In
provisions caused another slight decline in
prices. The market was burdened through
out the session by a poor shipping demand lor
meats and lower prices for hogs at the yards.
May pork opened 2%c lower at $10 15, closed at
$10 05§10 07%. The range In lard and ribs was
Inconsequential. -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t—
January — — — 67%
May 71% 71% 70% 70%
July .... 69% 69% 65% 68%
Corn, No. 2—
January 8614 35' i 34% 34%
May 37% 37% 37 37%
July 37% 38 37% 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 2814 28% 27% 27%
July, 26% 26% 26% 26%
Men Pork, per 100 pounds-
January ■ 9 75
May ........: 10 15 10 15 10 05 10 07%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 5 57% 5 57% 550 560
May ~ 575 5 77% 570 570
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
January : . 4 75
May 510 510 5 02% 5 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: i Flour, dull
and steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 67@09c; No. 3
spring v.-heat. 64@68c;. No. 2 red, 71c; No. 2
corn, 36c; No. 2 oats. 27c; No. 2 white. 29%@
30c; No. 3 white. 29®29%c; No. 2 rye, 56%®5.c;
No. 2 barley. 41®53c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 13%;
prime timothy seed. $2 30; mess pork, per- bar
rel. $9 75{f9 80: lard, per 100 pounds. $5 52%<g>
5 55; short ribs sides (loose), ■ $4 65&4 90; dry
salted shoulder* (boxed). $4 25184 37%; short
clear sides (boxed). $5 05<35 10; whisky, dis
tillers', finished goods, per gallon. $1 27; sugars,
cut loaf, unchanged; granulated, do.
Articles .-.'>' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls> 14.400 66.000
Wheat, bush 90,700 29,000
Corn, bush 622.000 177,000
Oats, bush 245.000 164.000
Rye. bush... 19.000 5.000
Barley, bush 51,000 13.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries, 14fal9c; dairies,
12017 c. Eggs, dull: fresh, 18®18%c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
» Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 308.7fi0 24.900
Duluth * •• 97,491 47.511
Milwaukee 30.100 16,100
Chicago 90.750 29,301
Toledo 18,383 5,500
St. Louis 40.000 28,000
Detroit 23,931 10.925
Kansas City
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston : 112.830 . 23.878
New York 128,800 ■ 136.000
Philadelphia 32,580 202,034
Baltimore 3,905
New Orleans '
Galveston . 6,502 128,000
Totals
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
"Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening S 9% 6 8
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 46 75 46 10
Closing • 45 70 46 10
Wheat-
Opening 2100 21 SO
Closing 21 GO 21 85
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. CATTLE— There was a
good demand . for cattle . to-day, . but prices
showed no particular change. Fancy cattle, $5 80
©6; choice steers, $5 40i?f3 75; mediums, $4 750
|6; beef steers, $3 7504 70; bulls, $2 60©4 75;
cows and heifers. S3 20®4; Western fed steers,
$4<ffs 60; Texans, $3 6606; calves, $597 10.
HOGS— Early sales were at a decline of sc,
and later, or. hogs sold fully 10c lower than
yesterday's best prices. Fair to choice, $S»6s@
3 80; packing lots, $3 43®3 62',i; mixed. $3 600
3 70: butchers, $3 50@3 75; light, pigs, $3 40©
3 72' '■•■
SHEEP— Offerings of sheep were well taken
and the market held up particularly well under
the liberal receipts, except for heavy lambs,
which sold at decidedly lower prices. Poor to
prime sheep, $2^4 20;- ewes, ?3@3 60; yearlings,
$4fM 60. i
Receipts— 2500; hogs, 33,000; sheep, 5000.
DENVER. .
DENVER. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts. COO;
market active and strong. ■ Beef steers, $3 73(fj)
5 26; cows. $3@4; feeders, freight paid, $3 2aC,i
4 25; stockers. freight paid, $3 50&4 50; bulls,
stags, etc... ?2<g3.
HOGS— Receipts, COO; market Bo lower. Light
packers, $3 6001 55; mixed, $3 43@3 50; heavy,
$3 30(&3 50. .
SHEEP— None.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— RecelptB,
3000. - Market steady to strong. Native steers,
$3 90Sf5 55; .cows and 'heifers, *2rJi4 10; stock
ers and feeders, $3® 4 75; bulls. $2 90@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000; market , weak to ■oc
lower. Bulk of sales. $3 45@3 65; heavies. $3 55
05 76; packers, $3 6093 75: mixed, $3 40®3 65;
lights. $3 35®3 53; pigs, $3@3 55.
■ SHEEP— Receipts, 1500: market steady.
Lambs, |3 75©'5; muttons, ?2@4 50.
■" • . ' OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, . 900;
market active and stronger. Native beef steers,
$4®5 35; Western steers/ -$3 80«i4 40; Texas
steers, $3 60® 4 26; "cows and heifers, " $3<g4; can
ners, ,$2 25®3: stockers and feeders, $3 70@4 60;
calves, $4©6 75;. bulls and stags, $2 40#3 80. ,
HOGS— Receipts. . 3800; market 5® 10c lower.
Heavy. $3 6603 65; mixed. $3 5601 60; f light.
$3 47>4@3 57.; pigs, J3*J3 50; bulk of skies,
*3 52^«3 E7V4.
SHEEP— Receipts, i 4300; market active to
.steady. Native muttons. $3 75@4 35; Westerns,
t3tfjA 10; stock sheep, ;$2 75@3 50; lambs, . J4@s.
, FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— Consols, 111U; silver,
27%d.\ :. . . .V . .',';. ;:
■Wheat cargoes off coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, less offering; English country
markets, quiet. . ■■ ■' '
LIVERPOOL, Jan. ' Wheat, dull; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour in ~ Paris, dull; French
country' markets, flat.
- CORN*— Spot firm. ■ No. 2 red Western winter,
6s 3d: American mixed new stock exhausted;
American mixed old, ■ 3a 10% d. ; Corn futures
steady; January, 3s 10% d; March, 3s 9V4d; May,
3s »Vl.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 9d.
COTTON— 3 5-32 d. V_;
CLOSE.
. LIVERPOOL, Jan. - Wheat . futures closed
| quiet. March,. 6s JO : ,«d; May. 6 B S T B <l. > '
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 13.— Exchanges, $303,
--435; balances, $73,327.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 13.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 59c; valley, 61®'62c; blue stem, 63c.
The foreign wheat shipments from Portland
for the week ending to-day were 344,364 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 13.— Wheat— Club. 59c; blue
Btem, C2tt63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 S6^
New York Exchange, sight...... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — l'Vj
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59^4
Mexican Dollars — 47!5@48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Is weak and dull, with a further
decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13?i@l 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May . — 6000
COOO Ctlas II 16;«; 2000, $1 16%; 14,000. $1 16%.
Seconxl Session— May-^OOO ctls, $116%; 6000,
$1 16?/
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls,
$1 1«%; 20,000, $1 16%; 2000, $1 10' S .
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $1 16%;
SWO, $1 16%.
/BARLEY— Sellers ask previous quotations,
AtuX there is no demand of any consequence.
Feed, $1 27M01 30; Brewing, $1 35&1 45 per
ctl. . .■•■:■■;-:>■
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller, 1599, new—
2000 ctls, 87% c.
Afternoon .Session— 1899, new— 2ooo ctls,
86% c; 2000. 86c.
OATS— Is no change In the situation.
Fancy Feed. $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice. $130@132' ; common. $127%; Surprise,
i $1 4L"j'sl SO; Gray. $1 30®l 35: Milling, *1 32Vi@
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 6501 65; Black, $1 6001 75.
CORN— The market is dull and dealers are
quoting lower [prices.
Small round yellow. $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $11001 12%; white. $1 12%@1 15; mixed.
$1 07%@l 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12%Q>
1 15.
RYE— Is lower and dull; California, $1 17%@
1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras, $4 1604 25; bakers'
extras. $3 9C&4.
MILLSTUFFS-Priees in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
I per 100; Rice Flour, I"; Cornmeal. $2 GO; ex-
I tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
I Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2503 .'0; Buckwheat
Flour, $404 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; "Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85<S6 25; In sacks, $5 6506 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 lbs. ';••..>
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are firm and unchanged.
Hay is steady, with a fair demand.
BRAN— S2O 50021 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 60027 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50;
jobbing, $32032 50; Cocoanut Cake. 84025; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28®30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@
24 50: Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $17 50@19 for
good to choice and $16517 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, $15 50(?J
17 50; Oat. $14@16; Island Barley, $14@15; Al
falfa. $12013; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, 114015; Cheat,
$12 50^13; Alfalfa, - — ; Oat. $14@15; Clover,
$11 50*8-12 BO; Timothy. $12*513 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S® 75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Some slight changes In Beans appear. Al
falfa Seed is In better demand and firmer. Mus
tard is lower.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 Ss®l 95; Small Whites, $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $1750186: Pinks, $2(3
2 10- Reds, $3 20®3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$202 50; Llmas, $;; 25®3 35; Pea, $2 35@2 50; Red
Kidneys. $2 4t> per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50 per ctl; yel
; low Mustard, $4®4 10; Flax. $2@2 25; Canary
Seed. 2V4®2%c per lb: Alfalfa, 607 c: Rape. L".
@2*Jc: Hemp, 2Vs®3c: .Timothy, 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50®l 75; Green, $1 75
@1 S5 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes rule firm with a fair demand.
Onions are easy. Vegetables are in light re
ceipt from the South. Mushrooms are lower.
■ POTATOES— iC per ctl for Early Rose;
95c@$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Peta
luma Burbanks, $I®l 10; Oregon. $1 10@l 35;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, l%@2c per lb.
ONIONS— 7S®SSc per ctl; Oregon, $I@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas; 8c; String
Beans, S@loc; Cabbage,. 40®30c; Tomatoes, 7..C-(
$1 25 for Los Angeles Egg Plant. per
lb; Garlic, 7c per lb; Dried Okra, lac per lb;
Green Peppers. 4@sc per lb; Dried Peppers. 10
@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $S®lo per ton; Car
rots. 2.Vfi3sc per sack : Mushrooms, 5@7%c per
lb for large and 10@15c for buttons.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys are weaker and small broilers are
also off. Good Hens and Roosters are firm.
Game Is still slack.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 13@17c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50<§2: Ducks, $4 50®
5 50; Hens, $4 &o®s 50: young Roosters. 6®6 50;
old Roosters, $4 5005; Fryers. $5 50® 6; Broil
ers. $5<8? 50 for large, $3 50<(i4 50 for small:
Pigeons, $I®l 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25
for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25®1 50; Mallard, $3 50©4;
Canvasback, $3@5: Sprig, $202 50: Teal, $1 250
1 50; Widgeon, $1 2.V& 1 .'.O; Small Duck, $I@l 25;
English Snipe. $2 5003; Jack Snipe. $1 2501 50;
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1 25&1 50; Brant,
$1500175; Honkers. $3 5004 50; Hare, 75C0I1;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is now quoted steady and dealers do
not look for any further decline at the mo
ment. Cheese remains unchanged. Eggs con
tinue firm, store Eggs being preferred.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25c; seconds,
23®24c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21®22%c; common
grades, ■■ lS@2oc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 17«!lSc; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19®20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16®16%c for
lb; Elgin. 22' 2 c- ;
CHEESE— nilld new. HH@l2c; old. 10
011 c; Cream Cheddar. J.2®12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12(iS13c; Eastern, 10@12c.
EGGS— Eggs, 34®36c per dozen; sec
onds, . 32%@33c; store Eggs, 25@32%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Limes continue to advance under scarcity.
Oranges aiid Apples rule dull with, heavy
stocks. * -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ,
Apples, 35®60c for common, 75c©$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, 60075 c; Apples, in barrels, $5®S.
Pears— 2sc®sl per box.
Persimmons— Nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I®2 50 per
box: Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; ManOhrins,'' $1 25®1 SO;
Lemons, 75c<Rl 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6®7; Cali
fornia Limes — per small box; Grape
Fruit, $I®2 50: Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch: i
Pineapples, $2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Mail advices from New York say of Raisins:
''Dealers are disposing- of their over supplies
of Pacific raisins, but there .Is evidence that
It is requiring considerable price cutting to do
it. ; The general position of the market is un
changed. Trade Is quiet, demand being lim
ited.to small orders to "supply the retail trade.
No large sales have occurred. Dealers will
make few purchases until the market is in
better position. Foreign varieties dull and
neglected, moving . quietly on small orders at
unchanged quotations."
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6>4e for 40-50' s 4Vi@
5c for 50-60's. 3VS®S%c for 60-70's, 2«4@3c for
70-80' 2V»®2' / 4c for 80-90' s, 2c for 90-iooV and
lii®l*«c for 100-110's: Silver Prunes. 2',4(&r.c-
Peaches, 6@7Hc for good to ■ choice, 7>A©Bc for
fancy and 1O012V&C for peeled: Apricots loiff
12V4c for Royals and 13Vie for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples. 7'/i(g7\4c; sun dried 404& -
Black Flbs, sacks, 2®2Hc; Plums, 4'4@6c for
pitted and l@l%c . for unpitted; Nectarines, 6®
70 for prime to fancy; Pears, 6®Bc for quarters
and B(s'9c for halves.
< RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown,. o*»c for four-crown, sHig6Vic for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c . for Seedless Muscatels and
$120 for -London Layers; Cried Grapes. 2-'>i®3c
■ NUTS— Chestnuts, 7®Bc per lb; Walnuts'
7@Sc for hardshell, 9® 10c ' for softshell; Al
monds. 7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell
15<Jfl6c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for East
ern and 4 1 / 2!j?sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
®5.
HONEY— 10®llc for bright and B®sc
for lower grades; water white extracted. «VsO
7c; . light amber extracted, 6c; dark, ■ u&Mc
per lb. • •■JentWMi'ffllWMWH /
. BEESWAX- 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Previous ■ prices rule for all descriptions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 74c per lb for
heavy. ;8e for light medium. 10c for light, lOHc
j for ', extra light and ■ 12@12Hc for . sugar cured;
I Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10giO\4c; Call- ,
\ fornia Hams, 9®9«4c; Meis Beef, $10 -;er bbl; '
I extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 s*o; extra
i Prime Pork. $10: extra clear. $1«: mess $16 503
I 16: Smoked Beef. WWiZc per lb.
i LARD— quoted at s^<?6c per lb for
compound and 7%@Bc for pure: half barrel!,
pure. 8V«c; 10-lb tins, B>,4c; 5-lb tins, B%c. \
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6H@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9hic:
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, S&c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, "Tic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Numerous changes In Hides and Tallow will
be observed. : A review of the market appears
in the first column. •
HIDES AND SKlNS— Culls^and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@l0&c: medium, 9Vie; light, BVi@9c;
Cowhides, B%@9&c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c;
Calf, 10c; dry hides, sound, 15»*@l6c; culls and
brands. 12% c: dry Kip and Veal, 13c; dry Calf.
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10#30c each; short
wool. 35<&60c each; medium, "o@9oc; long wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 for
large and $1. for small; - Colts. 2»@soc; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 2501 75 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3U@3&c per lb;
No. 2, 2<->c; refined, 4%©5 c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. • 12
months'. 7<&9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', 8&9 c; Foothill and Northern, free. 12
OMc; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc:
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 9@
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools— „_,,
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain if? 5,,
Southern • W '«
Plains * ............•.•••••••••* 6
.HOPS— IB9B crop, per lb for ordinary.
14%@15»4c for good and 16-SlSc for choice to
fancy. - ;>.r-; r : ■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags higher at $4 00
spot and $5@5 12V4 for future delivery; Wool
Bags, 26®2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $S 50@9 in bulk and
$10@10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 in sacks. \
J. W. Harrison's weekly report says: "Dur
ing the week there have been six arrivals from
Washington with 15,650 tons of coal; three from
British Columbia, 9459 tons; four from Oregon.
1540 tons; one from Australia, 2394 tons; one
from Swansea, 2902 tons; total, 31,94.) tons.
Our deliveries here this week have been about
three times as much as last, yet but little of
same has been yarded,, as it has all gone di
rect to consumers. There Is but little house
hold fuel now In first hands, hence retailers
find difficulty in securing enough to flu orders.
The demand for Honolulu has carried away a
large number of our coal carriers, so that both
transportation and fuel are . in demand and
hard to procure. There is no change In values,
notwithstanding the demand is brisk. The
rainfall this week will assuredly have a de
pressing influence on incoming coal freights,
in fact local grain freights are already im
proving, which is an assurance of a softening
of foreign, coal charter rates inward.
"The Australian mail Just at hand does not
report many new engagements for here, as
freights are high, there being considerable
surplus wheat to ship for which fair rates are
being paid, besides there is a sharp demand
for coal carriers to Valparaiso and the West
RlCE— China mixed. $3 95@4; China No. 1,
$4 50@4 90; extra do, $5@5 35; Hawaiian, $5 37V;
Japan. $4 3o«?4 75; Louisiana, $3@<s 00.
QUICKSILVER— Is higher at $38 50@39 for
export and $42 per flask for local use.
METALS — Pig Tin Is higher at 23c per lb;
Pig Lead .'<•; Shot. $1 45@1 70.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube- Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6 vie; Powdered. 6*^; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5-% c; Con
fectioners" A, s\c; California A. 5 Vie: Magno
lia A. 8 c; Extra C, sVic; Golden C. sVic; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75. barrels
or Its equivalent. -,*. .J-';
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The whole market is stiff, as cattle and sheep
men are keeping- their stock back since the
rains began. Beef , and Hogs are a fraction
higher, and Lamb also shows a small advance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • ._■::'
BEEF — First quality. -7c; second quality. 6®
6'Ac: third quality. s(iis%c.
VEAL— Large. 6H@7V4c; small, 7<3Bc per lb.
MUTTON— 8c; Ewes, 7&C.
LAMB— B(&9c per lb.
PORK— Hogs. 4@4%c for large. 4%®4?ic
for medium and 3H@4c for small: stock Hogs,
3'£c; dressed Hogs,.64t7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, January IS.
Flour, qr sks..,.- 7,200! Hay. tons 250
Wheat, ctls 6,160 Hides. . No. ...... 174
Barley, ctls .... 985 1 Eggs, doz 1,920
Butt ctls • •15 Quicksilver, flks.. 200
Cheese, ctls 42 Leather, rolls ... 73
Beans, sks • ' 305' Raisins, bxs .... 1,300
Potatoes, sks .... 4,140 Lime, l>bls 91
Onions, sks 460 Wine, gals 56,100
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 4,152 i Barley, ctls 770
Oats, ctls 190 i Flour, qr sks ■ 3,934
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10!
OREGON.
Hay, tons 301
EASTERN.
Rye, ctls ....... 450!
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is cheaper and Eggs are dearer.
Poultry is scarce and rather dearer, but
there is plenty of Game here.
In meats, Mutton Is dearer and other kinds
may go up, as Beef is being held back in the
country since the rains. Fish stands about
the same.
Fruits and Vegetables are about as last
week.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel % @12 00; Castle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington . ®10 00 Southfield
New Welling- Wellington @ 9 50
ton S lO 00 Coos 8ay.... ®7 00
Seattle 8 90®
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per iCheese. Swiss 20<f?25
square 50<g:55 Common Eggs 35@—
Do, per roll 50*f— .Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good — ®45 . dozen 37@40
Pickled 35W40 Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per 1b..— ®25! lb 12<515
Cheese, Cal — ®IS| Do. extracted ..— @lo
Cheese. Eastern.. lo@l7l
Meats, per lb.—
Bacon 12®17\Pork, fresh — ©12
Beef, choice 12@15'Pork, salt lO®l2
Do. good 8'o:lO : Pork, chops — 0i:
Corned Beef — {jj 8 Round Steak ... in*??!?
Ham, Cal- 12'i4f15! Sirloin Steak ....12®15
Do. Eastern ...—*> 15 (Porterhouse, d 0...— '^20
Lard 12*115 Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton 10015 Pork Sausages.. U'Vii@2o
Lamb 12*1 13. Veal lOfti'lj
Poultry and Game —
Hens. each 50® 75'Quatl. Pr doz.l 5001 75
Young Roost- Mallard. palr..l 00@ '— .
ers, each 63® 75!Canvasback, pr
Old Roosters, I pair 1 0001 •>-,
each 50® Sprig, pr pair. SO® 65
Fryers, each... 605?) 65 Teal, pr pair. 40© 59
Broilers,, each. 40@. 00 Widgeon, pair 400 50
Turkeys, pr lb 20r<?) 22 Small Duck.. 35Q) —
Ducks, each... 60® 75 Wild Geese, pr
Geese, each... 00ft 1 25 I pair 50® 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50 English Snipe. •
Rabbits, pair. — & 40 per doz 3 ,'o^i —
Hare.' each.... — @ 20 Jack Snipe 1 75@ —
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 100112 1 Limes, doz 12(515
Apples, lb 40 6 Oranges, doz 26040
Bananas, doz 15«i20 Pears, per 1b.... 40 6
Cranberries, pr qt.ls@— I Raisins, lb .'. 54*10
Grapes, per 1b... S«10| Walnuts, lb . 121*15
Lemons, doz 20&— | a
■ Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z. 7501 23 Mushrooms, 1b... .150*3
Beets, doz 12^15 Onions, lb ... 4^o
Beans, white, lb.. 4'o 5 Potatoes, lb ... 2i§ 3
Colored, lb 4W 5 Do, Sweet ...... 3<a 4
Lima, lb 60— Parsnips, doz ....15® <) 0
Cabbage, each.... s®lo Radishes, dz behslOol2
Cauliflowers, each 3®lo Sage, doz bnchs •>"•;/ r,
Celery, bunch 5(S— String Beans, 1b.. 10015
Cress, doz buchs. 2o32s Thyme, lb ZUO3O
Green Peas, 1b..10@12 Turnips, d0m...!!!15©20
Lentils, lb ... 6<3> Tomatoes, lb .. 10®12
Lettuce, doz 15^25 i ■
Fish, per lb.— ■ ■
Barracuda ...—©—: Shrimps ..: 10<s?l°
Carp 5® 6 Shad ". lava
Codfish 10012 Sea Bass IO&12
Flounders 50 6 Smelts v,-,
Herring 5© 8 Soles 8010
Halibut -fd!l2 Skates, each ....".'. 5® 10
Klngflsh S@lo Tomcod r.10012
Mackerel — ©— Clams, gal — ©50
Do Horse — §— V)o, hardshell, 10O.40(a. .o
Perch 8810 Crabs, each lOfilj
Pompano 1 00011 : Do. softshell, doz.s;-.itf3o
Rockflsh ..........12®15 Mussels, «it ... 10012
Salmon, smoked.. — ; Oysters caJ. 100.40®—
Salmon, fresh 12015 Do, Eastern, d0z.25@50
Bturgeon 120131
■ ■ « ♦ . — ; — 1 —
Dr. E. C. Spitzka, the alienist, declares
his disbelief in the existence of any dis
ease like kleptomania, which causes
women to indulge in the form of theft
known as shoplifting:, which Just now ap
pears to be epidemic in New York. He
does admit, however, that ' the tempting
displays of the shops appeal strongly to
women of weak- minds, and that one In
one hundred shoplifters may be insane.
THH CALL"S CALENDAR.
January. 1899.
16
[I
10
17
OS
II
We
4
v
12
1
10
2i
Pr. S!L
8 7
33 U
.'0 3i !
; Mooa - « Phases '
«j-La»t Quarter
>»- January i.
j {St. New Moon. •
W January 11.
•jk First Quarter,
9 January 13."
©Full Moon.
January 18.
38
23
, NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrorranhlc
Office, located In the Merchants 1 Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
fr Naviyt X P rs nS a e re cordially invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and - reference and the latest
Information can always be obtained ««;ardln«
lights dangers to navigation • and all matters
rf interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 220 th meridian, by telegraDhlc signal re
ceived each day from the United States Isaval
Observatory. " Mare Island, Cal. „„■.„__.,.
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
on time or giving the error, if any is published
in the morning papers the * lo £ ll jGHES.
"?■ V i - Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, g. S. N., Mer
chants) 1 Exchange, San Francisco, cai.,
January 12. 1599. _ _ . ,
Robinson Point Fog Signal and Post Llgnt,
Washington.
Notice Is hereby given that the sounding or
the fog signal at this station, a twelve-lnctt
steam whistle, giving blasts of six seconds
duration with silent intervals of fifty-four sec
onds, located on the easterly extremity of
Maury Island, about nine miles north of Ta
coma, Wash., which was temporarily discon
tinued for repairs to the machinery on Jan
uary 4 1899. the fog signal will be mounded as
heretofore during thick and foggy weather on
and after this date, instead of January 16. 18J3.
as stated in Local Notice to Mariners of Jan
v'rhls' notice affects the List of Lights and
fog Signals. Pacific Coast, IS9S. No. 1141. page
32 also the List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific
Coast, 1897, page 68. .._«.»..
By order of the United _Statea i Lighthouse
Board GEO. C. REIT H.K,
Commander. U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector.
Portland. Or.. January 10. 1899.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Titneß and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-^The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutea later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
rises " ; 2*
sets •> :1 *
a sets 8:53 p. m.
O [Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?>HW LW HW L.W
iT7.. 1:44 ~5~4 6::»4 2.3 12:56] 5.8 7:31J—0.3
5 ... 2:15 5.5 7:55 2.0 1:56 5.1 8:16 0.3
16 ... 3:06 5.6 fl:01 1.7 3:00 4.7 9:031 0.9
17 ... 3:50 5.6 10.11 1.4 4:12 4.3 9:51 1.5
L 8 ... 4:3S 5.7 11:22! 1.0 5:32 l 3.9 10:42 2.1
19 .. 5:29 5.8 12:30 0.6 7:041 3.8 11:39 2-o
!0 ...| 6:20 5.8 1:32 0.2! S:2s| 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides or the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Blven are additions to the soundings on the
TTnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
reference Is the m<-an of the lower low watery.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrogrraphfc Office, U. S N.. Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Ca!..
January 13. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
-1 c. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at a
©•clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Czarina jPuget Sund o Jan. 14
Nippln Maru...!China and Japan Jan. 13
Coos Bay (Newport Jan. 14
Alliance.. [Portland Jan. 14
Wellington iDeparture Bay Jan. lo
Chllkat 'Humboldt Jan. IS
"VVyefleld N'analmo : Jan. 15
State California Portland Jan. 15
Chap. Nelson . ..lPußet Sound I Jan . IS
Aloha Point Arena Jan. 11
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 16
Corona* San Diego Jan. 18
Mlneola.. Tacoma Jan. 16
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound' Jan. 17
Newberg Grays Harbor : .-.I Jan. 17
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 17
Empire ICoos Bay Jan. 1.
Crescent City... [Crescent City Jan. IS
Orizaba.: Newport Jan. IS
City of Sydney.! Panama Jan. ]!»
Point Arena.... Point Arena....;..'. Jan. IS
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. It-
Columbia Portland Jan. M
Santa Rosa (San Diego Jan. 2"
City of Rio China and -Japan Jan. 2?
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer I Destination. Sails. j Pier
Wefott ICoos Bay Jan. 14, 10 ami Pier 13
Santa RosajSan Diepjo Jan. 14, 11 amlPier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 14. 3 pm'Pier 2
Arcata. Coos Bay |Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona ... IHumboldt IJan. 14. 2pm Pier 9
Curacao ... [Mexico [Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 11
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay (Jan. 14. 10 am Pier V
Umatilla ..IVIC & Pgt Sd.Uan. 16, 10 amlPier 9
Coos Bay Newport (Jan. 16, 9 amlPier 11
Chilkat jHumboldt Jan. 16. 2 pmjPter 13
Alliance ...:OreK<m Ports.! Jan. 17, lOamlPi.^r 20
Doric |China& Japan! Jan. 17, IpmIPMSS
Aloha il'olnt Arena.. Jan. I**, 3pm Pier 2
Corona ISan Diego IJan. IS. 11 amjPier Jl
Colon [Panama iJan. IS. 12 m'PMSS
G. W. ElderiPortland 'Jan. IS. lOanvPier 24
Orizaba [Newport Jan. 20, 9 am Pier 11
C. Nelson.. |PuKet Sound. .|.Tan. 20 ]
Queen Vie & P(?t Sd.Uan. 21, lOamlPier
Columbia ..jPortland !Jan. 23. 10 am ' Pier 24
Steamer
Destination.
••■
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. January 13.
Ptmr Hueneme. Johnson, 48 hours from New
port (S>.
Schr Bella, Smith. IS days from Grays Har
bor.
Br ship Olivebank. Young. 182 days from
Newcastle. England.
Br ship Birkdale, Davles, 79 days from New
castle, N S \V
Schr Western Home. NJlsson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Arff. S days from
Coquille River.
Schr LUlebonne, Hansen, 10 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday. January 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Gorulall. Perkins & Co.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland, Puenta Arenas,
C D Bunker & Ca
SAILED.
Friday. January 13.
Stmr (hilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City
Bark Levl G Burgess, Younggren, Taeoma.
CHARTERS.
The Cromdale is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope. 27s 6d.
The Blrkrt.-ile lnnds wheat at Portland for
Europe. 3os; Margretha. same business, 30s.
Tli" Defender loads mdse for Kahulul.
The Katie Flickinßer loads lurnlier on the
Sound for the west coast. 47s 6d: W F Wltze
niaim. lumber at Cheaiainus for Taku, lump
sum; Yosemlte, lumber on the Sound fur Aus
tralia, 48s Sd.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LORDS, Jan 13. 5 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE; velocity 12 miles.
BPOKKN.
Per F.r ship olivebank, Nov 19. 45 S. W,
Br bark Earl Granvllle, from Inuiqul for Ant
werp.
Nov 17. 48 S. BE TV. Br ship Slieve Roe, from
Caleta liuena for Channel.
Nov 6, 57 S 71 AY, Rr ship Dinblair, hence
Aug 17, for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 13— Sohr Ethel Zane,
for Tort Gamble.
IMPQl'A— Arrived Jan 11— Sohr Sadie, hence
PORT ANC.KLKS- Sailed Jan 13-Bark Colo
ma, for Chematnus.
PORT TOYVNSEND— In port Jan 13— V S rev
stmr V S Grant.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 13— Schr Re
peat, hfnre Dec 29.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 13— Bark Gatherer,
hence Dec 26.
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Jan 13 — Stmr
Newsboy, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 12— Haw
stmr San Mat*- \ from Cotnox.
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 13 -Stmr Geo Loo
mls. hence Jan 12.
Sailed Jan 13 — Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
(Dos BAY— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Empire,
hence Jan 11.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 13— Br ship Clan
Galbraith, from Louden.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 10— Br ship Gleness
lin. for Oregon.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 12-Schr Wm
Bowden, from Chemainus.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Pomeran
ian, for fiflassiow; stmr Victoria, for Mar
seilles.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Britannic, from
New York.
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Bovic, for New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Ethiopia, for
New York. •
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Spaarn
dam, from New York.
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Statendam. for New
York.
GENOA— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Aller. from
New York.
COPENHAOEN-Arrived Jan 13-Stmr Nor**,
from New York.TWO NEW COMMISSIONERS.
Visalia ar)d Sao Francisco Honored by the Su
preme Court.
WHEATON A. GRAY of Visalla was yesterday appointed Supreme
Court Commissioner in the place of I. S. Belcher, deceased, and
E. J. Pringle of this city and Oakland received a like honor, vice
Niles Searls. resigned.
E. J. Pringle was born in Charleston, S. C. in ISK. He received
his preparatory education in his native State, after which he entered Har
vard and graduated in 1543. Among h'.s classmates were Justice Horace
Gray of the Supreme Court. Hon. John B. Felton and Senator Hoar of
Massachusetts. He arrived on the Pacific Coast via the Isthmus of Nica
rag-ua on December 31. 1*53. and immediately the law firm of Pringle &
Felton was organized. It later became \Vhitcomb. Pringle & Felton, and
lently Pringle & Hayne. This firm continued until Hayne was
appointed to be Supreme Court Commissioner, and since that time he has
teen alone in the practice.
Mr. Pringle is one of the oldest members of the bar in California, and
has been associated in a number o: important cases. He came ft
law stock, his grandfather having beer, appointed District Attorney
in South Carolina by President Washington and having been offered the
Attorney Generalship of the United States by President Jefferson. Mr.
Pringle is a Democrat, but being unable to agre* with his party platform
rie subject of the free coinage of silver, he voted for McKinley at
ihe last Presidential election.
Wheaton Andrew Gray was born in Newburg, Fillmore County, Minn..
October 10. 1553. He was educated at lowa College in IS7S, and !ir.:
the law department at Harvard. H Tulare County in If
conducted a successful practice for several year*, being engaged either on
one si.: ther of every important law contest in the county. His
political complexion has been that of a Republican, and he was at one time
a member of the Republican State Central Committee. He was active in
. r.ipaign which resulted in the election of H. H. Markham as Gov
ernor of this State, and in lS f <l was appointed by that official a Superior
County. His record while in this position has been un
■d. Upon the death of Judge Belcher earnest petitions were
h the Supreme Court from the prominent officials and resi :
San Joaquin and Kern coy. =, his appointment to the position
given h:m yesterday.
Judge Grays father and mother are at present residing in Tulare
where they celebrated their golden wedding in 1884. Six of their
children are living, the Judge being the youngest. The new appointee was
married in IS*, to Miss Margaret Rice. a. native daughter of the county,
by whom he has had one child, a daughter.
'■■■■■■ AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
.; •: .p. Pelton of Chicago is registered at the
Mod.
■ ''■ : F. "B. Drake of Toledo, Ohio, is at the
Palace.
:.'•'• Don Ray of Gait is registered at the
■idental.
• •■* (~»f*orus? X^. v ,rr of Carrville is a guest
vat- the Ruas.
••■; C. 1.. White of Sacramento is a guest
• • ; .at the Grand. ;
■ )'] X. B. Chamberlin of Boston Is a guest j
.'■ : ; at the Palace. . 1
• ' • B;. N. Fisk of Chicago is registered at
..' - ! tfie .California.
■ '"• .J.'Hirshfield, a merchant of BakersfieM.
• .■is at. the Lick.
• '-, • Mrs. B. F. Wright of Monterey is a
■•-••guest at the Lick.
.'"" ' Dr. R. H. Ashby of England is regis
.-.'."tered at the Grand.
• : ••."Attorney Arthur Rodgers returned yes
.' terda'y from New York.
" : '. Attorney E. S. Farrington of Elko, New,
.. ■ : "-.ls -a- -guest at the Lick.
'•'■':'*■ F. A. Hihn. a capitalist from Santa
•.• Cruz. Is at the Occidental.
• ;> William Wehner of Evergreen arrived
". 'at.the California yesterday.
•.• B. G. Shepherd Jr.. an insurance man
from Fresno, is at the Grand.
.;• Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Sergeant of Mon :
■tana are guests at the Palace.
• \. Fred Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
• House at Fresno, is at the Llck.
V - Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock
and wife are staying at the Grand.
•■• '. Walter S. .Hobart came up from San
Mateo yesterday and is at the Palace.
\ Mrs. Colonel John C. Loper of Dcs
M lines" arrived at the Occidental yester
day.
:• 'W; L. Linton and family and B. M.
. Balr and family, all of Billings, Mont..
' are at the Palace.
' Judge John D. Bicknell. accompanied by
<oighter. Edna J. Bicknell. is at the
lentaL The Judge is from Los An
geles.
J. R. Southworth, publisher of Sinaloa
Jlustrado. leaves for Mazatian, Sinaloa,
Curacao on business con
d with his publication.
CALITOIINIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.-Frank J. Sullivan
San Francisco are at the
Savoy. J. H. Morse and wife of SdJi
isoo are at the Holland. Dan'-.l a.-
San Francisco, and C. F. Ford
aim '• gelei are at the Cos
tar. Mr?. A. H. Barendt of San
:hco is at the Manhattan.
CALIFOKNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13.— L. D.
• Los Angeles is at the Raleigh
el. Philip Dean of Oakland is at the
■ nal Hotel. Henry D. Weiss of San
Francisco is at the Metropolitan.
The Labor Council.
Last night's meeting of the Labor Coan
i notable one in the history of
' -that organization, as two unions which
: have hitherto held aloof sent delegates.
were Carpenters' and Joiners' Union
ifC and the Web Pressmen's Union.
" V. Roberts and J. W. Lamont rep
•Bt the former organization and D.
the latter. E. Koenig was re
a delegate from the Brewery
>n. A communication was
from the committee having in
rangsmenU for the Pacific
Oc- requesting the .council
V te a :.;legates to repre
sent labor on the board of directors. J.
• W, Lan. i.;iapp and C. H. Par
• k*-r I and were instructed
■'• to watch tht- Interests of labor carefully.
• ''In the Midwinter Fair a number of bulld
' ings were erected by non-union workmen,
'■• brought from other cities for that pur
pose, and If this le repeated the repre
.-c-ntatives of the trades unions will with
iw at once.
The Mystery of Tokio, a capit I
Japanese story, by Masu j£iyakawa
and Robert Duncan Milne, in next
. Sunday's Call.
Bobbed a Messenger Boy.
.'.Jqtjn Robinson, an ex-messenger boy,
.■was arrested last night by Detective Dl
ndn'and charged with petty larceny.
•.' Several days ago, it is claimed, Robln
: aon held up a messenger boy in the em
•ploy of the San Francisco Messenger
..Company and relieved him of a cape
which was given to him to deliver. The
arrest was made at the instigation of the
manager of the company.
■ ♦ ■
gives up the fight
for the shrievalty
Lyndon mailed to Score a Victory
Over J-angford by the
Recount.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Ex-Sheriff Lyndon
' this morning abandoned his contest for
the office of Sheriff. R. J. Langford. who
was declared elected, was given a major
ity of 144 throughout the county.
It was asserted that a large number of
votes cast for G. Y. Bellinger had been
counted for Langford. and other frauds
:.:tted to deprive Lyndon of offiVe,
but the recount showed nothing of the
kind. In the twenty city precincts Lyn
don gained 37 vote?, and these he has
rapidly lost in the country precincts.
When the contest was given up this morn
ing he had gained but 8 votes, and there
•was no possible chance of overcoming
Ldr.gford's plurality of 144.
The contest for the office of Treasurer
is still going on, and E. W. Conan-t, the
contestant, stands a slight chance of win
ning. J. A. Lotz's majority in the offi
cial canvass was 2. In the city Conant
lost 24. but he has regained some of these.
There are yet four contests to be heard.
These are B! A. Herrington against J. H.
Campbell for the District Attorney ship;
K. M. Pheips against G. E. Rea for Su
pervisor; W. Spaulding against J. G. Gri
der for Constable at Mayfield. and W.
Williams against I. Herrington for Jus
tice at Santa Clara. Ex-Distri<n At:
Herringtnn claims the ballots show he has
! made gains and will be able to overcome
Campbell's plurality of 34.
FLOODS MAY FOLLOW
THE PRESENT DOWNPOUR
REDDING. Jan. 13.— A pelting rain
flooded the street? of Redding to-day,
carrying off all the snow except in a few
spots. The indications are that the
heavy precipitation extended into the
snow-laden mountains, and the water
courses are filled to bank level. Should
the storm continue the lower country
must be prepared for an extraordinary
rise in the river, which i? already feeling
the stimulus of to-day's hard rain.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 13.— Rain began
falling here about noon. Up to 3:30 p. m ,
at which hour rain is still falling, the pre
cipitation has been light. The wind is
from the southeast, and the prospects are
good for a continuance of the rainfall.
WALNUT ("REEK. Jan. 13.— The rain
fall for this season amounts to 8.26. which
1« nearly as much as this section received
for all of last season. The orchards and
farms in this vicinity have no: looked as
well as they do at present for many j
ar.d farmers are happy in consequence.
Some of the farmers stored their hay.
anticipating a dry season, but ihey are
now selling a? rapidly as possible. An
exceedingly prosperous year seems to be
assured.
SUISUN, Jan. 13.— Another drenching
rain commenced this afternoon. Record
to date. IV inches over rainfall of
The fruit Delts never looked more en
couraging.
Wreck Delays Traffic.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13— A Southern
Pacific freight engine jumped the track
in Soledad Canyon at an early hour this
morning- The wreck filled the cut and
delayed the regular morning train and
the "Owl" train from San Francisco un
til after noon. No one was hurt in the
wreck.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have You Been Deceived?
When you wanted a bottle of
Hunyadl J&nos
NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Did your Druggist give you a cheap substitute, because he made a few cents
more profit? J* Will you believe those " just as good "stories when you
know that " HUNYADI JAWS " is the only genuine Hunyadi Water?
Ask Your Physician.
He will recommend it as other eminent physicians have for many years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
SUPERSTITION
LAUGHED AND
Thirteen Dinner at
Press Club.
MISFORTUNE WAS EMBRACED
FEATURES WERE ALL SOMBER
AND GREWSOME.
A Novelty in Feasting That Consist
ed of a Battering of Every
Known Form of Su
perstition.
At the Press Club dinner last night su
perstition after superstition went tum
bling to the utmost depths of perdition.
Black trimmings, soft blood-red lights,
grewsome music, dirges and serpentine
chants were the features. All the
shadowy and uncanny attributes of life
and death were mocked and scorned. The
contemners of fate toyed with the mys
terious and raised Ate to the dignity of
a beneficial genius in their endeavors to
violate all the sanctities that supersti
tion has claimed for her own these many
centurie.-.
At the moment of S:l3 the guests sat
down, thirteen at each table. To the
music of "The Miserere" the original
thirteen circled their board, which was
the top part of a coffin draped in black,
and chanted two of the most pessimistic
verses of the Rubaiyat. The seat of
honor was set in a coffin turned upward
on its narrow end. It fell to Arthur A.
Lotto, wlio suddenly was seized with
cramps of conscience and he rebelled. The
lot was cast to decide who should sit in
the black bux and John Washington was
elected.
Then came another dirge, a Latin
chant, and the red curtain of the stage
parted, disclosing a hideous skeleton sil
houetted against a black background. It
was set in a sitting posture, with hands
outstretched as if reaching for all pres
ent. On the skull was an Ophelian gar
land, which augmented the grisly effect.
E. H. Clough was chosen to deliver the
invocation to Death. The underlying sen
timent of the Rubaiyat was his theme
and his behests "to fill the cup that clears
to-day of past regrets and future fears"
were not neglected for a moment.
As the dinner progressed mirrors were
shattered, umbrellas raised, salt spilled,
ill luck, suicide and death toasted with
more than customary abandon.
Hugh Hume spoke on "'The Divinity
That Shapes Our Ends"; J. C. B. Heb
bard on "Luck in Odd Numbers"; H. P.
Bush on "Judicial Astrology"; Charles
A. Lee on "Evil Omens"; and L. C. Car
penter on "Meeting a Cross-Eyed Girl."
The menu card was characteristic of
the central idea— a withered trunk, at the
roots of which was a gravestone; above,
a crow, a skeleton and a woman in scar
let. Those present lugubriously labeled
were:
The mourners— Philip Mills Jones, L. G. Car
penter. E. H. Clough, F. L. Carpenter, C. A.
Webster, L. E. Stover, John Washington, E.
J. Bowes, T. H. Van Frank, H. J. Maxwell,
Arthur A. Lotto, Homer Henley, Robert Burns
Jr., W. S. Moore, Rhys Thomas, C. H. Tebbs,
Fletcher Tllton. Fred Myrtle, W. J. Batchelder,
Joseph Murphy. Fred Gutterson. ' W. W. Kauf
man. Charles Parent. W. H. Crowell. John F.
Kevalk, Joseph Sheldon, James S. Tyler, D. D.
Lustig, W. G. Lea le. George Cummlngrs, H. C.
Holmes, 8. H. Panieis, G. B. vinery, J. D.
Hodgen, W. F. Perkins, J. E. Josephi. H. L.
Joachtmseo. ~ Charles Eichbaum, R. F. Gal
lagher. >!:': W. Franklin. Harry Scott, A.
G. Fiske. H. R. Fiegre, John Fouga. 3. H.
Frledlander, Livingston Jenks, Wlnslow An
derson, Louis Honlg. Edmund T&usxky, Q. A.
Chase, E. T. Houghton, J. C. Donald. John
Oliver. Thomas Klrkpatrick. Edward Hageard,
W. C. Bunner. T. D. Rlordan, Wlllard N.
Drown. H. M. -worth. James Pringle. John
Crothers, J. C. B. Hebbard. George H. Bahrs,
E. W. Gateo. G. H." Borland. Charles A. Low,
Charles K. Harley. James P. Booth. Hull Me-
Clauithry. Hugh Hume, Theodore F. Bonnet.
Charles C. Bull. B. W. Paxton, W. S. Hobart,
Hal Wright. W. L. Carrfgan. W. P. Law; r,
Charles Dunphy. C. A. Lee. Paul Cowles. Irv
ing Scott. Alex Baum. F. B. Carpenter, W. F.
Southard. John Harrison, George Hellman, P.
N. Ltllenthal, Albert G. Davis, H. P. Bush.
Charles G. Yale. J. H. Barbat, Fred Poor, E.
R. LUlenthal. AJton H. Clou«n, Raphael WeilL
THOUGHT HE WAS A BURGLAR.
Frank Klotz Enters the Wrong House
and Is Severely Beaten.
Frank Klotz, a carpenter, while suf
fering from the effects of an overindul
gence in liquor, last night, entered a
house on Mission street, near Third, and
proceeded to explore the rooms. One of
the occupants, thinking he was a burglar,
seized a club and sneaking up behind him
struck him over the head. Klotz ran from
the house, and on reaching the sidewalk
he challenged the club wielder to come
out and fight him. As the latter refused
to accommodate him Klotz went to an
other houpe a few doors away and vigor
ously pulletl the doorbell. A woman an
swered it. and seeing Dlood streaming
from the visitor's head, the result of com
ing in contact with the club wielded by
the occupant of the fir.«t house he entered,
she screamed and fell back as if in a
faint. Officer McQuaid appeared at this
juncture and placed the unwelcome vis
itor under arrest. Satisfied that he was
not a burglar. Captain Splllane ordered a
charge of drunkenness placed against
him.
Cordelia Botkin's Case.
A continuance of at least a week -will
be asked by the defense when Mrs. Boi
kln appears before Judge Cook this morn
ing for sentence. During the past week
both Mr. Knight and Frank McGowan.
defendant's attorneys, have been In Sac
ramento. In consequence they will ask
more time in which to perfect their ap
peal.
English Millionaire Lipton tells
how he expects to beat the "Yan
kees," in Next Sunday's Call.
Grand Jury Indicts Young.
The Grand Jury held a short session
yesterday and presented an indictment
against George Young, the pickpocket
whose case was presented to the jury
Thursday evening The charge against
the man is grand larceny, and it was
placed on the secret file in Judge Dainger
field's court. Bail was fixed at $2C09.
IMITATED THE SUICIDE OF
DESPONDENT MRS. McQUEWAN
the
Mrs. J. E. Slinkey, Because of Financial Reverses,
Hanged Herself in a Clothes Closet.
MRS. J. E. SLINKEY of the Sausalito House, at 110 Ellis street, committed
suicide last Thursday night by hanging herself.
Her husband went to the theater on that evening, and when he re
turned home at a late hour found that his wife was not in their bedroom,
which is the back parlor of the office. He supposed that she had re
tired with some friend, she having been in bad health for several year?.
Yesterday morning Mr. Slinkey inquired through the house among the people,
but could learn nothing as to her whereabouts. He attempted to open the door
of the Old Friends' Club rooms across the hallway, but not being able to find the
keys he stood on a chair and looked over the transom. The bed In the back
parlor had not been occupied and the door of a clothes closet opposite was ajar,
with a chair propped against it. This aroused his suspicions, and he sent his
son to the front window to force an entrance. The boy found his mother's
dead body hanging in the closet, suspended by a thin hempen cord, one end of
which was fix»-d to three stout nails in the door casing. A white cloth was
tied around the nails to keep the cord from slipping, and the cord was doubled.
Mrs. SMnkey had evidently been meditating the rash act ever since the sui
cide by hanging of Mrs. McQuewan a tew days ago. After she had read the
reports of that occurrence she asked her p-hysician, Dr. Jerome Hughes, whethet
hanging was a painful death. Ho replied that he thought it was.
The deceased, before the lingering illness which turned her brain, had been
a stout, healthy woman. She became very much emaciated and weighed not
more th«n ninety pounds. Mr. and Mrs. Slinkey have two sons and a daughter.
i.uight'T. Lillian, and the elder san are in New York City on the stage.
Miss Slinkey having studied music in Milan, Italy, for several years. A few
month? ago Mr. and Mrs. Slinkey lost by foreclosure of mortgage the El Monte
Hotel at Sausalit-'. a very valuable piece of property. They had been trying to
dispose of the Ellis street property in this city for some time, but an intend
ing purchaser recently failed to appear, and Mrs. Slinkey became very despond
ent. Sh>- waa Id and a native of Germany.
It is an interesting fact in connection with the suicide that Mrs. Slinkey
hanged herself in the same room in which the late Police Judge Campbell died
suddenly while engaged in a friendly game of cards.
BALD'S ARRIVAL OF
INTEREST TO CYCLERS
JIMMY MICHAELS COMING NOW
ANXIOUSLY AWAITED.
Annual Election of the Reliance
Wheelmen — Bay City-Olympic
Baseball Game To-Morrow.
The arrival of Ecidie Bald. th*» cham
pion short distance cyclist of the world,
as toM in The Call yesterday, created
quite a furor in local wheeling circles.
The clubmen now begin to realize that
the promises of the promoters of the in
door tournament to bring out th
men in the various classes to compete
were not merely empty ones and the ar
rival of Bald has given ever}' one faith
that the balance of the speed aggregation
will show up ir a couple of weeks. Cer
tainly Bald cannot ride alone, and there
is no one in his class on the coast now.
so they argue he is but the leader of the
hegira of crack cyclists to come.
The clubmen take but little interest in
the long dlsta.ni It is
in such men as Bald and Michael that
they are inclined to hero worship. Mich
ael will be here in a fortnight, and it will
be his first visit to California.
It must be understood that Bald and
Michael are champions in two distinct
classes, short distance and middle dis
tance. Bald excels In sprints from one
haif to two miles. Michael is at his best
from ten to thirty miles. Both follow
pace with equal celerity and will open
the eyes of some of the people here who
have never seen any one faster than Con
ger or Code on a wheel.
Bald will take a run down to San Jns^
to-day to visit Floyd MoFarland. and will
also go down there a week from to-mor
row to see the great Downlng-Stevens
professional match.
The concluding game of the Cycle Cluba
Baseball Leagu- between the Olympic
and Bay City Wheelmen will be played
to-morrow at 2 o'clock at the Velodrome
grounds, weather permitting.
The marriage is announced of Alfred
Cellier, a popular member of the Olympic
Wh< •-•lmen. to Miss Margaret Ryan.
The Reliance Wheelmen have elected
the following officers: E. B. Jerome,
president; G. F. Cornwall, secretary
treasurer: A. P. Deacon, captain: Joet
Pfusch. first lieutenant: Al Parrott. sec
ond lieutenant; Arthur Magill Jr., bu
gler.
DISCUSSED PHILIPPINES.
Iroquois Club Wants First California
Volunteers Mustered Out.
The retention of the Philippines was
fully discussed last nijrht at the Iroquo'.s
Club meeting. Just before the debate
on the question, "What shall we do with
the Philippines ?" resolutions were in
troduced stating that it was the sense of
the club that "the Philippine Islands
are and of right ought to be a free and
Independent republic and that ihe United
States should lend its aid and moral and
physical support to the establishment of
said independence."
The adoption of the resolutions was
postponed until after the debate, in which
Judge Lemcn spoke in favor of expan
sion and Joseph Leggett against it.
Resolutions were adopted requesting the
Secretary of War to muster out the First
California Volunteers, now at Manila, and
also asking the Legislature to pas? a
bill for the establishment of a State Nor
mal School in this city, to be opened at
the earliest opportunity.
Supervisor Jeremiah Deasy was elected
a member of the club.
Chairman L. F. Byin.rton appointed the
following standing commit-
Literary— Charles Gildea, Fred Raabe,
W. M. Cannon.
Resolutions— Max Popper. E. P. E. Toy,
F A Baldwin. J. H. Dignan, W. H. Yin-
cent.
Finance — J. H. Zeman=ky, Captain J.
Krimphoff. J. E. Murphy.
He also appointed H. L. Bienfield, scout;
Charles de Cleer and E. J. Forster. as
sistant scouts; collector. M. Barman.
The board of trustees elected LTouls
Metzger chairman and A. D. Lemon sec
retary.
Attorney Rodgrers Returns.
Attorney Arthur Rodgers returned last
night from New York. He has been East
for some time for the purpose of placing
his daughters in college. Mr. Rodgers.
who is one of the regents of the Universi
ty of California and is Interested in the
matter of securing a president for the
university, said when seen last night:
""vThile East I talked with a number of
prominent university professors, but I
have no name to place before the regents
of tfae university. A number will no doubt
be considered, bpt I have no one in
particular in vteir."
Harry I. Perry Dead.
Harry I. Perry, an exempt member of
Company D, National Guard, died at his
home yesterday afternoon. He was a
native of Louisiana and about 45 years of
age. He leaves a host of friends" in this
city and in Oakland to mourn his loss.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Elec- J^^^^^h. Doctor
triclty i~,f: Bwean}-*s
or ' A?J \ Combined
Medicine Pjfc £<&& i^SSf Electro- I
When . \^{f ~" V Medical
Alone /,, 1 - ment
° ften #fSsS2« XeVW
Faiis - i^^MS^^^M Fail 3'
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-.OF THE GREAT CURATIVE POWERS .
Never Fails to Cure Any. Curable Disease,
This treatment combines the two greatest
factors of the healing art— Electricity and
Medicine. Electricity is the acknowledged
greatest power on earth. Its current puts life
and strength into whatever it touches. When
used alone It has a very beneficial effect on
many diseases, but when scientifically com-
bined with the proper medicines and admin-
istered by an experienced and competent phy-
sician, ' cures are effected when all other
methods had failed. - :1 .-
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
Restores lost vigor and vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, .excesses or indis-
cretions are restored to perfect health and
strength through this new and original sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURE cured by this
new method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and .permanent
cure. VARICOCELE, hydroccle, swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success. CONTAOIOTTS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stage* thoroughly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at-
tion for all their many ailments. WRITE if
you cannot call. ' He will also send you a valu-
able book. "Guide to Health," free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY. M.D.. 737 Market Bt.,
San Francisco, Cal.
/Jvf*>v LADIES M .TOT nßf
fclv^T DR. FELIX LE BRUITS
w *} Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
j ' 3is the original and only FRENCH.
M f safe and reliable care on the mar-
y fc "\rket. Price, $1.00; seat by mail,
% \ Genuine Bold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol» A«enu,
214 Kearny at., San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62*)KEARXTST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Prirato
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
.Skin Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
(arr*eanrantri>d. Callorwrite.
2>r. J. V. «if BBO!*% Box 1357. San Fran&sca
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
£* —or— $a
Fine Driving. Draft. Saddle . Horses. Shetland
Ponies. Buggies. Sulkies, Harness, Etc.
THIS DAY.
SATURDAY January I*. l&n
, . Commencing at 11 A. M. Sharp.  ••
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard St., Near Third.
:: ' (5. LATXG, Livestock Aucttohe«r.
--.'■';.-. '-»itX ■ *' ■ ■ ■ ■ ' ' ' ' '■ ~ * ■«. ' " ' *
ADVERTISEMENTS. - '
ABSOLUTE SECIMTY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE lr fc ADTrtfcl FORHEADACHL SEE
* LL CARTERS FOR D!ZZIH£SS. DLL
rcvfivc Kittle for BILIOUSNESS. r rvi IT vc
fiENUINE fivrb for torpid liver. GENUINE
II PI its FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER i =■ " FOR sallow SKIM. WRAPPFR
"KAITLK IJaMfl fORTHECOMPLEXiOM W * ArrM
p . i CJKWEVE UUSTHAVCS^OMATUnt.
ieaits I Purely T«r?etai>le.Xe^>*^^^»^
"FK.I3STTE3D OIST REID PAPER."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
n. Steamers leave Broadway
¥i3?'!S^fc. wharf. San Francisco:
ECSga%  For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
I rsrw^tt!^ Jan - 11, 16 > -• 2 *' 31; Feb. 5;
|Bkßl6f^j|^ change at Seattle.
a te&Ss^LrPvSl or Victoria, Vancouver. iB.
Ir^HaZß C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
I' "*^|Ha^^ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a- m., Jan. 11. 16, 21, 26. 31;
Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. . at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jan.
14. 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San . Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo).
Gav'.ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Jar.. 12, 15, 20. 24, 2S; Feb.
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan. 14. IS, 22. 26,. 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Ma^dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata, La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas CMex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing .dates
and hmirs of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A<rts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
rAriL 58 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13, 23, Feb. 3.
State of California sails Jan. 8. IS, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Buttt,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Suoerintendenta.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannar. streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo)-, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU ..Tuesday, Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARf Friday, March 17
Round-trip ! tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ■ ■- ■
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _^.»^
(FRANCE). Sailing -very Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. . North TniTMM
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE Jan 21
LA NORMANDIE. Jan' 2S
LA GASCOGNE Feb. 4
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11
LA BRETAGNE Feb. 18
First class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. J45. 10 per cent reduction, round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F..FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
Pi £ lulu and Auckland for
lHnll p^ A ; -' ;!:? v ' :a Hono-
i B 'plu and Auckland for
■ >. Sydney Wednesday,
Qtt^mcn* i Jan. 25, at 10 p. m.
SffiflfflSnD"-' 6 " S - AUSTRALIA
G^il«-,U.i salls for Honolulu
' lOlllßflltH* Wednesda >- February
\jiij,«ivs*; g # iss9. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
11l Montgomery street.
Freight Office — 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STSAMEBS.
m JTnavmard and vallejoT
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. TueB., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. > : 30 p. m, except Thur.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a, m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Main IiOS.
EAILROAJj TRAVEL.
California
■•> < • .>; . /■
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Anffelea at C>
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following- Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINiNG CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
Sll' ffiAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE— HI MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
. Sacramento Office— 2ol J Strtat.
San Jesa Office— West Santa, Clara St.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Setuallto Parry.
FROM SAN FBAMCIUOU TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. •*:*!. U:» a. m. ; 1:*.
1:45, 6:16, •C:00. 6:38 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:«>, •10:00, «li:30 a. m.; *1:H.
1:00, '4:30, 6:15 d. m.
■ Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:2S. ««:S5. 7:15, "8:33 a. m.;
•11:20. 2:20. »U:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«: 20. •S:*). •10:00. *11:55 a. m.:
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin. '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:56. 9:40 a. m.:
12:85. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:<« a. m. : 13:05, 1:28. 3:3*.
1:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. . '<- :•-- .
a.m. week days— Cazadero and. way »t»*n«.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations.
1:10 a.m. Sunday*— Duncan i*l!s and way sta'a,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via tiatualito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1I9S:
week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. .m. " --;,.-
Sundays— S:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & EON. Agents. 131 Mark*
street, Ban Francisco. '■;•' i .■-•?/. Jv
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
koi riu.Rx rAC'iric c6nrA.Tr.
(PAtiric ststcx.)
Trnla* leave nnd are due to arrive at
MAX rUAMC'IKCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
have — From Dec. 18, 1838. — auuti
•«:*Oa Nile*, S»a Jose and War Stuiou... «X:43a.
i ?:»Oa Btulci*, Sniaun and Sacramento 3:43r
7 :O«jl MarjsTiUe, OroTillsand Eeddinc tU
Woodlsnil 5:43p
T:O4»a Elmlra, V»c*tol« and Ruic»e» S:t3p
?:3«a Martinet. San Ramon. Y»UeJo. Nspm,
Cslis(oga and Socta Hosa 6il3p
»:I»0a Atlantic >sxk«». Ogden and East.. . S:4Sp
• :3Oa San Joa«, LlTaraaore. .Stockton.
tone, Sacramento, Flaocrrille,
MarjsTfllo. Chlco, KM Vital 4il3p
«:30 v *Mlltoa. OaJtdaie »ad Jam«U>7n... 4:15?
•:»<>a Martinet. Trie;, Latkrop. Stockton,
Merced aui rrsua : 12:15r
9:OOa Frrs ,0. BskersUeM "S*nU !Urt.»ra,
Los Ae(9l<«. IVra'.c?, El Pua,
Now Orleast and K»*J 6:43*
IO:«Oa Mm. Martinez and War Station* 7:43*
151.00 m: yUei. livencorc, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mtodoto, Hanfoni. Viaaaa,
P«rt«rTill6 .irfr:. 4:13?
•l:OOr Saoramento Klrer Steamers J *8:0«r
4:O»r Martian. Saa K<wu»i, Vailejo,
K»]«», C*lirtojti\, diuita Raei »: 15 A
4:00r Be&lcia, VacailUe, .Sacramento,
yfoodlaad, KukßU I.aiidiag, .
M»r»sTfll», oro»We, "I»:4Sa
4:3OpNiJ«a, Saa Jo»e and Stockton ' 7:13?
S:OOrS«D Francisco acd Los Aog«lei
Limited, Fresno. BakersSsid, Los
I AagelM , 9:43*.
5:30p Stocktoa, Merced, Framo ' 13:13r
s<3»r Martinez, Tracy, ITeadota, Fresco,
Mcjare. Santa Barbara and Lit*
Aiigi-lc* » : 13 a
I5:00P Pacifla Coast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth. Little Reck. St.
Louis, Chicago and East {0:46 A
Bi3»r iauta Fe Itoute. 4liMiUa ExyreM
for M«J«»e ami BaaC 6:43 p
6:<M>r Uuropsau Mall, Uj4e.i and Ks**.... 8i4.1 a
•:«t»p Hvwards, NQea and Saa Jese 7:43 A
•B:O(lp Valiejo I *:1
t7tOor Valiejo, Port Caste ar.d Way Sta-
tions :«:43*
8:00p Oregon Kxpreia,Bacrai>ieuto, Mar/a-
ville, R-.Wlug, Pvrtlaiul, Puget
BomidaiKl J?a«t 8:13*.
' ■10:03r Svnet Liaind. Fresno, T.og
Angeles, £1 Paso, Sew Orleans
i aad Hart ...................... 81:43>
SAX LKA.M)U(> AS*I» H*YWAlt!>s LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) •
1 Uilroir, X^minarj I'ark, f
8:08*. ntehbarc Klmlinrsf. . 6:»5».
•9:OUa San l.famlro. Sooth !»ftn <*9:45 a
IO.OO* I.eandro, »tn.I!llo, 10:43 a
(ll:«»» Lorenzo, Clierry • 1 ? : ! 3?
8:«)p an d tl:43p
3:0»p n«»w«r<I« »3:43p
4 :<M) * I i Bum throa#L t« Mm. ' -* 3p
. J t From Klies. , I
COAST |>m*lnN fHarroir Uaose).
; (Foot of Market Street.) ■
8:13 a Newark, Cent«Tille, San Jwe.Feiton.
a 3 Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
■ Stations. 5:34»
•2:1 3r Newark, GenterriUe. San Jose, se»
Afanadea, FeUo», BonlUer Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M«:3Oa
4:l."Jp Newark. S*n Joaeand Los G»to«... »:20*
1 11:45 Hunter*' Excursioa. San Jbse and
Way Stations. .■...: ;T:g»F
. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»nSlX F&IKCISCO— FMt of Mirktt Strut (Sli» 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a., v. tI:C3 *2^3 t3:M
•400 tB:M *t:"jOr.U.
frsmßilUSß— 7<(tof2raiiwiT.— *<:oo 8:00 10:004. X.
' " ti::S3 ' «l:03 ' t3:33 ' ' m 3:ZZ ti:9fl •3:C3r.M.
COAST !»lflS!<i> (Broad tan^f). "
(Third and Towtaend Stj.) '
7:««a San Jose ami \\'*j Station* (New "
. '- A'.n-adeii Wedse4days «aly) l:3o»
•:«0a San Jose, Tics Vlik.s, KiuiU Cruz.
Pacific Drove, Pa*., Rubles, San
Lull Ohtspo. Goafalupe. Surf and
Prinoiiial Way Static.* 4ilop
I«:4«a Sau Jqm ami Way .SU'.ions ! «»s«Oa
11:304. Sa> Jose aud Way Stations S:33a
*2:4opSan Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Pal* Alto. Santa Clara, Saa Jaee,
Ollroy. HolUeter, SncU Ctiic,
SaMnu, Monterey and Ficidc
Grofe ; . ' M«:3o.t
•S:Mp.S»n.To»eaiidWayBtatioi.« *9:fl(>t
•4:15- Baa Principal WaySUtlous 9:43 a
•3lt«p San Joss and Principal Way 9t»tions 6:33 a
3:3«r San .Tote an<l Principal Way Statloui 3:30r
6:3vr San Jcse a«i:l WaySUtlous 7:30p
t11:45p San Ja*e Way SUtioiu 7:Sop
A for Morning F for Aftcrnonn.
•Sitmiayn axc9pte<l. t Sundays only. ♦ Satnrriayt only
"[Mondays and Thursdays. aTutsdays and Saturdays.
»Satu"liv« and Wednesdays. eThursdars and Sandars.
CALIFOKNIA KORTDVESTE2N SI. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tikuron Ferry, Foot «X Market St,
SAX FRANCISCO TO SA.V RAFAEI*.
TTEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 <a. m.; 11JS.
*:30, 6:10. €:I0 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:s«
and 11:30 p. m.
EUXDATS-8:00. 9:»0, 11:00 a. m.; l:S0. IM.
6:00. 6:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— €:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45.
3:*o, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1.55 and 6:33 P. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:«. 11:10 a. m-: 1:4*1 S:««.
1:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
' same schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October is, ■
! Week Sun- ISSS- Sun- Week
'■■ Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7: JO am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:4dan»
t:3opm 9:3oa:iJ Petaluma, 6:lopm 10 :tS am
' t:lopm s:oopnf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm f:23pxa
[ j Fulton,
T:»aaj ' Windsor. 10J5ub
Healdsbursr.
L-tton.
Geyser>ille.
I:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ■ 7:35pm (Apia
Hopiand and
I T:Soam 8:00 am uklah. j 7:35 pm 6:23 pta
7:30 am '> 10:25 am
i, . 8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:25 .
1:30 pm ■ (:22pa
|:Wain S:C"oamj Sonoma 10.« am S.«an»
and
:10 pm 5:00 Glen Ellen. 6:lo pm 6:22
: t;»am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 1 10:40 an 10:25 am
3 :3o pm 6:oopm 1 7:35 pm S:22pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
•erville for Skaggs Springs; ; at Cloverdale tat
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, CarUbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartiett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Deli Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Buckneil's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr"s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonvllle. Cum-
\ming s. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsea's. Dysr,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. ISSB, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. j North-bound.
Passen-, Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday sunday ger.
I Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
I 8:10 ac 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm s:sopra
I 10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4U!3pra
i 11:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am; 2:3} pm
f 11:28 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 arr. l:3Sprn
• 3:20 pm 12:30 am BakersSeld 2:30 asi 11:25 am
12:CSpm! B:sopm Visalla 6:4o ami 1:15 p:a
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
| For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
I street. San Francisco. ' -
Weekly Call, Year
910
DEATH CLAIMS
A FAITHFUL
OFFICIAL
Sudden Demise of F.
J. Fletter.
ALAMEDA IS IN MOURNING
APPARENTLY IN GOOD HEALTH
WHEN HE RETIRED.
Labored Breathing Attracted the At
tention of His Wife, but He
Died Shortly After Assist
ance Beached ilim.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 13. -This city r-^
■hocked this morning to learn of the sud
den death of Frceborn J. Fletter, member
F- J. FLETTEF^, an Official and Prominent Citizen
of Alameda, Wh)o Died Very Suddenly
Yesterday Morning.
of the Board of City Trustees, which oc
■i about 11 o'clock last evening at
his home, 2225 Central avenue.
Mr. Fletter was In his usual good health
up to the time he retired last evening,
about 10:30 o'clock. He was on the streets
early in the evening, and later passed the
time with his son. Charles. Half an hour
later, after he retired, Mrs. Fletter noticed
be was breathing with apparent effort.
She tried to arouse him. but was unsuc
il, and, lighting the gas, noticed
that his features wer< deathly pale, a
physician was hastily summoned, hut Mr.
r died a few moments after his ar
rival. Death was due to aeart failure.
All Alameda mourns the untimely tak
ing off of 8 good citizen and an honest
public official. In all sections of the city
Hags are at half-mast as a token of the
a In which he was held by his fel
low-citizens.
Mr. Fletter took a great interest in the
city's affairs. Among the employes of the
public departments and among the
youn;;.'r office holders he was a great fa
vorite. li>' was particularly concerned in
the success of every young man In tne
city's employ, and among these to-day the
universal sentiment ifl "We nave lost our
be:n friend."
Deceased was horn in Spehc'erville, Ind.,
cnber \'-\, iMI. At the age of iifteen he
enlisted in the Fifty-seventh Indiana,
serving for three years. !!• .v:is mus
tered out on his eighteenth birthday at
Marietta, <sa. For a time he followed
farming In Kansas and later engaged in
railroading as a locomotive engineer and
condui
H<> came to California In 1879 and became
Identified with the powder industry. At
the time of his deatu lie was half owner
In the California Cap Company. He was
also largely Interested In mining enter
prises In Plater, Tuolumne and Blsktyou
counties.
Mr. Fletter came to Alameda sixteen
years ago. He was elected a member of
ihe Hoard of City Trustees i" 1895. and
was appointed chairman of the finance
committee. In 1P94 he was made chair
man of the Republican County <>niral
Committee, to which position he was re-
Deceased was a n^mbpr of Oik Orove
Lodge, No. 21S. P. and A. M.; Alameda
chapter. No. 70, R. A. M.; Carita Chap
ter, O. E. S., and (Jeorge ]!. Thomas
]'(.!-!. G. A. R.
}\o leaves n widow and three sons,
Charles F.. Oliver and Wallace Fletter.
The funeral services will be held Sunday
at Masonic I'enr . and will be conducted
by H.ik (irove Lodge. Th«» remains will
be interred in Mountain View Cemetorv.
Mr. K 1 ■•• — ' f: thr-r. C. P. Fletter.
dropped dead last November at the horn"
of his son. _______________
New Gas Incorporation.
OAKLAND. Jan. 13. Articles of incor
poration have been filed by th^ Oakland
Equitable Gas Company, with the follow
ing offiaer?: W. J. Dingee. president;
Charles L. Aokernian of S:tn Francisco.
vice president; William J. Henshaw. vice
preside at of the Oakland Bavings Bank.
A QUEER DEFENSE
IN A DIVORCE SUIT
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— The divorce suit of Mrs. L.. A. iJevisori against
I. L. Levison, brought on the ground of extreme- cruelty,' promises to
develop an Interesting defense, since the. husband claims that there
is no marital knot to .untie. . . . ; V •", " s ■■'■:' •■;
The parties, according to the complaint, -were married by con
tract in Portland, Or., about ten years ago, and. since then the hus
band has on divers occasions brutally beaten plaintiff and choked 1 her, so
era the wife: , .-.-..: . ..; ■.■...- . . :
On the other hand, the defendant makes counter-charges, declaring
that he never married >Lrs.' Levisohnbut that- her.true name is Mrs. Lydia
Ann Mullins, and that she has never been divorced from her husband. How
ever, he admits that about ten years ago , she prevailed, upon, him: to take
her from her husband because of the love he bore. her, : and. he consented.
He vigorously denies all charges of cruelty, but is willing that the separa
tion be granted, but first asks that his children be legitimatized. , ■Lev! son
is *.he cook who about a month ago, when he learned of the divorce suit,
becoming distracted, took a dose- of 'strychnine with' suicidal -intent.
Since then he has been working at Mare Island, while the plaintiff resides
on Ninth street, Alameda. . *..v-1 .:.
treasurer: Dr. W. J. Chlsholm and Wil
liam J. Landers, president of the San
l.eandro Gas Company. The principal of
fice will be in the Mills building, San
Francisco. The capital stock Is slated at
$1,500,000 in 150.000 shares, all subscribed
and placed in escrow for three years, and
arrangement hjivlng been made that dur
ing the interim the majority of stock
shall not be sold or the company leased
to n rival concern.
The company proposes to erect a plant
on the water front, when the Hall system
of m&oufacture will be installod to sup
ply Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda with
pas, light, hent and fuel.
TOWLE THE LEAGUE'S
CHOICE FOR MAYOR
Municipal Voters Hold a Secret Cau
cus — Snow the Alternative.
Other Nominations.
OAKLAND. Jan. 13.— The Municipal
League hold a secret caucus to-night an-.l
decided on the names to be submitted at
the open convention to bo held to-morrow
nte'nt. Ex-Councilman Towle is the Choice
for Mayor, with Auditor Snow second.
Should Towle be nominated Snow will be
; nominated for Auditor. Arthur Breed
and I). C. Hinsdale will also be placed in
! nomination for Auditor.
Treasurer Gilpin will be renominated, as
will City Attorney Dow. For City Engi
-1 neer M. K. Miller, Marston Campbell. A.
. H. Wilson and — Gray will be placed In
> nomination. Miller is the favorite.
For the Council. Councilmen Cuvellier,
! Pringlo. Rowe. Upton and Girard will
probably be renominated. Many names
will bo put in nomination for Councilman
•at large. The convention will be held
at Masonic Temple Saturday night for the
purpose of getting ahead of the Repub-
I lican convention which meets Monday.
ANNA MENTEL IS NO
LONGER IN CUSTODY
ACCUSED MURDERESS FINALLY j
OUT ON BAI_.
Her Eyes Filled With Tears as She |
Extends Thanks to Her
Bondsmen.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 13.
Mrs. Anna Men t el, charged with the
murder of her husband, stepped out of
the County Jail this afternoon a free wo
man, at least for the time being.
She was admitted to $20,000 bail < bond
last Wednesday by Judge Hall and this
afternoon her father, Adam Beth, accom
panied by Attorney L. M. Hoefler and Louis
Pockwita and William G. Loewe. appear
ed in court and presented the necessary
bond, the three last named qualifying in I
the sum of $20,000 each. Mr. Pockwitz is
a San Francisco merchant and Mr. Loewe j
is a dairyman. The- bond was immedi
ately approved and accepted, and an or
der releasing the prisoner entered. The :
order to Sheriff Rogers was not in the
USUaJ form of such orders., but was in
writing and read as follows:
"In t lie Superior Court of the County of
Alameda, State of California— People vs.
Anna Mentel.
"I. Frank C. Jordan. County Clerk and
i x-officio clerk of. the Superior Court, do
hereby certify that the following is a
true and correct copy approving the bail
bond of the defendant in the above enti
tled cause.
"Anna Mentel having this day present
ed and Hied in this court iier "bail bond,
which has been approved and accepted
by the Judge of this court,
"Therefore, it is ordered that she be re
leased from custody.
"PRANK C. JORDAN,
County Clerk. "
"By George C. Pierce, Deputy Clerk.''
Precisely at 5 o'clock Deputy Jailer
George Taylor opened the big iron door
leading to the inner corridor of the jail
and the accused murderess, accompanied
by her, mother, iteftped Into the vestibule
and was greeted by Mr. B*>th and the
Imndsmen. Mrs. Mentel was heavily
veiled, but tears we.re In net eyes and
they glittered with silvery coldness as
she uttered her only remark: "I am' ever
so much 'obliged to you, gentlemen, for ;
having dune so much f<>r me." She shook !
hands with her friends and left the jail.
Her case comes up again next Wednesday.
Installation and Social.
The officers of Evans Council No, 52 of
the Order of the Chosen Friends will be
Installed on the evening of the 26th Inst.,
and after the impressive ceremony there
will be a social in the social hall of the
Alcazar building.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
GEN. EAGAN
WILLING TO
APOLOGIZE
To the Investigating Commis
sion, but Not to the Man
He Abused.
General Miles Is Waiting for the President
and Alger to See Justice
Done Him.
Special Dispatch to Tfre Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Brigadier General Charles P. Eagan,
commissary general of subsistence of
the army, will make, to-morrow, a
formal apology to the War Investiga
tion Commission for the vituperative
language employed by him in his dis
cupsion of the conduct of Major
Goneral Miles. He will withdraw the
offensive portion of his testimony and
submit a revised statement, which will
deal solely with the merits of the beef
controversy, though he may deem it
desirable to repeat in more elegant
terms than those he used yesterday, if
possible for him to do so, that General
Miles and other officers who declared
that the beef was embalmed, were guil
ty of an untruth.
There is absolutely no reason to be
lieve, however, that he will apologize
to General Miles, and it would not be
surprising if he were explicitly to state
that the epithets applied by him to
the commanding general of the army
still stand.
By this action General Eagan will,
for the present, avoid a court-martial,
the only result of his indecent vilifica
tion of General Miles which the admin
istration foresaw last night. This
course was determined for him by the
President and Secretary Alger, and the
latter communicated to him this after
noon the decision which had been I
reached.
General Eagan does not dream of dis
obeying the orders of his superiors.
General Eagan, 1 understand, was in
conference with Colonel William L.
Alexander and Colonel George B. Da
vis, of the Subsistence Corps, for sev
eral hours this afternoon, examining
and revising his statement and prepar
ing the apology he will make to the
commission, and this will be submitted
to the committee, probably to-morrow.
General Eagan was more subdued to
day than I have ever seen him. He
evidently realizes the enormity of the
vulgarity he displayed yesterday, and
the condemnation he has brought on
himself by the violent and abusive lan
guage which he used. There is not one
army officer with whom I talked to-day
that did not roundly criticize General
Eagan for gross insubordination and
disrespect which he showed in the
statement he made yesterday, and
grave apprehension is felt that the ef
fects will be far reaching.
The withdrawal of the epithets an
plied to General Miles does not stoD
the War Department from directing
the trial of the offender by court mar
tial, but it seems now that the Presi
dent and Secretary Alger propose to
wait and see what the effect of such
apology and withdrawal will be upon
the country. If the scandal does not
die out, and if the country continues
to demand the punishment of an offi
cer guilty of such a breach of disci
pline and gentlemanliness, then Secre
tary Alger will act.
But it is hoped that before action is
taken Major General Miles will t»refer
formal charges, and this is just what
the general does not propose, for the
present at least, to do. General Miles
will not discuss the action he proposes
to take. At present he contemplates
nothing; he is waiting for the President
and the Secretary of War to act. He
is preparing no charges, for he expects
that they will do him the justice to
bring his traducer to account. Should
no action be taken, then it will be in
cumbent upon General Miles to do
something.
Friends of General Eagan claim that
no action can be taken against him be-
cause the President gave his solemn
promise that witnesses appearing: be
fore the commission would he protect
ed from the consequences of any tes
timony they might present. But the
friends of General Miles hold, and Gen
eral Miles made the statement to-day.
that there is a dividing line between
testimony and personal abuse.
Commissary General Eagan consent
ed to be interviewed late to-night.
When the subject of his testimony be
foic the investigating committee was
broached General Eagan first made
clear the fact that he and he alone was
responsible for the statements, both as
in facts and language. "I had my own
grievance," he said. "A terrible charge
was brought against me. I was ac
cused of cheating; no, I mean I was
accused of poisoning soldiers under the
pretense of experiment. If it had not
been for that charge I might not have
spoken before the commission as I did.
For three weeks I chafed under the
charge of having poisoned soldiers un
der the pretense; yes, under the pre
tense of experimenting with chemicals.
Tf it had not been for this charge, per
haps, I would not have used such
language before the commission. Let
those that criticize my language be
placed in the position in which I was
placed. Let them be charged as I was
charged, and they will understand my
FRANK BASSFORD
NOT LOST AT SEA
ST'IST'X, Jan. 13. — A Suisunite named Morris, who was on the
Olympia during the naval battle in Manila Bay, returned last week
and relates a story, which, if true, will be welcome news. About six
years ago Frank Bassford of Vacaville went on a whaling expedi
tion and the boat and crew were reported lost on the Asiatic coast.
Relatives of the missing man have long since given up all hope of
ever seeing him and mourned the absent one as dead. Morris states
that while in Yokohama two years ago he met an American named
Barney Fox, who was a sailor on a Japanese sailing vessel. The
men talked about California and the conversation drifted to Solano
County. Morris was asked if he knew Frank. Bassford. He replied
that Bassford was supposed to have been drowned while on a north
ern cruise. Fox assured him that such was not the case and said
Bassford was among a number captured by a Russian gunboat off
the Siberian Coast. The men were held as prisoners on the peninsula
of Kamchatka. Ex-Assemblyman Bassford was informed of the
news, welcoming it as too good to be true. He intends going to San
Francisco and to ask the Russian Consul to assist him in the mat
ter. The Bassfords are not only well known in Solano County, but
throughout the State.
EAGAN IS CENSURED
BY THE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The
War Investigating Commission
to-day passed a resolution of
censure on General Eagan for
the language he used yesterday
when he appeared to answer the
charges made against the com
missary branch of the army by
Major General Miles, .and also
returned to him the carefully
prepared typewritten statement
which he left with the commis
sion, after reading it to that
body. The following is the text
of the letter ordered by the in
quiry committee to be sent to
General Eagan:
\
Brigadier General Charles Eagan,
commissary general. War Depart
ment: We respectfully inform you
that after your testimony was read
yesterday tho following resolution
was unanimously passed:
"Moved, ThYit the commission re
ceive General Eagan's testimony
without comment and that it be not
printed at once but held for the
consideration of the commission."
<'urried.
Having now considered the ques
tions involved, we have determined
that in many Instances the vitu
perative language used by you was
not such as ought to have been ad
dressed as a witness to this board.
We think that the personal attack
and irrelevant statements contained
In the papers submitted should be
eliminated, and before receiving it
as testimony we request that you
will revise its language, and, if you
choose, resubmit it for our consid
eration. We herewith return your
papers. Very respectfully.
CHARLES DENBY,
Vice President.
language better. It is the gored bull
that feels the pain."
ROOSEVELT WRITES OF
BAD BEEF SUPPLIED
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— General
Miles to-day made public the following
letter bearing on the quality of army
beef which he had received from Gov
ernor Roosevelt:
State of New York, Executive Chamber,
Albany, N V., January 9. To General
Nelson A. Miles, War Department. Wash
ington—My Dear General Miles: Ido not
distinctly understand about this beef
controversy, but possibly what I have to
write about it may be of some use. The
canned corned beef we found to be good.
The so-called canned roast beef that was
issued to us for travel rations, both on
the transport and on the train, and which
we occasionally got even at the front,
was practically worthless. Unless very
hungry the men would not touch it, and
even when suffering from lack of food
they never ate a lifth of it. At the best,
it was tasteless; at the worst, it was
nauseating. There was also a supply of
beef (in the shape of quarters) which was
put aboard our transport at Tampa. It
\v;is supposed to be fitted by some pro
cess to withstand tropical heat. It at once
became putrid and smelled so that we
had to dispose of U for fear of its creat
ing disease. I think we threw it over
board. At any rate, it was condemned.
The beef we got at Santiago after the
24th or 25th of July, that is, after the
siege had ended, and when my brigade
had been without fresh meat or vege
tables for a month, was generally good.
By that time the cavalry division was in
a sickly condition. The fact that the
meat ration was so bad as generally to be
Inedible caused very great hardship to
my men and reduced its supply of food
below what was necessary to keep them
In proper condition. Very sincerely
yours, THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
PERISHED DURING A~
GALE ON THE BAY
SAN QUENTIN, Jan. 13.— While the
storm was raging fiercest last Wednes
day morning John George, a Greek
fisherman, and proprietor of a saloon
at San Quentin Point, caught sight of
a small boat with a sail set scudding
clown the bay toward San Francisco.
Its erratic movements showed that
something was wrong, so George
hastily summoned a companion and the
two bent to thoir oars in an endeavor
to head the boat off. After a half
hour's hard pull they fclfcd themselves
In the path of the boat and lay upon
their oars. Through the spray George
and his friend once were sure they
caught a fleeting glimpse of a man
bending over and trying to bail the
water out of the skiff.
Suddenly it turned completely around
and seemed to dip beneath the waves.
When the skiff reached them it was
almost full of water, but no human
being was in sight. The sail was badly
torn by the wind and the bow was de
faced as if by contact with a rock. The
boat was towed to land and so far noth
ing has been learned as to the identity
or fate of its owner.
DRAWS A PARALLEL '
WITH SOUTHERN RACE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— 1n the Senate
to-day McLaurin (D.) of South Carolina
took strong ground in a carefully prepared
speech against the policy of expansion by
this country. He cited as one of the prin
cipal reasons why the United States
should not assume dominion over peo
ples who are widely dissimilar to the
people of this country, the experience iv
the South with the negro race. He advo
cated the adoption of the Vest resolution
declaring that this country could not
maintain permanently as colonies such
territory as the Philippines, and held that
it would be In opposition to the spirit of
American institutions to do so.
Sullivan (D.) of Mississippi and Pasco
(D.) of Florida discussed the pending
Nicaragua canal bill, the former support
ing it and the latter opposing it.
The Indian appropriation bill was taken
up. but its consideration was not con
cluded before the hour of adjournment.
DROVE INTO THE
LOS GATOS CREEK
SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Albert Parr, who
conducts a blacksmith shop six miles west
of this city on the Almaden road, met
with a tragic death in this city last night.
Parr had diven into town to do some
trading and left for home after dark.
This morning his horse and wagon and
his dead body were found in Los Gatos
Creek, between St. James and Julien
i streets. Parr had evidently driven down
St. James street, and, finding no bridge,
had turned north in the dark to get to
the Julien street bridge. At the place
I where he turned north is a small vacant
j lot bordering the creek, and he had taken
i this for a street and driven over the em
bankment. The fall was not over ten
feet. Parr lay underneath the horse,
which was hold fast by the lines. The
; deceased was probably rendered uncon
; scious by the fall and then trampled to
i death by the animal. Parr was 45 years
I of age and leaves a widow and several
j children.
Spanish Troops Yet to Embark.
HAVANA, Jan. 13.— Colonel Dusen
berry, who was in command of the Amer
ican troops at Cienfuegos, returned to
day. He reported that "0,000 Spanisn
troops were yet to be embarked. The
evacuation of Matanzas by Spanish sol
diers has been completr<l.
Masonic Installation.
The officers of Pacific Lodge No. 136, F.
and A. M., were installed with the im
pressive ceremonies of the order last
Tuesday night in the lodge room in B'ne
B'rith Hall, in the presence of a larga
membership. The installing officer was
Past Master Philip D. Code, assisted by
Past Master W. H. Edwards as marshal
nt ceremonies. The officers for the cur
rent term are: William E. Lutz, wor
shipful master; Charles Jellinek, senior
warden; Zenas \V. Dodge, junior warden;
George Penlington, secretary ; John F. Ken
nedy, treasurer; Solomon Bloom, senior
deacon; William G. Quinlin. junior dea
con; Michael J. Kelly, senior steward;
Hugh C. Anderson, junior steward; Philip
Riegelhaupt, tyler. After the beautitful
ceremony had been brought to a close
there was an adjournment to an adjoin
ing hall, which had been decorated must
exquisitely by Schleicher, and the tables
were the acme of the table dresser's art.
An excellent supper was served and the
principal toasts of the evening were:
"Masonry," responded to by W. H. Ed
wards, grand lecturer; "Our Country."
Joseph C. Campbell; "The Ladies." James
W. Anderson; "Pacific Lodge," Philip D.
Code; "Our Sister Lodges." Lucius L. Sol
omons. Music was rendered by the Ma
sonic quartet— James Ogilvie, Samuel I).
Mayer, J. F. Fleming and Walter C.
Campbell.
The only Socialist Mayor in all
America tells how a city should be
governed, in next Sunday's Call.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull at previous quota
tions as a rule.
Local securities sold fairly, with no varia
tions desWving especial mention.
All parts of the pumping plant have now
arrived on the Comstock.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a monthly dividend of 00c per share
on the 11th inst.
Thirteen Cripple Creek (Colo.) gold mines
I paid a total of $2,226.13;") in dividends during
1898, making a total of $4,935,576 paid in all.
The Portland mine paid the largest amount for
the year, namely $720,000, with $300,000 paid by
the Victor mine.
The St. John Quartz Mining Company of
Grass Valley has re-elected the old board of
directors, with D. E. Matteson as president
and J. M. Wiley secretary.
The Brunswick Consolidated Mining Company
of Grass Valley held its annual meeting Janu
ary 11 and elected the following directors for
4899: P. J. Fletter, John W. PeV-, William
McM. Weighel, Charles F. Hunt and Charles
|L. Barrett. F. J. Fletter was elected presi
j dent, Charles L. liarrett vice president, Jacob
Stadtfelt Jr. secretary, C. H. llallon supertn
j tendent and J. J. Halpin transfer agent in New
! York City. Since the annual meeting F. J.
j Fletter, president of the corporation, died sud
! denly and a successor will be appointed.
The December output of the mine was 403
ounces of melted gold, valued at $is per ounce.
The quantity of ore milled during that month
was t>2S tons.
The Hutchineon Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25c per share, payable on
the 20th inst. Previous dividends were 50c per
share. Since January 1 the capital stock has
been doubled, so 2fio per share on the new
stock is equal to 50c on the old.
At the annual meeting of the Nevada Na
tional Hank on the 10th inst. the old directors
were re-elected as follows: John \V. Mackay
Henry F. Allen. D. N. Walter. James L'
Flood. 11. L. Dodge. ('. de Guigne. Lewis
Gentle, Robert Watt, Isalas W. Hellman, Levi
Ptrauss and John F. Bigelow. The board or
ganized by th<> reelection of the old officers
as follows: Isaias W. Hellman. president-
John F. Bigelow, vice president; I). B David
son, cashier; George Grant, assistant cashier
The president's report showed the best year
In the bank's history. Net profits. 5285.04S of
which $148,020 was for the last half. The earn
ings were over 9tf per cent. A dividend of 7
per cent was given to stockholders and $75 000
carried to surplus and undivided profits
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
' ■• FRIDAY. Jan.' 13
;-.■:' . Bid. Ask. l Rid akU-
Bonds— . Cent L& P 17 19
4s quarcoup..ll2%ll3V4 Mutual El Co! 12H 13
4s quar re«... — . — Oakland Gas.. 47U 4su,
4s quar ;i\\\. — — iPac Gas Imp. — Wj2
3s qua* c0up.. 107 107*4 Pac L C 0... ■ 4su 30
Mis;»-ie.iieous>— 6 F G& E SSU —
Cal-st Cab 55..1!2 — San Fran..""' 31? 1*
1 P cx 6 S c ::.-i3i &* Fl a s s sof o u c n k d s " -
P&CI Ry .114 - An lo-Cal . 65 _
Geary-st R ss. — 10J Bank of Ca! '"57 _
HC & S s>4s. - 10a Cal S1) & T 101 -
L, AL Co 65... 96 — First Nation 224 233
Do gntd G5...100 — Lon P& A 133 _
Market-st 6?.. .126 — Mer - Ex-hanee — IS
Do Ist M -55.. 116 V* - Nhv Nat Hank 176 -
C N G R 75. 107 — Savings Banks— '"■■'■ "'■
N Ry Cal 65..114U115 Ger S& L. 1650 v _
N Ry Cal 55. .110 111 Hum S■& L.1050 1160
N PCBK 63.104 106 Mutual Say — 4?
NPC R R us. 100 100% S F Say U. 457 —
N Cal H R 68. 98%1u5 SSI, 50...' _ 10.1
Oak Gas 55.... 109 112 Security S U 300 350
Ora Ry Os — .128 — Union T C 0..1400. .1400 _
P & Cl Ry 65. .104^4 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 109 — California ....109UU2
Powell-5t.65...120 122& Geary 4.-, ' _
Sac El Ryss.. — — Market-st .....CO 60U
SF& NP. as. 109% — Oak SL& H. _ _'*
SierraßCal 65.104V010r.V1. Presidio ....... — 111;
SPof Ar 65..109741HV* Powder— .. '*
3 P C65(1905-(i)U3Vill4 California .... — 16:1
PC 6s U»l2>l2lVi' — E Dynamite... 89 . —
SPCIs eg ss.liT> — I Giant Con Co. 59% 60
SPBr 6s 1221412314, ViR0rit ........ 3 3Vi
SV ! Water C 5.119% —■■ Miscellaneous— :
3 V Water. 4s. lo3V» — Al Pap Assn..iO6 106%
S V W4B<sdm). — — Ger I.c \Vk3...nr> —
Btktn Gas 65..104 . — Hana PI C 0... ISVi 1S"
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 58U 58V4
Contra Costa.. Cl 63 Hutch S P Co. 32% ■;■;-'
Marln C 0..;... 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 _ '
Spring Valley.lol^lo2 Oceanic S Co.. 64Vi —
Gas & . Electric— ■ Pac A A.... 1 11;
Capital Gas... — — : Pac C Bor Co. loo —
•Cent Gaslight. lo3 —. I Par Paint. Co.. 7 _
Morning Session.
: Board— V
30 Alaska Packers' Assn .:..: ....106 00
60 Central Light & Power 1750
60 Giant Powder Con ....■....'....;....,.. 60 00
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...:. 58 25
100 Hutchinson S P C 0..... ...:.,33 s2>;
150 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75"
40 Oakland Gas .........". 4*, 00
75 Oakland ' Gas, s 50;;.:....;-.:.......... 47 871'
600 Pacific Auxiliary. Fire Alarm 1 I2it
60 Pacific Auxiliary Fire A1arm........ 100
10 Pacific Lighting .....'.................. '49 00
15 S F Gas & Electric C 0..'..:.......... 86 00
$9000 S V 4 per cent bonds 103 25
Street— . : : . , - ■ •_ ..
20 Alaska Packers'. Assn.. 106 00
100 Bank of California ....• 257 aO
Afternoon Session.
5 Hutchinson S P C 0:........- ••• 33 75
$1000 Market St By Con 5 per cent bonds.ll6 o0
$12,000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 100 2»
43 Oakland Gas .. 4 $ 00
25 Oakland Gas. s 30..... *< "0
50 Oceanic S S Co M M
5 Spring Valley "Water 101 »
$3000 Spring Valley 4 per cent b0nd5...... 103 23 ■ .;
$6000 U S 4 per cent bonds (coup.; old).. 112 mi
INVESTMENT BOARD. - f
Morning Session.
Board —  ..
10 Oceanic • 6 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— , . . ■■■'.'' --: '
60 Central Light & Power ■• 1* jO
20 Equitable Gaslight 1< -•>
' 10 Equitable Gaslight 14 ?' '* ■
70 Equitable Gaslight ;..... 14 oO
20 Alaska Packers Assn 10600
100 Vigorit •• > 00
40 Oceanic 64 00
Street— _.
240 Equitable Gaslight ; • " £2
40 Giant .......... °» }£
25 Giant o9 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 38 SCO Sierra Nevada.. 72
200 Challenge ...... 12 200 Utah 10
100 Savage 08 ' 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 3S ' ICO Occidental 34
100 Gould & Curry. 26 1 600 Overman ....... On
200 Gould & Curry. 271100 Sierra Nevada.. 70
1000 Justice 151 50 Union Con 30
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board, yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 33i250Potosi 13
SO Best & Belcher. 39 1 300 Sierra Nevada.. .1
200 Crown Point ... 10 1 200 Union Con ...... 32
100 Ophir 50 200 Union Con 31
800 Overman 06 1000 Utah 10
800 Potosi 14 • ...
Afternoon Session.' .
200 Andes 05 1400 Justice 13
150 Best & Belcher. 38 j 100 Mexican 32
100 Best & Belcher 37Vi 100 Mexican 31
800 Bullion 03 100 Sierra Nevada.. 72
100 Chollar 13 300 Union Con ...... 32
200 Crown Point ... 101200 Union Con .. 31
100 Crown Point 11,300 Utah 11
700 Justice 141200 Utah '. 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Jan. 13—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. a Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... — 04 Julia — 04
Alta — 06 Justice 15 16
Andes 05 06 Kentuck 10 11
i Belcher 12 13 Lady Wash.... — 00
Benton Con ... 04 10 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 37 38 Occidental — 30
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 50 61
Caledonia 21 24 Overman 05 06
Chollar 13 14 Potost 13 14
Challenge Con. 11 13 Savage OS 09
Confidence 61 05 Scorpion — OS
Con Cal. & Va..l 25 130 Seg Belcher ... — 03
Con Imperial .. — 02; Sierra Nevada. 69 71
Crown .Point... 09 10 ' Silver Hi 11..... — 04
Con New York — 05 1 Syndicate — 10
Eureka Con .... — 301 Union Con .... 31 32
Exchequer — 03 Standard 190 —
Gould & Curry 26 27 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs. 09 101 Yellow Jacket. — 18
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
R R Veale, Martinez i\ C Burdick, Or
J Thieben. Sacto !L Pelton, Chgo
W W Prince, Sacto Mrs J A McGlll, Chgo
W R White. Berkeley ;G H Fellson & w. ■ Chg
J Carroll & w, Berkly J McDonald, Menlo
O C Williams, Ukiah Mrs H Thompson, L A
T Mayfleld, S Barbara Mrs J Baynon, Biggs
E Hansen, Oregon !D M Rowe & w. L Bns
H Brown. S Jose ,B A Ogden, Sonora
J Mathena, Sacto I Mrs Ogden, Sonora
H Todd. Oakland IB Ogden, Sonera
C L White. Sacto J W Heilig, Selma
5 E Wreen. Portland IMr&Mrs Lewis. Palo Al
A D Kubll. Jacksonvll P Thomas. Mill Valley
W .1 <'urren, L Ang- |H W Crabb, Oakville
C T Lindsay, Vlsalia W Rennle, St Helena
I, Davis. Salt Lake ,3 Flanigan, Bis River
B F Shepard, Fresno IE Flanigan, Big River
6 O Wells. Reno H A Flickinger, S Joae
Mrs E X Ames, NY S C Cromwell, Yreka
J M Hurlburt, L Ang J M Taylor, Angels
PALACE HOTEL.
A S Bacon, S Jose W L Linton, Montana
Mrs Bacon, S Jose Mrs Linton. Montana
F H Gowen. NY CM Bair, Montana
T J Field, Monterey Mrs Bair & c. Mont
O G Height, Illinois R J Bettell, Chile
V P Firmer, Illinois Mrs Bettell, Chile
P Rhernstrom, Clnn !R D H Vroom, N V
F H TilfoOD, Chicago jF B Drake, Toledo
Mrs Tillson. Chicago IN Chamberlain, Bostn
D Morrow, NY J D Rapelye. N V
L B Peekham. NY L Isaacs, Phila
J J Mack, Bakersfleld Mrs L T Boyson. X V
A J Burton, Lafayette Mrs Powning, Reno
O M Wooster. S Jose Miss Bourne. Reno
C P Braslau, S Jose W H T Robinson. N V
W M Rash, Salt Lake W S. Hobart. S Mateo
J Glanders. Portland F Miller, S Monica
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Kent. Alabama 3 3 Wilson, Callstoga
R Russell. S Jose B Franklyn, Boston
C B Holland, Chicago J Alexander, Stocktoa
B Stelnetz & w, N V C M Smith. Sacto
T Dwyer, NY F Roberts, Fresno
J H Hall, S Jose J L Lackey, L Gatos
F Parker. Petaluma M Ford. Ukiah
C Williams. Buffalo C L Ross. Fresno
J Tormey & w. Wash] Miss Reed, Westmlnstr
G E Reed, Duluth I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. January 13.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 33 hours from Monte
rey and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORT.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 13— Stmrs Green
wood and Alcazar, hence Jan 12.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock* every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; T»n until 9 o'clock.
ZS2C Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, -jsiiutttaw
i. O. O. F. THIS KVKMXG. efgSKjEi:
Third degree will be conferred.
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M. -^W^
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from S. S. Taylor, in the Silver Star
Flume andMiningCompany'smine, near Span-
ish Ranch, Plumas Co., to deposit tailings in
a worked out pit; from H. S. Byam. in the
Binanza claim, in Amador Co., near Michi-
gan Bar, to deposit tailings in Arkansas
Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, in the Badger
Hill Mine, at Cherokee, Nevada Co., to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit. gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Janu-
ary 30, 1^99, at 1:30 p. m.
NOTICE of Stockholders' Meeting— Office of
the Mountain Ice Company of California 327
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.— Notice is
hereby given that in accordance v.ith a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of said board, duly convened
and held on the 16th day of December 189S
a special meeting of the stockholders of the '
Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February
18!i9, at the office of the company at 3 :> 7
Market Et.. in the city arid county of San
Francisco, State of California, the «ome be-
ing the principal place of business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the building
where the board of directors usually meet
The object and purpose of snid stockhold-
ers' meeting is to then and there take into
consideration and act upon a proposition I
t.> diminish the capital .■took of said com-
pany Ironi Ihree hundred thousand ($3OO 000) i
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000) j
shares of the par value of one hundred ($100)
dollars each, to thirty thousand ($3O 000) :
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000) !
Bhares of of the par value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors -
JOSEPH MARTIN
Secretary of the Mountain Ice Company of
California.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The an~null~meet^
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the offlc- of the com-
pany. 222 Market Et., Pan Francisco, on
TUESDAY, January 24, ISP9. at 11:30 o'clock i
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of !
directors to serve for the ensuing year and '
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN, Secretary
Office. 222 Market St., San Francisco Cal !
January 9. I&S. I
TIIK regular annual meetinn of the stockhoKU !
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will 1
be held at the office of the company. 327 Mar- :
ket street. San Francisco, California on :
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 18J8, a t I
11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing j
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu- <
Insf year, and for the transaction of such i
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 10, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A LOAN can be had on your plane without I^7
moval. or we will buy It. UXCLE HARRIS
IS Grant nve.. near Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.,^-"'
BAD tenants ejected for $■»; collections mad» ;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ct.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st!
SPECIAL i NOTlCES— Continued.
THF secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
eirls and boys have been admitted to the in-
stitution from July 1. IS9B. to January 1, 1899:
Matilda Zimmerman. 6 yrs. ; Margaret Ke?-
llne-er 4 yrs. ; Eugenia V. Kloss, 3 yrs. .8
mos : Annie V. Kloss. 2 yrs. 3 mos: Claudine
F Moller. 5 yrs. 8 mos. ; Sophia H. Hoppe,
B 'yrs- Eva Mclntyre, 8 yrs. 6 mos.; Olive
M J Jo«!in C yrs.; ■ Edith; M. Joslln 3 yrs.;
Edna V. Joslin, 3 yrs. ; Myrtle Leigh 3 yrs.:
Genevieve Adams, 8 yrs. ;/ Mary Adams. 8
yrs.; Albert Zimmerman, 9 yxs. ; Harry
Hayne. 10 yrs.; Adolph Hayne, 7 Vrs. 3 : mos :
Otto W. Moller. 4 yrs.: Johannes E. Moller 7
vrs.; Wesley L. Marshall. 7 yrs. : = Leslie E.
Montrose, 8 yrs. 4 mos.; Edwin Fisher .jr*..
Alexander Williams, 'S. yrs.; George M
Adams, 11 yrs.; Nelson J. Adams, .10 > rs. .
Harry Lane. 6 yrs.; James Adams 8 yrs. ,
William Adams. 4 yrs., and Clarence Haw-
kins, 7 yrs. ' -■ •
SINCE July 1. 1598. the orphans admitted into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female— Annetta Antonia. 1
years; Camellia Hawkins, 9; Ada Haley. 9.
Marguerite Kaisar. 6; Carrie B. Pickett, 7;
Pearl Hunter. 10; Katie Riordan. 5. Male-
Harry Antonia. 2 years 3 months: William
Rohling, 3 months: George Hunter. 2 years
6 months; Harold Hunter. 4 years 3 months;
Thomas O'Neil. 3; Bert de Shields, 5 years
6 months; Fred de Shields. 3 years 6 months;
Thomas Riordan, 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston. 5; Irene
Gam«rston. 9; Catherine Shepherd, 4 years 6
months; Lyda shepherd. 9. Male— Jacob
Smith. 10; Osar Smith. 7; Fred Smith, 5
years; Jennie Shlhade. 6 years. _
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1897, to Decem-
ber 31. 1898: Frank Swett, age 4 years;
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years; Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years; Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years;
Ruth Dougherty. 4 years; Lillie Aubertlne,
5 %ears. - ' • - '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, 1899, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31. 1898, at the
rate' of eeven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on end after the 16th inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
16th in»t., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Janury 4, 1899.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 63 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at . the
oifice of the company, 327 Market St., on
ard after Friday, January 20. 1899. Transfer
bcoks will close on Saturday, January 14.
1899, at 12 o'clock noon.
: E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN with a girl desires situation; good
cook; best references; country. MISS CCL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ' ■ '
HOTEL waitresses, cooks and servants for all
work supplied promptly and special pains to
suit customers by leaving your orders with
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED, refined young lady desires
position as seamstress in private family or
institution; first-class references. Address, by
letter, M. C, 531 Lyon st
WOMAN, first-class cook, wants cooking or
general housework in small family; good city
reference. Box 1420, Call office.
PROTESTANT girl wishes situation to take
care of a baby or assist in upstairs work.
Address box 1428, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
very best of reference given. Apply room
24, Flood building.
MIDDLE-AGED woman of years' experience
wishes situation as nurse. 454 Clementina st.
SITUATION by a girl 15 years of age in a
respectable private family without children
to assist in • light housework for room and
board. Address F. M., box 1449, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good references. 587 O'Farrell.
COMPETENT Norwegian woman wishes cook-
ing or laundry work by the day or washing
and mending at home. 262 Tehama St.; rear.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation as
working housekeeper or in lodging-house.
Call at 120 Sixth St.. room 1, first floor.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladles who are temporarily emba;-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes chamberwork
or any kind of work by the day or week.
326 Minna st. ■
YOUNG German cook wishes situation: wages
$25 to $30. Address 4073 Twenty-fourth st.
EXPERIENCED cook and baker; hotel or mmm-
ing 1 camp; references. Address box 1426. Call.
LADY wishes position as cashier; cafe or
restaurant preferred; city or country; refer-
ence. Address box 1239, Call.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
general housework; prefers good home more
than wages. Address 117 Juniper st. ■
YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
work. Apply 172 Russ st.
SITUATION — Young girl wants work in
family in city for slight remuneration while
attending college. Address G. C. S.. Ala-
meda office. -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 SO to $•
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WASTED MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all klnda
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. tel. East 438.
SITUATION by practical American pruner; 30
years' experience; orchard and vineyard
work; 4 years last place; best references;
sober and willing worker; small wages and
found; punctual - and strictly reliable. Ad-
dress or call room 29, 111,4 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED man around house wishes po-
sition; - handy with tools; good driver, gar-
dener and first-class horseman. Box 1422, Call.
YOUNG man as collector, office work cr any
position of trust; good security; capable. 311
Taylor st.
RESTAURANT cook, who has worked in San
Francisco's best houses, wishes situation of
any kind. Box 1419, Call office.
JAPANESE, honest young boy, desires posi-
• tion as waiter, general housework and ex-
pert plain washing. C. HABATA, 418 A Post.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, recelr-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant aye., near Market st.
BY a married man who understands the care of
horses or who would be will to do any
kind of work. R. F., 1331 Fifteenth aye..
South San Francisco. •
YOUNG man with good references and recom-
mendations, sober and industrious, desires
position as clerk or collector where there is
a chance of advancement. Box 1439, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, German; understands
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
ing; private place; handy and willing: small
wages and good home. Box 1438, Call.
YOUNG man, 20, wishes employment in a
wholesale house or grocery store; best refer-
ences. Address J. JACOBSQN, Golden Gate
station, Alameda, Cal.
POSITION by person of experience, nurse In
sanitarium, institution or otherwise; oppor-
tunity of practice more an object than
wages. Address box 1445, Call office.
WANTED— Position as janitor, light porter,
watchman or any position of trust; can fur-
nish highest references and testimonials as
to integrity and sobriety. Box 1447, Call.
WANTED— Position as engineer, fireman or
night watchman by young man; will give
cash security as to responsibility. . Address
box 1347, Call.
! PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day or
month for property owner or estate; has all
. necessary shop tools ; ref. Box 1429-, . Call. ,
SITUATION wanted by a young man who un-
derstand* the care of horses and garden;, a
. good driver and porter. Address box 1457, Call.
GARDENER— wanted by practical
man; city or country. Address 1722 Webster
St., Alameda.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as helper on
cakes ; Oakland preferred. Address Sl3 Cen-
ter St., Oakland. SMIiSII
SITUATION by American market gardener, or
I will work on shares. Address box 1425. Call.
j COLORED waiter wants situation as above, or
any place where can be- made -useful; ab-
stainer; age 24; good reference. H. ALEX,
32G Pacific St., room 39.
1 YOUNG married man would like any kind of
I employment; handy with machine tools; first-
\ class references as fireman. Box 1290, | Call.
SITUATION by German; well acquainted with
grocery and wine business; grind barkeeper;
can keep books. Address box 685, Call of fie*.
1 FIRST-CLASS shoemaker/German ' with best
of experience on custom, and pattern, would
like situation; city or country. ' R. Z., Dan-
vllle. Contra Costa County.
SITUATION wanted by young man in office,
store or hotel; understands 4 languages, book-
-keeping and • correspondence. Box 1351, Call.
\ GOOD painter, paper hanger and, whitener, hav-
ing complete outfit' of tools, wants work: city
or country. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
WANTED— By ■ young man and wife, positions
as valet, or butler and maid: will travel;
best references. ' Box 1489, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents -The Weekly" Call.
16 pages/in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per. year.J; ; : \ ; HELP — FEMALE. '; ' :
VTXNTBD— Protestant cook, private family,
.-.'•• /•atly/ $30; German cook, $30, no wash:
'•• - , ; an -'waiter and parlor maid, $25; 3
"•; ; h second girls. $20 and $25; French
■■-. V .■;-. to travel. $15; Scotch. English or
. ,\-. :'• i.-.0/ Ireland nurse, ?25; French cook,
•;;. /.i< : waitresses, city and country hotels
. ,:; -laurunts and private boarding houses.
..j.V.-JG a- week and $20 and $22 50 a month.
.- : ". vi*. also- .want 3J uirls for housework at $20
'.-. :'"••'.. S-3. City and country. Also 50 young
■ >.ctV for housework at $.15. Come rain or
-.:.•>. Saturday. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
.■.'••.Sutter st.
v .NTpb— 3 waitresses, country hotels, $20 and
-.•.-:.;:. 4 "waitresses, city, $20 and $5 week; 2
: :ioh girls for cooking and housework, $2t)
. ;..i SoLv # 2 girls as cook and second girl, same
. ;is.\ $20 and $la; Gorman waitress and par-
; r maid. Jl'.i; German or Vienna cook, no
wish. J3O; German second girl. $20; Scotch
nurse-. _nd second Kirl, $25; French ladies'
maid, -$25; a large number of girls for cook-
-Ihg.ang housework in city and country, both
American and Gorman families, at $15 to $30;
.too. man>' to advertise' separately. J. F.
1 rIOSE.TT & CO., 31ti Sutter st.
•"•FRENCH second girls. $20. MISS CULLEN.
3is; Sutter st.
1 NEAT second girls, 515 each. MISS CUL-
L'EJC.. 325 Sutter Et.
N*EA"_ girl, light housework, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. "325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEX. .325
Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sinter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 JSutter st.
GOOD 'housework girt, $25; nice place. MISS
CX.'LLEN, 2'ii Sutter st^ r
NEAT girl' as companion and do light house-
work._ $S. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $35; second pirl, $C 5: seamstress, 525;
German governess, J25; German maid and
seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
J .WAITRESSES, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN;
325 o Su,Uer st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Phone Grant ISS
2 waitresses, country hotel, $20, fare paid;
2 waitresses, country hotel. $22 50; 3 wait-
resses, city, first-class private boarding
house. $20: 3 chambermaids and waitresses,
$20; pantry girls, $15: starcher. country hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
C.-.R. HA'NSEN A CO Phone, Grant 185
.2 second girls i French). $20: 25 iris tor gen-
eral housework, $15 to $25; 3 first-class cooks,
$:>5. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GIKLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp Of.. 1243H Park St.. Alameda.
WA.NTED^~Young girl to look after two chil-
dren and 'assist in upstairs work; wajjes, £10.
J2l Frederick st.
ON Feb. 1, -middle-aged Protesant lady for
light housekeeping; state wages. Box, ICS,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts; steady employment. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— A good waitress a: SiS Fourth
street.
GIRL for housework, American family, $26;
also upstairs girl, $25. 631 Larkin st.
GIRL to. assist in kitchen and dining-room.
102 Bartlett St.. corner Twenty-second.
COMPETENT French or German cook; city
reference required. Call at 2319 Buchanan st.
Friday and Saturday mornings. 10 to 12.
SERVANT girl, German; must live home. 1053
Market -St.; upstairs.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS". 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts:
a 'few. Inexperienced hand? taken and taught.
LITVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont st.
2 WEEKS" sewing free, beginning this week.
Keister Tailoring College, 424 Geary st.
LEARN • dressmaking and millinery: positions
free':- patterns. Be up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
. . HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city: city
experience and references required; $35 per
' month and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626
Clay it.. ■
WANTED- 1 C, for gentleman's place,
near city: references required; $30 per month
and. found. W. D. EWER <fe CO., 625 Clay.
"WAN-TED — Gardener for private place, near
city: $25 per month and found; references re-
quired.
Metal spinner for steady lob, near city. $2
to $2 25 per day; farmers and others; 2 min-
ers. $32 per month. W. D. EWER & CO.,
€28 Clay Et.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
."..-.. WANT TO-DAY
60 woodchoppers....,..., $2.50 to $,l.card.
Gs,tfe maker 5.....'.;.*.".'..'...... ....'.;.*.".'. .'..... Sc.to 12c each
2 milkers - 5 farm hands
2 <fhote boys for ranches and orchards- ■. .
Bee'inin for a large bee ranch.. " ■'.': and found
stableman, city
..'.,\. '....'. MURRAY & READY,
=...,;..../.:.-. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 BAKERS, "siO and found, city Job
Thifrl hand baker, city $30 and found
Cc^Ks '...', waiters dishwashers
• MU-RRAY-& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
DRY.-GOoFs clerk. MURRAY & READY, C 34
. dnd' CS6.CIay Bt.
2 -B-VTCHERS, city and country. $40 and $25
.-«hd : found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 635
• Clay .s"t.
GARDENER, florist; see boss here. MURRAY
, & .READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HAN.-;. & CO.'S, 'Phone Grant 185.
■" Driver .for a milk wagon, city, $30 and found;
• metal spinner, country. $2 to $2 23 a day;
° German or American choreman for a resort.
■$20' and- found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
• Geary st. _
WE s?h!iJ for Skatruay Monday. Jan. 16. fare
$12 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, $25. C. R.
'HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class fruit farmer; off! boy,
'$2 50 week; 6 miners. $35 and $40 and $2 coy
and -board; Italian-Swiss milker. $22 50 month;
carpenter and machinist for mine, $4'J and
found; cooks, waiters, kitchen men and
other*. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacroaiento st. ■'..-;• -"• " :
WAITED— 3 miners, $35 and :$4O and board; la-
borers for mine. $26; carpenter and pump-
man for mine. $40 a:. . board: colored cook,
$35, and ojhers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _;
CO., C 23 Sacramento st."
BELL boy; $5 per* month and found. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 waiters for country: wages $2.".
and found. Apply at 15 Stockton St., Pacific
Coast Walters' Association: no fee.
MAN and wife to cook and wait on table on
large farm. Call Monday and Tuesday fore-
noons room 3. 132 Market st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
mbornlng: wages $3. 26 Ninth st.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
1G81»,4 Mission st. __^
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 182S
LUight st. ■ - |
, BARBER at 112 A First Ft. ,
GOOD second cook wanted; small wages; in
small, restaurant. Apply 129 Fourth st.
WAXTED— Lunch waiter. 232 First at.
BARBER to buy shop at bargain; must sell
at once. 1055 Market st.
WANTED Experienced operators to sew on
men's ehirts and underwear; a few inexperi-
enced wlllbe taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2'p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO., 29-31 Bat-
lery st.
MEN. attention!— Pacific House, corner Leldea-
dorff and Commercial sts. ; rooms, per night,
121-je, 20c and 2Jc; per week. 75c, $1 anrl $1 25.
LADIES or srents can make $10 to $15 per week
at-thelr homes. 331 Kearny st., room 18.
WAXTED— Young butcher. lIS Seventh st.
TO go this week— 300 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from r.Oc to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
MKN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day. and expenres; cash every week; par-
ticulars for 2-eont stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO., San Francisco. Cal.
$10O,Ct0,CO0 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate
goods in war»h.juse nd in bond, or on valu-
v ables of all kinds at 13 Orant aye.. near Mar-
-1 ket St., UNCLE HARRIS.
RECRUITS wanted for' The' United States Ma-
rlne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
. unmarried men between the n,,-es of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States
" those who; have legally tler-lared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good rhar-
" acter and habits and able to speak read and
. write English, anil be Letwecn o ff-et 5 inches
and 6 feet In height For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Fills at
Fan Fran. Cal.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmith*
_for ships. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart «t. "
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. 11.. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 11G4.
MKN to learn barber trade; easy termii! 1542
Market st.
MEN and women to 'earn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SV« Eighth st.
BARBERS'. Association Free Employment
Of ftce t ■ 8. F.UCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
THY' Lfndell House, Sixth and Howard stH.;
. thoroughly renovated; 200 rroi.; 15c, 25c night.
WANTED— At Montana House 764V4 Mission
st./'men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
Eight; jlOc. POc and $1 per week. . .
; . - . •_■;■ ' ■-- ■ 'i
HELP WaXTED- Continued.
ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. . Elcho House. SSSVa Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 2.".c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
! TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 2."> c a night: $1 a week.
; WINCHESTER use. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 2.'c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
j AGENTS WANTED.
WE have a paying proposition li make Pacific
Coast agent.-; write us. THOc. FOOTE CO..
3" B_uchet St., Los Angeles.
AGENT ".var.ted to sell good article and take
orders. 32 Belcher Bt. . '-'•.■
ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN want!, in first-class locality,
board and large heated room with bath and
water closet attached. Box 1423, Call office.
YOUNG married couple want warm housekeep-
ing rooms: reasonable; before 2 p. m. MR.
HAMILTON. 409 Minna St.
WAXTEI)-ItHSUEIXA.sEOOS.
WANTED— Second-hand Regina or sympho-
nlum; cheap. Address box 1454. Call office.
MEDICAL..
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st.. has returned
!■ to the city and resumed business; a sure and
I safe cure for all female diseases from what-
I ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
| aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
! though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
| etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
i lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
I dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
' pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
1 sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
j treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay: home In con-
finement: skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box. sent free by mail
on receipt of price", consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
I ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicines or Instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure. $5.
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used; guaranteed cure
I at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly : consult
free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure in 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints: no instru-
ments: maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure $.". Removed from 4011) Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
; DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
j clallst: all monthly Irregularities restored;
1 whatever cause: all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write: confidential. 1023U Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS A CO., *06 Clay st.;
11l Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
i ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
: female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
: expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
( OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
jnELLEVTE ?anrtarlum— Ladies cared for
ing confinement.. 727 Bel'evue aw.Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. I">6 Second St.: U_ Green 52.
EDUCATIONAL,.
; ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
-1 eral, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
: struction, mechanical drawing.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
Healds' Business College. 24 Post st.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; classes now forming; term. 6 mo.,
$75 piano: languages. French and Spanish,
course. $30; special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms 6 and
20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate aye.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as. teacher
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
fvening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE,
1236 Market st.
! AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar. Juvenile class, $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
- A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
EOc hour: excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Leipslc; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 paifs. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at .
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings,
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee: painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3: fill-
Ings 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student: employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $S; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 36c: 22k. gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge. $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
CROOME Dental Office; best work: lowest
prices; painless extracting, filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; filling,
COc up. 759 Market, bet. 3d & 4th; est 20 yrs.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
COLTON Dental \esociatlon. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES -V. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR.' H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; .set of teeth
$4: f.lllnp. gold. 50? : stiver. 2.tc: crown«. $3.
""horses. ~~~ ; -■ .
FOR sale — 50 head, of. horses suitable for any
business; also lot of harness; at Turk-st. car
stables. 1801 Turk st. ■
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednei-
flay. SULLIVAN & POYLK. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ~
100 SET second-hand harness; ■ wagons, carts,
bu Kgles. surreys- and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
TYi'K\.V itITEUS.
Ail typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale, cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 . Montgomery.'
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph. 115: Yost, $25;
get cample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
JSINESS CHANCES. .
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar; 10 living
rooms; rent $45; established 25 years; full
value in eight; choice location: north of Mar-
ket at. M. LESS, .765 Market st. -
A— $1800; FIRST-CLASS restaurant; north of
Market St., vicinity large public building,
where thousands, pass daily; receipts $40 to
$50; cause sale, owners going East. M. LESS,
765 Market st. -
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar In Western
Addition; established S years; doing a busi-
ness from $900 to $1200 a month. M. LESS,
765 Market st. '
$425— CANDY, cigars and branch bakery and
living rooms; old-established business; north
of Market; bears investigation. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms; rent $18;
owner there 15 years. LESS, 765 Market st
RESTAURANT; principal etreet; estab-
lished 25 years; receipts $14; 4 living rooms:
partners cannot agree; genuine offer; investi-
gate. LESS. "65 Market st.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted In old-established
commission business; first-class; paying. Cali
WILKE & UNFUQ. 906 Market st.
$450; CORNER grocery and bar on Folsom
St.; living rooms; rent $25; must be sold In 3
days; owner called to New . York City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKE UNFUG, 908
Market st. "*.•.•■■.=■■■■;
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
postofflce in lively country town; no oppo-
sition: building, two lots 25x150, $2000; stock
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market t>',
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms; rent $25: choicest location in Mission;
nr. 16th St.; fine bargain: owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of,
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $43.
WILKE & UNFUQ, 906 Market st.
A — TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., lOOSV2 Market et.
I A— s3oo; SOBER, steady man wanted in estab-
; lished business; pays $75 a month to each
] yearly. MOON & CO., IOOSMs Market st.
A— s4oo; HALF cash; old-established business;
good team; will clear $125 a month; full in-
vestigation. MOON & CO., 100SH Market st.
A— s2so; corner saloon; 2 card rooms; $20 d*ily;
a snap. KREDO & CO., tSU Geary st.
A— slsoo; restaurant, near Market; $60 dally;
best ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22M: Geary,
A— s4so; bazaar; large stock hardware, crockery,
etc.: cheap rent; living rooms. KREDO & CO.
$125— CORNER fruit store. Western Addition;
rent $12; living rooms: owner 3 years. STEN-
BERG CO., 26^ Kearny st.
' FINE corner saloon; Mission; old estab-
lished; doing good business. STENBERG
CO., 26% Kearny st.
; $200— RESTAURANT; partner wanted; bargain.
S 632 Market St., room 8.
I THEATRICAL business; partner wanted.
Particulars at 632 Market St., room S.
! PARTNER wanted on account of sick-
ness; old-established business; to attend cash
i counter; will clear $60 each per month. See
; M. LOEWENSTEIN. 34 Kearny; rms. 10 & 11.
I $600— GREAT bargain; French restaurant; 23c
meals; best location; doing fine business. BA-
■ SILE. S73S Market st.
A— s2oo; PARTNER wanted; $18 to $25 a week
each; trial given: no expeiience required.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
' $75— BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions,
I toys; worth $130; must sell. JONES, £65 Mkt.
! EXTRA location for harness shop or other
business, with 3 living rooms; also barber
! Ehop and 2 living rooms. Inquire ROBIN-
SON, 22Vi Geary St., room 27.
LADY with Sl5O can secure partnership in a
j first-class summer hotel; 30 furnished rooms;
' old established and fashionable; Investigation
invited. Address box 1421. Call office.
! WANTED— A responsible and live promoter to
push a big deal with millions in sight. Ad-
dress or see C. W. HALL. Grand Hotel, city.
A— s2oo; SALOON; 2 cardrooms; rent $15; must
sell to-day. 306 Minna st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000
! and $4000 stock on hand; will sell very rea-
sonable; owner going out of business; 60 mlle3
east of Sacramento. For further information
inquire at 209 Mason st.
i GOOD corner grocery and bar; Al stock and
j fixtures; computing scales; cheap if taken at
i once. Inquire Call office.
■ $350 CASH will buy a saloon and bparding-
[ houee. Address box 1427. Call office.
j $30 PER share; 10 shares capital stock of realty
syndicate; par value $100. 503 California, r. 318.
I BAKERY In Redwood City; . good outside and
inside trade; 4 horses, 2 wagons: fine stock;
a- bargain; account of • sickness. » Apply Call.
WANTED— Barber to buy old-established busi-
ness. L. TROST, 616 Clay st.
1 FOR sale— A good harness business in a lively
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown,
Tuolumne Co., Cal. . / »
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2029 Mission st^ _________
! CIGAR stand; if sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 304 Fourth St.
: COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING. HOUSES FOR SALE.
1250^^'v'FURN'lTUUE— 8 ROOMS..
Worth $500
35 rooms, $650, cash price $1500
26-room house; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter 5t.... 450
82 rooms; reduced from $3000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market st; rent $40 430
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner. 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$400—10 ROOMS; new: elegant furniture: must
sell; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$430— 19-ROOM house; rooms all rented. For
sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
50 ROOMS— all bay-windows ;. clears
! $200 month; price $1600. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; Bush: parlors for millinery — 550
11 rooms; rent $20; clears $40 .225
14 rooms; best on Stockton: a snap 500
21 rooms; Mission at.; clears $100 1200
23 rooms; Fifth; fine .business corner 600
35 rooms; Grant aye.; corner; new 1400
45 rooms; best corner Kearny st 1300
$4000: 240 rooms: guaranteed to clear $350
per month: trial given. KREDO & CO.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms: good condition;
owner leaving; $150. 560 Minna, 2 to 4 p. m.
COMPLETELY furnished rooming house (73
rooms) to rent, with privilege of buying;
centrally located: doing good business. Ad-
dress box 652. Call.
LODGING-HOUSE, 31 roomB; all light rooms;
$7£o. 739 Folsom st.
LADIES, if you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
~~ FOR SALE— 3IISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
NEW 22-ft. gasoline launch. 8 h. p. engine,
speedy, $325; will take sloop or small schoon-
er in trade. Address box 1448. Call office.
BRANCH bakery: $50: 3 living rooms con-
nected with It: rent $10; call to-day; no
agents. 911^ Larkln St..
$16— LATEST style Singer tailor machine;
large oak table; must sell. 812 A Filbert st. .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-101S-1021-102J Mission at.,
above Sixth. ■
GENT'S 14 karat gold stcmwlndlng American
watch for $20; cost $45. UNCLE HARRIS,
. 15 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine: improved pa-
tent sparker; guaranteed. 648 Mission; cheap.
TOOLS & machinery; every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 64$ Mission.
WANTED— S to 10 cases of eggs per week. Box
1317, Call office
GASOLINE launch: good condition and fast:
price $1250. Box 1301. Call office.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co., tel. Br. 331, 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. - "■ : ■-■ ■ • '
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl • barber washstands. cheap.
HTTFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate »v».
■ ■
C'JIPET CLEANING.
"ciTY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
• moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth Bt. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
ing Works. 353-337 Tehama fit.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. '■■
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 544.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. ■;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126. .
personals.
notice";
wm. ehrenpfort
retiring sale.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers its stock of • CARPETS, LINO-
LEUMS. WINDOW SHADES, ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been in
business 45 years, and its reputation for high-
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
must be disposed of within 10 days. This
sale means the positive closing of the old re-
liable house located at 1323 Market st.
i ANY information concerning JOHN J. GOLDEN
! will be most gratefully received by his mother,
MRS. M. A. GRAHAM, 35S Linden aye., San
j Francisco, CaL
i FRAULEIN LORENZEN of Glucksburg call at
36% Geary st. DORIS MOLTZEN.
j JOHN— you tried that 25c dinner at the
Ralston? Salad, soup, fish. chicken, roast
I goose, asparagus, icecream, English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac. It's a ]
1 DOc dinner for 25c. The Ralston. 783 Market. I
LEDERER— Is the leader in hairdresslng here;
employs artists only: charges but 25c for styl-
ish coiffures; switches $1 up. LEDERER'S
Foama, fine shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
■ 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! DON'T let that worry you; LEDERER'S Qui-
! nonia Is the Hair Tonic that will make your
I hair grow. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall; all kinds fancy work to order. K.
j YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st.
1 JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 607 Larkin st.
! CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
! H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
THE MODERN. 31 4th, nr. Mkt.— Baths, 12% c;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
! CLOTHING, especially ladies" and children's;
] highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
! HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
i MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. Ill" Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post St.
SILK or cloth dress, $5 to $6; dress made over;
perfect fit. 3 Eddy, MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' , French Tailoring
College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
i all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
j rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and mi-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
j she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
I MRS. MENA FRAWCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
i MRS ELLIS: testa to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. 8; 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia at.
clairvoyants]
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at 1023% Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% Mkt.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson st, cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and 'card reader: -
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St.. ■ now 928 Mis- i
s4on. bet. sth 'and 6th; and 50c; no sign.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis st. room 4. ' »- .;■ ■
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
musical instruments.
a^^'sTpler^on^hTnstXll^^s'and
UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright....'. $2a5 00
Stelnway upright 187 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00 i
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
• 136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains;
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS—
Rogers & Bacon, upright; good order $95
Neuman, upright; thoroughly repaired 145
Henry Miller, upright: cabinet grand 390
Chlckerlng, upright; good as new...;...,.. 285
All guaranteed: sold on easy payments.
BEN.I. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering Agents,
16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ami
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ,
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market «t. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
AN elegant almost new Hallett & Davis up-
right; cheap. Room 10, Flood building.
W. G. BADGER, 416 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent; 308 Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chlckerlng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
NEARLY new. upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and nejy. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
. _____ „
lost.
LOST— A fox terrier pup; liberal reward. 1342
■ Market St.. SCHRADER. City Hall Market.
Monday night, near Native Sons' Hall,
a diamond star: finder will receive liberal re-
ward. Apply 310 Sansome st.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.. near Market St., the
surety is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment: private
entrance and private rooms. .
LOST— A pass book with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ELIJAH SHAW, No. 196-1093. The
finder will please return to bank. . . ;
— _______
FOUND.
FOUND— Horse, on Broadway. Call at 1313
Baker st ■
~" ATTORNEYS at law.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, ; cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. . W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. f
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open f'gs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
PHYSICIANS. .■ ■
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, -1021% Market, bet. 6th and. 7th.
■■'':■»-■>.-..■ t. ~ '.>--; * •■>■ ' '• . .' ■■ ■ ' ■ . '■ \ •
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
PERRY. 212 - — Bay-window house, 4 room*;
rent. $12 50; water free. Apply to O. H. •
'.UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye..
near Market st. '-
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. ■ :',■-■- : :
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
$25— MODERN sunny furn. flat, 5 rooms, bath
and laundry. 3166 Twenty-third, nr. Howard.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY^bay^wlndow cottage, 5 rooms; flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1876"* loth st, hr. Dolores.
, FLATS TO LET.
I ALMOST new flat; 5 large sunny rooms, bath,
store room. 27 Elgin Park, near Market at.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on alamonds. watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
MCALLISTER, 635— Sunny flat of 8 rooms; rent
reduced to $25; bath and gas.
JEWELL, near Pine— Elegantly furnished up-
per flat; 6 rooms and "bath. Box 1450. Call.
SUNNY finely finished flats; 6 and 7 rooms,
baths and large basements: 721 Fourteenth St.,
near junction Market and Flllmore sts.: rents
$18 and $20. ; ■
SUNNY modern lower flat; 5 rooms and bath.
224 Diamond St.. above Nineteenth.
3 LARGE sunny rooms, with kitchen; bath-
room. 1136 ; Folsom st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladles are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st.
CLAY, 2419. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: yard; water; rear; $7. ,
EDDY, 817 — Desirable sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; upper, floor; private residence.
FILLMORE. 2114 — sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping. .
FOLSOM, Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping- rent $12 50. ■ -
GEARY, 14A— Good rooms and beds for $1 per
week; alßo sunny suite; cheap.
HOWARD. Rooms, $1 to $5; per night, 25c
to $1; also housekeeping.
**KEARNY, Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; also sunny front rooms; reasonable.
LABKIN, 613—3 neat sunny housekeeping
rooms; also front room; kitchen; $15 up.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen. '
MINNA, 620%— 2 nice sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms, suitable for 2 ladles or man and
• wife; no children.
MISSION, 563—1 or 2 nice housekeeping rooms;
cheap.
NATOMA, 6388— furnished room for house-
keeping; private family. ■
SEVENTH, 454, cor. Bryant— A sunny B-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3. -
SIXTH, 216%— large sunny front rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable; adults.
TURK, 33— Furnished rooms, single or en suite;
also 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms. ;
WASHINGTON. 2907— Upper floor of 3 large,
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath; rent $16.
: ROOMS TO LET.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
! CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
•ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
. in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BIRCH aye.. 507 A, near Octavia— bay-
window room; furnished • or ; unfurnished;
rent $6.
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market St.— Suites, $15
. per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tcl.
BOHEMIA. ; 239 Post— Elegant cor. sunny suites
and single rooms to families -and gentlemen;
.. all conveniences; elevator, etc.; reasonable.
r BRUNSWICK— Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en Suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
% $1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
• cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, ' 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
- furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 118 — Sunny, pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 207— Nice single room, $5; double, $8
and $10; with gas and bath.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics* House)— Rooms, single
or suite. $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FILLMORE, 1100 — 3 elegant sunny corner rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping or professional
office.
FURNISHED— Two single rooms for rent. Ap-
ply 2929 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. ■
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk.. $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. . Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third— 3 sunny rooms; yard; bath.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished . sunny
rooms and bath, $1 per week and up.
MASON, Nicely furnished sunny single
room; $2 per week up.
MISSION, Furnished, comfortable rooms,
$3 50 per month; rear.
MISSION, Front single furnished room
to let. '
MISSION, 2533— Partly furnished 8 rooms: mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for
doctor. __
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home; reasonable. 534 Turk st.
NINTH. 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms; run-
ning water; private family.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE. 614 A,' near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.. near Market st. . . .. ■
SEVENTH, 214— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
' suitable for' l- or 2.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Large front parlor, suitable for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms;
single and en suite; reas. ; housekeeping.
TWELFTH. 40. near Market— furnished
front room, for 1 or, 2: with, gas; $6 or $7.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able. .  . .
FIRST. 415— Swedish private • boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmcunt. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect: tabl«
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
eultes, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
• on them at UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye..
• near 'Market st. • i 4 "•■ .■ ' ~
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
IN good home; mother's care; reasonable: near
school. Call at 1052 East 16th St.. Oakland.
: STORES TO LET. j
VALENCIA, 479, near Sixteenth— Fine large
store, plate glass front; rent $25. ASHTON
& GARDINER. .
PACIFIC, 324 and 325, corner Sansome— Large,
handsome stores: very cheap. :.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market «t
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents %13 50
to $20. ASHTON A GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices: single
or suite. 1206 Market st.. cor. Golden Gate.
SEWING MACHINES. "
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
' TO LEASE. .-•■- ~
Tl?E~St?^'liarles^Hotel, Redwood City;
ly renovated; to lease; rent reasonable. Ap-
• ply H. C. SMITH, Hotel St. Nicholas, city.
1• : ■ • - ■ • ■ .-. , :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 521 X St.. Sunset District."
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GOVERNMENT lands located; scrip or home-
stead: entry. For information apply to J. C.
RICE, between 3 and 5 p. m., at surveyor's
office. 11 Montgomery st.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292. Call office.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
Ker; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
LOTS to exchange for little ranch; about $1500.
Address box 1256. Call office.
> MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. . F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway,
■ Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, J city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlssion: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. «36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortsr.;
a.nv proposition. DrydPn. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— Capital interested in 2 valuable ad-
vertising' inventions (patented); . want re-
sponsible party to form company to handle,
them. Address box 1437. Call office. ■
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT home. A-ams Point property, ad-
Joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence. Just built: 9 rooms, bath, reception
hall, two pantries, etc.: plumbing latest and
best; plate glass windows; hot air heater,
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 50x125;
more land can be had if desired; this is
certainly a model residence: picture of same
will be sent on application: price $6000; terms
to suit purchaser. LAKE SHORE LAND
CO., A. H. BREED, manager, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. • H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh. st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE. 1 '
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100 — lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara aye.
. — New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. : work
all done. '
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — 50x150 elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station: easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park Et.. Alameda.
$2000— FOR sale, a fine, new, first-class 5-room
cottage and lot: your own plan; $300 cash, $25
month- J. H. YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
BSHKUIi^Y REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
, ly cottage of 7 rooms-, all the latest improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
' university: a regular poem. . J. J. MASON,
real estate. Berkeley station.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Isaac L. Howell and Frankie R. Lewis 45-33
Salvatore Ferrante and Irene Denegri 29-22
Michael Sullivan and Mamie Lynch 25-21
Giuseppe Pastore and Luisa Vincente 31-18
Hermann H. Mahler and Minnie J. Schutte. 2s-22
PROPOSALS. "
PROPOSALS for - subsistence stores.— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco. Cal.,
January 3, 1899.— Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of sub-
sistence stores, as per circular to be seen at
this ■ office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., Saturday. January 14. 1899, and
opened Immediately thereafter In presence of
bidders. Specifications, general Instructions
to bidders and blank form of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to W. H. BALDWIN, Colonel, Pur-
chasing Commissary. U. S. V.
~~~~ STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; cut rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO.. 1145 Mission St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post «t.. cor Powell: tel. Main *71>
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
— — — — — ■ ■ '■ ■■' : ':*-\-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SMITH— In this city. January 11, ISB9, to the
wife of Louis Smith, a daughter.
■HARRIS— In this city, January 9, 1899, to the
wife of Louis Harris, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HERVE— In this city, January 11,
1899. C. R. Hansen Jr. and Elese M. Herve,
both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Allison, George M. McGillveray, Angus
Ball, Miss Sarah Marcus, Emma C.
Batchelder, Fidelia Matschke. Johan O.
Bauer, John W. Meagher, Michael
Belasco, Reyna Meyer, Emma
Caldwell, Hugh Moore. Patrick
Campbell. Mary A. O'Brien, Catherine
Fletter, Freebom J. Ottoson, Gustav
Fogarty, Thomas F. Parsons, Thomas R.
Foster, Mrs. Jennie Perry, Harry I.
Futter, Jacob Reed, Lyman F.
Gelssler, Joseph Robertson, John F.
Gunnarson, Augusta Rondeau, May N. ,
Kennedy, • Hattle E. Simmonds. Genevieve
Kirk, William F. , Slinkey, Christine
. Kropp, John E. Venn, George G.
McCrossen, John Williams, Henry L.
' McElroy, Harriet S. .
ALLISON— In ths city, January 12, 1899, George
Milton, beloved son of James G. and Nancy
B. Allison, and brother of Mrs. L. Rudolph,
Mrs. L. T. Delano, Mrs. J. M. Daily and Rob-
ert Allison, a native of California, aged 32
years 2 months and 7 days.
|C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this- day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late- resi-
dence, 456 Guerrero street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. by electric funeral car.
BALL— In this city, January 13. 1899, Miss
fiarah Ball, beloved sister of Mrs. W. A.
Parks, aged 54 years and 9 months.
BATCHELDER— In this city, January 13, 1599,
Fidelia, beloved wife of the late Captain
Timothy Batchelder, and mother of William
H. and J. P. Batchelder, a native of Bath.
Me., aged 75 years 6 months and 8 days.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BAUER— In this city, January 13, 1899, John
W.. dearly beloved husband of Lizzie Bauer,
son of John and Justine Bauer, and brother
of J. G. ' and Fred H. Bauer, a ■ native of
Philadelphia, aged 38 years 6 months and 23
days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., .1209 Mis-
sion street, near Eighth.
BELASCO— In this city, January 11. 1899, Rey-
na, beloved wife of Abraham Belasco, and
mother of David, Israel, Fred, Walter, Sally,
Henry and Edward Belasco, ■ Mrs. Sarah
Mayer and Mrs. Hannah Heringhi, a native
of London. England, aged 68 years. - (New
York and London papers please Copy.)
E^Fclends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from
" her late residence, 174 Clara street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
CALDWELL— In this city, January 12, 1599,
Hugh Maxwell, beloved husband of .Mary K.
Caldwell, and father of Albert ' Caldwell, a
native of New York, aged 46 years. ;■..• ,
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are Invited to
attend the funeral services this day (Sat-
urday), at ' 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
129 Diamond street. Interment private.
CAMPBELL— this city, January 12, 1899.
Mary A., beloved wife of Shadrick Campbell,
dearly beloved mother of James Campbell,
sister of Mrs. Blum, Mrs. Williams, James
and Josle Foley and the late Mrs. Caroline
Jeffress, and daughter of the late C- C. Foley,
a native of Marysville, Cal.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrdw
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 239 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FLETTER— In Alameda, January 12. 1599,
Freeborn Jacob, beloved husband of Augusta
Troll Fletter, and father of Charles F.. Oli-
ver W. and Wallace Troll Fletter. a native
of Spencervllle, Ind., aged 51 years and 1
month.
lE?"Frier.d'j and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow i Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Park street and Ala-
meda avenue, Alameda. • Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FOGARTY— In this city, January 11, 1899,
Thomas F., beloved husband of Sadie Fo-
garty, son of Michael and Mary Fogarty,
brother of William J., Jennie, Charles • E.,
Nellie, Florence and James Fogarty and
Mrs. David Wilson, and brother-in-law of
Mrs. F. Lauterwasser, Mrs. T. Jones and
John Butler, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 68 Converse street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy-
Cross Cemetery. .-..
FOSTER— In thl3 city, January 10, 1899. Mrs.
Jennie Foster, loving mother of Mrs. J. M.
Currie of Ban Francisco, Mrs. S. F. Taylor
of Boston and Frank F. Foster of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 57 years
8 months and 4 days. (Nova Scotia and Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, corner Post and
• Mason streets.
FUTTER— In this city. January 13, 1599, Jacob
Futter of Sutter Creek, beloved husband of
Rebecca Futter, father of Samuel, Sadie and
Ray Futter, and brother of Mrs. D. Bern-
stein and Mrs. M. Abrams, a native of Ger-
many, aged 58 years. (Sutter Creek papers
please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother-in-law. Mr. J. Silverstein, 536
Fell - street. Interment ! Hills .of . Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
GEISSLER— In this city, January 12, 1899, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Anna Gelssler,
father of Leopoldine Maurer, and grand-
father of Oscar and Frederic Maurer, a na-
tiveof Austria, aged S3 years and 6 months.
.O'The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from hlB late resi-
dence, 2220 Twenty-fourth street, corner of
Kansas, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated. Incin-
eration private. Please omit flowers.
GUNNARSON— this city. January 12, 1899,
Augusta Gunnarson, & native of Sweden,
aged 42 years. >■■.•' ■• *
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, where -services.- will be held. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city, January 13, 1899, Hat-
. tie E. Kennedy, beloved sister of W. C. and
E. F. Tryon, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years and 2 months. > >
C_7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1335 Tenth avenue, south of the park.
Interment private.
KIRK— In this city, January 13, 1899, of diph-
theria, William Easton, beloved son of Wil-
liam H. and Kate W. Kirk, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 11 months and 13
days.
KROPP— In this city, January 11. 1899, John
E., beloved son- of Ellen and the late Ernest
H. Kropp, and brother of Walter E.. Laura
M. and Henry W. Kropp and Mrs. N. H.
Stover, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 1 month and 13 days. .: .
(CTFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1115 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, ■ where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
McCROSSEN— this city, January 13. 1899.
John, only and beloved child of John and
Ellen McCrossen. a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 26 days.
McELROY— In this city, January 13. 1899, Har-
riet Shobe-r McElroy, beloved mother of Mrs.
A. P. Van Duzer, a native of I^ancaster, Pa.,
aged 83 years. (Lancaster papers please copy.)
ICrFriends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her
late residence, the residence of her daughter.
Mrs. A. P. Van Duzer, 822 Guerrero street,
near Twenty-first. Interment private.
McGILLVERAY— In this city, January 13. 1899,
Angus, dearly beloved husband of Sarah Mc-
Gillveray, and father of William, Katie, Mar-
gie and Mary McGillveray, a native of Scot-
land, aged 54 years. '. : . .
MARCUS— this city, January 13, 1899, Emma
C, beloved mother of Morris Marcus, a na-
tive of New York, aged £0 years 11 months
and 6 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1630 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
MATSCHKE— In Watsonville, January 12, 1899,
Johan Godfried Matschke, beloved father of
Mrs. John Tanke, Mrs. August Koehncke,
Mrs. Joe Nagel. Mrs. Nick Britz of Bakers-
field and Mrs. Nick Burton of Watsonville, a
native of Germany, aged S3 years and «
months.
MEAGHER —In this city, January 11, 1899,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Alicia
Meagher, and brother of Thomas, William J.
and the late John F. Meagher, a native of
Count? Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 321 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Churoh. corner Flllmore and Fell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:43
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streeto.
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK— members of
this society are requested to meet at 321 Oak
street, the late residence of our departed
brother. Michael Meagher, at 9 o'clock, this
(Saturday) morning, to attend his funeral.
J. J. BARRETT, President.
JOHN MULHERN. Cor. Sec.
MEYER— In this city. January 11, 1899, Emma,
beloved wife of John Meyer, mother of Anni*
and Willie Meyer, daughter of the late Fred-
erick and Caroline Heydenrelch. and sister
of Emll Heydenreich and the late Frederick: !
Heydenreich, a native of New York, aged
35 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 37 Bruce place, between Folsom and
Harrison. Seventh and Eighth streets. In-
terment National (Presidio) Cemetery. ;
MOORE— the City and County Hospital.
January 13, 1899, Patrick Moore, a native of
New York, aged 49 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 12. 1599, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John O'Brien,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 75
year..
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,* 314 Beale street, thence 40 St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery- !
OTTOSON— In this city, January 12. 1899, Gus-
tav Ottoson, a native of Sweden, aged 22
E7"Friend3'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel • Hill Cemetery. ; , ,
PARSONS— In this city, January 12. 1899.
Thomas Raymond, beloved son of G. W. and,-
Nettie Parsons, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 11 days.
PERRY— In this city, January 13. 1899, Harry
I beloved husband of Lena Perry, a native
of Louisiana, aged 44 years 11 months and
26 days.
REED— this city, January 13, 1899, Lyman
F husband of Louisa Reed, and father of
Orvllle F. and Ella Pearl Reed, a native of
Vermont, aged 59 years and 6 months.
ROBERTSON— In this city, January 13, 1899,
John F., beloved son of John L. and Annie
Robertson, and brother of Lawrence, Thomas
and Evelyn Robertson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 6 days..
RONDEAU— In this city, January 13, 1899,
May N., beloved wife of Louis A. Rondeau, .
a native of Massachusetts, aged 54 years 8
months and 12 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 334 Third avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SIMMONDS— In this city, January 13. 1899,
Genevieve Rose, beloved daughter of Thomas
X and Rose Simmonds. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 23 days.
■ [C^-Notice of funeral hereafter. ..,.'*v"
SLINKEY— In this city, January V. 1899.
Christine, beloved wife of J. E. Slinkey, and
mother of Lillian K. and Milton Otto Slin-
key, a native of Germany, aged 54 years.
OLD FRIENDS— and members of the
Society of Old Friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral of Mrs. I J. E.
Slinkey, wife of the secretary of the Old
Friends, to-morrow (Sunday), as above.
CAPTAIN J. W. HOWELL. Pres. :
JAMES O'CONNOR, Vice President.
VENN— In this city, January 11, 1899. George
G. beloved son of Charles C. and Catherine
Venn, and brother of Mrs. F. P. Gilbert, Mrs.
- A Messec and Harry. Maude and Gertrude
Venn, a native of- San Francisco, aged 19
. years 10 months and 18 days. (Detroit, Mich.,
papers please copy.)
(E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3002 Laguna street. Interment private.
WILLIAMS— In this city. January 13, 1899,
Henry L., beloved husband of Agnes S. Wil-
liams, and father of Henry L. and Edith B.
Williams, a native of Ohio, aged 57 years and
5 months. • ■ '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.: "SB*
■ 10 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln Sc3iook
Telephone South SO.
1112
HIS OWN REVOLVER
WROUGHT HIS DEATH
Policeman Thomas Kennedy Killed by His Mis
tress, Mrs. Regan, After a Struggle for
the Fatal Weapon.
MOUNTED POLICEMAN THOMAS
H. KENNEDY was shot and
killed yesterday afternoon by
Mrs. Elizabeth Regan in her
father's house. 232 Chenery street.
.' The woman was arrested and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of murder.
Mrs. Regan is a married woman, but
has been separated from her husband for
the past. nine years. She has a daughter
12 years of age. Four years ago she start
od a saloon called the Elmwood, at 1725
Mission street, but gave it up about a
y«ar ago. Then she started a bakery on
Mission strof-t, near Chenery, but retired
about two months ago and went to live
with her father at 232 Chenery. Her
■ father owns considerable property in that
ni i^hburhood, and two of his married
daughters. Mrs. Johnson and Mrs. Dean,
■■ occupy houses near his own. He is a
• prominent member of the Fairmount Im
provement Club.
Mrs.' Regan became acquainted with
Kennedy about tive years ago. and since
then they had practically lived together.
After reporting off duty at 6 o'clock yes
terday morning Kennedy went to 232
Chenery strtc-t and went to bed. He slept
till about 1 o'clock. After dressing hip»
■' self he showed signs of jealousy while in
the dining-room, and she began to "Jos^'
him. He became exasperated and thn-at
. ened to shoot her. She told him he was
. too big a coward to do it, and in his rage
he got his revolver and pointed it at her.
Sh.- grabbed hold of his hand, and a des
perate struggle followed for the posses
• Blon of the weapon. Mrs. Regan suc
ceeded in wrenching It from him and the
• struggle was renewed. Kennedy forced
' • her against the wall, and placing his el
bow under her chin, tried to choke her,
MR. FARRAND
SENT IN HIS
RESIGNATION
His Letter Held by
Elder Prutzman.
CONGRECATION WILL ACT
WAS FOUND GUILTY OF GROSS
INDISCxtETIoN.
In Spit . of the Division of Opinion
Among the Elders All * esire
That the Matter Be
Closed.
Rev. Farrand has tendered his reslgna- j
tion .as. pastor of the Howard Presbyteri
ni; Church. Elder Charles W. Pike is
authority for the statement, and Elder
Frutzman is in possession of the impor
tant document and will present it to the
congregation in due time.
In accordance with the rules of the
Presbyterian church there can be no dis- I
solution of the pastoral relation unless I
a request to that offect be jointly presen- j
ted by pastor and congregation. Letters i
of resignation are usually filed by the ;
pastor with the congregation. Mr. Far- j
rand, however, reversed matter!? and his j
letter will have to be presented to his j
parishioners by the chairman of the j
board of elders.
Now that Farrand has gone and his
resignation is in the church members and
officers of Howard Church are inclined I
to deplore the publicity given to the un- j
fortunate occurrence and unite in the de- j
sire to close the matter now and for all I
Investigation of the charges brought
against the divine tend U> prove that al- j
though Mr. Farrand has undoubtedly I
been guilty of indiscretion no charges of
Immorality have either been lodged or
proved against him.
In the board of elders there is a divis
ion of opinion as to just how blame- |
worthy the reverend gentleman is. Some |
incline to accept without modification
Farrand's defense that his natural bluff.
hearty and jovial ways and manners
were misunderstood and unintentionally
exaggerated. Others again claim there
is no excuse for a pastor who forgets the
dignity of his office and neglects thp high :
code of honorable conduct that should Be
an adjunct to the cloth. Those who have
taken the latter stand refuse to allow for j
at the same time biting her right hand
to compel her to release her hold of the
pistol. She succeeded in breaking away
from him, and was running toward the
kitchen, where her sister was. when Ken
nedy made a run at her. She wheeled
round, warning him to stop, but as he
kept on, she pulled the trigger, and Ken
nedy dropped on the floor. The bullet
had struck him on the left side of the
mouth.
Word was sent to the Seventeenth-street
police station short 1a- after 2 o'clock that
Kennedy had beerSrshot at 232 Chenery
street, and. thinking it might have been
in a riot, Captain Gillen, accompanied by
Sergeant Perrin, Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham and Policeman Anderson,
drove to the scene in the patrol wagon.
Meantime Policeman T. O'Connell .had
been notified of the shooting, and wasuhe
first to reach the house. On entering- he
found Kennedy stretched on the floor,
groaning" with pain. His head was sup
ported by a pillow and blood was pouring
from the wound in his mouth. He was
conscious but could not speak.
Mrs. Regan and her sister, Mrs. John
son, were in the room, and to O'Connell's
question as to who had done the shooting
Mrs. Johnson said, "Kennedy shot him
self." Mrs. Regan at once said: "Why
don't you tell the truth? I shot him, but
was compelled to do it." O'Connell placed
her under arrest and secured possession
of the revolver. A few minutes later the
patrol wagon arrived with Captain Gillen
and posse, and Kennedy was sent to the
City and County Hospital, where he died
while on the operating table. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
Captain Gillen and Detective Fitzgerald
took Mrs. Regan to police headquarters,
where she made a statement to Captain
Seymour, admitting that she had fired the
shot, but claiming that she was compelled
to do it in self-defense. She frankly ad
mitted her relations with Kennedy for
a nature that professes to be ungoverned
by formality and the general usages the
world is pleased to term gentlemanly
conduct.
As yet no one professes to know Just
who will be called to fill the pulpit left
vacant byßev. Farrand's resignation.
BAIN AND MORE OF IT.
Hammon's Job of Forecasting Has I
Been Made an Easy One.
The rain pattered down again yester
day, and Professor Hammon sat in his
Fanctum and talked about it. He says
his job of forecasting rain has become an ;
easy one', and that scarcely has he time ;
to hang out the wet shingle when the
flood gates in the sky are opened and
the umbrellas are necessarily hoisted. j
Never before has he known the condl- j
tions more favorable to storms, and often j
before, the indications present themselves j
that which they foreshadow has arrived, j
According to Hammon's statement the
spell of drought which commenced a year
ago last April has been broken and none I
need fear for a failure of crops. The ele- j
ments are once more settled back to their j
normal condition and the ordinary season
of. the years past in California has beeN
rolled to the front. With a little more !
ra,in the crops could prosper without the j
assistance or spring rains, as the ground j
will have acquired sufficient moisture to j
saturate it below the natural stratum of j
dampness. Should the rains cease at the j
present time, which is very improbable, |
the professor fears for only two sections I
of the State— the. upper San Joaquin Val
ley and the extreme Southern California.
To-day showers are billed for California. |
It will be cloudy in this city and probably
rain will fall. The rainfall up to last
night amounted to 7.17 inches, against 4.75
inches last year on that date.
■ ♦ ■
Governor Gage,
Judge Ferral, Congressman^ ; Kahn,
Humphreys Stewart, Charley Dryden,
Grant Carpenter and other well-known
men figure in the Looker-On; "Spooks"
hits off some gay and debonair char- ;
acters: the Cryer comments on a dozen
happenings, and. people; the Critic j
writes entertainingly of the pianist, the |
symphony and the theaters; the debt
ors' law and the deadbeats it applies '
to are reviewed, arid stories, society and ;
and paragraphs complete an admirable ',
and interesting number of the . News i
Letter. Take a copy home. Price 10 j
cent?. '; '_. «. . ~ - ■
■ ♦ ■
Railway Mail for Manila.
Roy A. Feiithertngill. J. V. Montrief and !
Cornet Stark of the railway mail service •
have been order* d to Manila to reinforce \
the railway mail people already there.
They will leave on the Morgan City on
the 25th inst.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and I>arkin stK. Swlmminß, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Sail water direct from ocean.
Librarians Banquet.
The Library Association of California
held its fifth annual banquet at the Call*
fornia Hotel last evening. There were
present thirty-six members of the asso
ciation. George T. Clark, librarian of the
i Free Public Library, presided. The ban
i quet was an elaborate affair, served in
j courses. Professor C. M. Gayley of
I Berkeley delivered on address entitled,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899.
the past five years, and snid she did not
know whether her husband was alive or
dead. After signing the statement she
was taken to the City Prison, where she !
was bookod on the charge of murder. Her
Bister, Olive McLaughlin. and Andy Mc-
Devitt. a roomer in the house, were with
her. Sho wept bitterly while making her
statement to Captain Seymour and sobbed
out that she wished she had received the
bullet instead of Kennedy. She is a hand
some woman, 32 years of age, and was
born in this city.
The police could find no one who saw
the shot fired. Mrs. Johnson saw them
struggling in the dining-room for the pos
• v (jf the revolver, and she ran
across the street to tell her sister, Mrs.
Dean. Another sister was in the kitchen
at the time. Mrs. Johnson told the police
that she had expected something of the
kind for some time and spoke bitterly
against Kennedy. Mrs. Regan said Ken
nedy gave her money at times, but she
gave him more than he ever gave her;
He used to give her a few dollars a
month, but never more than ten. Ho
gave her $10 this month, but borrowed
back $2 50. She helped to buy his uniform
when he joined the police force.
Kennedy joined the force November IS,
1897: Previous to that he was one of the
park police, and was considered a good
horsemanv He was born August 14, 1865.
He was one of the four policemen tried
for cowardice at the time Lieutenant
Burke was shot and killed by the old man
Haynes, but he was saved from dismissal.
He was a single man.
Dr. Zahala performed an autopsy on the
body of Kennedy last night. He found that
the bullet entered the left cheek an inch
and a half below the angle of the mouth
ranged backward and upward and lodged
just short of the brain at {ts base. The
lower jaw was fractured, the teeth
knocked out and the base of the skull
fractured.
"British Libraries and the People Who
i L , se o The , m -!>' H - c - Nash - th e librarian
of Stanford University, spoke on "The
Relation of Diet to Literature," while Mr
Murdork talked about "Literary Styles "
At the business meeting of the associa
tion which followed the banquet F J
| Teggart of the Mechanics' Institute was
elected president for the ensuing year
DEFENDED HIS OWN CASE.
Manlio Parodi, a Boy Six Years of
Age, Cross-Examines a Witness.
Manlio Parodi, a boy six years of age,
charged with petty larceny for stealing
some cigars from Carlos Sprana, 224
Broadway, conducted his own case in
Judge Treadwell's court yesterday, and
afforded considerable amusement to the
Judge. Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter
and the spectators.
The Judge..took the little fellow on his
knee and the boy gravely assured him
that he did not steal the cigars. j The only
witness against him was a boy 8 years
of age, A. Saroni, and after he had told
his story Manlio asked him: "Now, what
•sort of a shirt did I wear that night?"
Saroni answered, "A red one," and Manlio
triumphantly said: "It was a blue one"
He thought he had cornered. Saroni and
asked the Judge not to believe what he
said. ■ ••> • :
Sprana insisted that Manlio should be
convicted and sent. to jail, but the Judge
continued the. case till January 23, and
sent Manlio home with his mother.
■ ♦ ■
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended; by ' physicians for family and
medicinal use because' It is pure..' ' "\ -■'
■■ •— ; ■ ♦ « — . •
Was Running Too Fast.
Several months ago, Frank Clark, while
riding in the southern part of the city,
was run into by one of the cars of the
San Francisco and San Mateo Railway.
He was injured and the horse was killed.
Clark sued the company for damages and
was awarded $2500. The case was appealed
to the Supreme Court, the claim being
that the injured man was guilty of con
tributory negligence. The court reviewed
the evidence and said that Clark had
taken due precautions and did not ob
serve the car until it was within fifty feet
of him. The higher court says that it is
different between a case of a railroad
train and a street car, in this, that if the
street car had been running at a rate of
eight miles an hour, as allowed by law
it could have been stopped without run
ning into Clark's rig. The judgment was
sustained.
■ ♦ ■
For a Chinese Hospital.
A meeting of Methodist and Presbyter
lan clergymen was held last Thiusday in
the Presbyterian Chinese Home Mission
for the purpose of discussing the feasi
bility of establishing a hospital for indi
gent sick Chinese. The meeting favored the
project and it was said that the Chinese
Consul and the leading Chinese mer
chants would subscribe liberally to a fund
for the purpose 'suggested.
Bohemian Golden Gate Lodge.
Bohemian Golden Gate Lodge, C. S. P.
S. . will celebrate the fourteenth anniver-
sary of its institution by a grand ball in
California Hall on the night of Saturday,
the 2bih inst.
W. A. Strohmeier & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 1006 Market street. •
DISASTROUS
RULING FOR
CIGAR-MAKERS
Restrictions on Leaf
Tobacco Sales.
AN ORIGINAL PACKAGE LAW
IT MAY BE FINALLY MODI
FIED.
If It Is Enforced Nearly All the
Shops Must Close and Eastern
Manufacturers Will Hava
the Whole Market.
The retail manufacturers of cigars and
the dealers In leaf tobacco were thrown
Into a panic yesterday when they became
acquainted with the provisions of the
new ruling of the Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue regulating the sale of leaf
tobacco. This declaration of the depart
ment was the result of a letter of in
quiry from Collector Lynch to the Wash
ington authorities. The cold official state
ment of the conclusion of the Commis
sioner is as follows:
The office has ruled that leaf deal
ers are not privileged to sell leaf to
bacco loose in the hand from broken
packages, and this ruling must be
observed by dealers in your district;
and dealers in other districts who for
ward to your district leaf tobacco in
quantities less than the original
hogshead, case or bale, will be re
ported to this office.
On the face of it there does not seem
to be anything wrong in this proposition,
but when it is understood that the en
forcement of the rule will throw out of
employment in San Francisco and the
coast cities about two thousand cigar
makers the sweeping application of the
law will be appreciated. The ruling is,
of course, aimed at the leaf tobacco job
bers, but the blow strikes the small man
ufacturers. In the event that they cannot
secure a modification of the ruling sev
enty-five per cent of them will be com
pelled to go out of business at once.
Under the application of the law up
to the present time these small manufac
turers have been able to buy their stock
in five and ten pound lots. This required
very little capital. The new ruling would
force them to buy the original packages
.at a cost of from $2<JO to $60U each. The
minor manufacturers cannot meet such
demands and if they could they would
suffer great loss by reason of the fact
that they could not work oft such a
large raw stock promptly. Furthermore,
they have to compete with the products
of Eastern sweatshops, where wages are
down to a starvation basis. Edward
Kaeser of the firm of Frledlander & Kae
ser. 431 Montgomery street, voiced the
complaint of the small manufacturers as
follows:
"This ruling comes like a thunderbolt to
us." said he. "If it is enforced the result
will be that hundreds of cigar-makers will
be thrown out of employment immedi
ately. There are no large factories here,
where they could get work, and as a
consequence they will be on the town
without any resource whatever. I should
say that three-quarters of these manufac
turers will be ruined. Of course we can
not say of our own knowledge what has
brought about this sudden change, but we
WOULD THROW 2000
PEOPLE OUT OF WORK
THE new ruling of Commissioner of Internal Revenue Wilson restrict
ing dealers in leaf tobacco to the sale of their goods in original pack
ages only has created consternation among the small cigar manufac
turers of San Francisco and the coast generally.
This rule provides that the dealer can sell only the bale bundle or
case, instead of breaking the package and selling in small quantities, as
heretofore. The result of 'this ruling, if enforced, will be to throw out of
employment 2000 cigarmakers on this coast. However, a protest will be
forwarded to Washington to-day, which it is expected will cause a modi
fication of the order for the protection of these people.
beJieve it is the result of the scheming of
the great manufacturers of the East, who
deske to wipe out all competition, par
ticularly on this coast, where there are
so many little shops that in the aggre
gate turn out an immense number of
cigars in a year."
The leaf tobacco dealers met yesterday
afternoon to consider their difficulties and
employed R. H. Jones to formulate and
forward their statement and protest to
Commissioner Wilson. Mr. Jones, in
spiaking of the result of the ruling to the
manufacturers on this coast, without ref
erence to the East, said that the cigar
makers of the Pacific Coast produced 86,-
UOo.OOO cigars last year, a.nd that they
were almost wholly for home consump
tion. As to the reason for the new dic
tum, he said that it was due either to a
determination of the Government to run
the small manufacturers out of business
entirely or to the influence of the great
Eastern houses, who want the market to
themselves. If the former surmise is cor
rect there is no hope for the unfortunate
small fry. At the present time there are
(50 cigar manufacturers on this coast, and
of this number 500 are in this district.
There are quite a number of wholesalers
in this city who have an extensive trade
with the small factories, who can afford
to buy their leaf tobacco only in lots of
a few pounds. These dealers met yester
day afternoon and formulated a state
ment of grievance to be filed with Collec
tor Lynch to-day. At the same time they
think they have found an old section of
the Revised Statutes that may conflict
with the ruling and save them from its
consequences.
After calling attention to tho fact that
under the ruling three-quarters of the
smaller factories would have to stop work
the merchants say "that there is not 5
per cent of this class that could buy two
bales of Sumatra in order to get two col
ors for their cigars, at an outlay of $1100,
besides the cost of Havana and
domestic leaf in original cases or
bales in proportion. requiring an
expenditure of perhaps $2500 be
fore a start could be made. This is
the effect, for even if you rule a certain
size of statutory bale dealers cannot spoil
or destroy bales and cases of tobacco for
such a purpose. The mere act of so doing
would disturb and check the natural
sweat of the tobacco, would cause an ex
tra drying out and consequent loss in
weight and breakage of tho stoak, espe
cially so with Sumatra wrappers, and in
the end would prove a positive dr-triment
rather than of any advantage to the Rev
eune Department in keeping track of the
stock.
"There being no advantage to the peo
ple and no assistance to the revenue in
the collection of tax. it certainly shows
that it was not the Intent of the law and
for this reason, believing we are not un
der Russian rule but among American
fair-minded people, we call on you as
our representative to place this matter
before the authorities at Washington
with the request that in the best interest
of all parties concerned we be allowed to
transact our business as heretofore, with
out further hindrance, as being the most
practical, just and fair proposition and
devoid of any unnecessary red tape."
The tobacco merchants of San Fran
cisco hurried to the Internal Revenue Of
fice yesterday to consult with the Collec
tor and obtain advice as to how to con
duct their business under the new rule.
Much to their chagrin they found that
Collector Lynch was "out of town" and
"would be back in a day or two." They
were not informed, however, that Mr.
Lynch was in Sacramento making ' Dan
Burns' Senatorial fight instead of attend
ing to the business of his office in this
city. ______________
Beggars are unknown in Melbourne. The
poorest part of the city is the Chinese
quarter.
DESPERATE
CROOKS LANDED
BEHIND BURS
Arrest of a Brace of
Burglars.
CAUGHT WITH THEIR PLUNDER
ONE OP THE MEN CONFESSES
HiS GUILT.
He Tells How He and His Confeder
ate Broke Into Shreve' s Gua
smith Store Tuesday
Night.
Through the efforts of Detectives Ryan
and ODea the two desperate burglars
who broke into the store of George W.
Shreve at 739 Market street last Tuesday
night are locked up in the tanks of the
City Prison. They were arrested last
night while in the act of pawning a por
tion of the stolen property. They gave
their names as Thomas House and
Charles Brennan.
House, who is an opium fiend, is a well
known thief. Shortly after 7 o'clock laat
evening he visited a pawnshop on Fourth
street and offered for sale two revolvers,
which he claimed belonged to him. De
tective Ryan and ODea happened to en
ter the store as House was explaining to
the pawnbroker that he was "hard up"
and was anxious to realize a few dollars
on the revolvers. The detectives, suspect
ing that he had stolen the weapons, pro
ceeded to examine them, when House ran
from the store and started down Fourth
street.
He was overtaken after a short chase
and taken back to the store. Ryan had a
list of the revolvers stolen from Shreve's
store, and as he examined the ones which
House offered for sale he at once recog
nized them as being part of the plunder
that was carried off by the burglars who
entered the Market-street store.
After being locked up In the tanks
House weakened and told the detectives
that he and Brennan had committed the
crime. He described in detail how they
had cut their way into the store, first
having destroyed the wires which con
nected with numerous bells. As they
climbed through the hole which they cut
in the iloor they tripped on a wire con
nected with a loaded revolver, which
"covered" the Stevenson-street entrance.
Undisturbed by the discharge of the re
volver, the bold crooks broke open several
showcases, securing a miscellaneous as
sortment of pistols and knives valued at
1200.
House declared that the bloodstains
which were found on the showcase
were caused by his accomplice having
his hand tut by a piece of glass.
After listening to House's confession
the detectives started out to find Bren
nan. Thinking he would attempt, to dis
pose of his share of the plunder they vis
ited a number of pawnshops, but failed
to find him. Just as they were about to
give up in disgust they saw the much
wanted burglar enter a Second-hand
store on Howard street. He had in his
possession thirty knives, including sev
eral costly daggers, which had been stol
en from Shreve. He was at once hand
cuffed and taken to the City Prison. To
day both men will be formally charged
with burglary.
Gloated Over Her Troubles.
Mrs. Annie E. Walsh, 93UM> Mission
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
on a warrant charging her with assault
with a deadly weapon. The complaining
witness is Mrs. Martha E. Brouhard. Mrs
Brouhard's husband got an attachment
against Mrs. W alsh and when the Sheriff's
deputies went there yesterday morning
Mrs. Brouhard accompanied them. Mrs
\\ alsh was exasperated and attempted to
strike Mrs. Brouhard with a hammer and
later threw a bottle at her, which missed
her. ■
AMATEUR ATHLETES
HOLD A POW-WOW
 ,
Pacific Association Elects New Offi
cers and a Commissioner to
the Paris Exposition.
At a meeting of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic Union, held last
night, the following representatives were
present: W. R. Berry of the Reliance
Athletic Club, S. J. Pembroke of the Ala
meda Boat Club, George James and Julius
W. Morton of the Olympic Club. ■W. C.
Espy of the Pioneer Rowing Club, A P.
Rothkopf of the Dolphin Boating Club,
J. R. Bockman of the Ariel Rowing Club,
H. A. Keeler of the Academic Athletic
League, C. Dole of Stanford University
A. H. Schlmpf of tae Triton Boating
Club, and H. Hauser of the Grammar
School League. No delegate from the
South End .Rowing Club was present.
An application of the Columbia Park
Boys' Club to be admitted to membership
in the association was read and favor
ably entertained. The Boys' Club will
be requested to send a delegate to the
next meeting of the association. The res
ignation of W. R. Berry as president T>f
the association was read, and, after a
vain effort to get him to reconsider it,
I was accepted. Vice-President J. R. Bock
j man thereupon took the chair. The sec
retary was instructed .to write to the
South End Rowing Club, the Union Ath
letic Club and the University of Califor
nia Athletic Association, informing them
that no delegates from their clubs had
been present at the last two meetings
and requesting them to send representa
tives to the next meeting. A letter was
read from Russell Lowe of the Ukiah
High school, setting forth mat he had
played in a football match at Fort Bragg
against professionals and had forfeited
his amateur standing by playing without
the sanction of the Board of Managers of
the Pacific Association. His request for
; re-instatement was referred to the regis
tration commissioner, with a recommen
: dation that he be re-instated as an ama
teur. The following officers were then
elected: J. R. Bockman, president-
George James, vice-president; Julius W"'
Morton, member of the board of manag
ers. H. A. Wldemann, the holder of three
world's records in swimming, was ap
pointed an athletic commissioner to the
Paris Exposition, which he proposes to
attend. It is .also likely that E. Hunter 1
last year's captain of the Alameda Boat
Club, will be present at the Exposition
H. A. Keeler, H. Hauser and' George
James were appointed a committee to
compare the constitutions of the Amateur
Athletic Union and of the Pacific Associa
tion and investigate points of difference if
any. The Reliance Athletic Club is to be
communicated with and notified of the
election; of W. : R. Berry to the board of
managers. After a few graceful re
marks from J. R. Bockman in praise of
the- retiring president of the association
the meeting adjourned. v v
- . ■ » ■ .
The only Socialist Mayor in all
America tells how a city should be
, governed, in next Sunday's Call. J ." '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
to=day, Saturday
l\J WWJ: y JU I ti!L IMA J
we know it isn't pleasant shopping in rainy
weather : but this rain puts discomfort on
La few - and benefits the whole State of
California : 1899 will be a great . harvest
year for us all : it's worth your while to
look at these items to-day, rain or no ( rain.
Ann iit\ previous to our millinery buyer going
' CICCIII-ll U East we are cleaning out a few of this
■ i and a few of that at close-to-cost prices;
,' n milli-nnwtr as sorted felt hats on sale at 25c each;
in millinGr V fancy- spangled quills (and you know how
«/ fashionable they are) 5c to 25c each; all
wings and fancy quills marked at tempting prices; the rain won't
keep many away from them.
Vlnvilm+o on /I pajrs strictly all-wool white blankets,
blankets ana i?^*-.^% o \t\%%™zt£&
n*MiAnrlp because good— usually retailed by Hale's
SDreaUS at * 4 °° Pair-blankets become a matter of
x w ** %nk strict economy— now $3 95 pair 24 white
Marseilles spreads, full size for double beds, satin finish hemmed
ready for use— regularly $3 on sale $2 25 each.
swIkTTA ■ we've just received a full line of the
fiflOVe • well know n -,r H - B " 2-clasp ladles'
j-,*v » ■*# overseam Kid Gloves with embroid-
nMw/viin/tAtMnvif ered backs— colors, tan, navy, brown.
announcement a^fjgj. sfe^dS^gS^tSS-
there's the ladies' 2-clasp pique walking gloves, 4 rows embroidered
backs in red, tan, brown, green, purple, black, white and bluette at
$1 pair; • also a two-clasp ■ real French selected kid pique walk-
ing — eight colors at dollar-fifty; the Hte Jouvin French kid
in nine colors, one dollar fifty cents;
t~«<-t *vl»- lts a wlse move to kee P as dry as possible now-
TYIHCIV" 1 - adays— ladies' fine double texture mackintosh.-'
luuvik with double cape 27 inches, with inlaid velvet
•__x •'!___ collar, full, skirt with side pocket and plaid lin- '
mtosnes in &> sizes mto m inches •— » ■
S. H. and M. corduroy skirt binding (as seen in Ladies' Home Jour-
nal) '....yard 7c
Corduroy skirt binding.. ..;. ..........at 3^c and 5c yard
Mohair cord edge skirt binding T per yard 12^c
S. H. and M. corduroy cord edge skirt binding.... per yard 7c and i2c
Waterproof skirt facing with velveteen edge, 5 inches wide.. yard 100
mail orders especially solicited.
937, 939, Ml, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
FIRE CAUSES
A PANIC IN A
CONCERT HALL
An Exciting Blaze at
the Oberon.
THE LIGHTS WERE ALL OUT
TWO EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE
SLIGHTLY INJVBED.
•
The Fire Was Caused by an Accident
to the Moving Picture Machine,
Which, With Its Films,
Was Destroyed.
A Wild panic was created at the Oberon
Concert Hall on O'Farrell street late last
night by the burning of the moving pic
ture machine.
The accident occurred a few minutes
after midnight. A series of moving pic
tures was being shown on the screen as
the last part of the programme. There
were about 250 people in the house, when
suddenly a Hare of light burst from the
machine, which is on a platform near the
center of the room. Some one shouted
"Fire!" and a wild panic was tjie result.
"Women screamed and sat motionless In
their chairs. Men sprang up and rushed
blindly for the door, upsetting tables and
scattering glasses on the floor. For a few
minutes chaos reigned supreme. As is
customary when the pictures are being
shown, the light* were all out, and the
only illumination came from the blazing
celluloid films of the machine. The room
was rapidly filling with a stifling, suffo
cating smoke, and the shouts of the
frightened patrons of the house bewil
dered- those who would otherwise have
kept cool.
The electrician finally came to the res
cue by turning on the lights, and order
was soon restored. A few firemen were
called in from the engine-house two doors
below, and the little blaze was soon ex
tinguished. A laughable part of the affair
was the conduct of some of the waiters
and bartenders, who rushed in with sl
j phons of mineral water and made futile
attempts to extinguish the blaze.
The only persons known to have been
injured were Henry Schroeder. the oper
ator of the machine, and a waiter named
Campbell, Schroeder attempted to ex
tinguish the flames with his hands, and
as a result both hands and arms were
! seriously burned. Campbell tried to climb
up to the machine on a ladder, but got
mixed up in the electric light wires. The
shock threw him to the ground, and al
though severely bruised he was not seri-
I ously injured.
Aside from the damage to the machine,
| the loss will not be very great. The ma
chine and about 800 feet of films are com
pletely ruined and the frescoed ceiling
overhead is badly scorched.
Laws of China.
The second lecture on China in the in
teresting series now being given at the
Mechanics' Institute by Professor Jonn
Fryer, LL.D.. professor of Oriental lan
guages and literature in the State Uni
versity, will be given at fhe Mechanics-
Institute Library building this evening.
The subject will be "Government and
Law of China." The lecture Is free to
members of the institute and their
friends.
The Exposition.
The committee of fifteen for the hold
ing of the Pacific Ocean Exposition and
the representatives named by the various
organizations as delegates to the gen
eral committee will meet with the Super
visors this afternoon at the rooms of the
board in the new City Hall instead of
at the office of the chairman as hereto
fore fixed.
Washington Council Entertains.
Despite th« unpleasant weather, that is,
unpleasant to be out in last night, there
was v good attendance in Union Square
Hall to enjoy the entertainment and so
cial given by the membership of Wash
ington Council No. 4 of the \oung Men's
Institute. The features of the programme
were: Vocal soprano selections. Miss
Daisy V. Kane; selections. Myrtle Pearl
Watkins, elocutionist; specialties, the
Bennett Sisters; witty sayings. W. J.
Hynes; descriptive songs, Chris Whelan;
comic songs, Dennis Sherin, and a cornet
solo by Joseph Greenan. Dancing fol
lowed the several numbers, which were
well received and loudly applauded.
The Mystery of Tokio, a capital
Japanese story, by Masu Miyakawa
and Robert Duncan Milne, in next
Sunday's Call.
Axrested for Embezzlement.
A well-dressed young man, giving his
name as George Florey, was arrested last
night by Detective Wren on a warrant
from Los Gatos charging him with fel
ony embezzlement. The police here know
nothing of the alleged crime. Florey re
cently came to this city and secured em
ployment as a collector for a Post street
florist. He is at a loss to account for hig
arrest.
Inquiry at Los Gatos elicited the state
ment that the arrest was made on a com
plaint filed by a Dr A. M. Barker o£ San
Jose. Dr. Barker, howevei at San Jose
disclaimed all knowledge of Plorey, Irs
ignorance being shared by the police and
Sheriff of the Garden City.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OWING TO ENFORCED REMOVAL
—OF THE— ' |
TURKISH RUG CO.
- — I WILL SELL— ' .
ENTIRE STOCK |p » M Ufj
•—AT ABSOLUTE
....AUCTION....
COMMENCING ? »
Monday, January 16,
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m., at
123 GEARY STREET.
The sale continues one week, same hours
dally.
Any article will be put up without reserve
on request and sold to the highest bidder.
SALE POSITIVE.
ALL GOODS MUST BE SOLD.
Stock consists of the choicest and rarest
Antique Rugs and Carpets, Carved and Inlaid
Furniture, Arms, - Lanterns, Curios, etc.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
Cheapest Rent.
Prettiest Flat of eight rooms
and bath in San Francisco.
A perfect gem of a home.
Call and see
Robert Mcelroy,
Phelan Building, Room 4.
SI DA Wiß'e Bronchial
DlfUlfn d Troches
the popular cure for
IRRITATED THROATS.
Fae-Simile '-'df-jja'- *on every
f . .jf^^s^£^-— — - -
, f .
Allll 18l and Mor P hine Habits
I |U§ lilfl cured at home. Write
IVI for full particulars and
Ul lUiffl book free
', INDIAN OPIUM CUKE, B. O. K..MMIS.
201 Turk St., San Fransisco. '