VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 37.
AGENTS OF CORRUPTION AT
WORK AT THE CAPITAL
INTIMIDATION AND
BRIBERY BROUGHT
TO BEAR FOR BURNS
Assemblyman Morris Brooke Threatened
and Then Cajoled.
■ •
Was Tempted With a Four Years' Office if He
Acceded, and Told That He Would Lose
His Seat if He Refused.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5.—
. One of the blackest pages in the history of California pol
itic? will be printed when the true story is told of the at
tempt of Pan Bums' henchmen to secure the vote of Assembly
man Morris Brooke of Sacramento by bribery and intimidation.
The offenders in this proceeding ought to be speedily indicted
and tried for felony. The Call is in possession of many of the im
portant facts connected with the disgraceful scheme to corral
this Assemblyman for Burns. When the law takes its course
and brings to the bar of justice the men concerned, citizens of
high standing may be compelled to plead to the charge of offer
ing a bribe to influence the vote of a member of the Legislature.
Behind the scenes as the curtain is lifted stands the figure of
. a prominent railroad official, but it is due to his character and
Elding to infer that his part in the transaction was played In
direction of Herrin, the clumsy manipulator in San Francisco.
•' the present The Call proposes to tell the story, and the peo
. .■ the guilty.
Assemblyman Brooke's opponent at the last election for
members of the Legislature was William Johnston, but Brooke
was elected to represent the Twenty-second District, receiving
a majority of sixty-one votes.
Shortly after the result was declared proceedings to contest
the election of Brooke were instituted in the Justice Court of
Sacramento. For a time the matter rested. The men who
planned the contest were probably waiting to receive overtures
from the Assemblyman elect, but as no negotiations were in
vited the representative of the railroad corporation appeared on
the scene with a proposition. It must be conceded that he han
dled the affaii .nth more skill and sagacity than a man of Her
rin's mental caliber could suggest. He sought an interview with
Assemblyman-elect Brooke and appointed the Golden Eagle
Hotel as the place of meeting. When the two men came to the
appointed place a general discussion took place with the purpose
on the part of the agent to ascertain if Brooke was wholly com
mitted to the support of any particular candidate for the United
States Senate. The words of the conversation cannot be re
peated, but in the course of the interview the emissary from the
railroad who was doing politics for Dan Burns sprung his prop
osition, but was careful to omit all reference to the name of
Burns or any other candidate. This was the offer made to
Brooke: "If you agree to vote for a certain man for United
States Senator whose candidacy has not been announced we
will see that the contest of William Johnston for your seat will
be abandoned;"
The San Francisco Call.
Mr. Brooke refused to bind himself to any such agreement,
and so the interview closed, but the contest was still maintained.
Later on another agent was sent to see Mr. Brooke and reopen
the negotiations. This time a bribe was introduced to gain the
consent of Brooke to the scheme. Moreover, the name of the
Senatorial candidate on whose behalf the Assemblyman was
sought was disclosed. Here is the substance of the second at
tempt to influence a vote by unlawful means:
"If you will agree to vote for Dan Burns for
United States Senator, Johnston's contest will be
dismissed and you will be able to retain your seat
in the Assembly. If you do not consent to this
proposition you will be unseated, as Burns con
trols the Assembly and can unseat you by holding
up his finger. If you vote for Burns and stay with
him to the finish you can have a place in the County
Clerk's office a?ter t the adjournment- of the Legisla
ture, and you can nold this place a ikl receive a &ood
salary every month for four years."
Then the representative of the railroad company related
that William Hamilton, County Clerk of Sacramento County,
in return for railroad support in his election, had promised to
give J. B. Wright, superintendent of the Southern Pacific
Company at Sacramento, one appointment in the County Clerk's
office. It was explained that Mr. Wright still held the position
at his disposal, and if he (Brooke) would vote for the election of
Burns to the United States Senate he could have the clerkship
as soon as the Legislature adjourned.
The field was therefore opened to Mr. Brooke to vote for
Dan Burns, and as a reward for his vote he would be allowed
to retain his seat in the Assembly and would fall into a nice posi
tion with a good salary when his legislative duties were over.
He was also face to face with threats that if he did not vote
for Burns he would forfeit his office of Assemblyman and get
nothing on the outside.
It cannot be said that the Assemblyman debated in his
mind whether to yield to the influence of bribery and succumb
to the threats of intimidation, but he fully comprehended that he
was in a very distressing position. He desired to do right and
vote according to the dictates of his conscience and a sense of
justice to the people who elected him to the Legislature. Finally
he decided to stand up for his rights, but informed the railroad
agents that he would take the matter into consideration.
The crafty schemers of the railroad and Dan had another
play in reserve. A day or two since a man who is well known
around the Legislature, and who is very close to Jack Wright,
called the Assemblyman aside and in a confidential whisper said:
"Do you know that you are going to lose your seat in the As
sembly? I hear on the inside that if you are not very careful
Johnston will be seated in your place. You had better see some
of your friends at once."
When it was suggested that ex-Senator William Johnston
was not in any way connected with the negotiations and could
not be aware of what was being done by the railroad people, tfie
statement was made that a man came directly from Mr. John
ston to Mr. Brooke with the information for the latter that the
contest would be dismissed if Assemblyman Brooke would
agree to vote for Dan Burns for Senator. This phase of the
proceedings staggered the people who were let into the secret
of the attempt of the railroad crowd. They could hardly believe
that Johnston would advise Brooke to line up with the crowd
for Burns, but such was the message that came from him and
with his assurance that the contest would be dismissed if Brooke
would fall into line.
In this affair the duty of the Assembly of the State of Cali
fornia seems to be plain. It is bad enough for bribe-givers to
haunt the Capitol and barter for the purchase of votes, but it is
worse still to threaten to unseat members if they refuse to obey
the commands of Herrin and the touts behind Burns.
Offers of bribes on one hand, threats to intimidate on the
other. Will the honest, fearless Assemblymen who were chosen
by a free people to represent a decent commonwealth allow a
band of railroad hirelings to invade the State Capitol and "hold
up" the members in this fashion? Little time will be required to
develop all the facts in the case. Assemblyman Brooke can
name the men who approached him with bribes and threats.
There should be in the Legislature men of firm and resolute
purpose to expose and punish the guilty agents of the corrupt
corporation. The penitentiary is yawning.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
GRANT'S CAMPAIGN
ALSO BESMIRCHED
BY VOTE BUYING
Political Roadhouses Established to En
tice the Legislators.
Financial Assistance Offered in a Letter to Judge
Clough in Return for His Vote for
the San Diegan.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5. — It
takes money to make a United
States Senator nowadays, at least
that is what the political advisers
of young Mr. Grant of San Di
ego declare. Having the cour
age of their convictions — and the
money as well — they began by
paying the election expenses of
legislative nominees and are now
hard at work trying to get to the
bottom of their employers' sack
before the vote for Senator is
taken on Tuesday next.
To facilitate their plans for
putting Mr. Grant's money
whtrc it will do die most
good the political managers
of the young man with a
name have established here in
Sacramento what may be called
political roadhouses, at which
susceptible legislators may stop
on their way from honesty to
FIRST STATION ON THE ROAD TO THE GRANT SACK.
HOUSE ON L STREET PRESIDED OVER BY " WEEPING JIM " KELLY AND " RED
JACK" SULLIVAN.
degradation. These stations on
the road to ruin are tut) in num
ber and their respective locations
and furnishings are suited to the
purpose for which they are in
tended. They are graded from
semi-publicity to absolute se
crecy, and the legislator who is
started straight on the road un
der the experienced guidance of
those in charge is pretty sure to
come at the far end with no bet-
ter thought than the "jingle of
the guinea heals the hurt that
honor feels."
The first station on the road
that leads to the GrAt sack is
situated on L street 5e number
911 B. It is a cozy, first floor flat
on the sunny side of the street,
in a good neighborhood and
bears an outward air of respecta
bility. It is not until the legisla
tor with the itching palm passes
the portal that he gains an inti
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mation of what he is to expect if
he graduates from this school to
the final stage of his education in
crime. He is greeted by "Weep
ing" Jim Kelly and "Red" Jack
Sullivan, who are the presiding
geniuses of this household.
These two reputable gentlemen
have undisputed access to the
Grant sack, but to them has not
been intrusted the pleasing task
of greasing the palms of needed
and needy legislators.
Their duties call for the exer
cise of far higher mental attain-
ments than the mere handing out
of the coin that binds a bargain.
They are the makers of the bar-
gain. A well stocked sideboard,
kitchen and pantry are accesso
ries to the general scheme of-con
quest, for which "Weeping Jim"
and "Red Jack" are justly fam
ous. A legislator is never so sus
ceptible as when at ease after a2
Apartments on X Street Where the Coin Is Paid Out.
. well cooked meal at which wine
of good quality and generous
quantity are the main features. If
a bargain is concluded the guest
is taken in hand and directed to
the quarters presided over by the
dispenser of young Mr. Grant's
largess. These quarters are sit
uated at 6u X street. The stair
way leading to them is narrow
and the surroundings, as well as
the rooms, are dark and gloomy
as befits the purpose for which
they are intended. The average
legislator who accepts a bribe
does not care to do so where the
light of day is stronger than is
necessary far the proper inspec
tion of the denominations of the
greenbacks that' are to be salve
for his wounded conscience.
The gentleman who. presides
here is unknown to fame. Tie
does not mix in the^ political so
ciety of the Capitol, his occupa
tion being of a nature to make
temporary seclusion a necessity.
Xo one but those acquainted
with the secret knock or pass
word are permitted to enter. Re
peated knocking by an unedu
cated hand brings no response.
The interior of the apartments is
an unknown world to all save the
purchased few. and they of ne
cessity plead ignorance. .
The apartments should have
over the door the motto:
"He who enters here leaves
honor behind."
There is, however, as little
doubt as to the existence of the
apartments as there is concern
ing the purpose to which they
are put. These facts may come
as a shock to the good people of
many districts who went to the
polls on election day and con
scientiously deposited their bal
lots, believing that by so doing
they were assisting in sending
men to the Legislature who
would vote as their consciences
dictated and not as their interests
lay. Mr. Grant's lieutenants
have established these same po
litical madhouses for the very
purpose of blunting consciences
and paying the price for the
same.
DIRECT OFFER OF
MONEY FOR A VOTE
Judge Clough Proffered Fin
ancial Assistance by a
Friend of Grant.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 5. — Here Is a case of at
tempted bribery for the Legislature to
investigate. A crime was committed
by some one in San Francisco, who
wrote a letter to Assemblyman G. G.
Clough of Plumas County, offering to
, pay his election expenses in any sum
ranging from $300 to $500. provided he
would sign a pledge inclosed in the
letter, agreeing to support a certain
candidate for the United States Senate.
The letter was written and mailed in
San Francisco by some one in sym
■ Apathy with the aspirations of r. S.
Grant Jr. for the Be&atonhip, and it
was received by Judge Clough at his
home in Plumas County. Thpp' never
[[was a clearer case of attempted hrili
rry, and if the Legislature has tiny re
paid for the purity of Senatorial elec
tions, it will not hesitate to elicit all
the facts.
To the lasting honor of Judpe Cloush
be it said that he promptly spurned the
offer and wrote a letter in reply, which
shews that he Is a man of sterling in
tegrity. His reply was manly and
characteristic. In substance he wrote
to the bribe-tender: "l acknowledge
the receipt of your letter containing an
offer to Durchase my vote for United
States Senator by the payment of my
election expenses. My expenses in the
campaign have not exceeded tin- price
of the two-cent postage stamp on this
letter of reply, and the amount is
therefore too small to take into con
sideration. Rather than sell my vote
In the Legislature on this or any other
question, I would take my bag of
bread in one hand and my staff in the
other and so travel through my dis
trict."
During the past twenty-four hours
the Grant campaign managers have re
sorted to all the methods known to the
adroit and subtle to induce Judge
Clough to return the original letter
from San Francisco wherein an offer
was made to buy his vote.
It is significant that disclosures of at
tempted bribery come to-day from two
Senatorial camps. The railroad agents
who are behind Burns are seeking by
the offer of bribes and the utterance of
throats to induce Assemblyman Brooke
of Sacramento to line up for Dan. The
Grant managers are now face to face
with the knowledge that their over
tures to obtain votes by unlawful
means are known to leading men in the
State.
It makes but little difference so far
as the law is concerned, or, indeed, in a
moral sense, whether the bribe tendered
consists of coin in hand or the promise
of official emolument. In either case
the offer is corrupt and tends to bring
disgrace on the State and scandal on
the Legislature.
Little attempt has been made to con
ceal the fact that Milton Green and
James Brown have been disbursing
money in the interest of U. S. Grant of
San Diego. It is an open secret that
these men contributed to the campaign
expenses of several of the successful and
quite a number of defeated candidates j
for the Legislature. It was known dur- j
ing the campaign that Green was!
handling money for Grant- .The Re- |
OPEN HOUSE AT BARNES 1 SENATORIAL HEADQUARTERS,
I publican State Central Committee, or
I at least several members of the execu- j
■ tlve committee, suspected It, and ;
■ought to confirm their suspicions by !
direct Inquiry. In the light of subse- !
quont events it is now clear that U. B.
Grant and several of his associates
were in possession of the secret agree- !
ment of the railroad *to support Burns, i
and therefore a watch was kept on
Grant's money-spending campaign.
To-night it is said that D. M. Burns j
is asserting with no little emphasis that
! some one will go to the penitentiary.
Among the reports circulated is one
with the color of truth, which holds
that Burns sent a spy Into Grant's j
<amp to be bribed and that the Grant \
managers bought the recruit. The spy j
I returned to Burns with the proof that
> his vote had been purchased.
The situation here is so full of peril
to the good name and character of the
State of. California that the leading eit
; lzens of the commonwealth should ask
: for a conference with their neighbors,
• to devise some means of giving strength
and encouragement to the loyal and !
j true men of the Legislature who can
; not be intimidated by threats or
tempted by bribes.
Thousands of letters come to Sacra
: monto daily in which the people im
, portune their public servants to elect i
; a worthy man to the United States '
j Senate. The time is passing fur let- ]
THE SAtf FRANC ISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
ters to count. The candidates who
have resorted to bribery and corruption
are sending home for reinforcements
from the ranks of the place hunters.
The low down element of society are
coming to Sacramento to help Burns.
Paid lobbyists are silently serving
Grant and spending his money to cor
rupt the legislator. Good men in the
Legislature, astounded at the specta
cle, wonder what has become of the
moral forces of California. Instead of
sending letters cities and counties
should send their foremost citizens to
the front. The disclosures of to-day
may alarm the State and cause an
awakening of the masses. Other let
ters, similar to that received by As
semblyman Clough, may be brought
forth, as there is not the slightest doubt
of their existence. There have* been
no gains of strength for Grant or Burns
during the past twenty-four hours.
It transpired late to-night that Dan
T. Cole wrote the letter to Judge
Clouch asking the latter to sign a
pledge to vote for U. S. Grant for the
United States Senate, and offering as
a condition of such signing to pay
Clough's campaign expenses.
The knowled — that Cole wrote the
letter came out In this manner. Short
ly after the election Judge Clough told
a prominent Senator that an attempt
had been made to bribe him to vote
for Grant. The Senator asked Clough
to narrate the circumstances of the at
tempted briber— and thereupon the lat
ter said he had received a letter from
Dan T. Cole offering to pay campaign
expenses in consideration of a vote for
Grant. Upon receiving this informa
tion, the Senator went to San Frun
cisco and there told Milton Green and
other Grant managers that if such
methods were pursued as that men
tioned by Judge Clough serious trou
ble would come to Grant.
Evidently Dan T. Cole was called in
' to square the transaction with the
■ Plumas County Assemblyman. The
i record of corresponderce in The Call's
' possession shows that Cole's letter was
written prior to December 8, 189 S. as on
that date Judge Clough wrote a re
sponsive letter to Cole's explanation.
' It seems that Cole sought to smooth the
' matter over by saying that Clough was
' an old friend and a poor man who was
[ deserving of financial assistance. Judge
■ Clough's reply does not in any sense
5 refute the statement that Cole made
■ the offer to pay campaign expenses.
' Here is a copy of the letter sent to
' soothe Cole:
QUINCY, Dec. 8, 1898.
Hon. Dan T. Cole — Dear Friend
• ! Dan: I never said to any one that
l you offered me a bribe for any pur
-1 pose, and never thought of such a
■ thing. You should know this with
; out being told. I thank you for
[ recommending me to a place on the
judiciary committee. I fear there are
many men better qualified for chair
man. I trust after our long ac
quaintance you will never believe I
make any remarks demoralizing to
you. It is* impossible that I can
visit San Francisco before the ses
sion, but if I do, shall of course call
|on you. Yours very truly,
G. G. CLOUGH.
i To-night the Grant managers blame
General Barnes for exploiting the let
| ter. As a matter of fact The Call did
I not get its information from any can
i didate for Senator and is In a position
| to give General Barnes more light on
the subject than he has ever received.
The simple fact that the controversy
as to the real meaning of Cole's ad
! vances was in progress as early as De
cember 8, and that several days if not
weeks before that time the secret was
! out, ought to absolve General Barnes
from any blame for bringing the corre
spondence to the attention of the press.
However, Dan T. Cole addressed to
night the following letter to General
! Barnes:
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5, 1899.
To General W. H. L. Barnes — Dear
| Sir: I understand you are threaten
ing to exploit a letter written by me
to Judge G. G. Clough after his
nomination to the Assembly. I un
derstand, furthermore, you, while
pretending to regret "dragging the
honored name of Grant through the
slime of politics," feel it your
"bounden duty" to besmear the son
of General Grant for the purpose of
advancing your own Senatorial aspi
rations.
This is to notify you that the letter
written by me to Judge Clough was
! not written with the knowledge or
HOSE .GUrtST HAS went"
i consent of Mr. Grant or of either or
; any of his managers. I have known
• Judge Clough for a great many years.
: I also felt a cteep interest in Mr.
■ Grant's campaign, and sought to
serve him whenever I might honor
ably do so.
If you insist on coupling the name
of Grant, or either of his managers,
witn the letter to Judge Clrugh or
with me, I uesire that you do so with
full notice that they are in no way
responsible for it and had no knowl
edge of it. DAN T. COLE.
Milton Green is so much alarmed over
' c turn affairs have taken that he
now throws the whole blame of the at
tempted bribery on Dan T. Cole. To
night he writes this rather remarkable
letter to shield Grant:
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5, 1899.
If any letter was written to Judge
Clough by Dan T. Cole offering him
financial assistance in his campaign,
it was wholly witiiout the knowledge
of Mr. Grant or of any one connected
with his campaign, and any such
financial assistance, if accepted,
would have been rendered out of the
private funds of Mr. Colo himself.
MILTON J. GREENE.
Can any member of the Legislature
remain indifferent to the demand for
immediate investigation when he reads
these foregoing letters in referenc to
the subject?
Can the Legislature hesitate to de
mand the production of the letter which
Cole wrote to Judge Clough offering
to pay from $300 to $500 if the Assem
blyman would vote for Grant? Is Dan
T. Colo purchasing Grant votes for his
own amusement and pastime? Does
his salary in the United States Mint
Justify him in making such unsolicited
tenders of financial assistance to old
friends?
To-night the wires carry the news to
every city in the United States that a
Federal office holder employed in the
San Francisco Mint offered to bribe a
member of the California Legislature
to vote for U. S. Grant for United
States Senator. The topic is now a
national scandal, and the eyes of the
whole country are on the Legislature
now in session here.
If over the fair fame of California
was involved it is now. The time has
Come for the masses of honest and
patriotic citizens of the State, for farm
era, merchants, bankers and profes
sional men, to speak out in favor of
honest and honorable methods in the
choice of a United States Senator to
succeed Hon. Stephen M. White.
LEVINSON A BENEDICT.
Portland Journalist Weds a San Ber-
nardino Young Lady.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. B.— N. J.
Levinson of Portland, Or., city editor of
the Oregonlan, was married this evening
to Miss Margaret M. Mogeau. The wed
ding took mace at the residence of the
bride's mother near San Bernardino, and
was solemnized by the Rev. J. C. Rollins,
pastor of the First Congregational
Church. Mr. and Mrs. Levinson go to
Monterey for their honeymoon ami will
reach home about the middle of the pres
ent month.
THE EXAMINER POLL
A BARE-FACED FAKE
Raw Work by a Reporter of the
Yellow Paper.
Indignant Denials and Protests Entered by Nearly All
of Those Quoted as Favoring
Dan Burns.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— The names of twenty
five Assemblymen and six Senators were
printed by the Examiner this morning
as the thirty-one legislators who will
"admit at this time that they intend
to vote for Colonel Dan Burns for
United States Senator."
The publication was made as a part
of a poll of the Legislature on the Sen
atorial question and the whole was one
of those rare fakes for which that pa
per is noted.
Of the thirty-one Senators and As
semblymen who are credited in the Ex
aminer fake poll as having admitted
that they intended to vote for the col
onel, there were but two who could be
found to-day who stated that they had
made any such admission, and those
two were Senator Bettman and Assem
blyman Kenneally of San Francisco.
A large majority of the remaining
twenty-nine said they never had been
either questioned or approached by a
representative of the Examiner and in
terrogated as to their choice for Sena
tor.
There were two who had been inter
rogated, but they had informed the Ex
aminer representative that they had
formed absolutely no choice for Sena
tor as yet, and furthermore they did
not intend to give exnression to any in
dividual choice or preference until the
time for balloting came.
The publication of these thirty-one
names of Senators and Assemblymen
as acknowledged supporters of Burns'
will work cruel injustice in some cases,
and it certainly did cause a great deal
of indignation among those who had
been credited as admitting their prefer
ence for Burns, when they never had
done so.
These legislators put in the day en
tering denials to the allegation and de
nounced the publication as a fake of
the first water. They were in many in
stances most emphatic in the language
they used because of the false light in
which they had been placed, not only
before their own constituents, but be
fore the people of the whole State.
Among those who were most indig
nant was Senator Da^is of Amador
County. The Senator, in discussing the
subject, said:
"I have never talked "with any re-
| porter or any one else about voting for
Colonel Burns. I am not in a position
to do so. The man whom I think should
be sent to the United States Senate i
from California is Irving M. Scott, and j
if we can but get him into the tontest
I think he is far and away the best of I
any or all of the candidates now in the !
field. In my judgment this matter of
electing a Senator should be governed j
not by what is best for us as individ- I
uals, but what is best for the State of
California. There can certainly be no
question that the best interests of this
State would be subserved by the elec
tion of Irving M. Scott, if we can only
get him into the contest. Feeling as I
do in this matter you can see how it
would be impossible for me to state
that I was for Colonel Burns."
Senator E. I. Wolfe of San Francisco '
was also credited as being among those I
who had announced their intention to j
vote for the colonel. Senator Wolfe, in j
speaking of the matter, indignantly
Bald:
"I have never infor.ned anybody as to
whom I intended to vote for for United !
i States Senator. I am not in anybody's j
I camp. The Senate is not balloting for !
! a United States Senator at present and
I I have not yet determined upon my
I choice. This is not the time for declara
ttonfl to be made, in my judgment."
Assemblyman Grove L. Johnson was
also in the list of "admitting ones."
Mr. Johnson denied that he had ever
I stated to any human being the name
I of the man he intended to vote for for
Senator.
I Assemblyman Knight of Sacramento
County made the same statement that
Mr. Johnson did. Both were approached
by an Examiner representative and
asked to express a preference for Sena
tor, but both declined to do so. where
upon they were recorded by that paper
as "admitting that they intended to
vote for the colonel."
Assemblyman Dibble of San Fran
cisco never at any time stated that he
intended to vote for the colonel.
Assemblyman Devoto of San Fran
cisco was greatly incensed at having
been credited with "admitting" that he
intended to vote for the colonel. He
never at any time made any such state
ment, in fact he has at no time ex
pressed a Senatorial preference.
Assemblyman Knowland of Alameda
County was in the poll as an "admit
ting" Burns man. Mr. Knowland never
made any such admission and has not
given expression as to his Senatorial
choice to any one.
Assemblyman Cargill of San Benito
was among those misrepresented. He
has as yet formed no preference.
Assemblyman Rickard of San Fran
cisco stated that he had never declared
himself for any candidate for Senator,
but had repeatedly stated that he in-^
tended to vote for the caucus nominee*
Not until he was called upon to vote
did he intend to announce his choice.
Assemblyman Kelsey of Santa Clara
County said he had never taken any
body into his confidence as to whom he
intended to vote for and declared he
was absolutely unpledged.
Assemblyman Arnerich of Santa
Clara denied absolutely that he had
ever informed anybody that he intended
to support Burns for Senator.
Assemblyman Cobb of San Francisco
said: "I have never declared to any
body whom it is my intention to sup
port for Senator."
Assemblyman Raub of Sutter County
never expressed himself on the Sena
torial proposition.
Senator Hoey of San Francisco stated
that he had never given expression to
Senatorial preference and no Examiner
man ever pretended to question him in^
regard to the matter.
Senator Burnett of San Francisco de
nied absolutely that he had ever OX
any time told anybody whom it was
his intention to vote for. He was not
prepared to state yet the man of his
choice.
And so it was all the way down the
line. Various Senators and Assembly
men were published as having deelar- I
for Grant, Bulla, Beale, Knight or Fel
ton. In some few instances it is true
that legislators have expressed prefer
ences, but the poll was simply the com
pilation of a member of the Kscar
staff, based upon no actual information
or data whatever, but made up as he
thought the vote might be upon the
first ballot, and printed for the purpose
of bolstering up the candidacy of the
man from Mexico.
But the publication of the fake failed
of its purpose. It has resulted in mak
ing about twenty- five as angry states
men as can be found gathered in any
capital city in the United States. Al
ready some of them are receiving tele
grams from their constituents asking if
they have been correctly placed by the
Examiner as announced supporters of
the candidacy of "Mexican Dan."
Those unhappy legislators have been
compelled to keep the wires hot with
explanations and as each telegram goes
out their anger increases and the lan
guage they use in denouncing the Ex
aminer's fake Senatorial poll becomes
stronger and more expressive.
"MAGE" M C LAUGHLIN
IN A NEW ROLE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— "Mage" McLaughlln,
manipulator of the golden feather and
political Pooh-Bah at the throne of Al
calde Burns, came out in a nice new role
here this evening— that of political high
wayman. Moral suasion and that "ur
bane manner" that has made "Mace"
famous from Oroville to Santa Cruz have
failed to do much business in the way of
Burns votes since the Mexican coterie
descended on the Golden Eagle bar la
fact, any good old political "has been**
could have effected just as much in th%
same time, and it has become apparent
to the whole push that what cannot be
had for the asking— 01- for that matter
the buying— must perforce be had by
other means. Force was necessary and
force must be used. It was new business
for the "Mage." The good old con was
more to his liking, but it was one of the
penalties of his unholy associations and
a gJnVraWol&J? 8 ° ° Ut ° Q the llne <»
All might have gone well enough If he
na< L. no Ji gone up against the wrong man
F n S nffil a tte ?l pt - Sizinß U P the GoMeS
Eagle office as the most prolific field for
operations, ,he armed himself with a
pocketful of bar checks and a stern ex*
pression and sallied forth. At the bot
tom of the stairway he bumped into As
semblyman George Radcllffe of Santa
Cruz County, one* of the cleanest young"
men in State politics. Jingling his -baJ
Hnk k o S r , and fe " { "S out "
seized the Santa Cruzan by the aim he
seized the Santa Cruzan by the arm and
dragged him by main strength in™ one
of the anterooms of the hotel.
Vvho are you tied up to for Senator?"
he demanded in tones that were heard
you rlgh??' ?aPer man at the bar '*™
Radcliffe wasn't scared a bit He had
seen the "majah" in his harmless mo
m °ts. a nd he felt no fear. He simply
denied that he had anything about him
that the new Robin Hood had any use for
and he did it most emphatically M C
Laughlin's nervy graft made him good
and mad. He jerked off his hat with one
hand; the other he jammed down on the
table with a bang that rattled the glass
"l'm tied to no one yet. that I know of.
ma'n^rn— ' Cmaln *" nOt tied t0 ™*
But Mage knew better. "Rad" had a
vote and he'd have to give it up. Run*
ring his hand threateningly down on his
bar checks, he ordered an immediate de
livery. Radcllffe said it was serious busi
ness and got ready for trouble.
Said he. in no unmistakable terms: "I
would not vote for Dan Burns if my vote
would elect him and all were the In
centive, and you might as well make up
your mind to it."
It was emphasized by another smash at
the green-covered table, and the golden
Radcliffe locks stood up in anger. The
nerve of the embryo highwayman fal
tered, fell, and out came the deadly bar
checks, but not in anger. Maje quit the
road right there, and these weapons were
put to their original liquid use.
A new Robinson Crusoe has been
found. The man, according to a Peru
vian telegram, waa found on one of the
deserted Galapasoa Wands. He had not
spoken to or even seen i human being for
fourteen years, and his body was covered
with a thick hair. He has lived on wild
birds, shelllish and water.BURNS BOOMERS WHO
DO THE SHOUTING
A Sorry Set of Bummers Headed by the
Federal Brigade,
Like a Lot of Squealing Swine They Are at the
Trough for What Swill They Can
Derive From It.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— Compliments to the
Federal brigade, and why do the loveij
four comprising it not go home and
earn their salaries? They ought to be
madfi -to d r lose their jobr,.
Us have passed since they atu-: ..
ideed, they ever at
it is a certainty
that if it were my business they would
n* ■• • ■;■ get a chance to make a bluff at
-. The quartet is a precious one. It
■/embraces Billy Hamilton, with his
•Jsrtfile and his ambition to succeed John
P. Irish; Jake Shaen. who is an orna
jnent of the appraiser's office when he
. deigns to be there; Lynch, who draws
■■ fcalajy as Collector, and Jake Ptep-
Richer. As to the latter Jake, I made
..•mention yesterday morning, perhaps
•'.father too hard. During the campaign
: he warmed a chair in the headquarters
■'.of Burns, supposed at the time to he
the headquarters of the Republican
•..committee. He was a Burns disciple
then and he is one yet. The four of
•them ought to be chased home. They
;iia,ve no legitimate occupation here.
■.They are presumptuous interlopers,
• hungry for a new brand or pie, while
' already gorged. Their check is beyond
.ell' description. Holding respectable
and wholly undeserved jobs they neg
lect these to reach for others. They
: ire the squealing swine of politics.
That they are here to work for Burns
' reeds no saying. They are rooting for
:•" acorns he has promised, their noses
ar.e keen for the swill he is expected to
pour into the trough as an invitation to
. them to enter with four feet. There
should be a ring in the snout of each.
'..All Burns men look alike to me. Yet,
it must be acknowledged that there are
many of them. They do not proclaim
'themselves always, but they gather in
• dark corners as rats in a sewer and
drink bad liquor to the health of their
■ Dan. Of course, not all Burns men are
■crooks, but all the crooks in evidence
• are Burns men. The rest are deluded,
•• cither by promises or by blindness,
Ti'iey make the plea for Burns that he
has stuck to his friends. Yet there
'.were doubtless friends on his bond as
■Treasurer of Yolo and as Secretary of
.State. Columbus Waterhouse had been
•his friend, and Waterbouse died with
■a curse on his ashen lips for this man
Burns, the man who sticks to his
•friends. All this talk of Burns is sick
ening. The Legislature may elect him,
b"u"t every vote in his favor will be a
disgrace to the person casting it, and
•.stamp him either corrupt or as near a
•fool as one can be and avoid the asy
lum. In fact, the Mexican seems to
have no respectable following worth
•considering. There are in it no repre
sentative citizens. Merchants, bank
• ers, farmers have no use for him. The
mob at his heels is made up of touts,
gamblers, rounders, Gunsts and deluded
pents. Nevertheless, they make an
army so mighty that they may yet
e crown this proud State with shame.
.George Knight does not seem to be
discouraged. His legal associate in the
;*Botkin case is here to soothe and sus
tain and seems fairly bulging with
hope. I think that circumstances will
tap him in time to avert an explosion.
• pafnes is winning friends, for his
"'dignified demeanor is in his favor, his
gift of oratory has spell-bound, and he
}p .not credited with holding out allur
ing tf.iiL His campaign is clean and
. eve/i now there are those to whom this
"•isdiit of thing is pleasing. Bulla. as I
' judge from circulating in the crowd, is,
v like Brer Rabbit, laying low.
•. There remains to be considered th"
■.Grant fight. It is a complex affair, its
;■ asp.oct changing with the point of view.
"•I.' "still believe he will be the winner, for
'fr.ank.ly there is nobody to be observed
in "the race but Burns and himself.
. There are rumors afloat that the
(Irani men are buying votes, but they
can' aiJ be tra'*> ; to the Burns camp,
arid as the average Burns camp-fol
lower could not be believed under oath,
■<]<*> not carry much weight. At most it
.could only bo regarded as a pot at
tfng to blemish the repute of the
fettle. . The idea of a burst of indigna
tion from the Burns gang over infrac
ti"n of. ferity would make a Sacra
mento hack horse laugh, and he is the
b1 i f created things. if every
to.ugh b>re touting for P.urns had a
• Ise would have a show.
lint fortunately all they can do is to
T;ilk loudly and swill the whisky some
■r. This, perhaps, makes
iif>- a joy fir them, but it does not
make Senators.
A few • :" the State Senators are the
victims of crania! expansion of violent
tybe. They think the circling planets
THE PRESIDENT IS NOT
SUPPORTING BURNS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— -The news has reached here that an at
tempt is being made by certain politicians now in Sacramento to cre
ate th>- Impression th?t it Is the desire of the national administra
tion t ;;,, n fl f D. M. Burns of San Francisco to the
United States Bei ate. Tho rumor has piven rise to considerable com
ment, for th^ reason that at this moment all eyes are turned to
ward the Pacific <\,ast on account of matters connected with na
tional policy touching the final disposition Ot. recently conquered ter
ritory in the Orient.
Inquiry marie to-day developed the information, the reliability of
which is not to br ; questioned, that the President has been asked by
certain Californians to gjlve support to Burns 1 Senatorial candidacy,
but that he had steadfastly refused to take any part for or against
Burns or any one else. It was also ascertained that the President
has not been asked, nor has r,e granted permission for any Federal
employe to take part in the Senatorial campaign in California. It
may be stated on authority that if an effort is being made by Fed
eral employes in California to create the impression that the national
administration is assisting the candidacy of any one, it is being done
without authority and without the knowledge or consent of the chief
executive.
o o
oooooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooo
are regulated by their moods and that
the sun dares not peep above the hori
zon until their consent has been gained.
Naturally they believe a reporter has
no right to be on earth. Leavitt of
Oakland is of this ptyle. When asked
whether he intended to vote for Burns
he became furious. He acted as though
an i-ndeavor had been made to find out
whether he intended to raid a henroost.
Really, the reporter had sought legiti
mate information and yet it is hardly
strange that in the face of the implied
accusation Leavitt should have felt a
(lush of resentment. There was, how
ever, nothing to keep him from replying
unless a fear that he might incriminate
himself. If he intends to vote for Burns
no wonder he is ashamed of it, but
there was no occasion for him to put
his rancor on exhibition.
Sip. Bettman said to-night that the
n of Burns was a certainty. Ma
jor McLaughlin seemed wholly to
. With these two. the wish being
:■ to the thought, the thought may
fail to convince. However, in the en-
Ining of it they have much Joy
which nothing but an ultimate lack of
can take away. I give them cred
it, at least, for being frank and per
haps they an- acting according to their
lights, with the lights particularly dim.
To-night the lobby of the hotel is full.
as usual, everybody in search of in
formation, and few giving it. As a
matter of fact knowledge concerning
the Senatorial situation is meager, and
my guess is as good as that of an
other.
Th^ "•poll" taken by the Examiner |
and printed as showing: Dan Burns In j
the lead turns out to have been a prac- <
tical joke. The gentleman who com- )
piled it did so without first ascertain-
Ing the sentiments of the Senators and !
Assemblymen supposed to be emoted. '
That it was from beginning: to end a i
tabulated fake is made cloar in the |
news columns. Members were accred-
Ited to the Burns column when they ':
had not even been asked for an ex- !
pression, and open avowals that they ■
MA/AtLTQN. JAKE- sma&n. JAKP ST&ppACM&k. J<?MN LYNCH.
MEMBERS OF THE FEDERAL PUSH WHO DRAW A SALARY FROM UNCLE SAM, BUT DO POLITICS FOR
COLONEL BURNS IN SACRAMENTO.
were for somebody else -were not sufil- i
cient to keep their names off the black- |
list. Given a piece of paper and a pen. |
and smothering the natural regard for |
veracity, it is easy to elect anybody.
I marvel that the two houses were not I
made unanimous for Burns. There are j
few journals that can afford to indulge j
in these melancholy jests, but with the I
peculiar advantage of ha vine no repu
tation to lose, the Examiner can do so. !
I trust that the next "Blinker" com
ments will toast to a turn the Individ- j
aaJ who polled so boldly and so ill.
Another matter jsuggested painfully i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
is that there are headquarters here for
the Republican Central Committee, pre
sided over by Major McLaughlin, paid
for by the party and used exclusively
as a steering headquarters for Burns.
No favors are extended there except in
exchange for a promise of support fcr
the Candelaria schemer. Aspirants for
committee chairmanships are told by
the affable major that they will either
support Burns or be turned down.
The trickery, wire-pulling subterfuges,
bribery and intimidation are as grossly
in evidence here as in the shameful de
velopment of the Dennery fraud, .some
particulars of which have reached here
this evening, along with Dennery him
self, although he did not bring them.
The question seems to be whether
Burns is bigger than the party or the
party so much smaller than Burns that
it must be flouted, bullied, cowed, dis
graced by the agents of this citizen of
bad record, whose supremacy wcruld in
dicate rottenness and whose election
would put this great State to scorn. In
decency the headquarters should be
closed or forced to put out a sign. A
fitting emblem for it would be a photo
graph of an ex-Secretary of State
couchant behind the bars of a jail and
people rampant, with $31,000 just be
yond reach. As a background there
could be a Mexican prison, with a trail
leading to the door of the Capitol at
Washington, and inscribed over all the
legend: "I'm a bitter pill, but you
take your medicine."
PROMPT WORK DONE
IN BOTH HOUSES
The Printing Office Can Do
Business immediately.
The Senate Has Decreed That It
Will Be a Dry Ball This Tear.
The Appellate Court Bill
Up for Action.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— The Legislature has de
monstrated that it can act promptly
If occasion requires, for to-day the Senate
took up Assembly bill No. 1, appropriat
ing $50,000 as an emergency for the ope
ration of the State Printing Office until
the regular appropriation is made. The
bill came over from the lower house this
morning, was taken up a few minutes
later, and was passed within a half hour
of its reception by a unanimous vote. No
amendments were offered, and not the
slightest inclination was shown to block
its passage. As soon as the Governor
signs it the State Printer will have ample
funds at his disposal for the Immediate
needs of his office.
None of the juice of the California
grape will be served at the banquet,
which has always been a welcome feature
of the inaugural ball. The Senate has
settled that. This does not necessarily
mean that the guests must nurse their
thirst until they get downtown, but it will
put them to the inconvenience of visiting
the private "well," which it is fxpected
will be fully established by that time.
Senator Cutter is responsible for the
change in the plans of the citizens of Sac
rnnonto having charge of the ball. When
the Senate met this morning one of the
first matters to be taken up was the As
srmbJy ' resolution placing the Capitol at
the disposal of the committee from the
time of adjournment, Saturday, until
Tuesday morning.
Cutter offered an amendment providing
that no wine, beer or other intoxicants
should be served at the supper. He re
ferred to previous affairs of the kind, at
which the waiters became intoxicated and
a genera] state of hilarity prevailed. He
said it was the intention of the committee
to spend $SOO for wines, which, he esti
mated, would purchase GOO pints of me
very best brand of champagne.
Bettman Of San Kraneisco remarked
that it was intended to serve nothing but
still wines, whereupon Cutter rejoined
that it only ma<if the matter worse, for
1800 w<ml<l "purchase enouph still wine to
intoxicate every guest and attendant at
the ball.
The amendment was agreed to without
'•;.; "sition, find now those who oount on
attending the ball next Monday nißiu
must either cache a bottle somewhere or
patronize the "well."
About the only other feature of
the session of the Senate v.as the
maiden speech of C. M. Bhortridge.
There is something remarkable about
the new Senator's flow of oratory.
!! seems to dry up at times, some
thing like a mountain brook, and then
suddenly burst forth again and bubbles
on and on until another season of mi n
tal drought sets In.
During these arid periods Senator
Bhortridge appears to enter into a sort of
hypnotic state; his eyes close and his
features relax with a repose resembling
those at Joe Storms when asleep. This
comparison is made with npoloify t<> the
pride of the Chutes. The Santa dura
Senator's speech was delivered in the in
terest of Morehouse's resolution provi l
ing for the purchase of forty-five copies
of the constitution and codes for th<
of the officers and members. Senator
Phortridge created a sensation amo:iK
the members and his eloquence was smM
cient to change his own position, so that
when a vote was finally taken Short
ridge was recorded with the others and
the volumes will be purchased.
President pro tern. Flint presided In the
absence of Lieutenant Governor Neft".
Immediately upon assembling a message
was received from the Assembly an
nouncing; the passage of Assembly bill
1 and the adoption of Assembly resolu
tions 1 and 3. On motion of Cutter of
j Yuba Assembly joint resolution 1, indors
ing the national administration's conduct
| of the war. approving of the expansion
1 policy and instructing the California Sen
i ators to vote for the ratification of the
i treaty of peace was taken up.
The resolution was referred to a special
I committee of three, consisting of Davis.
1 Rowell and Sims, as were all the other
i resolutions bearing on the subject, includ-
I ing Senator Perkins' communication to
the Legislature.
Assembly concurrent resolution No. 3,
! directing the Secretary of State to place
the Capitol building at the disposal of the
i inaugural ball committee from the hour
| of adjournment Saturday until Tuesday
! morning was taken up and adopted with
| Cutter's amendment prohibiting the serv
i Ing of wines, beer or other intoxicants at
< the supper.
Assembly bill No. 1, making an emer
gency appropriation of $50,000, was then
\ taken up. Cutter's motion to suspend the
! provisions of the constitution In order
that the bill might be passed to-day was
carried and the bill was read the first,
second and third times and finally passed,
all within ten minutes.
Smith's resolution allowing each member
■ $2f) for contingent expenses was adop'.ed,
! and then Cutter called up the Assembly
| resolution relative to the improvement if
I the Sacramento River in accordance with
| the report of the Board of Federal En-
I gineers, now on file in Washington, and
requesting the California delegation in
Congress to strive to have the Federal
Government adopt and execute them. It
was- adopted.
Leavitt of Alameda offered a resoh
tion which was adopted that when th
Senate adjourns It do so as a mark of n
spect to the memories of the late Sena
tors E. S. Denison and J. H. Mahoney.
A. S. Langley was appointed one of 1
official stenographers by a vote of 24 to
the first division of the session.
The Secretary of State was instructs
to purchase forty-five copies of the pocko
edition of the constitution and codes, ant
the sergeant-at-arms to purchase nece
sary bill files.
In the afternoon a message was r
ceived from the Assembly announcing th
adoption of Assembly concurrent resolu
tion Xo. 4 in relation to the improvement
of the Sacramento River, being the same
as the resolution adopted by the Senate in
the morning. An adjournment to 10 a. m.
to-morrow was then taken.
TWO IMPORTANT MATTERS.
The Assembly Is Anxious to Have
the Nicaragua Canal Built
by the Government.
I CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— The Assembly this
morning was called upon to consider two
matters of great importance to the State
cf -California. One, the creation of an
appellate court, the other a concurrent
1 resolution introduced by Caminetti, of the
| minority, announcing 1 to President Mc
; Kinley and Congress that it is the wish of
I the people of this State tnat the Govern
'< ment of the United States build and ope
! rate the Nicarag. canal.
The creation of a court of appeals was
brought up by Grove L. Johnson of Sac
ramento as an amendment to section 6
of the State constitution. It was handed
up to the clerk's desk, but Its reading
was dispensed with and it was sent to
the printer. Its creative sections are as
follows:
Sfction 25. In addition to courts heretofore
i established and now existing under the constl
! tutlon there shall he a court to be known ,■!,"=
j the Appellate Court, to consist of a Chief
i Justice and four Associate Ju.-tlces possessing
! the qualifications required In Justices of the
i Supreme Court. The Appellate Court shall al
i ways be open for the transaction of business
and shall hold Its regular sessions at such times
and places as may be prescribed by law. Any
1 three Justices may hear and finally decide any
cause or matter within Its Jurisdiction; pro-
I vided, that when a cause has been orally ar
, gued the concurrence of at least three Justices
, who have heard th« argument shall be ncceb
sary to a decision.
Section 26. The Justices of the Appellate
; Court- shall be elected by the qualified elec
j tors of the State at large at the general State
! election? at the times and places at \m Ich
State officers are elected, and the term of of
; fice shall be ten years from and after the first
Monday after the first day of January next
I succeeding their election: provided, that the
■ five Justices elected at the first election after
1 the adoption of this amendment shall, at their
, first meeting, so classify themselves by lot
, that one of them shall go out of office at the
| end of two years, one of them at the end of
four years, one of them at the end of six years,
one of them at the end of eight years and one
of them at the end of ten years. The one
drawing the shortest term Khali be Chief Jus
tice and at the end of his term shall be suc
ceeded by the one drawing the next, shortest
term If he still be in office, or otherwise by
I the Justice; oldest In commission. Afterward
the Justice holding under the oldest commis
sion shall be Chief Justice.
.Section 27. The Appellate Court shall have
; final and' appellate Jurisdiction on questions of
: law alone in all criminal cases prosecuted by
i indictment or information in a court of record
| and in all actions at law founded In tort com-
I menced in the Superior Court. The court shall
also have the power to Issue writs of manda
mus, certlorari and prohibition to the Superior
Courts in and concerning the cases In which
It has appellate Jurisdiction.
The compensation is fixed at $6000 each
per year, but section 32 provides that no
Justice of the Appellate Court shall be al
lowed to draw his monthly salary unless
i he shall make affidavit that no cause in
his court remains undecided that ha? been
submitted for a longer period than ninety
days.
Camlnetti'a resolution was not debated,
but upon his own motion was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
when that committee shall have been ap
| pointed. It provides as follows:
Whereas, There is now pendlnK in the Con
gress of the Vnlted States a proposition to se
cure the construction of the Nicaragua canal.
\Yh«"-t-ns, 'li" State of California will be ma
terially benefited by the construction thereof,
therefore be It
Resolved. By the Assembly, the Senate con
curring, that we respectfully and urgently re
quest Congress to provide for the construction
of said canal by the Government of the United
States, to be owned and operated by it, thus
securing to our country the great benefit of a
short and cheap waterway between the Atlan
tic and Pacific oceans, open to all our people
on equal terms without discrimination.
Resolved, That the Governor of the State of
' California is respectfully requested to trans
! Mit a copy of these resolutions to the Presi
; dent of the United States, the Senate, the
! House cf Representatives and the California
I delegation In Congress.
The temporary report of the Committee
i on Rules was read and adopted. It pro
vides for thirty-nine standing committees,
and makes little change in the rules of
last session.
Cobb of San Francisco moved to amend
the report by making' the San Francisco
delegation a standing committee of elgh
i teen members, but his proposition was
warmly objected to by a number of the
: country members. "When it came to a
vote the Los Angeles delegation stood
alone with the San Franciscans, and the
! motion was lost.
A message from Governor Gage an
! nounoed to the Assembly that he had se
lected W. I. Foley as his private secre-
t ary, and that thereafter all business com
; munications must come to him through
: that channel.
Pierce of Yolo introduced a concurrent
| resolution approving the work and plans
: for tho improvement of the Sacramento
1 River by the Sacramento River Oommis-
I tion, and recommending that Congress
; take action favorable to the consumma
tion of the plan of improvement arranged.
The resolution was adopted, and on mo-
I tion of Dibble an adjournment was taken
: until 9:30 to-morrow morning.
A TRAITOR IN
THE BULLA CAMP
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— There Is a traitor in !
the Bulla camp.
This startling discovery was made this [
morning', and it came like a thunderbolt j
out of a clear sky, for Senator Bulla and j
those of his supporters whom he knows
absolutely and beyond any question to
be true to him and his candidacy never i
for a moment suspected treachery. The
truth of the matter Is that Senator j
Bulla's supporters are not so numerous j
that it is impossible to keep close watch
upon them and prevent them from going ;
astray. But it seems that in an un
guarded moment of overconfidence in the !
absolute good faith of all the Bulla men
some one of them was possessed of
enough treachery and cunning to obtain :
all the details of the plan of campaign !
the Bulla forces adopted at the caucus ,
they held yesterday afternoon, deliver |
them over to Milton Green, the manager |
of the Grant campaign, receive whatever
reward was his due and escape without
discovering his identity.
Not until noon to-day did the Bulla men
find this out, and then was the treachery [
very foolishly uncovered by Manager
Green himself. Early this morning Mr.
Green called for a conference with As- 1
semblymen Valentine and Mellick of Los
Angeles County, the two most ardent sup- j
porters Bulla has. In the course of con- !
versation Green disclosed to Valentine
and Mellick that he was fully cognizant
of absolutely everything that transpired
at the Bulla caucus yesterday afternoon. <
He told the surprised Los Angeles County
statesmen details of what had transpired i
which thos<? attending the caucus ha<i ;
solemnly pledged themselves to reveal to
no one, under any circumstances.
Assemblymen Valentine and Mellick lis
tened, with their eyes and ears strained
us they heard the secrets of the caucus
divulged to them in the camp of the !
enemy by the opposing general.
After Mr. Green had finished they j
accused him of having secured the in
formation through underground sources,
but he denied it. Unfortunately for Mr.
Green, he had gone too far, and Messrs.
Valentine and Mellick knew that some
one who attended the caucus had been
guilty of treachery.
Immediately another caucus of the
Bulla men was held. The facts which
had been divulged to Mr. Green were of
no positive injury to Bulla's interests,
but it had the effect of making it neces
sary to change the plan upon which it
had been decided to conduct the remain
der of the Bulla campaign for the Sen
atorship.
At the caucus this morning the state
ment was simply made that some mem
ber of it had failed to observe his pledge
of secrecy. No charge's were made
against any individual, as no proof was
at hand to establish who the party was
who had made the disclosures to Green.
There are two men in the I,os Angeles
County delegation under suspicion. bur-
Ing the balance of the Senatorial fight
Senator Bulla'p true friends will be more
guarded In their counsels, and the two
parties from the Senator's county wno
are referred to will bf let In only as to
such information as the Bulla managers
are perfectly willing Mr. Green or any
one else should have.
Senator Bulla received some reinforce
ments to-day from I,os Angeles. Council
man Charles H. Toll and George H. Stew
art, a prominent business man, arrived at
the Golden Eagle, and will remain until
the Senatorial fight is closed to do all they
can to further the interests of Mr. Bulla.
Both these gentlemen are representative
citizens of Southern California.
The Bulla men do not feel at all dis
couraged this owning. They deny that
they have lost any of their supporters, ;is
has been claimed by the Grant and
Hums managers. They still assert that
they will have fifteen and possibly six
teen votes on the first ballot.
The statement has been printed that
Assemblyman Valentine was ardent in his
support of Bulla from motives not alto
gether creditable. It has been alleged
that Mr. Valentine was supporting Bulla
in order not to be compelled to vigorously
antagonize Burns; that he did not de
sire to antagonize the colonel for the rea
son that it would make him persona non
grata with Governor Gage. This, it was
claimed. Mr. Valentine did not desire to
do, as he is ambitious to become one of
the Commissioners to the Paris Exposi
OAKLAND MINISTERS
DENOUNCE D. M. BURNS
Extra Session- of the Alliance to Discuss
Affairs of State.
The Aspirations of the Man With an Unsavory
Record Condemned in Unmistakable Terms
in a Resolution,
■-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-B-B
H Whereas, Colonel D. M. Burns has announced himself as a can- B
_ didate for United States Senator from California; and whereas, he m
was while Secretary of State indicted by the Grand Jury for the crime
0 of embezzlement, and has for years borne a notorious reputation B
g for corrupt methods in political life, and has been and is intimately '
I connected with institutions that demoralize and degrade; therefore i
| be it B
B Resolved, That the Ministerial Union of Oakland, representing I
«9 seventeen local congregations &.nd a constituency of several thou- i
sand people, hereby protests against the election of such a man to B
™ the great office of United States Senator as being a disgrace and a '
| detriment to all the interests of our State, and that we petilion the i
' Senators and representatives to elect some man whose character and B
| reputation are such that he would worthily represent the State of m
B California in the Senate of the United States.
fl R, F. COYLE, D.D^' ■
E. R. DILLE, D.D., B
■ C. H. HOBART, '
B J. M. FRENCH,
C. R. BROWN, ■
B Committee. g
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 5.
Not for several years has there been
such a largely attended meeting as that
of the Oakland Ministerial Union this
afternoon. It was a special meeting, and
the important business before it was the
discussion regarding the possible damning
of the standing of California in the East
by the election of D. M. Burns to the
X*'nited States Senate.
There were some very fiery speeches made
when the above resolution was brought
up. They were all of the same nature,
and set forth in language that could not
be misunderstood that the Senators and
tlon, the bill providing for which he will
shortly introduce.
Mr. Valentine, when seen, indignantly
denied the story and stated that while it
was true that he would introduce the
Paris Exposition bill the clause provid
ing for the appointment of commissioners
would expressly provide that only par-
ties of experience In the management of
exposition matters could be named as
commissioners.
"You •will, therefore, see," said Mr. Val
entine, "that by my own bill I will dis
qualify myself from service as a commis
sioner, inasmuch as I have never had any
experience in exposition matters."
DAN BURNS' FIGHTERS
ARE ON THE GROUND
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. ."..— Among the distinguished
arrivals at the capital to-night were Leon
Dennery, known in political circles as
Colonel Dan's man Friday, and Jack
Stelzner, prize fighter and political
rounder. Both repaired immediately to
the Golden Eagle and sought an audience
with the almighty main mine-owner and
seeker after Senatorial honors.
Owing to a press of other political
SENATOR WHITE TO
BE COMPLIMENTED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5. — Senator
Stephen M. White will receive the complimentary vote of the mi
nority for United States Senator.
a joint caucus of the Democratic members of the Senate and
Assembly was held to-night to decide upon whom to bestow the
complimentary vote. Senator White's friends thought he was entitled
to the honor and it was decided that he should have the vote on the
first ballot.
The second ballot will be given to Mayor James D. Phelan of San
Francisco, and if the majority fails to elect a Senator by that time
and a third ballot is necessary it is probable that M. F. Tarpey will
receive it.
Assemblymen from Alameda County
could not have been elected had they de
clared themselves in favor of Dan Burns
Rev. C. R. Brown said that the election
of such a man as Burns would do more
harm to California if it were to be
smitten with a plague.
A hope was expressed that no members
of the Alameda delegation would so far
betray the confidence reposed in them as
to vote for Burns. All p — <-<vl that the
influence of the racetrack, in which Burns
is largely interested, has been such as to
wrfck homes, make criminals and cause
public officials to become defaulters, and
the result of tho debate was the unani
mous passage of the above resolution.
hangers-on in the ante-chamber leading
to the colonel's sanctum h's man Friday
took a chair nut into the hill and there
awaited his employer's behests. Stelsner
hied himself to the barroom of the hot.H
and began to win votes for the colonel
with drinks and by intimidntion. His
broad shoulders and typical prize-fighters
face warned Senators and Assemblymen
alike to shun him and it is feared that
Jack's presence will do more harm than
good.
A rumor has been circulated for the
past few days that the colonel intended
adding men of this stamp to his already
large crov-d of political heelers and the
Federal brigade. Stelzner is the first of
his kind to put In an appearance. It is
understood that he was imported to an
nihilate the many caricaturists who are
now on the scene and who are connected
with metropolitan Journals.
REPUBLICAN EXPENSES.
Beport of the Disbursing Committee
of the Last Election.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— An itemized statement
of the receiving and disbursing commit
tee of the Republican party for the elec
tion held November S was filed this after
noon with Secretary of State Curry. The
report is prefaced with a statement that It
contains an accounting of all the moneys
contributed and subscribed for the use of
the Republican party and an itemized
statement of all moneys expended. Tha
account covers many sheets of closely
typewritten foolscap The receipts are
shown to be ?-J9,772 10.
The list of expenditures shows that
$2674 22 was paid for the distribution of
documents; for country meetings, in
cluding the hire of halls, rigs, bill posting,
etc.. $122*3 80; country newspapers, adver
tising. $2676 23; other advertising, $273
parades, for bands, etc., SUMS 75; salaries
and per diem of employes registration bu
reau, etc., 55!>47 83; speakers' account,
$2242 25; San Francico newspaper' adver
tising, $3123 05; rent of headquarters at
Palace Hotel (meals, rent and service),
$630; city and district meetings in San
Francisco, $0204 15; printing documents,
$4154 75. The total expenditures are given
as 549.G49 39. The statement has attached
a sworn declaration of its correctness by
the committee appointed under the purity
of elections law, composed of E. Nus
baumer. Wendell Easton, P. N. Lilien
thal, Paris Kilburn and E. C. Hart.
»-
THE INDORSEMENT OF
THE ADMINISTRATION
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— "That our Senators in
Congress are hereby instructed to Vote
for and in every manner support the
ratification by the Senate of the treaty
of peace between the United States and
Spain, recently concluded at Paris by th«
joint commission representing said pow
ers; and to vote against any amendment
to the same.
"Resolved, That a copy of these resolu
tions be immediately transmitted to each.
of our Representatives and Senators at
Washington, by telegraph, by the secre
tary of the Senate."
This simple resolution will be forwarded
to Washington to-morrow in reply to Srn
ator Perkins' request for instructions,
and will be all the indorsement the na
tional administration will receive from
the California Legislature, for the pres
ent, at least.
It was the. intention of the Republicans
to take this means of indorsing the man
agement of the v.-ar unreservedly and to
declare in favor of the expansion policy,
but the Democratic members intimated
that they would fight such a resolution
to the bitter end. anJ so the majority
abandoned their plan for the time being.
They regard ed it as most essential that
the State be a ur.lt in approving of the
pending treaty of peace and the minority
readily consented to jnin In a request to
the California Senators to ratify it. Tha
r>omocrats are quite willing to declare
for peace, with the disposal of Porto
Rico. Cuba and the Philippines as pro
vided for by the treaty, but beyond that
nothing could Induce them to go. Th<
majority and minority Senators both cau
Continued on Page Eight.
34
DUEL TO
THE DEATH
AT NAPA
Jesse Walters Shot and
Dangerously Wounded
by Al Cook.
Returns the Fire and Sends a
Bullet Through the Brain
of His Assailant.
NAPA, Jan. 5.— A duel to the death
occurred this forenoon in the McKen
zie livery stables on the corner of Main
and Third streets. As a result Jesse
Walters of Oakville la confined to his
room in xho Napa Hotel with a serious
bullet wound in his knee, and the life
less bo<y of Al Cook, alias Doorman,
lies in the Morgue awaiting Coroner
Kj ser's inquest.
Ex- Sheriff McKenzie saw about as
.much of the affray as any one, and his
Is" to the effect that he employed
the man who was killed, and who gave
his name as Doorman, last Saturday.
This forenoon Jesse Walters came into
the stable and was discussing with I.
Metcalf and himself (McKenzie) the
purchase of a harness, when Cook, or
1 '• ■ i man, who had been braiding rope
in a stall near by, stepped out and the
bullets began to fly. McKenzie says
he thinks about five shots were fired.
The reports of the weapons aroused
the entire neighborhood. Walters was
seen limping out of the stable, rubbing ,
one df his knees. With difficulty he '
p the street as far as Hargraves' i
saloon, and from there was helped into
a hack and driven to the Courthouse,
where a doctor way summoned. A bul
let had struck him squarely on the
just below the kneecap, making '
a painful and dangerous wound. He j
surrendered his weapon, a 44-caliber re
volver, with threi rs empty.
■ In the rear of McKenzie's barn, in
an inclos. ill, the body of Cook
was found, a bullet from Walters' re
volver having passed through an eye,
(rating the brain and killing- him
Instantly. A small revolver was still
clutched hi his hand. Four shots had
been fired from the weapon. The Cor
was Bummom d and conveyed the
body to Kyser's undertaking rooms on
Main street.
The exact cause of thf Bhooting is
„. unknown, but It is known that a few
year? ago Cook kept bar for Walters
at Oakville, and that for some cause
LAWS FOR ALASKA
ARE CONSIDERED
Good Progress Made in
the House.
ONE SECTION STRICKEN OUT
IT WAS CONSTRUED AN ATTACK
ON ORGANIZED LABOR.
In the Senate Caffery of Louisiana
Concludes His Speech in Opposi
tion to the Pending Nica
ragua Canal Bill.
Special t'l«ratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— The Judi
ciary Committee had the right of way
In the House for three hours to-day
apfl Quite a number of bills of minor
Importance reported from the commit-
tee were passed.
The remainder of the day was occu
pied in continuing the consideration of
t'ho bill to codify the laws of Alaska.
Sumo twenty-one pages were disposed
of to-day, making eighty-three in all.
A section in the bill, copied from the
statutes of Oregon, providing punish
ment by fine and imprisonment of per-
BOns who prevent or endeavor to pre
vent employes from working, aroused a
protracted debate on the ground that
It was an attack on organized labor. It
was finally stricken out.
The following bills called up by the
Judiciary Committee were passed: To
provide additional Circuit Judges for
the Third and Sixth Judicial districts;
to regulate the terms of court in the
Tiistrict of Butte, Mont.; to retire Cas
pius S. Foster, United States District
Judge of - Knnsas; to amend the Revised
Statutes s" as to allow the United
States five peremptory challenges in
criminal cases: to permit ship owners
to file indemnity bonds, and to allow
legally appointed guardians of insane
08 to prosecute patent claims.
PEACE TREATY AND
NICARAGUA CANAL
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Little busi
ness, except that of a routine character,
was transacted by the Senate to-day.
A resolution, offered by Hoar of Massa
chusetts, directing the Committee on
Foreign Relations to report to the Sen
ate whether the treaty of Paris makes
any provision for the claims of citizens
of the United States against Spain
which were in existence before the
present war, and the status of such
claims after the ratification of the
treaty, was adopted.
r'affery of Louisiana continued and
practically concluded his speech be
gun before the holiday recess in oppo
sition to the pending Nicaragua canal
bill. •
Violated the Game Laws.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. s.— Lawrence Mar
tinez, arrested for setting a net at the
rnotith of Russian River to catch steel
h?ads. was this afternoon held to answer
in the Superior Court by Justice Brown.
A few minutes later in the Superior Court
he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to
fifty days' imprisonment.
or other the men quarreled. The dead
ly encounter of to-day is supposed to
have been the result of that old and
long standing feud.
Jesse Walters is a prominent citizen,
being well known throughout Napa j
Valley. He has in the past served as
a Constable in Tount Township, and
acted as a Deputy Sheriff under Sheriff j
McKenzie. His doctors report that his
wound is a serious one, but that he is
doing as well as could be expected.
Al Cook, the dead man, was an Eng
lishman, formerly employed in St. He
lena. He was quite well known there, j
though a comparative stranger In i
Napa.
Mr. Walters was interviewed by The
Call correspondent this afternoon. € H«
said:
"I was standing in front of Har
graves' this forenoon when I paw
George McKenzie cross the street and
go into his livery stable. I wanted to
see him, so I walked down there and
went back into the stable, where Mr.
Metcalf and Mr. McKenzie were talk
ing. I joined them and was speaking
of buying a harness or something,
when some one commenced shooting at
me. The others ran out. but at the
second shot. I think, a bullet struck my
Ir-tr and T fell forward. Then I drew
my pistol and commenced shooting at
the fellow, who stood in the doorway
of the box stall. I dnn't know how
many shots T fired. I then walked out
nr.d was taken to the Courthouse. If
he's the fellow they say he is, T knew
him a few years ago. I turned him off
my place, and the last words he said
to me at that time was that he'd get
even with me if It cost him twenty
years in Pan Quentin to accomplish it.
I didn't know he was in the stable when
I went in there. I have always been
a good citizen, have always paid my
debts and believe that I am justified in
what happened to-day."
Dr. Hennessey was seen to-day. He
says that Walters' wound Is a very
had one. It is liable to either stiffen
the leg or necessitate amputation.
Coroner Kyser will hold the inquest
at the Courthouse to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock.
MARTIN AND THE
COUNCIL CLASH
Strife Among San Jose
Officials.
MAYOR NAMES A TREASURER
CITY TRUSTEES REFUSE TO
CONFIRM HIS CHOICE.
Despite Their Action Joseph F. Colom
bet Will Be Placed 5 Charge of
the Office to Succeed the
Late J. N. Ewing.
BnecSal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— Mayor Martin
and the Council, with the exception of
Councilman Wright, lo ked horns this
afternoon over tiie apnointment of a
successor to City Treasurer J. N. E\v
ing, who died suddenly last Monday.
Mayor Martin had retained a strict si
lence in regard to his choice. This
afternoon he named T -ph F. Colom
bet for the place. This was a surprise,
as the majority thought George Y. Bol
linger would be appointed.
Councilman Wright moved that the
nomination be confirmed. There was
no second. Mayor Martin then asked:
"Isn't Colombet qualified or honest
enough?"
The Mayor said it was absolutely
necessary to open the otilce next Mon
day, as 6ome $25,000 in bonds would fall
due then, besides about $11,000 interest
to be paid. Rogers suggested that Dep
uty Treasurer Cottle made Treas
urer pro tern. A recess of five minutes
was th^n taken.
On reassembling Miner moved that
the nomination of Colombet be not con
firmed. Spring, McCauley Rogers and
Miner voted aye, and Wright opposed
the motion. Miner said that a Treas
urer could be elected, and proposed
Rush McComas. Mayor Martin said
he would appoint no one but Colombet
and asked Miner:
"Did the suggestion of McComas'
name come from you yourself, or is it
at somebody's dictation?"
McCauley suggested that Elmer Cot
tie be appointed. Mayor Martin would
not heed these suggestions to appoint
a temporary Treasurer.
The opening of bids for lighting the
City Hall, fire engine houses and clock
tower demonstrated clearly that the
new gas plant of the Electric Improve
ment Company has given the city
cheaper gas. The Light and Power
Company offered to supply gas at %2
per 1000 cubic feet and electricity at 10
cents per 1000 watts. The new com
pany proposed to light the City Hall
with gas for $1 69 per 1000 cubic feet.
At present the city is paying $2 60 per
1000 feet, or nearly $1 per 1000 more than
that offered by to-day's bid. The Elec
tric Improvement Company also offered
to light all engine houses and clock
tower for $48 a month, against $66 a
month now being paid. The matter
was referred to the committee of the
whole.
It is understood Mayor Martin will
place Colombet In the treasury to-mor
row' morning without regard to the
Council's wish. In this case confirma
tion cannot come up tin next meeting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
GREEN "BEARD"
ON ARMY BEEF
But It Was All Right
Underneath.
COLONEL OSGOOD EXPLAINS
MEAT TREATED CHEMICALLY
NOT GOVERNMENT PROPERTY.
The Commissary of Subsistence Who
Served With Miles Says the Ra
tions Issued During the*
War Were Good.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Colonel
Henry B. Osgood, commissary of sub
sistence, who served with General Miles
at Tampa and at Camp Thomas and
Santiago, was before the War Investi
gation Commission to-day. General
Beaver asked many questions as to the
quality of the rations issued during the
recent war. In brief, Colonel Osgood
said the rations throughout the war
were as good, if not better, than those
usually issued to the regular army.
The beef, he said, was particularly
good and better than any he had ever
eaten at an army post. It was the first
time, he explained, that he had ever
seen the refrigerated beef issued in the
army and it was far better than tno
contract beef he had generally had at
various posts.
He said he had had under him a
butcher of twenty-two years' experi
ence who cut and issued the beef and
this man was under strict orders nevei
to issue a pound of bad beef. The Gov
ernment, he said, had a very good con
tract with Swift & Co., whereby they
kept a supply of beef on hand in re
frigerator cars and ships. Each day
witness called for what meat he wanted
and the contractors put it out on the
block. They were responsible for it till
the meat got to the troops, and if meat
was bad when delivered it went back
on the contractor. The contractor made
good whatever meat was rejected.
Colonel osgood explained that there
were many complaints as to the appeal -
ance of the meat. It had the green
mold or "beard" on the surface, as had
been explained by other witnesses. This
was repulsive looking, the witness said,
but the meat underneath was perfectly
sound and was really prime beef, much
better in fact than any beef killed on
the spot. Witness corroborated the
testimony of Major Duncan garrison
that after the men who disliked the
appearance of the refrigerated beef hau
had a short experience with meat on
the hoof they were glad to get back
to the American meat. Colonel Osgood
cited one instance where a board of
survey of the Second United States
Volunteers had condemned a lot of
beef and reported it rotten. The con
tractor protested to Colonel Osgood that
the refrigerator beef was good and
brought a steak cut from one of the
condemned quarters. The steak was
kept twenty-four hours longer off the
ice and then served to the members of
the board that had condemned it. They
did not know the antecedents of the
meat and pronounced it particularly
fine.
General Beaver said: "Colonel Os
good, it has been alleged before this
commission, not in sworn testimony,
and not in a way, perhaps, to demand
any great attention, but still it has
been stated that beef sent to Santiago
was prepared in some way with chemi
cals to preserve it. Can you tell us
anything on that head, or why any one
should use chemicals on meat when it
was apparently so easy to preserve it
in refrigerators?"
"Yes, I can tell you a good deal about
that. The meat treated in that way
was not the property of the Govern
ment or any of our contractors. I was
aboard the Comal one day and Colonel
Weston, chief commissaryt showed me
four quarters of beef hanging in the
sun which he said was 'process beef.'
It was prepared at the request of an
inventor named Powell, who claimed
that he had discovered a chemical pre
paration that would keep meat in a
hot climate without ice. It was purely
a private experiment and was not is
sued to the troops. I looked at it and
it seemed to be perfectly good. There
was no mold on it, as on the refrigera
tor beef, and It had no smell. I be
lieve Colonel Weston tasted some of it.
So far as I know he was the only offi
cer who tested it."
Witness did not say what Colonel
Weston thought of the process beef.
He continued: "I think Colonel Daly
saw this meat and probably the fact
that this beef was there gave the start
to all this talk of chemically prepared
beef. It was purely a private experi
ment and the Government had nothing
to do with it."
In connection with Colonel Osj?ood's
explanation of the "process" beef ex
periment, it can be stated that the in
ventor of the chemical preservative
brought the matter to the attention of
the War Department before the out
break of the war and offered to sell the
formula and process to the Government.
It was considered by the commanding
general, the Secretary of War and the
commissary department, and the War
Department declined.
TORMENTED BY GRIP,
HE ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Ex-Judge J. S. Yoachiam of Watson-
ville Sends a Bullet Through
His Head.
WATSONVILLE, Jan. 5. — Ex- Judge
J. S. Yoachiam shot himself through the
head at 6:30 o'clock this morning. Though
he is still alive there is no hope of his
recovery. He had been suffering for a few
days with an attack of la grippe and
though the illness was not at all serious!
this with recent disappointments is sup
posed to have been the cause of his at
tempt at suicide.
Judge Yoachiam was well and favorably
known, being one of the pioneer business
men of Watsonville. At one time he car
ried on an extensive grocery business
under the firm name of Yoachiam & Mi
ner. For the past year he has been pre
siding Judge of Watsonville and he vacat
ed the office of Justice of the Peace only
a few days ago. He was very popular.
He leaves a widow and four children.
HURRIED OUT OF THE STATE.
Alleged Georgia Absconder Taken
Away on a Requisition.
TULARE, Jan. s.— Detective J. M. Hew
itt of Georgia went south last night with
S. Lafayette Almand, the absconder from
Conyers, Georgia. Almand was placed
under arrest here by City Marshal Car
lisle two weeks ago. Strenuous efforts
were made by Almand's friends to have
him relased on the ground of no warrant
and illegal detention. When released he
was again arrested and soon after taken
to Stockton, where he was held until the
officers obtained the proper requisition
from Governor Budd. This obtained he
was hurried south and was well on his
way to Georgia before those interested
in his release were aware of it. He is
paid to have left Georgia with at least
$27.f>PO wrongfully obtained. No effort was
spared to effect his capture.
TO BE EMBASSADOR
TO ST. PETERSBURG
Potter of Pennsylvania Is the
Man Picked Out to Represent
HON. WILLIAM POTTER.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs:
Joseph H. Choate of New York to be Embassador to Great Britain.
William Potter of Pennsylvania to be Embassador to Russia.
There seems to be no further doubt that President McKlnley will send
these nominations to the Senate within the next few days, possibly to-mor
row. Information which I obtained to-day makes it seem practically certain
that the President has selected Mr. Potter for the Russian mission. In fact
It was said Secretary Hay had received instructions to prepare the nomina
tion. However this may be 1* is known that Mr. Potter's name has been
under consideration and it is understood in official circles that he is not un
willing to accept the post.
Mr. Potter was formerly Minister to Italy, having hern stationed at Rome
during the Harrison administration. His record during that period has been
carefully examined by the I'resident and Secretary Hay and both feel confi
dent he will satisfactorily fill the St. Petersburg post.
So far as Mr. Choate is concerned some surprise was expressed to-day
that his name did not go to the Senate, but it is supposed that the Presi
dent desires to submit the nominations at the same time rather than send
one in one day and another later.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. s.— William Potter, who was United States Min
ister to Italy under President Harrison's administration, was born in Phila
delphia April 17, 1852. His father was Thomas Potter, a millionaire oilcloth
manufacturer. William Potter was matriculated in the University of Penn
sylvania ns a member of the class of '74, but owing to the illness of his
father was obliged to leave before graduation and finished his university
studies in Europe and with private tutors.
On his return to America he began the study of law, but became a
partner in his father's manufacturing corporation and continued as such
until 1892, when he was appointed by President Harrison to the Italian
mission.
As special commissioner to represent the State Department and the
Postmaster General, with instructions to visit London, Paris and Berlin, Mr.
Potter negotiated a more convenient system of sea postofflcea. This led to
his appointment as delegate to the fourth congress of the Universal Postal
Union in Vienna in 1891 with plenary powers, under which he arranged and
signed a new treaty.
DISAPPOINTS SAN
JOSE POLITICIANS
New District Attorney
Names Deputies.
SOME ILL-FEELING CREATED
GOOD GOVERNMENT LEAGUE'S
CHOICES APPOINTED.
Mr. Campbell Selects C. C. Coolidge
and A. H. Jarman, Ignoring the
Indorsement of His
Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. s.— The interest cen
tered in the appointment of deputies
by District Attorney Campbell was re
lieved to-day and there are many dis
appointed politicians, because C. C.
Coolidge has been given the first
deputyship and A. H. Jarman second
place.
There has been a great scramble for
the two positions, with salaries of $1800
and $1200, at the disposal of this offi
cial. Campbell was the nominee of the
Democrats, Populists and Good Gov
ernment League. The county commit
tees of all three parties indorsed dif
ferent men for the places and these in
dorsements, with the exception of that
of the Good Government League, were
ignored. The Democrats named J. W.
Sullivan and the Populists F. B. Brown.
Coolidge is a Democrat and Jarman a
Republican. Both appointments are
good ones, but the Democratic "push"
is dissatisfied because Sullivan was not
chosen. A bitter fight was made against
the latter, because of his "gang" pro
clivities.
In the election contest to-day Judges
Hyland and Kittredge overruled the
motion to throw out the Ninth Precinct
and ordered it counted. The con
testant's motion was based on the
ground that the ballots were not prop
erly returned to the County Clerk. The
election officers of the precinct were on
the stand.. It is said an appeal from
the decision will be taken to the Su
preme Court. The testimony showed
the ballots had been returned in the
ballot box because they would not go
into a pouch and were carried Into the
Courthouse cellar by a deputy of the
County Clerk. A recount of the pre
cinct developed no material change.
To-morrow 300 ballots tied up for in
spection will be passed upon and then
the gains can be determined.
Heavy Fall of Snow.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 5. — Snow fell
over the entire Pacific Northwest last
night and to-day. The depth varies from
six inches in the valleys to several feet
in the foothills and mountains. West of
the Cascade mountains the weather has
been below the freezing point, while east
of the Cascades, in the nlgher altitudes,
very cold weather has been experienced.
At some points the thermometer reached
20 degrees below zero.
America,
LOST FOR DAYS
IN THE STORM
Redding Miner's Thrill
ing Experience.
WAS GIVEN UP AS DEAD
STAGGERS INTO THE CAMDEN
TOLLHOUSE.
William GoodalFs Long Exposure,
Without Food or Shelter, to
the Fury of a Moun
tain Blizard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Jan. s.— After having
been out in the great New. Year's
snowstorm since Saturday night, Wil
liam Goodall appeared at the Camden
tollhouse on Tuesday evening in a
completely exhausted condition. Good
all was missing for so many hours that
he had been given up for dead. He
went out to locate some mining prop
erty and was caught in the storm. He
lost his way and wandered aimlessly
about for three days and two nights.
He was without shelter and exposed to
the fury of the storm. He had some
food with him. At the tollhouse he
was taken care of and sent to his home
in Shasta. Goodall is one of the pio
neers of the county and about 65 years
of age.
Two miners started over the Clear
Creek divide to Shasta for supplies.
"When they reached the summit, one of
them, a young man named Harkness,
gave out and was unable to proceed.
His partner left him and hurried on to
Shasta for assistance. A search party
on horseback found Harkness lying in
the snow, his dog curled up on his al
most lifeless body. The exhausted man
was taken to Shasta and conveyed to
the County Hospital, where he died
within two or three hours after his ar
rival. This is the only fatality so far
that has come to light.
Two miners came down from Delta
Tuesday evening and are waiting to
get back to their homes at Trinity Cen
ter. They crossed the mountains be
fore the storm, intending to return the
way they came. The mountain trail
over which they traveled is now buried
in five or six feet of snow, and their
friends at home have doubtless given
them up for lost. The stage line run
ning into Trinity County was unable
to connect with Weaverville for many
days, though communication has since
been re-established.
Address«s to Farmers.
NAPA, Jan. s.— The Farmers' Institute
held interesting sessions to-day. Ad
dresses wore delivered by Professor Jaffa
on "Rational Feeding of Poultry"; "Wil
liam Hunter on "Mammoth Prune"; Pro
fesor Wickson on "Dairying:," and Pro
fessor Ja&e. on "Milk Products." Presi
dent J. S. Taylor gave the closing ad
dress on "Grange Organization and
Power."
OHIO SUPREME
BENCH DEFIED
Standard Oil Company
Ignpres an Order.
WILL NOT PRODUCE BOOKS
ATTORNEY SO DECLARES IN
OPEN COURT.
State's Highest Tribunal Is Set at
Naught, But Passes by the
Incident Without
Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. s.— As the re
sult of the developments in the Stand
ard Oil case in the Supreme Court to
day, Attorney General Monett this
evening filed a petition to oust the
company from Its charter in Ohio.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. s.— ln the ar
guments before the Supreme Court to
day upon the motion of the Attorney
General to dismiss the Master Com
missioner and continue the investiga
tion of the Standard Oil Company in
open court, Virgil Kline of Cleveland,
attorney for the oil company, was
forced to make some very positive
statements and admissions. He de
clared, in the first place, in response
to interrogatories of the court that the
company would not, under the former
order of the court, produce any books
other than those already given in evi
dence. In the second pia^e hi- admitted
that there were still outstanding about
$27,000,000 worth of trust certificates of
the Standard Oil trust, which the
court ordered dissolved in 1892. but
which the president of the Standard
company has all along been trying to
get in and is still trying. The court
heard the arguments of both sides, but
took no action.
Attorney General Monnett and At
torney E. B. Kincaid appeared for the
Atttorney General's department, and
Virgil P. Kline o£ Cleveland, Lawrence
T. Neal of Columbus and S. B. Elliott
of New York City for the Standard Oil i
Company. Only the Attorney General \
and .Mr. Kline addressed the court. ,
Special Master Commissioner Brins- j
maid of Cleveland, whose removal had
been demanded in the petition of the j
Attorney General, was not present,
and very little was said about him. as ',
the arguments were principally de- i
voted to the question as to whether or
not the officers of the Standard Oil
Company had complied with the recent j
order of the court to produce the cum- j
pany books, showing gross earnings ■
and distribution of dividends since the :
trust was ordered dissolved In IS9-. At
torney General Monnett argued that
the company produced no oooks in evi
dence except stock books; that dila- '
tory tactics had been resorted to; that
the Master Commissioner had not j
forced compliance with orders of the !
court; that now the funds available for,
the purpose of the investigation were
exhausted, and that the officers of the
company had defied the court.
Mr. Kline, in reply, stated that the
company had no books that were per
tinent to the order of the court save
account books and ledgers which had j
been placed in evidence. He declared j
that commercial books of the corpora
tion were formally demanded and when
pressed by the court he admitted that ■
they would not have been produced if |
asked for. He protested that such a
demand was? a violation of the rights
of the stockholders under article I of
the bill of rights, the constitution of |
the State and the fourteenth amend- J
ment.
It was at this juncture that Judge
Minshall asked:
"Do you refuse to comply with the !
order of the court?" to which Mr. Kline
replied:
"We do, for the purpose of presenting ;
the legal questions we desire to raise, j
This will be when the order is presented "
to the officials to produce them."
Subsequently Chief Justice Spear sug- I
gested that he supposed that the ob- I
ject of the company's attorneys was to !
have a witness refuse to testify regard- !
ing the books in the next hearing in the j
expectation that he would be placed I
in contempt and then habeas corpus j
proceedings would be undertaken. Mr.
Kline offered no explanation.
Chief Justice Spear asked: "Has your
company any books showing the work- '
ings of the corporation?"
Mr. Kline replied: "We have books j
showing the gross earnings and all |
financial details and we still have them, j
This talk about burning them is the ,
merest chaff."
He was next asked: "Will you pro
duce them?" and he again said: "We
will not under the former order be
cause it would be a violation of our
rights. We have always been willing
to produce our minute books and led
gers showing corporate transactions
but not books showing the holdings of
stockholders and transfers among
them. Any item that could not be
readily explained would be miscon
strued and the result would be no near
er, no clearer. We submitted all books
showing ownership of trust stock and
how it got back into the stockholders'
hands. When the order to dissolve was
made in 1892 there were $97,000,000 worth
of certificates outstanding, all of which
but about $27,000,000 have been drawn
in, but the president of the corporation
has so far been unable to get these be
cause they are held as investments and
collateral by people who prefer them
and are trying to retain them. It takes
time to convert all this amount of
money into corporate stock. The hold
ers of them do not get a dollar of div
idend from the Standard Oil Company
of Ohio. As to the books, we burn old
books in storage every ten years, but
there have been none destroyed perti
nent to this investigation."
At the conclusion of the arguments
the court gave the attorney of the oil
and constituent companies two weeks
In which to file their answers in the pe
titions against the constituent com
panies. *"- i .j?
FOR RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Yolo Supervisors Backing Up the
Efforts of De Vries.
WOODLAND, Jan. s.— The Bonrd of
Supervisors of this county is endeavoring
to hold up the hands of congressman de
Vriep in his efforts to obtain an appro
priation from Congress- The following
letter, signed by the entire board, was
forwarded to-day:
To Hon. T. E. Breton, Chairman House Com
mittee on Rivers and Hnrhors: California Is
engaged In an effort to restore her waterways.
A system of Improvements harmonizing with
recommendations of the Sacramento River
Board of United States Engineers has been
commenced. An expenditure of JIOO.OOO has
lntely been made by the State: gratifying re
sults are apparent. Two hundred thousand dol
lars are yet available for river improvements.
This sum. with the appropriation of $'$1,000
recommended by the river board, and expended
on lines indicated in their report, will largely
aid in perfecting a system that will sooner or
later be introduced for commercial relief.
The seriousness of the river conditions Is nr>t
exaggerated. Relief Is imperative. Concert of
action between the State and nation Is essen
tial to success, "^'e pray for favorable action
of your conunjttea, j
WAS MANSFIELD'S
PLAY STOLEN?
"Cyrano de Bergerac" a
Plagiarism.
SAMUEL E. GROSS' SUIT
ALLEGES HIS COPYRIGHTED
PLOT WAS REWRITTEN.
The Author of the "Merchant Prince
of Cornville'' Claims to Be the
Victim of a Bold
Theft.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. s.— ls "Cyrano de
Bergerac" a plagiarism? Is the play
now being produced by Richard Mans
fie'.d stolen from the "Merchant Princ<>
of Cornville," written by Samuel
Eberly Gross of Chicago?
Thete interesting questions are
square'.y raised by a suit begun to-day
in the Federal Court by Mr. Gross
agniiiPt Mr. Mansfield and his manager.
A. M. Palmer, to restrain infringement
Of a Copyright.
The papers were served on" Mansfield
this evening. The famous actor raised
a question of fact at once. While he
didn't care a continental where Ros
tand got the play, he was sure he had
never heard of the "Merchant Prince of
Cornville," or of Samuel Eberly Gross
of Chicago.
The complaint, on the other hand,
says Mansfield is the owner of a copy
of the Chicagoan's play, and among:
other things sets forth: The "Merchant
Prince of Cornville," written by Sam
uel Eberly Gross, a resident of Chicago,
as a diversion from business pursuits,
betwe ' 1875 and 1579, and submitted in
the manuscript to A. M. Palmer in the
latter year, and at the same time to A.
R. Cazauran, a Frenchman, and Pal
mer's dramatic reader. In 1883. still in
manuscript, it was at Mr. Cazauran's
request again delivered to him. He was
employed by A. M. Palmer as dramatic
reader, adapter and adviser and had
previously given a favorable judgment
on the play. He retained the manu
script several months. Letters and tele
grams from Cazauran state that ■ he
submitted the play to several theatrical
managers and nroprietors. Thus from
the time of completitnon until 1895 the
manuscript was sont at various time 3
to different actors and managers for
inspection. It was not produced, how
ever, and in 1595 and 1896. A statu
printed by Stone & Kimball. A statu
tory playright in England was secured
November 11, 1896, and the play was
also copyrighted November 12. 1896. in
England and the United States. Since
1896, a copy of the play has been dis
tributed by the author. Many promi
nent actors, managers and play writers
in England and America received and
retained copies, among them Richard
Mansfield.
Mr. Gross declined to talk of the suit
this evening, but his private secretary,
Albert J. Fisher, made the following
statement:
"At the first reading of the dramatic
criticism of Cyrano de Bergerac' Mr.
Gross was struck with the description
of the balcony scene, which seemed to
fit his play exactly. He felt at once
that making love by poetry, under the
circumstances described, was his inven
tion. A day or two later he received
a letter from a prominent actor and
member of the Players' Club of New
York, who had seen the play, saying
Gross had certainly anticipated some
of the most effective scenes in 'Cyrano
de Bergerac.' Gross began a careful
comparison of the plays, using the
Kingsbury translation, authorized by
Mansfield. The likeness of the two
plays grew upon him and was height
ened by seeing the production of 'Cy
rano de Bergerac.' Gross thought he
recognized all the most salient features
of most of his characters in some
or -..lion of the Mansfield production.
The scene upon which all the dramatic
action hangs, ud to the final denoue
ment, is the proxy lovemaking found
in the balcony scene, which in all its
principal features seems to be an ac
tual reproduction of that in ihe play of
Mr. Gross, in so far as dramatic action
and ideas are concerned, extending to
some extent to the language itself in
which those ideas are expressed.
"Mr. Gross believes he has absolute
fact for foundation or he never would
have gone into court to discredit the
production of Mansfield or of the play
which he produces, but feels he has a
right, as an English writer once put it,
to 'claim his own wherever he
finds it.'"
A Norwegian engineer has Invented a
process for producing paper glue, dress-
Ing gum and soap from seaweed.
ing gum and mmi' ■■""■ .-«.!».-<-».
The One
1 ! m* AN WHO WILL SWEAR THAT HE 19
; i iVf. perfect and that he needs nothing to maka
' his bliss complete is a fool. Now. think for
I ' a moment— are there not some things in this
I -world that you have not got that you would
' : much like to have? Do you enjoy your food?
1 ' Do you enjoy your sleep? Do you enjoy life
generally? Or Is there always something
i lacking? Now, If you cannot enjoy life to the
full, it shows that you lack vitality In aom*
way. The great
Thing Is
To get yourself In trim again at once If you
are all depressed or run >wn. Do you have
night sweats? Do you feel "shakv" ? Do you
fef-1 gloomy instead of being bright and vlgor-
I oub? Are you afraid to look your sweetheart
or your sister In tho eye? Are you, In a word,
only "half a man" instead of being, as you
ought to be, a grand specimen of creation? If
you are not all you should be. why not take
I steps to place yourself on manhood's plans
! again? Think of it!
Hudyan I
I The vegetable remedy-treatment Introduced by
! the doctors of the highest standing on this
continent, cures all such cases as yours Is.
Vim, vigor, life, hope and assurance all re-
j stored. Circulars and most convincing testi-
many Is yours for the asking. And if you !
1 have any other trouble— a blood disorder, for i
Instance— write and get free advice.- Why not I
try to-day?
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE. ,
EUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, t
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts*RIOS TREATS
FOR RELEASE
OF SPANIARDS
His Negotiations Carried On
Directly With Aguin
aldo's Government
Insurrectos Will Not Concede the
American Demands Lest the
Act Be Construed as
Submission.
• pectal Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, lS9g
by Jomra Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, Jan. 5. — The following official dispatch has
been received from Manila:
The insurgents refuse to liberate prisoners on the demand
of Americans, claiming that this might be construed as an act of
submission to the United States. With regard to the liberating
of the priests, the insurgents intend to negotiate with the Vati
can directly. General Kios has now opened direct negotiations
with the insurgents concerning the prisoners.
PARIS, Jan. s.— An official dispatch I
"received from the Filipino Junta, dated.
Manila, January 4, says that Aguinaldo ;
has gone to lloilo, at the reauest of In
nts there, to place himself at their j
bead, with the view of their fighting
with the Ameri
The dispatch also gives a list of the :
members of the new Filipino Cabinet. |
with facts as to their antecedents. The
following b pted office:
Presidi nt of the Cabinet and Minister
of Foreign Affairs— Mabini.
Minister of the Interior— Teodoro j
Santico, a civil engineer, educated in \
England and Belgium and taken to
Manila from Hongkong by Rear Ad
miral Dewey.
Minister of War— General Baldomero
Aeruinaldo, a cousin of Aguinaldo. the
-called Filipino Gov
ernment, a leader of the insurrection
from the beginning. He is described as j
■ ncr of Cavite.
Minister of Financ< — General Trias, a
guinaldo.
Minister of Public Y\ orks — Greeorico
Clnnzapa, a lawyer, until recently the
Filipino agent at Hongkong and for
■ Spanish Attorney General in the
Visayas.
The Cabinet is described as homo
and every member is pledged,
rding to these advices, to resist
military occupation of the Philip
pines.
A member of the Filipino Junta here
:ns that Agumaldo did not . run
away, hut "left Manila for the moun
-19 region behind cavite. in order
to make secret arrangements for his
voyage to lloilo."
The Filipino who furnishes this In
formation also categorically and speci
fically asserts that the latest telegraph
ic advices declare that if the Americans
insist upon the occupation of the prin
cipal cities by the American troops, all
Filipinos will resist by force of
arms.
Senor Tuason who has been appoint
ed agent at Paris and London, is ex
pected to arrive here ahortly.
The members of the Junta assert that
th" new Cabinet will bring forward the
"most energetic policy." Mabini. it ap
p. ;ns. [ [aims the recognition of the me
e of the Philippines, and will
not consent to the release of the Span
ish prisoners, but, it is added, he is
willing to come to an understandine
with the Americans as "allies" for the
surrender of the Spanish military and
civil officers and others which will
only be made on the following condi
tions:
Fj rs t.— The negotiations to be opened
formally between Spain and the National
■ o Government, Spain nominating a
delegate to treat therewith.
nil— ln the exchange of prisoners,
Spain to repatriate, first, all the Filipinos
prisoners for having- been directly
or indirectly connected with the insurrec
tion; second, all prisoners of war con
demned as traitors, revolters or desort
prs or for having in any manner seconded
Filipino movement during the pres
; surrender to be made before
the Filipinos release the Spanish prison
ers, ami Spain to grant amnesty to all
md Spaniards accused of con
spiracy In the insurrection.
Thii ray all the expenses
3f rep Filipinos, and also the
cost of maintaining and repatriating the
Spanis . s held by the Filipinos,
bayment being considered a war in
demnity: the National Filipino Govern
ment consents to pay the expense of re
patriating those Filipinos captured in for
ma! action, although, it is added, as a
matter of fact, tho Filipinos are also en-
I to demand the payment thereof by
Spain.
INSTRUCTIONS TO OTIS TO BE
PROCLAIMED TO FILIPINOS
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— The follow- j
mg is the text of the instructions sent
en< ral Otis, in command of the
United States forces in the Philippines,
to be proclaimed to the Filipinos as ex
ive of the purposes of the United
states with -respect to them:
ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27, 1898.
I <>; Is, Manila:
By ' Secretary of War I
the honor to transmit herewith ln
• relative to the
administration of affairs in the Philippine
Islands:
"EXECUTIVE MANSION,
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 21, IS9S.
"To the Secretary of War:
'Sir— The destruction of the Spanish
fleet in the harbor of Manila by the
squadron <.immand
t-'l by Rear Admiral Dewey, followed by
■ . city and ihe surren
■ the Spanish f< ■ , LCtically ef
■ "liijueH.t of the Philippine Isl
nslon of Spanish sov
tj therein.
"Vv'ltti .ure of the treaty of
United States and
dpain by the respective plenipotentiaries
at Paris' '.;i the Itftb inst., and as the re
p»lt of vl American arms, the
.futu:- disposition and govern
ment of the Philippine Islands are ceded
to ti. B. In fulfillment of
the rights of thus acquired
m<l the responsible obligations of govern
ment thus assumed, the a< tual occupation
and administration of the entire group of
the Philippine Islands becomes immedi
ately necessary and the military govern
ment heretofore maintained by the United
States in the city harbor and bay of Ma
nila is to be extended with all possible
aispatch to the whole of the ceded terri
tory.
"In performing this duty the military
sommander of the United States is en
loined to make known to the inhabi
:ants of the Philippine Islands that, in
lucceedlng to the sovereignty of Spain,
n severing the former political relations
jf the inhabitants and in establishing
lew political power, the authority of the
United States is to be exerted for the
Hecurtiy of the persons and property of
the people of the islands and for the con
firmation of all their private rights and
relations. It will be the duty of the com
mander of the forces of occupation to an
nounce and proclaim in the most public
manner that we come, not as invaders or
conquerors, but as friends, to protect the
natives in their homes, in their employ
ments and in their personal and religious
rights. All persons, who, either by active
aid or honest submission co-operate with
the Government of the United States to
give effect to these benefits and purposes,
will receive the reward of its support and
protection. All others will be brought
within the lawful rule we have assumed,
with firmness if need be, but without se
verity, as far as may be possible.
"V\ ithin the absolute domain of mili
tary authority, which necessarily is and
must remain supreme in the ceded ter
ritory until the legislation of the United
States shall otherwise provide, the mu
n'cipal laws of the territory, in respect
to private rights and property and the
repression of crime are to be considered
as continuing in force and to be admin
istered by the ordinary tribunals, as far
as possible. The operations of civil and
municipal government are to be per
formed by such officers as may accept
the supremacy of the United States by
taking the oath of allegiance, or by offi
cers chosen so far as may be practica
ble from the inhabitants of the island.
"While the control of all the public
property and the revenues of the State
passes with the cession, and while the
use and the management of all public
means of transportation are necessarily
reserved to the authority of the United
States, private property, which belongs
to individuals or corporations, is to be
respected, except for cause fully estab
lished. The taxes and duties heretofore
payable by the inhabitants to the late
Government become payable to the au
thorities of the United States, unless it
be seen fit to substitute for them other
reasonable rates or modes of contribu
tion to the expenses of government
whether general or local. If private
property be taken for military use it
shall be paid for when possible in cash a
a fair valuation, and when payment in
cash is not practicable receipt's are to
be given.
"All ports and places in the Philippine
Tslands in the actual possession of the
land and naval forces of the United States
will be opened to the commerce of al
friendly nations. All goods and wares no
prohibited for military reasons by due an
nouncement of the military authority will
be admitted upon payment of such duties
and other charges as shall be in force at
the time of their importation.
"Finally, it shall be the earnest and
paramount aim of the military adminis
tration to win the confidence, respect and
affection of the inhabitants of the Philip
pines by assuring them in every possible
way that full measure of individual rights
and liberty which are the heritage of a free
people, and by proving to them that the
mission of the United States is one o
benevolent assimilation, substituting th
mild sway of justice and right for arb
trary rule. In the fulfillment of this hig
mission, supporting the temperate admin
Istration of affairs for the greatest good o
the governed, there must be seriousl
maintained the strong- arm of authorlt
to repress disturbance and to overcom
all obstacles to the bestowal of the bless
ings of good government upon the peopi
of the Philippine Islands under the fre
flag of the United States.
"WILLIAM McKINLEY.
"Acknowledged receipt.
"H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General."
FILIPINOS THREATEN
AN OPEN RUPTURE
HONGKONG, Jan. s.— Leading repre
sentatives of the Filipino Junta in
Hongkong, in the course of an inter
view with the correspondent of the As
sociated Press, to-day declared that the
serious crisis in the Philippines is due
to what they designate as "overt, un
fair" treatment of the Filipinos by the
United States. They said that despite
the known fact that the whole of the
Visayas group was in possession of the
Filipino forces, General Otis was or
dered to take possession of the entire
archipelago and dispatched troops and
warships to the southern Visayas. The
Filipinos, according to the junta repre
sentatives, are determined to prevent
the landing of the Americans at lloilo
and may, as a last resort, destroy the
city for strategical purposes.
The junta insists that a rupture of
the friendly relations now existing be
tween the "Filipino national govern
ment" and the American executive is
imminent, and that hostilities are prob
able, unless what they characterize as
the "unreasonable, unfair and over
bearing policy of the Americans" is
modified. They say the Filipinos "would
deeply regret such a rupture, but would
accept it as inevitable."
In concluding the interview the
spokesman of the junta representa
tives said: "The Filipinos appeal to
the American people to uphold the
rights of mankind and to avoid blood
shed, assuring the Americans of our
desire to complete a friendly settlement
through an impartial committee of in
quiry. The Filipinos loyally supported
the Amercans against the common
enemy, and they now look to the
American nation to fulfill the promises
made to Aguinaldo at Singapore before
he proceeded to assist Admiral Dewey.
All the Filipinos ask is the truest and
best rights of mankind."
GUNBOAT HELENA ON
THE WAY TO MANILA
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett.
MESSINA, Italy, Jan. 6.— The United
States gunboat Helena passed here this
morning on her voyage to Manila.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
SECRETS SENT
IN WITH THE
PEACE TREATY
Information Given the Sen
ate Concerning the
Wily Filipinos.
Official Text of the Convention
Which the Representatives of
Spain and the United
States Signed,
"WASHINGTON. Jan. s.— The follow
ing is the President's message and the
letter of the Secretary of State, trans
mitting to the Senate the treaty of
peace concluded at Paris between the
United States and Spain:
EXECUTIVE MANSION,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4, 1599.
To the Senate of the United States: I
transmit herewith, with a view to its
ratification, a treaty of peace between the
United States and Spain, signed at the
city of Paris on December 10, 1898, to
gether wuh the protocols and papers indi
cated in the list accompanying the report
of the Secretary of State.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3. 1899.
To the President: The undersigned, Sec
retary of State, has the honor to lay be
fore the President, with a view to its
submission to the Senate, if deemed
proper, a treaty of peace concluded at
Paris on December 10, IS9B, between the
United States and Spain. Accompanying
the treaty are the protocols of the con
ferences of the Peace Commission at
Paris, together with copies of statements
made betore the United States Commis
sioners and other papers indicated In the
inclosed list. Respectfully submitted,
JOHN HAY.
Accompanying the message and the
Secretary's letter is the oiricial text of
the treaty, being: an exact copy of the
document brought to the United States
by the American Commissioners.
The full text of the treaty follows:
The United States of America and her
Majesty, the yueen Regent of Spain, in
the name of her august .son, Don Alfonso
XI II, desiring to end the state of war now
ting between the two countries, have
for thai purpose appointed as plenipoten
tiaries:
The President of the United States,
William R. Day, Cushman K. Davis, Wil
liam ir\ Frye, George Gray and Whitelaw
Reid, citizens of the United States.
And her Majesty, the Queen Regent of
Spain, Don Eugenio Montero Rios, Presi
dent of the Senate; Don .Buenaventura de
Abarzuza, Senator of the Kingdom and
ex-Minister of the Crown; Don Jose de
Uarnica, Deputy to the Cortes and As-
Bociate Justice of the Supreme Court;
Don Wenceslao Ramirez de. Villa-Urrutia,
. Extraordinary and Minister Pleni
tiary at Brussels, and Don Rafael
Correro, General of Division, who, hav
ing assembled in Paris and having ex
changed their full powers, which were
found to be in due and proper form, have
after discussion of the matters before
tnem agreed upon the following articles:
Article I— Spain relinquishes all claim
of sovereignty over and title to Cuba.
And as the island is, upon its evacuation
by Spain, to be occupied by the United
States, the United States will, so long as
such occupation "shall last," assume and
discharge the obligations that may under
international law result in the fact of its
occupation for the protection of life and
Article ll— Spain cedes to the United
States the Island of Porto Rico and other
islands now under Spanish sovereignty
in the West Indies, and the island of
Guam in the Marianas, or Ladrones.
Article lll— Spain cedes to the United
States the archipelago known as the l'hil
| lppine Islands, and comprehending the
I islands lying within the following line: A
line running from west to east along or
i near the twentieth parallel of north lati
| tude and through the middle of the navi
■ gable channel of Bachi, from the one
hundred and eighteenth (USth) to the one
hundred and twenty-seventh (127 th) de
i gree meridian of longitude east of Green
j wich, thence along the one hundred and
i twenty-seventh (127 th) degree meridian of
i longitude east of Greenwich to tne paral
lel of four degrees and forty-live minutes
(4:45) north latitude, thence along the par
■ allel of four degrees and forty-five min
utes (4:45) north latitude to its intersec
tion with the meridian of longitude one
■ hundred and nineteen degrees and thirty
| live minutes (119:35) east of Greenwich,
! thence along the meridian of longitude
one hundred and nineteen degrees and
j thirty-five minutes (119:35) east of Green-
J wich to the parallel of latitude seven de
grees and forty minutes (7:40) north,
thence along the parallel of latitude seven
degrees and forty minutes (7:40) north to
its intersection with the one hundred and
sixteenth (116 th) degree meridian of longi
tude east of Greenwich, thence by direct
line to the intersection of tne tenth (10th)
degree parallel of north latitude with the
I one hundred and eighteenth (118 th) degree
I meridian of longitude east of Greenwich,
and thence along the one hundred and
eighteenth (118 th) degree meridian of
longitude east of Greenwich to the point
of beginning. The United States will pay
to Spain the sum of twenty million dol
lars ($20,000,000) within three months after
the exchange of the ratification of the
present treaty.
Article IV— The United States will, for
the term of ten years from the date of
the exchange of the ratification of the
present treaty, admit Spanish ships and
merchandise to the ports of the Philippine
Islands on the same terms as ships and
merchandise of the United States.
Article V— The United States will, upon
the signature of the present treaty, send
back to Spain, at its own cost, the Spanish
soldiers 'taken as prisoners of war on the
capture of Manila by the American forces.
The arms of the soldiers in question shall
be restored to them. Spain will, upon the
exchange of the ratification of the pres
ent treaty, proceed to evacuate the Philip
pines, as well as the island of Guam, on
terms similar to those agreed upon by the
Commissioners appointed to arrange for
the evacuation of Porto Rico and other
islands in the West Indies under the pro
tocol of August 12, 1808, which is to con
tinue in force till its provisions are com
pletely executed. The time within which
the evacuation of the Philippine Island's
and Guam shall be completed shall be
fixed by the two Governments. Stands of
colors, uncaptured war vessels, small
arms, guns of all calibers, with their car
riages and accessories; powder, ammuni
tion, livestock and materials and supplies
of all kinds belonging to the land and
naval forces of Spain, in the Philippines
and Guam, remain the property of Spain.
Pieces of heavy ordnance, exclusive of
field artillery, in the fortifications and
coast defenses shall remain in their em
placements for the term of six months, to
be reckoned from the exchange of the rati
fications of the treaty, and the United
I States may in the meantime purchase
. such material from Spain if a satisfactory
! agreement between the two Governments
on the subject shall be reached.
Article Vl— Spain will, upon the signa
ture of the present treaty, release all
prisoners of war and all persons detained
or Imprisoned for political offenses in
connection with the insurrection in Cuba
and the Philippines and the war with the
United States. Reciprocally, the United
States will release all persons made pris
oners of war by the American forces, and
will undertake to obtain the release of all
Spanish prisoners In the hands of the in
surgents in Cuba and ihe Philippines.
The Government of the United States will,
at its own cost, return to Spain, and the
Government of Spain will, at its own cost,
return to the United States, Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines, according to the
situation of their respective homes, pris
oners released or caused to be released '
by them respectively under this article.
Article Vll— The limed States and i
Spain mutually relinquish all chums for!
indemnity, national or individual, of I
every kind of either government, or iis
Citizens or subjects against the other I
Government, that may have arisen since j
the beginning of the late insurrection in i
Cuba and prior to the exchange of rati
flcations ot the present treaty, including i
all claims for indemnity for the cost of !
the war. The United States will adjudi- |
cate and settle the claims of its citizens '
against Spain relinquished in this arti- I
cle.
Article VIII— In conformity with the
provisions of articles I, II ana 111 of this
treaty, Spain relinquishes in Cuba, and
cedes in Porto Rico and other islands in
the West Indies, in the island of Guam,
and in the Philippine archipelago, all
the buildings, wharves, barracks, forts,
structures, public highways and other im
movable property which, in conformity
with law, belong to the public domain,
and as such belong to the crown of Spain.
And it is hereby declared that the relin
quishment, or cession, as the case may
be, to which the preceding paragraph re
fers, cannot in any respect impair the
property or rights which by law belong
to the peaceful possession of property of
all kinds, of provinces, municipalities,
public or private establishments, ecclesi
astical or civic bodies, or any other asso
ciations having legal capacity to acquire
and possess property in the aforesaid ter- j
ritories renounced or ceded, or of private
individuals of whichever nationality
such individuals may be. The aforesaid
relinquishment or cession, as the case may
be, includes all documents exclusively re- |
ferring to the sovereignty relinquished or |
ceded that may exist in the archives of !
the peninsula. Where any document in [
such archives only In part relates to said t
sovereignty a copy of such part will be I
furnished whenever it shall be requested I
Like rules shall be reciprocally observed
in favor of Spain in respect to documents
in the archives of the island above re- i
ferred to. In the aforesaid relinquish- i
ment or cession, as the case may be are :
also included such rights as the crown |
of Spain and its authorities possess In '
respect to the official archives and rec- '
ords, executive as well as judicial in the
islands above referred to, which relate
to said islands or the rights and property ■
of their inhabitants. Such archives and i
records shall be carefully preserved, and!
private persons shall, without distinction. i
have the right to request, in accordance i
with law, authenticated copies of the con- I
tracts, wills and other instruments form- j
ing part of notarial protocols or files, or
which may be contained in the executive
or judicial archives, be the latter in Spain
or in the islands aforesaid.
Article IX— Spanish subjects, natives of
o h v e er SffISg?Ba^SSSaSSSSSSJS
relinquishes or cedes her sovereignty
may remain In such territory or may re
move therefrom, retaining in either event
all their rights of property, including the I
right to sell or dispose of such property I
or of its proceeds; and they shall also i
have the right to carry on their industry, !
commerce and professions, being subject !
in respect thereof to such laws as are ap
pucable to other foreigners. In case they
remain in the territory they may pre
serve their allegiance to the crown of
Spain by making before a court of record
within a year from the date of the ex
change of ratifications of this treaty a
declaration of their decision to preserve !
such allegiance; in default of which !
declaration they sliall be held to nave re
nounced it and to have adopted the -? a "
tionality of the territory in which they
may reside. The civil rights and political '•
status of the native inhabitants of the I
territories hereby ceded to the United
States shall be determined by the Con
gress ___.__. ,iU ,
Article X— The inhabitants of the terri
tories over which Spain relinquishes or
cedes her sovereignty shall be secured in
the free exercise of their religion.
Article Xl— The Spaniards residing in the I
territories over which Spain by this treaty |
cedes or relinquishes her sovereignty shall
be subject, in matters civil as well as I
criminal, to the jurisdiction of the courts j
of the country wherein they reside, pur
suant to the ordinary laws governing the
iisr %s_S_«L_r Jw&i
the same course as citizens of the country
to which the courts belong.
Article Xll— Judicial proceedings pend
ing at the time of the exchange of ratl- i
lications of this treaty in the Territories |
over which Spain relinquishes or cedes
her sovereignty shall be determined ac
cording to the follow rules
1. Judgments rendered either in civil
suits between private individuals or in
criminal matters, before the date men
tioned, and with respect to which there
is no recourse or right of review under i
the Spanish law, shall be deemed to be
final and shall be executed in due form
by competent authority. in the Territory
within which such judgment should be
carried out.
2. Civil suits between private Individ
uals which may on the date mentioned
be undetermined shall be prosecuted to
judgment before the court in which they
Slav ci m 1 ?ft n ln t?iPrPfnr the C ° Urt that
m 3 ay Cri e min^ m ictionspe r nd°lng on the date
mentioned by the Supreme Court of
Spain against citizens of the territory
which by this treaty ceases to be Span
ish shall continue under its jurisdiction
hay ng^be^Serod 1 ' the* exefuS
thereof shall be committed to ?he com"
petent authority of the place in which |
the cases arose.
Article XIII— rights of property !
secured by copyrights and patents
acquired by Spaniards in the Island of
Cuba, and in Porto Rico, the Philippines ■
and other ceded territories, at the time !
of the exchange of the ratifications of i
this treaty, shall continue to be respect
cd. Spanish scientific, literary and ar- i
tistlc works, not subversive of public or
der in the territories in question, shall i
continue to be admitted free of duty into
such territories for the period of ten
years, to be reckoned from the date of the ;
exchange of the ratifications of this j
treaty.
Article -Spain will have the power
to establish consular offices in the ports
and places of the territories the soy
ereignty over which has been either re
linquished or ceded by the present treaty
Article XV— Government of each
country will, for the term of ten years,
accord to the merchant vessels of the I
country the same treatment in respect of
all port charges, including entrance and
clearance dues, lightage dues and tonnage
duties as it accords to Its own merchant
vesels not engaged in the coastwise trade
This article may at any time be termi
nated on six months' notice given by
either Government to the other.
Article XVI— is understood that any
obligations assumed in this treaty by the
United States in respect to Cuba are lim
ited to the time of its occupancy thereof;
but it will, upon the termination of such
occupancy, advise any government estab
lished in the island to assume the obliga- j
tlons. _____ _ :
Arti e * X i^ th rP?fdp-S? t f r * c i, at> T- s }! aI J
S?ates by Sd'wlth^h.^U^^S
Bent of the Senate thereof, and by Her
Majesty, tba Queen Regent of Spain; and I
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
Theater Tickets /7 72/ f /?//* St/OO/ 1 "^ 1/ jf) CounUv Orders
(the best reserved ,// ■■inC,LJIO-\Ji\JHC.^D Jf ay a for advertised sail
seats) and Revenue "^^}&F7 ) 1 jf^ J?7 Jy V^S^rm/^y Jr/)^^ goods are filled in
Stamps for sale in S/tASff/iys/ijqSf^^Mrjfijf^rarJ— the order received
the Rotunda with- / F<*( * V^^^^ efVLrf^WS^^f as /on? as the. lots
out extra charge. {J EXTPAORD I NARYffVALUE~ GIVING?* last.
Does it pay to read advertisements? Read our daily announcements
during the January Clearing Sale and see. We cater to no particular . .
class, but welcome all, provide for all and save money for all.
The iearinQ Of Do not imagine that these ] The Greatest January Clearing with a
Cloaks and Suits. SLf^'U"^ Suit Sale. S anc \vLr "'m!? 8
bargains. Everything in this department is now a bargain. . siock. winter domes
Evirv Garment Has Been Reduced. Nothing spared. Come must go. No Carrying Over from season to Season
to-day. First choice is best. here. The spring season will be opened with new
j^Jv Assorted lot All- Wool Plaid Golf spring styles. Here's the way we shall make
• _f=sw Capes, like picture, made from whole ,i r vfV,; rin . hisrnrv
j*£\ ?r^l shawls; regular price $9.00, clearing I ° J
Asf\ V^/r price $6.95 Men's All- Wool Suits jT\
' * l\\>Kil. Great assortment of New Style Silk" $5*4-5* r>#Y
"^-^g^K Lined Jackets, all kinds of cloth all They are the identical suits jt/
/%WmW\ Jf°™ "V-rs tha - thav ? c« $ oK Iwe have" been selling at $7.50 /#v .^
>^^S^^ $12.50.513.50; clearing price $8.95 and $10 as bargains. Every AT \ <0t
/H^^^^^^^^k All- Wool All Silk Lined Black and j su it is all wool, well made, good / « \ \Jj
i^iLJ^^^fai^Fi Blue (mostly black) Cheviot Tailor fitting, good looking, and we / i b Vis3iCk
" V^^L^^ipifc^lsi^- Dresses » medium weight, fly-front guarantee the wearing qualities. /[9 1 » \^Q>*\
V^^MK^rV^^. jacket, plain skirt, both lined all Sizes from 34 to 42. Only 364 I f=^ 1 f\ \ f°J \
- >^ through with All- Silk 'Black Tiffttci* o f these suits— not enough to U ili mr f v)
was $25; clearing price $10*50 supply every man in town who __f^ *-L^z ;i v^ffX. L/
New All- Wool Waists, lined yoke, solid colors, all sizes; was wants a new suit— so be early. T^ \dl| '
$1.25, clearing price ... ..89c * A/ , mWoo , SultB \ .WW
Assorted lot of New Silk v\ aists, all colors and black, all kinds, | tf # Qn I \ I k II
all sizes; were $7.50, $8 and $9, clearing price $5.95 \ &liUUm . / I .^frf
New Fall Flannelette and Heavy Wrappers, dark colors, all . 4 For ages Bto 15 years. 145 I \ . /•
sizes, lined waists; were 90c, clearing price 68c suits only. Brand new goods. | W U
'  ' _. . ' _. j ™ . „.., . Every suit all wool. Pants have . I J r^TJos^
Assorted lot of Finest .New Silk and Woolen Skirts, some of donb]e seats an( Strongly iM "~ 1 \ IF^*
the latter silk lined; many skirts in this lot have been $15 most sewed taped seams . * The best -^JlJ^isk, *
of them have been $10, clearing price $5.75 kjndg of ring cloths in good &
All $3.50 and $4.00 Mackintoshes cut to $2.65 patterns and colors. The regu-
All $5.00 and $6.00 Mackintoshes cut to $3.95 lar prices are $3 and $3.50. Only 145 of them. Come early.
Th*» Clear istst in the A » c a ™ ts are <>' d * Men's Furnishings.
anc **M*S€MM Baa&g imm mMMvs pendable material( full Men's 50c Tecks, Clubs, Four-in-Hands and Puffs now 330
UniierntUSSin Deptm size and well made. Men's 25c Tecks, Four-in-Hands and Club Ties now 19c
$1.50 Muslin -clearing sale price 95c en ,' 3 1 11^ i " en j? c ™ sti^ ed Handkerchiefs „ ...ftp
65c Muslin Gowns-clearing sale price........... 48c J en , | f^ g^le-Neck Sweaters now 77c
$1 Muslin Gowns-clearing sale price. 69c \ en , 8 f}'^ Wool Underwear now 890
$10.75 Lace-Trimmed Skirts-clearing sale price $7.50 Men a $1.00 French Percale Shirts now 780
25c Ladies' Tucked Drawers 15c mm**
20c Corset Covers, embroidery trimmed We TiICSC SißpperS 78Cm
25c Corset Covers, wide V embroidery on neck, now ISO Flannel . Lined Slippers for /*^w
50c Infants' knit Cotton Skirts now 35c T ™*™*' , EH f,T /T^^^S!!-^&^
75c Children's Embroidered Cambric Slips sOg Ladies, made of good black felt, (^-^ 3^^_ i
40c Tennis Dresses, for ages 1, 2 and 3 years 29c leather soles, neat and comfortable, \^-. -<<^ '^a-v
75c Plaid Dresses, well lined, for ages 2to 6 years 39c clearing sale price....^ 78c \^^ *^- in«^
Eighteen and a half pounds agMBIBr* EBAI>AB^OE E&^ Five -Year - Old Kentucky
of the Best Granulated Big EWl«wlCHi Wet Bourbon
Cane Sugar for I|^ *^ ats%d 80 °
$1 P OoldenftuSc Bazaar. 1 full quart bottles
This Week q<*uforhia-s largest— jmericss grandest store , 77225 Week...
. „ . v nrTa * at
the ratifications shall be exchanged at
Washington within six months from the
date hereof, or earlier if possible.
In faith which hereof we «"» re
spective plenipotentiaries, ha\e signed
this treaty and have hereunto affixed our
seals. , inth ,
Done in duplicate at Paris the lOtn aa>
of December, in the year of our Lord,
one thousand eight hundred and ninety
eight. Tt . TTTTAArT , AY
(Seal) WILLIAM R, DAY,
(Seal) CUSHMAN K. DAVIS,
(Seal) WILLIAM P. nit,
(Seal) GEORGE GRA\ ,
(Seal) WHITELAW REID,
(Seal) EUGENIO MONTERO RIOS,
(Seal) B. DE ABARLZA,
(Seal) J. DE GARMCA
(Seal) W. R. DE VILLA-URRUTIA,
(Seal) RAFAEL CERRERO.
Accompanying the treaty is a great
mass o f correspondence, making a
S^ °? ™w**™« the
eludes among other things all of the
credentials of the American Commis
sioners to Paris and the protocols,
which are the records of the daily pro
ceedings of the Commissioners that
iBO Ti, r , t n th» fiml treaty of Deace em
a,d Ul ' t0 the ' ina ,\ tr Q e ,, £, 2 nrnnnsi
bodying necessarily all of the proposi
tions and counter-propositions of the
past printed in both languages, Eng
ii s h and Spanish. From an inspection
of these it appears that the press re
„*,.>„ f rn m Paris durintr the nroceed-
P olts *, rom i „ m ? u ln 5 5O ? tS nnt
ings of the commission set these out
with a remarkable degree of accuracy,
considering the secrecy which was sup
posed to overhang the proceedings,
There is also included all the corre
.^'^pp th»t T»n«f>ri between the
ond £ nc ® nat passed OT1 D f iff Qtlt!
French Embassy here and the State
Department which led up to the slg
nature of the protocol, but the inter
esting feature, namely, the effort of the
Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs, to
.;,y>Hrs ] w the. «nvwpi?ntv of the PhiliD
. r i™ , h ° nnS haT already
P ines fr ° m v , t^ e QU £R o ?, f haS already
been published unofficially,
Included in this correspondence is a
letter from M. Thiebaut, the French
Charge, protesting against the continu
ance of the operations of the insur
gents i n the Philippines, which he as
e,,mp(i wa<* with the knowledge and
ss& s«_ HHSSIs
and suggesting that the Spanish troops
captured at Manila be allowed to fight
the Filipinos. To this Mr. Moore re
plied on September 5 that upon investi
gation he had found that most of the
statements were groundless. There
was a sort of suggestion from the first
charge to the effect that the families uf
.irlnnrish nffinor? who were cantured
the Spanish officers,, w no were captured
at Guam, were suffering.
There is Included all of the corre
spondence that passed between the De
pa rtment of State and the United
a tQ t aa r*nn«iil<s at Manila Hone-kone
Sta , *. ~ n "nrl .Ijht „' th pmiit.
and Singapore, relative to the PhiliD
pines. Consul Williams, at Manila, be
fore the actual outbreak of war, re
ported a series of most horrible out
rages by the Spaniards upon the Fill
pinos. He 'declared that 5 per cent of
the latter are loyal to Spain. He com-
Plain- of being surrounded by spies
everywhere, saying that even in his
consular office he is not safe from
them.
Consul Wildman, at Hongkong, on
November 3, telegraphed that General
Agoncillo was coming to Washington,
He said: "He has power to make treat
ies with foreign governments and has
proposed an offensive and defensive al
i iance with the United States." Agon
"m,"^ i,^j f,->»- arm* m aid thp rehpl
cill ° asked for , arms to ald the rebel
lion. -_,-, -^ i,
Acting Secretary Cndler. December
15 replied, telling Wildman to advise
Afroncillo that the United State does
„*! gotiate treaties and it is not
not "f s ? tiate ? _*„ Vl rtinnlri
possible to forward arms. You should
not encourage any tendency on the part
of Agoncillo to communicate with the
department." •
v long i ter dated July 18, from Con
su wildman, defends Agoncillo as a
' who his been systematical^-
, man , o^ h»^° iZS tofS
blackened. Says he. According ;to his
own statement, he has been approached
by Spain and Germany and has tempt
ing offers from the Catholic church."
April 28 Consul Pratt telegraphed
f rom Singapore: "Aguinaldo has gone
by m y instance to Hongkong to ar
.Dy "°,,. JV; n . .. v for co-ODeratlon
range Tilth De\\ e > toi co operation
with insurgents at Manila.
June 20 Secretary Day telegraphed
Pratt, among other things: "Avoid
an y negotiations with Philippine insur
ffe nts "
-Pr^tt rpnlied that he had no Inten-
H^f^f npSltlatlne ' Says he "f eft
tion of negotiating. Bays he. Left
that to Dewey, who desires Aguinaldo
to come."
Secretary Day again admonished
Pratt to be cautious to create no im-
pression that might embarrass the Gov
ernment and lead to misunderstanding
on its future action.
July. 2 Pratt reports to the depart-
ment that the Sultan of the Sulu Is- I
lands was negotiating at Singapore for ]
the annexation of his group tr> British ;
Borneo, which he said should be
watched.
All of the statements made by Gen
eral Merrltt before the American Com
mission at Paris appear in the docu
ment. In substance he said the insurg
ents would fight if the attempt was
made to surrender Luzon to Spain.
Spain could not preserve the islands un
aided. Asked whether the insurgents
were capable of government, he replied
that it would take time; they would
have to be educated up to it. Senator
Frye asked if the natives would enlist
under the American flag and if Agui
naldo could be given a command. He
replied in the affirmative to both ques
tions. Further, he said that Major
Bell's report showed that the insurgents
had 39,500 stands of arms. Aguinaldo
had $300,000 in bank in Hongkong and
$220,000 in public funds in Bacoor. Ma
jor Bell expressed the opinion that if
the United States should govern the
islands for a year Aguinaldo would
have no army left.
General Greene's estimate is also pro
duced. He said there were 13,000 Span
ish prisoners in the Philippines, includ
ing 400 officers, with 22,000 arms and
22,000,000 rounds of ammunition. He
described Aguinaldo's character and
said much tact would be required in
dealing with him. In his opinion that
chieftain did not command the sup
port of a large body of Filipinos.
Then it must be remembered that the
insurgents were all Tagallos, only one
of thirty races in the Philippines. At
the time he spoke none of the two
million Visayas, a people of equal abili
ties, had taken any part. He was asked
what chance there would be for native
government, to which he replied: "No
native government can maintain itself
without the active support of a strong
foreign government. It is difficult to
see how any foreign government can
give this protection without taking such
an active part in the management of
| affairs as is practically equivalent to
I its own name."
There is a vast amount of other mat
ter included in the papers, extracts
from newspapers, long special report
on the mineral and other resources oi
the islands, historical treaties, statisti
cal statements of the values of imports
and exports and in fact they comprise
an encyclopedia of the Philippines.
GENERAL MILLER TOLD
TO OCCUPY ILOILO
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— A special to the
World from Washington says: "Gen
eral Miller has received instructions to
land his expedition and occupy Iloilo."
This statement was made to the
World correspondent to-night on high
authority and was confirmed by two
Cabinet officers. It was not the inten
tion of the President to begin the cx
i tension of military jurisdiction in the
Philippines until after the arrival of
the six regiments of regulars, prepara
tions for the sending of which are now
I being made, but the insurgents forced
; the issue by occupying Ilcrilo. Secretary
Alger to-night, in answer to a question
as to whether or not instructions had
| been sent to General Miller to effect a
i landing, said: "The rebels can fight or
1 run."
KILLING OF NATIVES A
FEATURE OF EXPANSION
PRINCETON, N. J., Jan. 5. — Ex-
President Cleveland, in reply to the re
quest of a representative of the Asso
ciated Press for an expression on the
question of expansion, said:
I do not care to repeat my views con
cerning the prevailing epidemic of impe
rialism and territorial expansion. As
suming, however, that my ideas on the
subject are antiquated and unsuited to
these progressive days it is a matter of
surprise to see that the refusal of ceraln
natives of our new possessions to acqui
esce in the beneficence of subjecting them
selves to our control and management
should in the least disturb our expansion
ists. This phase of the situation ought
not to have been unanticipated, nor the
incident naturally growing out of it over
looked. The remedy is obvious and sim
ple. The misguided inhabitants of our
new territory who prefer something dif
ferent from the plan for their control
which we proposed or oppose our designs
In their behalf should be slaughtered. The
killing of natives has been a. feature of
expansion since expansion began, and our
imperialistic enthusiasm should hot be
checked by the prospective necessity of
destroying a few hundred thousand Fili
pinos. This should only be regarded as
one stage in a transcendentally great
movement, a mere incident in its progress.
Of course, some unprepared souls would
then be lost before we had the opportu
nity of christianizing them, but surely
those of our clergymen who have done so
much to encourage expansion could man
age that difficulty.
NOT GOVERNOR OF GUAM.
Orders Appointing Captain Louis
Kempff Are Rescinded.
VALLEJO, Jan. s.— Captain Louis
Kempff, commanding the receiving ship
Independence, received a telegram yes
terday informing him that orders assign
ing him to duty as Naval Governor of
Guam, in the Ladrone Islands, had been
revoked and that he will continue for the
present at his present duty.
A draft of ninety-three " men from the
East reached the Independence this after
noon, coming to Mare Island from Port
Costa on the navy yard tug. They will
be sent to Manila to fill vacancies in Ad
miral Dewey's fleet.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Perkins Makes a Hit in His
Speech at Boston in Opposition
to Expansion.
WASHINGTON.. Jan. s.— Senator Per
kins returned to-day from Boston, where
he addressed the Boston Merchants'
Association Tuesday night in opposition
to the permanent retention of the Philip
pines. He speaks enthusiastically of his
reception. His speech was well received
and made a great hit. Congressman Bou
telle of Maine, who was also one of the
speakers of the occasion, pronounced
Senator Perkins' arguments unanswer
able. Notwithstanding the Senator's out
spoken personal opposition to expansion
he will vote for the ratification of the
peace treaty under instructions from the
California legislature.
Senator White to-day secured the
passage of the bill granting the State of
California 5 per cent of the net proceeds
of cash sales of puouc lands in that
State.
By direction of tne Secretary of War
Captain David C- Shanks, Eighteenth
United States Infantry, will proceed to
New York City and join the Seventeenth
United States Infantry for duty with that
regiment until it arrives at the Philip
pine Islands ana then join his own regi
ment.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: ori-'r.nl— Adam C. Bloomer,
Los Angeles, $8; Robert P. Dewey, San
Francisco. $6.
Washington: Original— Daniel Cooper,
Tacoma. $6.
YOLO FARMERS' INSTITUTE.
Agricultural Topics Discussed by
University Scientists.
WOODLAND, Jan. The Farmers' In
stitute opened here this morning, with
: Professors Woodworth and Fowler, of the
I State University, as Instructors and lec
| turers. The opera house was very hand
somely decorated. Mr. Diggs presided.
I After an invocation and musical pro
l gramme N. A. Hawkins delivered an elo
; quent address of welcome.
Professor Woodworth lectured on "The
I County Bug Man." H. B. Pendegast read
an interesting paper on "Industrial Edu
cation, and What Shall We Do About It";
; Professor D. T. Fowler discussed "Wheat
| Culture; Our Rivals in Wheat Produc
! tion." ~ :„ - ;> :
At the afternoon session Professor
1 Woodworth lectured on "A Neglected In
-1 secticide." Professor Fowler discussed
I "Butter Making in Hot Valleys." A. W.
Morris read a paper on "The Value or
Creameries." The afternoon session
i closed with an address by Professor Fow
ler on "Practice vs. Theory on the Farm.
The Institute will close on Friday even
ing. . . -
FRED. W. SHARON
JAILED AT PHOENIX
Grand Nephew of the Late Senator
Accused of Having Passed
Counterfeit Money.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. s.— Fred W. Sha
ron, grandnephew of the late Senator
Sharon of Nevada, is in Jail here, charged
with having passed counterfeit money.
He was arrested and committed two
weeks ago under the name of Fred Shaw.
He disclosed his identity to-day to a for
mer acquaintance, and application was
made for a writ of habeas corpus, which
will be heard next Saturday. He was
held on insufficient grounds, for it was
not shown at the examination that Sha
ron knew the money was bad. Sharon
is well known in Phoenix.
56
FR 1 1 )A V JANUARY 6, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts-, S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steventon Street
Telephone Slain 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAYI Is
'.'. served by carriers In tfyls city and surrounding tov/ns
• for 15 cents a week. By rnal! $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 pafees ..One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfis House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 62! McAllister street, open ur)tll 9:30
■o'clock- 615 Larßln street, open urjtll 9:30 otlocl^
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2518
: Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
<■••:'• street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
„..;'. '." until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
: Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS
.. Columbia— "llia Man From Mexico."
California— Minstrel Jubilee.
Alcazar— "A Midnight Bell."
Tlvwl: — "The JelloW Dwarf."
. Mc.rosco'B— Hi Henry Stlnitrfllß.
Orph-eum — Vaudeville.
Comedy — "'All Aboard."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
.ympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
•: • Poopfer Medical College— Lane Lectures.
Metropolitan Temple— Hosenthal Piano Recital to-morrow
; afternoon.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
.'•■ Oakland Race Track— Races.
(\ DELECTABLE GOVERNOR.
WE unhesitatingly .hazard the assertion that the
history of California furnishes no parallel for
the condition which exists at the present time
in the executive chamber of the State Capitol. In
.more senses than one that condition may be said to
be entirely devoid of theory of any kind.
; Not only has Governor Gage allied himself with
the Senatorial ambition of a degraded political boss,
Whose reputation smells to high heaven, but he is
aly doing the dirty work of all that individual's
friends. Every ounce of the political strength with
•which the law invests him is being utilized to pro
imitc the prospects of Dan Burns. All the power of
. ithe legislative arm of the government was
exerted to force the gubernatorial inauguration two
!•!■ three days ahead of time in order that Burns'
. gambling partner should not be dispossessed of his
office 01 Police Commissioner in this city.
It ought to be unnecessary to explain to intelligent
people hi w this has been done. The patronage of the
State, the executive veto and the favor of the boss
have been exerted to produce a hurried installation of
the Governor. Nor need we surmise what it all
.means. It means that Burns is boss and that Gage
desires the world to know that he is his creature.
.'pur history will be searched in vain for a similar
[evidence of gubernatorial subjugation. Mr. Gage has
s'roclaimed all along that he was independent and
aid himself be Governor. His course proves that
:t.]ns was mere talk. He has so far been the tool and
..creature of Dan Burns. He has said plainly that he
will assist that unsavory individual to become Senator,
;nnd if he succeeds in conferring the toga upon him
doubt he will enjoy the fruits of the "victory."
There is. however, one element with which Mr.
Gage in his groveling subjection to Burns has not
reckoned. The people are regarding him with curious
eyes. Their judgment is already partly made up. If
he shall continue to be what his course so far fore
shadows — the abject tool of the corrupt and debased
buss — a high pinnacle of infamy awaits him in the
history of California. Playing such a role he will go
down to posterity as the first Governor whose soul
was bartered for the office — the first who earned the
title of lackey, tool, falsifier and rogue.
. THE STfITE MILITIA SERVICE.
' IZJ NCOURAGED by the results attained by the
National Harbor Defense Convention held at
— J . Tampa in 1896, Governor Bloxham of Florida
lias issued an invitation requesting the Governors of
the various States to appoint delegates to another
convention to assemble at Tampa February 8 to dis
cuss ways and means for a thorough reorganization
af the State militia service.
A circular letter accompanying the invitation states
that the object of the convention will be to discuss
,-tnd suggest methods for placing State troops on the
most effective footing. Questions relating to arms,
equipment, tactics, clothing, food and transportation
are to be discussed by experts, and it is announced
that special attention will be given to the subject of
camp sites, sanitation and all precautionary measures
modern science can suggest to insure the comfort and
health of troops.
There can be no question as to the desirability of
a careful and thorough consideration of these sub-
. jeets. The outbreak of the recent war with Spain dis
closed the fact that only three or four States had a
National Guard sufficiently drilled and equipped to
constitute an effective force. It is gratifying to know
that California was one of the few whose troops were
ready for action when the call came, and yet even in
this State much may be done in the way of improving
the service.
The best that can be expected of the proposed con
vention is the adoption of some plan that will unite
fhe National Guard of all the States into something
like a consistent military force. Undoubtedly pro
posals to that end will be made, and possibly Con
gress will be asked to lend its aid to carry out what
ever plan is adopted. It would be well, therefore, to
have California represented at the convention in
order that the lessons learned by the experience of
our National Guard may be duly considered by the
delegates from the other States in making up their
conclusion as to what is best to be done in the pro
posed reorganization.
Fault has been found with the "assumption" by
Americans that Cubans are an inferior people. In
fact, there is no assumption about it, but the Cubans
may improve with time and specific instructions.
There seems to be a prospect that some of the vol
unteers in Manila will get that homesick feeling
knocked out of them by a sterner duty than policing
camp and fighting the Philippine mosquito.
Burns says that he will not spend money to buy
votes. T"o people acquainted with Dan this declara
tion is evidence enough that he will.
While the Cubans are shouting for independence
they are actively demonstrating their unfitness for it.
FINANCIAL REFORM.
CONFLICTING statements come from Wash
ington concerning the sentiment of party lead
ers as to a currency session of Congress.
One statement is that the politicians regard the
financial issue as no linger necessary to Republican
success. They feel xhat the party has been so
strengthened by the Spanish war and the questions
which issue from it that it can rely on these for suc
cess far into the future, as it was helped through five
I 'residential campaigns by the issues made in the
Civil War. This being true, they say that to take
up financial reform now with a view to making simple
cur complex legislation and straightening that which
is crooked would in effect be making a new issue
that may displace those so highly prized as coming
from the war.
Of course, this is simply the politicians' view of it.
That class of necessity treat issues as the means of
carrying elections and redeem promises or not as it
may affect future campaigns. They are opportunists
who weigh the votes to be won by keeping faith
against those to be had by breaking it, and parties in
their hands and leadership lack that continuity of
policy through which principles are established and
the public good becomes permanent.
It is with some modesty that we suggest that the
war issues had less to do with Republican success in
the war year than these politicians think. In New
York the nomination of Colonel Roosevelt brought
the thrill and enthusiasm of the war into the cam
paign. He had been a picturesque figure in battle,
had shown the personal courage of a Paladin, the
gallantry of a Templar. Yet his majority but little
exceeded 17,000, and his party lost heavily in the
House and barely gained the power to get Murphy's
seat in the Senate.
As the political battle field stretched westward the
issue changed and the party majority increased. When
it reached the Pacific Coast this was very marked.
In California the Fusionist and Republican platforms
both indorsed the war and favored colonial expansion,
so there was no issue here on those points. The
division between the parties was on the financial pol
icy of the Government. The Republican position
attracted the alliance of the sound money Democrats
as in 1896, and they by an official proclamation of
their State committee entered the campaign in sup
port of Republican candidates for Congress and for
the Legislature, as well as for the State ticket.
In 1896 California cast 296.503 votes for six candi
dates for the Presidency, of which McKinley received
146,170, leaving him in a minority of 3163, though his
plurality over Bryan was 2837.
It is clear, then, that to whatever issues moved the
minds of voters here we owe the transfer of this Re
publican minority of 3163 into a majority of nearly
20.000. The vote cast for Palmer for President in
1896 in 1898 joined the body of sound money Demo
cratic votes and went for the Republican ticket. Also
thousands of sound money Democrats who supported
Bryan on the ground of party regularity recognized
that bond no longer and joined their brethren who
rejected it in 1896. These causes, rooted in the finan
cial issue alone, transformed a Republican minority
into a Republican majority in California.
What happened here occurred in Nebraska, in Ore
gon and in the Middle West.
We are convinced that politicians make a mistake
when they advise the desertion of the financial issue
entirely, or defer fulfillment of the party pledge to
1004. The only course for a great party is to keep its
promise as soon as the people give it the power. The
Republican minority in the present Senate made the
party powerless to redeem its sound money pledge of
1896. The people, aware of this, have removed the
barrier. They have made possible a good working
Republican majority in the Senate and have saved
the party by a narrow margin in the House. They ex
pect pledges to be redeemed. If they are disappointed
the labors of 1896 were as nothing to those required
in 1900 to win the Presidency.
The country is not to be diverted from this issue.
The people will not consider pledges or new issues
in discharge of accrued obligations. If the Republi
can party confess its inability to settle the financial
issue, to pass laws to bring that question to the angle
of repose, it will disappoint the strong conservative
sentiment of the country and will suffer for it.
TELEPHONE LEGISLATION.
THE abuses of telephone administration in this
city, in both the local and Sunset offices, have
been set forth in detail. Instead of guarding
the privacy and protecting the ownership of messages
by telephone, there is no privacy and no ownership.
Newspapers may pay heavily for service over the
Sunset to secure exclusive news, but it is plugged on
to the wire of a rival paper that pays nothing for it,
except perhaps "fair treatment" of the telephone cor
poration and the cost of occasional suppers for the
unfaithful operators whom it seduces from their duty.
If the law is faulty and lacks provisions for protect
ing telephone patrons, it should be extended to cover
their case.
The Sunset should be forbidden by law to keep a
verbatim record of conversations between its patrons.
It has no right to make such record, none to file it
away. It is paid for use of its wires and phones by
the time used, not by the number of words trans
mitted. Therefore this record of conversations is not
for its benefit, does it no good, is not necessary in
checking its operators or keeping its accounts. The
existence of such a record serves no good purpose
for customer or corporation. Its only possible use
must be for sinister and improper purposes. The
telephone is not established to put its owners or
operators in possession of the personal and domestic
privacies and the political, amatory or business secrets
and confidences of its patrons. It is simply to serve
those who pay for it. One message wears out wires,
exhausts batteries or lowers tension no more than
any other message. Conversations by telephone con
cern only those who hold them. No other party has
a right to hear, and any decent person would not do
so even by accident or induction.
Xo excuse can be given nor apology for these
telephone abuses, and the fact of their existence calls
for remedy. Let it be forbidden to make a record of
conversations between the patrons of a telephone by
the corporation, and let it be made a felony to plug a
wire on to another wire to transmit conversation to
an eavesdroper. Let the penalty attach to % the com
pany, to the operator and to the receiver.
It will be complained by the telephone corporation
that such legislation will be a cinch. But this is not
so. It proposes no interference with rates, and does
nothing only gives the users of the telephone what
they pay for — security and privacy in using its wires.
Perhaps the gentlemen who decline to state whether
or not they will vote for Burns for Senator are merely
waiting to ascertain whether the gentleman is worthy.
The raiment of spotless purity in which the friends
of Dan Burns are clothing him fits fully as well as a
toga would.
The presence of Mose Gunst at the capital did not
create a furor. It merely created a stench.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6 V 1899.
BACKED BY THE EXAMINER.
THOSE who can read between and under the
lines can easily perceive that the Examiner is
deliberately aiding the candidacy of Dan Burns
or the man behind him. In the political campaigns of
1896 and 1898 that paper was most unmercifully
flogged by the voters of the State. Its eccentrical
editorials, its black lines, its magnified letters, with
I all its flaring headings and its artistic and unartistic
; illustrations and cartoons, accomplished nothing. It
was beaten out of sight and the fact demonstrated
that, whatever its circulation among those elements of
I population that feed on sensations, it was destitute of
I real influence. Scandalous personalities and carica
j tores may amuse thoughtless or vicious people, but
they only disgust the body of citizens who determine
the result of elections.
With inordinate and ridiculous pretensions, paraded
with the cheap gaudiness of a pawnbroker's window,
the Examiner represents nothing but itself. Its
treacheries to the Democracy have been so numerous
that it has long been repudiated by the best men in
that party. For them, for the Republicans or for the
mass of solid and reputable citizens, without distinc
tion of party, it has furnished only the hide-bound
emptiness of a drum. It has scolded, bullied, insulted
and ridiculed without stint the men who have built
up the State. It has puffed professional charlatans
with the success of an emetic. It has brayed like a
Pharisaical ass and kicked like a government mule,
and has dreamt that its noise was the voice of a
leader and its senseless contortions exhibitions of
suppleness and strength.
There *is only a step from the sublime to the
ridiculous. This exponent of a "national policy" dur
ing the campaign of 1898 lived on a false charge that
the railroad controlled the Republican party. It beat
tom-toms until the whistles of declining day were al
most silenced. It filled the air at night with the
sulphurous flames of cheap fireworks. Amidst uni
versal laughter and derision it shrieked till its throat
became dry and cracked, and swallowed wind till it
resembled an inflated but collapsing balloon.
When the election was over it was hoped and al
most believed that it was dead, and, from pure sym
pathy, there was an inclination to give it at least the
tribute of a Chinese funeral. But from some hidden
source it was resuscitated into a feeble life, and now
it is officiating as the trained nurse of Dan Burns.
What are the wages of its ministrations in this pe
culiar case of political leprosy may be conjectured,
but cannot be distinctly proved. All that can be seen
is that it is bandaging his sores, rubbing his back and
administering black draughts, irregularly prescribed
by an unseen physician. The impression that this
treatment produces upon the legislative spectators in
due time will be determined. If it leads to Republican
obsequies in 1900 then, for once at least, this grinning
specter from the tomb of November will prove the
truth of resurrection and emerge from the cesspool of
disgrace with the laurel wreath upon its battered head.
SMOOTH PAVEMENTS.
I""*HE last persons from whom the public antici
pated opposition to bituminous rock pavements
were the firemen. Up to date the belief has been
general that of all men in the city who are interested
in having smooth streets, the members of the Fire
Department were foremost. It has been thought that
if the city was entirely paved with asphalt several
thousands of dollars a year would be saved in fire ap
paratus now rattled to pieces over basalt blocks.
But it appears that all this has been a mistake.
Bituminous rock is too smooth for the firemen, and
they are now asking the Board of Supervisors not
only to lay a strip of basalt through the center of all
blocks hereafter paved with that material, but to tear
up those already laid and remodel them. This, the
firemen say, is necessary to enable them to get to
fires. The weather sometimes makes smoothly paved
blocks impassable for the engines. The horses slip
and fall and the machines go in all directions.
We remember that when Mayor Phelan began
agitating for the repavement of Market street a great
deal of public sentiment was created in his favor by
the refusal of the Cable Railroad Company to pave
vvith bitumen between its tracks. An interesting
point of law was raised in connection with the sub-
ject. Mayor Phelan claimed that the company was
obliged to repave whenever ordered by the Super
visors. The company claimed that once having put
the street in order it could not be compelled to re
pave until the material had worn out.
The upshot of the matter was that Mayor Phelan
proceeded with Market street and left the cable com
pany to its basalt blocks. Now it appears that this
was exactly what the firemen desired. Market street
has through the center a strip of basalt over which the
fire-horses can travel without losing their feet. If
Mayor Phelan had succeeded in making the cable
company repave the firemen would now be demand
ing the replacement of the basalt blocks.
Exactly how this controversy is going to terminate
can scarcely be foretold. But if the Fire Department
desire a strip of basalt laid in any bituminized block
probably they will eventually get it. The people can
not afford to have fire-horses scrambling upon the
pavements when their property is being destroyed by
fire. But it is a curious state of affairs when all our
literature concerning smooth pavements is to be up
set in this manner. The event shows that human judg
ment in some affairs is far from infallible.
A judicial decision declares that the Western Union
need not pay a revenue tax, but many judicial deci
sions have set forth that the Wells-Fargo Express
Company must pay such. Nevertheless, one corpor
ation is paying as fast and as willingly as the other,
which means that neither is letting go a cent. It
seems almost queer.
Touts of Burns are surprising their faces with con
tributions of such viands as do not appear on the bill
of fare at their customary Barbary Coast restaurants.
It seems to be the Burns idea that a country member
full and dyspeptic is peculiarly subject to the blandish
ments of patriotism.
The Examiner is in much distress at the prospect
that Democratic legislators may have the wisdom to
.'lid the Republicans in electing a good man for Sen
ator. The Examiner always shies at any evidence of
respectability.
A watchman was arrested the other night for watch
ing the property he was hired to protect. What did
the police expect him to do, anyhow? There are
watchmen who watch.
Ex-Governor Budd may be ill, but it is easy to
imagine him singing that good old song in which is
the refrain, "And the Burden of My Heart Rolled
Away."
There will be no occasion to pay excess baggage
on the Knight boom when the proprietor starts for
home.
If there is any object in ascertaining who blew up
the Maine Chief Lees can be addressed at the City
Hall.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE.
There is a deficit of 350,000 tons in the German beet sugar crop for last
year and old stocks of sugar in Europe are low. The beet sugar busi
ness of California should be good this year.
The Fresno Game Protection Society has sent for another lot of Mon
golian pheasants, to turn loose in the Kings River bottoms. These are very
fine game birds, and by legal protection against hunters in Oregon have in
creased until they are very numerous. The cock is a beautiful bird, with
splendid plumage. They are the finest flavored fowls known, excelling on
the table our grouse, quail or prairie chicken. California is well adapted
to them and they should be tried in different parts of the State. The
Fresno Society has also sent to lowa for prairie chickens and the bob
white quail. The State fosters the introduction of new varieties of food
fish, and in that way we have acquired the shad and striped bass. There
is no reason why as much attention should not be paid to stocking the
State with game birds.
The general rain of New Year's day broke the long drought and put a
brighter face on things in the rural districts. It did not itself assure a crop,
but proved that raining is not a lost art in California. The great snow
fall in the mountains was more significant than the rainfall in the valleys.
It means plenty of water for irrigation and mining. It will nil up the
mountain reservoirs which have bet.-n heavily drawn upon. On the whole
the outlook is excellent for a great year.
The rural interests of this State should make themselves felt before the
present Legislature in securing a law to prevent forest fires, and detect
and punish those who are responsible for them. The glory of our moun
tains is passing away in the destruction of the forests on their Hanks, and
if the process is not stopped the beauty of the State will be tarnished and
its prosperity checked. This matter should be taken up in every Farmers'
Institute that is held this winter and should be kept before the Legisla
ture until it is acted upon. This matter is quite as important as any that
can occupy the attention of the Legislature.
The railroads of Florida have a system of signals by which they warn
the people of approaching changes in the weather. The frost signal used
in the citrus region is six long blasts on the engine whistle, thirty seconds
to each blast, repeated every three miles. Our California roads could do
something in the same line with credit to themselves and profit to ranchers.
A frost signal when trees and vines are in bloom and a rain signal when
fruit is drying on the trays would help our very efficient signal service,
which is limited in the number of its stations.
STATE NOTES.
The County Infirmary of Butte County has ample grounds which were
long unutilized. They were finally set out in orange trees. In 1896 the first
crop sold for $41 50. In 1897 it brought $171 and in IS9S SSSO. The trees that
bore these crops were first put out for ornament and shade, but when they
began to bear several acres were added to the orchard and the crop, when
the trees are in full bearing, will bring several thousand dollars, and the
Oroville Mercury says will pay all the cost of the County Infirmary. Her*
is a hint for other counties in our Icng and wide orange belt.
The orange growers of Oroville took in $150,000 for their crop.
At the Florin Farmers' Institute, Senator Doty said the greatest trouble
with the fruit growers is in packing fruit so as to deceive the purchaser.
Commercial honesty pays. In the same meeting irrigation by pumping was
discussed and Mr. Rutter said that in the drought of 1864 he borrowed $800
at 2 per cent a month to put in a pumping plant to irrigate his peach orch
ard, and his fruit was so fine that he paid the debt and made $800 profit.
The Sotoyome Sun strongly advises that Sonoma County fruit be identi
fied with Sonoma County by proper labeling of the green, dry and canned
product. It also intimates that the best Sonoma prunes are sold as Santa
Clara fruit. If this be so it proves the value of a reputation. The prune
growers of Santa Clara Valley from the first identified their fruit with th<nr
county and have kept up its reputation by commercial honor.
The Spreckels beet sugar factory at Salinas is completed at a cost of
$2,500,000. During its running season it will consume every day $12,000
worth of beets and pay .SSOOO in wages, making a distribution of $17,000 daily.
To run it will require the beets from 30,000 acres, and there are 90,000 acres
of beet land in Salinas Valley.
The fruit cannery at Hanford was started last year. The drought
shortened the fruit crop, but the pack was 42,000 cases, and $27,635 was
paid out for fruit and $1H,485 as wages. As many as 558 people were em
ployed and the run was fifty-s.c days. The women employed averaged $1 25
and the men $2 50 per day. It is expected that this new cannery will handle
2500 tons and have a run of one hundred days this year.
In the last week of December Riverside shipped forty-two carloads of
oranges. The total shipment from that point of the present crop is 130,537
boxes, or 388 carloads.
The total orange shipment of Butte County is 275 carloads.
The citrus fruit shipment from Ontario for the season 1897-98 was 844
carload? oranges and 239 of lemons, making it the third citrus shipping point
in the State.
Necessity is the mother of invention. Mr. Clark, a Fairview rancher,
beinp out of hay gathered several tons of dry tumbleweeds and offered them
to his cattle. The stock not only ate them but fattened on them.
SPAIN'S TREATMENT OF WEAKER POWERS.
The communication published below
was written recently by Frederic Hail.
who died a few days ago. Mr. Hall
was formerly the legal adviser of Max
imilian in Mexico.
' The work of the Peace Commissioners
at Paris has been concluded, though not
without numerous protests ami bitter feel
ings on the part of Spain. It will not j
be uninteresting to review briefly the j
character, the demands and the bearing j
of Spain in general, and particularly :
her transactions with powers of lesser
physical ability.
She has not foreotten, and never wijl,
her former glory, her grandeur, her
wealth, and her vast domains. Her splen
dor, regal pomp, power and iuliuence, cre
ated and fostered in her boundless priile,
haughtiness and dictatorial bearing. Her
courts, arrayed in glittering splendor,
were looked upon, as she imagined, with
great wonder by other powers. The Span
ish grandees who could wear their hats
in the presence of the King were consid
ered far superior to any English or re
publican gentleman. No soldier of Eu
rope over related with more pride his dar
ing deeds than did the Spanish knight his
tale of Spanish bravery.
The gorgeous splendors of other Euro
pean courts wore fancied by Spain to be
in borrowed light, reflected from the sun
of her own glory. She has looked down
with contempt upon every power she be
lieved to be her inferior, and when ques
tions have arisen between them and her
self she assumed an overbearing attitude
that was disagreeable and even sufficient
to destroy all hope of an amicable settle
ment.
Even at the commencement of this late
conflict she could not refrain from ridi
cule. Sho pictured the Americans as
"hogs," which, she seemed to think, she
could easily gather in droves, and with
the aid of such men as Wcyler butcher
them. Her plans she was unable to carry
out, and the "hogs," as she pictured them
to be, came near eating her up. She has,
at last, taken down her pictures and we
have taken in her provinces. In a finan
cial view the taking was to our advan
tage.
If Spain ever refrained from insolence
when she believed she could overawe her
antagonist history has not rcorded the
event. For three-quarters of a century
Cuba has been a threatening' isle and a
menace to American shipping and pride.
The shooting of Americans taken from the
Virginius, some years ago, without a
trial, is still fresh in the minds of many
Americana. Californians in particular do
not view the Spanish in any pleasant
light. They remember that when they
neared the Cuban coast, before our con
tinental railroad was built, not infre
quently a shot from a Spanish gun came
across the steamer's bow, which brought
her to. They had some complaint against
the steamer which always turned out to
be groundless. American ladies and gen
tlemen were insulted on board the steam
er by Spanish brutes, and no remedy ex
isted therefor.
They believed then that the United
States were their inferiors on the sea,
and perhaps not without some reason, as
our navy was formerly composed of
ships, in some ways, unequal to the Span
ish fleet. It has been said our Govern
ment was unwilling to test the relative
prowess of the two navies.
To illustrate Spain's treatment of
lesser powers we have but to recall her
acts In South America. During the presi
dency of General Jose Antonio Pezet, on
the 14th day of April, 1864, a Spanish
squadron, under pretext of obtaining sat
isfaction for damages claimed by some
Spanish subjects, took possession of tne
islands of Chincha, valuable property of
Peru. Admiral Pinzon, commander of the
squadron, declared in a public document
that, since 1824, there had only existed a
truce or armistice, or a suspension of
hostilities, between Spain and Peru, and
that the mere taking possession of those
islands was a vindication of Spanish
rights, as Spain was still the owner of
them. President Pezet, in spite of the
protestations of his people, made a treaty
of peace on the 27th day of January, 18tJ5,
by which Peru recognized the demands of
Spain, and promised to pay an indemnity
of $3,000,000. Then the Spanish squadron
evacuated the islands and paid its atten
tion to Chile, because the latter had ex
hibited sympathy for Peru. The Span
ish admiral was not satisfied with the ex
planations of Chile, and in consequence
thereof declared war against her and
blockaded her ports. The people of Peru
were so humiliated by the treaty of Pres
ident Pezet that a revolution broke out
and he was compelled to leave the coun
try in an English ship.
The claim of Spain to the Chincha
Islands on the ground that the peace of
1824 was a mere armistice — a mere sus
pension of hostilities— was the most un
scrupulous and outrageous act that ever I
was performed by one nation against j
another. The public declaration of the j
Spanish admiral as to the ownership of
the Chincha Islands was an ostentatious
di name of justice and international law.
If the peace of 1824 was but a suspension
of hostilities it became the longest armis
tice ever known in history. Over forty
years had elapsed since the armistice was
promulgated. Let us look into the facts
pertaining to the struggle of 1524. The
great battle of 1824 between Spain and
Peru took place on the 9th of December
and it decided the fate of the latter. It
took place at Ayacucha. It was fought
with desperation on both sides. It ended
with the capture of the Spanish Viceroy
and all of his officers. If such a termin
ation of a battle can be termed merely a
suspension of hostilities it is a perver
sion of language that no nation except
Spain would have the audacity to ad
vance.
On the 23d of January, 1866, the repre
sentatives of Chile, Peru, Bolivia and
Ecuador formed in Lima a treaty of al
liance by which they united for common
defense, promising to maintain no rela
tion with any nation that should attack
either of them. On the 14th of April, 1866,
the Spanish squadron bombarded the de
fenseless port of Valparaiso. This act of
Spain was viewed with abhorrence by
every other civilized nation. Over two
thousand shot and shell were thrown into
the city and not a shot was returned.
Over ten millions of property was de
stroyed, belonging principally to foreign
residents. A very considerable amount of
public property as well as private suc
cumbed to the cannon. Every foreign
Minister and Consul protested in the
name of humanity, law and justice, but
all to no purpose. The unscrupulous and
vainglorious ambition of the Spaniards
could not be 'checked.
Peru refused to carry out the provi
sions of the Pezet treaty. The Spanish
squadron bombarded Callao, and although
the place was not strongly fortified the
Spaniards, not meeting with much suc
cess, withdrew their fleet and left the
waters of the Pacific.
As we pass in review the foregoing
facts and surrounding circumstances we
are reminded of the expression made by
one of the Queens of England in the
seventeenth century when considering
some of the laws. She exclaimed: "I did
not know that there was such a differ
ence between the laws of God and the
laws of man."
Let us turn our attention to the clos
ing acts of the Spanish officials at t lie
last session of the Peace Commission, rs.
The torms of peace were signed by I oth
parties, but not without several protests
and with severe strictures from Sagasta.
He declared that: "Never has a civilized
nation committed such an act of vio
lence." It was a broad charge rtgainst
one of the most generous and huv-abid
ing nations of the earth, and could not
have come from any man but a Spaniard.
In illustrating the Spanish . haracter
we do not think we have overstepped the
bounds of truth and common decency;
and we might with every degree of fair
ness cite the language of the distinguished
writer, Lord Macaulay, when he declared
in his portrayal of the Spanish race that
"Two things delight a Spaniard — to see a
horse gored by a bull and a Jew writhing
in fire."
Out of kindness for a fallen foe we
might add that his Lordship was speak
ing of the race as it existed two centuries
ago. And yet the love of the bullfight
has not ceased, though :he hatred of the
Jew may have lessened.
The Spanish people ought to learn by
this war with the United States two les
sons—to be more charitable to nations of
lesser power and that industry, intelli
gence and economy bring wealth to the
people and to the nation.
FREDERIC HAH*
TO AMEND THE
DEBTOR LAW
Editor The Call-Dear Sir: It is with
a feeling of confidence that you will
give any matter which affects the in
terests of the retail merchants of this
State your most careful consideration
that we address you in regard to the
amendments which we hope to nm
made this year to the present debtor
laws.
It has been falsely stated that we
urge the passage of a bill that would
result in imprisonment for debt, mis
ig untrue. 
The law as we would have it would
not inflict any punishment on a man
because he could not pay his bills.
It will, however, result in making
those who can pay, but seek to avoid,
the payment by dishonest means, reim
burse the retailer.
Surely this is only fair and right, tor
it is evident that the man who buys
necessaries of life for the use of him
self and his family, and does so with
the intention of defrauding the store
keeper out uf the payment of the same,
although able to pay for them, is as
much a thief as the man who takes the
goods without the storekeeper's knowl-
edge.
It is urged that under the law as we
would have it Judges wcruld order pay
ment from those financially unable to
obey the order. This presupposes the
entire bench of the State to be dishon
est and unprincipled. We think such a
hypothesis hardly correct.
A copy of the proposed law is in
closed. We would urge you to read it
carefully. The necessity for its passage
will become evident to you when you
learn that in San Francisco alone there
are over two thousand well-to-do pro
fessional beats, who make use of our
present lax laws to defraud the retail
merchant. These persons, according to
the latest report of the collection bu
reau of the Retail Grocers' Association
and the Butchers' Board of Trade, owe
our merchants over $30,000, which they
can pay, but will not because the law
at present does not enable the mer
chants to reach them. This same state
at affairs exists all over the State of
California.
That imprisonment for debt is con
trary to the public welfare cannot be
questioned. As responsible citizens and
taxpayers the members of our two
associations would protest against the
passage of a law that would work in
jury to our citizens. At the same time
we feel that we are entitled to a cer
tain protection, and we look to you to
assist us in this important matter as
far as you feel you can consistently do
so. Yours very truly.
JOSEPH A. STULZ,
President Retail Oroeers" Association.
SAM C. HAMMOND,
President Butchers' Board of Trade.
San Francisco, January 5, 1899.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
M. Rich of St. Louis is a guest at tha
Grand.
C. A. Fitzgerald of Quartz is a guest at
the Lick.
C. E. Compton, U. S. N., is a guest at
the Palace.
L. E. Dodd of Los Angeles is staying at
the Grand.
C. J. Leonard, an attorney of Merced,
is at the Lick.
E. J. Miley and wife of Winters are at
the California.
E. A. Dawson, a merchant of Chicago,,
is at the Palace.
Cornelius Gardiner of Washington, D.
C, is at the Palace.
Dr. J. F. Holmes of New York Is a
guest at the Occidental.
E. F. Sweeney, a merchant of Seattle,
is a guest at the Palace.
W. Waterhouse, a capitalist of Pasa
dena, is at the Occidental.
George Mainehost, a miner from Grass
Valley, is a guest at the Grand.
Charles King, a cattle dealer of Han
ford; arrived at the Lick yesterday.
S. S. Campbell, a well-to-do merchant
of Denver, is staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Malcolm McKenzie of
New York are guests at the Palace.
E. B. Edson of Gazelle, one of the new
Railroad Commissioners, is at the Grand:
R. J. Collins and C. A. Tilles, merchants
of St. Louis, are registered at the Pal
ace.
James Kirkland of Amador, manager of
the Keystone Supply Company, is at the
Lick.
G. L. Lister and "W. H. Dupee, both of
Chicago, with their valets, arrived at th»
Palace yt.- : terday.
Revs. I. F. Smith and E. G. Phillips, re
turned missionaries from .pan and
China, are at the Occidental.
Lieutenant B. E. Calkins, First Montana
Regiment, who returned on the Dorio
from Manila, is at the Palace.
Captain Steele of the Eighteenth United
States Infantry, who returned from Ma
nila on the Doric, is at the Occidental.
P. C. Jones of Honolulu, who is one of
the most influential and wealthiest citi
zens of the islands, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Lieutenant Colonel I. Altamira, the
Mexican military attache at Yokohama,
was among the arrivals on the steamer
Doric.
A. S. J. Holt of Cincinnati, who was re
cently appointed by the Pennsylvania
road as its general passenger agent for
this city, arrived at the Palace yesterday
in company with E. A. Ford of Pittsburg,
who is the general passenger agent of all
the lines of the Pennsylvania west of tha
Mississippi River.
CALITORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.— Albert M. Bendel
of San Francisco is at the Imperial, H.
Thorp of Sacramento is at the Albert and
J. D. "W'arrick of San Francisco is at the
Metropole.
JUST THE SAME OLD STORY.
"You were a long time in the far corner
of the conservatory last evening," sug
gested the mother. "What was going
on.
"Do you remember the occasion on
which you became engaged to papa?" in
auired the daughter, by way of reply.
"Of course I do."
"Then it ought not to be necessary for
you to ask any questions."
Thus gently the news was broken that
they were to have a son-in-law.— Boston
Journal.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Fare," said the conductor, looking into
her face.
"Oh, flatterer!" she exclaimed, blush-
Ing fiercely. "But do you really think
so?"— . Philadelphia North American
♦-Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty -ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the ':o B t remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething op
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Eyrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days 1 board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 f.ew Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK A STEEPING .OF MOKI TEA BE
(™ ret .™ ln 5 at nlght - an <* see how soundly
IZ w , m *seep'5 eep ' and how joyously you will
awake in the morning. It supplies food for the
beautiful on you sleep - Produces a clear and
beautiful complexion, cures constipation and
sick headache. At Owl Drug Co.ENDS HER LIFE
IN THE HOUSE
OF HER FRIEND
Mrs. F. V. Baer Kills
Herself.
DIES IN TERRIBLE AGONY
A TRAGEDY IN THIS CITY YES
TERDAY MORNING.
Ihe Victim Takes Rough on Rats
While Visiting at the Residence
of W. E. Lutz— Former
Attempt.
There is no reason in the world
lor me to feel a lack of interest, but
1 cannot seem to get hold of life
and put my whole soul in
my work. Frank is so loving and
good. 1 feel so depressed that I do
not wish to keep others from being
happy. Ido not seem to just know
how my life can be useful and make
others happy. With love to all.
Forgive me. GRACfc L. B.
The foregoing pathetic note, evidently
■.written under great excitement by Mrs.
'Frank V. Baer, the wife of a Berkel*
. taken in connection with an
; empty poison bottle, tells the story of yes
•'-.unlay morning's tragedy.
..; The young woman committed suicide by
b on Hats ut the house of \V.
"H. Lute, 2025 Baker street, this city. She;
\\:ts alive when found, but died in great
mj before a pnysician could be sum
moned.
Mrs. Baer came to San Francisco
. ■• Wednesday afternoon, leaving a note for
r husband, iming to '
■•'the city and would spend the night with
Mrs. Lutz, who was an old friend. She
lte"d Mr. Baer to call for her in the
morning and they would go downtown, i
•..She wtnt directly to the home of her
', friend, informing her sin- had come to
: the night, vsiuer. friends came in
during the ' evening, and Mrs. Baer ap
i ired to be in i .<■ best ot spirits, play
ing cards and apparently enjoying herself
.-.-: thoroughly.
When the family retired Mrs. Baer oc- , '
pupfed a room with Mrs. Lutz's little '
daiighti r. About 3 a. m. the little girl ;
i me into her momer'a room and said ■
lick. Mrs. Lutz went In
see her, l>ut Mrs. ISaer said it was
• •'nothing but .t "sour Btomacb." At 5
•■■.airs. lav.z was again awakened by her i
'Vvdaughti ild Mrs. Baer was Vi
-' ':>!l. Mrs. Lutz found her writhing In
nj and sent her husband for a doctor
v L to relieve her guest with ■
;•• .-.the simple remedies at band.
■.',.'■. Dr. Brunn, whose residence is but a few
- coon on >he scene, but
■•• ihe unfortunate woman was dead when :
rived. Tt.. was at once no
ilthougb at this time neither -~r.
Mrs. Lutz nor the doctor, who had
mination, had any idea of
true cause of death. Coroner Hill and
: Chief Deputy J. I. McCormick went to '
•'. the house, and after a brief search
md the note and the empty noison
At this moment Mr. Baer arrived from
.• Berkeley . He was almost prostrated when
. of the deaiii of iiis wife, ami pleaded
;...; : :-v\ith th not to take the body to
the Morgue. The Coroner, therefore, sum- .
r faioned a jury fr^m among the neighl
;i held an inquest ar the house. The
.-.' only witness's examined were Mr. and
. • Jlr?. I.utz, A. P. Kennedy, father of Mr.-.
•■ ho Is vfsitjng his daughter; 111 tie
The evid< □
blished the fa'-ts as re!:
'irs. l.utz said Mrs. Baer was <if a very
.■ ' affectionate and sunny disposition, and
■ son in the world she
'. would think ol as a suicide. The o
tiling peculiar she had ever noticed about
'■ ■ tlip dead woman was that she was a be
liever in -Christian Science. Mr. Baer!
Id his wife was ai parently happy and
ntented. He admitted that she was a
■ : - Christian Scientist, and that she had at
tempted to take her life a year ago. when
•;. ■ eh< ■• ■ ■! a dose of chloroform. He,
■ discovered what she had don* 1 in time to
. r. Since that time she had given
n that she still contemplated
{ destructii
["he jury returned a verdict that de
ised came .to her death by Rough on
k> ii with suicidal intent.
M[rs. Baer had i iftered for many
from an Injury to her bark, re
i when a girl by a fall, and at times
in was intolerablo. She was S3
Id, with a very attractive fa, • . and
and highly accomplished. Before
marriage to Mr. Baer, Qve years ago,
• «.f the acknowledged belies
The funeral will be held in
■ ><=c on Saturday.
MORGAN CITY CHAB.TEBED.
Again Secured by the Government
for Transport Service.
T.r ; t« Wednesday nißht Major General
ired Instructions from the
AVar Department to charter the Morgan
trernment transport. This
y, and that vessel Is
.: in the service of Uncle Sam. The
Ity will sail for the Philippines
etween the lf.t h and 20th of
Vttiis month in company with the Scan-
Hhe will carry mostly freight and
Government Bupplies, and a few regulars
ents now in Manila. In
.;■ addition, the families of the officers on
twentieth United States Infantry, ami
• ■<i officers bound for
• service In Manila, will sail on the Mor
!ity. Genera] Merrlam stated yes
. i..-i.!a.v that a number of trained nurses
rgan City. The Bean
.. v.iii be v y for the- trans
rtation of tli* Twentieth infantry.
• ipre have been some changes !n the
.-plans of ih<- mustering out of the Eighth
fornla Regiment The companies at
the 1 ilcia will be raus
leir respective stations by
Pratt ;m<l Dane of the Third
:•■. UnKi E Artillery, while those com
w doiiiK duty 'it X'ancouver Bar
•;•■ racks are to be mustered out by Captain
t the Fourteenth United States
This will greatly facilitate the
. as the work will thus be
■■'.'■ yiiyld partments of the
.■'.•■;■'( '•'»i'. the Pacific. General Mer-
V. / ■ j-iitji. urther notification
when the Twentieth
:•' Utt antry may be .expected, but it is
the regiment will arrive
; it 1 tt wi ck.
■ » •
V : CALIFORNIA INSTALLS.
(The : First Parlor of the Native Sons
%i-sfft the Golden West Obligates Of
•j- •";•,- fleers for the Current Term.
•.''^California Parlor No. L Native Sons of
":-fhr GoldervWest, at its meeting last night
•'••jliad'tho following named officers installed
for the current term by William M. &ul
t.nn. district deputy gTand president, as
• fiistfid by a full staff of officers: Presi
dent, John O'Gara; first vice president,
■ Romberg . Jansen; second vice presi
'.•dent,' Louis Lacaze; third vice president.
\V. J>. Hobro Jr.: recording secretary, J.
»*J. Jamison; financial secretary, B. F.
.l.];.iilov: treasurer, Henry F. Pernau; mar
.. .Ftial. John F. Llnehan; surgeons—Benja
mfii F. Clarke, John M. Heinimann, How
.■:'arfl THerrington, D. D. Lustlg, Frederick
Stable; trustee, Robert li. Morse; col
lector, William Ji. Stanlels; organist, Rob
ert H. Morse.
•"• "After the ceremonies, which were con
.. ducted with that impressiveness which
• marks the beautiful ritualistic work of
this .order, there was inaugurated a pro
gramme of music, song and recitation,
supplemented with story telling, that was
productive of a. great deal of enjoyment
' .to. the many Native Sons who were in at
■' tendance. _' .
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bueh «n<l Larbln rt». Swimming. Rusalan, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from occao.
RETURN OF
A FAVORITE
Miss Bernice Holmes, the Popular
Contralto, Will Reappear at the
Tivoli in a Few Days in
Leading Parts.
AFRESH treat is in store for
the patrons of the Tivoli.
The management has en
tered into a contract with
Bernice Holmes, who
scored a hit in this city a couple
of years ago.
Miss Holmes Is known all over
the country as a contralto, and
her sweet voice, combined with
her easy, graceful manner, has
made her a universal favorite on
and off the stage. Two years ago
she took leadine: parts at the
Tivoli and her return will be
hailed with joy. Since that time
she has been with the Castle
Square Opera Company in Bos
ton, Philadelphia and New York
and later with the Murray Lane
Opera Company in Chicago.
Miss Holmes will arrive in this
city next Monday night and will
make her first appearance a week
later. She will take the leading
part in all contralto roles during
the season.
THE CORPORATIONS
WERE ALL TOO EASY
"NO TRICK TO FOOL THEM,"
SAYS GOLDIN.
An Illustration of How to Beat the
Unbeatable Given by the
Magician.
A short, stout, clean-shaven youth, with
a Senatorial candidate smile and a large
crowd of men and boys at his heels, Im
peded traffic on Market street for two
hours yesterday afternoon. The center of
attraction was Horace Goldin, the magi
cian, and his following was picked up
from the various stores where he had been
shopping.
"I want some collar-buttons," said Gold
in to a clerk in one of the jewelry stores. '
Tray after tray was brought down for
inspection, but the illusionist could find
nothing that satisfied him. He swallowed
buttons by the score, drew them from the
pockets of the spectators, the ears of the
clerk and the bottoms of the trays, until
the bewildered proprietor gave up in dis
gust.
"What kind of buttons do you use?" he
inquired.
"Well, you see, I drink so much water
that my collar-buttons rust, and I want
I some that won't give me blood poison
| ing." C " ;
I A few minutes later the wizard was
' lined up in front of the Pullman office
window in the Southern Pacific ticket
office.
"What is the cost of a berth to Los
Angeles?" he asked.
"Two fifty," replied the clerk.
"Why didn't you say five dollars," quer
ied Goldin. "Id beat you down to three
and think I had a bargain."
"Two fifty," answered the clerk, with a
I frown.
"Will you take five half-dollars?"
"Yea, sir." *» l
"There you are— one, two, three, four,
! five. Is that correct?"
"Correct," said the clerk, sweeping the
i money into his hand.
"Pardon me," interrupted Goldin.
"Maybe your company is poor and you
lit. I the money. You had better count v
again."
The clerk did so and found himself a
half-dollar short. He blushed and
stretched out his hand for the extra four
l.it piece. Goldin placed it in his hand
and asked him to close his fingers over the
I coin to make sure it did not slip away.
j When the astonished clerk opened his
| hand he found an old English ~enny in
i his palm. By this time an interested
i crowd of spectators had gathered about
the wicket.
"They warned me to be careful of these
railway officials," continued the magician.
"but 1 never thought this messenger boy
would hold me up so," and making a pass
at the astonished messenger Goldin pulled
halves, dollars, fives, tens and twenties
"in the astonished boy's clothing until
' the lad rushed behind the railing. Toss
ing a half-dollar to the clerk Goldin walk
ed out, remarking as he passed through
the door: "It aint so much of a much
-1 ness to fool the Southern Pacific."
Wells-Fargo's express office was next
visited. There Goldin purchased a money
I order, placing three five-dollar pieces on
the counter. The clerk wrote out the or
der, handed it to Goldin and was about
to drop the coin into the drawer when he
discovered to his astonishment that three
copper pennies had been substituted for
the gold. The magician took the pen
nies in one hand, rubbed them with his
thumb and handed them back to the
clerk with the remark that they were
genuine "fives." The employe blinked his
eyes and apologized. Goldin picked up his
■ money order, quickly tore in half and
the halves into quarters before the clerk
. gasped out, "You have ruined your order,
man. I'll have to cancel the stub and
give you another."
"What's the matter with this?" asked
: Golden. "Ain't it all right? Just a little
: crumpled; that's all," and he smoothed
out the order intact.
"These corporations are too easy alto
gether." concluded the magician. "I
think I'll go to Sacramento and get a job
handing out gold bricks to the office
| seekers."
CATCHING A SCHOONER.
Captain Alexander Tries to Evade
Entering His Vessel at the
Custom House.
Captain Alexander «t the sealing
schooner Enterprise has been f>ut to con
siderable expense because of his desire to
be economical at the expense of the har
bor regulations. He wanted to avoid .en
tering at the Custom-house but was
thwarted in his designs by the vigilance
of Surveyor Bpear.
The Enterprise arrived on December 31,
and the captain announced that he had
put into port for the purpose of waiting
tor it bomb gun, being at that time on
his way to the southern seal flshing
grounds. On January 3 he went to sea
and lay off the Cliff House until night,
when he sneaked in under cover of the
darkness.
As the customs regulations require that
a vessel must have gone at least three
leagues from land before escaping the
jurisdiction of the Custom-house, Survey
or Spear placed Inspector Henry on
board with orders not to allow the
schooner to pail without having been duly
entered at the Custom-house. Yesterday
Captain Alexander spread his sails, haul
ed up his anchor and announced his in
tention of going to sea and taking In
spector Her.ry with him.
The alarm w:is given at once and the
steam launch from the United States rev
enue cutter Rush overhauled the schoon
er before she reached me Golden Gate.
Captain Alexander saw that the game
was lost, and in order to avoid the wrath
of Uncle Sam duly entered his vessel and
was allowed to depart in chagrin.
Child Study Club.
Dr. George H. Martin will lecture be
fore the Child Study Club In the parlors
of the Occidental Hotel at 3 o'clock this
afternoon. His subject will be "The Men
j tal Development of the Child."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY <5, 1899.
FIREMAN MOULD'S ARM
AMPUTATED AT SHOULDER
ACCIDENT ON THE NORTH PA-
CIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Drawbar Between Engine and Tender
Breaks and Five Cars Pass Over
the Unfortunate Man.
Charles Mould, a fireman on engine 13
of the San Francisco and North Pacific
Coast Railroad, was seriously Injured on
Tuesday afternoon in an accident whi'jh
occurred about a quarter of a mile north
of Hopland. The engine was pulling a
special train of stock from Uklah to
Shellville, when the drawbar connecting
it with the tender broke. Mould fell in
front of the tender and his left arm was
badly crushed. The tender and five cars
passed over his arm. He was also severe
ly injured about the head.
Mould was Taken to the Hopland TTo-el,
where Dr. Bea attended to him. Con
ductor I rane ;i.-k«d for another en-fine
went with It to Vkiah for another
physician. The services of Dr. Stout were
obtained, and he returned with the train
t . Hopland and amputated Mould's arm
at the shoulder. Mould, although suffer
ing very much from loss of blood, came
through the operation exceedingly well
and rested easily after it. His condition
■day was better than had bean hoped
tor by the doctors in attendance, and they
now b< lleve he will recover.
Mould is a single man. 2't years of age,
and has been employed on the road for
two "i- three years. His father, who died
recently, was conductor on the same line
for twenty years.
This is the first accident that .vis oc
curred on the road for several years, and
General Manager Whiting says it Is one
of th' -c unfortunate affairs that cn.nr.ot
be avoided, although l extra precautions
are taken to guard against them. He as
cribes the breaking of the drawbar to
Berne unnatural strain. The i-tiKine had
hauling the same train for three
years.
Y. M. C. jJL. ANNUAL DINNER.
Third Indoor Baseball Game at Reli-
ance Club To-Night.
The annual dinner of members of the
Young Men's Christian Association was
held last night in this city. The chair
was taken by General Secretary H. J.
McCoy, and about 250 sat down to the
dinner, which was given by the Mothers'
Club, the president of which is Mrs. C.
S. Wright. W. M. Parsons, the new State
secreViry, who has just arrived in Cali
fornia from St. L«ouis, made an eloquent
speech.
The chairman suggested that the com
pany present should divide Itself into
two clubs for the purpose of increasing
the membership of the organization as
largely as possible, the clubs to contend
with each other, and the club securing
the largest number of new members at
the end of three months to receive a din
ner at the expense of the losing club.
One hundred and two young men pledged
themselves to do their utmost, and were
divided into two clubs of fifty-one each,
one having for its leader C. J. Anger and
for its secretary \V. N. Ilolliday, and the
other having as leader J. B, Thornburg
and as secretary W. Hutton. Short
speeches were made by several members,
and at about 9 o'clock, after singing a
verse of "My Country, 'Tis of Thee," the
company dispersed.
This evening the Y. .M. C. A. indoor
baseball team will go over to Oakland
to play against the nine of the Reliance
Athletic Club. The teams have met twice
before on the first occasion in this city,
when the San Francisco team won by a
score of 17 to 15, and on the second occa
sion in Oakland, when the Reliance team
won by a score of 20 to 17. The San
Francisco team is made up as follows:
Barbour. pitcher; Foran, catcher; Me
' Shane, first base; Armstrong, shortstop;
! Hanrahan, third base; Toohy, right field;
j Spacher, left field; Shaw, longstop; Scott,
second base.
Aj botn teams have considerably im
proved since they last met, a hard and
lively game is expected. It will be ladies'
night at the Reliance Club's rooni3.
FREIGHT RATE REDUCTIONS.
Important Cuts Made on Wine and
Rice Shipments.
Lower rntes wore announced by the
Southern Pacific Company on wine and
rice, eastbound. yesterday. The now rate
on rice from Snn Francisco to Chicago
! and St. Louis and all points east of mose
cities is 50 cents per 100 pounds in car
i load lots of not less than 30.000 pounds.
I This rate, as applied to Nftw York, is via.
: the Sunset route. The former ratfs were
56 cents to St. Louis, 60 cents to Chicago
I and 75 cents to New York. The new rate
went into effect yesterday, its object be
ing to allow of Japanese rice being milled
here and sold In competition with the
' rice imported at and distributed from
New York, via the Suez Canal.
The rate on wine in wood from Califor
i nia wine shipping points to New fork
i and New Orleans, via the Sunset route.
j is to be reduced from 60 cents to 45 cents
per I<hi pounds, beginning with the 14th
instant. This reduction Is due to the com
petition of the clippers.
District Meeting.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded last
night with an audience of ladles and gen
tlemen attracted there by an entertain
ment given by San Francisco, Unity,
Magnolia and dpartan lodges of the An
cient Order of Workmen under the di
rection of District Deputy J. Bowman and
the committee of arrangements— A. Hil
ton, J. M. H viand. M. A. Mohrdeck and
IM. Levy. The programme included an
overture, selections by the Grand Mas
! ter's quartet, vocal solos. Miss Ida u<u
don; recitation, Miss Elsie Abrams; hu
morous selections, T. Hynes; address on
the work of the order by Grand Master
"Workman George H. Bahrs; instrumental
solo, Miss J. Bernstein, ana recitation,
I Clarence E. P-*«r- n.
Annkpsls cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesla, New York. *
CHALMERS WAS
IGNORED BY
CAPT. SMITH
Ordered the Doric to
Lie in the Stream.
THE VESSEL WAS DOCKED
FEDERAL OFFICERS PASSED THE
SHIP— THE STATE DIDN'T.
Dr. Chalmers Was Angry Because the
Steamer Had Crossed the Quar
antine Line, So Refused
to Examine Her.
The Paciflo Mail Company's steamer
Doric arrived from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama and Honolulu, last evening, and
after being passed by Dr. Brooks of the
Federal Quarantine Office Captain Smith
took his vessel to the dock at Jfirst and
Brannan streets, despite the fact that Dr.
Chalmers of the State Quarantine Office
refused to examine the ship and ordered
the commander to anchor in the stream.
When the Doric came In through the
heads shortly before 5 o'clock she was
boarded by Dr. Brooks, who, after mak
ing an examination, gave her free pra
tique. While waiting for the Caroline to
take off the Chinese passengers Captain
Brooks crossed into the quarantine
grounds. Dr. Chalmers came aboard as
the Doric lay at anchor off Angel Island.
The doctor was very angry that the rules
of the State Quarantine Office had been
violated. He refused to examine the ves
sel and ordered Captain Smith to remain
in the stream until this morning, when he
would visit the ship and examine her bill
of health.
As .soon as the vessel had been passed
by Dr. Brooks, Deputy Surveyor of the
Port Chauncey St. John notified Captain
Smith that he could proceed to his dock.
The commander availed himself of the
permission, ignoring Dr. Chalmers. Cap
tain Smith believes the Quarantine Officer
will have him arrested, but is not much
worried over the matter.
The Doric made the passage from Hong
kong in 28 days lti hours 40 minutes; from
Yokohama in 16 days IB*i hours, and from
Honolulu in 6% days. According to Chief
Engineer Allen, the trip was the best ever
made by the vessel, taking into considera
tion the fact that heavy head winds were
encountered throughout the voyage.
Fifty-four cabin and 112 steerago pas
sengers were on the ship. Among the
passengers were twelve discharged sol
diers from the Twenty-third and Eigh
teenth regiments, and ten Spanish priests
from Manila on their way to Panama.
Captain Steele of the Eighteenth Regi
ment, at present stationed at Cavite, came
over on the Doric. He is home on sick
leave, and will go to his old -'home in
South ( 'arolina in a few days. Captain
Sieele says that while there has been con
siderable sickness and a number of deaths
among the soldiers, the health of the men
has greatly improved in the past few
months. The passenger list follows:
Captain Steele, Lieutenant Colonel I. Altl
mara. Lieutenant B. E. Calkins, P. Diaz, Ft.
Diaz, J. Diaz, T. F. Dredge. A. H. Emanuel.
STfeants G. L. Finch, B. Lambert,. J. F.
Rooney and J. F. Wilson, B. Fernandez, L>. I.
Berraz, W. Garcia, U. A. Lopez, Charles Lel
hle, Mr. and Mrs. MoKenzle. S. L. Orr. Rev.
an.l Mrs. E. O. Phillips, W. (J. Porter, Miss
A. Roo.l, R. Santos, J. S. Scott, X". Soli.". Rev.
and Mrs. I. F. Smith and four children, E.
Tuck, M. Torres, J. Vagar.ay. Captain J. H.
Turner, Mrs*. <*l<>ver and four children. Miss
C. H. Ever.'Mrp. E. B. Carroll and sen. Mr?.
<;. Mertons. Miss E. C. Kelley. C. L. Stewart.
Mrs. E. A. Connors, C. 9. Drsky, Nellie BfeSle,
Miss Z. M. Hart, A. B. Bannana and Mrs.
Houchett.
TERMINAL FACILITIES
FOR THE VALLEY ROAD
Captain Payson Has Gone East to
Arrange for Their Early Con
struction.
Captain A. 11. Payson, who is the rep
resentative of the Santa Fe in the direc
torate of the Valley road, left for the
East on Wednesday for an important con
ference with the officials of the Santa Fe
relative to terminal facilities and other
improvements in connection with the Val
ley road.
It is understood that he will discuss the
construction of wharves, piers and freight
and passenger depots at Point Richmond,
and the improvement of the Santa he's
newly acquired water front property at
the foot of Spear street, in this city, as
well as the construction of ferry boats to
ply between this city and Point Rich
mond. It is not improbable that on his
return he will bring authority to make
contracts for these improvements, and
that they will be pressed to completion
with the same energy and expedition that
has characterized the work in the con
struction of the Valley road.
FOUR FIREMEN FINED.
The Fire Commissioners Make Sev
eTal Appointments and Pro
motions.
Four members of the Fire Department
were yesterday fined by the Commission
ers for various offenses. M. Halinan,
driver of Engine 14, was fined five days'
pay for exercising his horses on Golden
Gate avenue, contrary to orders: Thomas
Titus, hoseman of Engine 4, fifteen days'
pay for using vulgar language to a fel
low-member; Michael Wright, truckman
of Truck 7, ten days' pay for neglect of
duty in failing to respond to four fire
alarms; and William O'Connor, driver of !
Engine 24, two days' pay for springing j
an axle of his engine through careless- |
ness.
James Brannan, hoseman of Engine 4,
and John Daly, foreman of Engine 2, re- j
signed. Michael Hoden was promoted i
from assistant foreman to foreman of
Engine 2; George Symon was appointed
hogeman of Engine 16; Henry Fridenberg,
hoseman of Engine 4, and Albert McDon
ald, hoseman of Engine 2.
How to Cancel War Stamps.
The Secretary of the Treasury has is
sued the following order, specifying the |
manner in which war tax stamps shall be j
canceled:
Existing regulations are hereby amended so
as to require that upon earh adhesive docu
mentary or proprietary stamp used or affixed
after January 1, IS9'.\ there shall, In addition
to the initials of the person using the same
and the year In which used, also appear the
month and day of the month when such stamp
was used or affixed. The month may be ex
pressed by numerals — for Instance, on a stamp
used on January 12, 1539. the date may be
written or stamped, 1-12-99.
Illustrated Lecture on the War.
J. W. Erwln, president of the California
Camera Club, will tell the story of our
late war with Spain to-night in the First
Lutheran Church, Geary and Octavqia
streets. Like, ail Mr. Erwin's lectures, it
will be well illustrated with beautiful
stereopticon views.
These latter are representations of the
proverbial wideawakedness of the Amer
ican newspaper man, with pictures
of the naval battle in Santiago harbor,
and numerous other views of the land en
gagements at Manila.
Illegal Fisher Punished.
Those who violate the fish and gamo
laws of Sonoma County get short shrift
when their guilt is established. A few
days ago Deputy Pieh Commissioners
Davis and Cross arrested Lorenze Mar
tinez for placing a set net in the Russian
River.
The offender proved to be a native of
the island of Luzon, and he has the dis
tinction of being the first Filipino arrest
ed and convicted In this country since the
Philippine Islands nave come under the
control of the United States. He had his
preliminary examination yesterday before
Justice Brown 01 Santa Rosa and was
held for trial. The Superior Court being
in session, Martinez was at once taken
before that tribunal and pleaded guilty.
He was sentenced to pay a fine of 5100 or
be imprisoned for fifty days in the county
jail, is'ot having the money, he went to
jail. Yesterday Deputies Cross and "Wil
son confiscated another set net In the
Russian River, but could not find tre
owner.
COUB/T WASHINGTON.
A Branch of the Foresters of Amer-
ica Installs Officers and Has
a Banquet.
The following officers of Court Wash
ington, Foresters of America, were in
stalled in the courtroom in the Alcazar
building last night by District Deputy G.
W. Beyruth, assisted by G. Gardner, act
ing as grand marshal: H. Goldman, J. P.
C. R.; W. J. Phelan, C. R.; F. Dethlef
sen, S. C. R.; A. Flgel, T.; L D. Levy, F.
S.; M. C. Lasky, K. S.; O. B. Greene
baum, S. W.; A. Loeb, J. W. ; J. Brach
man, S. B.; G. Young, J. W.; M. Moses,
trustee.
At the close of the ceremonies the mem
bership of the court and invited guests
formed in procession to tue number of
about one hundred and fifty and marched
to Frank's, where i..ey partook of a ban
quet, the disposition of the good things
furnished occupying more than two hour 3.
P. H. Livingston was master of cere
monies, and between courses called upon
those who were selected to respond to
toasts. Those who occupied se-us of hon
or at the head of the table were: Jacob
Samuels, gTand chief ranger; John J.
Cordy, grand secretary; hugo K. Asher,
grand senior warden; George AY. Beyruth,
district denuty, and Jacob L...bel of the
American Forester Review.
Hugo K. Asher responded to "Our Or
der"; Kelly and Marlowe favored with
vocal selections; Louis Kragen responded
to "The Duties of Man," an . at the close
of his response presented Dernitv Bey
ruth with a beautiful gold watch and
chain as a token of the court's admira
tion of his services on behalf of the mem
bership and the order. R. Mender enter
tained with funny stories and coon son-s.
E. C. Stock responded to "The Press" and
Jacob Label to "The Fraternal Press."
Grand Chief Ranger Jacob Samuels re
sponded to the "Executive Council."
Grand Secretary Cordy responded to "The
Finances of the Order," and in his re
marks said that from the returns re
cpived for the term it is safe to say the
order will within a very short time have
a numerical showing of 13,000 in this
State. Mr. Cofdy was followed by other
speakers and special numbers.
EIGHTH REGIMENT TO
BE MUSTERED OUT
THE WELCOME ORDERS HAVE
AT LAST BEEN ISSUED.
The Companies "Will All Be Dis
banded at Their Present
Stations.
Orders providing- for the final muster-
Ing out of the Eighth California Regi
ment were issued yesterday. They pro
vide that the various companies shall be
discharged from the service at the vari
ous points where they are now stationed.
Four companies are at Vancouver Bar
racks, In the Department of Columbia.
The others are located at the following
places: Benicia, two companies; Angel
Island, one company; Presidio, three com
panies; Alcatraz Island, one company.
Captains Pratt and Davis will muster
out the companies within the Jurisdiction
of the Department of California. It is
not yet known who will conduct the dis
charge of the troops at Vancouver bar
racks.
Batteries B and C of the California
Heavy Artillery will also be mustered
out. Battery B is stationed at Angel Isl
am! and Battery C at Canby.
The life of the Eighth California has
been one long history of disappointments, j
The boys expected to go to Manila among
the first, and when they found that this i
could not be expected they clamored for
dismissal from the service. Then the
hope that they might go to Honolulu was
held out, but this plan also failed, and !
the nus^erine out will probably come as I
a relief to the volunteers, weary of the I
monotony of guard duty.
New Trap-Shooting Club.
A meeting of representative sportsmen
was held in room 38, Crocker building,
last night for the purpose of forming a
new trap-shooting club. Permanent or
ganization was effected, and the following
officers were elected: Dr. F. J. Lane,
president; C. H. Shaw, vice president;
w. < '. Murdock, secretary-treasurer; P. L.
Schultz, captain: directors — Herbert Kull
man, Joßeph Sweeney, E. Klevesahl, D.
Danuls and H. I* Miller.
Bible Study.
Professor W. S. Stevenson will conduct
the Bible class at ttie Young Men's Chris
tian Association to-morrow noon from 12
to 1 o'clor-k on the study of the interna
tlnnal Sabbath-school lesson,. A good at
ton<iar.ce is expected, as Professor Stev
enson Is a most interesting and able in
structor.
ADVERTISEMENTS. >«
I
0111 I IMIfiJJC 1 On Fourth st ->
SULLIVAN S, asr F -
THIS SPECIAL PRICE
Is for To-Day and To-Mor-
row Only.
CHILDREN'S fIJO
SHOES ■■ ■ $SilU
Sizes 8H to 11.
A REGULAR *1 50 VALUE. j
crunni Monday. Are the children fitted
JVIIUJL out with shoes? Are you look-
nprwc ing for a chance to save? Here's
UlClw a "money-saving" chance to
buy children's shoes. A special for to-day
and to-morrow only— a shapely, up-to-date
shoe, fit for the best boys and the fairest
girls, In the new shapes, In lace or but-
ton, for .*. $1.10
COUNTRY ORDERS FILLED.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
SULLIVAN'S, EB—
Money-Savtrs in Shoes.
Use Z* s^ se
Woodbury's wf*^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, *&/ Facial Cream.
Scalp diseases, falling hair, baldness, prema-
ture prayness quickly cured, and the luster,
natural growth and color, restored by JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St., New York, and
163 State St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample of Soap and Cream,
free. ■ ■ ' '
DDTTOIJI7O FOR barbers, bajc
BKUbtiJib * n - bootblacks. b*U»-
viiuwnuv houses, billiard table*.
brewers, book binders, candy- makers, • nners.
•yers, flounnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
■tablemen tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. He
- BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Si
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burllngame to Its new
home at Menlo Park. San Mateo County, ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business; next term begins January 18th, 1599.
IRA a. HOITT. Pn. D., Principal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
■^^^M l^^^^^ FOR BODY AND BRAIN
•^ Blnce 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
AMUSEMENTS.
The Greatest Aggregation Extant! '.-
W. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE,
THE BIGGEST HIT IN YEARS.
EXTRA Next Monday
ONE WEEK ONLY
EID-WT2SJ" MAYO
In FRANK MATO'S Dramatization of Mark
pudd'hhead'wilsoh.
SEATS NOW READY.
ALL, THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE QUAINT COMEDIAN.
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Comedy Triumph,
THE MAN
FROM MEXICO.
"STAND UP."
Coming— FßANK DANIELS' COMIC OPERA
COMPANY. V *^
GREATER THAN EVER.
PAPINTA ! PAPINTA !
In Her Bewitching, Bewildering Myriad Dances,
ANNA TERESA BERGER, Cornet Virtuose.
DELTORILLJ BROS., Musical Grotesques.
PILAR MORIN, ROSE EYTINGE and
CLEMENT BRIDGE, in "That Over-
c HORACE golden, MONS. and MME. ro-
, FIX. MILKY AND HUGHES and THE RAP-
! PO SISTERS.
Reserved seats, 2.'c: Balcony. 10c: Opera
! Chair? and Box Beats. 50c.
NEXT WEEK— BARTON HILL. CHARLES
WILLARD and Four New Acts.
MOROBCO'S'SIffiII:
V altkr Mokosco, Solo Lessee and Managet
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
HI HENRY'S
• • • Dk'O • • •
aggregation. -La
' CSO ALL WHITE C^O
I f>(= RF=-OB^/V\ERS ! <-?'**-*
ALL OTHER MINSTREIj ORGANIZATIONS
COMPLETELY ECLIPSED.
i POPULAR PRICES 10c. 25c. 50c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Met.
THIS EVENING, GREAT SUCCESS
OF THE NEW EDITION OF
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle,
THE YELLOWIm
NOVELTIES EVERY NIGHT.
NEW SONGS, DANCES. SPECIALTIES.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2. ?; /
BRING THE CHILDREN. y.V".'
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
N. B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee — 25c
Our Telephone, ; Bush 9.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
/"I know a Mrs. Curry, who lives in Tennessee," said the
rofessor, "who never had any trouble with her health, aside
from rheumatism, until after she was sixty years of age, but
then there came some derangement of the digestive organs, and
at the suggestion of her daughter, with whom she was living,
she tried Ripans Tabules and was benefited immediately. Now
she keeps them in the house all the time, and generally takes
one just after eating. She finds that it cures any irregularities
of the bowels, and says that, in her opinion, no family should
tver be without a supply of Ripans Tabules in the house."
AMUSEMENTS.
AT {-* A7/VTS SEATS BTPHOHI
AL,VvAZ<AK Main 254.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW AND SUNDA.T,
LAST FOUR TIMES OF
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL I"™™"""
. L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon. >
SR prices its:
NEXT WEEK— "THE MAGISTRATE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner of Sacramento and Webster sta..
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING, JAN. 6.
DR. L. C. LANE,
"BOTANY AND BOTANISTS." '
ADMISSION FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning TUESDAY.
Dec. 27. to SATURDAY, Jan. 7, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
- FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and,
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connectlnr
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
K. V. MILROY. Secretary.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
• A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO It
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10, INCLUDING HORSES.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-MORROW (SATURDAY) MATINEB,
January 7. at 2:30.
ROSENTHAL!
Prices $1, $2 and $3. Sale of seats at Sher-
man. Clay & Co- STEINWAY PIANO USPD.
S)£l*k VITALIS
THE NEW
lstDw. Bja^s&fc, « % l c^ rp> zsftxs
arts- ioth Day. ois- SVL, , JLlltEiiUnil
VITALJS 20thDay • SSL. M DcycnV
PRODI IKS TKF.AItOTK 30th Day. lICIII hi! I■■
RESULTS. ltqui-kiy*>mrelyrt!nioTesN*r»ousii<»s,JmpotenoT.
Kiehtly Emission*. Evil Dreams Wa»;in Dispues and all effects
of self-ahii-» or excess and indiscretion. Restors> Lest Vitality,
Power ami Failing Memory. Wards oil Insanity and Comoro p-
tion. Cures when all other, fail. Insist on haying VITAIJB,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By nail tl.Oit
F-r p>ckare or six for *5.00 with a guarantee to Cure «P
I- Inml the Money. Circular Free. AddrtM
CALUMET CUKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., C&lcag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
! Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonlo
j tor the sexual and urinary organs of both
hexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tn«
; kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
' Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market street, S. (Send for Circular.)
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNKY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence, i.21 California St.. below Powoll.
San Francisco.
78
PINGREE SAYS 'TWAS
AN UNRIGHTEOUS WAR
CRITICIZES THE
ADMINISTRATION
Declares Politics Forced
the Strife.
oOUGHT TO COVER MISDEEDS
MICHIGAN GOVERNOR OPPOSES
EXPANSION.
Scheme of Annexation Simply a
Weak Imitation of the
Policy of European
Monarchies.
Special DUpatcfa to The Call.
LANSING, Mich., Jan. s.— Governor
Pingree to-day read his message to the
Joint session of the Legislature. The
G.overnor congratulates the State on its
ress and the - ra of prosperity which
■is opening befon it. Equal taxation he
ts of at length, Baying that it is
ih" most important question in the
to-day, and that the present
State administration was put into pow
• er expressly to take some action look-
Ing to an equitable system of taxation.
He argued that railroads and other cor
porations should be brought under the
general tax law. Instead of being as
d upon their gross earnings as at
present. He recommends the repeal of
• the special charters of the Michigan
Central and Detroit, Grand Haven and i
Milwaukee roads so as to bring them
under the general laws. The attempt
fit the special session last spring to pass
the Atkinson bill, which has eaual tax
ation for its object, is referred to and
the Governor criticizes some of the
Federal officials for alleged lobbying
against it. •
The Governor favors a moderate in
come tax upon all incomes above $1000
a year. The progress made by trusts
in the last few-years has alarmed the
Governor. He advocates that Congress
SIR HENRY IRVING
ILL AND IN NEED
Health Shattered and
Fortune Lost.
RETIRES FROM THE STAGE
FRIENDS RAISING A FUND IN
HIS BEHALF.
Famous Actor Broken Physically and
Financially by Overwork and
Repeated Business
Failures.
I Dlpp^tch to .The Call.
NJ3W YORK. Jan. f).— The Herald will
s;iy t ..-morrow:- There have been bo
many mysterious rumors as to the "true
.inwardness" rf sir Henry living's en
deavor to lease his London- theater, and
the real facts in the case have been so
misstated ami distorted that it is as
well to give the public the whole truth
of the affair.
Sir Henry Irving's condition for some
time pert has caused his friends seri
ous concern. .
Both physically and financially he is
in much distress*, broken, in health —
not beyond mending, perhaps— and seri
tmsly crippled in his business affairs by
the disastrous failure of several most
elaborate and expensive productions at
the Lyceum. Overwork and public fail
ure which have been an intense strain
upon a man i ; peculiarly sensitive or
ganism and the.a dded demands upon
his sti-ength duet,o his social entertain
ments after an evening's work upon
the stage have wrecked his health and
ruined his once iarge fortune. He is
now at iiournemouth seeking the re
covery <>f his Btrt ngth and his most in
timate friends are endeavoring to raise
a substantial fund which shall provide
for his needs during the remainder of
his life.
Irving took into his confidence some
time since a number, of his friends and
told them candidly, of the straits to
which he had been reduced by recent
losses and asked for their assistance
and advice. These were men who not
onl? Were admirer* of the actor and
who had abundant means fit their com
mand, but men of good practical busi
.i^ well.
They were very fond of Irving, as is
all London, and they would have done
anything in their power financially to
aid him were- it a' mere' question of
pounds, shillings and .pence. But, re
garding the actor physically as well as
the situation financially, they saw the
future was decidedly doubtful, if not
hopeless, and that if they acted the
part of real friendship they would coun
sel him to retire from the stage — at all
ts from the ownership and direc
tion of the Lyceum— and seek the re
covery of his health.
How much they told him of what they
law in th..- future is neither here
nor there. But shortly afterward a
number of gentlemen in England and
on the Continent were applied to and
pledged themselves to provide a fund
for his use when the apparently in
evitable retirement should occur.
Meanwhile the actor, hopeful of re
sults of his re.st at Bournemouth, is
eagerly planning the leasing of the
Lyceum and the undertaking of another
American tour which shall recoup his
fortunes and which, they say in Eng
land, he has asked Charles Frohman to
manage for him.
Brakeman Fuller Killed.
AUBURN. Jan. s.— Jacob N. Fuller, a
brakeman over the "long haul," was j
thrown from a train at Summit station
this morning. He died on the train as it'!
reached Auburn. ' I
GOVERNOR PINGREE OF MICHIGAN.
should take this matter in hand, as
State Legislatures, he says, are power
less because the corporations would
simply be driven from one State to an
other by any attempt at legislation on
the part of the States. The Governor
finds fault with the present national ad
ministration. saying 1 :
The war was precipitated by the clamor
of an unscrupulous press, with the eo
nperatlon of equally unscrupulous poli
titcians who hoped that the excitement
and hysteria of war would distract the
popular mind from the abuses of their
misgovernment rind from the grievances
which our people suffered and still suf
fer gTeater than those which Spain's sub
jects bad to complain of.
Derided opposition is expressed to the
annexation of the Philippines, the Gov
ernor claiming that they are in no way
CANADA TO BAR
ALIEN MINERS
Americans to Be Kept
Out of Atlin.
MAY NOT ACQUIRE CLAIMS
EXCLUSION BILL TO BE INTRO
DUCED AT VICTORIA.
Significant Utterance of Lieut.-Gov.
Xclnneca in a Speech, to the
British Columbia Leg
islature.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, Jan. s.— An announce
ment of the utmost importance, par
ticularly to Americans who have inter
ests in the Atlin mining district in the
far north of British Columbia, was
made in the speech from the throne,
given by Lieutenant Governor Mclnnes,
at the opening of the provincial Legisla
ture of British Columbia this afternoon.
Lieutenant Governor Mclnnes said in
part after congratulating the members
on the prosperity and bright prospects:
In nearly all the leading industries of
the province growth and improved condi
tions are observed. The output of the
coal mines largely exceeded' that of the
previous year and is likely to continue
to increase. The development of the
quartz mines, especially those in Koote
nay, has been most satisfactory, while
a like activity to that which has occurred
there, it seems probable maj Boon be wit
nessed in the Boundary Creek district,
when, by the completion of the railway
now in progress of construction, the im
mense bodies of ore known to exist there
can be profitably developed. On the wt st
coasts uf the mainland and Island there
is also every probability of considerable
mining developments shortly taking
place.
There is also likely to be a large in
crease within the present year in placer
and hydraulic mining operations. Al
ready some Large enterprises of this char
acter have been put into successful ope
ration in Cariboo and on a smaller scale
in the Omineca district, while the recent
discoveries at Atlin Lake, in the north
ern part of the province, nave disclosed
deposits of auriferous gravel, rich in
quality and spread over a large area. In
anticipation of an influx of population
Into that region my government has al
ready taken steps for the proper admin
istration of the district. In order to con
serve the natural wealth in these gold
gravels for the benefit of Canadian min
ers and Canadian traders a bill will be
laid before you prohibiting the acqui
sition of placer claims by aliens.
1 regret that the past season has not
i een sful one for the salmon
canning industry of the Fraser River,
owing to a combination of adverse cir
i lunstances; but since our ocean wealth
i^ hi. great I can but hope that our fish
eries may in the ensuing season prove as
prolific and profitable to those engaged
in them as they have been in previous
years.
A great calamity visited the city of New
Westminster In the disastrous conflagra
tion In September last, but the energies and
courage of her citizens rose to the emer
gency and encouraged by the sympathy
and material assistance of the people of
all parts of Canada they put ffrth
such efforts as have already caused Wie
city to rise from Its ashes. \
You will be asked to pass legislation^
put the civic finances on such a stable
basis as will maintain the high reputa
tion of your royal city. With a view to re
move existing inequalities in the present
system of taxation measures will be sub
mitted to you for the remission of that
part of the tax on personal property com
monly known as the mortgage tax, and
for the repeal of the law requiring men
working in the mines for wages to hold a
free miner's certificate. Realizing the
advantages to be derived from an inex
pensive system of transfers of real estate
titles my government will lay before you
a bill to introduce into this province what
is known as the Torrens system of regis
tration, under such arrangements as will
make its adoption both convenient and
advantageous to the owners of the prop
erty.
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY (>, 1899.
necessary for our safety or even use
fulness, as are the Hawaiian Islands
or the Antilles. He says:
The scheme of annexation is simply a
weak imitation of the policy of European
monarchies, cone, ived in apparent ignor
ance or indifference respecting the vast
ly different conditions which have forced
th'ise powers into distant colonization.
Relative to the public ownership of
railways Governor Pingree says:
I most earnestly recommend that this
Legislature inaugurate a policy looking
to tlie ultimate purchase by the State or
all the railroads within its limits.
The Governor recommends that a
law be passed providing that all candi
dates for each elective office from Gov
ernor down to ward officers be nomin
ated by direct vote of the electors.
THE McCULLOCH
RETURNING HOME
Dispatch Boat Arrives
at Honolulu.
HAS MADE A GRAND RECORD
FOUGHT PLUCKILY IN THE
BATTLE OF MANILA.
Brings a Spanish Bronze Cannon to
Be Cast Into Medals for the
Aid of the Maine Monu
ment Fund.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, Dec. 30.— The revenue
cutter McCulloch, Captain C. L.
Hooper, arrived from Manila on the
28th, on her way to San Francisco.
Early in November she received orders
detaching her from the fleet and di
recting: her to resume her around-the
world cruise as a revenue cutter. Un
der Dewey's direction she was put into
as many Chinese and Japanese ports
as possible, "in order to show the flag."
She left Manila on November 16, Hong
kong on November 23 and Amoy on
November 26. At Amoy, described as
the dirtiest city in the world, the Chi
nese admiral of the province was enter
tained aboard her and saw for the lirst
time in his life modern guns. The Mc-
Culloch -was in Shanghai on December
1 and at Nagasaki on December 4. At
that time the treaty of peace had not
been signed, and the Japanese Govern
ment, treating her as a war vessel,
would not allow her to remain more
than twenty-four hours. Kobe and Yo
kohama were visited, and the vessel
sailed on December 16 from the latter
port after a stay of six days, reaching
here in fourteen days over perfectly
tranquil seas. She will remain but a
few days— just long enough to take on
about 200 tons of coal and to do some
painting.
When the McCulloch was detached
from Dewey's fleet the additional guns
that had been mounted on her were re
turned to the navy and their places
supplied by some guns taken from the
Reina Christina. One of these bears on
the crank handle marks of where it was
hit by American shot during the bat
tle.
On the forward deck is an old rifled
bronze cannon, bearing: the crown and
monogram of Isabella II of Spain It
is destined to be melted and cast into
medals for the benefit of the Maine
monument fund. In the captain's
cabin is a beautiful gold lined sliver
loving cup, presented to the vessel by
tho children of Hugh McCulloch
Five deep sea vessels arrived in port
yesterday. They were the Doric, from
the Orient; the W. F. Babcock from
Baltimore; the Diamond Head and
Willscott, from Nanaimo, and the W
H. Dimond, from San Francisco. The
Euterpe, from the coast, and the Kan
aura Maru from Yokohama are mo
mentarily expected. The Babcock
brings coal for the United States Gov
ernment, and is chartered to carry
sugar around the Horn.
The Doric brought 622 Japanese and
ninety-three Chinese for this port, be
sides a large quantity of merchandise
The decision in the Chinese habeas cor
pus cases has not yet been rendered,
and the fight will be resumed over the
Chinese who arrived to-day.
T.€sla Culprits Sentenced.
LTVERMORK, Jan. 2.— A. W Lewis,
"Jack" DaltOO and J. Jones, who wore
brought down from Tesla recently, were
sentenced to-day, Lewis to six months for
attempt at robbery, DHlton three months
for battery and Jones tony days for dis
turbing the peace.
HOW BRESMES
ESCAPED FROM
THE AMERICANS
Many CubaQS Believe That \\z
h|ad a \\ar)d in the De
struction of tfye
MaiQe.
O HAVANA, Jan. 5. — Interesting revelations concerning the flight O
O of Zacarias Bresmes, who is charged with complicity in destroying O
O the Maine, were made to-day. Bresmes was a magistrate in the pre- O
O liminary court, having been appointed by Weyler, one of whose crea- O
O tures he was. His position was one of considerable i sponsibility O
O and no salary, yet Bresmes was one of the most lavish spenders of O
© money in Havana. His manner of conducting his court had so long ©
© been a scandal that it ceased to attract special attention, and his in- O
© fluence was so great that it was known to be useless to attempt his O
O punishment. ©
© Cubans who were convinced of his criminality in connection with ©
O the destruction of the Maine remained silent, hoping to secure his O
O punishment after American occupation had been realized. O
O In the meantime the war was fought and the protocol signed, O
O and Bresmes then became nervous and began preparations for a trip O
O to Spain. O
O Judge Villalba, a Cuban who is both able and honest, then enter- O
O tamed charges against Bresmes on one of many cases. His action O
O rendered him liable to General Arolas, whose anxiety to place upon ©
O Captain Sigsbee the responsibility for the Maine's destruction made O
© him conspicuous last winter. Arolas interfered to save Bresmes, ©
O getting Blanco's ear, and persuaded the latter to order Villalba to send O
O all important papers relating to Bresmes to him and drop all proceed- O
O ings against him. Villalba refused to do this and defied both Arolas ©
O and Blanco, issuing an order for Bresmes' arrest. This was reported O
© at the palace and Blanco removed Bresmes from the danger of fall- Q
© ing into the hands of the Yankees by allowing him to go aboard the O
O transport Covadonga, on which he sailed for Spain, where he is now O
O in hiding. q
o o
oooooooooooeoooooooooooooooooooooo
SANTIAGO IS
NOW SATISFIED
Will Retain the Customs
Receipts.
WORK WILL BE CONTINUED
TAXATION WITHOUT REPRE
SENTATION NOT DESIRABLE.
Complaint Made That Havana Has
Tattened at the Expense of the
Whole Island of
Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, Jan. s.— The ex
planation of the War Department at
Washington of its intentions regarding
the transfer of customs receipts from
the different ports in Cuba to Havana
is met here by statements from the Cu
bans that the plan is similar to the one
adopted by the Spaniards, when requi
sitions on Havana obtained less than 6
per cent of what the requisition called
for. The merchants, business men and
influential people here say Havana has
grown rich and prosperous at the ex
pense of the rest of the island, and the
Cubans and governmental officials at
Santiago say the Cubans of Havana are
responsible for Major General Brooke's
order on this subject. The people here
add that the Havana Cubans are still
anxious to maintain the same system of
centralization of funds that was in
force before the American occupation.
A dispatch was received from Ha
vana to-day saying that the customs
receipts may remain in Santiago. The
effects of this information are good and
particularly so, so far as the laborers
are concerned.
Senor Bacardi, the Mayor, has as
sured the laborers that all work now in
progress will go on, and therefore
there is not likely to be any immediate
trouble. But educated Cubans, the
members of the San Carlos Club, the
Judges of the Supreme Court, the local
newspapers, and Cuban and foreign
merchants here agree that the situation
is substantially unchanged and that
any such projects as was originally out
lined simply means taxation without
representation. Their argument is that
General Brooke, residing at Havana,
will always be antagonistic to the in
terests of the province of Santiago and
likely to object to necessary expendi
ture iri-tL'is section. Prominent Cubans
emphatically assert that if a Cuban
Government should assume to issue
such an order — concentrating the cus
toms receipts at Havana — civil war
would break out immediately. It is
hoped that a civil government may be
established in every province, distinct
from the rule of the governor general,
who should be merely the military chief
of the island.
Dr. Castillo and Mayor Bacardi have
proved true in this crisis and have
urged the citizens to remain peaceful
while waiting the results of the visit of
General Wood and Dr. Castello to
Washington.
General Wood, accompanied by his
aid de camp, Lieutenant Hanna, and
Dr. Castello, representing the mer
chants and business men of this city,
left here for New York to-day on board
the United States transport Mississippi.
They were accorded an enthusiastic
send-off from the palace and during
their passage doVn Marian street to
the wharf. The municipal band pre
ceded General Wood, who was accom
panied by the Mayor and his staff and
large numbers of officers and Cubans,
who walked the entire distance amid
continuous applause and cheers for
General Wood.
The latter was deeply moved. There
■were between 5000 and 6000 persons in
the procession, and the women wept
and wished the general bon voyage.
Cuban gratitude was neveV more clear
ly expressed. Men, who a few weeks
ago were antagonistic to the American
commander, were to-day among his
most enthusiastic supporters.
The members of the Supreme Court
and the band of the Fifth Regular In
fantry were on board the auxiliary
gunboat Hist, which saluted the Mis
sissippi and bade her farewell In tho
usual manner. The Mississippi, which
was brilliantly decorated, was also aa
luted by the Punta Gorda batteries.
Dreyfus Is Very Sick.
LONDON, Jan. s.— The Daily Telegraph
this morning publishes a dispatch from
Cayenne, capital of French Guiana, South
America. RaylQf that former Captain
Dreyftw, now on Devils Island, has had
a serious attack of diarrhoea and a phy
sician has been summoned from Cayenne
to attend him.
ANTI-SEMITISM
IN NEW YORK
Former Rabbi Depre
cates Its Growth.
SAYS HEBREWS ARE ABUSED
ADDRESSES AN APPEAL TO THE
PRESIDENT.
Cites Instances Where Jews Have
Been Persecuted by Roughs,
While Police Refused
to Interfere.
Special Dlspetch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. s.— The alleged
anti-Semitic prejudice existing in this
country and displayed in a steady in
crease of acts of violence toward the
Jews in the poorer Quarters of Manhat
tan and Brooklyn, was made the sub
ject of a lengthy letter sent on New
Year's day to President McKinley by
Leopold Conn of Brooklyn. The writer
was once a Jewish rabbi, but was con
verted to Christian belief seven years
ago in this city and joined the Baptist
church. He is now conducting mission
ary work among the people of his race
and has charge of the interests of three
missions.
Mr. Cohn, in his communication to
the President, states that in the prose
cution of his missionary work he has
had continuously thrust upon his notice
the ever-increasing hatred displayed in
this city toward the Jew, until he has
found it his imperative duty to sound
a note of warning. The letter contin
ues:
Peaceful Jews walking the streets of
this city are habitually called by oppro
brious epithets or are loudly hooted and
insulted, as though they were mounte
banks or criminals, and when the threat
ening shout will not attract response
then the throwing of mud and stones is
resorted to, and, I repeat, not in an iso
lated Instance but constantly as the
weeks pass, and as a result of it many
persons have been injured, sometimes
seriously.
When a streetcar passes through the
Jewish quarter, hooting, hissing and call
ing of names from Its platforms are cus
tomary Incidents, and within these public
cara 1 have seen Jews pulled by the beard
and pushed from one man to another and
back again like a. football, in which horse
play the conductors have themselves par
ticipated, and in some cases, which 1 am
ready to prove, these actions have crip
pled the victims for life. A Jew with a
push cart is everywhere esteemed as a
legitimate object to be mobbed and
robbed.
On one occasion I saw a Jewish peddler
with horse and wagon set upon by a mob
of large boys with stones, the man trying
to protect himself by drawing his coat
over his head. On running to his defense
I was myself attacked; on appealing to a
group of citizens and admitting, upon
their questioning, that the victim was a
Jew, they laughed boisterously, adding,
with an evident sneer, that I was mysolf
of the same despised race; and upon my
then appealing to a policeman he coolly
replied, after great deliberation, that the
affuir was not on his beat. In the mean
time, with his head bleeding, the peddler
was driven from his wagon and the wagon
looted and overturned.
Another case, similar except that the
wares were scattered about the street,
though not stolen, occurred in front of the
Boys' High School, where young gentle
men are prepared for college at the public
expense, largely paid from Jewish taxes.
The aggressors were the students, and
the teachers viewed the scene from the
windows.
These incidents— a few selected from
many corning unsought under my personal
observation, must not be esteemed merely
as occasional disorders, liable to occur
under the best procurable condition, but
rather as manifestations of a prevalent,
widespread, deepening and expanding
public sentiment fraught with the gravest
consequences to the wellbeing of the na
tion.
Copies of the letter to the President
were sent to the Board of Education
and to Mayor Van Wyck by Mr. Cohn,
with the suggestion that the growing
taint of anti-Semitism be made the
subject of a series of lectures in the
schools.
Mr. Cohn said he did not expect re
plies to either of his letters, but intends
to address communications from time
to time to the leading men of the city-
State and nation, calling attention to
the threatening growth of anti-Semi
ism.
Gear Has an Amendment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Senator Gear
to-day grave notice of an amendment he
would offer to the Nicaragua canal bill,
authorizing the President to purchase
right of way for the canal from Costa
Rica and Nicaragua and providing for the
construction by the Government of the
United States. The amendment appro
priates 1140,000,000 for both purposes.
AGENTS OP CORRUPTION
AT WORK.
Continued from Third Page.
cused to-day on the matter and after a.
conference between committees of each
caucus the above resolution was agreed
to and will be adopted unanimously with
out debate to-morrow.
The Republicans, however, are not like
ly to be content with simply declaring
for the ratification of the treaty, and be
fore long they may be counted on to
bring up a strong indorsement of the ad
ministration and a definite declaration as
to the future of the Philippines, in which
event party lines will he strictly drawn.
TO IMPROVE THE
SACRAMENTO RIVER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. s.— Both Assembly and Sen
ate this morning gave hearty approval to
the work that has been done In the two
years by the Sacramento River Commis
sioners by adopting an Assembly con
current resolution calling upon Congress
to use every means to bring about the
execution of the plans prepared by the
commission for the improvement of the
river.
The commission as constituted at pres
ent was created in 1897 for the purpose of
deciding upon the best way of preserving
the Sacramento as a navigable stream,
and $300,000 was appropriated as a starter
for the work. After two years of almost
constant labor plans nave been drawn
which it is said solve the troublesome
problem. The resolution of approval
passed the Assembly without a dissenting
voice and was immediately sent to the
Senate, whe»e it was called up by Cutter
of Yuba, author of the original bill. It
passed the Senate as Quickly as In the
house, and is now in the hands ot
the Governor.
Its provisions are as follows:
\\ bi reas, the Sacramento River Commission,
ed of Federal engineers appointed by the
President of the United States, have, in ac
cordance with the duty devolved^ upon them,
reported to the Congress o£ the United states
a plan for the improvement of the Sacramento
Uiv.-r, which plan is now under consideration
by the Committee of Rivera an. l Harbors of the
douai entatlves; and
Whereas, the State of California has appro
priated the sum of $3uu,000, to be expended in
the Improvement and rectification of the navi
gable waterways of this State, and has thus
Shown its willingness to assist in the work so
Imperatively demanded by the needs of com
merce and which cannot with safety be longer
■1, and which of right ought to be un
dertaken and carried forward to completion
by the General Government; and
Whereas, the conditions of said river are
such that immediate action is necessary to
preserve it as a navigable stream for the pur
commerce.
Ived, by the Senate and Assembly of the
: California, Jointly, That our Senators
in Congress be instructed and i.ur Representa
tives be requested to use all honorable means
at their disposal to secure the execution of the
plans reported by the said Sacramento River
Commission, and to secure the appropriation
recommended by said commission for the pur
pose of carrying said plans into effect; and
that we dv further respectfully request the
said Committee on Rivers anil Harbors of the
entatlves to make the appro
:. recommended by said Sacramento
River Commission, conformably to their report
with the chief engineer of the United
States ("nriis of Knginr-tTP at "Washington.
Resolved, That the Governor be and he Is
hereby requested to cause a certified copy of
this resolution to be mailed to each of our
rs and Representatives in Congress and
m nd a <■ ipy thereof by telegram immediately
after the passage of this resolution to Hon.
T. K. Hurt m, chairman of the Committee on
aiv! Harbors of the House of Repre
sentatives at "Washington, D. C.
JUDGE E. C. HART
IS LYING VERY ILL
<\\L!\ UKADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 5. — A rumor was circulated
around the Btreeta to-night that E. C.
Hart, Superior Judge of this city and
county and secretary of the Republican
Central Committee, had suffered a para
lytic stroke and was lying at the point
of death at his residence, 2503 X street.
A Call correspondent visited the Judge's
home and was told that while he was ill
his condition was not as serious as had
been reported. His brother, S. R. Hart,
Btated that the Judge had been taken
sick three days ago, and although he
was in a weak condition he attended the
initial session o£ the Legislature and ad
ministered the customary oath. The at
tack was aggravated by a touch of rheu
matism, and he thought his brother
would not be out for a few days.
Another brother. Dr. A. C. Hart, is at
tending him, and every effort is being
made to alleviate his suffering. Judge
Hart has gained prominence not only on
the bench but as secretary of the local
State Central Committee. He has
worked hard for the party, and it is
d that his illness is the outcome of
his untiring efforts in its behalf. Gen
eral A, L. Hart, the well known attorney
now practicing in San Francisco, is also
his brother.
No More Work This Week.
CALL, , HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 5. — Beyond the passage of
the Printing Office emergency bill noth
ing whatever in the way of legislation
will be accomplished during the first week
of the sesion. As the Capitol building will
be in the hands of the inaugural ball com
mittee all day Monday the Legislature
will adjourn over from Saturday till Tues
day. It would adjourn from Friday to
Tuesday were it not that it is prohibited
from adjourning over three days.
The majority caucus to-day decided
that no bills would be allowed to be intro
duced before 2 p. m. next Tuesday, con
sequently the sessions to-morrow and Sat
urday will amount to nothing more that
formal rollcalls with the possible adop
tion or rejection of a few unimportant
resolutions.
Condition of Sick Statesmen.
WASHINGTON, Jan. s.— Ex-Secretary
of State John W. Foster was somewhat
worse to-day, a restloss and nervous con
dition during the night contributing to
make him weaker. The loss of strength,
however, is not so radical as to occasion
any immediate alarm, and his tempera
ture is reported this forenoon not to have
been affected. To-day he is resting easily
and gained a little rest during the fore
noon.
Hon. Wayne MaeVeagh Is gaining
steadily and is convalescing.
Turkish Newspapers.
Forty years ago there were only two
rs in Constantinople, viz., the official
Takvim-Vekai (register of events) and
the Djeridei Vavadis" (the list of news 1
_^__ ADVERTISEMENTS.
-n-B-H-B-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-H— B-
MAKESJVIEN !
Electricity Restores Health
and Power to Weak Men
V \^yiL ".-^{f Because It
W^M^tlJ^^W^i Warms the Blood I ,
4^/i Will stops the Wastel
wi^^^^#sll Gives Snap and Vim!
I- - r^ s ~^~*y& ' ' r'" . ' ,. It , 13 , the STeat man builder. Dr.
~ ' / V,' ; < \\S'7iW&\ '}\\' Sanden's Klectric Belt pours Electric
/■ / 1 \ N I!ft ' lnto tne nerves and vital parts
/ \\\ while the patient sleeps. Its effect 18
/ I ' magical. It quickly gives a brace to
the nerves, developing In them and in
cure all those ailment, ■ '■-■'■ men. It makes the blood a grand force of life. It will
cure all those ailments of men. It makes life -worth living.
«iit« ii«° r,i^ V .f seed and failed to get relief you should try this famous Belt It
i " ■ « ii / e- and that la what >' ou want - Call or send for m y book about It,
elotely bealed, free. If you write, direct to the manager.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, * — — *
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny. Ban Traseisst. NQT IN D^ STORES -
Offlce hours. Sa.n,to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, u ""' '" "!!!!£ ilUn "'
■ ■ lIMII ■■■■■■■ pi ■■ ■ ■
The latter was edited by Mr. Churchill,
and as I happened to be one of the con
tributors I remember well the excitement
of Aali Pasha, the then Minister of For
eign Affairs, on finding an opinion ex
pressed about some political Question of
the day. "Am lor Mr. Churchill the
Minister of Turkey?" exclaimed the
Pasha, and similar declarations had to be
strictly avoided.
To-day there are many large daily pa
pers, and. although muzzled by a rigid
censure, they still go on fairly, and some
of them, as the Tkdam (application). The
Terujumani Hakikat (the interpreter of
truth) and Sabah (morning) have a con
siderable number of readers. The Turks
have, besides, weekly and monthly pa
pers, treating literary, philosophic ana
philological topics, and, what I* certain
ly most astonishing, they have got illus
trated papers— pictures of living objects
were formerly looked upon as a deadly
sin— and last, not least, a ladies paper
called Khanimlara MakhSUS Gazeta, as
well as a juvenile paper called Sibyaa
Bazetasi.— A. Yambcrg in Literature.
ANDREW JACKSON'S LIBRARY,
Autograph Letter of Byron at trie
Hermitage.
Throe members of the board of directors
of the Ladies' Hermitage Association
visited the Hermitage yesterday for the
purpose of consulting- with Mrs. Rachel
Jackson Lawrence concerning; the relir
ting of thp library adjoining General
Jackson's bedroom. The books belonging
to the Jackson library comprise works of
fiction, history, biography, travel, poems,
and are, in fact, a very interesting and
valuable collection of miscellaneous
works. There are enough to fill the five
book casts purchased. In looking over
the collection yesterday the ladies were
attracted to a handsomely bound copy
of Byron's poems, and, opening it, found
therein the following very interesting
genuine autograph letter from Lord By
ron himself. It is pasted by one edge in
the front fly leaves of the book, and has
been carefully preserved all these many
years. The volume of poems has written
on the fly leaf the name of "R. E. AY".
Earle, New Orleans, January 8. 1.828."
The letter is very interesting and is as
follows:
"Sir: In various numbers of your jour
nal I have ."•>< <i mentioned a work entitled
'The Vampire,' with the addition of my
name as that of the author. I am not the
author, and never heard of the work in
question until now. In a more receni
paper I perceive i formal annunciation,
of 'The Vampire.' with the addition of an
account of my n n the 'Island of
Mltylene,' an Island whirh 1 have occa
sionally sailed by in the coutse of travel
ing some years ago through the Levant,
and where I should have no objections to
reside, but where, i have never yet re
sided. Neither of these performances are
mine, and I presume that it is neither
unjust nor ungracious to request that you
will favor me by contradicting the adver
tisement to which I allude If the book is
clever, it would be hard to deprive the
real writer, whoever he may bo, of his
honors, and if stupid. I desire the respon
sibility of nobody's dullness but my own.
♦ * *" Will excuse the trouble I give you.
The imputation is of no great importance,
and as long as it was confined to surmise
and reports, I should have received it as
I have received many others, in silence,
but the formality of a public advertise
ment of a book r never wrote, and a resi
dence where I never resided, is a little too
much, particularly as I have no notion of
the contents of the one nor the incidents
of the other.
"I have a personal dislike to vampires,
and the little acquaintance I have with
them would by no means induce me. to
divulge their secrets. You did me a much
1. v injury by your paragraph about my
devotion and abandonment of society for
the sake of religion, which appeared in
your 'Messenger' during last Lent, all or
which are not founded on fact, but you
see I do not contradict them, because
they are merely personal; whereas, the
others, in some degree, confuse the read
er You will Oblige me by complying with
my request of contradiction. I assure
you that I know nothing of the work or
"works in question, and have the honor
to be (as the correspondents to magazine 3
say) your constant reader and very obedi
ent 'humble servant.' ±51±ujjn.
•"I M^sie^Galignani. 18 Rue Vivienne,
Paris."— Nashville Banner.
The Lady and the Lion.
It is without a doubt a comforting re
flection thai we of the nosing nineteenth
century have emerged from the unsightly
chrysalis of an earlier stage and that the
demoralizing gladiatorial shows of the
Roman arena, round which thronged un
emancipated mankind in its thousands to
witness bloody struggles between man
and man and listen in rnpture to the
dying roars of mangled beasts, are the all
but forgotten remnants of the various
hours of a darker ace.
Yet even now a Danish lady has been
"doing immense business" at Ear! s
Court by thrusting her head within the
open jaws of a fierce lion, while others
of these terrible brutes are made by this
dauntless Amazon to leap over flaming
bars and to fire toy pistols. And one of
these days the end will come. The lady
will lose her nerve; one of the lions will
note the change; and there will be a panic
of horror-stricken spectators, who, if
they could l.'it own it. came in the half
whispered hope of something sensational,
something over and above the "triumph
of mind over matter" promised in return
for their shekels.— The Saturday Review.
England's Postage Stamps.
For the imperial penny postage to
come into operation on Christmas day it
is not Intended to produce any special
stamp, and Somerset House can meet the
increased demand out of Its large reserve.
The Controller is authorized by law to
keep a stock of £10,000.000 worth in the
various strong rooms on the Thames em
bankment, and, lest the outbreak of a fire
should by any mischance destroy the
stock, they are divided among several
separate parts of the gr^at building, just
as it is usual to separate a stock of gun
powder into several small detachments.
The explosion of a powder magazine
would create hardly more topsy-r;rvy!ng
in the world around than a general flare
up of our whole stock of postage stamps.
Postage stamps are not made at Somerset
House, though at one time they were all
brought there to be perforated. De la
Rue & Co. are the contractors. Our pres
ent set of stamps were adopted in Janu
ary. ISS7. and no forgeries have ever yet
been known— London News.
Copper Roofing.
Conner has been used for roofing very
little in this country. Tn New York there
are a few buildings having copper roofs.
Tho best known is Trinity Church, in
Broadway, opposite Wall street, which
was built over fifty yean atro. The Sun-
Treasury building in Wall street also has
a copper roof. Both have lasted many
years with very little repair. Copper
has been used in Europe from the earliest
times, and it far outlasts lead or any
other metallic roofing, but the other
metals answer the purpose and are
cheaper, so ar>> more generally used.
Tin plate is the metal roofing most
largely in use. Zinc Is also used, though
to a much less extent. Lead was much
used in former times, hut it Is heavier
and not as durable as copper.BURNS' HIRELING
CONFESSES TO
HIS PERJURY
Joseph Wood Tells How the Would-
Be Senator Led Him to
Crime.
He Was to Have Free Touting Privileges at
Oakland Track for His False Testimony.
Porter Ashe's Redhot Answer
to Leon Dennery.
DANIEL M. BURNS and Mose Gunst
from its incep
tion making the fight by which Leon
es to steal the seat of
rti r Ashe In the Slate Senate, and
v an pursuing are char
: bribery, cheap per
and every other of the favorite
by this unholy duo in its
political light have been in full action
le past three weeks, and but for the
f their star witnesses had
he stomach to hold to the lie they
hatched for him success might have
: norts.
The entln vile scheme in all its de
spired in this city yesterday,
when Justices of the Peace Kerrigan and
zin'ger, .sitting in bank, heard the
imony in the contest filed by
St his successful opponent.
ph Wood was placed on the stand
in the morning and gave damning cvi
■ against Senator Ashe. lie was
ud to the most rigorous cross-ex
ation in the afternoon, when he
broke down completely and gave to the
and the attorneys at the bar de
::i all their completeness of a sys
lc scheme of crookedness that tends
as much as anything since this tight of
fan to expose to the public its
loniness.
Joseph Wood, the witness, was placed
the stand to give testimony that
warrant the court in reporting
against Ashe to the Senate, and upon his
direct examination he told a most plaus
ible tale, lie said that when the cam
opened he had been approached
..son brothers, who own a cigar
"ii O'Farrell and Stockton streets.
■ . by them to take full charge
she's campaign advertising. T!.
: that he spent
she's behalf more money by several
red dollars than the law alloy.
He told other things of similar import,
most telling evidence he gave was
on one occasion when Ashe was
g with political friends he had
him put up a job that resulted in
ting m .the Twenty-fourth District
. tion day. Ashes scheme, he said.
■ to precipitate a row In the heart
onery's stronghold in order that the
Lng might be kept there while
• iuietly worked the rest of the dis
trict.
id expatiated upon every detail, and
: bis t< Btlmony Ashe's friends
. to him at Sacramento to return to
:: he would save
Ashe came to the city, arriv
ist in time to hear fr^m Wood's lips
Cession of his perjury and his
• ment that he was to be paid
Tor his knavery by Dan M. Burns.
. When the cross-examination was begun
moon Wood clung to his story
of the morning for a time, but careful
■ -Moped the fact that,
b well drilled in th . story,
d in its details, ;;.!!•: Una!
: mise and came
out with the bald truth.
In plainest English, and with n>> hitch-
Dennery*s
• was made certain Wood had been
Barron,' an adherent.
nnery ' and a henchman and faro
■lank capper for. Mose Gunst. Barron
tiim that he would hear something
to! his advantage by going with him to
iffice "f "Windy" Powers, an attor-
D the Nevada block, and \V«>od acted
;he advice. Powers- questioned him
y enough to learn that he w..
ort of stuff that Burns uses in poli
and sent him at once with Barron to
Burns 1 apartments in the Palace Hotel.
There Wood found the- Alcalde and
'Gunst closeted together, and upon being
by Barron the party at once
■vii to business. Burns did the
.talking, Gunst the explaining.
. Wood" was told just what he was to !
X hen Dcnnory's suit came in the
• . He was told that if he would tell j
Ithe tale he gave at the hearing he would I
lose nothing by it. He was promised in
return for his perjured testimony "the
.'privilege of rustling at the Oakland race
ira<k."
This promise was made him by Dan M.
Burns.
id asked his purchasers what was
• by the ■ term "rustling." Both
.Burns and Gunst replied that he should
. have for life and free of all restrictions
t-he right to tout during the racing sea-
Kon. and that he would be given ex
traordinary opportunities for pros<- cu ting
■farious concession promised him
ASHE EXCORIATES BURNS.
Replies to Leon Dennery's Contest of
His Election.
R. Porter Ashe has filed his answer to
.Leon Dennery's statement of his ground
of contest for the Senatorship of the'
'Twenty-fourth District,, and for various
reasons specifically set forth he asks
for a dismissal of the same. In his al
legations Ashe pours some hot shot into
Dan Burns, who has the presumption to
aspire to be "United States' Senator, and
that Burns, together with Mose
<Junst and Thomas Williams Jr., were
"the political and social friends, patrons,
followers, partisans and supporters of
Pennery," and. that they "aided and
abetted him" In •irregularities and viola
tions of the law.
Ashe further states that a number of
police officers, under one Sergeant Shea,
refused to perform their, sworn duty to
fetQP numerous and open violations of the
■ election laws, and particularly failed to
arrest the ruffianly frionrl« of Dennery,
who were assaulting peaceable citizens
before the eyes of said officeis.
This failure to perform '.heir official
duty on the part of said officers was
■I and brought about, declares,
by the influence of Danle^ Burns, ex
;i;misFioner; : . Moses A. Gunst,
present Police Commissioner of this city
and count; ..jh W. Lees, Chief of
Police thereof, and that these la.st three
named persons openly and avowedly fa
vored, befriended and advocated the elec
tion of Dennery.
Ashe also accuses members of the Fire
Department of crowding into the election
booth in the Eleventh Precinct of the
Forty-third Assembly District and there
by impeding, obstructing and preventing
friends and supporters of Ashe from en
tering the booth to observe and watch the
counting of the ballots. They did this by
reason of a promise made by Dennery
that he would, if elected, introduce a bill
increasing the pay of the members of the
department. In this precinct Ashe
sets forth that more than twenty votes
were fraudulently taken by the t-lection
officers from him (Ashe) and counted for
Dennery.
Ashe further alleges in his answer that
ambers of the Police J^epart
ment—Serreant John B. Martin, George
Douglass, Dan Sylvester ariu Patrick Sul
livan — openly chan^oned -he cause of
Dennery; that they Intimidated and ter
d the voter* of said Senatorial dis
trict, thereby trying to induce aaid voters
to desert the cause of Ashe and espouse
the cause of Dennery; that lor one month
prior to the election said J. B. Martin
while In uniform and on duty accom
panied Dennery through the district, vis
ited saloons and during all hours of the
and alffbt gave out cards bearing
J tennery's name and kept an ample- sup
■i said cards in a store in said dia
that Douglass, SullKan and Sylves
ter threatened voters who depended upon
their, daily earnings for a live'<hood with
arrest and future prosecutions on the
; charge of vagrancy if said voters con
! tinued to advonte the election of R.
. Porter Ashe.
All fucli unlawful acts Ashe declares
; committed by Bald officers with full
knowledee and express consent of Chief
Lees and Police ' ommlssloner Gunst.
Ashe alleges that hennery spent large
I sums of money over and above the sum
: allowed by law to be expended by a can
: dldate for Senator, and has promised
other valuable considerations tn induce
voters to vote for him; that Dennery
■ paid or promised to pay one Why Levi
\ son, who was expelled from Fresno by a
vigilance committee and is now under in -
; dlctment for manslaugiiter in Portland
Or., the sum of JSOO, which was expended
in said district for furthering th« election
of Dennery. Ashe further avers that
numbers of free tickets to the Oak
land racetrack were distributed by Den
nery, and said racetrack is controlled by
Thomas H. Williams Jr.. Moses A. Gunst
and Daniel ..urns; that Dennery also
1 promised to obtain employment in Golden
Park for electors in the Twenty
rtrlct as an inducement to vote
for him; that Moses A. Gunst Bpent the
sum of $SOO for the hiring of twenty-one
vehicles to parade the streets of San
Francisco for two days prior to the elec*
tion with the name of Leon Dennery in
large letters.
Each and every allegation made by
•ry in his complaint is denied by
who alleges that if any Irregulari
ties on the part of election officers did
occur on election day they were com
d in the interest of Dennery himself.
Ashe lays particular stress on the fact
■ that a great number of Dennery's friends
composed of ex-convicts, prize fighters
thugs, plug-uglies and other dissolute
characters, prevented a fair and impar
tial counting of the votes and caused
many of them to be counted for Dennery
which were cast for Ashe. Further that
respectable people who were Ashe's snp
ers were bullied, brow-beaten and in
sulted by said gang, including L. Stern
berg, lately pardoned from Polsom. where
hr was serving a term for false registra
! tion. "Jim" Gallagher, killed in a drunken
l.mwl on New Year's day, and "Billy"
I.evison. ___________^_
BANQUET IN HONOR
OF J. F. FUGAZI
EXTENDED BY THE ITALIAN
CITIZENS.
Has Been Nominated as a Cavalier by
the King of Italy — Many Promi
nent Quests Present.
A sumptuous banquet was tendered J.
F. Fugazi at the Commercial Hotel last
evoninp. It was in recognition of the dis
tinction of honor recently conferred upon
hjm by the Kins? of Italy. J. C. Sala act
ed as toastmaster, and the following gen
tlemen responded to toasts: Dr. G. E.
Cagllerl, Dr. J. Pescia. G. Calegaris, I. W.
Hellman, E. C. Palinleri. A. D. Splivalo,
G. G. Caglieri, Ing. E. Patrizi. S. Roman),
James A. Devoto, J. A. Spinettl, W. De
martini, P. Barbieri and P. A. Morblo.
Mr. Fugazi has recently been nominated
a Cavalier by the King of Italy. It is
seldom that Americans are remembered
by European monarchs, but the gentle
man, in consideration of the respect in
which he is held by the Italian community
of San Francisco, and even of California,
has fallen under the good graces of the
King. About a month ago he visited
Italy, and while there presented the King
with many souvenirs of California, In
appreciation of this, his Majesty, in ad
dition to the distinction already conferred,
forwarded a handsome cigarette case,
bearing the royal coat of arms. This was
exhibited last r.ight at the banquet.
Among those present were:
A. Fodera, E. C. Palmieri, J. C. Sala. F.
Cavagnaro, Dr. J. Peseta, I)r. C. Barsotti. Dr.
<i. EL Caslieri. Dr. L. Olivierl. I. \V. Hellman,
W. H. Snerlaker. D. W. Hitchcock, G. G. Cag
lieri, V. Caglieri, Jfx* i.'unco. G. Costa, G.
Baclgalupi, G. Traccherl, G. Cuneo, G. Cale
gariß, F. Lelro, P. Lappettini, L. A. Albora,
A. Molronl, L.. Dl Grazia, A. D. Splivalo. O.
< "adenasso, A. Qullicl, Ama'leo Petri, Angelo
Petri, K. Petrl, J. Spir^ul, Dr. K. 11. Torello,
A. Chichizola, F. N. Belgrano, P. lilagi, M. L.
Peraaso, James A. Devoto, J. F. Cavagnaro,
Walter Demartini, T. Lucchetti. P. Simi, G.
B. Levaggi, P. A. Morbio, S. Gioml, G. Big
notti, B. 15. Fugazi, Captain L. Kaglletti, P.
HarWerl, G. Musso, L. Roman!, R. Vannuccl,
V. 1 ipvoto, Pletro Rossi, Ouido Almagta, V.
Davalle, C. Guintini, C. Derrlco. K. I'arodi, F.
fngaretti, O. Barbagelata, F. Arata, R. Alle
grini, G. Cincotta, N. Foppiano, L. Luporinl,
E. Untl and G. Valvo.
J. F. Fugazi has been a railroad and
steamship ticket agent for twenty years
past in this city.
St. Alban's Guild Entertains.
An entertainment under the auspices of
St. Alban's Guild was given at the Long
worth Hotf>l, 510 Geary street, last even-
Ing. The programme consisted of an in
strumental duet by the Misses Daggett
and McDonald: vocal solo, Mr. Kneise;
recitation. Miss McAllister; coon song,
Mi^s Alice Shanabrook, and Hawaiian
songs by Miss Roberson Mrs. Roelfs,
Miss Daggett and Mr. Campbell. The en
tertainment wa? concluded with dancing.
Unknown Man Injured.
An unknown man fell from the hay loft
in Steiger's stable on Merchant street,
near East, shortly after 11 o'clock last
night. He was picked up and taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where It was
found that he had sustained a fracture
of the skull. He will die.
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
Mary Rivers Tries to End Her Life
With Sulphonal, but Will Recover.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— Mary Rivers, a
girl 21 years of age, living with her
parents, attempted to commit suicide late
last night by taking a dose of sulphonal.
The girl retired as usual at about 10
o'clock and did not appear nervous or
excited. At about midnight her parents
heard groans in her room and found the
girl lying in an unconscious condition.
She was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where she regained consciousness.
She admitted having taken the poison
with suicidal intent, but will give no rea
son. She will recover.
A Dairyman's Escape.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Two highwaymen
attempted to hold up Percy Lee, a Clare
tnont dairyman, near the corner of Six
teenth and Magnolia streets to-night.
One grabbed the bridle while the other
made an attempt to reach the seat. Lee,
however, whipped up his horse desper
ately and managed to frustrate their plan
and escaped unscathed physically and
financially. Both men wore masks, and
long overcoats, and, as usual, one was a
tall fellow and the other short.
Tolstoi May Be Banished.
LONDON. Jan. 6.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Pally News mentions a
rumor from St. Petersburg that Count
Leo Tolstoi will be banished for cham
pioning the cause cf the dissenters, who
are being persecuted Into wholesale emi
gration from the Caucasian districts,
mostly for Canada, whither one of Tols
toi's sons is going to inspect land that has
been acquired for the emigrants.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
SUDDEN DEATH OF AN
OLD-TIME MERCHANT
JOHN L BARDWELL, One of the Park Benefactors,
Found Dead in Bed.
JOHN L. BARDWEIL, a retired merchant of this city, was found dead in bpd
yesterday afternoon in his room in the Hughes House, 214 Third street. The
Japanese servant went to his room at 12:45 p. m., and, receiving no reply
to his knocking, informed the landlord. The door was forced, and Bardwell's
dead body was found lying in bed disrobed and under the covers.
The last time that Bardwell was seen alive was on the evening before, and at
that time he was in good health and spirits. The room was undisturbed and
there was every indication that Mr. Bardwell passed away quietly in his sleep
from a stroke of heart disease. Mr. Bardwell was a native of Springfield,
Mass., and was 67 years old. Twenty years ago he retired from business, since
which time he has been leading a quiet life in this city. While he did not
dabble in politics, he took a lively interest in public affairs in the direction of
affording entertainment and instruction for the poor, whose playground is Golden
Gate Park. In order to add to the utility and attractiveness of that popular
resort, he made gifts of valuable curios to the Park Museum, and those gifts
are among the most appreciated in that department. He amused his declining
years by collecting curios, and the room in which he died is full of them. He
left no family, hut is believed to have a sister in Massachusetts. It is believed
that he owned considerable property, both real and personal, and it will be taken
In charge by the Public Administrator.
CHRISTMAS BOXES
DID NOT REACH MANILA
Presents for the Tenth Pennsylvania
Boys Said to Be Held in
This City.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. s.—Representa
tive Acheson has been requested to ask
the War Department to ascertain why
Chistmas boxes sent members of the loth
Pennsylvania Volunteers at Manila are
Still at San Francisco. The Boxes were sent
from here November 1, and a telegram
from Quartermaster Long of the Pa
cific Coast stated they had been shipped
to Manila in a Government vessel on No
vember 19. It has since been learned that
the boxes are in warehouses in San Fran
cisco. Relatives and frieuils of the sol
diers who did not receive their Christmas
remembrances are very angry.
LEWIS OBRIN SHARP DEAD.
Sudden Passing of One of Madera's
Foremost Citizens.
MADERA, Jan. s.— Lewis Orrin Sharp ]
died at his home here early this morning ;
of heart trouble. Mr. Sharp was one of
the pioneers of this vicinity, having set
tled in Madera In 1880. He waa the father
of L. W. Sharp, one of the owners of the
Madera Weekly Tribune. Since he took
up his residence here he has been identi- )
fled with almost every public movement in
the history of the town. Although a
stanch Republican, he was appointed I
Postmaster in 18S8 under the adminlstra- >
tion of President Cleveland, holding the
office by reappointment throughout Harri
son's term.
Mr. Sharp was on the street yesterday,
and, as far as he or any one else knew,
he was enjoying his usual health. He at
tended a funeral in the afternoon, at j
which he was one of the pallbearers.
After spending a pleasant evening with |
several friends at his home he retired at
his usual time. At about midnight he waa
awakened by abnormal palpitation of the
heart and before medical assistance could
bo summoned he died. He was 59 years j
of age, and leaves a widow, three sous ■
and two daughters.
New Fast Mail Service.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 6.— The new fast
mail train from the East arrived on time
at 645 o'clock to-night over the O. R, and
N. f making the time between New York
and Portland 95 hours and 5o minutes.
MAY UPSET THE
BOTKIN VERDICT
Man and Wife From Los Angeles
Who Can Give New Testi
mony as to Candy.
O SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6. — There is in Sacramento to-day a pen- Q
O tleman and his wife from Los Angelea, who, if what they say Is true, Q
O may be the means of upsetting the verdict in the Botkin case. As the Q
O story is told to-night it appears that this gentleman and his wife O
O were in San Francisco on the day that the box of candy which was O
O used as the vehicle for conveying the poison to Mrs. Dunning and O
O her sister in Dover was purchased at Haas' candy store. q
O It will be remembered the candy girls identified Mrs. Botkin as O
O the person who purchased the candy, and also that the box in which O
O the candy was packed was of a special make and was the only one O
O of the kind sold on that day. It now appears that the Los Angeles O
O gentleman and wife purchased candy at Haas' store on the day in O
O question, and that they assert it was packed in a box identical with O
O .that which contained the poisoned candy. If this be so, it sets up O
O the doubt as to whether the candy girls did not confound Mrs. Bot- O
O kin with the Los Angeles lady, and their identification of Mrs. Bot- O
O kin was therefore a mistake and therefore valueless as evidence. These Q
O facts were learned at a late hour to-night and no opportunity to ver- ©
O ify them can be had until to-morrow* O
o o
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
This is a reduction of fifteen hours over
tlu- former schedule. It is understood that
the O. R. and N. will make a further re
duction of one hour in the time between
Huntingdon and Portland during the next
month.
EMIR FEDIL ESCAPED.
But Five Hundred of His Followers
Were Killed.
LONDON. Jan. s.— Particulars regard
ing the recent battle on the Blue Nile
have been received in a dispatch from
Cairo to the Exchange Telegraph Com
pany. Colonel Lewis, it appears, when he
routed Emir Fedll, the last remaining
Dervish chief, killed f>oo of his followers
and made many prisoners. The Emir,
however, succeeded in escaping.
Only One Winning Favorite.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. s.— Showery;
track heavy. Belle of Memphis was the
only winning favorite. Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Belle of Memphis
won, Bams-h yecond, David third. Time, 1:31.
Second race, s<ix furlongs, selling— Moroni
won, Minnie \v>ldon second, Henrlca third.
Timp, 1:!»; 3 4 .
Third race, mile and a quarter, selling—Pos
sum won. Babe Fields second, Lakeview Palace
third. Time, < J:1" I A .
Fourth race, one mile, celling— Guide Rick
won, Hasqull second, Plnkey Potter third
Time, 1:45.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards— Oxnard
won. Dalgretti second, School Girl third. Time,
Unique Turf Organization.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 5.— A unique turf
organization haa been formed by E. A.
Tipton, recently manager for Marcus
Daly in Montana and one time secretary
of the Lexington Association, and W. B.
Fasig. secretary of Charter Oak Park, at
Hartford, C'nnn. A corporation will be
formed, known as the Fasig-Tipton Com
pany. It will engage in the sale of horses,
but its specialty will be the managf-m.-nt
of races. It will take the responsibility
and entire management of races when
ever and wherever desired, whether at a
big county fair or on the grand circuit.
To Command the Shamrock.
LONDON, jan. s.— Sir Thomas Lipton
informs the Associated Press that he has
finally sisnerl agreements with Captains
Archie Hogarth, formerly of the Islode,
and Robert Wrlnge, to command the
America's cup challenger Shamrock
Wringe succeeded Captain Sicamora iii
command of the Ailsa.
ANOTHER DAY
FOR BACKERS
OF FAVORITES
Horses Ran to Form
at Oakland.
CODA WAS A REAL SURPRISE
DOWNED A BIG FIELD AT LONG
ODDS.
Ridden to Perfection by Charley-
Gray — It Was Piggott's Day
to Shine — Piloted Three
of the Winners.
Horses that were slow beginners got
very little of the money at Oakland yes
terday. The going was good and bad In
spotn, and the horse that hit the stretch
in front, securing the dry
usually had Its number hoistprt on
top. Early in the day the talent
pronounced the card a hard one to beat,
but such it did not prove to be. Favor
ites annexed four purses and Joe Plggott
made himself popular by piloting three
of the winning horses. Coda, against
which 15 to 1 was laid, escaped with the
last event.
The educated division all backed Cash
S'luari'p, mount, Don Gara, in the opening
six-furlong sprint, getting aboard at 4 to
1. Cash soon had the brown horse in
front and won witii an expansive grin on
his face. Gratify, closing equal favorite
in the ring with the winner, was a handy
second over Grandezia.
In the six-furlong spin that followed
Horatio, with Piggott up, looked to out
class his company, and 7 to 10 seemed a
liberal quotation. He swerved badly
through the stretch, but under forcible
persuasion administered by his rider
eventually landed the purse six lengths
ahead of Sevoy. Paul Kruger, a 100 to 1
shot, took the show.
Tom Ryan tossed Goal Runner back In
the five-furlong scramble next decided,
but he proved a poor repeater. He was
well backed, but was raced to pieces the
first part. Rey Hooker, the favorite, rid
den by Piggott, finished gamely, experi
encing no difficulty in downing Good Hope
a couple of lengths. Malay was a stylish
looking third.
The mile selling: affair for three-year
'< olds furnished a disappointment in Cross
moiina. The brown lilly liad a decided
• il In the betting, and though she made
a strong bid when the dryer footing was
reached, had to lower her colors to Dun
praise, a 7 to 1 shot, piloted by Piggott.
I'lm, the second choice, wretchedly rid
den by Woods, finished third.
Jockey Woods redeemed himself by a
clever bit of horsemanship In the mile
Belling run that followed. He sat astride
Mamie G, which mare receded in the bet
ting from evens to 3 to 1, and, heading
hia field in tho run home, got the verdict
from Dr. Bernays by a head. Stamina
became anchored in the deep going next
tin' rail, finishing third.
For the conducing sprint over the Fu
turity course I, a Maroma. the mount of
PfKgott, ruled favorite. The Baldwin filly
led into the stretch, but was outsprinted
and led past the stand ny Coda, a despised
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, Jan. 5, 1 899.— Thirty-third
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track heavy.
J. A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-:
; purse, $350.
1
Index Horse. Age. Weight.:
Ist.
54m.
54m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
C. Sl<>an
452 Don Gara, 6 112 j 3 ... 12 14 ... 11 C. Sloan 2 2
44') Gratify, 6 109 1 ... .4 54 4 4 ... 2 4 Turner 7-5 2
;■ I Granrlt-zia, 5 109 2 ... 2 4 2 1 ... 3 h Hennessy 15 20
43.1 Averlne, 4 ln» S ... 2 2 3 1 ... 4 2 iPowell 15 15
444 Baliverso, 4 106 7 ... 654 6 2 ... 6 2 W. H. Martin 12 S
... Bobbins. 6 109 9 ... 854 6 2 ... 6 4 O'Neil £0 60
445 Eventide. 6 107 6 ... 754 7 1 ... 7 2 Beauchamp .. 30 20
4f,4 Goethe, 4 109< 5 ... 9 8 2 ... 8 3 Piggott 6 8
337 Tobey, a IK' 4 ... 6 1 9 3 ... 9 2 W. Dean 20 40
... Billy Mi-Closkey, 6. .112 10 ... 10 10 4 ... 10 4 W. Narvaez.. 30 60
... Mischief, 4 109 11 ... 1110 1115 ... 1115 J. Power 15 30
467 Peixotto 11. 5 109 '12 ... 12 12 12 Vlckrey 20 40
.-■ :51V: %. 1:19. Winner, El Molina Stable's br. h. by Rathbone-Miss
Melbourne, G".>d start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Don Gara won with a "to let" Bijjn out. Gratify held his own. Grandezta showed
some old form. Averlne was a water front tip. The others lost in the mud.
Scratched — Flambeauettte 107.
Turner
Hennessy
Powell
W. H. Martin
O'Nell
Beauchamp . .|
Piggott
W. Dean
W. Narvaez..
J. Power
2
7-5
15
15
12
20
30
6
20
30
15
20
Vlckrey |
Yf\ SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
Km.
Str.
Jockeys.
•ting.
Cl.
409 Horatio, 5 112;
404 Sevoy, 4 106 j
427 Paul Kruger. 4 100
445 McFarlane, a 110
439 Peru 11, a 112
439 Scintillate, 4 104
... Simmons, a 11l
... The Plunger, 4 109
450 Bessie Lee, 4 105
403 Horatio, 6 112 2 ... 11 154 ... 16 Piggott 7-10 3-5
404 Sevoy, 4 106 5 ... 3 2 2 2 ... 2 1 'Gray 8 15
427 Paul Kruger. 4 100 6 ... 854 454 ... 3 2 iFailehy 20 100
445 McFaiiane, a 110 1 ... 6h 55a ••• 4 1 iw. Dean 4 7
439 Peru 11. a 112 3 ... 554 7 4 ... 6 3 W. Narvaez.. 20 60
439 Scintillate, 4 101 9 ... 9 8 1 ... 6 2 Powell 30 25
... Simmons, a 11l 8 ... "54 6 2 ... 7 8 C. Sloan 6 10
... The Plunger, 4 109 7 ... 24 354 ... 8 6 Hennessy .... 15 40
4">o Bessie Lee, 4 105 4 454 9 9 Thorpe 6 9-2
Time— U. :25%; 54, :B0'4; %. I:lS<4. Winner, H. Diamond's ch. h. by imp. Midlothian-
Lurllne. Good start. Won easily. Second anrl third driving.
Horatio swerved all over the stretch. Piggott gave him a thorough dusting with the bat.
Paul Kruger shows Improvement. McFarlane prefers sloppy footing. Simmons had speed
for a quarter. Bessie Lee was backed by smart ones.
Scratched— Henry C 109, Cappy 107, Corriente 107, Carrie U 107, Major B 109, Edgemount
109, Tony Llcalzl 106.
; ; Piggott
iGrav
Failehy
W. Dean
W. Narvaez..
7-10 3-5
8 15
20 100
4 7
20 50
30 25
6 10
15 40
6 9-2
Powell
C. Sloan
IHennessy
[Thorpe
A"7\ THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
:ndex. Horse.
Weight.
St.
54m.
54m.
%m.
Str.
441 Rey Hooker 109] 5
45S Good Hope 102 2
4. r ,9 Malay 105 6
(46:0 Goal Runner 104 1
433 Juva 102 4
41. r . Nora Ives 102 1 7
451 Maud Gnagl 102i 3
441 Rey Hooker 10915 ... 22 22 11 12 Piggott 8-5 8-5
45S Good Hope IM 2 ... 4 1 354 2 2 2 1 J. Woods 5-2 3
4f.9 Malay 105 6 ... 61 55i 52 354 Thorpe 4 10
r 4fi3) Goal Runner 1041 1 ... 11 11 »4 4 4 H. Martin C-2 IS-5
433 Juva 102M ••• 354 454 44 52 Mounce 60 200
415 Nora Ives MS 7 ... 7 6 2 6 8 615 W. H. Martin 15 30
4GI Maud_Gnagl 102 1 3 ... 6 6 T 7 7 Roach 15 60
Time— s4, :13; %, :37V* ; %. 1:03. Winner, T. E. Latta's ch. c. by El Rio Rey-OgalemT
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Rey Hooker was "booted" through the stretch. Malay finished very strong. Goal Run-
ner stopped the last part. Juva will do with a rider up.
Scratched— Anchored 107, Magdalenaa 102.
2 2
4 1
6 1
1 1
3 54
7
6 6
2 2
3 54
5 5i
1 1
4 54
6 2
T
1 1
2 2
5 2
8 54
4
6 8
7
1 2
2 1
3 54
4 4
5 2
6 15
7
hq FOURTH RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Horse.
Weight.
54m.
%m.
Etr.
Jockeys.
Piggott
Thorpe
J. Woods
H. Martin....
459 Dunpraise 1!
841 Crossmolina 1(
457 Ulm 1<
433 Master Buck V
338 San Aug-ustlne ....I'
4i;o Peter Weber K
3
4
2
5
6
1
2 2
1 2
4 2
6 1
8 54
6
Z 2
1 2
4 54
6 1
8 4
6
1 2
2 2
4 2
6 4
3 1
6
1 2
I 2
3 1
4 4
5 20
6
1 54
2 S
3 1
5 20
6
8
I
-5
6
4
I
7
8-3
•4
12
12
Turner
Beai
Beauchamp ..
Time— s4, 2f>W.; 54. :B1%: %. Mil mile, 1:43. Winner, E. IT. Hlnkle's br. c. by Imp
Duneombe-Hynin of Praise. Good start. Won first three driving.
Dunpralse won through superior Jookeyship. The favorite didn't fancy the deep going
Woods on Ulm, went on an exploration voyage and after the race published a chart!
showing the bad spots. Master Buck proved falsa to his friends.
wn FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
4f,6 Mamie G. 6 BE 1 12 Ih 2h 8h lh Woods 1 5 . 2
41i> Dr. Bernays, 4 f>2 2 22 854 81 2 4 2h McNichols ... 5 9-2
(480) Stamina. 3 SO 7 68 22 12 12 34 J. Reiff 5-2 11-2
460 Eltdad. 4 B9 5 4 2 825 410 420 425 Holmes 8 10
440 Colonial Dame, 4... 90 G Sh 41 640 510 615 J. Daly 30 60
430 Myth. E 97 3 6 1 6 1 6 2 7 640 Joe Weber.... 4 11-6
457 Nonchalance. 6 — 1081 4 7 7 7 6 1 7 O'Nell 20 60
Time— 54, :26: 54. Wii %, 1:1754: mile. 1:44. Winner, Caesar Young's blk. m. by Imp
Pirate of Penzance-Ann Clay. Good start. Won first three driving.
Mamie O was fortunate. Stamina was away the best, but Reiff couldn't get him away
from the rail. Elidad experienced a relapse, showing some speed. Myth could not negotiate
the going.
P ■! at chert— lmperious 92.
1
2
7
5
G
3
4
1 2
2 2
6 8
4 2
5 h
8 1
7
1 h
3 H
22
0 25
1 1
6 1
7
2 h
8 1
1 2
4 10
6 40
6 2
8 h
2 5*
i i
4 20
5 10
7
6 1
1 h
2 h
3 4
4 25
6 15
6 40
7
cNlcho'l's"!!!
V>a{fT
Relff
1 5-2
S 9-2
5-2 11-2
8 10
30 60
4 11-5
20 60
olmes
Daly
ie Weber
Neil
"7 A SIXTH RACE— Futurity
and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Vim.
54m.
\m.
Str.
Jockeys.
r-»
421 Coda. 6 '.
223 La Maroma, 4 :
468 Rlcardo. a :
(254) Formella, 4 :
(440) Aluminum. 4 !
339 Don Luis. 4 :
... Uncle True, 4 '.
32n Jorllderio, 0 !
445 O'Fleta. a ]
440 Byron Cross. 4 :
8
6
5
2
9
3
4
7
1<)
5 1
1 54
i?
654
8 10
4 54
7 1
8 3
10
2 2
1 3
854
4 1
C h
6 54
5 54
7 1
9 2
10
1 1
2 54
8 54
4 h
\i
8 2
( 2
10
14
2 ns
3 3
4 2
5 1
6 1
7 2
8 3
9 2
10
Gray
Piggott
O'Nell
Thorpe
J. Woods
N. Turner
F. Bennett...
W. Narvaez..
8
6-5
5
2
6
8
40
10
15
15
15
2
9-2
7-2
7
9-2
60
20
20
100
Hennessy
L.
Time— 54. :23; 54. :48; %, 1:04; short %, 1:16. Winner, J. Naglee Burke'B b. m. by imp.
Cyrus-Roßette. Good start. Won easily. Becond and third driving.
Coda for a wonder had early speed. • Rlcardo should have won. The late plunge on Don
Luis shattered that animal's nerves. ■ Uncle True will win some day.
Sm-ntrhert—Pat Murnhv 109 Jim Rmemiin 109 •
bcratcnea— rat jnurpny i.u», jim uozeman lua.
outsider, splendidly handled by Charley
Gray.
Track Items.
The attention of h Tsemen is called to the
fact that entries to the following two-year-old
stakes of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club close
on Saturday next: The Ocean View Stakes, for
fillies, four furlongs, guaranteed value. $1000;
the Malowansky Stakes, for colts and gelding,
j four furlongs, guaranteed value $1000; the An
drous Stakes, for two-year-olds, four and a
half furlongs, guaranteed value $1000; the
Olympic Stakes, handicap, four and a half fur
longs, guaranteed value $1000; tht> Occidental
I Stake?, selling, four and a half furlongs, guar
anteed value J1000; the Corrigan Stakes, five
furlonpp, guaranteed value |1500; the Schreiber
Stakes^ for colts and geldings, five furlongs,
guaranteed value $1000.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
tßt Lady Ashley 93 443 Grac'.as 89 |
465 Jim Bozeman...lP4 399 Mocorlto 91
458 Sybaria 103 457 Oak Leaf 97
460 Caspar 10) 342 Balllster !U
458 Little T G.'. 93 333 Dlabllta 104
167 Santa Lucia 951 429 Joe Cotton 103
440 Cappy 98 400 Edgemount '. 94
470 Paul Kruger.... 96 1 ;
Second Race— furlongs; three-year-olds;
maidens.
429 The Offering.... lo7 j 451 The Minister.. ..ll2
367 Glengaber 112 433 Winpr 107
451 Gold Garter 109 451 Master Lee 109
467 Furia 107 . _:
Third Race— Five furlongs; three-year-old
colts and geldings.
466 The Fretter 117 441 Gin Sling 114
... The Pride 119 466 Doremus 117 !
(459) Jerry Hunt I: :'; ... Festoso 122 |
463 Campus 1171
Fourth — Six furlongs; three-year-olds.
455 Llraewater 109|(455)Miss Marion 104
(441)E1 Estro 1041
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; Belling; four
year-olds and upward.
434 Sly 106 396 Lord Marmion..Ho
306 Magnus 101 ' (470) Horatio 110
460 Alicia 101 : '.'' None Such 101
464 Durward 104 (434)Dunois 112
444 Guilder i"i 431 Imperious 101 :
473 Elidad 107| 473 Colonial Dame.. 03
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
452 Free Lady 101 : 412 Castake 99
439 Fly 97 438 Don't Skip Me..
374 New Moon 92 460 Frank Jaubert.. 04
439 Prince Tyrant... 94 1 468 Fig Leal 95
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Cappy, Mocorlto, Sybaris.
Second Race— Wing, The Minister. Master
Lee. "v?fi"
Third Race— Jerry Hunt, The Fretter, The
Pride.
Fourth Race— Miss Marion, Llmewater, El
Estro.
Fifth Race— Dunols, Lord Marmlon, Sly.
Sixth Race— Don't Skip Me, Fig Leaf, Fly.
LARGEST COURSING STAKE.
Eighty Dogs Will Contest for Eight
Hundred Dollars in Prizes at
Ingleside Park.
Eighty of the best known performers of
the local kennels have been entered for
the open stake which will be run on Sat
urday and Sunday next at Ingleslde
Coursing Park. Weather permitting, the
sport should be of the best, as mere are
several new dogs among the entrants. It
will be noticed that Mr. Curtis of San
Jose has finally concluded that the Ingle
side Park is the better place for dog
owners who are looking for clean snort
to pitch their tent. He has some of his
crack coursers entered for the meeting,
and will doubtless be among the leash
men who will ligure as prize-winners. It
will also be noticed that the kennels of
so-and-so do not figure in the entry list.
The result of the drawing is as follows:
Open stake, eighty entries; prizes. JllO, $75,
$r>o two at $40, five at $30, ten at $17 50, twenty
at $v Total. $.So<\
Lowe & Thompson's Patria vs. James Byrne's
Mohawk; "William J. Shield's Arma;h Laps vs.
Kay & Trant's Leonora; J. Murnane's Wolf
tone vs. P. J. G. Kenna's Lawrence; Curtis &
Son's Commodore vs. George Fentman's Cali
:"rnia; I. Hooper's Koo Lawn vs. Handy &
Smith's Victor; Hurley & ReHly's Blaster Mat j
vs. Kay & Trant's Diana; Curtis & Son's
Luxor vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier (guarded);
I'urtls & Son's Maud S vs. T. Logan's Miss
drizzle: P. J. G. Kenna's Mira Monte vs. A.
Vanderberg's American Eagle; H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Klrby vs. Ford & Duffy's Torsldo;
Dennis & Porter's Interesting: vs. James Dean's
Gladiator; J. P. Trift's Forgive vs. Nally &
Morley's Daisy WhaJen; P. J. G. Henna's
Rocklin Belle vs. V. Moran's Golden Russet;
J. O'Farrell's Red Wings vs. J. P. Trift's St.
Mary; O. J. Olsen's Sunburst vs. D.' Hooper"a
Bendalong: H. A. Deckelman's Royal Oak vs.
J. MeGuire's Pride of Arizona; H. Spring's
Willful vs. Hurley .v Reilly's Speculation:
James Dean's BrUllantine vs. J. O'Shea's
Rathbone; George Smart's Silkwood vs. F.
Moran's Snapshot; James O'Donnell's. Los
Palmoa vs. D. M. Kellcgg's lowa Boy; Captain
Clarkson's Conqueror vs. Russell &
Wilson's Lady Herschell; I.>. Shannon's
SoubrettP vs. F. A. McComb's Flush;
Larkey « Rock's Minerva vs. J. P. Trlfl St.
Michael; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs. P.
A hern's Martha Washlnpton: Handy & Smith's
M ma vs. T. Hall's Mies Sky ball; W. J. Nolan's
Robert J vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe;
Larkey & Rock's Emerald vs. W. R. Weyman's
Rush o' the Hill; H. A. Peckelman's Old Glory
vs. P. J. G. Kenna'a Flyaway; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle vs. J. O'Dowd'i Scout; D. Burmeister's
War Cloud vs. K. M. Kpllokr's Lady Gilmor«;
H. Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. T. J. Cronin'B
Arab; M. Allen's Misa Alice vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Quick Stitch: W. Class n's Petron
lug vs. Russell & Wilson's Glen Rosa; Kay &
Trant's Cross-patch v«. J. O'Shea'.« Young
America: W. Perry's Campaigr.a vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto; E. Burmelatei O'Grady vs. T.
J. Cronin's Iron Duke; T. O'Gaffney's Sir John
Arnot vs. P. J. Kpnna's Rocket; O'Connell
Bros.' Los Boy vs. H. a. Deckel man's Prlnca
George; Captain Clarkscn's Kerry Gow v«.
James Dean's Moondyne; P. Brophy's Benlcl»
Boy vs. O'Connor Bros.' Senorita.
I — .
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOPEFDRMEN
] NERVOUS I LOST |
\ DEBILITY j VITALITY ♦
; CAN BE ;; CAN BE I
I CURED, : RESTORED. •
» t 1
o *&■> u *&> I
♦ ...■»■■■■ i
O Until DR. MEYERS & CO. entered ♦
« the field as specialists for all diseases O
o and weaknesses of men in ISM those 4
4 who were afflicted with these ailments o
o were unable to find anything but tern- 1
■ I.orary relief, and In many Instances '
* even a lull of their suffering, dangers "
0 and embarrassments was not afforded •
f them. ?
o , -»^ DR - MET - *
n >^^^^^^&^^^^. have rnade a £
1 fc^S^^S^^ 6l^^ life-long study o
* fsj Sjlgr ~ °' these trou- ♦
i. «E>J? bles - Every o
* member of 4
* ' ?^%ir^^
0 V uj:'';*. I \>§l medicines In '
* hF ' natUnU ♦
* «UHKiW I »r^ ence - All con- °
0 difficult casp 4
1 l> ->sl^b*"# is undertaken. o
* dr. mp:y- ,
o ERS & CO. do not simply treat but ?
* they CURE— make robust men out of °
0 physical wrecks, and give new vim, ♦
1 hope and ambition. o
° NO AY TILL CURED o
O BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE. ♦
* PUT THE MONEY IN BANK.— Pa- ♦
o tients who have the least doubt about x
t being cured may deposit the price of a I
0 cure ■In any bank or with any well- ?
4 known business house or newspaper in *
o N San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be °
i paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa- ♦
0 tient Is convinced thai he is perma- °
1 nently cured. 4
o If patients prefer they may take the o
1 treatment on the installment plan, or +
q they may pay the entire price for a cure o
x direct to the doctors and thus obtain a 4
' liberal discount. q
V Prices reasonable In all cases, whether 4
' rich or poor. Z.
v All cures as lasting as. life. i
1 DR. MEYERS & CO. |
5 731 Market St., S. F. • ♦
! o Hours, Bto 5 dally. °
i I Take Elevator. Evenings, 7 to 8.. ♦
0 • Sundays, 9 to 11. °
4 •
00000000000 00 00 000
l v - p PALACE wjj
AND hotels «
D BAH FRAHcrOCO. X
•f Ooanacted by a covered passageway. Jr
D |400 Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. *■
0 All Under One Management. Q
D KOTE THE FBICE3: Q
p. European Flan. 1.00 per day and upward *d
*? American Plan. sB.oo per day and upward d
Q Correspondence Solicited. a
q JOSH 0. KISSFATBICS, Kusg«r. q
0.00000000000000000
WFRVITA mtim VI ~ A «-nr
IMCr~I VI ' « LOST VIGOR.
jESSSt. — AND MANHOOD
rvv?T">» ' Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Kh|3l diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
y!S* vJI indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood'builder,
1 t^. *£&/' Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tt*
■ JvSii-i^ storei the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
rjflhJ^-KL ton 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
f?J'fV\^ v £ Uc3rantec t0 cure or refund the money*
■krvita medical Co., CHnton « "Jackson $ts., Chicagj,
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave.,San Francisco.
Munyon'sHeadache and lndigestlonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
•will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate -the nerves and build up the oys-
tc:n. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
M^y^kWly WHEN YOU
/jdpfP^TO^NitMs Require an ELEC-
KfaaJLi!-2j<riW TRlc BELT 81 " Dp '
Pierce's" and you will
/) v2Sss& ,/- v \ not be disappointed.
"tyef*^ Call or address PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mark»» tt. (opp. Pilaca Hots), S. F.
DR.M9NOLTY.
HIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND HKLTABr,EOLD
J. Specialistcure* Private. Kervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi lieu only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients rod at Home. Terms reasonable. IToursQ
to 3 daily: 6.3o to ev'gs.Sundavs,lotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. ROSCOG MrMLTY, M.».
26% Mearny St., »un Francisco. Cal.
lERCES
hJ* FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Wright's Mian Vesetalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to our»
BICK HEADACKE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimple*
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, chance of
diet or change In application to business. Th*
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It,
Price {1 a bottl*. s. • > ■-.- , t .
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats firm. Corn unchanged.
Hay wanted for the country.
Foodstuffs unchanged.
White Beans lower.
Gasoline advanced.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs weak. Cheese steady.
Poultry advanced.
Gamo firm.
Limes scarce and higher.
Oranges and Apples dull.
Provisions quiet.
Hogs arriving more freely.
MARKED RISK IN STOCKS.
' THE YEAR 1898 WITNESSED SOME SHARP
,•':•'' APPRECIATIONS.
. ° ; Henry '"Clews; the New York banker, gives
1 a. list of "stocks which have risen during the
' , ; past year, as follows:
Th> advances in stocks, compared with the
I Jowwt of the year, show very striking changes.
: ' In March and April, previous to the outbreak
'." cu'.uio ar, the market was at Its lowest, wh.le
.. • the highest prices were generally touched rues
°. flay. last. The Granger and Pacific groups
'. ; ph-ow the most extraordinary advances, fre
" *qu'en{iy of 30 points and over:
•\ "■; .:■. n i h
.;•"-.'• : "\- STOCK. : ■ •.",■.- 2*B
: : 3
: V- j I h
••AtchiECin. Topeka and Santa Fe.. 10% 19% 9 (
. • :AtchiEon, Topeka and St. Fe pfd. 22 »i 524 29
t : Canadian Pacific 65 85 -
. .Central of New Jersey 83% 93% 10
-."Central Pacific U 43 32
...Chesapeake and Ohio 17% 25% 8
■■ <;ftica,Ko, Burlington and Qulncy.. 8." 7 >.'i24 i a' 3S
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul. S3 1 * 119%j 36
r .° '.Chicago and Northwest US% 142% 23
■ Chicago.' Rock [Bland & Pacific. «l 114$ 34
■.; Delaware & Hudson ;i3 \VH%\ U
"■•'Denver and Rio (Jrande 10 20?« 10
'■'■'■'Erie first preferred..-. ■ 29% 38 9
•.,. Illinois. Central !96 114% IS
■= -.Lake Shore & Michigan Southern. 170"i|201Vi 31
. ■■■.". Louisville and Nashville j44 I 6.i |21
•: •'" Manhattan Elevated m j 95141 9
. 'Metropolitan 125V1 193% 68
'■'■ Missouri. Kansas and Texas pref. 28% 'SUI 10
.."^ Missouri Pacific 22 i 46 .1
' ,' PC.' T. Central and Hudson River. 105 123^ji IS
. ■•'•■. Korfojk and Western preferred.. 42% 63*.! 21
;, r : " .Northern Pacific vbt. trust 19 I 4;-; T !, 24
:..■ Northern Pacific preferred 56% T l - 1 , 22
-.- Pennsylvania 110% 123 I 13
It' 1 - Reading Ilcst referred ;36 , 4s s g| 12
' : • Boiitbern Pacific 12 33^,1 21
■ '..•.Texas and Pacific 8% I 20 1 11
• .Union Pacific 16ifc 44'^ 2S
a.'Unton Pacific preferred 43T4 74»j 23
: V.V'abr.yh preferred 14% 23 9
'.;; .American Sugar Refining 107%1124% 17
'. • "k\nieric.in Tobacco i 53%|143% 60
.■:■: F<«lcral Steel 29 I 50 '" 21
. - )'. (era! Steel preferred C9 a i Sn'i 16
• ••..International Paper 4- 63 1;
! i :•' National Biscuit 30%' r. 0 '- ■■■
;>;'.CBicaßO Gas ..-. 86%|110% 24
. •IViir- Coal and Iron 17 3S-\ 21
v-t'nited States leather preferred.. 63% 75% 22
'.• Viiltcd States Rubber 14% 46% 31
;../ .. ' WEATHER REPORT.
■ ':"' .„ (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
.■.'.•" °' . SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 5, sp. m.
•..: The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
• ,.; Bate is compared with those of same date last
.." BjJason, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
J ' -"•■•' ••' Last This Last
: - •• ; stations— , 24 Hours. Season. Season.
I-;- hhireka 0.00 .... '".48
n.jKed 1 - Bluff 0.00 ' 6. 53 08
■.'.- .Sacramento 0.00 6.21 4.3S
. •.'••ran Francisco 0.00 4.72 4 07
:• Fresno ...< 0.00 2.30 1.59
: Fan Lufs'Obispo 0.00 3. "6 1.58
; .:"Los Angeles 0.00 O.SO 2.57
?. .. pan Dieso C.PO 1.59 1.75
•■:;"..s'iinigE O.no 1.32 OSS
'. ■ rHKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
:• :•'.-;■■ • •' FORECAST.
;' ' San Francisco data— Maximum temperature, ■
••..'.. IK;, minimum. 41; mean. 44.
'.- .'A sti rm of considerable energy is off the Ore
. gon .cnast this evening. As yet the pressure
■■• has- fallen but lightly and the winds are not i
.-•nigh, but rain is falling along the coast of
;.' ©regon and Washington and snow in the In
. -.teflon It Is yet too early to forecast the dlree
'.; IWh fbe storm will take, but It will probably i
■; give rain to California.
•■..'. .vTbere has he«?n but Blight changes In tern- i
"; p pe.pature during th« past 24 hours.
.; ._ ■^-.Reports are missing from Point Reyes and '
. ;*;M-ount Tamal]
■ : ."-'.Vi Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
. ■■ hOurii pr.( ing midnight January 6. 1599
--■ .'■ .Northern California— Friday, with
'■"•'. fain, in north portion Friday afternoon or even
■ • hifj;- brisk southerly wind.
;'■„-" ■Southern "California— cloudy Friday
. . tey'ere frost: light north wind.
•:Y° -Nevada— Cloudy Friday, with snow in the
V mountains.
;■-. 'Utan— Cloudy Friday, with snow In the
" ' mountains.
. .• "' /Arizona— Fair Friday.
;' -'-.San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
; >f>roT>aV)!y rain in the afternoon or evening
. risk southerly wind. G. H. WTLLSON.
: '-J-V .. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
'.' YORK, Jan. s.— Notable gains were
recorded In the specialties and some of the rall
h-ays t"-day. The announcement of gold en
•nts of a million and a half overcame the
recatlpnary tendency of the forenoon and sent
the market forging upward, which continued
until the close. The conditions of the ex
chnnpe and money market do not seem to
■warrant the expectation that the import of
p'Md will be a suFtainpi! movement, the theory
being that oir large balance of trade would
.:• ;,pot be drawn upon largely while money can |
•'*': .-bejoaned at more profitable rates abroad. A
.:/. ! : Jower range of London prices gave a declin
■„ ;""jfng tendency to early transactions here. Manip
■ iulatfon of the specialties, Tobacco. Brooklyn
; .'■ —(Transit and People's .Gas. gave better tone to
''■■ the '.railways, but on profit-taking there were
, V° c !■■ me .very substantial losses. With the gold
, • f announcements in the afternoon, the bulls had
„-. their. own way and especially In Manhattan.'
. •■.-. General Electric, Brooklyn Transit and Colo- i
m \ .'/ado ■ Southern. The railway shares moved 1
. rather sluggishly until late in the day when
" "... -a? active demand arose for Louisville, Rock :
'..■ . Island and the Southwestern group, excepting
[,\;j T.xas Pacific, which broke badly in the end
; ..-_ 'On the publication of a report that Mar.hat
/ ■ tan. was to lie electrlcallw equipped by General
. -. ' j:iectrlc, the stocks, which had each advanced
„:■.■/■ points presumably on cany Information of
\ tjw deal, receded sharply on profit-taking.
• .%. I L .ate in the day it was said that while the
. contract to equip Manhattan electrically had
• not bt-en given, oonlidence had been expressed
b. I"- General Electric interests that they would
■ ■ ,get the contract.
. „• o ■ The 1 bond market was under pressure during
■/..the forenoun. but In the late session heavy pur
chasing orders were distributed, which car
,-. rted the level prices above yesterday's close
•••. an.l Imparted general strength. Total sales,
V • $5,960.000.. Lnited States new 4s coupon reacted
• •a* and the 4s %. The new 3s and the old 4s
»",«.„ registered advanced M in the bid price
* T. T ;' lal Bal /vL of * tocks to-day, 913.700 'shares
.- Including 4675 Atchlsbn: 16,660 do preferred
-8170 Central Pacific; 3449 C. «nd O ; 6693 Burl
•.•• .-Uhgton: 3050 Hocking Valley: 16.850 L and N >
.;■ T6,520, Manhattan: 10,921 Reading Drcferr*ed :
... . vIE.4SO- Missouri. Pacific; 18.860 M ; K P and T
. ;•" preferred? 9340 Northern Pacific; 3520 Reading'
;V 0 tell Rock Island; 32,120 Union Pacific; 1-) 3*6
1 -. fit. Paul: 3900 Texas and Pacific; 7720 Unio"n
o :,- Pacific preferred; 7323 Union Pacific Denver &
• -Gull; ll.<oo W. and L. E.: 3200 Paper: 3200
; . American Spirits; 81.300 Tobacc o; 6280 Steel
s • WHO do preferred; 115.600 People's Gas; 3200
C. F. and I.; 871 General Elecmc; 4900 Pacific
Mail; 22.150 Sugar; StGfi Tennessee Coal and
Jr..n; 3720 Leal,.- preferred- 4375 Rubber; 5500
•Westej-n Union; 32.400 St. Louis and 6 W
preferred; 11,140 C. O. W.
•; CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchls'on ....: ISU St L & S W . 7V.
Do prefd 51Va Do prefd .. "' 11
Baltimore & Ohio.. 67',i St Paul !l2U'
Canada Pacific... -:'.. Do prefd .... "i 6
Canada Southern.. 54it Si I' & Om.. [" m-m
-Cent Pacific 42' 4 Do prefd .... *167
dies & Ohio 23' s So Pacific '35*:
Chi & Alton 170 So Railway 10%.
» Chi B & Q 123% Do prefd .... ' .-i
Chi & E 111 60 Texas & Pacific... 17%
- Do prefd 1124 Union Pacific ... 42H
Chi O W ....: 13* Do prefd :?.?,
o Chi Ind & L &Vi U P D & G 2d
• Do prefd 30 I assmt paid '. . 13%
OW .v x W .......142 Wabash ' 7.
Do prefd lS5'/j, Do prefd ■ >-.
C C C a St L.... <V,i Wheel & L E. 4th
Do prefd' M a.s»n:t paid 714
Del & Hudson 106^ Do prefd. 4th
Del L & W US nmmt paid 29
,Dc!& Rio G 194 Express Companies—
-Do prefd 70 Adams Ex 108
I Erie new , 14% American Ex 143
„» Do Ist prefd 37^ United States .... 54
Ft .Wayne 17S Wells Fargo 125
(;• Nor prefd ....144V4 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley... •'■. A Cot Oil 3454
Illinois Cent '.114% Do prefd {8
Lake Erie & \V.... 20. Amn Spirits 14
<Do«)>reffi . /.. ~V 2 Do prefd 3SU
I-;tk» Shore ...197 Am Tobacco HSU
Louis & Nash 64 1 /6 Do prefd ..134-
Manhattan L 102^ Cons Gas .' 193U
Met St Ry 190% Com Cable Co 175
"Mich Cent 11l Col F & Iron 33
Minn *St L ..36 j Do prefd 80
Do -Ist prefd .. 97^4 Gen Electric 98%
Mo Pacific 4". Haw Coml Co .... 58
Mobile & Ohio ... Intnl Paper : 64
a Mo iK & T .14% Do prefd 94
Do prefd 4'", Laclede Gas .....— 52
X' J Central 9C%,Lead 37%
k* V Central 122% Do prefd 11SV*
, N V CM & S L.. 13",<r Nat Lin Oil tr.... 8%
Do Ist prefd 73 Pacific Mall 44%
PDo 2d prefd 84 People's Gas 112%
Not West 18% Pullman Pal 161%
No Amer Co fi% Silver Cert 53%
No Pacific 43% Standard II & T. 0%
Do prefd 77H Sugar ...125H
Ontario & W 20% Do prefd ...... ..112V1
Or It & Nay 45 T C & Iron 37%
Or Short Line 41 US Leather 7H
Pac Coast Ist pfd.. 84 Do prefa 71&
Do 2d prefd 04 U S Rubber 43Vi
Pittsburg ISO Do iirefd 1124
Reading 22Mi West Union 94V*
Do Ist prefd 62% Fed Steel £3-*
R0 W 27' i Do prefd 84%
Do prefd 66 Brooklyn R T 91
Rock Island 114*4 Oregon Nay prefd. 70
St Louis & S F.... 874 Pacific Coast <5%
Do prefd 67 Colo Southern ... s> 4
Do 2d prefd 33% i Do Ist prefd 54
StPMi M 180 I Do 2A prefd 23V4
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107VN V Central lsts.. 114%
U S new 4s reg....129^ X .1 C f.s 11314
Do coup I29'i N Carolina 6s 13U
U 84s 1124 Do 45...> 103*4
Do coup 112",; No Pac lsts..-. \UVt
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 69M,
D S Ss.reg 113 i, Do 4a 101%
Do 5s coup 118% N V C & St L 45..106 V«
District 3.65s US Nor & W 6s 125
Ala class A 107 Northwestern c0n. 145
Do I? 109 1 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 103% O Xav lsts 113
Do Currency 102 1 , i O Nay 4s 100%
Atchison 4s lfM'ii <'> 8 Line 6s tr.... : - 4
Do a-JJ 4s 7S S »'O S Line 5s tr 108%
Can So 2ds 1 Reading 4s S6<4
C & O 4'-s 91 "!R (i W lsts 91%
Chi Term 4s 94 ISt L & I M con 55.105»i
C .<• Ohio os 117% St L & S F gen 65. 122
C H & D <%l 104% 15t I' Con 160%
D & R a ists 108 |Pt I* c & v 15t5. ...126
I' & R <: 4s H..11.1 DO ti 118%
East Term lsts 107 jSo Ry 5s 1044
Erie Gen 4s 72*4 Stand R & T 65... 85*4
V\V & D lßts tr.. S3 Term new set 35... 95
Gen Elec la 109 Tex Pac L Q lsts. .llo
Q II & 8 A 6s 107 Do Rg 2<3s 4S
Do 2ds 103 rPD & G lets... 90*4.
H & Css 110 Wab Ist 5s 113%
Do con 6s 110 Do 2ds 94
lowa C lsts 107 |W Shore 4s 110%
La new con 4s 107*1 I Va Centuries S2*4
L& N Uni 4s 96 ! Do deferred 8
Missouri 6s 100 Wls Cent lsts 62%
M X & T Ids 70% U P 4b 103
Do 4s 94 <4' C010 Southern 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 1 Ontario 800
Crown Point 14iOphtr 68
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 1 SO
Gould & Curry 25| Do prefd 450
Halo & Xorcross.. 12 Sierra Nevada M
Homes-take 50 00 , Standard 190
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 30
Mexican 40 1 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — lAtch prefd 61%
Call loans 2*»3 Bonds-
Time loans 3'a4 AtchUon 4s 89
Stocks — New England 65.. 1H 1 ;
Atch Top & St Fe. 18% General Elec 55... 103
Amer Sugar 12.''4 Wts Central 65....129»-4
Do prefd 1 * Mining Shares —
Bay State Gas 3% Alloucz kiln — 6%
Bell Tel 274> ... Atlantic 81%
Boston & Albany.. 23o Boston & Mont — 274
Boston & Maine.. .170% Butt* & 805t0n.... SI
Boston L Xl% Calumet & Hecla..6Ss
t Chi Bur & Q 12:.'* Centennial 3S
Fitchburg 10»% Franklin 21%
Mexican Cent 6 Old Dominion 88%
N V& N Eng 99 Osceola 79
Old Colony IX Qulncy 146
Or Short Line 414 Tamarack 198
Rubber 43 Wolverine 37
Union Pac 42% Parrot 1 36
West End 90% Humboldt 2 5 4
Weßtlngh Elec 39% Adventure 94
Do prefd 63 Union Land ll'i
Ed Eiec Tel 195 Mohawk "2
Gen Elec prefd 163 Wlnona 14%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle and dull to-day,
Paris realizing at the settlement. It Is pre
paring for the Tonquin loan. There Is also
talk of dearer money.
Americans opened heavy on profit-taking here.
New York bought little and the close was de
pressed, except for Ontario and Western. In
; which there was good buying here and from
New York. The feeling here is that the market
will pause until 1899 prospects seem clearer.
Coppers were dull on the Paris tone.
Money was easy, £176.000 gold being taken
for shipment to America and £5000 arriving
from Australia. The price has relapsed to 77s
10% d
The Bank of Bengal has raised Its discount
rate from 6 to 7 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. Canadian Pacific. 88*4;
Grand Trunk, 7%: bar silver, quiet, 27V«d per
ounce: money, 2 per cent.
Spanish fours closed 44*4.
HIS, Jan. s.— Spanish fours closed 44.70.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. -FLOUR -Receipts. 60.
--539 barrels; exports, 24.872. More active and
firm for winter straits, but neglected. ..Winter
straits, $3 .VKi3 6"; Minnesota patents. $3 9C@
4 20; winter extras, $2 70<?f3; Minnesota bakers',
$2 90«J3 10; winter low grades, $2 1001 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 209,000 bushels; exports,
{08,900. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 79 7 ic f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened barely steady
and develop) weakness under long and short
selling, which yielded at noon, however, to a
sharp recovery. Later was stimulated by large
I clearances again reported, export business at
Baltimore and strength of Northwestern mar
kets following prospects of lighter receipts.
A second decline near the close was attributed
i to renewed short selling and absence of out-
Bide support. Final prices were 2 'a%c net
lower, January closing at 76% c; March, 78%4i;
79% c, closed 7S7ic.
BOPS Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— took another leap to-day, ad
vancing 30&50 points, with the tendency at the
end of the session toward a still higher level. I
The other departments showed pronounced j
strength in sympathy, though Improving in j
less rapid form. Demand was brisk all day,
but sellers were hard to find, a genuine bull
fever prevailing. Reports from the mines and
abroad reflected corresponding changes, with
j the outlook in all directions very bright. At j
: the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGI RON— Warrants strong at $8 nominal.
J.VKK COPPER— Strong; $13 30«?13 50 asked.
TlN— Strong and higher, with $20 bid, $20 05
asked.
I,l:aD— Firmer, with $3 95 bid. $4 asked. The
firm fixing the Settling price for leading miners
and smelters at the West quotes lead at $3 75
; and copper at $13.
SPELTER — Firmer, with $3 15 bid, $5 25
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 15,200 bags, includ
ing January. $5 SSlgo 40; February. $5 45; March.
$5 55(55 SO; April, $5 6095 65; May, $.".70; July.
Jo 80; September, 16 90; October, $5 93. Spot
coffee— Rio, dull and easy; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 jobbing, 7c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@
Km.
j SUGAR — Raw, about steady; fair refining,
: 3 13-16 c; centrifugal. 98 test, 4 15-lCc; molasses
sugar 3 9-16 c; refined, about steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3143 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 13<g21c; Elgins, 21c; fac
tory. 12©14% c.
EGGS — Receipts. 1196 packages. Weak; West
ern, 27c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. COTTON — Steady;
■ middlings. r.%c.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 6.— Cotton, easy;
| middling. 4 5-16 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— Wheat started firm but
very dull, with few orders from outside. The
firmness was only momentary, however, for a
j good deal of wheat "called" at the. close yes
; terday had fallen into weak hands and was
j for sale the instant the price showed hesita
tion. As long as the market was left in the
controi of local professionals the tendency was- i
downward. May, which opened He higher at i
71%®71%c, was hammered down to 70% c before '
| there were any symptoms of recuperation. The |
recovery was brought about by buying orders
, commencing to tumble in from outside sources,
I induced, apparently, by the threatened cold
, weather damage to winter wheat and reports
of heavy exports from Atlantic ports. The
foreign buying became so persistent that shorts i
were forced to co\-er. and May was gradually
bid up to 71% c. Liverpool was %d higher and j
receipts were comparatively small. The mar- '
j kct*-held fairly steady until i within half an
hour of the -close, when the buying from the
outside subsided. Then some local speculators
flooded the pit with long wheat" and also sold
for the short account. The market became quite
heavy under this pressure,. and May was forced
down to 70%®70%c, and closed at 70% c.
Improvement In the weather, which was fa
: vorable for a large movement in the country,
weakened corn. May lost %c. ,
The decline In the leading grains and a poor
cash demand caused a heavy feeling In oats
Liquidation of lone lines caused a sharp de
cline in prices. May closed He lower. •
There was more or less liquidation in pro-
Visions. The market started out handicapped
with enormous hog receipts and a decline in
the coarse grains. Prices were forced off all
around. The demand for products was slow
May pork lost 15c; May lard 10@12ijc, and May
ribs 7%510c. *
t The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. I —
May 71% 71% 70% 70%
I July ......... "a* 69% 68^ «*
Corn No. 2— *
i January 84% 35 34% 35
May 374 37% Kg 37
1 July 37% 37% 37^ 37-%
I Oats No. 2— ■-.."'*
May 27% 27% 27' i 27%
July •••••• -»H 2014 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel
i January 10 00 10 OS 995 995
I May ...10 42% 10 45 10 30 10 30
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January SCO .660 . 6 62% 6 52%
May 585 8 87% 575 675
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
January 4 80 4 80 4 80 4 80
i May 515 5 17% 505 505
! Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet: No. 2 spring wheat, 67@68c; No
3 sprinsr wheat, 64«4@65c: No. 2 red 71 '-be; No 2
corn. 36c; No. 2 oats. 26% c; No. 2 white. 29IB)
I 29% c; No. 3 white, 28(?28%c; No. 2 rye. 54@54%c;
I No. 2 barley, .41@51c: No. 1 flax seed. ■. $1 12;
j prime timothy seed, $2 25; mess pork, per bar
rel. $3 96@10; lard, per '100 pounds. $"> 52%®5 55;
I short ribs sides (loose), $4 75@5; dry salted
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
shoulders (boxed), 4Vi<Ji4%c; short dear sides I
(boxed), $5 0508 10; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $127; sugars, cut loaf, un
changed: granulated, unchanged. ■ ■
Articles— Receipts. Shipments 1
Flour, barrels 76,600 54,400 1
Wheat, bushels 222,000 665,000 |
Corn, bushels 920,000 222,500
Oats, bushels 427,200 ■ 258,900
Rye. bushel* 45,850 2?,2(j0
Barley, bushels 84,950 10,800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 14Jf20c; dairies,
12'SlSc. Cheese, steady: creameries, BV»<§Uc.
Eggs, fresh, firm; 25@26c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. .
Minneapolis 249,640 '■ 44.200
Duluth 157.183 '
Milwaukee 30,100 25.200
Chicago 222,000 66,667
Toledo 24,425 6,000 ]
St. Louis 15,000 10,000 1
Detroit 11,696 9.353
Kansas City 35,500 20,000 |
Totals 745,547 181,920
Tidewater-
Boston 61,233 235.559
New York 209.050 208,599
Philadelphia 82.661 1.542
Baltimore 66,368 42,557
New Orleans
Galveston .:.. -
Totals
, ''. LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
TVheat- Mar. May.
Opening 510% 5 8%
Closing 610% 5 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour- • Jan. Mar.- June.
Opening 4a 60 46 35
Closing 45 60 46 25
Wheat — 21 30 21 80
Opening :;...;:....: ::::::::::::. ::: 21 » 21 80 |
Closing 2120 219"
ORANGES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. The Journal of Com
merce says: The unsettled condition of the
orange market during December, as the result
of liberal receipts, particularly of California
fruit, has been somewhat accentuated as the
result of the falling off of the consuming de
mand following the holidays. Receipts of all ;
descriptions for the season to date .have been i
much In excess of those for the corresponding ,
period last year. The consuming demand, on j
the other hand, has been much better than It j
was a year ago, and supplies have gone out 1
quite freely into consumption, leaving In first ■
hands comparatively small stocks. Jamaica?. (
which monopolized attention at the beginning ,
of the season and until California* began to ,
come forward In liberal quantity, have been
relegated to the background, the demand for ,
consumers of late having been chiefly for the |
last named. The Florida crop, having been |
larger than for a number of years past, has
been quite an Important factor In the situa- ,
tion, having assisted materially In preventing
an Improvement in quotations on other descrip
tions.
The quantity of California oranges offered at
auction BO far this season has amounted to
104 cars, the bulk of which was disposed of ■
within the past couple of weeks. j
While early arrivals of California oranges
were said to show a large percentage of im
mature fruit owing to tne anxiety of grow- |
ers to get their stock to market in time for
the holiday trade in the East, later receipts,
partclularly those of the past week, have been
all that could be desired, it would appear from
statements of prominent handlers at this end.
The rush of arrivals which for several weeks
past has had a demoralizing Influence on the )
market, is over for the time being. Accord- 1
ing to telegraphic advices from primary ship- |
ping centers unfavorable weather, coupled with
the usual slacking up of packing operations
during the holiday season causing light ship
ments, for the next ten days or two weeks
receipts here are expected to be small. Valen
cia oranges have been a very unimportant fac- j
tor In this market, though receipts have been j
considerably In excess of those of last year —
10,000 cases against 3000 cases. The quality of
the fruit does not seem to have suited buy
ers, and with more desirable stock to choosa ;
from at comparatively low prices they have I
neglected Valencias.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. S.— CATTLE— The light sup- j
ply of cattle to-day served to bring about a i
better feeling, and desirable offerings were
largely 10c higher. Beef steers. $3 9094 50 for
poorest, $4 T.v.rr, for medium .-nd $5 2506 70 for \
choice shipping lots; fancy beeves, $5 75'g'5 90;
calves, J.". 7."'i/6 75.
HOGS— Hogs ruled 5c higher. Fair to choice,
$3 62%®3 75; packing lots. $3 45@3 60; mixed,;
S3 46©3 87%; butchers, ?3 50©3 7:.; lights, $3 40® j
3 65; pigs, $2 9063 40; bulk. $3 55@3 70.
SHEEP— in sheep was quite animated
at strong prices.. Sheep, $2 7503 25 for unde
sirable lots, up to $4iU4 50; lambs, $3 7506 25;
heavy sheep, $3 60<g3 85.
Receipts— Cattle, 6500; hogs, 40,000; sheep. 10 I
000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. S.— CATTLE—
5500; market strong. Native steers, J4®s 50- l
Texas steers, $2 75<£4 65; Texas cows. {2 15©3 70- I
native cows and heifers, J2 60«?4 50; stockers
and feeders, t3®4 40: bulls, $2 95©4. I
HOGS— Receipts, 14,000; market strong to 5c i
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 40<jz3 60; heavies, $3 45 i
©3 70; packers $3 40@3 60; mixed, v 13 351*3 55
--lights, $3 10@3 40; yorkers, $3 35@3 4V pigs, $3
<g3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; market firm. Lambs
$3@5; muttons, $294.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 6.-CATTLE— Receipts. 1500- i
market active, strong. Native beef steers $4 10 •
<g5 40; Western steers, $3 8004 40; Texas steers i
$3 60@4 20; cows and heifers. $3 25@4 45; stock- ;
ers and feeders, $3 3094 50; calves, J4 60©7;
bulls, stags, etc, $2 25(g3 SO.
-Receipts, 6000; market shade higher
Heavy, $3 42%®3 47%; mixed, $3 4603 47% • light l
$3 45(53 50; pigs, $2 10@3 40; bulk of sales. $3 43
@3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 900; market stronger. Na
tive muttons, $3 SO® 4 25; Westerns, 1?60@3 65
--stock, $3 60@3 55; lambs, J4frs 10.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. s.— CATTLE— Receipts 400 1
Market active and firm. Beef steers, $454 75-
COWS, $3 25493 75; feeders, freight paid to river
13 o(Xg'4: stockers, freight paid, $3 75<5:4 50 '• '
bulls, stags, etc., $2'g3. '
Receipts 300. SCarkst slow and 5c
lower. Light packers. ?3 (003 45; mixed. $3 33
S3 40; heavy, $3 20434 30. ' '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 6.— Consols. 110%; Silver
27Ud; French rentes. lOlf 47>4c: Wheat car- i
goes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators- :
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. s.— Wheat, steady; Wheat
in Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; March. 5s
10\d; May, 5s 9Ud; Spot, steady; No. 1 red
northern spring. 6s 2d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. *
PORTLAND. Jan. s.— Exchanges, $395,311
--balances, $59,639.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. Wheat— Walla
Walla, 69®60c; Valley and Bluestem, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 6.— Club, 69c;
Bluestem. 62@63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ,: $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 <m;.i 4
New York Exchange, sight . — 15'
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 17"^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
Mexican Dollars — 4714
■WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— Eurasia takes for Liverpool
16.449 ctls, valued at $1S.3OO; F. S. Clampa, for
Grimsby, 11,260 ctls, at $13,000.
The market continues dull at previous prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 15@1 16%; milling
91 ■''■in 22%. x
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls
$1 19%. ■
Second Session— May— ctls, 19%: 28 000
$1 19%. •
Regular Morning May— lo,ooo ctls
$1 19%; 24,000, $1 13>4. -
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $1 19U
-44,000. $1 1&V4: 4000, $1 19.
BARLEY— Eurasia takes for Liverpool
13,004 ctla brewing, valued at $17,600: F. S
Ciainpa, for Orlinsby, 41,894 ctls, at $58,700.
The market Jib dull, with choice Feed firmly
held. /■
Feed. II 2J%@l 32-4; Brewing, $1 35@1 45 per
ctl. /■./■
//CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — sales.
Secomr Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — Seller, 1899, new — 4000 ctls
92% c: 2000, »2%c.
OATS— While the market Is not as lively as
It has been, there Is still good demand and
the feeling is firm.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37^4 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30<ijl 32Vs; common, $1 27*4; Surprise
SI ■?■'■;! 45; Gray, $1 1001 35; Milling, $1 324®
I 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55^1 65; Black. $1 60@l 75.
CORN— at the old quotations. .
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern • large yel
low, $1 12H@l 16; white, $1 12V401 15; mixed.
$1 07V4@l 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12%@
California, $1 15@1 20; Eastern, $1 15
per ctl. ■
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15®4 25; bakers'
extras, *3 80i&4 per bbl. ;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In . sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: ' Graham
I Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<<j3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
I $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
| (barrels), $5 85©6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
! Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is firm at the recent Improvement. The
city demand is light but the call for the coun
try is brisk.
l Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— per ton.
j MIDDLINGS— $19 50r 22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 5C@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31831 50;
Jobbing-, $32@32 CO; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28<g30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17 r>o@l9 for
j good to choice and $16"517 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In: Wheat and Oat, $la 500
i 17 50; Oat, $!4@16; Island Barley, $14@15;- Al
falfa. $12#13 50; Stock, none: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Out, $13 50^15; Cheat.
$12612 75; Alfalfa, : Oat, $13 50@15; Clover,
$11^12; Timothy, $11 60013 50 per ton.
STRAW— 75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beyond a weaker feeling In White Beans
there is nothing new.
BEANS— Bay os, $18502; Small Whites, $2®
2 15; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks, $1 95'cj.
2 05; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye, $3 75@4; But
ters, $202 50; Limas, $3 25@3 35: Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 4002 60 per ctl. *
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50(34 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax. $2@2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%@2»4c per In; Alfalfa. .v.,.,.;V ; Rape,
2',i#2\c; Hemp. 2M:<33c; Timothy. s@s^c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Vegetables are dragging. Onions and Pota
toes remain about the same.
POTATOES— OSB'SOc per ctl for Early Rose;
60@70c per sack for River Burbanks; Salina3
Burbanks. $I@l 15; Oregon, 90c@$l 12%; Sweet
I Potatoes, $1 65@1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes,
i 2<£2V4c per It).
ONIONS— «O@7Sc per ctl; Oregons, $I@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 506 c; String
! Beans, 7@Bc; Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, 75ciBi
■ $1 25 for Loa Angeles; Egg Plant, 10c per It);
Garlic, 6<gSc per Ib; Dried Okra. 15c per rb;
Green Peppers, 4@sc per Ib; Dried Peppers,
10ifS15c; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Car
rots. 25@35c per sack; mushrooms, 10c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
i A car of Eastern sold at $5@5 50 for Ducks
| and Hens, $2 for Geese, $5 50©6 for young
| Roosters, and $4 50 for Fryers and Broilers.
Local Poultry was firm at an advance.
Game was not materially changed.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@18c; live
! Turkeys, 14@15c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4 50
©6;- Hens, $3 5005; young Roosters, $5@5 50;
i old Roosters, $4®4 60; Fryers. $4 50@5; Broil
i ers, $4 50@4 75 for large, $3 50@4 lor small;
; Pigeons. $ical 25 per dozen lor old and $1 .<"/
'i for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $I@l 25; Mallard, $3 5004 60;
Canvasback, $306; Sprig. $2 5093; Teal. $1 50J?
1 75; widgeon. «i 50@l 73; Small Duck. tie
125; English Snipe, $2 60; Jack Snipe, $1 25;
Gray Geese. $2 5003; White Geese. $l'<i i 25:
Brant, $1 50@l 75; Honkers, $3@4 50; Hare, 75c@
$1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small. «
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are coming In more freely and the mar
! ket Is tending downward in consequence. But- |
i ter is weak, but no lower. Cheesa is un- ;
: changed.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27@27&c; sec
• onds, 150260.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@24c; common I
: grades, 18© 21c.
Pickled Goods— Firktn, 17@lSc; pickled roll, I
170180 for dairy and 190200 for creamery j
; squares; creamery tub, 22@22V4c
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, 16@16V&c per j
It>; Elgin. 22<ij'22»-&c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, H%(itl2c; old, 10
I @llc; Cream Cheddar, 12@12>4c; Young Amer-
I ica, 12012 c; Eastern, 10© 12c.
i EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 34@36c per dozen; sec
onds, So®33c; store Eggs. 25ifj30c: Eastern. 22%
1 <g2sc for ordinary and — — for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. f
Good Limes are scarce and higher, but there
| is some poor stock which soils at the Inside
' quotation. Oranges are dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35(fjC0c for common, 7"i<-tjsl per box
, for No. 1 and $1 2;,'.; i5O for choice. Lady Ap
| pies, $1; Apples, in barrels, $."><&S.
Pears— Doc£jsl per box.
Persimmons — <U(g7f>c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I®2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 75c<g$l 50; Mandarins, $1(^125;
I Lemons, 75c©$l 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@6; Call
fornia Limes, 25iS'fi0c per small box; Grape
1 Fruit, $1 5001 50; Bananas, $1 50®2 per bunch;
I Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen,
| DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6',;c for 40-50's, 4^ig>
Ec for 60-60' 8%03%C for 60-70's, 2*i(Jj3c for
! 70-80's, 2Vi@2V4c for £0-90' s. 2c for 90-100' and
1%01%C for 100-110*8; Silver Prunes. 2<4@sc;
| Peaches, 6(ff7Vtc for good to choice, 7Vs@Bc for
; fancy and lOig 1214 c for peeled; Apricots, 10@l2c
! for Royals and 12*£@13Uc for Moorpark; Evap
i orated Apples, 7>4'y7'ic; sun dried, 4@4%c;
! Black Figs, sacks, 2<g2»/4c; Plums, 4>£@6c for
! pitted and ltfrlVic for unpitted; Nectarines,, 6®
j 7c for prime to fancy; rears, 6@Bc for quarters
1 and 809 c for halves.
: RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
* crown. 5%c for four-crown, r.-'V|i" 1 -.c for Seed
less Sultanas. 414 c for Seedless Muscatels and
i $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2->i@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B({?l2Hc per Ib; Walnuts.
i 7i?iSc for /hardshell, 9@loc for softshell; Al
; monds, 7@Bc for hardshell, 131514 c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, fi'?i7c for East
ern and 4',4@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
05.
HONEY— Comb, 10®llc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6V<,@
7c; light amber extracted, Cc; dark, 5@5%c
BEESWAX-24576c per It).'
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations remain unaltered.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7Hc per It) for
heavy. Sc for light medium, 10c for light. 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured; j
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams,lO@lo>4c; California j
Hams, 9V6?f9''?ic; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50®
16: Smoked Beef, UH®l2c per rb. ■
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%©6 c per lb for
compound and 7%08c for pure; half barrels,
pure. Bite; 10-lb tins, .S^c; 5-lt> tins, B*«c.
COTTOLENE — Tlercer, 6Vi,@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-Ib palls, 60 In a case, 9V4c;
3-lTi pails, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a i
case, S^ic; 10-rb palls, f> In a case, B%c; 50-n> I
tins. 1 or 2 In 11 case, 7?4c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 8!4c: fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. BV4c; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands, 12c; dry-
Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15® 25c each; short wool, 30@40c
each; medium, 80080 c; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for large and
. 75c lor small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 60c$($l for small.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4@3%c per lb;
I No. 2, 2%c: refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7ig9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7 j
I months', B<g9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12 !
I @14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9©llc; I
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14016 c; Nevada, 9®
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
j Fall Wools—
1 Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain 7® 8
Southern 6@ 7'^
I Plains 50 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 12%@14c per lb for ordinary,
I 14V4@15V4c for good and 16@lSc for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4;&©6c; Wool Bags, 26(5-28c; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling- 1
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50: Seattle, I
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50(0~9 in bulk and $10
@10 25 in Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannei, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in packs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6?4c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5 7 mc; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con
fectioners' A, 6%c; California A, 5V.c; Magnolia !
A, :■ 6%c; Extra. C. s'^c; Golden C, sVic; half- !
I barrels, %c.more than barrels, and boxes %c. j
more. No order taken for less than 76 barrels
or its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON— Shipment of 32.779 cases
to Liverpool. .
GASOLINE— Is higher, as follows: Deodor- I
ized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 14>-ic; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In cases, 20c; Benzine, in bulk,
13V£c; Benzine, In cases, lSVic per ! gallon.
' BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Receipts of Hogs are somewhat larger, but
prices keep up. ?
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— quality, 6%@7c; second quality,
6@SVic; third quality. 4%@5i4c.
VEAL— 6%®7%c; small, 6%@Bc per tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 70T%c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7%®Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4\4c for large, 4i4@4^c !
for medium, and 3%@4c for small; stock Hogs, 1
•B@3%c; dressed Hogs, 6@70 for prime. A
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. Jan. 6.
Flour, qr sks 7,064 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 10,203 Hops, bales 5
Barley, ctls 9,M0: Pelts, bdls 8,291
Oats, ctls 30lHldes, no 368
Butter, ctls SsiEggs. doz 4,770
Tallow, ctls 70 1 Leather, r0115.... 71
Cheese, ctls IS4 Wine, gals 65,50)
Potatoes, sks 995 1 Brandy, gals 13,740
Bran, sks 2061 Lime, bbls 135
Middlings, sks.... ssn Raisins, bxs 500
Hay. tons 153!
OREGON.
Flour, qr Eks 10,5W Onions eks 36
Oats, ctls 470 Bran, sks 782
Wh^at, ctls 560 i Hay. tons 30
Potatoes, sks 1,4611
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 191
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feeling in local securities was firm as a
rule and better quotations were realized for
the favorites, though there was no pronounced
advance.
Mining- stocks were dull and unchanged.
The Stock and Bond Exchange did a large
business last year. The sales of bond:
amounted to $4,002,800. against $3,637,000 in 1897,
and the sales of stocks were 511,580 shares
against 2?5,157.
The Argonaut Mining Company paid Its reg
ular monthly dividend of $20,000 on the 26th
of December.
The PaciflO Sheet Metal Works paid the
regular monthly dividend, No. 26, yesterday
The Paciflc Lighting Company paid a divi
dend of 40c per share yesterday.
The Nevada National Bank has declared a
dividend of 7 per cent per annum for the half
year, payable on the 16th.
The First National Bank of San Francisco
has declared a dividend of $5 per share, or at
the rate of 10 per cent per annum, for the six
months ending December 31, 1898. payable Jan
uary 10.
The Hale & Norcross Mining Company has
levied an assessment of V> cents per share de
linquent February 17.
The Lillir Mining Company of Colorado paid
a monthly dividend ot 5 cents per share,
amounting to $12,500, on the 3d.
The Republic Mining Company of the State
of Washington has declared a dividend of 3
cents per share, amounting to $3u,000. payable
January 10.
The Klktnn Consolidated Mining Company of
Colorado will hereafter pay its dividends quar
terly instead of monthly.
The Troy Mining Company of Sumdum.
Alaska, has levied an assessment of 6^4 cents
per share, delinquent February 6.
The North Gould & Curry assessment sale
takrs place to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 5.
Bid. Ask. l Bld.Aak.
Bonds— Cent L & P... IS>4 19
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 12^i 13
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 12
4s nuar new... — — I>ac Gas Imp. S7 S7>4
3s tjuar .-oup. .106Vi107 sF(i & E... 86% 86^4
Miscellaneous— Pac L Cr> — 49
Cal-st Cab 55. .112 — San Fran SW —
Cal El 6s 125K1X7M Stockton Gas.. 11 U
C C Wat 55... 104 — I Insurance —
Dup-st px c... — 9SH Flrem's Fund. 2ll —
X L & P C 5.,131 — I Hank Stocks—
V A <"I By G5.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64% —
Oeary-st R ss. — 102 m.ank of Ca1.. .256 —
II C& S 5U,s. — 105 Ca! SD & T..100^ —
LAL CO 65.. 96 — First Nationl.224 230
Do gntd 65.. 99 101V4 Lnn P & A.... 133 —
Market-st 65. .128 — ,Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.115%— |Nev Nat 8....176 —
N C NG R 7*. 107 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. .113 — Ger S & L..1625
N Ry Cal 65.. 109 1410914 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC Kll 6s. 106 — Mutual Say. — 45
N PC RR ss. 100 lOOVi S F Say U.. 485 —
N Cal II X ss. 98^105 ,8 * L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55....110H — 'Security S B 300 350
Om Ry Us 12s 129 Union T C 0.1060 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. 10 1 — Street Railroads—
PAt O6s 109 — California ....110 —
Powell-St 65. ..120 122% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — , Market-st .... 60\i 60%
SF& N P 55. 109 109 V, Oak SL& H. — —
SlerraßCal 65.104't.1i):.i 2 i>residio 9H —
S pof Ar 65.. 109% — j Powder—
B p C65(1906-6)U3i4114 iCallfornia ....16114 —
SPC 6s (1912)120% — E Dynamite... 89 —
Sl'('is eg ss. — 106 Giant Con Co. 6014 61
SPBr 6s 121 12:. Viporit 2% —
S V Water 55.119%U9%| Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4s. 103 103V4 Al Pac A.«sn..in.-%i06
8 V W4s(3dm). — — , Ger L<l Wk5..160 —
Btktn Gas 65..102 M — Hana PI C 0... ISI4 Vi%
Water Stocks— H c & S Co.. sS',i 5Sy,
Contra CosU.. 64% 84% Hutch S P Co. M% —
Marln Co 50 — M>r Ex Assn. sn —
Sprintr Valley. 102 102 Ms Oceanic R Co.. 64% 65
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A... I^4 —
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. loo —
r Cent Gaslight. los — 'Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Central Light & Power 18 50
5 Ginnt Powder Con 60 oo"
!>5 Giant Powder Con 60 2"<
30 Hana Plantation Co. cash 17 75
12" liana Plantation Co 17 $74
85 Contra Costa Water <;t 60 "
290 Contra Costa Water f.4 "
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 12<4
70 Market-Hi Railway 50 87,4
■:..t tli *!:■.- ■■! Cal 6 per cent bonds.. l".i IT.
40 ( fekland Gns 52 00
seanic s s Co 64 25
125 S F Gas & Klectric Co 86 50
$3000 S V 4 p.>r c»nt bond* (.Id mtge) l'Jl . r .n
$5CM>j S F & N I' Ry bonds 109 1214
Afternoon Session.
Bc-ard —
150 Alaska Packers' Association 105 75
47.' Centra Costa Water 65 00
15 Contra Costa Water 64 75
«,"> Contra Costa Water 64 50
145,000 Contra Costa Water bonds V 4 iV)
40 Giant Powder Con 60 75
34'» Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
16 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58
II il;ma Plantation Co 17 S7V4
50 Hana Plantation Co, s 3 IS 00
106 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
150 Hana Plantation c o is 12' i
1025 Hana Plantation Co IS 25
550 Hana Plantation Co is 37'/,
25 Market-st Railway 59 87<£
\ irth Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. lX' nT!
--10 Oceanic S S Co 64 25
4il Oceanic S S Co 64 60
$1000 B V 4 per cent bonds 103 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds 103 12^4
Street—
r.n Central Llcht & Power IS 50
$12,000 Market-st Ry Con Ms, 5 per cent. ll6 00
$5000 North Ry Of Cal 5 per cent bonds. .lo9 37 1 £
$lfi,ooo 3 V 6 per cent bonds 119 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Central Light & P 1R 00
40 s V Wates 102 12^
15 S V Water 102 00
60 Equitable Gaslight 15 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Mutual E IS no
I 50 Equitable Gaslight 15 00
' (if, Contra Costa Water 65 00
I 15 Contra Costa Water 65 12»4
VI Contra Costa Water 65 25
82 Market-st 60 00
18 Alaska Packers' Association 106 00
100 Hawaiian 68 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following -were the sales In the San Fran-
I Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1 25" Belcher 19 100 Justice 15
300 Best & Belcher. 4) 100 Justice ' ]4
SCO Hf-st .>;• Belcner. U 300 Mexican 32
200 Challenge nisoo Ophir 50
1000 Chollar lniwn Potosi 16
! 308 Con Cal & Va...1 30 300 Savage n
j< n Cal & Va...l 231100 Sierra Nevada.. !>n
.inn Gould & curry.. 27500 Union Con S3
400 Hale & Norcrs.. 09,1100 Yellow Jacket. 24
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 10 '
Afternoon Session.
3TO Best & Belcher. 36 200 Potosi 14
I 100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 W0 Potosi y.
800 Gould & Curry.. 26 700 Savage 10
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 09 200 Sierra Nevada.. 82
>"i Hale & Norcrs.. 08 100 Sierra Nevada.. 83
DOO Ophir s<> 100 Union Con 32
400 Ophir -Cl 600 Utah OS
tOO Ophlr 4S 250 Utah 09
400 Overman 06 200 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 07 300 Con Cal & Va.l 27%
200 I'.plcher 17 700 Hale & Norcrs.. 10
SChi Best & Belcher. 4o 200 Mexican 32
100 Best Belcher. 39 100 Ophir 57
200 Challenge Con., 171200 Potosi 15
150 Con Cal & Va...l 2."> 400 Union Con 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 3'J 300 Ophlr 54
300 Best & Belcher. 88)300 Ophlr r.3
400 Best & Belcher. 37:300 Ophlr 50
500 Challenge Con.. 16 1 1000 Overman 06
850 chollar 15!. r ,OO Potosl 15
700 Con Cal & Va...l 25 1 200 Sierra Nevada.. 82
200 Con Cal & Va.l 22Vb !- r ioo Union Con 31
200 Gould & Curry.. 23 200 Utah 09
200 Hnle & Norcrs.. 0!» 600 Yellow Jacket.. 22
300 Hale & Norcrs.. OS 100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
500 Mexican 3»i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Jan. 5—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 04 05 Julia — oi
Alta 06 08 Justice 15 16
Andes 06 07 Kentuck 10 H
Belcher 17 IS Lady Wash — OS
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belcher 36 37 Occidental 48 —
Bullion 02 03'Ophir 4S 50
Caledonia 21 23; Overman 06 07
Chollar 14 15 1 Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con. 16 17} Savage 09 10
Confidence «0 65 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va..l 25 130 Seg Belcher.... — 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 82 S3
Crown Point... 14 15 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Kur-ka C0n.... 30 — jStandard 1 9, r , 225
Exchequer i>l 03|Unlon Con 3 1 32
Gould & Curry. 25 26jUtah 08 10
Hale & Norcrs. 08 o' 'Yellow Jacket. 18 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Robert and Pauline Poppenberg to Amelia,
Robert, Albert Jr. and Emma Poppenberg,
Soplile, Rau and Augusta Lose, lot on N line
of Page street, 116 E of Octavia, E 21:6 by N
120; gift.
Abner Doble (by Murray F. Vaudall) to Ger
man Savings and Loan Society, lot on W line
of Oough street, 56 8 of Post. S 27:6 by W
110; *7546.
Thomas H. and Mary H. Day to Nathai^Pftl
banco, lot on "W line of Scott street, 47:8% S
of Pacific, S 40 by W 112; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Dennis
Hogan, lot on E line of Broderick street. 177 :G
N of Clay, N 22:6 by E 110; $280*).
Rosa Rosenfeld to George M. Rolph, lot on
SE corner of Clay and Spruce streets, S 27:8 V*
by E 87:6; $10.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Mary
F. Flanigan (wife of Simon), lot on SE corner
of Maple and Clay streets, S 27:8k by E »7:G;
$10.
Hugo D. New-house (administrator, by Mur
ray F. Vaudall, commissioner) to German Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on E line of Va
lencia street, 224 N of Twenty-first, X 24 by
E SO; $5551.
Thomas Cullen to Margaret F. Doyle (wife of
James), lot on S line of Twenty-first street. 250
E of Guerrero. E 25 by S 114; $300.
Spring Valley Water Works to City and
County of San Francisco, commencing at .in
tersection of NW line of Market street and
line 320 N of Fourteenth, W along said line to
fence of Spring Valley Water Works Tract;
thence S or BE to S boundary line of Spring
Valley Water Works Tract; thence E along
N line of Guerrero street Tract to Market
■street; thence NE to beginning, being that
portion of Spring Valley Water Works Tract
lying south of line 320 N of Fourteenth; grant.
Estate of Egbert. Judson (by Charles C. Jud-
Hon. executor and trustee) to same, lot on B
line of Church street, 320 N of Fourteenth, E
to E or NX boundary of Egbert Judson Tract,
thence S or SE to S boundary of Egbert Judson
Tract, W to Church. N to beginning; grant.
A. S. Baldwin to same, lot on N line of Bos
worth street and E line of right of way of
Southern Pacific Company. NW 75.14 mo or
less, thence NE .along said right of way 55:1,
thence E 95, SE 80.30; $1200.
Mary Guerrleri (wife of Joseph), Annie Blan
chini, Antonio B. and Camilla Scalmanlni and
Angelo F. Guinasso to Lucy Guinasso, lot on
W line of Bannam place, 77:6 N of Green street.
N 20 by W 68:9; also lot on W line of Bannam
place. 97 : C N of Green street, N 20 by V.
68:9; $1
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ellzabetha Zacho
rcck (wife of Fred O.), lot on W line of Ninth
avenue, 250 S of X street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
J. G. Keeling and Ira G. Leek to Rosa Levlt
zky, lots 523 and 530. gift map 2, quitclaim
deed: $112. , ,
Solomon and Emma Ducas to Christian
Svane. lot on S line of Crescent avenue, 23:4 E
of Porter street. E 23:4 by S 75, portion of lots
76, 78 and 80, Holiday map A, quitclaim
deed: $2.
Matilda Roberts to James Keegan, lot on L
line of Potroro street and SW line of Thirtieth
S 98:11%, NE 68:7%, NW 79:9, lot 33, in block
&44, Haley purchase; $10.
Alameda County.
Thomas and Hannah Davles to Henry Mohr.
lot on E line of San Pablo avenue, •"■•S-22 S of
Thirty-eecond street. S 55.44. E 90.99, N 25, W
10, N 25, W 104.9;. to beginning, being lots S and
9, block 2039. Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
PRciflc Iron and Nail Company to Charles
Goodall and Walter Powell (trustees), lot be
ginning at a point where the center line of
Market street if extended would intersect the
S line of depot ground of Central Pacific Rail
road Company, thence SW 60. 53. SW 512.G8, SW
to a point S to N channel of San Antonio
Creek, thence SW 200, N to a point, thence
SW to center of a tidal slough, thence NE 35,
NE SO. N\V 90. NW 90, N\V 90, NW 65. NE 40,
SE 545.50, SW 27, SR 2!>4.7:! to beginning, Oak
land; also personal property, etc. (trust deed);
grant.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to J. P..
Wilson, lot on NE corner of Eagle avenue and
V.'ill.w street, E 42 by X 150. block 16, lands
adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Wllllnm W. Ellis to William C. BisseH, lot on
W line of Shattuck avenue, 134.84 S of Stuart
street. S 40 by W 120. being lot 5. block 24.
Shattuck Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary T. Axtell to Rudolph W. Koch, lot on
W line of Bray avenue, 194.95 N of East Four
teenth street. N 50 by W 150. being the N H
feet of lot 18, Bray Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Sarah Carr to George W. Austin, lots 20 and
21. block A, resubdtvlslon of Frultvale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $425.
Builders' Contracts.
MlchaeL Heffernan (owner) with W. t.. Hoi
man (contractor), architect, T. J. Welch. All
work for electric elevator from basement to
fifth floor, excepting studding, plastering and
metallic lathing In 5-story brick and stone
building on W line of Taylor street. 137:6 S
of Turk. W 82:<S by S 45:6; $2155.
THE CALL'S CAX..ENDAR.
January, 1899.
Ta.
8
10
1T
M
81
Wo
4
11
18
U
12
u
5,-v
j T
U
21
2'
j£2l New Moon. I
Vj£* January 11.
-E» First Quarter,
W January 18.
©Full Moon.
January 26.
Moon'* Phaaen
/to-Last Quarter
*ii January 1.
2.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nlted States Hydrographlc
Office. located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariner.', without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. I*. S. N., in charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at j
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point: i
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 6.
in rises 7 :
in sets 5:
ion rises '. 1:40 a. n
Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
LWH W L W
Ft.
6 ...
7 ...
8 ...
9 ...
LO ...
5:86
, W
0:05
1:05
2:05
3:05
4:03
r w
0:24
" " in "I |rL__'
6.S 1:08 0.5 7:5S 3.6
H Wl L, Wl H W
2.7 6:42 6.0 2:01 —0.1 9:12 3.8
2.9 7:31 6.3 2:56—0.6 10:11 4.1
3.0 8:23 6.5 3:44—1.0 11:00 4.4
3.1 9:16! 6.5 4:32—1.3 11:44 4.7
3.0 10:10! 6.6 5:19—1.2
L, W H Wl jL, W
4.9 4:58 2.8 11:05 6.51 6.02—1.1
LI ...
12 ...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
Rnd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, ex.-ept
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL,.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. B. N., Mer
chnnts' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
January 5, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
!. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
"W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. P. X.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Mlneola |Taeoma Uan. 6
Coos Bay (Newport Jan. ti
Curacao 'Mexico Jan. fi
Doric 'China & Japan Jan. 6
Prosreso IS^attle I Jan. 6
Empire ICoos Bay Jan 6
Chilkat JHumboldt Jan. 6
G. W. Elder.... Portland Jan. 6
Walla Wa11a.... 'Victoria & Pußet Sound Jan. 7
Pomona iHumboldt Jan 7
L^planaw Seattle Jan. 7
Willamette Nanaimo Jan. 7
Czarina |Pueet Sound |Jan. 7
Corona ISan Diego Jnn. »
North Fork IHumboldt Jan. S
Weeott lYaquina Bay T an. 8
Siam INanaimo Jan. 8
Alliance iPortland Jan. H
Bristol 'Departure Bay Jan. 9
Colon (Panama |Jan. 9
Columbia IPortland .Uan. 10
Orizaba Newport jjan. 10
Marii'osa Sydney IJan. 11
Wyefl>ld Nanaimo Jan. 11
T'matl'.la 'Victoria & Puget Pound Jan. 12
Santa Rosa I Pan Diego IJan. 12
Crescent t'tty...'< 'rescent City IJan. 12
Point Arena — Point Arena !Jan. 12
Arcata 'Coos Bay IJan. 12
Nippon Maru... 'China and Japan Jan. 13
KtnteCalSfornlH.Portland iJan. 13
ran.
'■in.
ai:
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer I Destination, tails. Pier
Santa RosajSan Dieso Jan 6. 11 am'Pier 11
Queen IVlc & Pgt Sd. Jan. 6, 10 amjPler 9
Pt. Arena..! Point Arena.. I Jan. 7, 3 pmiPler 2
China Chlna& Japan Jnn. 7. 1 pmiPMSS
Arcata Coos Bay Jnn. 7, 10 am'Pler 13
State of Cal'Portland J:in. 8. 10 am P'.er 24
Coos Bay... i Newport Jnn. 8, 9am Pier 11
Chllkat ,'Humboldt Man. 8. 9 am ; Pier 13
Acapulco ..(Panama Jan. 9,12 m PMSS
Pomona jHumboldt Jan. 9, 2 pm:Pl»r 9
Corona Snn Dleffo '.Jan. 10, 11 am, Pier 11
Alllarice ... Oregon JPortP-|Jan. 10, 10 ami Pier 20
Weeott Cons Bay iJan. 10, 10 am I'l>>r 13
Australia ..Honolulu |Jan. 11. 2 pm'Pier 7
Walla Wall' Vic & Pgt Sd.iJan. 11, 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ...Mexico (Jan. 12. 10 amjPter 9
Orizaba ... Newport Jan. 12, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland iJan. 13, 10 am[Pler 24
Steamer
Destination.
tails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
, Thursday, January 5.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, 3S hours from
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 66 houra from
Cosmopoiis.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 5 days from Coos Bay.
New stmr Lm-Ila, Higgins, 5 days from Coos
Bay; in tow stmr Ruth.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 16 hours from Monte
si mr State of California, Parsons, 59 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 4Hi hours.
Jap war stmr Chitose, Goodall, 20 hours from
Santa Barbara and trial trip.
Br stmr Doric, Smith. 2S days 16 hours 40
mm from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 18
hours and 53 mm. via Honolulu 6 days 43 mm.
Stmr Arcata, Reef], 50 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. 22 hours from bsal,
bound south; put In to land passenger.
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 5.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, Victoria: Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Mr ship Wasdale. Fisher, Portland; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Lancing, Chapman, Nanaimo; Geo
Fritch.
Fr bark General Neumayer, Maheo, Queens
town; Q \V McNear.
Br schr Enterprise, Ander3on, Victoria; J N
Anderson (master).
SAILED.
Thursday, January 5.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, Seattle.
Stmr Albion, Thompson.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, Fort Bragg.
Br ship Fannie Kerr, Gibbons, Portland.
Hal ship F S Clampa, Cocorule. Grlmsby.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen.
Schr Soquelle, Pearson, Coqutlle River.
Sohr Roy Somera, Solland, Port Gamble.
Schr Orient, Saunder«. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC. |HfBB
POINT LOEOS, Jan 5. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NX: velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per National City, Jan 4, 11:30 a m, 20 miles
£v\ cf Cape Mendocino— Ship Lucile. from
Seattle for Kan Francisco; all well.
CHARTERS.
The , Gal * at c loads wheat on the Columbia
River for Europe, 36s 3d
, The Carrizal loads lumber at Eureka for
Melbourne; A M Baxter, lumber at Everett for
Honolulu; Maria E Smith, lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC FORTS.
ROCKPORT-Salled Jan 6— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 6— Schr Nokomis.
from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 5-Stmr Al-KI, for Dyea; stmr
Progreso, for San Francisco; stmr Wolcott.
for .
BANDON — Arrived Jan Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence Dec 20.
NEHALEM— Arrived Dec 25— Schr Ralph J
Long, hence Nov 30. Dec 26— Schr Free Trade,
hence Dec 10.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan s— Stmr Noyo.
hence Jan 4.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan s— Bktn Retriever,
from Tacoma.
Sailed Jan — Schr Corona, for Port Gamble;
schr Excelsior. . for Port B'akeley. Jan 4
Schr Dora Bluhm. for Everett. ■;•. •- .-
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan s— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, from Shanghai; stmr Columbia, hno
Jan 3. ■ 'O- ■■
EUREKA— Arrived Jan f— Stmr Chilkat. hno
Jan 3. ' Jan s—Stmr5 — Stmr Pomona, hence Jan 4.
Sailed Jan s— Stmr Chilkat. for San Fran
cisco: schr Occidental, for San FranoJsco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan Schr Wawena. for
Port Blakeley.
Arrived Jan s— Stmr South Coast, from Eu
reka.
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan s— Schr Melancthon,
hence Dec 30; schr Gem, hence Dec 23.
Sailed Jan &— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco. ■*.;. . '
EASTERN. PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan Ship Cyrus
Wakefleld, hence Sept 27, 100 days.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Jan s— Br ship Ley
land Bros, from Seattle.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov Chil bark
Lake Leman, from Vancouver.
CUXHAVEN— SaiIed Jan I— Br bark Almora,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 27— Ital war stmr
Etna, hence Dec 16. - Dec — IT S stmr McCul
loch, from Manila via Yokohama. Deo 29 — Haw
bark Willsott, from Port Angeles; Br stmr
Doric, ' from Yokohama; Haw bark Diamond
Head, from Nanaimo; ship Babcock, from Bal
timore; schr Spokane, from Port Townsend;
Hawship Euterpe, from Clallam Bay, en route
to Australia; l.ktn \V H Dimond, hence Dec 11.
Dec 30— Stmr City of Peking, hence Dec 23.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec s— What stmr
I Bowhead, from whaling cruise.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Britannic,
| from Dunkirk.
Sailed Jan — Stmr Karlsruhe, for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan s— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool for New York.
HAMBURG Arrived Jan s— Stmr Palatla,
from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Dania,
from Galveston.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
TOYO RISEN KAISHI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Hrannan streets, lpm for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Iliogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
| of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb. 23
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
: Ifck Steamers leave Broadway
j ' HBtea-. wharf. San Francisco:
BSaaSESSV For Alaskan Ports, 10 a, m..
' feF'>V?i^X - lan - '• G ' n - 16 - 21 - 25 . 31:
HHsl9H\bl *'* b - 6; change at Seattle.
■BEsMPI 3KI For Victoria. Vancouver, (B.
■fISngSjSSLi C), Port Tov.'nsend. Seattle,
Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
al '*a and New Whatcom (Wash.
10 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 16, 21,
26, 31, Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.. at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Jan. 4.
9, 14. 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
I thereafter.
For Santa 'Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
! Cayucos, Port Harford. (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East' San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, Pa. m.. Jan. 4. S. 12. 16. 20, 24, 28.
Feb. 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping i nly at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 2. 6. 10. 14, IS. 22, 2G, 30, Feb. 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del ■
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 12, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berths
rnML '8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13. 23, Feb. 2.
!-tate of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ._
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. in. frum Pier 42. North 2»iMb2
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE..... j an 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan" 'l
LA NOKMANDIE "jan M
LA OASCOGNE 1 Feh 4
LA CHAMPAGNE.. "Feb 11
First class to Havre, $65 and upward' 5 ner
cent reduction on round trip. Second class ♦«
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction " round trin
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATPO
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green New vLu 3
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Aeent.K '
Montgomery ave., San Francisco. A en «. 5
W&mmp ™& M H x oSoi
W?^ (O(n»Syan e ; d A W^day!
**■■■ * Jan. 20. at 10 n m
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia and captb
TOWN, South Africa. <~a*ms
.-. J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Monticello."
Men., Tues., Wed., Ttaurs. and Sat.. .
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. ThuriT
Fridays .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. i£
Sunday* i O :SO a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock. Pl«r a.
Telephone Mala ISOB.COMES FROM
THE LAID OF
POCO TIEMPO
Amadee Joullin Home
From Mexico.
AMONG NAVAJOS AND ACOMAS
BRINGS BACK A FAT PORT
FOLIO OF SKETCHES.
Some Striking Studies in Unique
Coloring and Pose That Are Des
tined to Bring Him More
Deserved Prominence.
Amadee Joullin, the well-known artist,
h;is returned from a nine months' tour
through Old and New Mexico. "It Is evi
that it has not been <4 a case of
siesta" with him, for he comes with a
portfolio filled with many studies of
"THE WEAVER OF ACOMfI."
From the Painting by Amadee Joullin.
mate and inanimate, some of
;;:ed to add greatly to his
ral of the large and small can
has succeeded In bringing out
most striking manner his peculiar
h in the selection of subjects
' in the handling of crude and unusual
are so true to na
- sinking in character that
. . attention of high of-
C the Mexican Government, who
■•.Mr. Joullin the compliment of say
they were in the matter of color
utlon the best they had yet seen.
illla's favorite study is a brilliant
towing Otomi, daugh-
Montezuma, worshiping with
tlicue, the goddess of
. :.• ■ shows, In ad
the 1' :i'l the god
a kneeling slave girl with the
-ive semi-Egyptian architecture of
temple In the background. The plc
however, tin i the fancy
■ admiration of visitors is- a canvas
by four i< < i entitled ' jhe
it is an A.( ■■!,.. [ndian sitting
". t-!i'."--.. -carti-r lark vi«w. working at the
. ing .'i blanket. Tl •
d, and are
: graduated
nto 1 l with
: sand. Among the
■ ■ n this study it is the
it it is the best thing
.1 that U
rt< . - ' •
- pe< uliarly at ad the
.- of the uncommon
In the harmonlß
ture well worthy
fine effort is that of a Navajo
:i guarding an American soldier
■ • and the
irly characteristic of these
color work is In
style. "A Slave Watching the
i.« an elaborate study in
native art
he manufacture ttery. In the
tivaa called "The
Maker," Joullln's favoritt ; •
r.. li is a combination of the splen
s rif oranf rown, black
Still another is "Prepar-
I Meal for the God Monte
. . rite of the Aeoma In
■ Maker of Hieroglyphics," de-
I ndian chiseling upon a
• all. ■"' >n the Rio Grande In a
• but admirable in
: New Mexico.
•*• .j,".'. ;: a»r. Joullln traveled a great deal and
ral adventures, in which he was
! haunts of the
r taking a sketch, and later
v train robbers. The latter
Inscription Rock.
V .'■ :' :X: ". rs had the best <>f it. and we
ack," Bald Mr. Joullln. "The
carved In the cliff they care
i with their spurs, and as
8 out <>f the i
re and thinks
trip must necessarily
■ • .. "t enthusiasm with
'• Mr. Joullin has decided not to give a
*' v1 ' ii of his new paintings.
ANNA LICHTER WILL
STAY AT THE TIVOLI
SIGNED A TREATY OF PEACE
WITH THE MANAGEMENT.
She Had Been Dismissed for Failing
to Appear at a Late
Rehearsal.
Friends of Anna Lichter, the popular
r at the Tlvoli, will be pleased to
know that a change has been made and
?lio will stay In this city for the present.
The trouble with Miss Lichter arose
over her refusal to attend a late rehearsal
of th<- "Yellow Dwarf." She was given
the customary two weeks' notice and de
i she was not a bit sorry. Monday
evening her place was filled by Miss
Ellen Merrill, who went through the
part creditably, although handicapped
with a severe cold. Tuesday found Miss
RfefrilJ confined to her home with the
grippe", and the management of the house
was In despair. Miss Llchter heard of the
difficulties and went down and volunteered
her services. Needless to say they were !
thankfully accepted, and the result is that
the hatchet has been formally burled by
the signing of a new contract, and peace
once more reigns in the little opera house.
THE OLD EXEMPTS.
Reunion of Firemen at the Banquet
Table.
There was a gala time last night in the
hall of the Exempts on Brenham place,
for within the walls there was a reunion
of those brave men of the old volunteer
fire department who have passed into
the sere and yellow leaf of life and are
patiently awaiting the time when they
shall be summoned to answer the hist
rollcall. It was the installation of the of
ficers who were elected for the current
year, and those who were Inducted into
offic e are:
President, George T. Bohen; -vice presi
dent. Andrew J. Jessup; secretary, J. J.
Guilfoyle; treasurer, J. W. Kentzel; ex
ecutive committee— Henry A. Chase, D.
A. Ftan. Godfrey Fisher. Jacob Freeman,
James Grady. Washington Irving, J. J.
Mahoney, Charles B. McFarland. James
O'Donnell. Frank Richards: d: fetors-
Joseph Figel, G. J. Hobe. William Ryck
mann II D. Xudron. Joseph S. Marshall.
In addition to the few members who are
still on the roll nf the company there
were several invited guests, notably
among them, Mayor Phelan, George T.
Bromley, ex-Judge Robert Ferral. Dr.
Dotkin and several of the city officials.
After the ceremony of Installation there
was a banquet served in the upper hall,
and aft.r what h;ul been provided had
been disposed of there was a number of
toasts suitable responses and songs that
the old boys used to sing when manning
the brakes in their valiant efforts to con
quer the demon, tire. In a review of the
volunteer firemen, ex-Judge Ferral said
that at the time the volunteer fire depart
m.nt was disbanded there were 1291
names on the roll, and that many of those
had been In the department for ten years,
during all of which they worked without
pay. Of this number 12 0 w< re enrolled
mi the books of the Exempt Company,
but there are now only 300 living and only
S9 on the Exempt's roll.
During the past three years death has
taken from the ranks of the volunteers
an average of sixteen a year, and, as
many are now in the seventies and a few
in the eighties, it Is fair to presume that
as the death rate increases the time will
not be far distant when the association
will ceaae to exist. There are now sixty
eight old veterans who are receiving a
small monthly pension out of the J
a year allowed by the Supervisors., but
of that number fifty-three are not mem
bers of th<> company. Since the organi
zation of the volunteer department Up to
the present time the charitable fund has
disbursed $400,000 for the ear.- of si. k fire
men, contributions to widows and or
phans and in the placing at rest in the
in's plat those who bad p
away. The speaker then paid a most
glowing tribute to the worth of the men
of the day! of old who risked life and
limb to protect the lives and property of
Itizens of San Frani
Tl •■ affair was under the direction of
•• T. Bohen, A. J. Jessup and J. J.
Guilfoyle.
In the Divorce Courts.
Clara Moody has been granted a divorce
from I. A. Moody on the ground of fail
are to provide. Decrees of divorce on the
"NflVfUO KINDLING fl FIRE."
From the Painting by Amadee Joullin.
ground of desertion have been granted
Edward Kaufmann from Frederika Kauf
mann, George W. Tooley from Jessie
Tooley, Elizabeth G. Johnson from James
P. Johnson and Caskelean Raley from
W. J. Raley. Blanche E. Ifteade has sued
Richard Meade tor a divorce on statutory
grounds. Suits for divorce on the ground
Of failure to provide have been filed by
Mrs. J. Ltebe* against W. Llebes and
Louisa Derichs agair<-' Adolph T>erichs;
on the ground of cruelty by Margaret
Johnston against James Johnston, and
Blanche G. Robinson against \V. T. Rob-
Inson. Rebecca Lee was granted a divorce
from J. W. Lee yesterday by Judge Hunt
on the ground of cruelty. The court or
.l. n i\ the community property divided be
twe< n the litigants.
A Hit by Johnson.
Carroll Johnson made the hit of the min
strel show at the California last evening
i with "The Belle of Honolulu.' It was
i the firsL time the piere was s-ung In this
! city by any one of prominence, and so
, great waa its success that Johnson will
I repeat It each night until he leaves.
THE SAN FBAIS T CTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
CORPORATION
FERRY BOUTS
IN HARD LUCK
Three of Them Now
Being Repaired.
A SERIES OF BREAKDOWNS
TWO FAST OCEAN VOYAGES OUT
OF THIS PORT.
The lllawara Went in 48 Days to
Sydney and the Cyrus Wake
field in 100 Days to
New York.
The Southern Pacific ferry boats are
playing in hard luck. Over on the Oakland
side of the bay they are fixing .up the
seawall, and Wednesday one of the big
stones got too much impetus and rolled
into the ferry slip. In consequence there
was not enough water for the Berkeley,
so she had to land her passengers at the
seawall and lay up for a few trips until
the stone was removed.
In the meantime the steamer El Cf.pi
tan was put on in the Berkeley's place,
and for a few trips she succeeded in en
tering and leaving the slip all right. In
an unlucky moment, however, her paddle
wheel came in contact with the rock and
as a result her shaft broke and she had
to be retired. Half an hour later the
rock was removed and the Berkeley re
sumed her trips.
During the southeaster of last Sunday
the Oakland broke her rudder so tnat the
Southern Pacific now has undergoing re
pairs the Bay City, El Oapitan and Oak
land. Should another one of the fleet
break down there will be a shortness of
boats, and the commuters will have a
lively time getting to and from Oakland.
Unlicensed masters and mates of United
States vessels of 700 tons and over will
have to do some studying between now
and July. On December 21 last an act
was approved which makes a license
compulsory, and yesterday Gardner &
Thornier, the Custom-house brokers, re
ceived word from Washington which says
the law goes into effect on July 1. It will
affect over 250 masters and mates on this j
coast alone, as all of them will have to !
pass an examination In navigation before j
they can go out as master or mate of a I
700-ton vessel again.
• The fastest trip made in years between
here and Sydney, N. S. W., by a sailing
vessel is the forty-eight day run of the
British ship Illawara. She left here on
November 14 last with a general cargo
and 9482 centals of barley valued at $13,- ,
000 and 13,230 barrels of flour valued at :
$62,200. She arrived in Port Jackson on !
New Year's eve. The record between
here and Sydney is held by the American ;
ship Snow and Burcess, which made the
run in forty-four days a number of years
ago.
Another very fast run was that of the
American ship Cyrus Wakeneld. She sail
ed from here on September 27 and arrived
at New York yesterday. While making
port she struck on a rock, but floated off
without injury at high tide. When last
here the Wakefleld was purchased by
John Rosenfeld's Sons and she now flies
the house flag of that well-known firm.
Captain E. L. Murphy died at Portland ,
yesterday. He was master of the Ameri
can ship George Stetson, but was daily
expected In San Francisco to take com- |
mand of the big four-masted Shenandoali.
He was not so well known here as his i
brother, the former master of the Shenan
doah, but nevertheless he leaves a host
of friends wno will mourn his sudden
taking off. -- V •,' r<: - :
As the steamer Acapulco was being
towed to her slip at the Pacific Mail dock
last night she ran afoul of the steamer
China and did considerable damage. The
rear lifeboat on the China was torn from
its davits and smashed between the j
two vessels. Considerable paint was
scratched from the sides of both vessels,
and at first it was thought that some of j
the China's plates had been damaged, but :
an examination failed to reveal any in
jury. The Acapulco had been at the dry
dock and was being towed in by Captain
Driscoll on the Mlllen Griffith. The ac
cident was due to the strong ebb tide
{lowing at the time.
Ferruoio Circle.
Grand Chief Companion Ira W. Coburn
of the Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica, accompanied by Grand Sub Chief Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, Past Grand Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Duke, Grand Trustee Mrs. Davis
and a number of members of local circles,
paid an official visit to Ferrucio Circle in I
Washington Hall, at North Beach, last I
night. After the routine business of the
evening was disposed of there was an
adjournment to the social hall, in which
there were assembled about three hundred
persons, and where a public Installation
of the o/flcers of the circle elected for the
current term was held. The installing ortt
( i-r was District Deputy Miss Rappin, as
sisted by a member of Inter Nos Circle
as marshal.
The new officers are: F. Marini, J. P.
C. C; C. I>. Monte. C. C. : F. L. Per
fectto, S. C. C; Miss Lydia Schenone, H.
S. ; Miss May Gardella, F. R. : Mrs. R.
Maggio. R. G.: Miss Mary Rizzo, L. G.;
Miss Louisa Bchenone, 1. G., and G. Per
fectto, O. G. At the close of the ceremony
there was a short programme mat in
cluded vocal selections by T. Jones. Fred
Perfectto and Mrs. F. Bolleo, and instru
mental selections by Miss Beahn and .*lrn.
Rehan. Then followed dancing and later
on a collation.
Battered a Saleswoman.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday af
ternoon in Judge Graham's court for the
arrest of August Schaffer, the proprietor
of candy stores on Market street, near
Sixth, and on Sixth. The complaining
witness is Lizzie Murphy, who a 11.:., a
that she had been employed in Schaffer's
store on Market street for the past six
weeks. Yesterday morning a counterfeit
half-dollar was taken In and Sehaffer ac
cused her of doing it. She denied having
accepted it and Schaffer discharged her.
She asked fur a recommendation, but he
declined and demanded the key of the
■tore from her. This she refused and
Schaffer grabbed her by the throat. She
screamed and he allowed her to go. She
returned later and Schaffer agreed to give
her a recommendation if she would go
with him to his store on Sixth street.
They went there and Schaffer again de
manded the key, but was firmly told "no
recommendation no key." Schaffer be
came exasperated and threw her out of
the store.
CYCLERS WILL MEET.
Association to Consider Important
Amendments To-Morrow Night.
The first regular meeting of the new
board of officers of the Associated Cycling
Clubs will be held to-morrow evening in
the rooms of the Cycle Board of Trade,
Parrott building. President Nippert will
preside and the following important
amendments to the constitution, which
were presented at the last meeting, will
come up for consideration:
Introduced by Scovern— Creating an addi
tional iroctlon to article 2 of the constitution to
be known as section 12, as follows: "In all
annual events promoted by the association
other than club team events, all contestants
must lip members in good standing on the In
dividual membership list, otherwise they will
not be entitled tv ride In such events."
Introduced by Games—T hat all amateur
members of the association may and shall be
entitled to compete In all races (whether open
or Inter-club events) held under the rules and
regulations of the C. A. C. C, and further, that
all rules and laws In conflict with this por
vlsion are hereby repealed.
Both of these amendments are aimed
at the same target, namely, to require all
competitors in association events to be
members of the C. A. C. C, but in the
Scovern resolution "other than club team
events" means the omission of the relay
and twenty-mile events from this pro
vision. There may be a contest.
The big race meet at San Jose, which
had to be postponed on New Year's day
owing to rain, will be held next Sunday,
January 8. weather permitting. As the
roads are too muddy to assure good rid
ing, most of the contingent from this city
will go down on the 9 a. m. train Sunday
morning.
The final game of the Cycle Clubs' Base
ball League will be played at the Velo
drome Sunday, January 15, between the
Bay Citys and Olympics.
T. A. Griffiths, the well-known racer of
the Bay City Wheelmen, has just return
ed from the Hawaiian Islands. Kenneth
Melrose and Ivan Treadwell of the same
club will leave fur Honolulu on a pleasure
trip January 11.
OFFICEHOLDERS ON
THE ANXIOUS SEAT
THE RECOUNT BEGINS BEFORE
JUDGE HEBBARD.
Contestant Doolan Loses During the
i>ay — Rumors That Glaring Mis
counts Had Been Discovered.
Many office holders are on the anxious
seat. That "mistakes" were made in the
counting of the ballots has been proved,
but to what extent no one at present
knows. The fact that "mistakes" were
made was brought to light yesterday dur
ing the count of ballots cast in the Twen
ty-ei-hth District, the count being in the
contested election of Martin F. Fragley
on behalf of R. P. Doolan, who met de
feat as a candidate for the office of Su
perintendent of Streets.
The matter of the recount was taken
up by Judge Hebbard at the opening of
the morning session. Fragley's counsel
moved for a dismissal, which Judge Heb
bard denied, and then ordered the re
count to begin. Registrar Biggy produced
the ballots of the Twenty-eighth District
and work proceeded. Snap tallyists in
numbers hovered round the counting ta
bles. Judge Low was present sizing up
matters. Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, defeated
condidate for Coroner, was represented.
as were Supervisor Byington and Judge
Wallace. Ai the close of the day's count
it was announced that Fragley had gained
four votes ;md lost one. Doolan gained
two votes and lost four, leaving Fragley
a balance of five votes gain. It was ru
mored among the snap tallyists that May
or Phelan liud gained twenty votes In
the Third Preceinct of the Twenty-eighth
District; that Maher had gained fifteen
District Attorney Murphy had lost
fifteen. These rumors could not be veri
fied, however, but the alarmists enjoyed
thn occasion. The count will go on to
day.
POISON OR GASTRITIS
FROM OVER-EATING
THE DEMISE OF PETER JACOB
SON TO BE INVESTIGATED.
Autopsy Failed to Show the Cause of
Death — The Stomach Will Be
Analyzed by the Coroner.
Peter Elmer Jacobson, a 10-year-old boy,
■whose parents reside at 143(5 Howard
street, died yesterday under circum
stances which make an inquest necessary.
Dr. P. A. Kearney was called in by the
boy's parents at 5 o'clock on Wednesday
afternoon, and found him suffering with
pains as though from an injury. He
learned that the boy had hurt himself
while playing in the yard.
At 9 o'clock, when the doctor called
again, he found the boy in a dying condi
tion. The boy had eaten some walnuts
shortly before he had been taken sick,
and It Was believed that he was Buffering
from some form of poisoning, but there
w< re no indications of poison save the
pains In the stomach.
Dr. Zabala performed an autopsy on the
body last evening and was unable to as
certain the cause of death. There was no
indication <>!' any injury whatever. Ine
stomach wat; reserved for the chemist,
who Will analyze the contents to-day.
Dr. Kearne 1 was Been last night, and
said he thought there was nothing suspi
cious in the ease. It is his belief that
deatn might have been due to extreme
gastritis. The mother says the boy had
eaten a number of the walnuts which she
admits were not fresh. I'r.1 'r. Kearney is of
th.- ..pinion that the boy gorged himself
With the moldy nuts and brought about
inflammation of the stomach.
ROBBED HIS BENEFACTRESS.
Charles Scott, Wanted for Grand Lar-
ceny, Arrested in Los Angeles.
Charles Scott, a colored man, was ar
rested in Los Angeles yesterday on a dis
patch from chief Lees. Scott is wanted
in this city on a charge of grain! larceny.
Some time ago he was employed by Mrs.
Gray, who lives at the corner of Pine and
Jonos streets, to take care of her son, who
is an invalid. He had free access to the
house, and on Wednesday during the tem
pi irary absence of Mrs. Gray he broke
Into the closet in which she had stored
lu-r valuables, taking $600 in greenbacks.
After returning homo Mrs. Gray discov
ered that the closet had been opened, and.
suspecting Scott, Bhe went in search of
him. Failing to find him, she informed
the police, with the result that . « was
traced to Los Angeles and arrested. De
tective Silvcy will leave to-day to bring
him back.
Will Swim and Dive.
There will be amateur and professional
aquatic contests at Sutro's Baths on Sun
day, and the bill of fare as arranged by
the swimming instructor reads:
Fifty-yard dnsh, novice— O. Helloer*. H. Hll
ler, L. St. Clalr, H. Anderson, G. Galindo, S.
Wood burn.
MO-yard dash, Juvenile— V. Harris, W. Daw-
H.-tt, "C. Strohlin, H. Seebach, A. Hay, E.
65-yard race, amateurs— G. Freeth, E. turn
Suden, H. Dougherty, P. Levy, R. White, H.
Anderson.
100-yard race, non-professionals— A. Hay, a.
J Hanton, J. A. Jackson, H. Seebauh. J.
RinKn.se. F. Duran.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— J. Bev
ins J. Bensen, J. Vun.lerberg, E. Klpp. A.
Hay, H. Beebach, H. Hiller, H. Dougherty,
Fred Green, Inn Green.
Trapeze and hlph clivUiK, hy Green brothers.
President Corcoran Has Appealed.
H. J. Corcoran, president of the Califor
nia Navigation Company, has appealed to
Captain Bermingham from the decision of
the I'nited States Inspectors of Steam
Vessels in the matter of the explosion of
the T. C. Walker.
Lane Lecture Course.
Dr. L. C. Lane will open the seventeenth
annual course of lectures in the audito
rium of the Cooper Medical College, Sac
ramento and Webster streets, to-night.
The first lecture will be given by Dr.
Cooper on "Botany and Botanists."
OPENING OF THE
GRAECO-RUSSIAN
CHRISTMASTIDE
Vesper Services in the
Cathedral.
BISHOP TIKEHON OFFICIATES
CZARS RELIGIOUS REPRESEN
TATIVE BLESSES HIS FLOCK.
Morning and Evening Programme to
Commemorate the Anniversary
of Christ's Birth Arranged
for To-Day.
To-day is the anniversary of the birth
of the Savior, according to the teachings
of the Graeco-Russlan church, and as such
will be commemorated In a tltting manner
by the followers of that faith in this city.
Special Christmas vesper services were
celebrated in the Russian Cathedral on
Powell street, near Filbert, last night by
Bishop Tikehon, who recently arrived in
San Francisco to succeed Bishop Nicholas.
The Bishop and attendant priests were
arrayed in their full robes of office, that of
the Bishop being purple, and the effect'
produced when the head of the church
in this section of the world appeared from
behind the gorgeous screenlike partition
at the head of his richly attired assist
ants and marched down the center of the
room to the little raised platform, which
served as an altar, was very impressive.
Arriving at the altar the priests grouped
themselves about tho Czar's spiritual rep
resentative, chanting a prayer, at the
conclusion of which priests and congre
gation knelt while the Bishop blessed
them in the name of Christ. This sol
emn proceeding formally inaugurated the
services, which were of considerable
length.
The atmosphere was heavy with burn
ing incense, and the singing of the choir,
the solemn chanting of the priests, com
bined with the pictures of martyrs and
scriptural quotations which adorned the
walls of the cathedral, produced a strange
feeling of mingled awe and curiosity to
the uninitiated stranger.
At the conclusion of the services tho
Bishop pronounced a benediction and dis
missed the congregation.
Special Christmas services will be held
at 10 o'clock this morning and at 7 in the
evening.
The congregation of the Gracco-Rus
sian church in this city Includes Russians,
Slavonians, Croations and Greeks, a few
Roumanians and a scattering of other
nationalities or races.
THE SECOND
ROSENTHAL
RECITAL
Mozart, Chopin, Brahms and Rosen
thai were the composers represented in
Mr. Rosenthal's recital at the Metropol
itan Temple last night. Not as sensa
tional a programme as that of Tuesday
night, but one stocked with valuable
literature of the instrument; and, al
most needless to write, amazingly
played. Again Mr. Rosenthal vindi
cated the heaps of adulatory adjectives
that have beset his Western pathway;
his second San Francisco audience was
as dazzled as the first had been, and
the night was a glad triumph. He com
menced with the Mozart sonata in A
major, and played it in the true Mo
zart way, delicately, fragrantly, with
bouyant appreciation of Its melodic
charms and without the lugging in of
any false dramaisms. Then he played
the B flat minor sonata of Chopin with
vast sonority; at times the effect w;is
almost orchestral. No one who heard
this interpretation will soon forget it.
It was less emotional than Paderew
ski's, it had less of the human sob in
the major strains of the funeral march
and less celebration of the futility of
hope in that awful, soul-racking pres
to; it was, indeed, a healthier and less
harrowing version that the Pole's; but
it was terribly in earnest, a dignified,
virile, masterly conception. The Chopin
etude, the one whose specialty is
octaves (I forgot the key and number),
he gave delightful clarity and freedom,
and the A flat major waltz with almost
ingenuous fluency. Each of these pieces
stormed the audience and was repeated.
The Brahms variations on a I'aganini
theme and Rosenthal's own "Vienna
Carnival" on themes by Johann Strauss
were the technical sensations— the one
delivered with fine elucidation of the
underlying seriousness, the other whirl-
Ing, spinning, rushing and twisting in
the sheerest bravoura, and both the
summit of pianistic technique. A brace
of compositions, "Romanze" and "Pa
pillons," displayed the simple, melodic
and very catchy creative gift of the
player. I hope that Mr. Rosenthal will
include some more of nis own work in
the concerts to come. Besides to-mor
row's matinee he plays Sunday night
and Tuesday afternoon.
ASITTOX STEVENS.
Installation of Officers.
At the last regular meeting of the West
of Castro Street Improvement Club tne
followii g officers were installed for the
ensuing j ear: F. N. Quallman, president;
T>.. McKlnne, first vice president; J. Boost,
second vice president; C. K. Osgood, re
cording secretary; J. A. Cotter, financial
secretary; W. J. Nixon, treasurer: B. P.
Johnson, sergeant at arms; executive
committee— F. E. Hackney, W. J. Nixon,
Captain W. R. Anderson, J. J. Cotter and
B. W. McKinne.
Fast Mail Service.
Homer J. Carr, special correspondent of
the Chicago Tribune, arrived at the Pal
ace last night. He was one of the pas
sengers on the new fast overland mail,
which rapid service has just been inau
gurated by the Government. This service
shortens the time between New York and
Pan Francisco b" thirteen hours. Mr.
Carr made his lourney from New York
for the purpose of furnishing the Tribune
with a special story of the trip.
Battered a Chinese.
J. C. Clyde, a conductor on a Sacramen
to street car, was convicted by a jury
in Judge Graham's court yeaterday of
striking Ah Chung, a Chinese, on Novem
ber 25. He was ordered to appear for
Sentence this morning. Ah Chung was a
passenger on Clyde's car and rang the
bell for the car to stop. Clyde checked
him for it and the Chinese used bad lan
guage, which Clyde resented by striking
him on the face.
Marshal Griffith Here.
William M. Griffith, United States Mar
shal of Arizona, arrived at the Palace late
last night. He states that his visit has
no official significance. He is here on
private business.
Failed to Provide.
Leah A. Davis has been granted a de
cree of absolute divorce from nor hus
band, David Davis, by Judge Belcher, on
the ground of failure to provide.
A Hunt for a Missing ./ord.
A North Carolina preacher, in one of
our western counties, whose memory
sometimes falls him at the critical point,
was recently preaching a sermon before
a Sunday school convention. His subject
was "The Resurrection." The thought
toward which he was driving with all
physical earnestness was that the doc
trine of the resurrection was the very es
sence of the Gospel. The word "essence"
he had carefully calculated to use In a
tremendous epitome of his whole thought.
Rising on tiptoe, he shouted: "In a nut
shell, my brethren, the doctrine of the
resurrection Is the very— is the very"—
Alas! his chosen word "essence" was
gone. He paused a second and then
strode forward and shouted in thunder
tones: "The doctrine of the resurrection
is the very— is the very" — . The recalcit
rant was again nowhere in sight. Paus
ing once more, and mustering his physi
cal weapons for a final desperate en
deavor, he lowered his voice, but with
intense earnestness, as If angry with poor
absent "essence." he again let drive:
"Brethren, the thought I have tried to
impress upon you Is that the doctrine of
the resurrection is the very— is the very—
is the very soup of the Gospel!"—Homi
letic Review.
CLEVER TRENCH SWINDLERS.
An Ingenious Trick That Was
Worked for Months Without
IMscovery.
People are talking a good deal to-day
about the capture of a gang of clever
swindlers, called "la bande dcs aristos,"
as it was composed of individuals of gen
tlemanly appearance, who kept to them
selves, had no dealings with other and
less preten tious groups of the same char
acter, and worked on a very ambitious
scale. These men, who treated themselves
without stint to titles, and who professed
to be very wealthy, took note in their
headquarters in this city of estates which
were for sale in the provinces, and, after
obtaining complete information as to the
idiosyncracies of their intended victims
started bold on their campaign. One or
them called, as if by the mereest chance,
to look at the pronerty in question, ex
plaining that he thought that it would
just suit a friend, who might wish to run
down there now and then. An appoint
ment was made, and in the course of a
few days an accomplice appeared, in com
pany with the original visitor, and was
introduced as the likely purchaser.
The bargain was discussed over a good
dejeuner, and then it was suggested by one
of the strangers that so many thousand
francs should be put down as a guaran
tee in the event of the buyer eventually
changing his mind, a like sum being de
posited by the seller, who would also for
feit it if he determined after all on re
taining the house and grounds. In not a
few cases the proposition was gladly ac
cepted, the money was placed by the own
er of the estate in a cash box, which, in
Its turn, was closed in a small portman
teau, which one of the visitors volun
teered to leave with him, and which was
specially arranged for the trick. The
strangers then bade their host farewell,
and with many protestations of friend
ship, but as they were leaving the house
the owner of the portmanteau suddenly
remembered that he needed some article
of clothing which it contained. The key
was handed to him by the proprietor, the
object mentioned removed, and at last
they were off for good'and all.
When the fortnight, which had boon
agreed upon as the interval during which
the arrangement must be duly ratified,
had rolled by, the would-be seller opened
the cash box to llnd, to his horror, that
It was full ©f worthless paper. It was not
his own, but another like it, and he had
been deceived by the resemblance.
Extraordinary to relate, this Ingenious
band had worked for months without once
being baffled, the money of which it
contrived to possess itself being esimated
at upward of £80.000. The ringleader, a
man about 33 years of age, had provided
himself with a rare show of French and
foreign aliases, and with a marvelous ar
ray of titles to boot. He is accused of
having appropriated through these nefarl
lous transactions sums varying from 3000
to over 100,000 francs, and at his above
divers tools used for the manufacture of
thn wonderful valises have been discov
ered. Another, who is also charged with
h;: .iiiK enriched himself under similar
conditions, had a fair amount of capital
deposited in two banks. Six members of
the gang, and a woman who lived with
one of them, are now secure under lock
and key, and the police officials are be
ing warmly congratulated on their cap
ture, which has been effected after a long
and patient investigation.— Paris Corre
spondence London Telegraph.
Slavonic Patronymics.
The patronymics of the Slavonic races
(pff, evich, nvich. In, Ich) are too w^li
known to need comment, hut It Is worth
noting 1 , as a curiosity, that the Little
Russian or Ruthenian has an ending of
Its own, enko, as In the surnames Nikit
enko, Yefimenko, ?on of Nlcetas, son of
Euthymus. Of the other nationalities
under the dominion of Russia the Geor
gian has two terminations, shvili and
dze, both mc-anlngr son.
"When the names became Russified,"
says Thielmann, "the termination shvili
Is generally changed into eff or off. An
exception is found to this rule in the case
of the Rapratidzp, the most distinguished
family in the land, which calls Itself Bag
ration." An Instance of the change above
referred to is the name of Ratioff, in
Georgian Ratieshvill; while as to Bagra
tlon, I do not know its origin, but it re
minds one of the Armenian patronymics
with their monotonous ending, ian, ex
amples of which are common ambong the
Armenian residents in London — Hagopian
(Jacobson), Krlkorian (son of Gregory),
Findjanjian (son of the coffee-cup maker),
— Notes and Queries.
■ ♦ »
A button cut from the coat of General
Shafter during the Santiago compaign
was recently raffled off at a charity ba
zar at Wichita. Kans. Two hundred and
fifty chances were sold at 5 cents each.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
«l i i
« I T «
$ I
S; 7° it •
| Will i
ft\ T T JSLJaJi ao
® %
i CureYou I
% The Keeley Treat- $
% ment is an absolute *
/A cure for all forms of I
<»> cure for all forms of v
% alcoholism and drug %
% using. It is built on $
% a scientifc and gen- $
«? erous foundation. S
* w
\t Send for printed matter that tells to
0} all about it, &
5J THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, %
* 1170 Market Street, San Francisco. < >
(h Donohoe Building. V
<|) Lankershim Building, Third and 4?
(ft Spring Streets, Los Angeles. vl/
<|> Fred A. Pollock, Manager. $
«S \»»
•^X Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^t&sSm. <»25 KEARKT ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiiiii HEARST BT. Established
In 1554 for the trpatinent of Private
fflkJuht-vnSl Diseases, Lost. Manhood. Debility or
*S^Sa^*Ss disease wearing on body and mind and
WB«PWSU)J .Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
te'Ss'« l E}*«iS ethers fall. Try him. Charges low
iK'SaJisfeiSß 4'iire*aruaraint«*«>d. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. I'. mBBOS, Box. lag". San Francisca
BAILBOAJi TBAVEL.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
FROM SAN FIULNCibCU '1O .MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *J:2O, *9:30. 11:00 a, m.: *1:45,
1:45. 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday»,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— •S:OO. »10:00, »ll :30 a. m. U:l5.
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, «6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *2:45,' 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:44 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, *S:00. »10:00, ■ »11:55 a m.:
•1:15. "3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
* EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
•nd Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. • -.-■••'
•THROUGH, TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
t:45 p.m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a-
BAILSCAD TBATTEL.
MX TllK.lt> rACiriC COMPANY.
(PACiriC BratnK.)
Trnlns !•»»*<• it ml »re ilnr to arrive at
NAN fltixivii.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) -
leave — From Deo. 18, 1898. — aimivs
•OToOa Nile*, San Jose and Way Stations... •»i43a
7:OOa Briilcia, Suisuu and Sacramento. . . . 3:48p
?:OUa Marys OroTiile and Reading Tit
Woodland "... , 5543*
7:OOa Elmira, VacaTille and Kumsey 8:45*
T::ki Martinez, San lUtuon. Vallejo. Kapa,
Oalictoea and Santa Rosa Stlßp
B:O0a Atlantic Kxpreaß. Ogden and Kast.. Bt-13p
»::lOa San Jose, LiTerinore, Stockton,
lone. Saorameuto, Plac-rrllle,
MaryaTillo, Chlco, K«>l JttiitT lil»r
H:3Oa *Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4ilSp
9:0OA. Martinez. Tr»cy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13*
9. 0il a Fresno, UakerslleM, "Saute Barbara,
Los ADgeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and Cast .6>43p
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* t 7:45*
1 2:OOx NUes, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Meiidota, Uimford, VUalia,
PcrwrrlUe -. 4:19*
•l:OOp Sacramento I'irer Steitmers *BiUOr
4iMr Martinez, San Uanion, Vallejo,
Napn, UalintOKH, Santa Rosa Oil."V»
4>oor Beuioia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, KniehU Landing,
MarrßTille, OroTlllx 10:4.14
4:SOp Nile*, San Jos« aud Stockton 7:13*
s:OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
A iißfles Qt49i
:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 1 »: 1 3p
s:3«i> Martinez, Tracy, i<endota, Fresno,
MnjitTe, Santa i.arbara and Los
Au««les .■ *■«*
SS:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 59:45 A
Bi3i»p rfmita Fe He ml r Atlnutlc Kjjiress
fur MojiiTe and Kut 8:43 p
S:OOi- ICiiropean Mall, OgiJen and Kost.... 0:43a
6:OOp Hay wards, Niks and San Jose 7t43\
*0:OOp Vallejo iail3p
t7<o«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }»i43 r
8:00r Oregon Nacrameiitn, Marys-
villt-. Itcil.liiiK, Portland, r»get
.Sound ami Hast 8:134
■ lO:O3p Sunset Limited. Fresno. Los
Au(t«les, El Pftio. New Orleans
and East. ..; 61:43p
SAN IiKAMMtO AMI IUVWAUUs LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I flf'lroM'. Nrinlnnrjf Park,- (■
«:O«a Kiti-lilmrn. Klmlnirsf. 6t1»4
»0:OOa San l.^ninli-ft. South San t*o:43\
lO.OUa I.fHinlro. Kstmllllo. 10i43a
ill:O«A • Korenf.o. Cherry • l«:l!ip
3:, (0p un ,| fl:43p
•2 "'" ll«,war<l«. t s : jl? f>
4 iOOp , Buni tbrOUIU to N |i M . ' '■«*
) t From Nile* 1.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Unuge). *
(Foot of Market Street.) _
B:l3ANewark,oent2rTille,SanJoße,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:5»»
•8:I5p Newark, CeoterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* »I«:3O4
4:13p Newark. Han Jose and Los Oatos... 0:204
tl 1:43 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations f?'3»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rremSlN FRINCISCO— foot or Market Street (Slip — - '.
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 11:03 *2:00 *3:00
•4:00 t5:00 •6:oof.ii.
.'ram OitllKD— Foot or Brand wit.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
113:00 «l:00 t2:00 •3:00 ti:QO -S:OQr.M.
COAST IMVIMON (Broad Gauge). *
(Third und Townscnd Sts.) _^
7:0»a Han .lose and Way Stntious (Now "
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) li3O»
9:00* Han .lone, Ties I'lnos. Hmitii Cruz,
Pact lie OroT« Paso Uiibles, Sail
I.iilb Oliispo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4>lOr
I0:4Oa Sau. low* and Way Stations »BioO4
II:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations 8:33a
. •»:43i- San Mated, Redwood, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Gilrciy, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Sillnas, Monterey and PaciUo
Gro»e ■ MO:3«U
San .line and Way Stations t 9:««»
•4 iIS i" San .lose ami Principal Way Station* 0:43a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations Cj3sa,
3i3oi- San. lose ami Prlnoipal Way Stations 3:3<>?
O:»Oi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7i3op
A for Morning. P (or Afternoon .
* Rnndays exceiit.eil. { Sundays only, ♦ Saturdnyii only
ITMondays and Thursdays. oTueßdays and Saturdays.
sSatu'4ay»andWeilnesdiT3. ftThur>-.l»v« an-1 Snn«lav«.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £1. CO.
|^P LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon terry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:».
j 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
, at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:o0.
i i and 11:30 p. m. . ■ .
i SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 8:J»»
; 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
• SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO,
: WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
2:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
. Fame schedule as above.
; Leave ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, '
. Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
i Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
'. 7:30 am! 8:00 amf Novato, 10:40am B:4oam
»:30 pm) fl:3oarrJ Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
, 6:10pm; i:iJiJpn* Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22pm
| , Fulton,
1 7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
B:3opm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:23 pra
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
. 1:30 i .m 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma 10:40am B:4oam
and
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm [ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartleu
Springs; at Uklah tor Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Orr'«
I Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
i Westport, Usal, Wlllitts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
j ming'B, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
! Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New;
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— m MUHKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe— 23l J Stress. ;
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. IS9S. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. (Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam 10:30am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
' 10:10am 2:05 pm ■ Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pro
11:40 ami 5:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:38 pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45aml I:3spm
B:2opm 12:30am Bakersfield 2:3oam U :2sam
12:58 pml B:sopm Visalla 6:4oam 1:15 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
• For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
. street, San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS scenic railway.
(Via - Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Kept. 11, 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays — 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
■traat. San Francisco. ■:■,''■'
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DR. PERRY IS
A LUCKY MAN
IN POLITICS
He Knows Naught of
the Game.
VERY MUCH OF A JOKER
SACRAMENTO VISIT MADE HIM
CHAPLAIN.
He Is Surprised at the Manner in
Which He Beat Rev. C.
Oehler in the
Caucus.
Oakland OffW Ran Francisco Call,
Broadway, Jan. 5.
Rpv. Barton W. Perry, chaplain of the
nobly, was called to Oakland last
■niKht to attend to an Important duty In
idro and while In Oakland he
ted an Interesting story regarding his
.-nomination for chaplain by the Republl
caucus.
1 >r. Ferry's chief opponent was Rev.
< i tehler of Sacramento, whose claim
■ was based on the fact that he had per
.l the spiritual duty for the last
mbly. Mr. Oehler is evidently not as
. politic a divine aa his rival from San
] Tidro. He was s.i confident that he
. Woul ; himself that he neglected
sual precautions and came down to
• the caucus ai Sacramento only to find
that of the fifty-four votes in the caucus
venteen.
"It was very funny." said Dr. Perry,
"and although 1 feel sorry for Mr. Oehler
1 consider that I won out fairly. You
«cc, .; was this way. The Alameda dele
gation was determined to secure the po
sition for me. Of course a minister can
do politics and neither of us under
( , t ne j ..■■■■• .r, when the cau
cus was called I naturally concluded that
l! l wanted to be chaplain of the Assem
bly 1 must m;ik< my wants known. So I
,1,(1. Mr. Oehler stayed at home.
caucus adjourned I was talk
ing to a reporter when a gentleman came
up and Bald, 'Have you seen a minister
named Perry around here." 1 tojd him I
was the man. 'Well 1 am sorry for you,
Mr Oehler, 'for it is all fixed up
and you are not in it.' 'Can you lend me
the fare to get back to San Leandroi I
asked. 'With pleasure." said Mr. oehler,
and he was digging down in his pocket
for the $2 50 when Assemblyman Know
land came out of the committee-room i
and putting his hand on my shoulder said.
"It's all right. Perry; the thing's done and
you have the |ob.' Oehler looked on in,
Burprtse and I returned the compliment i
sking him if he would like to borrow :
a nickel on which to ride home.
"I understand that some of the Alame
da delegation did some very clever trad
ing in my behalf, but that is, I am told,
common In politics, although, of course,
1 understand nothing about it myself.
The people of San Leandro. where Dr.
Perry is very popular, feel gratified that
ili>ir pastor received the appointment
•without being forced into doing politics.
HAS MARRIED AGAIN,
BUT WANTS ALIMONY
MRS. BRADLEY'S EX-HUSBAND
CITED FOR CONTEMPT.
She Swears He Has Neglected to !
Pay Her Over $700 of Over
due Alimony.
. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 5.
Richard Bradley of Alameda has been
cit«J to appear before Superior Judge Og
den on Monday morning, January 25, |
to show i atfse why he should not be pun
ished for contempt of court in failing to
pay $25 monthly alimony to his ex-wife,
Julia Bradley, at present Julia Krauth,
for the support of herself and two minor
children.
According to the petition on which the i
citation issued, the divorce was grant- j
ed on November 9, 1892. From that time
until now ?l v "" alimony has accrued, and ;
of this amount the ex-husband has paid j
$1076, leaving a balance of $724 still due !
and unpaid.
March 14 of last year the ex-wife
and Fred K. Krauth. chief of the Ala
meda Fire Department, hied themselves
to Reno, Nevaaa, and were joined in hoiy
i k. tli" groom having been divorced
but a short Time previously.
Mrs. Krauth now asks for the enforce
ment of the court's order as to the all- j
mony to be paid by her ex-husband, and ;
also prays that the- decree may be modi- \
o that the entire amount of $25 per ;
month may be paid to her for the I
support of the two children. Richard;
Bradley hag refused to do this, paxtlcu
larly sine.- his ex-wife has again em
barked upon the matrimonial ■
INCORRIGIBLE DAUGHTE-ri.
Isabella Affleck Sent to Whittier to
Reform.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— lsabella Affleck.
aged 16 years, residing at Elmhurst, was
thie afternoon committed to Whlttler Re
form Bchool by Superior Judge Ogden.
The girl had caused her parents a great
of worry the past year, frequently
running away from home. During such
absence she led a dissolute life, stopping
sit questionable places of lodging. To the
court Bhe frankly admitted her loose hab
med quite ready to be sent
to Whittier. Her manner in court, how
ever, was very rude.
Her mother. Ellen Affleck, was asked
as to her nativity, and the heartbroken
mother replied that she was born in
County ••<>rk. Ireland. To persons in the
courtroom the daughter whispered audi
bly that "the Judge might have known
that i 3 the looks of her mug."
Isabella will remain at Whittier for one
year and five months.
Three Unhappy Marriages.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. Catherine A. Wat-
Bon through her attorneys, Abbott &
Fitzgerald, to-day filed suit for a divorce
from Walter E. Watson on the ground of
cruelty. She ;*sks for reasonable alimony
and custody of the two minor children.
Pefendant is well known about town.
Dora Hampton has commenced suit for
divorce from Thomas H. Hampton
through her attorneys. Wood & Powers,
alleging desertion as the ground for the
cause of action
Superior Judge Ogden to-day granted
Josephine A> Elley a divorce from John
R. Elley on the ground of desertion and
plaintiff was allowed to resume her maid
en name— Josephine A. Brock.
Evaded Paying Fares.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Seven small boys
were arrested on the train bound for Sac
ramento this evening and were lodged
in the County Jail on charges of evading
the payment of fares. The lads admit
that they were bent on going to the State
capital "to see how the Legislature does
things."
A Murderous Lunatic.
OAKLAND, Jnn. s.— After repeatedly
threatening' to cut his wife's throat, Ed
ward F.. ("ordy of 374 Tenth street was
arrested for insanity to-night by Sergeant
Peterson and taken to the ecelving hos
pital, where he will be examined by the
Lunacy Commissioners to-morrow.
PRIMARIES ARE
FAVORED BY
THE PRESIDENT
Letter Read to Local
Republicans.
CITY COMMITTEE CONVENES
MEMBERS FAVOR A SHORT
CITY CAMPAIGN.
The Majority Is Said to Be Desirous
of Calling a Convention
by the Appointive
Method.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 5.
The Republican City Central Commit
! tee will decide the important question as
to how the convention shall be called
i next Tuesday. It is apparent that at
present there is a leaning of a majority
of the committee toward the appointive
plan rather than toward primaries.
At the meeting of the committee an
: important letter was read showing that
' the appointive plan is not recognized as
truly Republican by President McKin
ley The letter was written in March,
' 15*6. to an Oakland Republican, and is
j as follows:
1 My Dear Sir: Last night a dispatch came
I from California to the effect that tho St. it-
Central Committee of that State had turned
over to the district committees of the various
j Congressional districts the ri£ht to appoint all
! the delegates to the St. Louie convention and
. al.^.j to the State convention, which will elect
! the four delegates at. larft.
It was represented in this telegram that there
was greet indignation on the part 01 the Re
! publican masses of California, for the reason
that it practically Rave the people no voice In
the selection of delegates, and the right to vote
for delegates is Just as sacred as the right to
vote for Presidential Electors. Already there
are inquiries in regard to this action, for if
puch a course be taken a deadly blow will be
struck at McKinley*s chance? in California,
unless the Republicans of that State make
themselves felt. 1 am. yours very truly.
JAMES BOYLE, Private Secretary.
Several of the committeemen were of
the opinion that while it might be the
better plan to elect delegates to State
conventions and national conventions at
primaries, it did not follow that such a
course is best for a municipal camp;ugn.
Chairman Williams is anxious fur a
short campaign, and aa the date of the
election is March 13, he favored holding
the convention not more than two weeks
prior to that time. Several other members
favor holding the convention as early
us the latter part of this month, but a
majority is clearly anxious for a late
convention and a short campaign.
DEPOSIT REQUIRED OF
STREET RAILWAY MEN
MOTORMAN HUNTER LOSES ON
APPEAL.
Significant Decision as to the Liabil
ity of Employes' Casualty
Deposits.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 5.
A case of much significance, to street
railway employes and touching upon the
question of the right of a corporation to
require of its employes a deposit of $25
and other indemnity against loss through
damages was decided by Superior Judge
Ellsworth this afternoon.
The case was that of R. H. Hunter
against the Oakland Transit Company for
the recovery of a deposit of $25 which
plaintiff, a motorman, had ben required
to put up before assuming his duties as an
employes. The case was before Judge
Ellsworth on appeal from a judgment
rendered by Justice of the Peace Wood
In favor of defendant.
According to the testimony a collision
occurred at the curve at East Eleventh
street and Eighth avenue, where the rules
require all cars to be flagged, which
rule was neglected. A passenger sus
tained injuries on Hunter's car and was
given damages in a small amount.
Subsequently Hunter was discharged,
when, to his financial sorrow, he was re
fused the refunding <>t his $25 deposit,
which had been paid out to cover the pas
senger's damage. To recover this deposit
Hunter sued.
It was shown that as a necessary ad
junct to the deposit was a contract,
signed by the plaintiff, and specifying the
indemnifying character of the deposit.
Judge Ellsworth held that the plaintiff
had been guilty of negligence in continu
ing around the curve with his car with
out being flagged and inferentially decid
ed that the contract between the motor
man and defendant corporation was valid
and binding and the deposit liable.
The court gave judgment for defendant
and costs.
Determined that the highest legal tri
bunal shall finally decide the. question
at issue Hunter states that he will appeal
the case to the State Supreme Court.
Tesla Miners Jailed.
OAKLAND. Jan. .".—As a result of a
New Year's spree and general mix-up at
Livermore. four coal miners from Teala
to-day began serving sentences at the
County Jail, being committed by Justice
of the Peace Taylor of Livermore. D. J.
Lewis is to serve six months for battery,
John Dalton ninety days, David J. Jones
forty days and Jack Richardson thirty
five days, the latter three for disturbing
the peace.
Shot in Self-Defense.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— Horatio Paul,
charged with assault to murder Manuel
Davie at- Temescal about six weeks ago,
was discharged in the Police Court, aftor
a preliminary examination. At the time
of the alleged crime Davie, with two bul
lets in his body, stated at the Receiving
Hospital that Paul shot him because he
refused to give him money with which
to "rush the growler." Paul to-day, how
ever, proved to the satisfaction of the
court that he shot Davie In self-defense.
The Deed Recorded.
OAKLAND, Jan. s.— The deed convey
ing the title of the R. Hickmott canning
plant to the Balfour-Guthrle Investment
Company was placed on record to-day.
The consideration is $20,000 and the prop
erty is located at Filbert and First
streets.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Jan. s.— Articles of Incor
poration were filed with the County
Clerk to-day by the Kenai Mill and Min
ing Company. The capital stock Is $250,
--000, of which $25,000 has been subscribed.
The directors are B. F. Brown, president;
O. Morse, vice president, both of Santa
Cruz; D. J. Brock, secretary, Oakland;
A. S. Lasell and R. E. Ryan. Lodi, Cul.
George Morrison has filed a third
amended complaint apainst J. C. Mc-
Avoy, Eletta M. Brown, Hugh B. McAvoy
and G. Peladeau for the recovery of $10,
--000 damages for injuries sustained by
falling down a cellarway in front of their
Si of business on Washington street
a year ago.
iprietors of stores in the blocks
ded by Fourteenth and Twelfth,
Broadway and Washington streets are
complaining of the "diamond vandals"
who go about scratching up thHr plate
windows. In some instances the panes
have been cut so deep that the least
shake-up will cause them to crash.
Mrs. Anna Mentel, who shot and killed
her husband in Alameda, has been given
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
one week in which to plead. An appli
cation will be made for her release on
bail.
Charles Fisher, the lad who robbed his
parents' house, pleaded guilty to-day in
the Police Court. He was sentenced to
three months in the City Prison.
The damage to the City Hall from the
fire last Sunday morning has been fixed
at $100.
The two-story residence of Ernest Rey
at llaywards was burned to the ground
last night, together with the contents.
The loss amounts to about $1100. There
was no insurance.
District Attorney J. J. Allen to-day filed
an information charging William A.
Brandes with the crime of willfully mur
dering Lillian Brandes. The trial of
Frank H. Cheeseman. who shot and killed
Henry Brooke, has been set for the 10th
inst.
Mrs. Margaret Roberts of 875 Washing
ton street reported that she was robbed
of her gold watch and locket while riding
on a streetcar to-day, but it is believed
that she lost her jewelry accidentally.
WILL NOT PAY ALIMONY.
Captain Yon Schmidt Says He Pre
fers to Go to Jail.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 5. — Captain yon
Schmidt, whose wife secured a divorce
from him yesterday and also the custody
of their five minor children, vows that
he will not pay his wife a cent of alimony.
The captain was perfectly willing to pro
vide for the maintenance of tho children
if he had their custody, but he is averse
to allowing his ex-wife to handle any of
his money. He stated at the time the
divorce proceedings were commenced that
all that worried him was the fate of the
children and intimated that their mother
was not a proper person, in his opinion,
to rear them.
"I shall light against paying alimony,
and shall endeavor to secure the custody
of the children," he said at the time; "but
If by some misfortune the court should
award my wife alimony I will never pay
it. All that they can do to me is to send
me to jail if 1 refuse to pay, and that is
what I propose to let them do."
The court ordered the captain to pay
his wife $75 a month, and the outcome of
the decree is awaited with much interest
by the friends of both Mr. and Mrs. yon
Schmidt.
HAD BUT ONE PIECE
OF POLITICAL PIE
THE ALAMEDA TRUSTEES WERE
NEARLY BUNKOED.
A Politician Tries to Work a Gold
Brick on Them in the Appoint
ment of Police Officers.
ALAMEDA, Jan. s.— Local politicians
and the circle in which they revolve are
humming to-day over the unceremonious
manner in which the City r J rustees
turned down Frank Hackett, when tney
went through the performance last even
ing of appointing four new members of
the Police Department. Hackett was not
even given the satisfaction of being men
tioned, although he had filed a petition
with several yards of signatures and had
stated with all earnestness that he had
four of the Trustees tied up to him a- .
was as good as appointed before the City
Fathers held the;r meeting. And Hackett
was not joking when he made these state
ments, ile has figured in politics in Ala
meda even before he was able to vote,
and has been looked upon as a second
edition of Sam Rainey. lie was active In
Supervisor Church's tight, and is cred
ited with carrying the end of Alameda
that saved the Supervisor's political life.
After this heroic act Hackett thought it
whs time for him to look around lor some
! thing tor himself, and he selected a com
i fuituble berth in the Police Department.
He felt It in his bones that all he would
have to do to secure the position was to
ask for it, consequently his astonishment
last evening when he was not even men
tioned can be better imagined than de
scribed. As a matter of fitet Hackett aid
nave the position promised to un at one
stage of tne contest. When the police oill
cer bee began to buzz in his oonnet ne
sought Trustee Brick, who is chairman
of tne Police Committee. -Mr. Brick was
nominated and elected for the office he
holds by what is known in local politics
a.s the iiarmonie Hall party. Feeling mat
!he owed his party some consideration
l when he suggested an appointment on
] the police force, Mr. Brick advised Hack
i ett that if he secured the indorsement of
I the Harmonic Hall executive committee
! he would recommend him for the position.
Hackett did as directed, and secured the
: signatures of all the members on hid peti
tion. On the strength of this Brick prom
i ised him the job. The other members of
the City Trustees agreed to abide by the
I recommendation of the chairman of the
Police Committee. This was two weena
1 ago, and had the appointment been made
at that time Hackett would have come
: out on top, but the Harmonic Hall people
heard that he had presented them with <
i gold brick, and Mr. Brick delayed the
'< appointment until he could look into the
i matter. Hackett impressed, the Harmonic
1 Hall people with the idea that he was one
' of their stanchest supporters. Of course
i their pie was only for the faithful, and
! consequently they backed Hackett up.
i bat^r it developed that the aspirant for
police honors was not a Harmonieite by
any manner of means, but instead had
been most violent and bitter in his fight
against the nominees of that party at
i the last city election. This information
'' reached headquarters just in the nick of
! time and Brick and his colleagues are
I congratulating themselves that an arch
enemy did not get away with the only
piece of pie they had to deal out to tue
J. B Hadley received the appointment.
I while Homer Faris, George Smith and
William Wcymouth were placed on tae
force on probation and without pay.
Weeks Has Changed His Mind.
ALAMEDA, Jan. s.— Since The Call has
made public the fact thai Editor Weeks
of the Alameda Kncinal was about to re
tire from tne active management ot the
paper in favor of Edward Nauman. busi
ness manager, the gentleman has changed
his mind and his plans. In a published
Statement he emphatically denies that be
will quit, and he states that he has given
up the idea of going to the Klondike. Last
week Mr. Weeks offered to lease his pa
per and plant for $60 a month. A gentle
i man connected with the Encinal office
stated to a Call renorter yesterday that
the rumor that Mr. Weeks was about to
retire was correc He said that Nau
ii i would take charge on February 1;
that Weeks wanted to lease the paper to
Nauman, but that the la.ier would not
accepi his terms and would assume con
trol on a different proposition. The prob
able change of ownership In the paper has
caused considerable comment in Alameda.
Exempt Firemen Elect Officers.
AL.AMEDA, Jan. s.— The Exempt Fire
Company of Alameda held its annual
meeting last evening. The following new
board of officers was elected: P. W. Bar
ton, president: Henry Muller, fir.st vice
president; Frank K. Miilingrton. second
vice president; Charles Sturm, foreman;
M;ix Gundlach, first assistant; T. R. Han
sen Becond assistant; Georpe 11. Turner,
secretary; M. G. Strong, treasurer; J.
Henry Gins. E. Woodtn, P. H. Kiernan,
F P. Furey, F. O. Sohuman. directors.
Wants a Postoffice.
ALAMEDA. Jan. s.— Alameda will make
an effort to secure a Federal appropria
tion for a postofflce building. Information
has reached the city authorities that the
California Congressional delegation is now
considering the names of cities for which
they will strive to secure Federal favors.
The City Trustees have instructed City
Clerk Lamborn to present Alameda's
claim for recognition.
Death of Mrs. Lizzie Brick.
ALAMEDA, Jan. s.— Mrs. Lizzie J.
Brick, wife of A. J. Brick and daughter
of Alexander Hay. the ship-builder, died
this morning at St. Helena. The body
will he- brought to Alameda for intormont.
The husband is a son of City Trustee
Brick.
"Say," asked the Cheerful Idiot, "was
it Poe, Tennyson or Long-fellow who
wrote that ode to the laundry girls?"
"Perhaps you are alluding to Hood's
'Song of the Shirt,' " said the literary
boarder.
"No," said the Cheerful Idiot; "I
mean that one about 'Wring Out, Wild
Belles.' " — lndianapolis Journal,
THE VALUE OF
A COURTROOM
OF OLD JUNK
Judge Quinn Objects
to Precedent.
EVEN TWO HUNDRED ASKED
FIGURES UNALTERED FOR
TWENTY YEARS.
Justice Clift Cannot Strike a Bar
gain, and Justice Is Therefore
Dispensed in a Small
Store.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. 5.
Justice Quinn and ex-Justice CUft can
not agree regarding the value of several
ancient chairs, an antique stove and sev
eral yards of freely punctured matting —
the whole constituting the furnishing of
the courtroom of Oakland Township.
There is a precedent in the case, which
precedent Justice Clift values at $200,
whereas his successor from Emeryville
believes he could procure equally ancient
furnishing for one-tenth of the amount
named. As a result of this contention
ex-Justice Clift has a courtroom on his
hands, but no license to hold court; Jus
tice Quinn has rented a store on Broad
way, but it has no furnishing, and to-day
he transacted his business in the office of
Justice Stetson, across the street.
This unpleasantness may last for a
month, for Justice Clift will not go near
Justice Quinn and Quinn will not ap
proach Clift, and without some one tak
ing the initiative they will hardly ever
.come together. Very many years ago
Judge Nusbaumer furnished the suite of
rooms for the Justice's court. He used
them for a few terms, and when he was
succeeded by Judge Snook he was paid
$200 for the office fixings. Judge Snook
used them for six years, and when he was
promoted to the district attorneyship he
was paid $200 for what was not worn out
of the furnishings by Justice Clift. Six
years have passed since then, and it can
be truthfully be said that the holey mat
ting, scratched chairs and flexible parti
tions show the result of nearly twenty
years of hard wear. However, Justice
Clift, following the $200 precedent, paid
rent for the month of January, fully ex
pecting that his successor would follow
the example which has become all but a
statute.
"When Judge Quinn, fresh from the sec
tion of the old Sunday-school of Emery
ville, which he used as a courtroom,
came to Oakland and saw his predeces
sor's court, he nearly had a fit, which fit
attacked him when he \v;is informed that
$200 was the price of the unhandsome
tilings.
"Justice Quinn will not come to see
me," said Justice Clift, to-day, "so we
cannot adjust matters."
"Justice Clift will not come to see me,"
said Justice Quinn, to-day, "so we cannot
adjust matters. Hr> has rented the court
till February 1, on which date I shall take
it the same as any other tenant and fur
nish it myself."
And in the meantime the new Judge
from Emeryville will dispense justice in a
little store "on Broadway.
Died in Alaska.
BERKELEY, Jan. s.— Abal Raust of
Alcatraz avenue received news last night
from Dawson City of the death of his
brother, A. A. Raust. The letter came
from Rev. A. S. Grant of the Good Sa
maritan Hospital in Dawson, and stated
that the deceased had been confined in the
hospital with typhoid fever for over a
month before his death. He was a native
of Denmark, ag«>l 24 years, and was very
well known in I.orin, where he had re
sided for the last nine years previous to
going to the Klondike last spring. Besides
his brother in Lorin, he leaves another
brother in rircle City and two sisters.
No More Peddling Butchers.
BERKELEY. Jan. s.— Hereafter no
more butchers' wagons will call every
morning at the houses of the residents
of the university town. An agreement
has been reached by all the butchers in
the city, whereby the custom of using
peddling wagons Is abolished. The tinns
coming to this agreement are: Frank Es
mond, L. L.. Stein, Simon Fischel & Co.,
James P. Daley, Joseph B. Smith, George
Jund & Co., Henry Young and Daniel J.
Keane.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Jan. 5.— At a meeting of
the members of the Park Congregational
Church of L,orin, held last night. Rev. S.
G. Arnett was elected pastor for the en
suing year. Trustees were chosen as fol
lows: '.Mrs. Mary Ronaklson, Mrs. A. B.
Dixon, Mrs. R. Scott, Mrs. J. Baikie, Mrs.
D. R. Rutherford.
John Rockefeller, who was arrested last
we<k in "West Berkeley on the charge of
assaulting the Chinese servant employed
! by John Gazenago of 1058 University av
enue, pleaded guilty to the charge of
! battery this morning and was sentenced
to flfteen 'lays in the County Jail.
Th<- funeral of Patrick Russell, who died
in West Berkeley yesterday afternoon,
! will be held to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock from the residence on Sixth street
and < 'harming way.
John Noonan and L. Sullivan were ar
rested by Deputy Constable Ehinger yes-
I terday. They were taken to the County
1 Jail on a charge of vagrancy.
Charles R. Bryant has applied for let
f ters of administration in the estate of
Robert M. Bryant, who died at Santa
Cruz December 26. The estate includes a
house and lot on Chapel street valued at
The heirs are: Emma Carter of
Berkeley, Abby Brooks of San Francisco,
Sadie Erquhart of Santa Cruz, C. R. and
H. T. Bryant of Berkeley. Martin Mason
of Oakland and William and George
Smith of Contra Costa County.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A COPPER CENT— Subscriber, City. A
copper cent. United States mintage, dated
IT'.t^. is not a premium coin. Such can be
obtained from dealers for 25 cents apiece.
PAYMASTER IN THE ARMY-8., 173
Haywards, Cal. Paymasters in the Uni
ted States army receive their appoint
ments through the War Department.
LEGAL HOLlDAY— Subscriber, San
Jose, Cal. The law of California provides
that when a holiday falls on a Sunday
the succeeding day shall be the legal hol
iday.
NO NATIONAL AIR— A Sailor, U. S.
S. Baltimore. Manila, P. I. "The Star
spangled Banner" is recognized the world
over as an American anthem, but it never
was made such by any act of Congress.
IN THE SPANISH LANGUAGE— J. A.
R., Crockett, Cal. In the list of papers
published in San Francisco are the fol
lowing which arc published in the Span
ish language: La Opinion Publica and
El Comercio.
A GERMAN— E. 8., City. A man born
in Germany who in due time becomes a
citizen of the United States is a German
by nationality and an American by nat
uralization, and he could call himself a
German-American.
PLAYING CARDS— Mrs. F., City. This
department is not aware of any concern
that makes a specialty of renovating
playing cards, and if it did it could not
advertise the same, as this department
does not advertise any business or pro
fession.
STATUS OF WOMEN AND ALIENS—
Politicus Legally. City. In the State of
California neither a woman, an alien
nor one with first papers has a vote. The
right of suffrage is denied to women, but
an alien who has become naturalized can
vote after he has obtained his second
papers and not before. In some States
aliens who have declared their intention
to become citizens are permitted to vote.
SPRING VALLEY DTVIDENrx 3—Sub
scriber, Colfax, Placer County. The
Spring Valley Water Company of San
Francisco paid twelve dividends in 1807
and eleven in 189S, the one for September
tor that year being passed.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM CALI
FORNlA—Subscriber, City. The Repre
sentatives from California in the present
session of Congress are: John A. Bar
ham, Marion De Vries, Samuel G. Hllborn,
James G. Maguire, Eugene F. Loud,
Charles A. Barlow and Curtis H. Castle.
COALING STATION— An Old Vet.,
Oakland, Cal. If you are ambitious and
want to "go to Pago-Pago to take charge
of the coaling station there." you will
have to file an application at the Navy
Department and then use influence to se
cure the appointment, that is if you have
sufficient and powerful enough influence.
TRESPASS— W. S., Occidental, Sonoma
County, (al. How far a person may enter
upon lands belonging to another for the
purpose of pursuing wounded game is one
of those questions that cannot be an
swered without a full knowledge of the
facts of each individual case. In some
cases it would be a trespass and in others
it would not be.
MOTHER OF INVENTION-W. J. H.,
City. While it is proper to say "necessity
Is the mother of invention," it would also
be proper to say "necessity is the mother
of compulsion." The want of something
needed will cause a person to invent
something to serve the purpose, and the
necessity to provide food for the family
may compel an individual otherwise in
clined to devise some means to procure it.
THE EIGHTEENTH INFANTRY— A.
G., Ukiah, Cal. If you desire to send a
letter to one of the Eighteenth Infantry,
U. S. A., stationed at the Philippines, di
rect the letter to the individual by name,
rank, letter of company, number of regi
ment and Manila, P. 1., and it will reach
him in due course of time. If his com
pany does not happen to be in the city of
Manila the letter will be forwarded to
the point where the company Is located.
SAN GABRIEL RESERVATION — P.
F., City. The area of San Gabriel reser
vation in Los Angeles County is 573,048
acres. The western boundary line is dis
tant about four miles from San Fernando,
on the Southern Pacific. The principal
streams in the reservation are Rio de la
Luna, San Gabriel Creek, Cow Creek and
Tujunga Creek. The reservation is held
for watershed and timber. It cannot be
claimed or settled, because it is land re
served by the President under an act of
Congress.
LAND— W. S., Occidental, Sonoma
County, Cal. By the act of Congress of
September 28, ISSO, the United States
granted to each and every State all of
those swamp and overflowed lands made
unfit thereby for cultivation which re
mained unsold on the date of the ap
proval of the act. The government of the
several States offered such lands for sale,
and no one would have a right to seize
such lands. The question as to what
rights owners of land on the bank of a
creek under certain conditions would
have is one that this department cannot
answer, as it is one that can be answered
only by a court of competent jurisdiction
after a hearing of the facts.
THRASHING MACHINE— J. S. E., Sa
vannah, Ga. In California there was con
structed an apparatus for cutting, thrash
ing- and winnowing grain in the field. It
is a large grain frame, supported on two
heavy driving wheels, and has two lighter
ones in front as guiding wheels. Project
ing from the sides of this frame is a plat
form like that of an ordinary reaper, but
about twelve feet long. This runs at such
height that the reciprocating sickle at
the front will cut off the heads from vie
standing grain; the heads fall on an
endless apron running longitudinally up
on the platform and are carried by this
to a hopper that conducts them to a
thrashing cylinder having a fanning mill
and straw separator arranged behind it.
The thrashed and winnnowed grain is
thrown out from the fan mill through
a spout at the side, directly into
the mouth of a sack suspended
under the spout. An attendant riding
upon the platform ties the sacks when
full and throws them upon the ground,
to be collected at leisure.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,.
H C Bannister. Stnfd Mrs Pease. Stanford
\V C Peyton, S Cruz C X Langham, N V
\V 15 Truce. S Jose L Hart. San Jose
(' F Kretchmer. NY A J Hart. San Jose
W A Frost, Chgo Miss S Hart. S Josa
I Laughlin, Pa Miss N Hart, S Jose
C D Jones, Onto Mrs G W Alexander,
A II Thiele. Chgo San Jose
A Aral, NY R J Collins. St LOIII3
F H Dyer, Salt Lake C A Tllles, St Louis
H H Leland, Stanford IB Newman, Boston
B S Campbell, Denver IE J Sweeney, Seattle
G X Patterson. Pa |W G Eldridge, N V
Mrs I'atterson. Pa |F N Kollock, Portland
P X Ruben. Fresno W E Applegate, N V
Mrs Flf Wurtz. N V Mrs Applegate, N V
E A Dawson, Chgo Mrs J S Cone. R Bluff
Mrs Dawson, Chgo R P Hanakamp & w,
A. S Holt, Ohio St Louis
R A Ford. Pa A Emanuel. Manila
X M Pewey, N V M McKenzle & w. N V
tf H Gould. 8 Barbara M McKenzie & TV. N V
M Gerhard. NY J S Scott. Yokohama
H Levy. NY c L Stewart, Minn
F P Morrison. Redlnds F M Dickson, St Paul
E X Cnwles. NY HE Boyntnn, Detroit
H M Wheeler, L Ang X M Pease. Stanford
Jl Lester. Chgo \R E Calkins, USA
Vf H Derpee, Chgo I
GRAND HOTEL.
J C McKarney & w.MoIS W Crabb. Oakville
P J Keeler, Pa IF Cutting, Stockton
Major CunUfTe, Englnd R R Smith, Stockton
T H Green, S Rafael R P Parker, Livermore
G W Longan. Cal Mrs II M Albery, 1 il
J D Davenport. L Ang Mrs T Q Beatty, Cal
C T Barton & w. Sacto A T Herman, S Jose
J J Delaney, U S N Miss O'Connor. Cal
\V Hammond & w, Cal Mrs Shinnie. Cal
<l Mninhart. Grass Val A M Rikert. Cal
G Blumenthal, Or C B Lakenan. Cal
li H ''arniichael. Or E C Penrt. Colusa
E V Wand, L Ang O Halstead, Alaska
S Croft, L Ang B F Oilman. Cal
B Weiller, Baltimore Mrs C Mertens, ("hina
N Cook & w. Cayucas A P Bauman, Chicago
E B Edson. Gazeile H Blook, Seattle
L C Trailer, L Gatoa I B T Hartley, Seattle
W J Mathers, Conn |L J Maddux, Modssto
Mrs J Little, Conn |W Buckley, Stockton
L Ashenteller & w, IB Dockweiler, Cal
Cheyenne A S Neal & w. Cal
F 1, Faatz, NT JE Sullivan. R Vista
G M Stewart. B C A Johnson, Coquille
C H Day, B C 1 G X Frink & w, Cal
M Salltzer, Redding I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Sresoviih, Stockton O Bacon, Fresno
W T McDevltt, ('al N Harrison. Hanford
H D Gibbs, Vallejo W H Moeller. Or
R Mathpws, Petaluma M S Bikks, Portland
H I- Wicks, Sacto J Howard, N V
E E Clpperly, S Jose V Anzlnl &w, Cal
W Warburton, Saoto J Griffin. K'i>y West
B Muraskey. L Ang IT Sydney, Sacto
S McPonough, Cal I J L Smith, Grass Val
H J Baker, Portland T Re > nol<3s . s D'ego
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 5— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
ZS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22T1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE il hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 620 I." 1 -- st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. ISMS: Jessie Willis, n years;
Lillla Willis, 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon, 5 years 10 months: Saidy Brooks,
9 years 1 month; Eva Brooka, 8 years; Ruth
Sliayer, 5 years 8 months: 'Sylvia
Shayer, 2 years E months: Ethel Hergarton.
7 years 10 months; Sarah E. Jellin. 12 years-
Elsie M. Jellin. 6 years 9 months; lona L,'
Jellin, 4 years: Violet Williams, 2 years;
Louisa Zanfttin, 13 years; Adellna Zanettln,
8 years; Theresa Zanettin, G years 6 months-
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years; Olive Openshaw, 7
years; Olive F. Berlin, 10 years; Adele G.
King. 7 years: Anna Swan. 9 years 9 months-
Charlotte Gillespie, 9 years 6 months; Jennie
Gillespie, 7 years 10 months; Julia Gillespie,
3 years 11 months: Amy L. Swan, 6 years 6
months: Maria Gill. 11 years; Grace Gill, 13
years: Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Faint Co., 343 3d at. .
MEETING NOTICES. ■
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _.
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- "EX*
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS fFfl
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. tmi
All raters cordially invited. NT
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -
No. 16. K. T., 625 Sutter St.— Officers ■___*
and members are hereby notified to as- [St)
semble at the asylum in full ' uniform flul
TO-DAY at 11:30 o'clock, for the pur- W
pose of attending the funeral of our late
frater, Past Commander FRANK JAMES
FRENCH. By order of the Eminent Com-
mander. WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
YERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection
No I— Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY) *^S*
EVENING, January 6, at ' 8 o'clock. ft
GEO. J. lIOBE, ft?
Secretary. __9
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and ~m~~
A. M., will meet THIS DAY (Flu- __t%_
DAY), at 12:30 o'clock, to attend theTT_zF
funeral of our late brother Frank 'v > j
James French. Master Masons are invited.
By order of
EDWARD F. DELGER, W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
OPHIR Lodge Installs officers FRI- , _ t _!_to_,
PAY NIGHT. All brothers in- §*?%££&
vited. G. W. LEEK, N. G.
ilw*
REGULAR meeting of the Calednn- v MT^Js,
lan Club THIS EVENING at 8 jL i#iW
o'clock at Scottish Hall. 11l Lar- "«>vT*__r
kin st. ANGUS McI.EOD, Chief.
A. McNAIR, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Ca!.. will be held at its bank-
In? house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1899.
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meet
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 9, IS9B.
SPRING Valley Water Works, San Francisco,
December 28, 1898.— annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton St., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January. 1899, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— annual meet-
ing of 'he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco. Cal., Dec. 24. 1898.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of j
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, 1899, a dividend was declared for
the halt year ending December 31, IS9B, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 16th lnst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
16th inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
Janury 4, 1599.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery St., Mills building. For the half
year ending December 31, 1898. dividends on
term deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and after January 3, 1899.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31. 1898, at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from ana after January 1,
1599. CYRUS W. CARMAN Y. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1599.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
boarding house; pastry and meat cooking;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES— We can supply you with first-class
servants and take pains to suit you. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
LADY would like position as nurse or com-
panion to elderly person or invalid: 4 years'
experience; would like to travel. Call branch
office, 1941 Mission st.
STRONG German girl wants situation to do 1
cooking and general housework; wages $25.
708 Haight ave., near Webster st., Alameda.
FRENCH girl wants upstairs work; American
family preferred; $25. Address 1651 Fourteenth
ave., South San Francisco.
STUDENT wishes to do housework out of
school hours for board. Call at 1259 O'Far-
rell st. after 3:30 p. m.
YOUNG lady wishes position as chambermaid
or working housekeeper. Apply at 604 / £ Leav-
enworth st.
YOUNG lady wants place in country to do gen-
eral housework; wages $15. Address 435
Fourth st.
STENOGRAPHER wishes position; principal
object experience. Address box 1380, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. 416 O'Farrell St., room 16.
WOMAN wants general housework. MRS. M.
STARKE, 226 Francisco st. t
WANTED — position as working housekeeper.
\ Address box 1381, Call office.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation to do light j
housework. Apply 141S 1 Pacific st.
YOUNG girl would like a place as chamber-
maid; sleep home. Call at 205 Third St.
YOUNG girl to do light housework or take
care of baby. Address 3356 Eighteenth St.
MIDDLE age Swiss woman, experienced and
reliable cook, German speaking, wishes posi-
tion in good family, German preferred, as
cook or housekeeper: is good Swiss bread and
butter maker. Address 929 Pine st.
SITUATION wanted by Protestant girl for
pantry work or assist in an institution, or
would take care of a child. Address box 1272,
Call office.
WANTED— by middle aged woman
as working housekeeper; references; 4 years.
206 Fifth st.
YOUNG German girl wants a place for gen-
eral housework and cooking. Inquire at
French bakery, 14th and Howard sts.
WANTED— Situation to do general housework
in American family: is good cook; wages $15.
M. J.. box 1377, Call. office.
COLORED woman, good cook, wishes place in
small family for cooking and housework. ■
Call at 1619 Polk st.
LADY would like few regular customers for i
hairdressing, bleaching, dyeing and sham-
pooing; also beautifying face and hands.
Send order by postal, Hairdresser, 1206 Mar-
ket 6t.
FIRST-CLASS cook, understands all branch?*
of cooking, wants situation; city references.
1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation tending children;
best references given. Box 1269, Call.
LADY will do light housework part day for
good home. Box 1270, Call.
DANISH girl wishes to secure work by the
day. 1331 Fulton st.
LADY wishes position as pianist for concert
or as soloist. Address O. S., box 1253, Call.
AN experienced German nurse in confinement
and other sickness; best reference; terms rea-
sonable. Address NURSE, 115 Eighth st.
A YOUNG English woman wishes a situation
as waitress in a first-class country hotel. Box
1252. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
; and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
FOR first-class help of any kind eend orders to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.;
telephone Main IS4I. |
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56. |
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 : -_ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
POSITION by person of experience; nurse in
sanitarium or institution; opportunity of prac-
tice more an object than wages; references if
required. Address box 1304, Call office.
GERMAN sailor, 23 years of age, sober and In-
dustrious, 2 years in this city, understands
horses, wishes position of any kind. Address
box 1305, Call office.
MAN and wife wish to go south to work in or-
ange grove; man understands picking, pack-
ing, car loading, etc. ; wife good cook, Box
1469, Call office.
STEADY man wishes position; private family
or boarding-house; understands valet duties;
XL v_rs' Ij_i. city ra_r_c_. Sox US". Pan,
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG man, stranger In the city, wants, a Job
of any kind; speaks German. Address box
1378. Call office.
BY steady, reliable man, position in whole-
sale or warehouse. Call or address 527 How-
ard st. i \- '
YOUNG man seeks a position as bookkeeper;
has had 4 years' experience in a New York
house; age 21. Address box 1500. Call.
YOUNG man desires position in livery stable
or to take care of horses for private family.
Address W. B. F.. sis'.. Geary st.
GOOD Chinese cook, also washing; city or
country. Address 703 Dupont St.; tel. Main
1788.
GOOD sober baker wishes situation; all kinds
bread and cake. Address 1236 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS sausage-maker and pork packer;
city or country. Address box 12S1, Call office.
I GENTLEMAN wishes a position in kitchen of
restaurant or butcher shop. Box 1379, Call.
'■ AN American boy would like a chance In pri-
vate family to work for his board, with pri-
vilege of attending Lowell High School; is
1 used to housework or care of small stable.
Call or address 108 Hoffman ave.
j STEADY, reliable man wants position in pri-
vate family; can milk, care for horses and
make himself generally useful. B. A., box
1275. Call office.
: STRONG bo- 15 years of age. wishes to do any
kind of work: city or country. Call or ad-
dress 824 Montgomery St., room 14.
JAPENESE young boy wants situation at
housework or school boy to do anything.
Address K. 8.. 415 Larkln St.
SITUATION wanted by man as nurse to invalid
gentleman; honest, sober. Address 837 Brush
Bt., near Seventh, Oakland.
RELIABLE young Japanese wants situation
as school boy in private family. Address box
1267. Call office. _____
WANTED— Position by a first-class machinist
or engineer In mine or factory. Box 673. Call.
COLORED man and wife want work as cook
and coachman or nurse and coachman;
good horseman; city or country. T. Mo-
KUTCHERSON, 2256 Pacific ave., Alameda.
WANTED— Situation by a German in grocery
or wine business; can tend bar: keep books:
has had much experience. Address box 1470,
Call office.
RESPECTABLE young married man wishes a
situation as Janitor, day or night watchman:
good references. Address F. E. H., 1835
O'Farrell st.
STRONG boy wants position to drive wagon
or work in a wholesale house; age 17. 1305
Mission st.
YOUNG man wishes position as bellboy or to
drive delivery wagon; best city references.
Box 584, Call office.
WANTED By married man of 40 yean, a po-
sition of trust, where honesty 13 wanted; can
deposit $200 or $300 as security. Address box
653. Call office.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
2 SECOND girls, $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. .
WAITRESS for Hanford, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. '
GERMAN or French second girl; must be good
seamstress; wages $25. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
6 HOUSEWORK girls, $25 each; city and
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls; $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework for Modesto; $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 COOKS, $35 and $30; 6 second girls, $25, $20
and $15; 3 waitresses, $20 each; 2 chamber-
maids, $20 and $15; 12 housework girls, $25.
$20 and $15; several young girls to assist in
light housework, $15 and $10. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ___
C. R. HANSEN &. CO Phone Grant 185.
Waitresses, attention! Positions of every
kind now open. Hotels, city and country;
restaurants, city and country; steady or ex-
tra; lunch and dinner places; anything you
want we can give you; wages $20. $22 50, J25,
and $5 and $6 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
6 CHAMBERMAIDS to wait dinner, $20. Kitty
Corbett— call at once. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185.
4 cooks, $25; 6 housegirls, $25; cook for men on
ranch. $25; housegirl, Martinez, 2 in family,
$20, see lady here, and many places too
numerous to mention; cooks and housegirls
need go no further if they call first on C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
W.-NTED — A neat Scandinavian or German
girl for housework for 2 in family, $25; we
have also orders for a large number of cooka
and girls for general housework ' at $20 and
{.25 per month; also waitresses for restaurants
and hotels; we want girls for housework for
the country; also German nurses, Scandinav-
ian second girls, as well as about 50 young
girls for small families at $15 per month; call
and see us. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
-1 ter st.
COOK, $35; second girl, $22 50; two second
girls, $20 and $15; chambermaid, $15. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
FOUR cooks, German style, $25; 3 houseglrls,
$25 each; 25 houseglrls at $20 each; 10 young
girls to assist. $10 to $15; nursegirl. $15. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child to cook on a ranch $15;
housework girls, etc. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
LADIES' or gents; profitable employment:
pleasant work to take home. 136 Sixth, rm. 2.
WANTED— GirI or woman for general house-
work and cooking; easy place; no work. 103
Grove st.
GIRL to assist in housework; $8. 3824 Army
street.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; no wash-
ing. 112 Second st.
[ FINISHER on fine pants. 843 Minna st.
NEAT young girl for light housework and
mind baby. 51 Natoma st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 1831 Eddy
street. ■
WANTED— or girl for lunch cooking
Call 502 Fifth st.
LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 per day at home.
Call 101 Vi Grant ave., room 3.
WANTED— A nice young girl to take- care
baby. 1040 McAllister St.; bakery.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5% Kearny st.,
room 18, top floor. ■ -
GIRL for housework. 521 Capp st.
YOUNG lady for drug store. 1221 Stockton
street.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework.
716 Green St.
EXPERIENCED operators on new high-speed
machines in our white and flannel shirt de-
partments; also a limited number for in-
structions. Apply Wednesday STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, Gough and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts; also one-
on buttonholes, at GREENEBAUM. WEIL &
MICHELS, 537 Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladies'
wrappers and waists; steady work; electric
power. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED— Catholic woman for housework and
cooking; small family. Address 357 Hayes st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of., 1243H Park st., Alameda.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts:
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
GOOD finishers and apprentices on custom
coats, 206 Minna st.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 935 Market st.,
room 16.
WANTED— GirI for light work In store, $3 a
week. Apply 627 Union St., bet. 10 and 11.
LADIES and girls to learn embroidery and
take home piece work. 706 Ellis st.
2 WEEKS' sewing free, beginning this week
Kelster Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist; sleep home. 3530 Twenty-
third st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — MALE. ~~
AT C. R. Hansen & Co.'s, phone Grant 185;
ship this morning at 10 a. m. for Skaguay
Alaska; fare $12 50. C. K. HANSEN & CO '
104 Geary st.
CAMP cook, $50; cook for a saloon, $30 and,
fount.: working head waiter, country, $r.J;
bellboy, $10: kitchen help. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
LANDSCAPE gardener, city, steady work. C.
K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
HEAD confectioner, $75. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. -
WANTED— Butler. $40; footman, $35; waiter for
hotel, $30; waiter for restaurant, $35; cook
plain restaurant. $30; second cook. $7 a week;
dishwasher, $25; man about private place
ftc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st
WANTED— Farmer and wife, $32 50 month, sea "
boss here this morning; 2 miners. " $40 and
a 0 "!"^ a "£ ° tnere - Apply to J. F. CROSETT
, & CO., 62S Sacramento atHELP W.. NTED— Continued.
I MURRaFI iu-;.\nY..... Phone Maln~6B4B
Leading emplo'-ntent r.nd labor agents.
Want tu-day
84 woodchop))<»rs '. 92 tlemakers
vhorcmen a:ul arm hands metal spinner
MURRAY & READY, 654 and 636 Clay st.
COACHMAN and gardener, $25 and found; pr,"
. vate family. MURRAY A READY, 634-636
. _ Clay st.
•' 6 COOKS 3 waiters 4 dlshwashc-ni.
; MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay at.
BARBER wanted; steady. 1303 Webster st.
' BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday at
1509% Howard st.
.
WANTED— Steady barber. 217 Fourth st.
'.GOOD cook wanted. 528 Fourth_Bt.
WAITER wanted for restaurant 108 Seventh
. street.
WAITER, wanted at 252 First st.
VAX to wash dishes. 710 Washington st.
YOUNG man with seme experience In dry
i>ods business. 1221 Stockton ; st.
WANTED— Sober, steady man with small capi-
tal to take half Interest In paying business;
' establißhed 2u yearn. Apply 765 Market, ma. 1.
. WANTED— Man; (rood borne. SO Hannah St..
Oakland, Berkeley train.
WANTED— bootblack; $7 per week. 632
Montgomery st.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from BOc to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission St.,
bet. First and Second st« Open Sundays.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rulkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms, 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
: it., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. SOc and $1 per week.
YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
. YOUNG man, with 4 or 5 months' experience
In. bai ■ business. Apply Call office.
BOY to learn the bakery trade; one speaking
-. German preferred. Call 326 Broadway.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and SO .
years, who are cittzens of the United States,
■"or those who have leg-ally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
tnd 6 leet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis at..
- . San Francisco. Cal.
MEN wi ted everywhere to distribute samples j
'. grid advertise California Oranse Syrup: $2
per day and expenses: cash every week; par-
• ticulars fur 2-eent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco, Cal.
FINISHER at 22 Clay St. MYSELL-ROLLINS
• CO., bookbinders.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7-h; tei. Jessie 1164.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1541
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, I *'* Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec., 325 Grant ave.
TRY Llndell House, Sixth and Howard at*. ;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15c. !5c night.
SINGLE rooms. l?c, 20c, 25c per -.:'• 75c, $1
to J2 f.O ppr wk. El-ho House. SS3»i Market st.
WANTED — collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Kr ■ Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis Bt.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, flne. lanre, sunny and airy
room.. I.*>c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. P.V7 Market rt.. below Sixth.
for « room; 2"c a nlcht; O a week.
" WINCHESTER House. 4) thirl st.. near Mar-
ket: 2f>o rnoms. 2."c night: reading-room: free
'bun and hnir'enee tn ai^l from th» ferrT-
. AGENTS WANTED.
KLONDIKE for agents; rh electric light on
. ' a lamp consuming kerosene: territory nro-
tpcted'. PACIFIC SUPPLY CO., 83 Flood
. building,
FIRPT-CLASS side line for canvassing agents.
GREATER WEST ADV. & NOV. CO.. Dept.
' .A-2. Oakland Cal.
RELIABLE agents, who want a good seller.
' ' ■•■.■>■« V H. WILSON. Ran - ■-.-■. Cal.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$1 OOi-PARTNER wanted" to take orders for dif-
ferent pond selling article?; German preferred. '
•Addr^Ss hr>x r.M. Call office. I
ROOMS ANTED.
BY -gentleman with references; state price,
et<v: to-day. Address box 1307. Call office.
WANTED— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms; j
state price. Box 130S, Call office.
LADY would exchange lessons — English, elo-
• .cutl'in — for sunny, unfurnished room. T.,
- Station 11. V. O.
WANTED— MI SCELLA.VEOUS.
' WANTED— Folding bed: must be In order. Ad-
• „ dress box 12R0, Call office.
WANTED— Typewriter; Smith Premier pre-
frrred. Box .",<;. Call of fire.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD"S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, -languages, English branches;
'electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
.yeylng, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates ; laced since lSf'2; catalogue.
■ A SINGING and operatic training school. Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5: term. 6 mo.,
HI languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course, $30: special training during !
• second term for Paris Exposition. 1900 Rooms
6 -and 20, Mercantile bide.. 530 Golden Gate av.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
. hand' and Typewriting School; court reporter
"17. years; pupils qualified to becourt reporters;
• ' terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
, Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
.AYRES'- Business College, 723 Market fit.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
6PE.'CIAL Instruction, penmanship, bonkkeep-
■ Itlg and English; prep, for high schools and
' Universities. Call 11 a. m. to 8 p. m.. 7 to 9 p.
. m.-. r. 454 Parrott bldg., TRUITT & MILE3. I
. SPECIAL instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; preparation for high schools
and universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.. 7
to'9 p. m., room 4"4, Parrott building.
..PROfTmeRKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
• .mandolin, guitar, juvenile class. $1 monthly;
.'• .'guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
. X;'.LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
60c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
■ • entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
'ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
•- 'tng/ :inech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. .1564. VAN HER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
' ZI-THER lessons given by Max Maler. 526 Turk j
■ st:, bet. Larkin and Polk; zithers, music and \
strings always on hand. j
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
•• .Lelpslc; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde ft.
'■INSTRUCTION -Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. VAX 24th st.
; BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
Bookkeeping, rapid calculation, practically
' .-taught: short time. Tarr. .'.72 Parrott bldg.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
• lowest prices. Full set of teeth $3 up; fillings.
' 2. r .c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee: painless extraction by electricity
our specialty: ten skilled operator.-, no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors; west of 'Chicago; open evening and all
da.y Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate foi" the same price as rub-
ber: full get of teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, We; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
. Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin:; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown an.l bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
. tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE .W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber •or flexible' plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
' CROOME "Dental Office; best work; lowest
' prices ; painless extracting, filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up; filllntr
BOc up. 759 Market, o>ct. 3d & '.th; e«t. 20 yrs'.
FULL set of teeth, $4: filling*. 25c; 2'Jk. gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge, $,*■ ; plateis repaired;
- painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission st.
• DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market Bt., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling-, gold, 50c; sUver. 25c; crowns, $3.
CHEAPEST and best In 'America Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
post office In lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150, $2000; stock
of mdse about $8000; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market st. _____
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $25; choicest location in Mission;
nr. 16th St.; fine bargain; owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE & UNFUG. 606 Market at.
$300— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a yplendld -paying business; rent $20.
Inquire WILKE & IN FIG, 908 Market.
A— ssoo; SALOON, established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $56: close to Call building; aver-
age daily receipts $20; owner bought hotel in
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UNFUG.
906 Market St.
$1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business: death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
STENBERG & CO.. ':<'■'« Kearny st
pays highest cash prices for merchandise.
We sell and exchange
real estate and business places.
$ 250— Coal oil route, clearing $100.
$ 500— Cor. restaurant, city front.
$1000— Partner In livery stable.
$ 500— Saloon on principal street.
I 400— Partner in paying restaurant.
STENBERG & CO.. 26% Kearny st.
$125— CORNER fruit store. Western Addition;
rent $12; living rooms; owner 3 years. BTEN-
BERG CO., 26% Kearny St..
$709— RE6TA1 KANT, coffee saloon, opposite
ferry depot: handsomely furnished; doing
good business; trial and thorough investiga-
tion before buying. STENBERG CO., 26%
Kearny st.
A— sl6oo; GROCERY and bar; fine location;
large trade; stock will invoice price asked;
call and uet special explanation why this Is
a first-class paying business; you will buy.
K. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
A— s4so; CANDY factory, with finely fitted up
retail store; good trade; low rent; Investigate
this. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT and bar on water front;
right man ran coin money in the place; do |
not Call to Investigate this. S. H. GOULD & ;
CO., 632 Market st.
A— s3so; delicacy and dairy produce in large j
market; good horse and wagon. KREDO &CO.
A— s6ooo; BAZAAR; will Invoice price asked;
best town on coast; clears $300. KREDO & CO.
A— s4soo; DRUG store; value In stock; $40 daily;
best In city. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— ssso; grocery and bar; fine living rms.; good
cor. for business. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind bee MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant ave.
SALOON, with S rooms; sell cheap on account
of sickness. MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant ave.
! DELICATESSEN store; good location;
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
son for selling. MENZEL & CO., " Grant ave.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar, on principal
thoroughfare; bargain, this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market St.
$325— Grocery and bar; 4 rms.; cheap rent; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
LADY or gent wanted In theatrical enterprise!
either on salary or interest; the latest great
money making hit; must furnish some cash;
company now organizing: apply bet. 12 and
2 p. m. WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 8
Geary -it.
GROCERY and bar; Central South Mar-
ket; 4 living rooms; rent. $1S; owner there 15
years; must sell; a snap. M. LESS. 765
Market st.
A— s4o')— % CASH; established business; clears
$125; good team; full investigation; death
cause of selling. MOON & CO., 1008% Market.
SALOON, with 8 rooms; sell cheap on account I
of sickness. Call at 677% Mission st. , j
PARTNER for hand laundry; $90 work a week.
Address box 577. Call office.
AN old-established printing and publishing
business is offered for sale at a very reason-
able price for cash; A No. 1 office, with all
modern Improvements; particulars to those
meaning business. Address box 132, Stock-
• ton. Cal. ;
PARTNER wanted in good saloon doing big
business; owner must go to Grrmany; full In- i
vestigation allowed; rare chance to right
man; will trade for city real estate and pay
difference. Address Box 1260, Call office.
LOOK— Stationery store for sale; $400 cash;
must be sold this week; other business; Ad-
dress box 1266, Call office.
$1500— PARTNER wanted In wholesale and re-
tall butcher business in country. 632 Market,
room $.
$1000— FURNISHED country hotel of 33 rooms;
fine grounds, etc. ; rent $50. 632 Market, room 8.
SALOON; well fitted up; 2 pool tables;
living rotfms. 632 Market, room 8.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; one of the
best bargains In the city; great sacrifice;
must be sold. JONES, 565 Market St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
MEAT market: departure; less than cost of
I fixtures; refrigerator, etc. Box 3, Call. Oaklnd.
' $100— NEAT office business for sale; owner
leaving city. Box 1264. Call office.
BARBERS notice— Good paying E-cent shop for
sale. 602 Clay st.
FOR Sale— Model Restaurant, 1212% Polk st.;
on account of sickness. Apply immediately.
SHOE shop, doing good business: cheap rent;
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
WANTED— Business in city or country for
$1000. Box 471, Call office, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted; good paying saloon: must I
be sold at once; sickness. Inquire 702 Mission.
A— MACHINE shop foundry mum be sold lm-
mediately; death proprietor. Address 340 Oak.
LODGING. HOUSES FOR SALE.
~~SISO^NEW FURNITURE 7 ROOMS
Worth $500
35 rooms. $650. cash price $1300
26-room house; rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
S2 rooms: reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house: only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 &50
40- room house; corner 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required. ■
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & C0..; 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms, Taylor; rent only $35 $3!5 |
10 rooms, Powell; new and nice 600
10 rooms, Eddy; best little transient 500 i
12 rooms, elegantly furnished; boarding 850
12 rooms. Ellis Ft.; clears $50 500 |
13 rooms, all new: Howard st 600
14 rooms, all bay windows; corner 800
20 rooms, Mission; housekeeping 800
22 roooms, bent corner In city 1800
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
GOOD transient lodging house. 35 rooms; price
$800; within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 127:..
Call office. _^ ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Stntes or Canada one year for $1,
poftage paid. _^^^^^^^
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. ' Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont Bt.
NICKEL-PLATING plant; cheap. 1139 Mis-
sion st.
WELL-PAYING liquor store: good location;
must be sold. Inquire LEMLE, LEVY CO.,
265 Third st.
FRUIT sic.re. with a horse and wagon, at your
price. Call 614 Post st.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
HORSE and cart; good condition; will sell
cheap. 60S Hermann St., near Flllmore.
BOILERS, engines, pun belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
BRICKLAYERS— 2O.WO old bricks cheap at 11
Stockton st. Carpenter.
GOOD fresh milking cow for sale. 1625 San
Bruno road.
FOR SALE— Manila monkey; female; gentle.
Address Monkey, box 1251 Call.
WINDMILL in first-class order; large tank,
brass pump, etc. 711 Treat ave.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register.
scales, (Tee mills, etc., bought and Fold; es-
tlmates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
AM Iron Witt., CIS Sixth— Second-hand Dearie
duplex pump, 7%x10: 24-ln. planer & matcher.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, Showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-42S Sacramento St.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstends. cheap.
lIUFSCHMIDT. (Si Golden Gate ave.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bougbtrsold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth it.
~~ T ' VIMS WRITE lIS.
All . typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used i or sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph, $15; Yost. $25;
get cample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 0, 189Sr.
PERSONALS.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail; all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal Instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minutes, $2' 60; terms per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122. Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts. ; reception hours,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3.
LINCOLN BROS. ~~
Are selling hams at 7c a pound; best to-
matoes, POc doz. ; sugar corn, $1 doz. ; butter,
30c roll; flour, 85c sk. ; cornmeal, 20c sk.; oat-
meal, 35c; coal oil, SOc can; 25 lbs prunes,
pears, peaches or raisins, $1; 10 lbs beans, 25c.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth St.. above Folsom.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen in full
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
st. : patent rights for the United States, Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this Is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to Invest la a company that will' harness
the waves for work, the power of the future.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA gives a healthy
growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER. 128 Stockton St.; try It.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, price 25c,
does the hair up in only the most approved
styles: switches, $1 up; LEDERER'S FOAMO,
fine shampoo. Be package. 123 Stockton st.
NATURAL healing method; employed with
great success to cure rheumatism. Influenza,
all catarrhs and any kind of chronic disease;
treatment if desired at home; best of refer-
enccs. Box 674. Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; lOC rooms;
2Cc to $1 50 per night; $1 10 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I, MARTIN IPSEN. will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by my wife, Nellie
Ipsen, she having left my bed.
CRITERION Regina graphophone and slot ma-
chine repairing; work warranted. Address
1162% Seventh St.. Oakland.
! STAMPS for collections bought, sold: albums.
W. BEIiLSCHOPP & CO., 118 Stockton Et.
1 THE MODERN, 34 4th, nr. Hkt.— Baths. 12%c;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
j highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
LADIES wishing to learn to cut and fit dresses
perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON.
252% Fourth st.: one month's sewing free to
all who begin during January.
LEARN dressmaking, ladle?' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfect fitting-
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
; SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 91tS Market: men and women teachers.
MEDICAL.
'ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere: they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin.
I ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
I true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st ;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies an.l
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement: skillful medical attention: all those
who are Pick and discouraged consult the re-
liable special!-*- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre- j
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price: consultation on all special ,
dlf%ases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
ave.. S. F. A caution — Before purchasing
elsewhere write ua.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing: j
every woman her own physician; safe and i
sure: no medicine or Instruments used; con- ,
sultation free; pills and capsules, $1; cure $5. j
By the well-known ladies' physician for 27
year?. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly; consult
free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor. j
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good- |
win free; reliable, safe and sure: cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; n. Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure. $.". Removed from 401D Van
Ness to 1362A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall av.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% - Market.
ALLmarrted ladles knoWSeguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 Clay St.;
$150. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 K St.. Sacramento. Cal. ',
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. R. BURT. massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355% S. Spring, Los A.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. ID6 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any ■ address In the '
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. •
AT $5 60 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 £0 per month rent; new piano*.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Checkering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy I
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
|6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
•t».", San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
it. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargain." Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $19 I )
Royal piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 18»
$6 tier month: guaranteed 5 years.
BEN.T. CURTAZ * SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 709 Market st. Call and Bee
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank. '
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Ohlekerlng upright
sacrificed KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIANO that will please . you. the Byron
Mansy. SOS Post st.
HAINF.S Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell *t.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, alty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bljg., 927 Mar-
, kef. Consultation free; no fees in advance.
~~ PHYSICIANS. ~
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. ; O'Donnell. office
and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th,
HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 212%— 8ay-window house, 4 rooms;
i rent $12 50: water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ' -
COTTAGES TO X.KT.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; also flat
of 6 rooms and bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
' CHEAPEST flat In the city, 1120A Leaven-
' worth st.,; 6 rooms and bath. MADISON &
BURKE.
FOLSOM, 1186—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room; sunny; $15. ■
GROVE, 1615, near Lyon Sunny cozy 6 rooms,
bath; rent $16; Golden Gate Park.
MODERN 7-room flat; will rent cheap to a re-
liable family. 1129 McAllister st.
NEAT modern 3-room flat, large stable; rent
reasonable. 1913 O'Farrell st.
' NICE sunny corner flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$24. 1340 Hayes st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
641 CASTRO, bet. ISth and 19th— $17 50; dry
sunny upper flat 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
$15— FLAT 6 rooms and bath at SW corner of
Ellis and Scott sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
A CO_FORTAbI_' fiat of 8 rooms; $13. 13
Elliott park, near Geary and Stelner sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 662 Mission St., between First and Sec-
ond Ms. ; no children.
BRYANT, 511—2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
CLAY, 2419, near Fillmore— large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
• FIFTH. 353— Clean furnished housekeeping
suites, $12 to $20; single, $5.
FOLSOM. 870— Nice sunny front room for com-
i plete housekeeping; cheap.
FOLSOM, 883— A large furnished sunny bed-
room and kitchen and yard.
GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness ave.— Suite of 3
tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
LEAVENWORTH, Sll. near Sutter— sunny
rooms; bath, furniture; couple; no children;
references.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed; closet; $12.
MARTHA pi., 4, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 large unfurnished rooms, $10.
! MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms: housekeeping and single.
MASON, 1011H— 1 furnished housekeeping rooms;
kitchen, bedroom, sitting-room; 2 closets, pan-
try, yard; $12; Erie place entrance.
MCALLISTER, 14, room 70— Large handsomely
furnished room for rent; furniture for sale
cheap.
MINNA, 2S— Housekeeping and single rooms,
$1 10 per week.
MINNA. — Two or three housekeeping rooms
complete; suite of rooms with grate.
MISSION, 945— Kitchen and front room, with
folding; complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 119—1 front sunny room complete for
light housekeeping, $5.
SIXTH, 420 — Bay-window housekeeping suite
complete; $11 and $10; water; closets; bath.
TENTH, 136— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; coal stove; running water.
THIRTEENTH, 318, between Mission and Va-
lencia— 2 large sunny front rooms upstairs
for housekeeping; also single; private resi-
dence; cheap.
TO LET— Second st. ; nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping and single room. ■
, TURK, 35 — 3 unfurnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping; gas, running water; reasonable.
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping: or single, $6.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— large
sunny front housekeeping rooms; furnished
complete; $10. •
VAN NESS. Front sunny suite, 2 or 3
rooms: kitchen, gas range, bath: references.
___________ _
~R4Jo7I_~TO LET^
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in even 1 respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, 242 — Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 1361 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
FIFTH 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room; sunny; $15.
GEARY, 14A— Nice sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms; day, week or month; cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and j
Mission— Pleasant 6unny rooms; en puite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $8 per week.
LEXINGTON ave.. 210— Nicely furnished front
room; grate; bath; $6 50 month.
MASON, Furnished room to let.
MINNA, 240V<>— 2 sunny rooms; 1 with stove, 1
with grate; $4 and $5. I
MISSION, 2617—1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
, O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; reasonable.
PINE, 614A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POWELL. 317— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 178— Cheerfi front room, $1 per
week.
SEVENTH, 214— Nicely furnished rooms, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 817 — Newly furnished suite; also
single; telephone: bath; central; cheap.
j TENTH, 123 — Large punny front bay-window
furnished room; rent reasonable.
TURK, 529— Large unfurnished alcove room, 2
closets, running water; also front parlor.
TAYLOR 407— A sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished; with grate; gentlemen preferred.
$5 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined:
sunny; furnished. Box B«9. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. ■■ Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able. _ j
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fr*lrmount, 1714 -Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 411— A sunny furnished room for
2, with board, $40; gas, bath.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
i cellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
PINE. 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; Elnfrle rooms, excellent board: ref.
STEVENSON, 447— Large front room: double
bed; very cheap.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board: loca-
tion unsurnnssed: reasonable.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; nice home; block from
school; $3 month. 1414 21st ave., E. Oakland.
CHILD to board; pay not so much of an object
as company. 3727 Sacramento St., lower flat.
WANTED— ChiId to board; German family.
Address box W. Call office.
~ ~ STORES TO LET.
VALENCIA, cor. Sixteenth— fine store
with dry basement; photo glass front suit-
able for grocery; rent $05. ASH TON &
GARDINER. ;
SPLENDID location for dressmaker, dress find-
ings and notion store or for millinery. 702
McAllister st., near Cough.
" OFFICES TO LEU'.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
; or suite. 1200 Market st. cor. Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 917 Market St.—
Light, teat, janitor and telephone: rents $13 hi
to $20. ASIITON & GARDNER, room 210.
.SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
MRS. DR. A. d. howe,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you in full of all that you are
Interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
ATTENTION— I do not locate mines, hidden
treasures, nor give • lottery numbers, but if
you are in trouble and need help come to
me. Advice given on all subjects; valuable
Information given to users of morphine. Five
questions answered by mall, $1. LEANDER.
King of Mediums, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MANDENA, . medium, palmist; roomings,
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 234% Sixth Bt.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haigrht st.
MRP. KATE HOPKINS, trance medium: read-
ings dally, $1. 322 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. S: 23c: sitings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at lO2B>/fi Market st.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marrla_e with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Fend stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023V* Mar-
ket st.
MRS. DALINE, arrived from the East; palm-
istry and card reader. 953^ Howard; satis-
faction guaranteed.
YOUR future told by cards: ladles. 10c; prints,
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card readings; 10c: ladies
only. 543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Cth. rm. 10.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay: 2r.c. 1150 Mission.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the bent medium and card
reader; 2-"c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. DR. A:.NA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable: loans made on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room; ,
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building; established ISSI. UN<-LE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.: tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
. bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120
Ellis Et., room 4: until Feb. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE), 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Drvden. 413 Montgomery st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS "~"~
FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un-
til January 12, 1899, at 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
for furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year end-
ing 2Sth" of February, 1900, the said proposals
to be opened before and the award of con-
tracts to be made by the Joint Committee
of Congress on Public Printing to the lowest
and best bidder for the Interest of the Gov-
ernment, the committee reserving to itself
the right to reject any and all bids, as its
Judgment of the best interests of the Gov-
ernment may dictate.
Detailed schedules of the description,
quantity and quality of the paper required,
accompanied by samples and blank proposals,
and giving the regulations with which bid-
ders must comply, can be obtained by ad-
dressing F. W. Palmer, Public Printer,
Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying such quantities of paper as may be
needed during the year, and no more.
The estimated quantities set forth In detail
in the schedule comprise:
65,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24x38.
15.000 reams machine-finish printing; paper,
88x48:
32,000 . reams sized and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, various sizes.
29,600 reams white writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2800 ream* colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
2000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
75,000 pounds of best plate paper.
200,000 pounds of best map paper.
250,000 pounds superfine (double) coated
book paper.
3600 reams mantla paper, various sizes and
weights.
] r <\foft pounds glazed bond paper.
;:.,.JJ pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes.
3000 pounds parchment deed.
110,000 sheets cardboard, various colors,
sizes and weights.
2,600,000 sheets bristol board, various colors,
sizes and weights.
7800 reams first-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights.
9000 reams second-clan ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights.
S7OO reams tissue and copying paper.
36 reams blotting paper, any required color
and weight.
150 reams tar paper, 24x36.
345 reams -Maid, marble and comb paper,
various sizes.
860 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
865 reams cap, letter and note paper.
100 reams white French folio, 17xi2.
2000 sheets parchment, 15x21.
Proposals will be received for one thou-
sand reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of
Congress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER.
Public Printer.
Washington, D. C, December 23, 1858.
LOST.
LOST— About December 17 or 18, two pearl
stick pins, connected with chain; return Call
office and claim reward.
LOST— yellow dog; collar with bells;
name Jacko. Liberal reward 1001 Sutter st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbcrnia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of Michael J. Doyle, No. 122,444; the
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— GoId society medal: name H. BENARD
on back. Return to 104 Seventh St.: reward.
LOST— A white and liver colored pointer bitch;
. tag 2197. Return to 533 Harrison St.; reward.
~ C _U_T CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, M?r.,
SS and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINC/S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Re per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-heating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.. tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bid?. ; cut rates. SCRIB-
NF.R & CO.. 1145 Mission St., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main &71&
„ CITY REAL ESTATE. ....
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new T-ro^n~and~bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements;
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
J FIXE handsome 4-room cottage, cor, lot 25xS0,
with stable for 3 horses. 1439 Shotwell st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURT.
Builder, 621 K St., Sunset District.
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN. dealer In city real
estate; business property and appraisements
a specialty. Office, 15 Grant ave.. ..■j~-;..-.
I — "~— — — — — —~~ — ~
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
460 ACRES near Llvermore, Alameda County;
heavy oak timber; springs; house; fence;
value $4600; will exchange for lands or town
property In Tehama, Shasta or Lassen coun-
ties. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
$200— SO ACRES fine redwood timber land near
Uklah. 125 Fifth St.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGES.
GOOD quartz mine on the mother lode. Cala-
veras Co.. and 25 lots in this city, ail clear,
to haace for a general ranch. Address
box 1274, Call.
IMPROVED real estate : will exchange for i
country property. ROBINSON, 22% Geary st. >
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— By a trustworthy, abstemious man.
a few acres of land with a good house and
outbuildings, suitable for a chicken ranch,
near a good market town and school; Santa
Rosa or Petaluma district desirable. B. S.,
" Call office. Oakland.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sale? every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW Studebaker phaeton, worth $250, will sell
cheap. 1712 Eddy st.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsnm st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FTRNtTURE^Good and cheapT~H S^HELL-
HAAS" old store. 408 Eleventh st. See htm.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMGDA REAL, ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio ave.
$1100— lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara ave.
$1500 — New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. work
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — 50x150 elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda, ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
David L. Trabue and Inger Korb .....'..30-26
Cailo Giovannoni and Angelina R0bin1.;. .27-21
Jacob Brodesser and Mamie Lessmann 24-24
Giovannia Vattune and Maria Delneri 26-21
P. G. Marino and Maria Ferrazzano 24-16
Giuseppe Leonardlnl and Angela Massa 34-24
Salvatore Nunziato and Maria Camicia 21-18
William J. Dart and Kate M. Adams 23-24
Martinius Andersen and Hilda C. Kallman. 34-20
~ BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and <1e»»h notices rent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
STAFFORD— In Redwood City, December 27.
1898, to the wife of Daniel R. Stafford, a
- daughter.
_____
MARRIED.
ABRAHAMS— GOSLINER— In this city. De-
cember 23, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto,
Moe Abrahams and Hannah Gosllner, both of
San Francisco.
LIVINGSTON— LIZZOVA— In this city, Janu-
ary 1. 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Ben-
jamin Livingston and Saideo Lizzova, both of
San Francisco.
NEUMILLER— TAYLOR— In this city, Decem-
ber 28, 1898, by the Rev. M. D. * Connolly.
George A. Neumiller and Lillian M. Taylor,
both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Barrett, Mary McKibben, William
Beeman, Royal M. Moody, E. Philip
Bootz, Mariana Murnane, James J.
Boyd, John E. O'Connor, Mary E.
Bresnahan, Bridget O'Neal, Mary C.
Brick, Mrs. Lizzie J. Poppenberg, Robert
Brown, Rosalie Raicevich, Reglna
Connahan, Joseph F. Reifly, Teresa
Cordes, Lloyd F. Remaye. Victor
Dunn, John Reimers, Frederick
French, Frank J. Schareg, Christina
Heegaard, Harriet Terrell, James
Higgina, Thomas Walker, Joseph W.
Hogan, Sweyn G. Wanl, Mary E.
Jackson, Stephen Walsh, Miss Ann
Jacobson, Peter E. Whippier, Charles F.
Kelly. Mary White. James G.
Kerrens. Mary Wlllen, Henry
Lewis, Madeline E. Wobber, Clarence
McFaul, James Woltmann, Bertha J.
BARRETT— this city, Jenuary 3, 1899, Mary,
relict of the late Michael Barrett, and be-
loved mother of Mrs. <*eorge Kearns, a na-
tive of Clonakilty, County Cork, Ireland, aged
75 years.
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 29 Masonic avenue, thence to Holy
Cross Church for services, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BEEMAN- In this city, January 3, 1599. Royal
Mateo, beloved son of William and Wilhel-
mlna Beeman, and brother of Mercedes, Vir-
ginia and Isabelle Beeman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 5 months and 20
days.
IC?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his aunt, Mrs. D. L. Bartlett, 6138 York
street, between Eighteenth and Nineteenth,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BOOTZ— In this city, January 5, 1899, Mariana,
dearly beloved wife of Adam Bootz, and be-
loved mother of Adam J. Bootz Jr., Mrs.
Henrietta Krellng and Mamie, Rlcnards, The-
resa and the late Henry and Frederlcka
Bootz, a native of Sufiinghelm, Germany,
aged 72 years and 7 months.
BOYD— In this city, January 5, 1899, John Ed-
mund, beloved son of Captain George W. and
Nancy S. Boyd. and brother of Mrs. Captain
. Josephine M. Young, a native of Maine, aged
44 years 1 month and 11 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BRESNAHAN— In this city, January 5, 1899,
Bridget, dearly beloved wife of James I.
Bresnahan, mother of Stephen, John, Thomas,
Mary and Frank Bresnahan. and sister of
Mary and John Gaffney, a native of Klllu-
can. County Westmeath, Ireland, aged 35
years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 642*1 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRICK— In St. Helena. January 5, 1899. Mrs.
Lizzie J., beloved wife of H. J. Brick, and
daughter of Alexander Hay, all of Alameda.
(CTNotice of funeral to follow.
BROWN— In San Mateo, January 5, 1599, Ro-
salie, beloved daughter of William H. and
Rosalie Brown, a native of San Mateo, Cal.,
aged 3 years and 2 months.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 8, at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, San Mateo, Cal.
CONNAHAN— In this city, January 4, 1599, Jo-
seph F., dearly beloved and only son of Cor-
nelius and the late Rose Connahan, and
brother of Annie, Nellie, Lillian and Ger-
trude Connahan and Mrs. J. J. Tracy; a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months
and 15 days.
Darling Joe, thou hast left us.
And thy loss we deeply feel;
But the God who has bereft us
He can all our sorrows heal,
lE?' Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow. (Sat-
urday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence of
his father, 23 Baker street, thence to St.
Antes Church, where a Solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CORDES-In this city, January 4. 1899, Lloyd
Frank, dearly beloved son of Albert and
Elizabeth Cordes, brother of Albert, Lillian
Angela, Ethel. Clifton and Arthur Cordes.
and grandson of Robert and Catherine Booth,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 26 days.
ESTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday p. at 10:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2917 Twenty-fifth street, be-
tween Bryant and York. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DUNN— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 5, 1899, John Dunn, a native of New
York, aged 51 years.
FRENCH— In this city, January 3, 1899. Frank
J.. husband of Helen Satterlee French, and
•father of Frank S. and Harold French,'" a na-
tive of Maine, aged 61 years and 2 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
• this day (Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, at the
Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montgom-
ery streets, under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge No. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HEEGA.-.RD— In this city. January 4, 1899,
■ Harriet, beloved wife of Steffan Heeeraard.
and mother of Mrs. G. H. Warner, Mrs. C.
Heegaard, Mrs. W. G. Scott and Mrs. C. A.
Lee. a native of England, aged 72 years.
I*Friends1 * Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1001 Capp street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. -
HIGGINS —In this city, January 4. 1899.
Thomas Higglns, beloved brother of Cather-
ine Russell, a native of County Tlpperary,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
E?"Frlen']s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 730 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soui,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOGAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 5, 1899, Sweyn Gustavus Hogan, a
native of New York., aged 39 years.
JACKSON — In this city, January 5, 1899,
Stephen, beloved husband of Helen S. Jack-
sun, a, native of Now Hampshire, aged 73
yenrs !> months and 15 days.
ETNotiee of funeral here.-ifter.
JACOBSON— In this city, January 6, 1399, Peter
Elmer, dearly beloved son of Peter J. and
May .' . bson and brother of Charles W..
Harry and Oscar Jacobson, a nat : of Lodi,
San Joaquln County, Cal., aged 10 years and
26 days.
KELLY— this city, January 5. 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of John Kelly, mother of Mary
and Katie Kelly, sister of Delia. Patrick and
Martin Smith, and niece of Mrs. John Mahon,
a native of Ahascragh, County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 25 years.
KERRENS— In this city, January 4, 1539, Mary
Kerrens, a native of Ireland, aged 67' years.
LEWIS— In this city, January 5, lSiTj. Madeline
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Harry J. and
the late Theresa Lewis, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 15 days.
McFAUL— In this city, January 3, 1899, James,
beloved husband of Mary F. McFaul, and
father of John and Alexander McFaul. a na-
tive of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 57
years.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 100S Harrison street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, for services at 10 -o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKIBBEN— Golden Gate. January 5. 1599,
William A., beloved husband of Eliza Mc-
Kibben. and father of William and Oscar
McKibben. a native of Ohio, aged 65 years
and 8 months.
MOODY— In this city. January 4. 1899, E.
Philip, beloved son of John C. and Theresa
M. Moody, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years. .•■ •. 'v ■"-'
E7"Tlie funeral will take place this .day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from Kl7 Filbert
street, thence to St. Dominic s Church.
Stelner etreet, for funeral services at 10:15
o'clock. Interment private. Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MURNANE— In this city, January 5, 1893,
James J. Murnane, a native of Balllnahinch
parish of Knocklong, County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 25 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city, January 4, 1599, Mary
Ellen, relict of the late James O'Connor,
and dearly beloved mother of William V.,
Michael J. and Patrick M. O'Connor. Mrs.
J. H. Williams and Mrs. J. C. Caveney and
the late James F. O'Connor, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 73 years and
8 months.
lETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1303 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn nigh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
O'NEAL— In this city. January 5, 1899, Mary
C, beloved wife of John H. O'Neal, mother
of Catherine, Nora, John. Daniel and George
O'Neal, and sister of Mrs. Maurice Herrin,
a native of Bar.gor, Me., aged 41 years.
POPPENBERG— In this city, January 4, 1899,
Robert, beloved husband of the late Pauline
Poppenberg, and father of Amalia Poppen-
berg, Mrs. J. F. Rau, Mrs. H. Lase of Hono-
lulu and Robert and Albert Poppenberg, a
native of Germany, aged 75 years 6 month*
24 days. A member of Gesellschaft Teutonla,
German. Stamni No. S3, U. O. R. M. ; Gar-
field Poet NO. 34, G. A. R. ; Musical Fund
Society and Musicians' Union. (Honolulu and
Buffalo. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 126 Page street, between Gough and
Octavia, thence to Teutonla Hall. 1322 How-
ard street, where funeral services will be held
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
RAICEVICH— In this city. January 4, 1899,
Reglna. dearly beloved daughter of Spiro and
Lillie Raicevich, and sister of George, Ella,
Splro, Peter, Lillie, Rudolph and Valeria
Raicevich, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 3 months and 28 days.
CTFrl^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ■to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, January 5, 1839, Teresa,
beloved wife of Thomas J. Roilly, and mother
of Etta, James, Mary, Teresa, Sarah, Laura
and Thomas Reilly. Mrs. J. D. Hughes and
Mrs. William Doyle, a native of Dublin, Ire-
land.
[C3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 11 Geneva street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. J Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
REMAYE— In the City and County Hospital,
January 5, 1899, Victor Remaye.
REIMERS— In this city, January 3, 1899, Fred-
erick H., beloved husband of Christina Relm-
ers, and father of Willie, Gretchen and Edna
Reimers, a native of Kiel, Germany, aged.
43 years 4 months and 13 days. A member of
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S. (Stockton
papers please copy.) ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 8, from 510 Bush street, where fu-
neral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S..
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by train leaving Third ami
Townsend streets at 11:20 o'clock. Remains
at the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228
McAllister street.
SCHAREG — In this city, January 5. 1899,
Christina Schareg, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. Ferdinand Trochster and Ludlclneus
Schareg, a native of Canton Crabinton,
Switzerland, aged 65 years and 4 days.
TERRELL —In this city, January 4, 1899,
James, relict of the late Mary Terrell, and
beloved father of John, James, Julia and
Mary Terrell, a native of the parish of Drum,
County Roscommon. Ireland, aged 42 years.
IE?" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 817
Mission street.
WALKER— this city, January 4, 1899. Jo-
soph v.\. beloved husband of Mary A.
Walker, and father of Mrs. C. Lacey, Mrs.
J. J. Maher, Mrs. P. J. Stahl and Louise and
Isabel Walker, a native of London. England,
aged 72 years.
(CTFrlenda an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WARD— In this city, January 4. 1899, Mary E.,
beloved wife of Edward Ward, and mother of
Katie, James, John, • May and Christopher
Ward, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
■ IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow"
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
■ dence. 1913 Vallnjo street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church. Van Ness avenue, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALSH— In Napa, January 4. 1599, Miss Ann
Walsh of Flushing, N. Y., beloved sister of
Mrs. C. Ramsey, and aunt of H. O. Ramsey
and Mrs. H. J. Pierce,
(£7 lnterment private.
WHIPPLER— In this city. January 6, 1899,
Charles F. Whippier, beloved son of the late
Ellen Finke. and brother of Mrs. J. J. Shep-
ston and the late Louis E. Whippier, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 35 years 7 months
and 7 days.
I^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock,"? from the perlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city, January S. m>, James
G., dearly beloved son of Eulalie "H". White,
and brother of Eddie and Charles White, a.
native of Durnoin, 111., aged 17 years 10
months and 27 days.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Mtzpah Church.
Harrison street, near Fifth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
WILLEN— In this city, January 5. 1599, Henry,
beloved son of Margaret and the late Fred-
erick Willen, and brother of Corporal C. G.
Thogode, Fred Thogrode, Mrs. Annie Cara-
man, Mrs. M. Mlchalek and Mrs. Freeder
Lamb, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
.' years and 26 days.
WOBBER— In this city. January 5, 1899, Clar-
ence, youngest and beloved son of F. A. and
Gasine Wobber. and brother of Henry. Louis,
Mamie. Henrietta, Emma and -George Wob-
ber. a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months.
WOLTMANN— In this city. January 5. 1899,
Bertha J.. dearly beloved wife of Leo Wolt-
mann, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
55 years 7 months and 7 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.: "2113.
SO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln bcaook
Telephone South SO.
i*** 1 * mcAVOY <fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS Be. EMBaLMER* I
1136 Market st, between Bth and Bth. i
. Telephone, South £47. |
1314
TEACHERS MUST
GIVE WAY TO
CONSOLIDATION
Personal and Political Influence
Will Not Weigh Against the
Policy of Reform.
The Reclassification of the Public Schools
to Be Finished Within Sixty
Days— No Service No Com
pensation.
THERE has V>een no event In the j
history of the public schools of
this city that ever excited such
■widespread comment as the meet
ing of the School Board held on
Wednesday night. There is a
spirit of unrest among the teach
ers In the department, and many are |
itfready threatening to brine legal ac- j
tion to prevent the Directors from j
carrying out their policy of economy
a.nd consolidation. While the resolu
tions, rescinding the concluding acts
■ last board, have brought many
up in arms, it is the proposition of
wholesale consolidation in the day and
night schools that has created the
.most general uneasiness.
■ .The Directors are firm in their In
tention to reduce the teaching force of
■tin- department to what they believe Is
a. legitimate basis. An absolute prom
ise is given that no personal or politi
cal Influence will prevent the proper
reorganization of the department. All
schools that have not an average at
tendance of fifty pupils for every teach
er must be immediately reclassifled
and the surplus teachers sent to the
Superintendent for instructions. This
refers to the day schools, and in the
night schools, where the greatest
abuses have grown up, a similar pro
cess will be followed.
It is in the night schools that the
greatest consolidation will take place.
Fully one-half the teachers in these
schools, it is estimated, will be consoli
dated out. In the day schools a great
dea-1 of latitude must necessarily be
given to suit varying conditions. The
£eclaSßlfication of the scnools will beein
on Monday and will proceed as rapid
ly as possible. Where it is found that
:n certain schools do not
an attendance of fifty pupils an
•igation will be made. If it is
found that the school cannot maintain
fflciency by consolidating the class
th-< teacher will be allowed to remain.
This work of investigation and ad
justment will necessarily be long. In
the work of reorganization, which is
practically revolution in the school de
partment,' the Directors intend to take
every precaution to prevent demorali
zation. It would be dangerous to leave
large classes without instructors and
this will not be done. It is estimated
that the labor of reorganization, reclas
sification and .consolidation will take
fully two months. At the end of that
time the board expects to have the de
partment in a' normal and healthy con
dition. . '•
A 43 soon as Superintendent Webster
finishes his report he will submit it to
the board for consideration. The rt_
.port will include a list of the teachers
who did not have classes of fifty pupils
and a statement of the circum
stances in each case. The board will
then take action. It has been prac
tically determined that there shall be
no unassigned list of teachers. It is
claimed that no law will justify the
payment of teachers who give nothing
in return. The members of the new
board insist that they cannot be com
pelled to pay salaries of instructors
•who have nothing to do.
There will be therefore no unassigned
list. What will be done with the teach
ers that arc- consolidated out of the
schools remains to be seen. That they
will not be' paid is a certainty. Whether
or n<>t an attempt will.be made to con
solidate them .out of the department is
a question that will be' answered when
the proper time Comes. Some of the
Directors go so far as to say, however,
that the courts will sustain the board
even if useless teachers are con
solidated out of the department. There
are many decisions of the State courts
which declare that such a course is
impossible, but the board is in a mood
to take the chances and throw the
burden of vindication upon those that
may be injured .in. the. consolidation.
This question is, of course, far broader
and more far reaching than that which
has arisen over the resolution whicn
rescinded the concluding acts of the
last board. One affects a few teachers
and the other involves the interests of
them all.
After the tremendous work of reor
ganization and consolidation has beeL
accomplished attention will be given to
the labor of investigating the special
departments. These, departments are
greatly overcrowded and a great deal
of pruning will be done.
In speaking of the- matter yesterday
Director E. L. Head outlined very
clearly the proposed policy of the board.
"It is not the purpose of the board to
satisfy either personal' or political obli
gations in this matter," he said. "We
have a great labor to perform to restore
the School Department to its normal
condition. It is to be regretted that
some teachers in the department must
suffer, but personal interests must be
subordinated to a public policy and the
welfare of the School Department. Con
solidation is absolutely necessary and
it will take place.
"The untruth <if the rumors that
there was friction in the board was
demonstrated at the meeting last night.
The board, as every one saw, is a unit
upon matters that appeal as just.
Whatever is good for the department
will, I have no d.oubt, get the unani
mous support of the board. As a mat
ter of course there was some friction
during the period of our organization,
but that was to be expected. It is in
cidental to all organizations and ours
is no exception. After organization
was completed everything ran smoothly
and the members of the board are now
as one in hearty support of every meas
ure that will be beneficial to the schools.
"It is absolutely criminal to be pay
ing teachers for doing nothing and the
practice will be stopped. I believe in
this matter that we have the hearty
indorsement of- the people of the city.
We are expected to remedy some of the
evils that were created by the last
board and to rehabilitate the School
Department. This we will endeavor to
do to thje best of pur ability, and if the
private Interests of some must suffer
that cannot be helped. "We are pledged
to give a good administration."
For Contempt of Court.
Isaac Friedman, a young man, living on
Sixteenth street, near Howard, was sent
to prison yesterday morning- by Justice
of the Peace Barry, acting- for Judge Con
lan, for contempt of court. Friedman was
arrested about ten days ago by Policeman
C. M. Barnes for attempting to strike him
and for using vulgar language toward
him. Policeman Bode was one of the wit
nesses for the prosecution, and after ho
had finished his testimony Friedman
threateningly told him that he would
LIEUTENANT OF POLICE HANNAH, Who Was Found
Lying Helplessly Drunl^ on Market Street.
"fix" him yet. The acting Judge hoard
the remark, and gave him twenty-four
hours for contempt. He was convicted of
using vulgar language, and will be sen
tenced this morning.
Napa Bankrupts.
Marks Wallenburg and Amalla, his
wife, of Napa County filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. Their liabilities are
$7275 47. There are no assets.
THE FASTEST THING OF HER CLASS AFLOAT
THE new Japanese cruiser Chitose returned from her trials at Santa Barbara Channel yesterday morning and went to the Union Iron Works. She will now be
got ready for turning over to the Japanese authorities. Prior to that, however, she will go outside and run forty knots, making the same number of revo
lutions that were got out of the engines when she was under trial in the Santa Barbara Channel. This will be done in order to fulfill the letter of the con
tract. The Chitose had to go four times over a ten mile course at a speed of not less than twenty and a half knots an hour, and another four times at twenty
two and a half knots. She fulfilled thcs.e requirements easily, averaging over the eighty miles twenty-two and three-quarter knots an hour while the maximum
speed was 22.867 knots, a fraction below twenty-three knots an hour. This makes the Chitose the fastest cruiser afloat. The last forty miles, however was not
covered during one run. When twenty miles of the distance had been covered some of the condenser tubes went wrong and the vessel had to go back to Santa
Barbara for repairs. Another attempt was made, and again the condenser tubes went wrong after twenty miles had been covered. The Japanese experts aboard
the cruiser were more than satisfied with the showing she had made, and expressed themselves as highly pleased. During a six hours 1 consecutive run she aver
aged 21 1-10 knots an hour, her maximum being 21 4-10 knots.
— During the run up the roast from Santa Barbara to San Francisco the cruiser was tested in every possible way. With the engines making ninety revolu
tions a minute she logged 14 7-10 knots an hour. When she was making 20^> knots an hour it took forty-five seconds lor her to stop and gather sternway. With
one wheel backing and the other going ahead she turned in a circle, the diameter of which was 300 feet, and going full speed ahead she turned In a circle the dl
■ ameter of which was 600 feet.
"We had a pleasant trip from Santa Barbara until we reached Pigeon Point," said Irving M. Scott yesterday. "There we ran into a fog and had to slow
down. When the fog lifted we came in and made fast to the mooring buoy off the Union Ironworks at 6:40 a, m. The Chitose steers like a yacht and is a
splendid sea boat. She is the finest and fastest vessel of her class afloat and will uphold the credit of San Francisco wherever she goes. Her natural gait Is 20 knots an
hour with the engines making 134 revolutions."
After making the two hours' run at sea the Chitose will remain here a fortnight and will then start for Yokohama
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1899.
LIEUTENANT
HANNAH IS IN
DEEP DISGRACE
Helplessly Drunk on
the Street.
SAYS HE WAS VERY ILL
TAKEN TO THE HARBOR STA
TION, BUT RELEASED.
Formal Charges to Be Preferred
Against Him by Captain Dun
levy — Chief Lees In
dignant.
Lieutenant Hannah of the Southern
police station is in deep disgrace. Anx
ious to make himself a good fellow with
the boys Tuesday night, he so far forgot
himself as to get gloriously intoxicated.
Shortly after 10 o'clock he was found
lying on the sidewalk at Spear and Mar
ket streets helplessly drunk and feebly
calling fur assistance.
Two citizens who were passing, think
ing he was the victim of thugs, lost no
time in notifying the sergeant at the
harbor police station. Officer Hiram
Smith was at once dispatched to the
scone, and not recognizing Hannah, he
summoned a citizen, who assisted him In
taking the disgraced lieutenant to the
police station. While in the act of search
ing his prisoner Smith was astounded to
find a policeman's star pinned to his
breast.
During the searching process the desk
sergeant took no notice of Hannah,
thinking he was an ordinary drunk, but
GOLD BRICK
COMPROMISE
MAY BE MADE
The Shadow for the People and
the Substance for the
Corporation.
Proposed Action of the New Railroad Com
mission in Reference to the Hard-
Fought and Long -Pending
Grain-Rate Case.
AFTER being in litigation for three
years the question of reduced grain
rates in this State promises to be
settled shortly to the apparent ad
vantage of the farmer and to the entire
satisfaction of the Railroad Commission
and of the Southern Pacific Company.
The expense to the State in its efforts to
force the Southern Pacific to reduce grain
rates 8 per cent throughout the State Is
said to have been not. less than $30,000,
and a suit In connection with the matter
is still pending in the United States Cir
cuit Court. The action was brought by
the railroad company to enjoin tho Rail
road Commission from putting into effect
the reduced rates on grain.
During the campaign just closed and at
the final meeting of the old Board of
Railroad Commissioners H. M. La Rue
stated that W. H. Mills, representing
himself as the agent of the Southern Pa
cific Company, came to him and made a
proposition that the railroad company
would put into effect the commission's
reduced grain rates and would dismiss
the pending suit providing the commis
sion would agree to forego any further
action on its resolution of intention to
reduce all rates in The State 25 per cent.
Nothing, however, came of this, because,
according to the further statement of
Mr. La Rue, the railroad company failed
to submit its offer in writing.
--t the meeting of the new Railroad
Commission yesterday the matter came
up, and a brief informal discussion of it
resulted in Commissioner Blackstock be
ing appointed a committee of one to wait
upon W. F. Herrln of the .Southern l'a
clflc Company to ascertain If the com
pany was still of Hi" same mind as when
Mr. 'Mills made its proposition to Mr. La
Rue.
On being asked individually if they
as soon as the arresting officer discoV
ered the star he at once took charge of
the lieutenant and conducted him into
the gymnasium in the rear of the sta
tion, ile was kept there for over four
hours, iind as he pleaded to be released
he was allowed to go on his promise that
he would return to his home.
Captain Dunlevy put in an appearance
a short time aft< rward, and on being told
of the disgraceful condition of Hannah
he communicated the facts to Chief L,ees.
The latter ordered him to make a written
report and also Instructed him to obtain
the names of the two citizens who had
discovered the officer helplessly drunk.
To-day formal charges of drunkenness
and failing to report for duty at 12
o'clock Tuesday night will be fIU-d against
Hannah.
A short time prior to the big strike on
the Sutter street railroad Hannah was
the driver of an express wagon. In some
way ho managed to ingratiate himself
into tho confidence of the strikers, and
subsequently betrayed them to the po
lice. For this act Patrick Crowley, who
was then Chiof of Police, made him a
member of the department. A few
months later he appointed him sergeant
of police, finally promoting him to the
position which he now occupies.
It is understood that the Police Com
missioners will investigate the charges
at thoir meeting next Wednesday night.
THE CUSTOMS INVESTIGATION.
Special Agents Smith and Link Begin
the Inquiry Into the Moore-
Meredith Scandals.
Special Agents Smith and Link
yesterday morning began their in
vestigation into the charges of
immorality preferred against Special
Agent Moore by ex-Collector "Wise. The
investigation is being conducted behind
closed doors in the office of Surveyor
Spear. Agent Smith said the report of the
proceedings, together with the testimony
and the affidavits, would be forwarded to
Washington to the Treasury Department,
which would act upon the matter. He
said also that the investigation would em
brace the Chinese bureau as well,
Chiof Meredith glpefully informed the
reporters yesterday that he was not going
to be investigated, because no charges
would accept the offer of the railroad
company to compromise, as outlined,
none of the three members of the com
mission showed the slightest hesitation
in t-tating that they would, adding that
they thought it best for the interests of
the State and of the farmers.
"When Mr. Herrin was asked what the
railroad would do he declined to discuss
the subject, saying he would first await
the action of the commission.
Mr. Mills also refused to say anything
further on the matter than to remark
that the railroad company had never
made denial of Mr. L,a Rue's assertion
regarding the proposed compromise.
Should the compromise be effected it
would mean that there will be no attempt
made by the commission to reduce rates
in California during the four years of its
term of office. For this reason it is likely
that the railroad company will not be
found difficult to deal with, so far as the
proposed settlement of the grain rate case
is concerned. Another reason why the
railroad is not averse to dismissing the
pending suit is that the rates on grain
have already been reduced more than the
contemplated 8 per cent in the richest
territory that it taps— the San Joaquin
Valley— by the advent and completion of
the Valley road.
Tin- only thing done relative to the in
vestigation of the rates charged" by the
I'ullman Palace Car Company was to in-
Btruci the secretary of the board to ask
Attorney General Ford for an opinion
relative" to the jurisdiction of the board
in the matter. The Attorney General's
office was represented by Deputy G. A.
Sturtevant, who stated that in connection
with the Pullman Company's case a ques
tion of fact as to whether or not the Pull
man Company was a transportation com
pany would also have to be decided. Feb
ruary 14 was set for a final hearing of this
case, and it was decided to meet on the
16th inst. to hear the report of Commis
sioner JJlackstock on the grain rate case.
had been preferred against him. Agent
Smith's statement to the contrary, how
ever, may cause him and his backers a
little uneasiness, but Collector Jackson
is standing by him. and there is no doubt
that there is a whitewash brush handy
somewhere in the vicinity of the Collect
or's office.
SUSTAIN THE MAYOR'S VETU.
Furnishing of the Hall of Justice
Postponed for Some Time.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday for the first
time. Supervisors Holland, Collins and
Attrldge of the committee and Supervisor
Perrault of the Finance Committee at
tended. Many matters of minor import
ance in regard to sewer and street work
were deferred for a week, pending further
Inquiry.
The committee considered the Mayor's
veto of the resolution appropriating $77,000
for furnishing the Hall of Justice on
Kearny street. After some discussion, it
was ill termined to report the veto back
and to recommend to the board that it be
sustained. According to ex-Auditor Brod
erick, the original appropriation having
been exhausted, no more money can be
spent on the new building without legis
lative action. If this be the correct view
of the situation it will be necessary for
the Legislature to pass an enabling act
before the building can be furnished and
ready for occupancy by the police and
other departments.
The matter is where it was some months
since, and the contracts must be read
vertised by the board if it finds it has the
legal right to apportion the necessary
funds.
Dalmatian TT. E. Club.
The Dalmatian U. E. Club at Its last
held meeting had the following named in
stalled as its officers for the current term:
M. Perich, president; A. W. Batchra, vice
president; B. Riddich, secretary; C. Ml
cich, treasurer; P. Sventinich, G. Burich,
J. Franusich, J. Samnrailo and C. Rado
van, trustees. After the installation there
was a banquet, and there were a num
ber of toasts, which were responded to by
the new officers and several invited
guests.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B-B-B-B-H-a-B-B-H-n-B-B-B-H-H-a-H-H-n-B-B-H
TEMPTING BARGAINS ■
. . iisr oxjpl . . I
DRESS GOODS!
DEPARTMENT a
TO=DAY! I TO=DAY ! I I
TO=DAY ! TO=DAY ! I
1., . 1 B
B
We to-day make the following exceptionally fine offerings B
from our well*known Dress Department as special items in con- i
nection with our SEMI-ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE, and respect- ?
lully invite the public to call and examine the ■
WONDERFUL INDUCEMENTS OFFERED. I
_ u
J±t 1O Cents. •
145 pieces DOUBLE FOLD FANCY DRESS GOODS, in striped and flgr- W
ured effects, will be placed on special sale at 10c a yard. - —
J±t 15 Cents. I
105 pieces DOUBLE FOLD DRESS GOODS, all colorings, former price T
25c a yard; on special sale at 15c a yard. «L
_A/t SO Cents. i
93 pieces FANCY DRESS GOODS, 34 Inches wide, in checked, figured and |
mixed effects, worth 40c a yard; will be offered at 20c a yard. l B
J±t 25 Cents. 1
77 pieces 38-INCH FIGURED SCOTCH DRESS GOODS, good value for |
40c a yard; on special sale at 25c a yard. g
.A_t 35 Cents. B
89 pieces NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, 38 inches wide, assorted styles, for- |
merly 50c and 60c a yard; will be placed on special sale at 35c a yard. ■
J±t 35 Cents. H
42 pieces SCOTCH TARTAN PLAIDS, 38 inches wide, extra fine value for I
50c a yard; on special sale at 35c a yard. ■
A.t SO Cents. ■
35 pieces 46-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL STORM SERGES, all shades, us- I
ual price 65c a yard; will be offered at 50c a yard. B
75 Cents. a
29 pieces 40-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CURL •
SUITING, figured designs, former price $1.25 a yard; on special sale ■
at 75c a yard. t
j&jt 7*5 Cents. i
31 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH SERGES, all shades, new col- H
orings, worth $1.25 a yard; will be placed on sale at 75c a yard. X
_ ■ . I
[/If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / If
\m *~Sr San Francisco. / ■
HIGHBINDERS
MASQUERADE
AS EDUCATORS
Police Raid an Edu
cational Society.
HATCHETMEN ARE MEMBERS
MOST VICIOUS ELEMENT IN
CHINATOWN INCLUDED.
Many of the Robberies and Murders
in Chinatown Can Be Traced
to the Organiza
tion.
Lieutenant Esola and Detective Ed Gib
son last evening raided the Chinese Edu-
national Society at 709 Commercial street
and notified the members that the place
must be closed by noon to-day. The po
lice are of the belief that this so-called
educational society is nothing but a high
binder organization and that its member
ship is made up of the most vicious ele
ment in Chinatown. They think that a
great many of the robberies and murders
are committed by men belonging to the
society and are of the opinion that if
they are able to break up the association
the work of keeping peace among the
Mongolians will be an easier matter.
The society has been in existence for
several years and was thought to be a
legitimate educational organization until
recently. The headquarters has been
watched of late and the police have failed
to find any one frequenting the rooms
who looked as if they thirsted for knowl
edge. Yesterday Ong Foon, one of the
ringleaders of the society, was arr. ea
on a warrnt for attempted extortion.
The particular case for which ho was
taken into custody was an attemrt he
made to blackmail a woman in Suiiivan
alley, but It is known that he ha.- tried
the same game before with better suc
cess.
The members of the organization have
been engaged in the business of securing
the fraudulent admission of women into
the United States and for their services
fabulous prices are charged. Then after
the woman is allowed to enter rfhe or her
owner is blackmailed and made to pay
the society so much each month.
After the visit of the polio' last n.ght
the members held a meeting and decided
to vacate their rooms. The See xups,
hearing of the affair, also held a meeting
and while nothing could be learned as
to what they did it is believed that they
will take steps to see that the society is
broken up.
Robberies and blackmailing are more
frequent in Chinatown just now than at
any other time of the year. Every Chi
naman is laying up money for the new
year, which begins next month, and tjie
highbinders are as anxious to celebrate
as the good Chinamen. They are levy
ing tribute on the merchants, and hardly
a day passes that some of the reputable
Chinese citizens are not the recipients
of demands for money, with a threat at
tached that if the demand is not com
plied with they will be robbed or in
jured.
Last night Ah Sin made an attempt to
secure something for the coming festivi
ties by entering a store on Jackson
street. He was caught in the act by Of
ficers Freel and Klvnn and will probably
spend New Year's in jail.
Defies the Fire Wardens.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Con-
1 /?, n .' s < , c< i vi^ yesterday on the complaint of
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
for the arrest of Dr. Julius Rosenstirn.
T .« e^ Fi l e ardens a few weeks ago no
tified the doctor as owner of a four
story building on the corner of Sutter
and Hyde streets to place a fire escape
and stand pipe on the building, but he
has refused to comply with the request
hence the warrant.
FIRE IN THE CITY HALL.
A Careless Deputy in the County
Clerk's Office Causes a Com
motion.
For about an hour yesterday morning
there was considerable excitement on the
first floor and basement of the City Hall,
caused by an alarm of fire. Smoke was
seen issuing through, a chimney in the
County Clerk's office, and it was thought
that one of the rooms underneath was on.
lire.
Chief Sullivan, Assistant Chief Dough
erty and other members of the Fire De
partment made a hurried search through
the rooms on the first floor, but therts
was no sign of fire. A broken grate in the
warrant clerk's room of Judge Conlan'a
court led to the supposition that a live
coal had set fire to the woodwork under
neath, but this Idea, after an examina
tion, was abandoned. The hasement was
then searched, and the cause of the smoke
was discovered in the shooting range of
the Police Department.
Some careless deputy in the County
Clerk's office had thrown a live cigarette
into the flue in the office, and it descended
to the basement and set fire to a lot of
rubbish. A chemical engine had been
summoned, but Its services were not re
quired.
AMID PALMS
AND BLOSSOMS
Nuptials of Louis Stern
and Miss Lucie Cahen
at the Palace.
Miss Lueie Cahen, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Louis Cahen, and Louis Stern of th«
linn of Levi Strauss & Co. were married
yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock In the
Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel. Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger of the Temple Emanu-El
spoke the binding words that made the
happy couple husband and wife. The brida
was attended by Miss Rose Newmark,
who officiated as maid of honor. Tha
groom was unattended.
The Maple Hall and dining room where
the guests, 200 in number, were enter
tained were elaborately decorated with.
rare exotics and a wealth of potted
palms, delicate ferns and trailing vines
The bride wore an exquisite gown of
cream white satin trimmed with rare and
costly lace. Miss Newmark, the maid of
honor, was attired In pale blue crepe over
blue silk.
After a short honeymoon Mr. and Mrs
Stern will return for a short stay in
town and will then proceed to New York
where they will make their future home,'
Hatch Not Responsible.
The assignment of Dalton Bros.,
commission merchants, to the American
Bank and Trust Company for the benefit
of creditors has caused considerable com
ment among the business men of this
city. The firm is one of the oldest, and
was supposed to be one of the best estab
lished in the State, its correspondents
and patrons being numerous the length
of the entire coast. At first it was sup
posed that the failure was due to a con
siderable extent to the failure of A. T.
Hatch, who at one time was among' the
largest fruit growers in California, and
who recently went through bankruptcy
Mr. Hatch states that the financial
troubles of the Daltons are in no way
connected with his own. It Is true, he
said, that he had many dealings with the
firm, but when he failed he was not owine
them anything. He made the Daltons
his assignees, and as such they received
the fees that go with such position.
Guilty of Contempt.
Tomasso Cresta, for refusal to produce
certain documents regarding the estate of
his deceased father, was adjudged gulitv
of contempt of court by Judge Troutt yes
terday and sentenced to the County Jail
for five days.