VOLUME LXXXY-}fO. .101.
GOMEZ WILL DISOWN
THE CUBAN ASSEMBLY
Special Cable to The Pall and the Nrw York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9&, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, March 10. — General
Gomez will disown the Cuban
Assembly. Disgusted with the
petty jealousies of the members.
and irritated at the antagonism
evinced toward himself, he will dis
claim all connection with that body
and dispute its right to control his ac
tions.
Relying upon his popularity with the
Cuban people he will proceed to discuss
with General Brooke the settlement of
the problem of the pacification of the
country without regard to the action
of the Assembly, which has by its un
dignified conduct and bitter sentiments
of hostility to Americans lost the con
fidence of sober-minded Cubans.
This was the statement made to me
to-night by a member of the Assembly
who has looked after Gomez' Interests
there and possesses the old chief's con
fidence. It Is confirmed by other offi
cials who are in touch with the Cuban
general.
The conservative element in the city
expresses its satisfaction that General
Gomez, whose honesty of purpose is be
lieved in, has cut himself loose from a
faction whose sole work appears to be
to discuss in secret session who shall
be the first President.
It Is also declared that Gomez has
decided that th- $3,000,000 granted by
the United States shall be distributed
only to soldiers who actually served in
the Cuban war and were under arms
before the declaration of war between
the United States and Spain. This will
probably reduce the number of par
ticipants to 30,000 or under.
SANTIAGO, March 10.— The results
of the policy inaugurated at Havana of
discontinuing public works in this
province and throwing men out of em
ployment are beginning to show. Yes
terday six bandits were captured in the
neighborhood of Concepcion, all of
whom were formerly workers in the
road gangs. They say they have no
means and must either rob or starve.
They have been lodged in the City Jail,
but considerable sympathy is displayed
in their behalf by the populace.
Much the same sort of thing is hap
pening in the district of Holguin. where
a brush between bandits and gendarmes
result* in the killing of one of the
former. Nevertheless it is not ex
pected that these troubles will take a
serious turn, owing to the probability
that work will be resumed next week.
TO ADVANCE
ON MALOLOS
IMMEDIATELY
General Lawton Will Lead
the Americans to Agui
naldo's Capital.
Otis to Give His Attention to Civil
Government and the Outside
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call. |
NEW YORK, March 10.— Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel- j
egraphs: The arrival at Manila to-day
of General Lawton with reinforcements, .
as cabled to the War Department, j
means the beginning of an active cam- j
paign against the Filipinos. General ,
Lawton will have, under General Otis, j
command of all military operations in j
Luzon, while 'tis, as Governor General, j
will direct the conduct of civil affairs j
and the military operations in other
islands. 1
It was thought the advance of General
Hale's brigade several days ago was
the beginning of a forward movement,
but it is supposed that General Otis
decided to await the arrival of Lawton.
Now it is expected that offensive opera
tions will begin at once and be directed
toward Malolos, the seat of the .insur
gent government, which the officials say
will soon be occupied by American
troops.
Instructions were cabled to General
Otis to-day directing him to detach
Brigadier General M. P. Miller from the
command of troops at Iloilo and order
him home for retirement. General Otis
will choose General Miller's successor,
who will probably be General Anderson
or General Mc Arthur.
-General Miller's retirement on March
27 will create a vacancy in the grade
of brigadier general of the regular
army, which in all probability will be
filled by the appointment of General
Sumner. The latter is likely to be re
tired at once and General Anderson
made brigadier of the regular service
so that that officer will not be given a
volunteer commission as major general,
as originally determined.
The cablegram received at the War
Department to-day dated Manila,
March 10. says the transport Grant ar
rived with the troops in good condition.
The Arizona and Newport leave to-day
for San Francisco, the Arizona via
Hongkong and the Newport via Na-
I gasaki. The Grant carried to Manila
the Fourth Infantry and four com
panies of the Seventeenth Infantry.
This adds to the troops under the
command of General Otis 42 officers and
1716 enlisted men. The Grant, with
.General W. B. Lawton in command,
Bailed from New York January 19.
Peruvian Diplomat in Disgrace.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. March 10.— The Government to
day decreed the dismissal of the Peruvian
Consul General at Hamburg. Julius
C'aso* and Chancellor Julius M. Choeano,
for his alleged defalcation of 22,271 marks,
has ordered the matter submitted to the
criminal courts and an embargo placed
upon the property of Casos In Peru.
The San Francisco Call.
GENERAL MAXIMO GOMEZ.
OTIS SAYS
BOYS DESIRE
TO REMAIN
Long for Vengeance on the
Filipinos for Their Com
rades Slain.
War Department Decides It Has
Authority to Keep Officers
and Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINTON, March 10.— One of the
paragraphs of the army reorganization
act contained an, authorization for the
enlistment again of the volunteer
troops now in the Philippines. j It was
stipulated that these troops should be
re-enlisted only for a period of time
necessary to replace them by regular
troops, in no case longer than . six
months. r .
The question has been presented to
the War Department of whether or not
it was aide, under this provision, to
avail of th" services of the officers of
the volunteer regiments as well as of
the enlisted men until the troops can
be replaced by regulars.
The law officers of the department
have concluded that the word "enlist"
employed in the act was used in a broad
sense and that therefore the President
has authority to take over all the vol
unteer regiments now at Manila and
j other points in the Philippines into the
; service of the United States in organ
' izations, with their full complements
I of officers and men.
It has been presented that the vol
unteers there are longing to return to
the United States and to private life.
The officials say that this is a mistake.
General Otis has reported that the men.
volunteers as well as regulars, do not
want to come home, but are anxious to
fight and crush the insurgents. Nearly
every company has suffered through
the wounding of some of its. members
at the hands of sharpshooters and they
are. anxious to make the account even.
•»
ARTILLERY ORDERED
TO THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. March 10.— In view
of the possible necessity of having to
use more artillery at Manila in the fu
ture than has been required in the past,
the War Department issued orders to
Battery B, Sixth United States Artil
lery, now at Fort McHenry, to move as
soon as possible to San Francisco, there
to take ship for Manila. Two light bat
teries of the Sixth are already at Ma
nila, and the rest of the regiment has
been ordered there, but some of it may
stop at Honolulu, relieving the Second
United States Volunteer Engineers
now there. The Sixth is one of the two
regiments authorized by Congress last
March.
-♦-_
TURKS FIGHT ARABS.
LONDON, March 11.— According to _ a
dispatch to the Morning Post from Bom
bay severe fighting has taken place be
tween the Turkish troops and the Arab
tribesmen near Shalil, in the province of
Yemen, Arabia, where an insurrection has
been in progress for ten months. The
Turks lost 160 men and the Arabs 300.
SAZ-T FRANCISCO, SATURDAY. MARCH 11, 1899.
NEW FORK
WANTS THE
CONTENTIONS
In the Fight Early for the
Big National Party
Gatherings.
Bryan's: Opposition May Keep the
Democrats From Going So
. :■ Far East.
Special • Dispatch •to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
••-. Washington, March 10.
If San Francisco is to make a bid for
one or both of the national conven
tions next year, it behooves her citi
zens to begin their campaign even as
early. as this, for New York has ac
tually entered the field to capture both.
A committee has been appointed- by
the Boards of Trade to look after the
matter. New York has had a hanker
ing for a political national convention
for a good many years, but it has
usually waited until the eleventh hour
before making any move toward se
curing it.
New York .possesses many attrac
tions as a convention city. It has a
building suitable for the purpose, and
it can also accommodate all visitors
without the slightest inconvenience. It
is safe to say that the national con
ventions next year will be either held
in. New York or Chicago. After the
experience -of the Republicans at Min
neapolis in 1892 and' at St. Louis in 1896.
the leaders of that organization are
convinced that it. is a mistake to hold
their convention in any place outside of
Chicago. or. New York.
The Democratic .leaders hold similar
views. They selected Chicago In 1896.
although that town offered no special
inducements.
Mr. Croker: and his friends will no
doubt endeavor to have the Democratic
National Convention of 1900 held in
New York. The .supporters of Bryan
favor Chicago, and as they are In
control of the Democratic National
Committee,' the chances are that the
latter city will be selected. However
if New York . offers sufficient induce
ments It may stand a snow of getting
the Republican convention. .
The., principal objections heretofore
urged against San Francisco have been
distance, lack of telegraph facilities
and the difference in. time.
BODIES OF HEROES
ARE SENT HOME
MANILA. March 10, 5 p. m.— re
mains of Colonel W. E. Smith, Major
E. McConnvllle,- Chaplain David S. El
liott and Second Lieutenant Eugene S.
French, who were killed in action,
were shipped home to-day, being placed
on board the United States transport
Scandia with military honors, the Sec
ond Oregon Volunteers furnishing the
escort through the city.
Major General Lawton, who arrived
here to-day on board the United States
transport Grant from New York, for
mally reported to Major General Otis,
after which he returned on board the
Grant. The troops that reached here
on board' the Grant, the Fourth Infan
try and a' battalion, of the Seventeenth
Infantry, will be disembarked immedi
ately.
PLOTTED TO
MURDER THE
AMERICANS
Porto Ricans Want Their
Freedom and Will Fight
for It.
FEELING VERY BITTER
Conspiracy Discovered to Enter
Barracks and Machete Soldiers
by Wholesale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, March Colonel
Hubbell, who returned with his com
mand, the Forty-seventh Regiment,
from duty in Porto Rico on the trans
port Manitoba to-day, gave some inter
esting information to-night about the
condition of affairs in our new West
Indian possessions.
"There are many persons," he said,
"who think we were welcomed to Porto
Rico and sent away amid a shower of
bouquets. This was not the case. The
Porto Ricans do not like the Ameri
cans. They want and are planning for
their freedom.
"We had more or less trouble all the
time with these natives, but their hos
tility was more openly displayed when
it was learned that we were going to
leave. All the while we were subjected
to petty annoyances. A number of at
tempts were made to knife our sentries.
The natives are treacherous and we
had to use severe measures at times.
"There was at no time an open in
surrection, but I discovered three
weeks ago evidence that the so-called
'Educational Society' was strong and
bitter in its antagonism. They held
meetings which we dispersed. We dis
covered and nipped in the bud a con-
spiracy which had for its object an en
trance into our barracks and the
wholesale macheting of our soldiers.
"Unless there is a great chance, I am
convinced that sooner or later there
will be serious trouble down there. I
should, however, qualify their feeling
by saying that they hate Americans,
not for their personality, but because
they want to be free. The feeling in
the interior of the island is more in
tense than along the coast. The Span
iards are not responsible for it because
they are migrating. --;' The , *__*__ there
do not like their old enemies, either."
NATIVES THIRST FOR
AMERICAN BLOOD
CHICAGO, March 10.— Tribune
will to-morrow print the following spe
cial correspondence from Porto Rico
from a Tribune correspondent:
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, March
_._The real situation in Porto Rico is
not understood. People in the States gen
erally regard Porto Rico as a sort of
haven of peace. The War Department
has just requested of General Henry that
he immediately report how many regular
troops he could spare from the island.
The One Hundred and Forty-seventh
New York started home last Sunday. The
regiments that remain are so scattered
that In many places where there is neces
sity for a strong force only a corporal's
guard can be mustered, and territories
where there are continual mutterlngs and
the greatest evidence of discontent at
American rule are unguarded.
General Henry is in a dilemma. He
has only three regiments of troops— the
Eleventh Infantry, the Nineteenth and
the Fifth Cavalry— and two batteries of
the Fifth Heavy Artillery.
"I need twice the troops I have," said
the general at his residence in San Juan.
"Because, of the easy victory of our
troops here in the war and In the appar
ent friendliness of the natives to the
American soldiers when they invaded the
island, a notion prevails in the States that
there Is little necessity for a strong force
to maintain order in the island. The idea
is erroneous.
"Tift 1 conditions are alarming. These
people are now clamoring for local self
government. They are no more fit for
local self-government than I am to run
a locomotive. More troops are ( needed in
the island. The seeds of discontent plant
ed by professional agitators are rapidly
growing' and can be kept down only by a
strong military force.
"The 111 feeling between the natives and
the American troops' seems to grow
stronger every day. The American offi
cers have to maintain the greatest vigi
lance to prevent their men from wreak
ing vengeance on the natives, especially
on the native police, for acts of violence
that are continually committed against
the troops."
At Caguay, a small town on the mili
tary road twenty-live miles from San
Juan, a soldier of the One Hundred and
Forty-seventh New York was murdered
last Saturday night in a manner that
illustrates the treachery of the natives.
Private Michael Burke of Company I had
entered the Porto Rico Literary Club ot
Caguay and was sitting at a small table
reading, when a native slipped up behind
him and with one stroke of a machete,
sharpened to razor edge, severed the sol
dier's head from his body and sent It roll
ing across the floor.
Another soldier happened Into the club
some time afterward and saw the dis
membered trunk of the dead man still in
the chair, with the- head lying where it
had rolled. Several Porto Ricans were
standing quietly around discussing the
matter. No one would admit having
seen the murder committed. Suspicion
fixed on one man. but when a provost
guard went out to arrest him he had fled,
and although the entire country around
Caguay was thoroughly searched for the
murderer he has not yet been found.
Only four nights before the killing of
Burke the bad blood between the na
tives and soldiers asserted itself in a
brutal assault on Private Fitzpatrick.
The native police arrested Fitzpatrick
without a warrant, and when he resisted
beat him into Insensibility.
The soldiers. of the four companies of
the One hundred and forty-seventh sta
tioned at Caguay waited until night and
then started out to "police the town," as
they called It. Three cafes were "po-
Continued on Fourth. Page.
THREATENED
BY FLOODS
Hotel on the Levee at Shawneetown Where the
Water Is Steadily Rising.
SHAWNEETOWN, 111.. March 10.— city is threatened with a flood
similar to that which almost swept the town away a year ago. The
residents are moving out as rapidly as possible 'and all the livestock
has been removed. The levee is thought to be weak in some places
and a break is liable to occur at any time. Many men are patrolling
the levee. Business is suspended and the citizens who remain are in con
stant fear of being swept away.
Last April the levee broke without warning. Twenty-five people were
•drowned and many residences and business houses destroyed. The town
has been practically rebuilt, and, should another flood occur, the loss would
be tremendous.
HOW CHINA
WILL BLOCK
ITALY'S GAME
San Mun Is to Be Made
Free to All the
Nations.
Italy Not So Much Inclined to Mix
Into the Far Eastern
Question.
_ I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.f ■**
-f LONDON, Mar. 11— The Rome ♦
+ correspondent of the Daily Mail ♦
+ says the overnment has ordered ♦
+ three more cruisers to get in +
+ readiness to proceed to Chinese +
+ waters in connection with the +
+ demand of Italy for a concession +
+ of San Mun, province of Cheh- +
+ kiang. *
+ +++++ ++. ♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦ ♦'■*
NEW YORK, March 10.— Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Information has been
received by the State Department
showing that serious consideration is
being given by the Chinese Government
to a proposition to make San Mun a
free port. By this action China hopes
to checkmate Italy's plan for the seiz
ure of that port and the creation of a
sphere of influence in its immediate
vicinity.
Since China's refusal to cede the ter
ritory to Italy the Rome Government,
has not pressed its demand and in its
failure to act the authorities be
lieve they see evidence that Great Brit
ain and Japan haVe taken such meas
ures as to show Italy the inadvisability
of continuing her efforts to acquire
Chinese territory.
In throwing open San Mun to the
trade of the world China will take a
step which will be entirely satisfactory
to Great Britain and Japan and pleas
ing to the United States.
Because of the important effect which
the granting of the Italian demand
would have had on the partition of
China the United States authorities
have been closely following the devel
opments in the Far East, and they now
appear to be satisfied that in the face
of the opposition of Great Britain and
Japan Italy's request will not be grant
ed Italy did not make this move with
out consultation with the powers, and
she had good reasons to believe that
she would be supported by them, but
it is now evident they have considered
their promise fulfilled in supporting her
claim with diplomatic representations.
I was told to-day that the matter is
not being vigorously pressed by the
Italian Government, and It is not be
lieved it will be.
No information has been cabled to
the State Department by Minister Con
ger relative to the Niuchwang loan
crisis, because it apparently has had no
effect upon the affairs of this Govern
ment. The newspaper reports showing
that it has been settled, however, are
accepted. as true and both in adminis
tration and diplomatic circles an easier
feeling regarding the Far Eastern situ
ation is apparent.
THE CZAR'S
TROOPS IN
THE PAMIRS
This Is an Act of Aggres
sion Against the Brit
ish Interest.
Believed in England That It Will
Be Difficult to Avert Armed
Conflict.
M-l ;.■:.:■'■-;-•■...'■■:■';-•-■■':•■-,■■::.'-■. :-■:, '. • ■-■_-■- -.•'■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦"+ + +
i ♦
♦ LONDON, March 10.— dis- +
+ patch from Allahabad, capital of ♦
+ the northwest province of India, +
♦ says it is reported there from +
+ Yarkand, Chinese Turkestan, ♦
+ that a large force of Russian +
+ troops has arrived at the Russian +
♦ post, Fort Murghabi, on the +
+ Murghabi River, in the Sari +
♦ (great) Pamir, with the inten- +
♦ tion of seizing Sir-I-Kel, the hun- #
+ dred-mile stretch of territory +
♦ north of the Mustagh Mountains, ♦
+ which was left undefined by the +
♦ Pamir boundary commission in -f
♦ 1895. 4.
♦ Its seizure by Russia will cause -f
-♦■ complications with England. -f
♦ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
LONDON, March 10.— The weekly
papers issued on Saturday will treat
China as the cardinal question. The
Spectator will say:
It is coming rapidly to this— Europe
must make serious agreements respecting
the spheres of influence In China with well
defined boundaries,* or the effort to pre
vent a general war will be a failure. We
regret the necessity, for we can fore
see the terrible strain on' the resources
of Great Britain, which are already
somewhat overtaxed, but we can perceive
no other way out of the impasse. Lord
Charles Beresford's policy of keeping the
open door by reviving China and so ob
taining a dominant Influence at Peking is
impossible. Corpses never revive.
The Speaker says:
We are ■ primarily committed to the
open door and the maintenance of the in
tegrity of China. We are also partially
committed to' an approval of the system
of spheres of Influence which may disin
tegrate China. Must we not insist that
the policy of partition go no further until
the matter has been discussed in Euro
pean conference? Meanwhile it Is our
duty to civilization to defend free trade
by every means.
The Outlook, regarding partition of
some kind as inevitable, urges, before
trouble becomes irretrievable, the con
vening of a conference of the powers to
agree to broad principles on which the
partition of China may be pacifically
effected. It suggests that The Hague
conference put aside academic points
and deal with the greate3t menace to
peace, namely, the international scram
ble In China. Connecting the Muscat
incident with the Far Eastern question,
I the Outlook remarks:
Of the five powers who have estab
lished themselves territorially in China
only one— England— has safeguarded "her
seaway thereto by strong places for sup
plies and repair. Until the others are sim
ilarly equipped they must be more or. less
at the mercy of England In the event of
war, which now seems Inevitable.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRESIDENT
WILL FIGHT
TOM REED
Washington Politicians Say
That the War Is On
in Earnest.
THEY ALL DEPLORE IT
Will Be a Historic Battle, and
William McKinley Will Exert
All of His Strength.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 10.
The administration's contest against
Reed for re-election as Speaker is oc
cupying much space in the Eastern
press. It is likely to become historical,
and may have a most important bear
ing on the Presidential campaign next
year. Reed's jealousy of McKinley is
well known. It is of long standing and
appears to have become chronic.
In discussing this subject a leading
Republican to-day said: "I am sorry
that events have so shaped themselves
as to force the President to fight Reed.
Mr. Reed is of course a tough customer,
and he can make a great deal of
trouble, but Mr. McKinley has demon
strated that he is a pretty good poli
tician, and I am satisfied that he will
prove to be equal to the present emer
gency. Mr. Reed was given every op
portunity to adjust matters on. a satis
factory basis, but declined to avail him
self of it. That the administration can
defeat Reed for Speaker of the Fifty
sixth Congress is the conviction of the
great majority of conservative observ
ers. Some Western man will be picked
out for the administration forces to
rally around. It may be Henderson of
lowa, or Hopkins of Illin Is, or some
unknown man, but the decision is in
favor of a man from the West.
"There is method in this, of course.
The bulk of the Republican member
ship of the next House will be com
posed of Western men. They will be
in the majority and should, in the na
tural order of things, dominate the
House. It will be easier to defeat Reed
with a Western man than with Mr.
Sherman or any one from the Eastern
States.
"Mr. Reed can also continue his fight
against the administration from the
floor, but the President believes that if
Mr. Reed can be reduced to the ranks
in the House he will become more tract
able. Anything would be preferable, he
thinks, to his re-election as Speaker."
It is pointed out that Mr. Reed was
opposed to the annexation of Hawaii,
which the administration favored; that
he was at no time in sympathy with the
administration's Cuban policy; that he
opposed the acquisition < '. the Philip
pines and of Porto Rico, and was un
friendly to army reorganization on a
permanent basis; that he opposed the
Nicaragua canal, which is regarded as
essential to the development of the ex
pansion policy, and the Pacific cables,
being responsible for the defeat of both
schemes.
It is suggested that his opposition
thus disclosed to the general policy of
the administration will be almost cer
tain to hinder action if he is Speaker
of the next House, and that moreover,
his great power and prominence en
courage the development of an anti-
administration faction in the party
along almost the same lines of opposi
tion, save on the money question, as
those adopted by the followers of W.
J. Bryan — anti-expansion, anti-army,
anti-almost everything that the ad
ministration is for. Moreover, it is as
serted that even on the money question
Mr. Reed's plans differ from those of
the administration.
Notwithstanding the opposition to
Reed for political reasons, it is con
ceded that he is the biggest and brain
iest Republican alive, and it is probable
that when it comes to a show-down
many of those representatives who now
talk bravely of opposing him will fall
into Reed's lines as heretofore.
MARYSVILLE WOOLEN
MILLS LIE IN RUINS
Frank Peck, a Bay City Wheelman,
Loses His Life During a
Conflagration.
MARYS VILLI:. March 10.— A fire
that broke out at 8 o'clock this evening
destroyed the Marysville Woolen Mills,
located in the heart of the city. The
blaze was first discovered in the engine
room on the lower floor of the two-story
brick structure. The supposed cause
was spontaneous combustion. \ 9y
During the progress of the fire Frank
Peck of Tuba City, aged 19 years, a
prominent . Bay City Wheelman, en
tered the building and was overcome
by smoke. He was burned to death.
Superintendent Knight places the loss
at $100,000; insurance, $80,000. A large
stock of wool and finished goods was
destroyed. The machinery was ren
dered useless. Luckily there was no
heavy wind. The fire- throws 100 per
sons out of employment.
POPE'S CONDITION
STILL ALARMING
Though His Illness Is Passing, He
Fails to Grain in
Strength.
LONDON, March 11.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
The Pope continues to improve, but his
physicians say he shows great weak
ness, which is rather alarming to his
entourage.
Belgium's Queen Improving.
BRUSSELS. March 10.— Queen Marie
Henriette is much better this evening, but
she is not yet regarded out of danger.2
BURNS WILL NOT
GRAB THE WATER
FRONT PATRONAGE
The Senate Definitely Refuses to
Waste Any More Time on the
Harbor Bill.
COMPLETE ROUT OF THE MEXICAN
Senators Hoey and Burnett Bravely Stand in
Line With the Majority Despite the
Threats of Dire Retribution.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 10.— Senator Dickinson's
bill reorganizing the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners was finally. laid to rest
to-day, and with it were buried the pre
tensions of power that have been the
boast of Dan Burns, Major McLaughlin,
Hervey Lindley and their army of touts
during the past three months.
in vain did Burns, McLaughlin, Lind
ley and their followers line up the Re
publican Senators and threaten them
with everything from the displeasure of
the chief executive to political ostracism
if they failed to vote to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was defeated on
Wednesday; in vain did they insist that
It was the pet measure of Governor Gage,
and that, as such, it should be supported
by every Republican vote in the Senate,
and in vain did they further debase them
selves by calling to mind their humiliat
ing experience of yesterday when they
crawled in the dust at the feet of the
Grant men and begged to be allowed to
dismiss the Gharges of contempt against
Milton J. Green. The result was in every
case the same. The Grant men scorned
the advances of those who had been will
ing to do a servile act after being beaten
into submission and because of prospec
tive gain; they had the Mexican down and
knew it, and knowing it, were not dis
posed to surrender the advantages of a
victory so hardly won. The other Repub
lican stalwarts, led by Senators Davis and
Boyce, ignored alike threats and offers of
personal gain, and showed the way to
success that marked Burns as a boss
without a following, a politician without
power.
Among those whose votes contributed to
the defeat of the measure on Wednesday
were Senators Hoey and Burnett. Both
of these legislators have been voting for
Burns for Senator since the beginning of I
the session, and the fact that they broke
away from Burns and voted with the op
position on the Harbor Commission bill
caused great surprise and indignation in
the Burns camp. It was upon those two
men that the full strength of the Burns
batteries was turned last night and to-day
in an effort to pull them down and force
them against their convictions to vote to
reconsider the vote by which the hill was
defeated, or at least to vote to postpone
the consideration of the motion to recon
sider until some future time. Both Sen
ator Hoey and Senator Burnett, to their
credit be it said, refused to yield to either
threats or inducements of personal gain.
They had voted against the measure on
principle, and they declared their purpose
to continue to vote against it to the end.
That they carried out this declaration to
the letter was one of the bitterest drops
in the whole bitter dose forced down the
throats of the supporters of the bill this
afternoon.
The defeat of Burns and his followers I
was made more everwhelming by the fact |
that they made their fight not on the I
merits of the bill but upon a motion to
postpone action on the motion to recon- j
sider until Monday afternoon. Wednesday !
a majority of the Republican Senators I
and all of the Democrats put the stamp
of disapproval on the proposed measure
so far as Its merits were concerned. To
day the same majority put the seal of
their disapproval on Burns and his politi
cal machinations and pretensions. Hav
ing killed the bill, they wished to kill
Burns, and they did it so effectually that
there is no need of an autopsy to ascer
tain the cause of death. Should one
be held,- the verdict would be "overin
dulgence in political pretensions."
There were all kinds of lobby
ists on the floor when the bill ;
came up. It was not a good time |
for It. That every one of its friends was i
willing to admit; but there are certain I
restrictions to parliamentary proceedings I
and one of them is that when a Senator
gives notice that on a certain day he will i
move to reconsider a certain vote he must '
.make his motion or let his intention to I
reconsider pass from sight. It was a case j
of Hobson's choice, and Dickinson made !
his motion just after the time for the i
consideration of the Assembly file had j
expired.
In making his motion, he said, he had
one or two amendments to offer to the
schedule of salaries as set forth in me
bill, and he thought Monday was none
too soon to bring them up for considera
tion. Wolfe put the motion in definite
shape by moving that the matter go over
until Monday at half-past 3, and all the
supporters of the bill seconded the mo
tion.
Davis objected. He said the Senator
from Marin had asked that the question
go over from yesterday afternoon until
to-day on the ground that he desired a
full attendance of the Senate, and Sena
tor Davis called attention to the fact that
the Senators were present in numbers as
great as ever could be expected.
Continuing, Davis said: "I withdrew
my objection to a postponement from yes
terday purely out of courtesy. I ex
pected the measure to come up for con
sideration to-day, and so did everybody
else. We have all the afternoon and all
the evening to consider the matter, and
there is no need to put it off any longr.
We can reconsider the vote and consider
the bill, or we can vote it down and finish
it, but there Is no reason to postpone it."
Davis declared the bill was illogical
upon the showing of the author himself.
He called attention to the report of the
investigating committee and to the fact
that it charged corruption in the manage
ment of harbor affairs. He calleC atten
tion to the fact that two members of the
board were, by the terms of the bill, re
tained In office, and the third would be i
out of office, by the expiration of his
term, in two weeks. Both members re
tained must be honest, Davis said, or they
would not be retained, and within two
weeks the Governor would appoint a
third, also honest, and so all the Investi
gating committee could ask would have
been granted and so what was the use of
the bill?
"If there be corruption to correct," de
manded Davis, "why retain two of the
corruptionists in office? On behalf of the
Republican party, its heart and soul, its
rank and file, let us stand by our prin
ciples In spite of the temptation to use
the powers which have been given us and i
we will be doing higher politics than if j
we pass this bill.''
Then Leavitt had something to "say.
Measure after measure, he declared, had
come up, and had been laid over merely
as a matter of courtesy to the Senator
who moved to postpone. It was a Sena
torial courtesy, he said, and he proceeded
to dilate on that ethereal thing which al
lows all that the rules forbid and sanc
tions much that is unparliamentary. He
said he would like to answer Davis, "the
Senator from Amador," but he would not
do so on a motion to postpone. He would
wait until the bill came up for final pas
• sage, an Intention somewhat premature
ana optimistic. _ _ _
Boyce was the next man who had some
thing to say, but his remarks did no good
to the bill. "We have been on watch all
day," he said; "we have been waiting for
this bill to come up and we propose to
put It in a coffin and screw down the lid
so this corpse will never rise again. '
Luchsinger said he would vote for
postponement out of Senatorial courtesy.
Wolfe added a few words on the same j
subject of courtesy and then proceeded J
Ito do politics. He gloried In the Demo-
I crats standing solidly together and, al
though he did not say so. it was plain
■ he did not glory in the Republicans. He
j said Davis got his applause from the
Democrats "and he was entitled to it.''
and he declared the motion should be
postponed.
Ashe wanted to know if Wolfe consid
ered it a political fight, but Wolfe pre
ferred to remain silent, on that phase of
the question, and then Flint, who was
not presiding, raised the point of order
that the merits of the bill could not be
discussed on. a motion to postpone.
Dickinson spoke again, explaining his
Intention: to amend If the bill was re
considered, and then it went to a vote.
The motion -'to .postpone was beaten by the
folio win 6K- ; few -;'•
■ A ■ i ■_— Bettman/'.Bulla, Dickinson, Flint,
Gillette, Laird, vLangford, Leavitt. Luch
singer, Morehouse, Shortridge, Simpson,
Taylor, Trout', Wolfe—
Noes— Ashe, Boyce, Braunhnrt, Bur
nett, Chapman,. Curtin. Davis, Doty.
Dwyer. Feeney. Hall. Hoey, Jones, La
Rue, Maggard. Nutt, Pace, Prisk, Rowell,
Sims. Smith—
Absent— Cutter— 2.
Excused— Stratton—L
The motion to reconsider then came tip,
and without more words it was lost by the
following vote:
Ayes: Bettman, Bulla, Dickinson. Flint,
Laird, Leavitt, Morehouse, Shortridge,
Simpson, Taylor. Wolfe— ll. .
Noes: Ashe, Boyce. Braunhart, Burnett,
Chapman, Curtin. Davis, Doty, Dwyer,
Feeney, Gillette. Hall, Hoey. Jones. Lang
ford, La Rue. Luchsinger, Maggard, Nutt,
Pace. Prisk. Rowell, Sims, Smith— 24.
Absent: Currier, Cutter—
Excused: Stratton— l.
Did not vote: Trout— l.
This ends the Harbor Commission bill.
HOEY WIELDS THE GAVEL
WITH MARVELOUS EFFECT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Assemblyman Law
rence Hoey of San Francisco was in the
chair this evening in the absence of
Speaker Anderson. The claims of most of
the newspapers of the State for the publi
cation of constutitlonal amendments were
the special order for the evening. All but
three of them were passed. The three
went over on the unfinished business file.
Mr. Hoey'_ troubles began when he
banged the gavel for order. Some one had
put a handful of parlor matches on the
block beneath it, and after the smoke had
cleared away he sent a page behind the
chair to hunt for his mallet.
"The House will come to order and the
clerk will read the title," said Mr. Hoey.
"What title?" asked Mr. Belshaw.
"To the bill." said Hoey.
"What hill?" Inquired Dibble.
"Any bill." yelled Hoey, and the clerk
picked up the file.
Then Belshaw respectfully called at
tention to the fact that Crowley of San
Francisco was smoking a cigarette
against rule 69.
"I don't see him doing it," said Hoey.
"The sergeant at arms will put Mr. Bel
shaw in his seat."
Down came the gavel and off went an
other bunch of matches and work was
resumed on the file.
Despite the "joshing," Hoey proved an
excellent Speaker. He got through with
an enormous amount of work, and dealt
without a shudder on points of parlia
mentary law that even Dibble would not
have dared dally with.
In a ringing, appreciative speech on be
half of the San Francisco delegation Dib
ble passed up to the desk one of the finest
things in the gold brick line that has been
handed out during the session. Hoey de
clared that "gold bricks being out of or
der we will proceed with the file," and
the fun was over for the evening.
The day session was consumed in the
final consideration of the "fender" and
"Santa Fe" bills, and no other measures
were passed.
This evening the following hills were
read the third time and passed to the
Senate: Trinity Journal, Fresno Expos
tor, the Capital, E. C. Rust. Chico Record,
Inyo Independent, Labor World, Madera
Tribune, Town Talk, Willows Promoter,
A. A. Taylor, Ventura Democrat, Butch
ers' and Stock Growers' Journal, Dally
Willows Journal, Herald Publishing Com
pany of Los Angeles, Blue Lake Advo
cate, Allen B. Lemmon, Evening Post
Publishing Company, San Francisco News
Letter, J. L. Childs, Mountain Messenger,
Napa Journal, San Jose Herald, Healds
burg Enterprise, J. B. Sanford, San
Francisco Call. Bakersfleld Californlan,
Sacramento Evening Bee, Big Valley Ga
zette, Vallejo Chronicle. Shasta County
Democrat, Gonzales Tribune, Williams
Farmer. Events, M. F. McFarland, Ful
lerton Tribune, Merced Star and M. C.
Duffle.
AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES
CLAIMS FOR COMPENSATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— After a hard fight
Senator Curtin secured the passage of his
bill relating to agricultural societies, this
evening. It is the same bill that has been
brought up in various forms by different
Senators in the last two or three sessions,
and has never before reached so much as
a favorable vote.
The bill provides a means by which ag
ricultural societies may test their claims
for compensation for money spent on im
provements out of their own appropria
tions. In Tuolumne the directors of the
fair in that district have expeneded toOOO
in improvements on the understanding
that the State would pay certain other ex
penses of the fair, principal among which
was the money given in prizes. The fair
grounds in Tuolumne County were pur
chased in 1889, and in that year, 1891 and
1893 the State allowed the prize money,
DEWEY WILL BE FITTINGLY
WELCOMED TO CALIFORNIA
r
5 CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. March 10.— Like those other
r heroes, the boys of the First, Dewey— he of Manila Bay fame— ls to be
' tendered a royal reception by the State of California as soon as ever he
» shall set foot on the soil. •
►- To-day, under a suspension of the constitution. Grove L. Johnson offered
> in the Assembly a bill appropriating $5000 to be expended, under the direc
►- tion of the Governor, in duly celebrating the arrival of the admiral and any
_ of his officers who may accompany him in California.
■-'•'■. It is expected that It will not be long before he leaves Manila Bay for this
5 country for a much-needed rest, and Governor Gage will extend to him, on
\ behalf of the people, a welcome to California. The second reading of the
' measure was made a special order for to-morrow, and it will be rushed
> through both houses as a matter of urgency.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, j _M ARCH 11, 1899.
amounting ,in each instance to about
$2000. - . •"" '
The gate receipts for each year have
reduced the total of the Indebtedness to
about $2000, and this is the amount of the
debt which now lies upon the association.
In 1895 and 1897, however. Governor Budd
vetoed the claims for prize money, and
that left the association so much behind.
Curtin's bill makes no appropriation. It
only places the claims in such a position
that at any time the agricultural district
may make a claim for money expended on
agricultural fair grounds which are the
property of the State and then test the
claims before the Board of Examiners.
Should the Board of Examiners pass the
claims under the act just passed by the
Senate it will establish them as just
claims: if the board refuses them it. will
allow the bringing to suit and the testing
of the claims in a court of law. where
they may be finally settled. There was
a good deal of active opposition to the
bill, but after some time spent in argu
ment by Its author it was passed.
JOHNSON AGAIN TRIES TO
FORCE AN ADJOURNMENT
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Grove L. Johnson
this morning made another abortive at
tempt to adjourn the Legislature sine die
by moving to recall from the table Bel
shaw's resolution to adjourn sine die on
the 11th. : The .Burns push had not
reached the chamber and only a few
scattering Votes were cast in favor of his
motion. t.
The lack of unanimity of feeling In fa
vor of his proposition angered Johnson
and he indulged in one of his little nerve
grating harangues. in which he poked fun
at the House and declared frankly that
now that pay was stopped he did not
care to work any longer. He made the
happy admission that he was here for the
dollars solely and not for the benefit he
might be to California's dilapidate
codes.
"You gentlemen may like to v work with
out pay," said he. "I suppose you do
and you have got a right. But I don't.
I do not see why I should stay here day
after day and get. nothing for it.
"There Is no reason why we cannot get
THE FIGHT AT SACRAMENTO— One More Round Will Finish Him.
ready to adjourn by the 15th; I would ad
journ to-morrow myself. The general ap
propriation bill will only take an hour or
so and the tax levy not much longer.
We could get everything done and I want
to recall Belshaw's resolution from the
table and amend it for the 15th."
» Valentine and Dibble ridiculed the
statement that business could be dis
posed of and adjournment taken by the
15th. They laughed at Johnson's idea of
getting through with the general appro
priation bill and tax levy in three or four
hours. , _
Valentine said adjournment before the
ISth was a physical impossibility and pos
sibly it could not be taken on that day.
The question was called for and John
son's motion was overwhelmingly de
feated.
In the Senate.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Match 10.— An invitation to Cali
fornia to join in the Pan-American Expo
sition to be held near Buffalo on the Ni
agara frontier In 1901 has been received.
The communication came in the form of
a telegram from the Mayor of Buffalo to
Lieutenant Governor Neff.
In the telegram it is set forth that the
Federal Government has already appro
priated $500,000 for the exposition, the
State had appropriated $300,000 and the
people of Buffalo had guaranteed $1,500,000.
The communication was ordered printed
in the journal. ____.„ -'
A communication from the Governor of
Nevada was also ordered printed in the
journal. It asked the Legislature of Cali
fornia to appropriate money to help main
tain the Lake Tahoe wagon road.
Tender Bill Passed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Senator Braunhart's
fender bill, so amended by Assemblyman
Dibble that the County Board of Super
visors shall have the disposition of the
whole fender matter, passed the Assem
bly to-day by a vote of 51 to 8.
O'Brien and White of San Francisco,
minority members, were the only active
opponents of the measure on the floor.
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets removes the
cause that produces La Grippe. The genuine
has L. B. Q. on each Tablet. 25c. % V;
DAN'S HENCHMEN
SCORE ANOTHER
SIGNAL DEFEAT
Promises of Reward
Unfulfilled.
TWO HUNDRED FAT JOBS LOST
TOUTS ARE BECOMING DISCOUR
AGED AT THE OUTLOOK.
Hints of the "Colonel's" Withdrawal
From the Senatorial Contest
in Circulation at
the Capital.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— In the Senate to-day
the Burns forces were defeated and hu
miliated. The touts, big and little, sought
to secure a reconsideration of the bill to
reorganize the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners, but the friends of the
people on the floor of the Senate stood
together manfully and effectually disposed
of the scheme.
The engagement had a bearing on the
Senatorial contest for this reason: Prom
ises were made right and left that the
supporters of Dan Burns should be re
warded with the official spoils of the party
to which he claims to belong. There were
not enough offices in sight to meet the
demand of the touts for places at the
public crib; hence attention was turned
to the scheme to reorganize the Harbor
Commission. The bill proposed to oust
200 employes from office and give the
patronage, aggregating #2so,ooo per annum,
to the touts.
The Grant men saw the danger in the
proposition, and did not propose to be
caught napping or be misled by the cry
that to the victors belong the spoils. They
believed the pretense that places were to
be filled by loyal and faithful Republicans
independent of Senatorial considerations
was a fraud and a sham.
Diligent Inquiry and common-sense in
duced them to believe that Burns was in
a desperate strait for help and that the |
success of the bill would give him an op
portunity to promise 200 places. Beyond
that the Grant men were convinced that
the passage of the measure would be
regarded as a Burns triumph and the
people of the State were not in a frame of
mind to justify legislation favorable to
the Senatorial aspirations of Burns.
The monotony of the Senatorial situa
tion was not broken by the joint ballot
to-day, but it was gratifying to note that
one hundred and twelve members of the
Legislature responded to the rollcall. The
number required for a choice was fifty
seven. Considering that the members are
working without pay, the attendance is
very good. There are no indications that
the number will be diminished next week.
In fact the supporters of General Barnes
and Mr. Grant are receiving commenda
tory letters and telegrams from constitu
ents urging them to remain at their post
of duty to defeat the election of Burns.
To-day one member who Is voting for
Barnes was assured that the people of his '
district would not allow his pay to stop I
because the State had ceased paying tne i
legislators. The message said; "In op- i
posing the election of an unworthy man |
and advocating the cause of a clean and
able candidate you are working for tne
people, w ho will manifest their apprecia- '
tion of your services."
Inquiries at the various Senatorial i
camps to-night do not foreshadow Im
portant changes to-morrow, but It is be
lieved, nevertheless, that accessions to the
Barnes column will soon be recorded. His
supporters are confident and enthusiastic.
The Grant men are displaying fresh signs
of courage, and are naturally elated over
the defeat of the "organization" in the
Senate to-day.
The Burns men, with the aid oi the
Democrats, may attempt to force an ad
journment sine die at an earlier date than
Saturday of next week, but such an at
tempt will provoke a bitter controversy.
" There is no caucus talk to-night. Had
Burns succeeded in his legislative
schemes he might have started in anew
to agitate the calling of a caucus, but the
defeat In the Senate to-day has stunned !
the managers of the "Colonel's" fight.
Everybody says there will be "something
doing next week," but it Is the general
opinion that few important movements
will be made In the open before Monday
next.
The surmises pertaining to the events of
next week are varied and conflicting. Men
whose opinions are entitled to respect ex
press the view that Burns will withdraw
from the contest in order that a Repub
lican Senator may be chosen at this ses- |
sion. Others entertain the opinion that
Burns is too selfish and bitter to make
any concessions for the sake of the Re- |
publican party, and that he will use all j
the means within his reach to defeat the
election of anybody but himself. Th« j
anti-Burns Republicans in the Legislature
may take the subject in hand and elect
despite the programme of "Burns or no
Senator."
The Southern Pacific is sharply criti
cized for its brazen attempt to force the
election of Burns, contrary to the ex
pressed will of a majority of the Repub
lican members of the Legislature. It Is
the comment that the corporation should
now retire from the contest and permit
the representatives of .the people to set
tle the Senatorial question in their own
way. ;-'._
Colonel J. P. Jackson, Collector of the
Port of San Francisco, arrived this even
ing. ■
THE SAME OLD VOTE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, March 10.— The bunch
of Scott votes with which rumor said
General Barnes would feather his
Senatorial nest did not develop on
the Senatorial ballot this noon.
There was no change of any sort
except that W. W. Foote received
the complimentary Democratic
vote. The result was as follows:
BARNES 22
ESTEE 1
BURNS 25
GRANT 26
SCOTT 6
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
PHELAN (DO 1
FOOTE (D.) ....29
BOYCE TRIES TO STOr
UNSEEMLY LOBBYING
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Senator Boyce Is
getting tired of lobbyists and Senators
who lay aside their dignity for the pur
pose of securing another vote for a fa-
vorlte measure. He took his first step
toward their suppression by submitting
the following resolution:
Whereas, The exhibition on the floor of this
Senate on Thursday, March 9, during the roll
call on Senate bill 367, was not calculated ' to
promote deliberate and free action on the part
of Senators upon pending legislation; now,
therefore, be it
Resolved. That while this body Is taking ac
tion upon pending measures and during the
roll call thereon, no Senator, member of the
Assembly or other person shall solicit any
member of this body to vote in any particular
way, or induce or attempt to induce, any mem
ber of this body to vote or change his vote
upon the same, nor attempt by private argu
ment or solicitation to affect the action of this
body or members thereof.
Senator Rowell Is responsible for Senate
bill 367. It Is a measure defining terms
when used in connection with assessable
property, and there was much opposition
to that clause relating to money depos
ited in banks and making such money
taxable as part of the property of the
bank or corporation. When the hill came
up there was not much said, but by the
time the roll had been called several Sen
ators had left their seats and were rush
ing from desk to desk, while changes
from "aye" to "no" began to be heard.
It was finally announced from the chair
that the bill had been defeated, but later
In the afternoon the chair announced that
there had been a mistake in checking up
the roll call, and that the bill had In fact
been passed.
Senator Leavitt moved for a reconsid
eration and that ended the matter for the
day. but Boyce's resolution will proba
bly bring It up again.
SENATE STILL JUMPING
ON THE NEWSPAPERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Senate bill 530, which
provides that newspaper articles of a cer
tain kind shall be signed, came up before
the Senate this evening, and was made
more emphatic by a vote refusing to re
consider the vote by which it was passed
yesterday.
The motion to reconsider was made by
Senator Smith, who, in moving to take
the matter up again, made another plea
for the . rights of a newspaper and the
general responsibility which has always
characterized it and which has made it a
power in the land. To make of the news
paper but a collection of signed articles
was, In his judgment, to rob it of the
element which has made it what it is,
and he declared that the bill should not
only be reconsidered but defeated.
Shortridge backed him up in his state
ments and then added a few of his own.
He said the law Was a dead letter any
how, and would never amount to any
thing, besides being vicious anad danger
ous legislation and a blow at the guaran
teed liberty of the press.
Gillette, who had voted for the bill, fa
vored a reconsideration because, he said,
he had discovered that the bill allowed
suit for omission of the signature to be
brought by any one and half of the fine
would go to the patriotic citizen who had
the nerve to bring the suit. It mattered
little whether the plaintiff was the one re
ferred to in the article; any one could
bring suit and half the money was his if
it turned out successful.
He thought the bill was loosely drawn
In that respect and so he said he would
vote to reconsider. The final vote on re
consideration showed only defeat for it
by the following:
Ayes— Braunhart. Bulla, Curtin. Doty,
Dwyer, Flint, Gillette, Jones, La Rue,
Prisk. Rowell, Shortridge, Smith, Strat
ton—
Noes— Ashe, Bettman. Boyce. Burnett,
Chapman, Davis, Dickinson, Hall, Hoey,
Luchslnger, Morehouse, Nutt, Simpson,
Taylor, Trout. Wolfe— l6.
SANTA FE BILL
IS NOW IN THE
GOVERNOR'S HANDS
Passes the Assembly, After a . Hard
Fight, With Only Twelve Votes
Recorded Against It.
ACTUAL COMPETITION IS ASSURED
Southern Pacific's Great Bival Enabled to
Consolidate Its Interests in This State
and Carry Out Its Purpose.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 10.— Senate bill 27. by
Simpson, went through the Assembly
on its final passage this afternoon, with
only twelve votes against it.
It gave rise to the first redhot debate
that has occurred over any bill during
the present session. For a matter of
two hours or more there was some
mighty spell binding. Caminetti of
Amador made most of the noise; Dib
ble and Johnson did most of the work.
The measure before the House was
the much-discussed Santa Fe bill. It
permits the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe people to acquire the 'Federal
franchise of the old Atlantic and Pa
cific road between Mojave and the
Needles, the Southern California Rail
way from Barstow to Los Angeles, the
right of way over the Southern Pa
cific's line from Mojave to Bakersfleld
and the San Joaquin Valley road from
Bakersfleld to San Francisco. All of
these franchises and rights of way the
road needs, that it may bring into San \
Francisco the first competing line that
has come to California's relief.
When the bill came up as a special
order for this afternoon Caminetti
opened the proceedings by calling up
his substitute bill, which was already
printed in the journal."*
Judge Dibble asked him to explain
before further action "was taken just
what his substitute was designed to
effect. Caminetti explained. It took
him just sixty-six minutes, but he ex
plained.
"In the first place," said he. "nothing
but the stock of the California rail
roads is permitted to be sold by the
provisions of my amendment. The
franchises and rights of way cannot
be transferred. In other words, the
buyer becomes a stockholder rather
than an owner.
"In the second place, bill 57 says in
one clause that no competing road may
be bought by its competitor. Thai's all
right as far as it goes, but the next
section nullifies it by providing that
any line now leased, competitive or
otherwise, may be purchased.
"What I fear, and the reason for my
amendment is, that in passing bill No.
57 you take from California the right
to revise or repeal these franchises by
transferring them to a foreign corpora
tion."
Then Mr. Caminetti opened out. For
over an hour he contended with much
eloquence that the bill was no more nor
less than a scheme to assist the South
ern Pacific to destroy possible compe
tition by amalgamating the new line
with its own. True competition, he
said, was practically an impossibility.
Judge Dibble pulled the constitution
on Caminetti and proved to the satis
faction of more than enough of the
members to pass the bill that Senate
bill 57 provided none of the fearful
things the gentleman from Amador
claimed it did, and after < a brilliant
speech in favor of the measure gave
way to Grove Johnson, who, in his own
meek way, told Mr. Caminetti he was
playing to the gallery.
Then a vote was taken on Caminetti's
substitution and it went down, 56 to 14.
The question was then on the final
passage of the original bill. Caminetti
jumped in with more -amendments, and
Dibble threatened to head him off with
a demand for the previous question if
he persisted in dilatory tactics.
"Choke me off!" yelled Caminetti.
"But answer to the people for what
you have done!"
Then Grove Johnson got up again and
delivered a telling speech.
"If I did not know the gentleman
from Amador as well as I do. if 1 did
not know his reputation for honesty
and integrity in all things, I should be
led to believe by his action here to
day that he was doing railroad politics:
that he was opposed to the Santa Fe
people in their endeavor to bring a
competing line into California to for
ever relieve her of the one road domi
nation that has held he> down.
"God speed the day when we shall see
in every pass and canyon of the
Sierras the headlights of competing
railroads. As a man who has his all.
little as it may be, tied up here, as a
citizen who loves his State, as a man
whose children and grandchildren have
200 SUITS $5.00. 8
These are wool suits and high class goods. Every size from youths of
ifi to 42 chest measure. Take your choice of the whole lot for tins sum and
«ye half Also 100 wool suits, gray or brown mixed, at $7 25. Can send
„",„ of this lot if wanted. We offer rare privilege in clothing buying
- JS_t now boys' or men's, not one kind, but all' kinds.
TRY THESE THINGS.
One Paper Sewing Needles, imported lc ,
One Little Basket for fancy work lc j
One Package Hairpins... ■••• £ ,
One Fire Kindler, asbestos lc
One Good Button-hook « |
One Fishline for boys '<-
One Farafflne Candle, summer use lc
TRY THESE THINGS.
1 Handled Splint Basket. Mc kind 5c
1 Motto Handkerchief, girls' size 5c
I White Cambric Handkerchief, mens M
1 Name Pin, see Home Circle 1i5t....... 6C
1 Copy "Overland." January or December.... 5c
l Whisk-room, lOc one • 5c ,
1 Can Finest Jam • & c I
TRY THESE THINGS.
1 Game to please children JOB !
1 Boy's Knife, good strong one joe
1 Lady's Sleeveless Vest, good JOe
1 Very Best Jam. large. ™- j
1 of our Home-made Pies »«
1 pound Cereal Coffee i"*- '
BATTLE CREEK.
If you are Interested in the Health
Foods from Battle Creek, Mich., and
nearly everybody is, they are on exhi-
bition in our windew to-day and being
demonstrated and talked about at our
counter by a capable and pleasant wo-
man sent from there for that purpose.
Come in and make her acquaintance.
I been born and reared in this State. I
; say, God speed the day when competi
\ tion shall come in.
"The gentleman from Amador fears
! this State will lose its right to revise
■ and repeal these franchises. No mat
'• ter what laws this State may make to
! control a gigantic railway corporation
: what would they amount to? A rope of
sand. The laws this country might
make would be nothing but a rope of
sand. Throw off all laws, all restric
l tions, and welcome this new blood and
I new capital to our State, and in a few
] short years the people of the State will
' rise up and bless the Legislature that
, brought them prosperity."
Then for half an hour Caminetti.
I O'Brien and White tried to block the
• further progress of the bill with dila-
I tory amendments, but one after the
I other they were voted down and the
-measure came to a vote.
It won out by a vote of 56 to 12. It
! will now be sent to the Governor for his
signature.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j
; "Peace Hath
Her Victories
'• &{p less renowned than
war," said Milton, and now,
in the Spring, is the time
to get a peaceful victory
over the impurities which
have been accumulating in
the blood during Winter's
hearty eating. The banfi
ncr of peace is borne aloft
by Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It brings rest and comfort to the
weary body racked by pains of all sorts
and kinds. Its beneficial effects prove it
to be the great specific to be relied upon
for victory. Hood's never disappoints.
Diphtheria — little nephew waa
troubled for two years with sore throat
and tonsilitis. Was threatened with diph-
theria, but Hood's Sarsaparilla warded it
off. He is now entirely weII."— MISS
! INEZ G. REED, Oak Hill Aye., Water-
bury, Conn.
Run Down— was weak, had no ap-
petite, nervous and completely run down.
Tried many remedies, but nothing helped
me until I used Hood's Sarsaparilla. which
cured me."— MRS. WM. MARKS, -'7
Henry street, Binghamton, N. Y.
Catarrh-"! suffered over six years
with catarrh. Spent over $100 in adver-
tised cures, inhalers, etc., without benefit.
Finally tried Hood's Sarsaparilla and It
accomplished a complete and lasting
cure."— A. ABBEY. Victor Aye., Wor-
cester, Mass.
Scrofula— "Running scrofula sores
made me shunned by neighbors. Medical
! treatment failed. A relative urged me to
' try Hood's Sarsaparilla. Did so and in few
months the sores completely healed."—
MRS. J. M. HATCH, Etna, N. H.
Bad Blood— "I could dance for joy for
what Hood's Sarsaparilla did for me in
curing those terrible burning sores on my
leg. Seven doctors gave up, but Hood's
cured me. Mv gratitude is unspeakable..
—THOMAS BENNETT, 175 Sycamore St.,
Roslindale, Mass.
After Fever— "Typhoid fever left my
little girl very weak and thin and with no
appetite. She is now fat and well and
Hood's Sarsaparilla made her so It cured
my husband's rheumatism."— MßS. 'I. IX-
TON B. COPE, Buckingham Valley, Pa,
', Hood's Pills cure liver ills; the nonMrrltatlng
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla.
BUY THESE THINGS.
1 pair Ladies' Black Taffeta Gloves, imported
: 2"c
1 pair Men's or Boys' Strong Gloves 25c
1 Annual Subscription to Dinner Pall 25c
12 Cakes Fine Toilet Soap 25c
8 Cakes Family Laundry Soap, assorted 25c
1 pair Little Boy's Overalls ....25c
1 Lady's Short Flannel Underskirt 25c
BUY THESE THINGS.
35 pounds French Prunes, small Jl 00
1 White Bedspread, large size .- Jl 00
3 Ladies' Long-sleeve Vests, medium weight
3 pair' Ladies'" Ribbed Pants, medium weight
3 Boys' "Black" Sateen' Waists, high grade... JJ 00 j
1 pair Ladies' Dress Shoes, 1 to 5 JJ J»
1 pair Girls' Dress Shoes. 11 to 2...... « ';' 1
2 pair Ladles' Bicycle Gloves. 6 to 6 1 * JJ 00
1 Man's $2 SO Hat. from samples JJ 0J
3 pairs Knee Pants. 6-bit kind JJ 00
_ Bargain 16c Books, our selection JJ "»
pair Girls* Stylish overalls JJ "0
1 Gent's Vest, light or dark JJ 00
20 Yards of Calico or Muslin l"»
CASH STOREYS;
25-27 Market St., S.F. lGROVE L. JOHNSON
USES HIS POSITION
FOR PRIVATE ENDS
Attempts to Change the Civil Code to
Enable Him to Win Two
Big Lawsuits.
DISCOVERED IN THE NICK OF TIME
The Murdock and Wilkinson Estate Cases,
Involving Immense Sums, Vitally Affected
by His Proposed Changes.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MENTO, March in.— Assemblyman Grove
L. Johnson is at it again. This time the
facts, as far as they are known, seem to
Indicate that while he is a member of the
Legislature he is still attending to the de
tails of his law business and that he Is
making one occupation assist the other to
their mutual advantage.
On February 17 Mr. Johnson Introduced
In the Assembly a bill entitled "An act
to amend section 1880 of the Code of Civil
Proceedure. relating to witnesses." It
Is in the provisions of this bill that Mr.
Johnson's fine legal hand appears.
By some legislative process known to
those who are familiar with the by-paths
of legislation as it is enacted in the Cali
fornia Legislature, Mr. Johnson secured a
favorable recommendation for the bill by
the Assembly Judiciary Committee and
then secured its passage by the Assembly
without attracting to it the attention of
the several lawyers who are members of
that body.
It was then transmitted to the Senate.
where ft was referred to the Judiciary
Committee of that body, and but for the
discovery made to-day It is more than
probable that it would have received the
Fame consideration at the hands of the
upper house of the Legislature that it did
in the Assembly. As it is. there must be
an counting rendered by Mr. Johnson,
and that right speedily. ' - .
The bill, which is. short, reads as fol
lows:
Section I— Section eighteen hundred and
eighty is hereby amended to read as follows:
Section ISSO— The following persons cannot be
" ?: , _ ._
1. Those who are of unsound mind at the
time of their action for examination.
2 Children under Id year. of age who ap
-, ear Incapable of receiving just impressions of
the facts respecting which they are examined,
or of relating them truly.
3 Parties or assignors of parties to an ac
tlon or proceeding;, or persons in whose behalf
an action or proceeding is prosecuted against
an executor or administrator, upon a claim
or demand against the estate of a -deceased
person as to any matter of fact, occurring be
fore trie death of such deceased person.
Provided, that such persons or
parties become fully competent if re
quired by the executor or administra
tor to testify or be sworn in the
action as to such matters, either on
the trial or by deposition.
Sec. 2. This amendment shall take
LITTLE BELLES AND
TINY BEAUX TO POSE
AN ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
The Children Will Dance Around the
Maypole and Follow the Pied
Piper of Hamlin. *
Prompted by the great success of the
entertainment given at the Hobart man
sion a few weeks ago and in response to
numerous petitions- for a repetition, the
lady patronesses of the Children's Hos
pital and Training School for Nurses have
decided to repeat the "Mother Goose" en
tertainment this afternoon at Native
Sons' Hall. .
The entertainment promises. In many
ways to exceed in artistic merit and ef
fect the delightful affair at the Hobart
home. The limited stage accommodations
of the Van Ness avenue residence pre
vented many of those in attendance from
unloving the beautiful tableaux, in which
the tin y belles and beaux were so pret
tily posed-a drawback to complete suc
i^s— which will be eliminated in the hall.
Aether feature in favor of the.enter
tainment to-morrow afternoon is that
there will be no booths and that the
dainty ml- and sturdy masters who
Presided over their destinies will join tne
children on the stage in the songs and
tableaux. A novel feature to be Intro
duced will be the Maypole dance by the
. |en shepherdessess" and the "Pied
of Hamlin," with all the partici
aSS following gayly in his tram. ana
P \ll the tableaux and
the many songs that made the ; SSffl|
Ti k-ets for the affair may be securetfl
f™^il& SEE W. W^n
n f TO^? Griffith Mrs. James P. Lang-
Edwin L- Grimtn n Griffith
£n r . e TTnffman Mis'- Sallle Maynard. Mrs.
Miss Hoffman, an ss ° N McLaren.
& dW,n Fmo?tM Ulster, Miss Eells. Mi__
?SadM!e I MSs C Morgan and Miss Kit
tle. . ____.
AN UNDERTAKER'S BILL.
Charges as Much for an Arm as a
Whole Body.
•-Has there been an explosion here re
cently?" was the query Supervisor Col
lin" directed to Edward Kelly, the under
taker who has the contract for the burial
of the city's "indignant" dead, yesterday.
Member- of the Health and Police Com
mme" were looking over his bill for las
month Tie- contract price is 18 05 for^each
body The terns in the bill showed arms,
legs hands and other portions of. bodies
chrrs-ed at full price. Mr. Kelly explained
that it was as much trouble to dispose of
an arm or a leg as of a whole body. The
bill was taken .under advisement. The;
portions of bodies come from the City and
County Hospital and result from amputa
tions. *• i
. — » — -
Unknown Man Found Drowned j
The body of an unknown man was round
yesterday, afternoon floating in the bay
near Meiggs wharf and was taken to the
Morgue. The corpse had been in the water
for two weeks or more and the features I
were unrecognizable, nearly all of the face |
and the hair having disappeared The de
?"a-ed was five feet nine inches in height j
and wore a flannel neglige shirt, gray in
color a dark sack suit of diagonal cheviot,
ye low underclothing and black lace shoes
of good quality. The ■■ appearance of the
, „i v is not thai of a laboring man. Not
a scrap of paper or writing was found by
which fit might be identified Two jack
knives were all the property found .on- the
deceased The body will be kept in the
Morgue for two or three days awaiting,
Identification.
. ■» •
Calvarian Service.
The usual Sunday cathedral, service of
the Calvarian Society will be the occasion
for Rev. Joseph M. Gleason's discourse.
His- subject and text will be Human
Passions." "I find no cause of death in
him. I will chastise him. therefore, and
let him go. But they were instant with ;
loud voices, requiring that he might be .
crucified, and their voices prevailed. St.
l_u_._ :__-__. 1
I effect immediately and applies to all
such actions now pending.
Now comes the nigger in the woodpile.
The law as it stands on the statute books
to-day Is the same as the above. bill with
the exception of the portion set in black
face type. This portion is Mr. Johnson's
addition to the existing law. Attention is
also directed to the enacting clause which
■ makes the law as amended by Mr. John
son take effect immediately, and also
makes it applicable to all eases now pend
ing in the courts.
Mr. Johnson has two cases pending In
court which would be materially affected
by the new law. So much so. in fact, that
Mr. Johnson would probably be enabled
to win a decision should the bill become
a law. , '•
Mr. Johnson is attorney for the plain
j tiff in a suit now pending against the
Murdock estate. The suit is for $100,000.
j The details are not at hand to-night, but
•it Is said that Mr.' Johnson's proposed
I amendment is in keeping with the neces
sities of the case as viewed from his
standpoint.
Mr. Johnson is also the attorney for the
plaintiff in the case of Amanda Austin vs.
George Wilcoxson, executor of the es
tate of Jefferson Wilcoxson, deceased.
The action is for $150,000 alleged to be due
the plaintiff for services as nurse and
housekeeper for Jefferson Wilcoxson dur
ing a period of eighteen years. Roughly
estimated the plaintiff estimates her ser
vices to Wilcoxson as being worth about
Sent a month during the term of her al
leged services.
Under the present law Johnson can call
the plaintiff as a witness and examine her
as to all of the facts relating to her
claim as have occurred since the death
of her former ■ employer but cannot go
back to a time anterior to such death.
Should the condition of the case make it
necessary in order to make a proper de
fense for the attorneys for the defendant
to call the plaintiff as a witness Mr. John
son would, under the provisions of the
proposed law, be entitled to go back to
the time of the plaintiff's employment by
the deceased, because the witness had
been called by the executor.
It will at once be apparent to all law
yers' that this amendment to what has al
ways been considered as one of the wisest
provisions safeguarding the rights of a
deceased person will work incalculable
harm if it becomes a law. If It be true.
as alleged, that by the passage of the bill
Mr Johnson seeks to gain an advantage
in two lawsuits -in which he is interested
as an attorney, both involving large sums
of money and both based on apparently
manufactured grounds, the matter be
comes sufficiently serious to warrant an
investigation by the Legislature.
FELL FROM THE DECK
INTO AN ANGRY SEA
W. LOWMAN DROWNED FROM
THE SHIP S. N. CASTLE.
Was Returning From an Ocean Trip
Made to Regain His
Health.
The ship S. N. Castle, which arrived In
' port late last night from Honolulu,
| brought the sad tidings of the drowning
! of L. Lowman. a passenger, who was.
making a trip for his health.
The accident occurred last Friday in
! longitude (150.35 west, latitude 34.11 north.
The vessel had been lying to for about two
■ days in a dead calm.- Thursday afternoon
I a breeze sprang up and the vessel again
i got under way. Friday morning the
! breeze was so strong that it was found
necessary to shorten sail. The sea was
boisterous and the vessel was rolling
! heavily. Mr. Lowman strolled on deck
and stopped at the after companion way
to talk to C. F. Merrill, a fellow passen
ger. A sudden lurch of the vessel caused
I him to stop back several steps in an ef
i fort to gain his balance. He struck the
rail and to], pied over it into the sea. Mr.
| Merrill at once sprang for the lifebuoy
! and threw it over to the struggling man,
who was fast being left astern. Captain
Hubbard was at the wheel at the time
I and at "once brought the vessel to and or
• dered the small boat to be lowered.
A diligent search was kept up for over
an hour by the men in the boat, who were
' in imminent danger of losing their lives
owing to the heavy sea. Nothing was
found but the lifebuoy, and the boat final
ly returned to- the ship.
It is thought that Mr. Lowman was un
able to swim, as the buoy thrown by Mr.
' Merrill struck within a few feet of him.
He was about 40 years of age, unmarried,
| and resided at Los Angeles.
■ ♦ »
I MARBLE-CUTTERS PROTEST.
Appoint a Committee to Meet the
Bosses To-Day.
The striking marble cutters and polish
ers were present in large numbers at the
special meeting of the union held last
night. In addition to the dissatisfied
i workmen there were also present P. 11.
McCarthy, president of the Builders and
Trades Council, and Harry Saunders, who
' came to .take part in the proceedings.
; The ill feeling of the members present,
and there were over 100, seemed to be di
! rected against Manager Hawley of the
Vermont Marble Company, who they
claim is responsible for the strike. After
considerable discussion a committee wan
appointed to wail on the bosses and ex
plain to them their views of the injus
tice of the proposed new scale of wages.
President McCarthy and Saunders, from
i the Builders end Trades Council, with
President Allen of the Marble-Cutters'
Union, with the committee, will wait on
Hawley and Ruffino some time to-day.
; Another meeting of the union will be held
to-night to receive the report of this com
mittee.
■ ♦ ■
MB. MORELAND'S SUCCESSOR. j
! Rev. David Claiborne Garrett of
Portland Will Fill St.
: 0J; Luke's Pulpit.
Rev. David Claiborne Garrett of St.
: Mark's Church, Portland, Or., has ac
j cepted the pulpit of St. .Luke's Church
In this city, vacated by the elevation of
! Rev. TV. H.'Moreland to the bishopric
i of Sacramento.
. Mr.' Garrett was born in Burlington,
I lowa, December 23, 1850. He was edu
cated in the public schools of Burlington
and in.Griswdld College, Davenport. He
afterward went to Harvard University,
where he received the degree of A. B. in
1592. His first . pastorage was Trinity
Church of Davenport, where he built lip
the parish from a small congregation to
a large and flourlsh-ng church, clearing
off all indebtedness, erecting a rectory
[ and doubling the number of CQimnuni
-1 cants.
In 1890 Mr. Garrett received a call to'
St Mark's Church. Seattle, a newly or
ganized parish. After visiting the field
THE SATS FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1899.
he felt it his duty to accept and there
repeated the experience of the seven
years of his- rectorship in Davenport.
Within a year the church was enlarged
three times and a handsome rectory
built. Mr: Garrett remained through all
the hard times, declining numerous calls
to higher parishes. •
After three years he was called to go
back to his old parish in Davenport, and
also in Christ's Cathedral, New Orleans.
In 1896 he was elected rector of Trinity
Church, Portland, but felt obliged to de
cline that. The next spring through his
efforts the handsome new St.. Mark
Church was erected. Then Trinity Church
of Portland sent a second call and Mr.
Garrett, considering his work in Seattle
completed, went to Portland.
' During his rectorship in Portland the
congregation increased to such an extent
that the vestry is now planning to put
pews in the gallery. It was largely
through his influence that a debt of $40,000
has been virtually raised by the sale of
bonds to the church members. Mr. Gar
rett was married in 1883 to Miss Lily
Selmes of Boston and has three children.
BOYfe ON A TROLLEY BIDE.
| St, Patrick's Committee to Give the
Youths' Directory an Outing.
Fifty boys from the Youths' Directory
; will be given a trdlley party to-night by
the St. Patrick's day committee. * The
j proceeds of the celebration to be held on
; March 17 will be devoted to the Youths'
I Directory, and the cars on which' the
| boys are to take .the ride to-night will ad
vertise the celebration.
The arrangements for the trolley ride
are in the hands of P. J. McCormlck and
everything has been done to make the
outing for the boys a grand success. Two
cars nave been chartered and these .will
be elaborately decorated with flowers,
bunting and different colored lights. The
Hebrew Orphan Asylum band will accom
pany the party and a number of promi
nent citizens will be guests on the ride.
At 7 o'clock sharp the cars will start
from Twenty-ninth and Mission streets.
A round trip will be made on the Mission
street line, then the cars will be taken
down Kearnv street to the Ferry, 1- rom
there the cars will go over the Protrero
street branch, the Bryant and Folsom
, street lines and out Mission street to In-
I gleside. _____________________
— -
LEAF TOBACCO TAX
FULLY EXPLAINED
INTEBNAL BEVENUE COMMIS-
SIONEB'S BULING.
Dealers Have No Excuse for Disre
garding the Law and It Will
Be Enforced.
On February 20 Collector John C. Lynch
prepared a very full statement of the con
dition of the trade In leaf tobacco and
forwarded It to the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue,- requesting answers to the
different questions that seemed in doubt.
In answer to this letter the Commissioner
has given full information as follows:
Dealers in leaf tobacco will not be permitted
| to sell leaf tobacco In quantities less than a
i hogshead, case or bale. Neither will they be
permitted to sell directly" to consumers, and
they will be required to confine their sales to
! three classes of purchasers, namely:
First— To other registered dealers in leaf to
hacco. •_*■■"; _
Second— To duly registered manufacturers of
: tobacco, snuff or cigars.
!* Third— persons who purchase leaf tobacco
! in packages for export:
Dealers in leaf tobacco selling to other per
sons or in any manner than - as above
will be regarded as manufacturers of tobacco,
1 and all tobacco so sold by them will be re
' garded as manufactured tobacco and liable for
the tax of 12 cents per pound. .
-v qualified manufacturer of tobacco has the
rignt to sell leaf tobacco to other manufac
! turers of tobacco or clears in quantities less
! than a hogshead, case or bale. ,__._.
Dealers in leaf tobacco have the ri_nt_ to
qualify as manufacturers of tobacco, but
' should keep their business as leaf dealers
I separated from that as manufacturers.
Leaf tobacco sold by a manufacturer of to
bacco directly to consumers or to persons
other than duly registered manufacturers of
; tobacco or cigars is regarded to be a manufac
turer of tobacco subject to tax.
The Commissioner further says that the
permits required for retaining leaf to
bacco may be given at the end of the
month for all tobacco sold during the
month, but this is to be done under su
pervision of the Collector and must be
verified by a deputy. Finally, the Com
missioner adds that his "office notes with
satisfaction that you state there la no re
tailing done In your district in the sense
of direct sales from leaf -dealers to con
sumers." This is a' point on which the
Revenue Department will strictly enforce
the law. These decisions are given by
Hon George W. Wilson.' the newly ap
pointed Commissioner of Internal Reve
nue Mr. Wilson has been connected with
the' Revenue Department for many years
and Is thoroughly conversant with the
whole body of the revenue laws and
equally with the requirements of the
trades that these laws affect. Collector
Lynch and Revenue Agent Thomas be
lieve that the trade is sufficiently pro
tected by these rulings, and that the leaf
dealers especially have every cause -to be
grateful to the department for the very
liberal construction put upon the act of
August 28. 1804. which, If taken literally.
absolutely prohibits the sale of any small
quantity of leaf tobacco.
LIFE-SAVING STATION
FOR POINT BOMTA
BIDS WILL BE OPENED ON NEXT.
TUESDAY.
The Necessity for Such a Station Has
* at Last Been Made Obvious.
Work Will Begin
Soon.
Bids for the construction of the life
saving station at Point Bonlta will be
opened at the office of the general super
intendent of the Life-saving Service,
Treasury Department, Washington, D. C,
at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of March 14.
The construction of a life-saving sta
tion at this point will . provide a long
needed protection . to ships in .distress.
Marine men for years have looked upon
this promontory as dangerous, and com
plaint after complaint has been sent to
Washington without effect until recently.
The specifications call for a two-story
building of brick for the accommodation
of the keeper and crew; also a lookout
tower, an inside boathouse, an outside
boathouse, an outbuilding for storage and
a flagstaff and a drillpole. The inside
boathouse will he located near the point
on the Golden Gate side, and the lookout
on the old lighthouse site. The dwelling
Is to be on the coast about 500 yards from
the inner boathouse. The outside boat
house will be located on the north side.
A number of local contractors have for
warded bids.
A NEW FERRY LINE.
Oakland Syndicate to Build it With-
out the Santa Fe's Aid.
I The Oakland Consolidated Street Rail-
I road Companies have perfected plans to
operate a ferry service, between this city,
Oakland,. Berkeley and Alameda. Al
though the corporation will not have
the support of the Santa Fe
lbie nor of the English capital
ists who were expected to go into the
deal, ' Millionaire Smith, who is at the
head* of the proposed service, is said to
have secured enough money to put it in
operation in connection with the local
lines of the four cities. This will neces
sitate the building of three ferry boats
and the changing of the electric road
cars to passenger coaches.
Large property-owners on the other
side of the bay are dissatisfied with the
new arrangement inaugurated at the
mole by the Southern Pacific Company. It
is the general opinion that the system is
calculated to injure traffic with the sub
urban towns by reason, of the discom
forts attached to travel over the regular
routes. . - ' - xVo-:";;,:
Advises Against a Gas Plant.
Fire Marshal' Charles Towe reported ad
versely to the Supervisors yesterday on
the application of a patent medicine com
pany to erect an acetylene gas plant on
Van Ness avenue. He objected to the
storing of thousands of gallons of alcohol
and other chemicals In the midst of a fine
residence district. For the safety of life
and property he advised against granting
the request. .;"""-•
■ ♦ ■
Good upright for $150, at : Mauvals',
769 Market street . ■■■■; • '
LEASES THE PANDE
BASIN GOLD BEDS
Syndicate's Big Deal in
. Alaska.
ACQUIRES PLACER GROUND.
PAYS OVEB TWO* AND A HALF
MILLIONS.
From the Beach of a Lake Drained by
a Big Tunnel the Investors
Expect to Extract Vast
Quantities of Gold.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 27.— of
the largest and most unique mining
deals ever made in any country has re
cently been completed in connection
! with Pande basin, near Sitka. The
j parties to the transaction are the Pande
; Basin Gold Placer Company and Fred
! crick P. Voorhees, who is said to rep
; resent a New York syndicate of $20,
--j 000.000.
The property of the company has
been leased to Mr. Voorhees "for the
term of five years at and for the fixed
and certain rent of $2,650,000," to be
' payable in installments every three
j months. Twenty thousand dollars has
i already been paid; the first payment of
! $60,500 is due on June 30 next, and the
j second of $50,000 on September 1 next.
| After that each quarterly installment
| will be $132,500.
The output of the mines in excess of
I $500,000 for each, six months is to be di
' vided equally between the parties to
i the lease. All buildings, plant, tools,
. ' machinery and supplies used by the
i ! lessee shall belong to the lessor at the
• expiration of the lease without any pay
i ! ment therefor". • The properties are
placer and quartz.-
Maurice L. Muhleman, who was In
the sub-treasury in New York under
Sub-Treasury . Agent Jordan during
j Cleveland's second term. is president of i
; the Pande Basin Gold Placer Company
and H. S. Martin secretary. Benjamin
P. Moore, formerly Collector of Cus
! Toms for Alaska, and General H. I.
"Willey,. formerly Surveyor General of
i California, are among the leading
stockholders of the company and pro
: motors of the lease. General Willey is
now in California, having left Sitka for
j the south several weeks ago.
In Pande basin is a lake out of which,
j early last January, was drained sixty
one feet of water through a tunnel in
! order to leave exposed gold-bearing
• sand on the beach. This was quite an
! engineering feat. A full description of
it was published in The Call on Janu-
I ary 13. A mining expert named Turner
1 of New York, from assays made from
» sand taken out of twenty-six holes dug
in the shore around the lake, reported,
I it is said, to the New York syndicate
' represented by Frederick P. Voorhees,
that the sand would yield $83 and some
I cents to the ton and that there was
j then, on. that average, at least $7,000,000
in sight. . - . . :
i Many mining men here are Incredu
lous pver this deal, and the second pay
ment of $60,000 will be a test of the
serious intentions of Mr. Voorhees and
his associates.
The Daisy Belle's Big Yield.
REDDING, Marach 10.— The rich strike
at Furnaceville has induced the location
of two claims adjolnjng the Daisy Belle,
with more to be taken. W. M. Dale, J. H.
.Moore and William Silener, the discov
erers of the Daisy Belle, have tiled in the
Recorder's office a location known as the
North Star quartz mine. A. R. Myers and
M. Soosar have located the Morning Star
quartz mine in the same locality. No
further reports have come in from the
Daisy Belle, but at last accounts the
owners were pounding out over $100 a day
in a hand mortar.
New Date for Walters' Trial.
SUISUN. March 10.— The condition of
Jesse Walters will incapacitate him from
appearing in court on the date originally
set for his trial, which was next Tuesday.
: The effect of the surgical operation per
formed last week to remove the bullet
from Walters' leg will prevent his ap
fiearance in court for several weeks, and
n .consequence a continuance was asked.
Judge Buckles reset the date for Walters'
trial, which will take place on May 10, and
I McKenzle's trial was set for May 23.
Body of a Drowned Man.
SANTA BARBARA, March" The
body of Nicholas Becker was found this
afternoon floating in the water about 200
yards from the end of the wharf. It evi
dently had been In the water two weeks.
Becker was for several months a butcher
in the employ of Sherman & Eland.
» ._
Yolo's Horticultural Commission. \
WOODLAND, March 10.— The Board of
Supervisors have appointed a horticul
tural commission for the county, consist- !
ing of T. D. Morrln;of Rumsey, J. W.
Anderson of Davisville and J. C. Camp- I
bell of Winters.
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
City 'Players Are Looking Forward to
an Interesting Season.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific
Cricket Club, W. Balnaves in the chair,
the following officers were elected for the
coming twelve months: Captain J. Met
calfe, president; R. C. •Medcraft and W.
Balnaves, vice presidents; George Theo
bald, captain; William McDonald, secre- !
tary and treasurer: J. Theobald, Fane
Sewell and J. Myers, members of the ex
ecutive committee. The selection com
mittee consists of George Theobald, Wil
liam McDonald and Charles Coles; T.
Turner is the ground committee: and the
delegates to the California Cricket Asso
ciation are George Theobald and Fane
Sewell. George Theobald and William
McDonald were appointed a committee to
confer with - the representatives of the !
other city clubs with regard to the ground !
to be used for play during the coming |
season. J. H. Harbour, who acted as |
secretary during 1897 and 1898, was '
thanked for his services.
For some seasons past the city cricket
clubs have had the use both of the Web- |
ster street (Alameda) ground and ot I
Freeman's Park at Golden Gate for prac
tice games and matches. But the Golden
Gate ground. not being available this year
all games will he played on the Alameda
ground, which has already been secured
by the Alameda club for the season by
the prepayment of six months' rent. This
ground, however, is only half the size
that It formerly was, the remaining half
having been let off to the proprietors of
Chinese vegetable gardens. ?.-:.: . •
Cohen Will Not Be Disbarred.
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court' has refused to issue a citation or
dering Attorney Alfred A. Cohen to show
cause why he should not be disbarred.
The effort to punish Cohen was made by
William Moir. and grew out of an. old
disagreement over money matters. •
Brewer Memorial Service.
A service in memory of the late Alfred
Lee Brewer, D.D., will be held In the Ca
thedral Mission of the Good Samaritan,
Second and Folsom streets, at 11 o'clock
this - morning. There will be a cele
bration of the holy communion and a ser
mon by the Bishop of California.
uUfLiiß-Uii dsLrnLiiu.
His Family Joins Him in Sincere Praise
of Paine's Celery Compound.
Jf IT
Lon V. Stephens is the first native-
born Governor of Missouri; neighboring
Kentucky has furnished the rest.
As .chief executive of the State of Mis-
souri his policy Is business-like, economi-
cal and progressive.
Governor Stephens frankly and freely
recommends Paine's celery compound.
He has been greatly benefited by it and
whenever there is sickness In his family
Paine's celery compound is the remedy
that Is used.
As a witness to the wonderful ef-
ficacy of this remedy, especially In
spring, the experience of the chief exec-
utive of the State told in the following
letter cannot be slightingly passed over:
Executive Department,
State of Missouri,
Jefferson City, Feb. 8, 1899.
Gentlemen:
I have used Paine's celery compound,
keep It In. my house, for family use, and
find It a splendid remedy. Very respect-
fully yours, r LON V. STEPHENS.
Why is Paine's celery compound to-day
the most successful spring remedy in the
world? 
It is so wonderfully successful simply
POET OF THE SIERRAS
VISITS WASHINGTON
Grieves Over the Fact That His Old
Cabin Has Become a
Ruin.
WASHINGTON. March Joaquin
Miller. California's eccentric poet, who
sought notoriety when he lived here by
living in a tree, is revisiting the scenes of
bis former abiding place after an absence
of nearly thirteen years.
"I find many changes in Washington,"
said he, "but the greatest and most dis
graceful change is that which has taken
place in Meridian Hill. Now, when I lived
on that hill It was a magnificent place. I
built my cabin there because it was the
highest point In Washington, and now
they have destroyed it. Had I known that
hill was mutilated I would have kept
away from Washington. -My old' cabin,
where I spent three happy years, is now
a ruin. It looks like a bird's nest beside
former Representative Henderson s cas
tle Captain Dubois, who is now stationed'
at the- White House, has purchased, my
cabin for $5100 and it Is falling into decay.
One of the last things I remember while
I occupied the cabin was Senator John A.
Logan coming over to borrow my saw,
which he wished to use in making a book-
° Miller will lecture here soon. He says
he will then go to the Philippines.
SENATOR JONES' ILLNESS.
The Arkansas Statesman Suffers a
Temporary Setback.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Senator
! James K. Jones of Arkansas, who has
j been ill for some time, suffered a set
' back to-day. During the afternoon he
I was attacked by a paroxysm incident to
j the angina pectoris, which, while not
so severe as former ones, appeared to
be more stubborn in yielding to treat-,
ment. The physicians, however,, suc
ceeded in relieving their patient and
I to-night his condition is reported more
j favorable. ■
Mare Island's New Drydock.
VALLEJO, March Within the next
two weeks the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, will issue advertisements calling
for bids for the construction of the new
drydock at Mare Island. The new dock
will be built of timber, and several local
firms contemplate bidding for the work.
The dock will be located south of the one
now in use. at the navy yard, and will
be large enough to accommodate the larg
est ships afloat. _ ./>■?_>-
Locomotive Boiler Explodes.
DENVER. Colo., March 11.— A Denver
and Rio • Grande engine blew up at the
crossing of the Rio Grande and Santa Fe
tracks south of town about midnight. En
gineer White and Fireman Harvey Payne
were badly scalded. The head brakeman,
because it accomplishes in every instance
exactly what is claimed for it.
And of what other remedy can that be
said ?
Every form of nervous trouble, wheth-
er localized In the muscles,- heart,
brain, or in the nerves themselves, is
cured to stay cured— by Paine's celery
compound. Every kind and degree of im-
poverishment of the system is overcome
by this greatest of all invigorators after
other remedies have shown no beneficial
effect.
It is the spring remedy vouched for by
physicians, teachers and well read,- well
informed men and women in every part
of the country.
People are everywhere dying of exhaust-
ed nervous energy or dragging out their
lives in pain and discomfort because of
sleeplessness, nervousness and fagged-out
brains! The objective point of Paine's
celery compound .in successfully curing
such nervous troubles is to feed the"
nerves, build up^-he wasted brain parts,
nourish the tissues and increase the con-
structive capacity of the blood. Health
and renewed life to. all the nervous tis-
sues thus takes the place of the lethargy
and the debility of disease, when Paine's
whose name cannot now be learned, was
seriously hurt. The engine was pulling a
stock train and slipped off the track. It
is thought the explosion was caused by
the jar.
Water Famine Imminent.
VALLEJO. March Several towns
throughout Solano County are threatened
with a water famine. The springs sup
plying Suisun are now dangerously low.-
The Trustees of Suisun at their last regu
lar meeting ordered notices posted for
bidding the use of water for any but
domestic purposes. Dixon, Benicia and
Valli are also short of their regular
supply.
Dies in New Mexico.
WOODLAND. March 10.— A telegram
has been received from Raton, New- Mex
ico, announcing the sudden death of Har
ry Smith, late a resident of this city. He
went .to New Mexico a few months ago
to engage In the mining business. The
body will be. brought to Woodland for
burial. The deceased leaves a widow and
a 16-year-old daughter. He married a
daughter of the late Hon. C. B. Culver.
The Fox Sails Southward.
PORTLAND, Or., March 10.— torpedo
boat" Fox, which was constructed in this
city, left to-day for Mare island navy
yard, where it will be turned over to the
United States Government.
Rivals Blocking Chinese Grabs.
LONDON. March 11.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times says: In retalia
tion for blocking the extension of the
French concession at Shanghai, the
Office: S. W. Cor. Post and Powell Streets, Telephone
Opposite Union Square. Main 5713.
Pierce- Rodolph
Responsible Firm. £* j_ y"V
L___j_ates Storage Co.
Storage, Moving,
Packing, Shipping.
Fireproof Warehouses. Covered Vans.
Lowest Rates— Packing and Shipping.
celery compound Is employed.
No one will need to be told that Paine's
celery compound does Its best work now
as spring comes on. These early spring
days encourage ' getting well. Nervous
diseases are less stubborn and . debility
yields more quickly now than at any
other time. ••'"■■"• *''■"=■ -
It will astonish every one who knows
Paine's celery compound .only by hear-
say to try it now and to see the change
from a yellow, sallow complexion to a
fresh, healthy color; headaches will
wholly cease; sleep will refresh and the
mind grow clear. By means of this great
modern remedy the liver that has been
sluggish all winter becomes active, and
bilious attacks and the poisonous head-
aches and the diseases akin to rheuma-
tism, which are its result, are cut short.
If it were possible to make a house-to-
house canvass of families -where Paine's
celery compound is being used during
these early spring days, an overwhelm-
ing amount of evidence would appear
showing the implicit confidence that is
placed in this greatest of all. spring rem-
edies; and the enormous number of peo-
ple who are being cured of some form of
nervous' troubles, sleeplessness, Indiges-
tion, headaches, neuralgia, heart troubles
or a general "run-down condition.
French and Russian Ministers instructed
their Consuls to block the extension of
the Cosmopolitan settlement. China,
therefore, refuses to extend the latter on
the ground that the Consuls are not unan
imous.. ■ . ' ..-'-: •:-"-.;,'
Awarded Heavy Damages.
VENTURA, March 10.— jury in the
case of Green vs. the Southern Pacific
Company returned a verdict to-day
awarding the plaintiff damages in the
sum of $9000. The plaintiff is 'the. widow
of Green, who was killed by a Southern
Pacific train near Santa Paula several
month - ago. /;;-v
Death at Woodland.
WOODLAND, March George J.
O'Connor, one of the leading business men
of Woodland, died at 3 o'clock this morn
ing. He was a native of Paris, and a
son of an old-time and wealthy merchant
of San Francisco. . The funeral will oc
cur on Sunday at 2 o'clock-
Will Be Monterey's Guests.
SANTA BARBARA. March 10.— Dr.
Seward Webb, president of the Wagner
Palace Car Company, and Frederick W.
Vanderbilfwill have here Saturday noon
on their special train for Monterey. They
expect to spend nearly a month more in
the State. ■:-.'.-'■ •'.,- ' '
Mrs. Van Alstine Jailed.
SEATTLE. March 10.— Mrs. Lou Van
Alstine and her sister. Emma Norton, were
committed to jail to-day for contempt of
court for refusing to pay into court $30,
--000, of which Judge Moore decided Mrs.
Van Alstine had defrauded her former
husband, Con Van Alstine.
34
DR. KARTELL'S
SLAYER CAUGHT
George LaymanceTaken
in Arkansas.
BETRAYED THROUGH HIS PEN
WROTE A LETTER TO A PERSON
IN OAKLAND.
Sonoma County's Sheriff, After a
Long Chase, Runs Down
the Healdsburg Mur
derer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 10.— The long
search of Sheriff Frank P. Grace for
George Laymance, who last December
murdered Dr. Kartell at Healdsburg,
has ended. Grace telegraphed to the
Sheriffs office here this afternoon from
Missouri that he had captured his man*
and would arrive with him next week.
The telegram was as follows: '..':,
NORTH SPRINGFIELD, Mo., March 10.
To J. S. Austin, Under Sheriff, Santa
Rosa, Cal.: Arrested Laymance thirty
miles south of Fort Smith hint night on
line between Arkansas and Indian Terri
tory- Will be home in eight days. ■
FRANK P. GRACE. .
The crime for which Laymance must
answer was committed before Sheriff
Grace's term of office commenced. Lay
mance had been drinking and upon
coming out of a saloon in Healdsburg
was met by his wife, who- implored him
to come home. Laymance at once be
gan to abuse her, and, according- to
statements made by witnesses, at
tempted to strike her. Dr. Kartell, a
retired German physician, remonstrated
and Laymance whipped out a «kiiife and
disemboweled him on the spot. Lay
mance then disappeared. Kartell, after
lingering in agony for almost two
weeks, passed away.
Kartell's death occurred only a few
days after Sheriff Grace's term com
menced. Grace and his deputies at
once began a search for the murderer.
Two weeks ago a letter in Laymance's
handwriting was received at the Post
office in Oakland, and by a rare piece
of luck was recognized. The letter had
been posted at a .ail tow in Arkan
sas. Grace was notified and at once
set out in another effort to find the
man. Arriving in the Arkansas town
he found Laymance gone, but* the fugi
tive had left a clew and after chasing
him for over a week through all kinds
of country he located him late last
night and placed him under arrest.
MRS. SPRING ASKS
FOR HEAVY ALIMONY
SAN JOSE. March 10.— suit of Mrs.
Emily Spring for a divorce from H. M. N.
Spring, the merchant, came up before
Judge Lorigan to-day on the question of j
an allowance of alimony. Society is deep
ly interested In the suit, as the principals i
are social lights. Spectators were denied \
the privilege of hearing the proceedings, i
however, as the court on motion of the I
defendant's attorney ordered the doors j
closed and outsiders excluded.
In her complaint Mrs. Spring asked for j
$400 a month alimony for the support of
herself and three children. Mrs. Spring
testified that her husband allowed her
J4oo a month while keeping house here.
Out of this she paid all hills. She was <
willing to take 800 a month until the suit !
was settled. Spring's attorney offered
$100 M month. This sum was not accepted i
and the court took the matter under ad- ;
visement, i Mrs. Spring told- her husband \
she was determined to have possession of i
the children and would spend her last cent
to accomplish this. She admitted having
it fortune of her own. enumerating among
her possessions an interest in the Gilroy
Hot Springs, the Williams Hotel at Gil
roy,' me lots in this city, and several
thousand acres of timber land in Mendo
cino County. The divorce will be stub
bornly foug"ht by both sides.
JOCKEY TROXLER IS
RULED OFF THE TURF
NEW ORLEANS, March 10.— The stew
ards announced this evening their decis
ion in the Troxler case of deliberate foul
committed in the Lexington stakes on
Wednesday, when Jockey Troxler reached
over and caught the bridle of Frank Re- !
gan's colt. Alex, the favorite' in the race. I
Troxler is ruled off the turf, and his
brother, valet and manager, John Trox
ler, is suspended from all privileges in
definitely. Jockey Songer, who rode sev
eral bad looking races to-day, has been
notified he will not be allowed to ride I
here in the future. The weather was
fine and the track fast. Results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling—Coving
ton Kv. won, Clenmoyne second. Tom Toher
third. Time, 1:81%:
Second race, Fix and a half furlongs— Colonel
Cassidy won. Bondman .second. Clara Meade
third. Time, l:23tt-
Third race, mile and three-sixteenths— Judge
Steadman won, Donation second, Dutton third.
Time. 2:04.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth
Cherry Leaf won, Lady Callahan second, Bara
taria third. Time. I:4S<..
Fifth race, Felling, fix furlongs— John Boone
won. Cotton Plant second, Nemo third. Time,
1:14%;
Sixth race, selling^ six furlongs— Hour
won. Cherry' Bounce I second; Brother Fred
third. Time, 1:18.
A CHINESE OPIUM
SMUGGLER CONFESSES
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, March 10.—
Another scheme for smuggling opium Into
the prison was nipped ln the bud by War
den Hale yesterday. The plot was dis
covered through the confession of a Chi
nese who used "dope" consigned to other
prisoners and consequently ' got into
trouble.
Ah Pue is a Chinese convict who does ]
the housework for Secretary Joseph El- |
lis. Forsome time he has acted as the' ■
medium between the users of the drug
and the "outside men." The opium would
be cached at night in the rear of Ellis' !
house and Pue would send it into the
prison wrapped ifi. soiled linen Intended
for the laundry.
Of late the wily Chinese has been in the
habit of using the opium himself. For
this a convict named Williams; serving
five years for a burglary committed in
San Francisco, threatened to kill Ah Pue.
The Mongolian became frightened and
finally confessed to Warden Hale that he
had been smuggling the contraband ar
ticle Into the prison. Williams at first
denied the charge, but at length admitted
his guilt and was thrown into the dun
geon to await the action of the Board of j
State Prison Directors to-morrow.
Pears'
Pears' soap is
dried a whole
year. That's
why it lasts so.
GERMAN CONSUL
ROSE DEFENDS HIS
ACTION AT APIA
Attributes the Trouble to the
Attitude of British and
Americans.
BERLIN, March 10.— The Reichzanger
published a series of . official dispatches
from Samoa, Herr Rose, the German
Consul, in his report of .the events prior
to January 4, dated January 23, says the
decision of Chief Justice Chambers in fa
vor of Malietoa Tanu was- bound to have
a stupefying effect, inasmuch as in a
written statement dated October 5, 1595,
Mr. Chambers declared there was no
ground for contesting Mataafa's assump
tion of the sovereignty if he were 'elected
King. During the course of the discus
sion prior to the outbreak respecting the
measures to be adopted to assure public
security, Mr. Maxse, the British Consul,
and Captain Sturdee.ofthe British cruiser
Porpoise, are reported to have intimated
their intention to forcibly prevent any ad
vance of the Mataafans and -to actively
protect the Tanuites. While' the Germans
only announced such military j measures
as were prompted by the necessity to
protect the lives and property of the
whites, the British guards stationed a
Mr. Chambers' residence would, owing to
the locality, have been drawn directly
into conflict with the natives.
Herr Rose then relates how he rode on
the afternoon of January 1 to the Tivoli j
Hotel in order, like many whites, to
watch, events, and how on his way there
he had to traverse a body of Mataafans,
to whom, however, he did not speak.
Shortly after 4 o'clock, the German Con
sul .continues, he rode with Lieutenant
Krelinghaus of the German- warship Falke
to Songi and home again. Thus, the Con
sul concludes, Mr. Chambers' accusation
that, he rode at the head of a troop of.
Mataafans' at 4:30, when they attacked
the Tivoli Hotel, is "pure invention," as
proved by the written testimony of Lieu- j
tenant Freiinghaus'. The Consul adds
that the first two. shots were tired by the
Malietoans.
Recounting the establishment of the
Provisional Government Herr Rose says
Dr. Raffel, the German president of the
municipal government at Apia, by his ac
tivity, soon won universal approval,, and
quotes the thanks he received from the
British Cousul and the captain of the
Porpoise. Thus, the Cons_il continues,
! the provisional Government was already
j an accomplished fact on January 3.
Relating to the attitude of the warships
the Consul says Dr. Raffel took measures
: for the protection of the British mission,
and he concludes by declaring Mataafa,
; did not take part in the fighting. More
over, he points out, he was recognized on
the English side by a letter published in
the Apia newspapers. According to Con
sul Rose Mataafa was not responsible for
the war, but up to the last endeavored to
prevent it.
In another report Herr Rose describes
the events between January 4 and 9. He
says Dr. Raffel closed the Supreme Court
on January 9 because he thought Mr.
Chambers was precluded by law from ex
ercising the functions of Chief Justice as
long as. the Government was' installed
contrary to his decision and- he remained
In office. After opposing Mr. Maxse's
views that Dr. Raff el's action was an in
sult to the British Hag, Herr Rose de
scribes the forcible opening .of the . Su
preme Court on January 7 by Mr. Cham
bers and Mr. Maxse, while the latter
threatened the bombardment of Apia and
j the Porpoise trained her guns on the Su
preme-Court. Continuing, Herr Rose
i says that at the time of the compulsory
reopening of the Supreme Court he- re
frained from applying to the captain of
1 the Falk.; to protect Dr. Raffel, because
: he did not wish that "armed detachment
SOMETHING ABOUT
OUR LITTLE ISLE
Trade and the Products
of Guam.
EIGHT STORES AT AGANA
OF THESE THE JAPANESE IS
THE BEST.
One Run by an American Is More
Pretentious, but Its Stock
of Goods Is Very
Inferior.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The Navy
Department has received a dispatch
from a naval officer connected with the
Bennington regarding conditions in the
island of Guam. The report is from
San Luis d'Apra and describes the con-*
ditions at Agana. At this latter place,
he says, there are eight so-called stores,
besides smail wretched huts where na
tive aguardiente is sold. It is made out
of. fermented cocoanut milk.
The stores are classed: First, Manila;
second, Japanese; third, Chinese;
fourth, Chimarro (native), and fifth,
American. There are three of the Ma
nila stores where there are sold ready*
: made articles of apparel, notions in
1 general demand and canned goods of
: poor quality, but expensive. There are
also poor cigars made of • native to
j bacco. The Japanese store is one of
I the best, carrying the same class of
: goods', with some additions. It has
| eggs and bread, the latter baked every
i other day and of a poor quality. The
Chinese store is "very poor. The native
store has a supply of native coffee of
fair quality and excellent chocolate,
also cotton goods.
i The American store is more preten
tious, but inferior to the Japanese. It
carries a large supply of canned goods,
clothes, notions and shoes and furni
ture.
Flour is difficult to obtain. Butter and
lard are not good, owing to the warm
climate.
- Chickens and eggs are plentiful. The
beef is poor and no sheep are raised
inland. There are plenty of pigs. Yams,
sweet potatoes' and corn are'abundant.
. Bananas, cocoanuts and bread fruit
are the chief sources of food of the na
tives. There is little fishing, fairly
good clams and a very small oyster of.
sweet taste. There are plenty of deer,
goats, wild turkeys, ducks and. other
game. _____________________
DEWEY TO DESIGN
HIS OWN UNIFORM
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Admiral
Dewey has been instructed to prescribe
his own uniform for the exalted rank
to which ha has just been appointed,
although it is not believed he has given
much attention to the matter of uni
form of late. His flag is blue with four
stars set in the shape of a diamond.
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, -MARCH 11. 1899.
of two friendly states should confront
one another for so slight a cause."
Herr Rose next discussed Mr. Cham
bers' proclamation of January 7, declar
ing the Supreme Court to.be independent
of the existence of any provisional gov
ernment and the communication between
United' 'States Consul Osborne and Mr.
Maxse, declaring Mr. Chambers to be the
sole lawful Chief Justice, even during the
existence of the provisional government.
Mr. Rose continues: ,
When, after consultation with the three Con
suls and Dr. Raffel, the commanders of the two
warships decided to establish a provisional gov
ernment with Dr. Raffel as the head executive.
Captain Sturdee and Mr. Maxse were so im
pressed with the great services rendered to the
English by the guard at the mission on Janu
ary 3, through the energetic intervention of Dr.
Raffel, that they overwhelmed him with praise
and were ready to meet his views .in every way.
Owing to urgent official business in which Dr.
Raffel was engaged, his signature to the
'proclamation relating to the provisional govern
ment was postponed until January 4. when
Dr. Raffel, on January 4, ln accordance with
the arrangement, submitted the draft, Mr.
Maxse, who admitted that he had changed his
opinion, demanded the Insertion of a clause
relating to the general act of the Berlin treaty.
At the suggestion of Mr. Osborne the clause
was formulated as follows:
"By no provision of the proclamation shall
the rights and privileges of the treaty power
representatives be changed or suspended.
Thereupon Mr. Mr. Osborne the clause
formulated as follows:
ly no provision of the proclamation shall
rights and privileges of the treaty power
esentatives be changed or suspended."
hereupon Mr. Rose remarks:
In my opinion It Was a distortion of the
sense of these words to assert that Mr. Cham
bers' position by virtue of the proclamation
remained unaffected by the recent upheaval.
A third report from Herr Rose, dated
January 25, refers to the Grevesmuhl case
and describes how on January 25 Greves^
muhl. a German subject, was sentenced
to a fine and imprisonment by Chief Jus
tice Chambers. The sentence of impris
onment became -ffectiVe forthwith and
Dr. Raffel, "as representative Chief Jus
tice" and by the advice of Herr Rosa,
nt became Effective forthwith and
Itaffel, "as representative Chief Jus
" and by the advice of Herr Rose,
quashed the imprisonment on the ground
of irregularity and brought Grevesmuhl
to the German consulate ' "as the sole
competent legal authority."
The German Consul opened the proceed
ings against Grevesmuhl on January 20
and on the same day, "considering the
Chief Justice's interference with the jur
isdiction of a Consul to be a noteworthy
circumstance and interesting to all th„
Consuls," he invited his colleagues to a
conference, but they declined to attend.
On January 21 Grevesmuhl was sen
tenced to pay a fine of 600 marks and the
money was paid the same day.
PEACEFUL MISSION
OF THE PHILADELPHIA
WASHINGTON, March 10.— It is de
nied positively at the State Department
that Rear Admiral Kautz has gone to
Samoa on the Philadelphia to restore
the statu quo existing before the last
emeute, to depose Mataafa and restore
Malietoa Tanu, even if force is neces
sary to accomplish these objects. It is
said the admiral has gone to Samoa to
meet the treaty obligation that is im
posed upon the United States to send
a warship there at least occasionally as
an evidence of the interest held by the
United States in ' the islands. While
there he will make a careful examina
tion of the conditions in the islands and
look Into the events up to the installa
tion of the provisional government, re
porting all the facts to Washington.
His uniform, under former regulations,
when the navy had an admiral, wpuld
be four stars on his shoulder straps,
,the end stars being upon an anchor.
Upon his shoulders he would wear two
very broad bands -of gold, between
which would be a band of yellow half
the width of the outside bands. The
yellow on his sleeves would extend
nearly to the elbow. By a special act of
Congress passed in the closing hours
Admiral Dewey will receive the pay of
the last general of the army.
FEW PROMOTIONS
FOR VALIANT SERVICE
"WASHINGTON, March Applications
for army appointments continue to pour
into the White House, from which they
are forwarded to the War Department.
It is a fact that more than 20,000 applica
tions have been, received for the 101 places
to be filled. > -.
Senator Warren said this morning he
thought the President would yet be com
pelled to use some of the 35,01*0 additional
troops authorized by Congress. Wyoming
is entitled to only one of the lieutenants
to be appointed, and the Senator desires
to give this to a sergeant serving in the
Wyoming regiment at Manila. He thought
merit, bravery and service in the army
should be recognized by promotions.
The comment is frequently made that
among the many promotions to the line
as the outgrowth of the war with Spain
few went to privates and non-commis
sioned officers who distinguished them
selves. New men have received the com
missions in nearly every instance. Prac
tically all the Influence now being exerted
is for the benefit of sons, nephews and
friends of Senators.
TORPEDO THAT CAN BE
STEERED FROM SHORE
LONDON, March 11.— The Daily Chron
icle this morning has an interview with
Orllng, the Swedish inventor, who recent
ly arrived here to test a new torpedo
which he claims he can steer from the
shore or from a vessel without any con
nection, on some new principle of light
transmission and electrical Induction sim
ilar to X rays. He says he can dispatch
the torpedo at the rate of twenty-two
knots and control it for a distance of six
miles— possibly more— well as bring it
back. His invention, he alleges, will con
trol the movement of a steamer equally
well and render wires for telephones su
perfluous. • ;--/ .:
Orling. who Is a native of Stockholm,
has traveled and studied in America.
ENTOMBED ALIVE.-
DAVISVILLE, March 10.— A. E. Larke,
a tinsmith and well-borer, while sinking
tubing in the bottom of a 17-foot well on
the ranch of Mrs. C. E. Greene was
killed this afternoon by caving earth.
He was burled under three feet of earth,
and his cries for help could be heard
for five minutes after the accident. An
other man, Frank Noel, who was ip tne
well with Larke, had a narrow escape.
He was burled to the neck and had to be
dug out before the men could reach
Larke. It was twenty minutes before
Larke was reached, and he had expired
from suffocation. The well was a large
one and was not cased. It was to be used
for Irrigation purposes. Larke leaves a
widow and six children.
FROST DOES DAMAGE.
VISALIA, March Last night's frost
ruined the apricot crop. Peaches and
prunes were not injured to any serious
extent.
CHICO, March 10.— Heavy frost here
this morning caused great damage to the
almond, cherry and peach crops. Al
monds were well advanced, but suffered
more than other crops. At 6 a. m. th*.
mercury was down to 29.
Hundreds of Persons Perished.
LONDON, March 11.— According to a
dispatch to the Times from Sydney, N. S.
W., no fewer than 200 persons perished in
the hurricane that just swept the north
east coast of Queensland.
PETER CASTRO
ARRAIGNED IN
HIS HOME TOWN
Angry Men Gather About the
Court, but No Violence
Is Attempted.
SALINAS, March 10.— people of
Castroville were under high tension
from sunrise till dusk- to-day. There
were rumors that attempts would be
made to lynch Peter Castro, the alleged
assailant of Mrs. James L. Douglass,
and counter rumors that friends of the
accused man would try to take the
prisoner from the Sheriff and liberate
him. The cause of all this excitement
was the fact that Castro was taken
from the prison here to Salinas to-day
for his preliminary arraignment. Sheriff
Farley was fearful there would be some
sort of demonstration on the part of
the enraged citizens of the town and
had taken every precaution to guard
his prisoner, but though throughout the
entire day men gathered in knots on
'street corners and about the court
room and angrily discussed the crime
and the punishment that should be
meted to the suspect, the proceedings
were concluded without an outbreak
and the prisoner was returned to the
Salinas jail.
When Castro appeared before Judge
Clark in the town named after his
grandfather he was worried and ill at
ease. Sheriff Farley kept a close watch
over his man and at no time was Castro
allowed to talk with any of his friends.
Castro, when asked if he had a law
yer, replied he did not and that he
needed none. Justice Clark gave him
until to-morrow to get his attorney and
set the preliminary hearing • for that
time.
When it was asserted the prisoner
wanted no attorney the rumor at once
gained currency that he "would confess
and expose the gang -which has so long
terrorized the community. He did not
say anything damaging while In court
to-day, but it is thought he will con
fess soon. His family is anxious that
he ,tell everything about the Douglass
affair and divulge the names of his
accomplices in other crimes, if he is
guilty; but if he is innocent his rela
tives will defend him through the
courts. Mrs. L. Castro, the mother of
Peter, and his brother, William Castro,
of Watsonville, came over from Castro
ville yesterday and remained for some
time with the accused man in his cell.
William Castro said the purpose of
their visit here was to get Peter to con
fess. •-• " .
Peter Castro is the grandson of Man
uel Castro, the -founder of Castroville.
The Castro family at one time owned
27,000 acres of land in one ranch and
PLOTTED TO
MURDER THE.
AMERICANS
Continued from First Page.
Heed" in the most thorough manner, ta
bles being overturned and mirrors broken,
when the officers of the regiment arrived
and quelled the riot, persuading the men
to return to the barracks. The next
chapter in the Caguay affair was the
killing of Burke. The withdrawal of the
regiment to Brooklyn for mustering out
prevented more serious encounters be
i tween the volunteers and the natives.
The troubles at Caguay hwe been dv-
I plicated at almost every place on the Isl
-1 and. At Guayama a soldier was stabbed
in the back by a native the same night
Private Burke was killed.
The conditions at Ponce since the clash
between the soldiers and the native po
lice in which several Porto Ricans were
killed have been bordering on open bat
tle Things are strained to the snapping
point. General Henry's face -took on a
grimness that his troops used to see in
the old days out on the Western plains
as he concluded his remarks about con
ditions in the island.
"I have given them too much rein, he
said. "Now I am going to take in the
slack." ' _
GOMEZ STIRS UP
THE PORTO RICANS
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. March
10.— letter said to have been writ
ten early last month by General Maxi
mo Gomez to Senor Eugenio Hestes.
of this island, and published In La Dis
cusion at Havana, as well as many
American papers. In which the writer
said he would aid the Porto Ricans in
every way possible, and, if necessary,
even by the sword, has been repub
lished here and is having a bad ef
fect on certain classes of Porto Ricans.
KIPLING LEARNS OF
HIS. CHILD'S DEATH
• NEW YORK, March 10.— Kip
ling is still improving," said Mr.
Doubleday to-night.
Mr. Kipling had taken some sweet
breads for supper and had been able to
eat more of solid food than at any time
since he became ill.
Unable to keep Mr. Kipling in ignor
ance of the death of his favorite daugh
ter, Josephine, the news was broken to
him to-night by Dr. Dunham. The blow
was a heavy one, but the* father bore
up bravely. ; ;^_ -
"How long was she ill?" he asked.
He was then told as much as the at
tendants thought wise. Tears stood in
the poet's eyes, and he murmured half
to himself, half aloud, "Poor little Joe."
It was thus he always called the little
one. • '-.>;':
The doctors believe it was best to
break the news, as the worry and dis
trust he seemed to have in all the re
plies given to his queries about the lit
tle one -would probably have been more
harmful than to let him have the truth.
FIRE NEAR EXPLOSIVES.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 10.— With
ten tons of explosives on board, the
steamer Selkirk, which was partly bqrned
at Nanaimo on Wednesday last, crossed
the Gulf of Georgia to Vancouver to-day.
On 4he wav over the flames leaped into
renewed life, and more than Once It was
feared that they would reach the cargo.
The efforts of the crew averted a disas-
STRENGTHENING ESQUIMALT
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 10.— ar
rival to-day of six royal engineers from'
England for Esquimau excited some peo
had much wealth besides. The town was
founded before Salinas and it was the
most prosperous place in this valley for
some time. The Southern Pacific ex
tended its line south," left out Castro
ville and thoroughly established this
place, eight miles away. The wealth of
Castro dwindled, but even yet the heirs
of this old Castilian family retain some
of the original grant. They will let it
all go to save the wayward grandson.
A ripple of excitement was caused to
day when P. W. alias "Buck" Silva re
appeared in Castroville. Silva left on
the morning after the Douglass tragedy
and was last seen in Watsonville. Silva
asserted in his usual boastful . man
ner that he had come back to "face the
music" and if any one wanted him he
would find a warm reception. It is
now believed fact asserted by some
of the vigilance committee that Silva
will turn State's evidence and tell all
he knows. However, he most emphat
ically denies any knowledge of the
Douglass tragedy. Silva to-day said
that he was with Castro part of the
evening at a saloon. He got intoxi
cated and retired in the hotel at about
10 o'clock, as he expected to leave town
the next day. On the next morning
when he awoke he found Castro in the
room and dressed. " Castro said he, too,
wanted to leave town. Silva made the
further' assertion that on the night be
fore when he informed Castro of his
intention to leave Castro said he would
go too. Silva told him he had no spare
money to pay two fares whereupon
Castro exclaimed:
"I'll get the money to-night, you bet."
Each day brings details regarding
other crimes committed by the gang in
the past. Following the attempt to rob
and possibly murder Mrs. Johanna
Daily on January 7, a Chinese cabin
wherein lived several Mongolian farm
ers on the outskirts of Castroville was
broken into and the inmates badly
beaten. This crime was committed by
several men, and it is claimed "Buck"
Silva was the leader. Castro also is
asserted to have been one of the party.
The Chinese offered, great resistance
and succeeded in not only saving them
selves from robbery, but disfigured one
of the assailants.. Two of the Chinese,
were badly battered. "Buck" Silva was
arrested. It is claimed the jury was
"fixed," and he went free.
Even Father Mahoney, the Catholic
priest of that parish, was not exempt
from the depredations of the desper
adoes. The clergyman one night was
aroused by a knock at the door. With
out opening the door he asked what
was wanted. A voice which he believes
he recognized replied that they "wanted
to sing for him." The father grew sus
picious and politely informed his visi
tors he would have no singing at that
late hour.
pie, who did not know that the British
authorities have been strengthening forti
fications in Juan de Fuca Straits for years
past. There is nothing in the report that
it is the Intention of Great Britain, in view
of future complications which may arise
out of the Eastern question, to make
Esquimau one of the strongest stations in
her ' Majesty's possessions. The present
works at Esquimalt are being carried out
in accordance with the decision of the
Imperial Government to have strong fort
resses at either end of Canada— at Esqui
mau and Halifax. -
JOHN BLUNDELL LEIGH
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
NEW YORK, March 10.— special
cable to the Journal from London says:
The first steps have been taken in a di
vorce case that will become famous.
The principal figures In the case are
the young Earl of Cottenham and Lady
Rose Leigh, both of whom are very
prominent in titled society.
Lady Leigh is a daughter of the Mar
; guis of Abergavenny, former president
! of 1 the Carlton Club. She is titled in
I her own name, having been Lady
Neville before her marriage to John
Blundell Leigh. She is a noted beauty.
! The Earl of Cottenham Is 25 years old,
; six feet tall, a master of hounds, un
| married, and much sought after in so
i ciety.
A Scotland Yard detective and Mr.
I Leigh recently followed. Lord Cotten
j ham and Lady Leigh to a hotel close
' to Leicester Square and broke in the
door of their room. The proprietor at-
I tempted to interfere and was thrown
I down two flights of stairs by Mr. Leigh.
The husband then in dramatic fashion
: pulled aside a curtain and revealed the
presence of Lord Cottenham and Lady
| Leigh. Mr. Leigh was prevented wreak,
i ing vengeance on the young Earl, who
; submitted with humiliating weakness
to his exposure.
MRS. CODY WILL NOT
BE SENT TO PRISON
ALBANY, N. V., March 10.— Judge
Gregory announced this afternoon that
he had decided to suspend rentence in
the case of Margaret E. Cody, who was
found guilty by a jury here yesterday
of blackmailing the Gould heirs, ln
announcing his. decision he said:
"Mrs. Cody, the evidence has con
vinced me that you are guilty beyond
question, yet I feel that, in view of the
jury's unanimous recommendation for
mercy and the popular sentiment which
favors it, I am justified in following
their suggestion and suspending sen
tence in your case. You are free to go
on your own recognizance." '*•:?■*--, J
It is understood that the jury's rec
ommendation was on account of the
prisoner's age and for no other reason.
Miss Helen Gould has made no. attempt
to interfere with the court's decision
one way or the other.
Asked if she had anything to say be
fore sentence was passed upon her Mrs.
Cody answered:
"I am innocent, sir." ■•••,"■'_
- She left at 10 o'clock to-night for
Denver, Colo., where her daughter lives.
The latter forwarded the money for
her transportation. * .f'
STOCKTON'S ELECTION.
STOCKTON. March 10.— At a consulta
tion of the City Council to-night it was
decided that the city election should be
held under the primary elections law, and
one will be called for the 4th of next
month accordingly. Stockton will be tho
first city to hold an election under the pro
visions of the new law. Republicans will
elect 104 delegates and Democrats 102 dele
gates to their respective conventions, and
the ballots will he counted* out of the
same box. The city election falls on the
16th of May. ■ . .
Losses in the War.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— follow
ing statement has been Issued showing
the total number of deaths reported to
the adjutant general's office between May
1, 1888, and February 2S. 1599: Killed in
action, 329; died of wounds, 125; died of
disease, 5277; total, 573 L
LEARNING NOW
BEEF IS CANNED
Further Inspection at
Chicago.
ARMY COURT'S INVESTIGATION
CONTINUING THE FARCE AT
THE STOCKYARDS.
Will Test the Meat Packed in Their
Presence to Determine the
Amount of Nutriment
Contained.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 10.— The Court of
Inquiry resumed its work regarding
beef to-day by continuing the investi
gation of processes of preparation at
the stock yards. Several more of the
packing houses were inspected, most of
the time being spent in examining the
methods of one of the companies which
deals exclusively in canned goods. The
various stages from the killing of the
beef to the labeling of the can were
witnessed.
After, having seen an animal killed,
the court followed the carcass to the
refrigerator rooms and from there to
the department where the meat was
cut into pieces for canning. Much in
terest was observed as to the charac
ter of the meat used for canning pur
poses. General Davis was the chief in
quisitor, the other members of the
court being content to simply watch
the various processes. From the cut
ting room the meat .was taken in large
Iron carts to the cooking room, where
it was boiled. Twenty minutes is' the
time allowed for this process, and when
the time had expired, the beef was
taken from the large vats and carted
into the canning room. Dr. Bigelow,
who is • with the court as an expert,
got samples of the extract which re
mained in the vat and will examine' it
to determine the quantity of nutriment
which It contains.
The canning room was next Inspect- S
cd. Here the beef was cut into smaller j
pieces and thrown into a pressing ma- !
chine, through which it passed into the I
cans. The meat was then ready for
the "roasting" process, but as the
ovens were not quite ready,- the court
spent some time in looking over the
departments where the cans are made, j
This was done so that' the court might j
have full knowledge as to the manner j
of getting the cans ready for the beef.
After witnessing the roasting process.
the court left the packing house and
adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock to-mor
row morning.
Three army commissaries have been
summoned to appear, and it is expected j
their testimony will be taken.
SIGAFUS' FORTUNE
TO BE ATTACHED
CHICAGO, March 10.— is likely that
J. M. Sigafus of New York will have to
wait some time before he gets posses
sion of the valise containing $500,000
worth of bonds and certificates of de
posit which was recently stolen from
him at the Polk-street Depot and which
was recovered by the police. The valise
is in the hands of the Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company and was to have been
forwarded to Sigafus. who Is now in
California, but United States Marshal
Osborn has served the express com
pany with notice to he-Id the papers un
til further orders from the Federal
Court.
When creditors of Sigafus in Haver
hill, Mass., who hold a judgment of
$325,000 against him, read of the fund,
they immediately notified their attorneys
to attach the property. The 'judgment
against Sigafus was obtained in Los
Angeles after two years' litigation over
the Good Hope mine, but no property
could be found on execution, although
the creditors claim to have been aware
that Sigafus had a fortune in bonds and
securities.
Assembly Doorkeeper's Death.
SAN RAFAEL, March 10.— William |
Crane, a well-known citizen of this place, j
who was recently obliged to resign his ]
position as doorkeeper of the Assembly i
at Sacramento on account of ill health,
died to-day from a complication of dis
eases. He had long suffered from kidney
trouble and heart disease, and the • end
was hastened by an attack of pneumonia.
The deceased was for a long time steward
of the San Rafael Athletic Club. He
leaves a widow and two little children. j
The funeral will occur -to-morrow at St.
Raphael's Church, and the interment will j
be in Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Passed Many Forged Checks.
SALINAS, March Sheriff Farley of
this county is anxious to capture a forger
whose name is Joseph Lopez, but who ,
travels under many aliases. Lopez halls
from this county, but his operations have
been in other places until quite recently,
when it was found he had forged checks
and passed them in Salinas. One loser is
B. H. Davis, manager of the Southern
Pacific Milling Company in this city.
Lopez, so it appears from letters to the i
Sheriff, is wanted in Tulare, Fresno and
many other towns. He is a Mexican of |
good education and a skillful manipula- i
tor of a pen.
Officials Make Complaint.
SAN RAFAEL, March 10.— The county
officials have been making vigorous com
plaint for some time that the defective
condition of the sewer pipes is fast mak
ing life within the confines of the court
house not only unpleasant but dangerous.
At times the odor on the lower floor of the
building is stifling, and even the Superior
Court room on the upper floor is not free
from the fumes on a warm day. The mat
ter will be drawn to the attention of the
Board of Supervisors at the April session.
Klein's Property Attached.
RAN RAFAEL, March 10.— Chris Klein,
the butcher whose slaughter-house has
given the members of the San Rafael Golf
Club so much trouble, is again on the
legal rack. He was arrested on : one
charge in San Francisco yesterday, and
to-day the personal property he sold to
E. DLvechio and the money .he has In the
bank of A. P. Hotaling & Co. were at
tached by D. E. Besecker of 306 Pine
.street, San Francisco, for a bill of $358 38.
Calaveras Pioneer Gone.
ANGELS CAMP, March 10.— Robert
Deeper died here to-day at the age of 63.
He was one of the pioneers of Calaveras,
where he has had mining interests since
the early days. A son and daughter sur
vive him. .
Glenn County's Vote.
WILLOWS, March o.— Complete returns
from all precincts in Glenn County give
Goad. Democratic candidate for * State
Senator, a majority of 81 over Barker (R >
Our Naval Station at San Juan.
I The rtew . United States naval station to be
located at San Juan, Porto Rico, will be of
! the utmost Importance to this country as the
i key to the situation when the Nicaragua Canal
is constructed. The key to good health la Hos
tetter's- Stomach Bitters. It guards the diges
.tive organs from attacks of indigestion, bil
iousness and constipation, Just the same as the
I new naval station at San Juan will ward off
j attacks upon this country by foreign foes.
TEHAMA COUNTY
SHOOTING AFFRAY
Drunken Debauch Ends
in a Tragedy.
-A
INTOXICATED MEN QUARREL
J. - McGEE FATALLY WOUNDS
HIS STEPSON.
The Affray Occurs While They Are
En Route Home After a pay
Spent in Saloons
in Town.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
RED BLUFF, March Word was
received here from Anderson by tele
phone to-day of a shooting affray
which took place at Manton last night.
Full particulars have not been learned,
as Manton is situated in the mountains
about 35 miles' distant. J. McGee shot
and probably fatally wounded his step
son, named Brown. They were in
town together Thursday, and during
their stay both imbibed liquor freely,
leaving town somewhat intoxicated. It
is presumed .that a quarrel ensued on
the home ' trip and the shooting fol
lowed.
A man from the scene of the affray
walked to Anderson this morning and
telephoned for a doctor and for Sheriff
Bogard, who left for there this after
noon. He probably will return with
his man to-morrow. >
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— Captain
George B. McCallam, commissary of sub
sistence, U. S. V., and Lieutenant Arthur
W. Bradbury. Seventh California Volun
teer Infantry, have been honorably dls-
Ch Acfing Assistant Surgeons H. E. Men
axe at Fort Sam Houston. Texas, and
John T. Halsell, at the same post have
been ordered to Manila for assignment to
The order for honorable discha~r" of
Majors Henry St. Harris, William *__£?£
--dall and Henry I. Raymond, bngad*-sur
e-eons U. S. V.- (captains and assistant
burgeons, U. S. A.), from the volunteer
army, have been revoked and they have
been relieved from their present stations
ana ordered to duty in the Philippines
Acting Assistant Surgeon Walter H.
Dade U. S. A., now at Chicago, 111., has
also been ordered to the Philippine Isl
ands for duty. • _____
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Acting Assistant Surgeon Shannon Rich
mond, U.S. A., is relieved from further
duty at Camp Wetherill, Greenville. S. C,
and will proceed to Huntsvllle, Ala, and
report in person to the commanding offi
cer. Battalion of Sixteenth United States
Infantry, for duty, to accompany that
command to Manila. - -.__. ,
Pensions for Californians: Original
widows— Ella Girard. Irvington, $3. •
Washington: Increase William B. An
drews, Port Angeles, $6 to $S.
The postoffice at Port • Kenyon, Hum
boldt- County, Cal.. will be discontinued
after April 1. Mail should be sent to Fern
dale.
Coming to San Francisco.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. March 10.—Gover
nor Bradley will shortly go to San Fran
cisco to look over the field with the view
to locating and practicing law there.
CATARRii OF Tilt STOMACH
Is essentially a chronic disease. There In
an inflammation of the inner coating of
the stomach. A thick, ropy mucus forms
and this causes the more pronounced
t /_£"\ symptoms. It re-
/ >-__"\\ mains In the
rtKfti stomach and de-
ll^ »U composes. Then of
r _J_ "/ course digestion
\ /v / cannot be proper-
ly/*^ J ly performed. Tho
J v- -" I liver also becomes
J I involved and In a
_i^*\- \>__ well marked caso
y^r. the symptoms are
/ • > most severe. The
great vegetable
/ remedy HUDYAN
>»*___---_ . I never fails to ef-
A S. feet a cure.. HUD-
S, I__ a \ VAN can be had
\ 0 ** of all draggiats
\ for 50c per pack-
I age. when you
/ _- have used HUD-
/ •* VAN • tell your
• friends about Its
effects. They also
wish to be cured. Study your symptoma
carefully from this chart. Each number
represents a symptom or a group of
symptoms. You have the symptoms. Use
HUDYAN and they will disappear. Don't
wait any longer. Cancer of the stomach
often has its beginning in a severe case of
catarrh of the stomach.
THE SYMPTOMS ARE: .
L. BILIOUS HEADACHE— is __©«
pronounced in the morning, though usual-
ly occurring at frequent Intervale through
. the day. HUDYAN will relieve the head-
ache. ; * -
2-3. RED AND WATERY EYES— HUD-
YAN will cause the redness to disappear
and make the eyes assume their normal
healthy appearance.
4. COATED TONGUE AND FOETID
BREATH AND BAD TASTE IN THE
MOUTH— HUDYAN will clear the tongue,
make the .breath pure and sweet and
cause the bad taste to disappear.
5. PAIN AND TENDERNESS IN THE
STOMACH— This Is due to indigestion.
HUDYAN will cause the food: to become
perfectly digested and the pain and ten-
derness will, disappear. .
6. ENLARGEMENT OF THE LIVER
AND A FEELING OF HEAVINESS
-ND WEIGHT- HUDYAN will lessen the
congestion, establish a free and perfect
flow of bile and reduce the enlarged liver
to its normal size.
HUDYAN will relieve you of the above
symptoms and make you' well. Do not
delay. ,\
You will find full and explicit directions
wrapped with each package of HUDYAN.
Go to your druggist at once and procure
a package of HUDYAN. for 50c. or 6 for
$2 50. If your druggist does not keep it,
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
COMPANY, San Francisco -or Los An-
geles, Cal., and they will send It to you.
You can consult the great HUDYAN
DOCTORS FREE. Do not forget that.
Call and see them if you wish. You may
call- and see them or write, as you desire.
Address
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts_,
San Francisco. Cat.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S *--*«
*gl|o Museum of Anatomy
fpfral 1051 ST. If.. - 7th, S. Ctl.
A ' 8 m The Largtitofitj-ludinthe World.
« Si__A DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
SmW/W B. Consultation free, "rite for book
to- f f Philosophy of Marriage.
Oti M»ii-orjir«:.
fRI Chlche-t-r'e English Diamond BrmaA. '•-
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 _4f~^. Original and Only Genuine. __
y"\ # /»r_'C\ aarc, always reliable, ladic* ask _X\
* it -"■___ Druggist for Chichester* *hi<iiuh Dia-dfa^,
y^ywtiinifiiil Brand in'lfrl aad Gold tallic\VfS?
— "i'K'faooxes, sealed with bine rihboa. Take vS'
TN 9^9_r-ao(her. Refuse dangerous tuhstint. V
| / — - ■ iff lien* and imitation*. At Druggists, or send %4.
1 Ssw la to .stamps for partlcnlars, teetimotrt-ls . a*l
\Q* 0 " Kelief for I.adl-8," in letter, by ret_-_>
__V -fr Mail. 10.000 T.stimooials. Hmae Payer.
_ "/ Gkl«>ieeterCbei-lcalCo.._fnd|M«Bauan_
fetia by »U local _ru«Uu. . _ PHI _.__>__, l'£MORE DELAY IN
UNION BANK CASE
Board of Directors Not
Yet Named.
COURT WANTS MORE TIME
CONTINUES THE MATTER TO
NEXT MONDAY.
Judge Lorigan Intimates He Will
Reappoint All but Two of the
Members Who Have Just
Resigned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE. March 10.— The appoint
ment of a board of directors to close
the business of the defunct Union Sav
ings Bank was not made by Judge Lori
gan this morning, but went over till
Monday morning at 10 o'clock. The
directors, stockholders and depositors
were represented by counsel and
Deputy Sturtevant appeared for the
Attorney General. The court inquired
if a person not a stockholder could be
named as director. Sturtevant was not
certain about this and said the safer
way would be to name only stockhold
ers. He was of the opinion that one
who had acquired stock since the fail
ure could become a member of the di
rectorate.
Judge Lorigan said he was not yet
ready to name the directors. If Direc
tor C. P. Braslan had resigned he would
have had the stockholders elect a board.
As it was he would appoint six direct
ors, as Braslan would make the
seventh. He had received a telegram
from Gilroy asking the court to give
the stockholders of that section repre
sentation on the board of directors. He
felt inclined to give all sides a repre
sentative, but the depositors at the last
meeting decided they did not care about
It. The board of directors that had
just resigned was in charge of affairs
until Its successor had been elected and
it could make arrangements to look
after its interests at the meeting of
Howard's creditors to be held on Mon-
day.
Judge Lorlgan has intimated that he
will reappoint the directors, with prob
ably two exceptions, that have just
tendered their resignations. These are
Amasa Eaton, Cyrus Jones, W. H.
Wright. N. Bowden, L. Callisch, J. W.
Rea and C. P. Braslan. Wright and
Bowden are the only ones who were in
the directorate at the time of the fail
ure and Bowden had been elected but
a couple of weeks when the crash came.
The court has said he would not name
an attorney and in this case Bowden, in
whom all depositors have the greatest
confidence, will not be reappointed.
George T. Dunlop of Gilroy probably
will be named in his stead.
The board of directors of the Union
Savings Bank met this afternoon and
considered Howard's indebtedness.
They selected C. H. Bills as their favor
ite in the choice of a receiver in How
ard's bankruptcy. In case Bills be not
elected they ask the creditors to con
sider Jacob Miller. Ralph Hersey and
G. K. Fleming- for the position, in the
order named.
The depositors are not pleased with
the continual delay in the bank matter
and a large number of them now want
suit brought against the stockholders.
THOUSANDS OF IDLE
MEN IN DAWSON
Unabie to Leave Because They Have
Not the Wherewithal to
Make the Trip.
JUNEAU. Alaska. Feb. 27.— W. C. Ros
ner of 1611 Bush street, San Francisco,
who has been in Alaska about a year and
was quite a well-known young attorney
of San Francisco, has just returned from
a trip to Dawson. He was in business
there for a time. Mr. Rosner reports that
no such large number of men as were
reported to be on the trail a few weeks
ago are coming out. A decision of the
police to give accommodations at the
posts on the river to no one who had no
rnonev stopped the exodus before, in
fact, it got fairly started. Consequently
several thousand Idle men still have noth
ing to do In Dawson and will remain In
that condition indefinitely. A large num
ber of people will go down the river to
Eagle city in the spring when the ice
breaks.
Alexander McDonald's water front snap
—that is. the lease has been hung up:
Inoperative and unproductive. in court
slr.ee last May, the tenants having refused
to pay rent "and a suit, yet undecided,
having been brought against them in
ejectment. 
Mr. Rosner is reported to have made a
stake in Dawson, and will return there
for more in a few weeks after visiting
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hto show to all
• , ..."
a woman much
nervous, petulant and despondent.
Generally ill-health in a woman is due to
disorders or derangements of the delicate
and important feminine organs which are
the cradle of the race. No woman who suf-
fers in this way can retain her good looks
or her attractiveness. The daily burden of
torturing, dragging pains that she carries,
will soon make her a physical wreck, and
eventually either kill her or drive her to
insanity. Any woman may restore and re-
tain her health and strength in a womanly
way by the use of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription. It cures absolutely and com-
pletely the weakness and diseases peculiar
to her sex. It does away with the neces-
sity for the obnoxious "examinations " and
"local treatments ' ' insisted upon by nearly
' Ell physicians, and enables her to treat her-
self in the privacy of her home. It is the
invention of Dr. R. V. Pierce, for thirty
years chief consulting physician to the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at
Buffalo, N. Y. Any woman may consult
him by letter free of charge. All corres-
pondence sacredly confidential.
"I was sickly for sixteen years with prolap-
sus, weakness, disagreeable drain, pain in the
small of my back and costiveness," writes Mrs.
Mary Ashlin, of Barronett. Barron Co.. Wis. .
When I began taking Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription could not sit up. After taking it
for one week 1 got up and did mv housework. I
have taken four bottles of the ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' one bottle of the 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery* and three bottles of the ' Pleasant Pellets.'
These medicines have cured me. I feel as well
a.- I ever did. Seven of the best doctors in the
land treated my case, but gave me bo relief."
SAN LUIS OBISPO
BANK SUSPENDS
Closes Its Doors Because of Lack
of Busioess Due to flbseoce
of Rair>
■ SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 10.— The business community was greatly ■
S astounded late this evening by the news that the County .Bank of this «
§ city had voluntarily suspended. The information came at about dark in $
a the shape of the following notice posted on the door of the bank: SJ
<> "Owing to the fact that another dry year seems imminent, and our ma- H
X bilitv to collect on our assets, the directors have deemed It advisable to put &
5» this bank Into a process of liquidation. The assets are ample to pay all de- g»
_\ positors as soon as they can be converted into cash. 0
S "R. E. JACK, Cashier." g»
0 Cashier R. E. Jack made the following statement to-night: 0
S3 "There is an ample surplus on hand to pay all demands of depositors. 2*
0 The capital stock paid in amounts to $150,000 and the surplus $100,000. At 0
** the annual meeting to-day I explained the situation and argued that it g
£ was useless to keep the bank running when there was no opportunity to gj
0 do any business, owing to the present outlook. We did not close for 0
•' want of money, but closed the bank in order to protect all our creditors. £
H. Later the large depositors would draw their mon.iy, leaving only the £|
0 small deposits, and then we would be obliged to close anyhow." JO
*3 The County Bank has been doing business here for many years, and g
£ for a while was the First National Bank. It has always enjoyed the
0 confidence of business men and has been used as the repository of a q,
S3 large number of small depositors. Last year was dry in this section, 8?
SI and this year at present promises to be no better, although rain within 0
0 a few days will make everything all right. Acting on the advice of the *S
*• cashier the stockholders to-day thought it wise to suspend before worse oj
S disaster overtook the bank. 0
?. -?
iosowsos; » % 0 ?2 0 8808 -OSSOSSOBSOSS OSSOSSOSSO.SO-2 0 ?* 0 a 0 SSOS2OSSOSSO-I
CANADIANS WILL
BE DRIVEN OUT
Trouble Brewing on the
Porcupine.
AMERICANS TO RETALIATE
WILL BAR ALIENS FROM THE
DISTRICT.
The Miners Are Planning to Formu
late and Put Into Execution
an Exclusion Act of
Their Own.
By HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU. Alaska, Feb. 27.— A report
which came down from Porcupine
Creek by the steamer Wolcott, plying
j between Juneau and Haines Mission,
I caused excitement here. It* was to the
; effect that the Canadian flag had been
moved down the trail from Pleasant
I camp, on the Dalton trail, four miles,
so as to take in the Porcupine, Salmon
Creek and other placer mining districts
in American territory. Coming as It
did about the time sensational stories
were wired from Washington, D. C,
concerning the acquisition of Lynn
Canal by the British, it received con
siderable credence. Investigation has
j proved the report untrue up to the pres
ent time. It is known here, however,
that a Canadian police officer left Lake
Bennett recently for Lake Tagish with
j instructions to secure there an extra
j detail of police, return to Bennett and
proceed thence to Porcupine post.
The situation on Porcupine Creek is
strained anyhow. There is little doubt
j that should the Canadians get that sec
-1 tion of country many claims would not
; be abandoned without bloodshed.
Sentiment is crystallizing there
j against allowing any Canadian to make
; a location or to mine there in retaliation
I for the exclusion of Americans from
I Atlin. As is well known some of the
; Canadian police at Pleasant camp post
I have staked claims at Porcupine. A
movement is on foot to quietly notify
! all aliens holding locations in American
territory to get out of the country. This
would be done through a miners' meet
ing, and such a meeting would be
j secret, as the law gives aliens equal
rights to mine. Anybody who knows
' anything about miners' meetings knows
; that what the miners decide on is
; usually carried out to the letter. No
man would dare to stay in a mining
camp of the West or Northwest after
having been notified to vamose. It is
ten to one that the proposed action will
be taken in the Porcupine country.
C. P. Cahoon of Minnesota, the loca
tor of discovery claim on McKinley
Creek, is now here. He says he has
heard a large number of men express
themselves against allowing any Can
adian, policeman or not, to work a
claim there. Other locators on McKin
ley Creek are C. <}. Lewis of Los Ange
les, Cal.; Carl West of Los Angeles and
Charles Leitch of Los Angeles, W. S.
} Hawes of Minnesota, Alexander Mc-
I Conaghy of Colorado, Bert Wooden of
Colorado and Ed Hackley of Washing
ton State. Mr. Cahoon says these men
are opposed to allowing Canadians to
mine.
Some claim-jumping is now going on
in Porcupine, but not to any great ex
tent. Small steamers on Lynn Canal
are carrying more freight and passen
gers to Haines Mission each trip. At
the present rate there will be at least
3000 people on the trails and creeks
back of the mission in thirty lays. The
weather is now very cold and windy,
but it does not seem to stop the crowd.
It has been unusually cold at Atlin
and over the summit of White Pass re
cently, ranging from 50 to 60 degrees
below. Many men— more than half the
construction force on the Skaguay
Railroad will quit work In a few days,
partly on account of the cold, but
mainly owing to a reduction of wages
from $2 50 to $1 70 per day.
STRIKE ON THE YUKON.
Railroad Constructors Oppose a Re
duction of Wages.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, March Seven ',
hundred of the 1400 laborers on construc
tion work of the White Pass-Yukon road
came out on strike yesterday as a result j
of a reduction of wages from 35 to 30 '
cents an hour and an increase of work
to ie;, hours a day. After the men struck
all the others were laid off for a few days
and the seven camps along the road were !
closed for the present. The men are
coming to Skaguay. and all are orderly. ■
No violence is expected. A refuge camp
Will be formed for them here, as there I
are no hotel accommodations. All the men
have money.
Shafter Denies It.
BAKERSFIELD, March 10. - Being
shown a dispatch to the effect that a re
port was in circulation that he was en
gaged to m**ry the widow of General
John A. Logan, General Shatter said to-
night: :':■".':. ■•'.;
"There is nothing whatever in the story.
I have only a very slight acquaintance
with the lady."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1899.
THE THIRD WOMAN
HANGED IN CANADA
Crowd Jeers at Her in
Death.
FACES ALL MEN BOLDLY
DIES ON THE SCAFFOLD WITH
HER LOVER.
The Man Is Weak When It Comes
to Paying the Pen
alty for His
Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. SCHOLASTIQUE, Quebec, March
10. — Mrs. Cordelia Poirier and Samuel
Parslow were hanged here to-day at
8:05 a. m. Life was declared extinct in
eight minutes, the necks of both having
been broken. Mrs. Poirier, who said
farewell to her relatives last night, was
firm and collected throughout. She
took part in the mass said at 5 o'clock
this morning and on the scaffold shook
hands with the hangman without a
tremor. The crowd inside the jail
jeered at her, but even then her com
posure did not desert her, and at the
suggestion of the executioner she
turned and faced the jeerers and stood
erect and prayed to the last. Parslow
was more dead than alive when the
drop fell.
The condemned were taken to the
scaffold separately and were kept from
seeing each other by a screen placed
between them. Six hundred men who
had remained up all night witnessed
the execution.
Outside the jail there were 7000 more,
who tried to batter down the gate of
the jail yard and could only be made to
desist by the provincial police firing
their revolvers in the air. The behavior
of the crowd Inside was such that one ;
of th- priests, Rev. Father Meloche, had •
to reprove them from the scaffold.
Mrs. Cordelia Poirier and Samuel Pars
low, her reputed lover, were hanged for
the murder of Isldor Poirier, the woman's
husband, in 1897. The crime was commit
ted In the Poirier home in St. Canute.
Quebec. Mrs. Poirier. who was 33 years
of age. was the organist of the Roman
Catholic church at St. Jerome, where
Parslow sang In the choir. Both prison
er- confessed their guilt, each seeking to
put the blame on the other.
Mrs. Poirier was the third woman of
eleven condemned since the confederation
to receive capital punishment. The two
women who had previously suffered the
death penalty since the confederation
were Phoebe Campbell, hanged at Lon
don In 1872, for cutting her husband's
throat with a knife, and Elizabeth Work
man, hanged at Sarnia a year later for
beating her husband to death with a club.
The sentences of eight of the eleven mur
deresses were commuted to life Imprison
ment. The crime of six of these women
was the murder of their husbands.
PROTEST AGAINST
SUNDAY SALOONS
Los Angeles Temperance Workers
Address an Appeal to the City
Council.
LOS ANGELES] March 10.— Temperance
workers who are bestirring themselves
in opposition to the petition of saloon men
asking for the repeal of the midnight and
Sunday closing ordinances are circulating
a remonstrance to be formally presented
to the Council as. an expression of the
sentiments of the signers. It is in these
words:
To the Honorable Council, City of Los Ange
les: Whereas. There is a movement on foot to
influence the City council to repeal the ordi
nance for Sunday closing and midnight clos
ing of saloons In Los Angeles, and enact a
substitute by which saloons may run all night
by the payment of $10 a month, and run open
on Sunday by an additional $10 added to the
regular license of $."0 a month; therefore, we.
the undersigned voters of Los Angeles, respect
fully enter pretest against the repeal or the
law enacted by popular movement nine years
ago We furthermore favor strict enforcement
against all violators. We heartily favor the
recommendation of the Mayor and the Police
Commission that all saloons have but one
entrance, and that from the front.
In view of the strong efforts by the
conflicting forces and the complications of
interests of temperance people, retail
dealers, restaurant men, soda fountain
owners and druggists, the Council ap
pears in no hurry to adopt an ordinance
changing the present order of things.
_ —
NO PACIFIC RAILROAD
BONDS TO BE SOLD
Secretary Gage Says There Will Be
No Deficit to Be Met This
Year.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Secretary
Gage says there is no truth In the story
that $60,000,000 of Central Pacific Railroad
bonds are to be sold to meet an expected
deficit. He says Congress passed a pro
vision conferring upon him authority to
sell these bonds, but he has not yet- de
cided that it will be necessary.
Contracts for Gas Plants.
WOODLAND, March 10.— A contract has
been concluded with the Pacific Acetelyne
Gas Company by which the company
agrees to put plants in the Courthouse
and ..the. County Hospital,.
WAS MRS. LUNG
DEVOTED THE
FLOWING BOWL?
Her Appetite Caused
Much Comment.
SEVERAL DEPOSITIONS READ
CORROBORATE THE HUSBAND'S
DIVORCE COMPLAINT.
Residents of Honolulu Tell What
They Know Regarding the Hab
its of Dr. Lung's Eccen
tric Wife.
The action recently instituted by Dr.
George A. Lung of the United States
cruiser Philadelphia for a divorce from
his wife, Mrs. Elizabeth Lung, on the
ground of Intemperance, was taken up
by Judge Hebbard yesterday morning and
a number of Interesting depositions bear
ing on the wife's devotion to the flowing
bowl were opened and read. Dr. Lung
charges that on many occasions Mrs.
Lung, whom he married in Philadelphia
June 1, 188S, disgraced him while laboring
under hallucinations caused by overin
dulgence in liquor. These charges are
corroborated in a large measure by the
depositions given by various people of Ho
nolulu.
The sworn statement of A. S. Hum
phries, an attorney of Honolulu, first en
tertained the court and spectators. In
the document he states that he was well
aware that Mrs. Lung often indulged in
intoxicants to excess, and when In this
condition she complained to the witness
that her husband was paying too much
attention to Mrs. Jack Winter of Hono
lulu, a charge which Dr. Lung indignant
ly denies. Humphries tells a story re
garding a painful incident which occurred
in the presence of various people when
deponent's wife met Mrs. Lung. The lat
ter referred to her new acquaintance as
a "flat nosed Chinese woman." a remark
that caused no end of scandal in Hono
lulu.
Humphries further stated that Mrs.
Lung's conduct was such that Admiral
Walker of the flagship refused to permit
her to board the vessel and informed the
officers that they should not recognize
her. Under cross-examination witness
testified that Mrs. Lung's remark asso
ciating her husband and Mrs. Winter al
most caused a conflict between Dr. Lung
and Mr. Winter. This trouble all origi
nated at the annexation ball, witness
said, where Mrs. Lung charged her hus
band openly with devoting all his time to
Mrs. Winter.
The deposition of Mrs. J. H. Paty is
short but interesting. She met Mrs. Lung
in a car one day, so she alleges. Mrs.
Lung was intoxicated and swore at her
tor no cause, much to her discomfort.
Miss Mabel l. add, who resides at ?•*>
Nuuanu avenue, in the island city, says
that Mrs. Lung was Of a jealous, excita
ble disposition and was given to drinking
to excess. When asked on cross-exami
nation If she did not know that Dr. Lung
treated his wife cruelly and consorted
with disreputable people, the witness dis
claimed all knowledge of such affairs.
Next Friday a demurrer to the com
plaint will be argued, and in event it i
overruled the trial will commence Imme
diately It is Mrs. Lung's purpose to
fight the case to the end. an intention
which may reveal a family skeleton of
striking characteristics.
DEMOCRATIC SHORTAGE.
Committee Expects to Make It Up
Within Thirty Days.
Ways to obtain means to liquidate the
$4000 still owed by the Democratic State
Central Committee were earnestly dis
cussed yesterday at a meeting of the se
lect committee recently appointed to raise
funds to wipe out this shortage. There
were present ex-Governor Budd, Walker
C. Graves, Oscar Hocks. Supervisor By
ington and Charles W. Fay, representing
Mayor Phelan. Reports were made as to
collections and plans were laid for a con
tinuance of the work. The committee ex
pressed confidence that the required
amount would be secured within thirty
days.
For Mutilating Coin.
Charles Sanford, alias Rounds, arrested
at the Cliff House on Thursday by Police
men Clark and Prendergast, was yester
day handed over to the Federal authorities.
GRACE GREGORY TO
RETURN A BRIDE
(Photo by Alme Dupont.)
THE charming bride-elect of Senator Fred S. Stratton of Alameda County,
Miss Grace Gregory, now of New York, was formerly a resident of Oakland.
Some fourteen years ago she left this State, at first traveling abroad, then
settling down in Paris to a close study of music under the direction of the
famous singer. Boutry. Possessing the sweetest of voices, she often delights her
New York audiences with her chant-like melody. Her father was S. W. Gregory,
once prominent in the machinery business in this city. The family lived in the
Charles Webb Howard house on Harrison street. Oakland. The future Mrs. red
S. Stratton will find that she has not been forgotten by the old friends she left
years ago.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ..
ft Vv V J ■■ — ___r^^^_B^ __Er" t—v -f -^ r? BR ££" t -^t --^ irHjS^ ~~ "* ■_ ___5T "___• j^\3_RW-f__. mp'k_^^*_x_"v__lo.
vi wCl-4 _-B-IH--__VI-!_-_h------S!------B- ■nl n___^BT_VvJft«^H^^ "^»*>^t__^ ljm \x^*J * .^_____rl__r tttt^^___*S ■
IN aabENffeOMBINATiof
The pleasant m-thod and beneficial effects of the well- laxative and presenting them In the form most refreshing t»
known remedy. Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the Calif or- the taste and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect
nia Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the strengthening laxative,
liquid laxative principles of piants known to be medicinally
Cleansing the System Effectually,
Dispelling Colds and Headaches,
Preventing Fevers,
Overcoming Habitual Constipation Permanently.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and . m-ke It the ideal laxative.
substance, and its acting on the kidneys, liver and bowels, In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they art
gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, | pleasant to the taste, but
The Medicinal Qualities Are Obtained From Senna
And other aromatic plants, by a method known to the Cail'or- become important to all to have a knowledge of the company
nia Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial and Its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was
effects, and to tvoli imitations, please remember the full name organized more than fifteen years ago, for tne special purpose
of the'eompany printed on the front ot every package. of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce be more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than
purchase at about the same price that others pay for cheap and ' any other known The great value of the remedy as a medl-
worthless Imitations. To com into universal demand and to c nil agent and of the company s efforts, is attested by the sale
worthless imitations To com, into universal demand and to of millions of bottles annually, and by the high approval of
be everywhere considered the best of Its class, an article must most emlnent physicians . As the true and genuine remedy
be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of . the best In- named Syrup of Figs is manufactured by the California Fig
formed purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company hay- Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact will assist In
ing met with the highest success in the manufacture and sale avoiding the worthless imitations manufactured by other
of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has parties.
' .'.'.■
*°^i_*-«* e^'STS
For Sale by All Druggiste , Price 50 <? Per Bottle
When searched two $l-blll_ were found
in his pockets, one of which had been
raised to $50 and the other to $100. His
companion, Hugh Trainor. was booked at
the City Prison on a chage of vagrancy.
TRANSIT FACILITIES
UNDER DISCUSSION
EXTENSIONS AND A NEW LINE
RECOMMENDED.
Important Action Taken at a Joint
Meeting of Property-Owners
and Tenants Last Night.
Extension of existing and the construc
tion of new street railway lines was the
subject of discussion last night at a joint
meeting of the directors of the Mer
chants' Association and property owners
and tenants along the route of the pro
posed Improvements.
Indorsement was given to the proposi
tion of the Market Street Railway Com
pany now before the Street Committee of
the Supervisors. This provides for the
conversion of the Post and Leavenworth
street cable, line into an electric road, and
its extension along Montgomery, from
Post to Jackson, and for the construction
of a new electric line from Jackson
street, along Sansome to Bush, to Grant
avenue, to Post, to Taylor, to Market and
down Sixth to Brannan.
After the object of the meeting had been
stated by President Dohrmann of the Mer
chants' Association, who presided, a com
munication was read from the North Cen
tral Improvement Association, represent
ing property owners in the district bound
ed by Kearny and California streets and
the bay. This urged the necessity of im
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft+®+®+® +®+® +® ♦ ® ♦®>®*®+®+®*®+®*® +®+®+®+®>®>®+®*-H®
I RENEW YOUR STRENGTH I
® Ano - show yourself a man. Use ®
*~ __*wsflS_* _«^_£ tllat remed y which not only brings >
® <^^«^V^^f|^-<§<j^^^^p^f you through your trouble, but ®
4- r^^-p^^l^^'^M^^ii^i '* stays with you as a life-long 4.
® ■*"_a^*4^^S^^\ ; - 92-li « i friend. The real aim of a man's ®
♦ i'Wligg^X-- l» '•' life ts to live well ancl work well, -f
® J,(&M&' dffiWsr" xJss Sound health is the basis of good @
4 Jsfir \^3Ti&sffils&r «-£• work. Disease robs a man of his 4,
® strength. It spoils his hopes and ®
♦ li^wfv^liSv*- v «-§_' SB _____T^^^Ssl^-H success; nay more, it racks the -£
0 *^< vSs^K_s», -OTeT^li-W mind - The insanity of many who ®
(m) crowd out asylums is traceable to x
t- ! '^^^^| their bodily ailments. Let the ex- ®
® '^^^^--^^fs'^?^§(^^^-_^ ;l^^^f perience of others be your warn-
£ '^-SPlffi^i'lliffiiiill inK ' Where is your weakness? X
® "^^^ffiapv i^'( ' l^-MW Have you pains in he lower part (S)
A " "^— yjWW f V 'A Jj^Jlgpf) '■ of the back? That is a nerve ®
i. center; pain there means kidney +
® trouble or weakness of the muscles. The helping hand of Electricity is ®
X held out to you in my ; +
® DR. SANDBN ELECTRIC BELT. %
® Read this short letter from A. M. Farrell, of February 10: "Your ®
"*" Belt which I have worn for two months, has done me a great deal of >
® good' My hips and back were" very weak, now I am strong again and ®
X all the pains are gone." 170 Orchard street, San Jose, Cal. Many more +
® such letters are in my book. "Three Classes of Men." Send for.it and ®
"*" learn all about my famous Belt. The book is mailed free. X
•f -v-- — . __ - ,-,-„--., 702 Market, Cor. Kearny San Francisco, f *
§ dr. m. A. Mclaughlin, «^»^"=3WSS3_--» I
-- _- _». -■-- 7 10 to 1. Never sold in drug stores. (S)
®+®4®+®+®+ ® + ® ♦ ® 4-® ♦ >4®4®+®+®+ ® + ®+ ®+® ♦ ®+®+®4»®
mediate action in the matter as follows:
Rapid transit in our district is a vital neces
sity, the lack of which is .causing property
owners the loss of tenants and the conse
quent depreciation In rents and in the value
or property. Our district is practically inac
cessible. We have nothing but bobtail cars,
which necessarily give but slow service. In
consequence, trade Is being diverted to other
parts of the city where there are electric and
cable lines and where business men have fast
communication.
On motion of Joseph Rothschild, the
Sixth Street and North Central Improve
ment Associations were requested to ap
point a Joint committee of three to co
operate with the Merchants' Association
in the work of securing the construction
of the new railways by appearing before
the Street Committee of the Supervisors
and requesting the necessary franchises
be granted the Market Street Railway
Company. L. V. Merle, H. H. Taylor and
Edgar Painter were selected as this com
mittee. ,
Before adjournment a, formal resolution
was adopted, stating that it was the
sense of the joint conference that the pro
posed improvements be made and that
every effort be used to this end.
Father Against Son.
The unusual circumstance of a father
! swearing out a warrant for the arrest of
' his son on a charge of forgery was wit
nessed in Judge Conlan's court yesterday.
The father is Daniel McClernon, and tha
I son. James H. McClernon, foreman with
Bush & Mallett. The father alleges
: that about four years ago the son col
lected $16 interest on money he had de
posited In the People's Home Saving
-1 Bank and had forged his name to the
receipt. Since then the son had got mar
i ried. The son was arrested and was re
: leased on his own recognizance by acting
! Police Judge Barry.
56
__WW <^jiii_^<ir&ii
£T «&%•,___ * i^'TBJS?'. — _ffii <___r"|
i!/ U$ ?^fl''***
SATURDAY MARCH n, 1809
! .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1374.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year 96.
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ° 5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year I.HO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year s '°°
All postmaster- are authorized to receive subscriptions,
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ TT 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building |
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel j
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C.GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock- i
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh, j
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana |
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "La Tosca."
California — Sousa's Concerts. *
Tivoli— "La Belle Helene."
Alcazar— "A Man With a Past."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "'Dewey, the He-.-o of Manila."
Grand Opera Hou*=e— Ellis Opera Company; "Faust," Mon-
day evening:. March 13.
Chutes. Zco and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
a„i evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialtlea.
Centra! Park— Steeplechase.
Ingleside Cour3lng Coursing to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridge & Tuesday, March, 14, at 12
o'clock m.. Real Estate, at 63S Market street.
THE HARBOR COMMISSION BILL.
rROM every point of view the defeat of Dickin
son's Harbor Commission bill by the decisive
vote of 24 to 11 in the Senate is commendable and
gratifying. The measure was of the kind popularly
known as "peanut politics." It was pernicious in
principle and would have been wasteful and offensive
in practice. The Republican party can take credit
from the fact that the bill was killed by its representa
tives.
As has been pointed out by The Call, the bill was
without a single redeeming feature. It was a political
job, not pure and simple, but impure and complex.
It bore on its face every evidence of having been de
signed to create new offices with salaries for the bene
fit of office-seekers, and opened a way for the appoint
ment of an additional lot of political henchmen to the
payroll of the State.
The character of the support given to it in the Sen
ate was in due accord with that of the bill itself.
After Senator Boyce had made clear the facts that the
bill provided no remedy whatever for existing evils in
the administration of the affairs of the harbor, but on
the contrary tended to make them worse by the addi
tion of two more spoilsmen with their following of
hungry tax-eaters, Senator Morehouse frankly de
clared himself in favor of that kind of thing. He sup
ported the bill because it was a spoils bill, and made
no attempt to prove it be anything else.
The better element of the Republican party did not
lack a champion to reply to the advocate of the spoils
system. Senator Davis in a vigorous speech upheld
the pledges of the party to the people, and declared he
would not be one to make all the civil service planks
in Republican platforms to be but lies. As the result
proved he spoke the sentiment of the great majority
of Republicans in the Senate as well as in the State,
and nothing the friends of the job had to say in re
ply weakened the effect of his masterly defense of po
litical honesty against jobbery and the betrayal of
pledges.
The defeat of the bill is beneficial in many ways.
It protects the revenues of the State against the waste
of a useless increase of salaries, it tends to check cor
ruption in the management of the harbor and opens
a way for true remedial legislation, it baffles the
efforts of the Burns gang to provide more patronage
to be distributed in the interest of their boss, it up
holds the standard of Republican honor and marks
the taking of an important step toward ridding Cali
fornia of that petty spoils system of politics which has
been so pernicious to all the interests of her people.
It is now clear that this Legislature will deserve a
high degree of approval from the people. It has stood
firm against the intrigues of the Southern Pacific and
a gang of corrupt politicians backed by the Exam
iner to elect a disreputable and dishonored man to the
United States Senate, and in repeated instances has
shown a resolution to give the State an economical
administration. It has not been favorable to cinch
bills nor to political jobbery. It has given many evi
dences of a desire to keep faith with the people, and
one of the most -striking of these was the overwhelm
ing vote that crushed the schemes for jobbery and
boodle involved in the Harbor Commission bill.
Just why anybody should be posing as "Soapy
Smith" is not easily understood. Soapy was one of
the worst scoundrels who ever met a merited fate in
getting shot, and if the pretender can get himself ac
cepted as genuine there ought to be a lot of jails
yawning for him.
That regiment of immuncs which has been painting
a streak of red across the South seems to overlook the
fact that peace has been declared. If terrible in
war as after war is over, they would be bad people
to meet in action.
The spectacle of American soldiers being baptized
in the Pasig River will strike native observers as pe
culiar. Only the other day an army of natives was
driven into that same river, and so far as revealed here
is there yet.
Town Topics, a New York weekly publication, is
assailing General Miles. While this is doubtless un
pleasant for the gentleman, the situation would be
much worse if the paper were praising him instead.
While London anarchists who claim responsibility
for the explosion at Toulon arc in all probability ly
ing, there could be no harm in taking them at their
word this time.
Perhaps if packers were in the habit of canning dis
eased meat they would refrain from the practice while
a court of inquiry was engaged in inspection.
That Admiral Dewey's hair should have turned gray
rapidly is not surprising. The head under that hair
hasn't been turned any.
THE BURNS FLOP.
ANOTHER turn has occurred in the* Burns
policy. It is so acute as to excite derision and
supply the element of humor in this long and
rapidly dying intrigue. On Wednesday the purging of
Milton Green of contempt and his discharge by the
House was gall, wormwood, poke root and every
thing bitter and puckery to the Burns men. The ever
serviceable Dibble, who can always be relied on to
give a good reason for a bad action, in that cheerful
spirit which meets an emergency in politics by calling
forgery a clerical error and perjury a poetic license,
had shouted himself into' prismatic colors in benalf
of the honor of the House. He had asserted that to
purge Green was to disgrace the House. The Burns
touts invaded the floor and left the smell of their
fingers in the buttonholes of the members, and
ranted, persuaded, blasphemed and implored to get
support for Dibble's anxiety that the House should
not disgrace itself. In that behalf nasty blows and
nastier words were exchanged, and Green was not
purged.
Within twenty-four hours the scene and its spirit
changed. Dibble appeared in behalf of purging
Green, and himself, good political apothecary, fur
nished the purgative. One day before this had been
such deep disgrace of the House that Dibble mourned
lest his good name should go into hectic decline if it
were done. What was a deadly sin on Wednesday
was put among the beatitudes on Thursday, and by
the same men.
It was an admonitory* illustration of the idea of
principles, of right and wrong, of, the decent and in
decent, held by Burns and his supporters. One day
an act is denounced by them in every term and phrase
of contempt and deprecation, and the next day, with
a cheek as blushless as a crocodile's, they father the
same act and carry it out.
With them the sole measure and standard is the
effect of any act upon the candidacy of Burns. On
Wednesday they thought opposition to purging Green
would make votes for Burns, so they opposed and
put their opposition upon the high ground of prin
ciple, and declaimed in behalf of the vestal reputation
of the House. But all this brought no votes for
Burns. On the contrary, it repelled some that seemed
inclined to come. Whereupon the same men ex
changed the lilies and languors of virtue. for the roses
and raptures of vice, and, with only one sleep be
tween, on Thursday did that which on Wednesday
they had declared would disgrace the House and stain
it forever!
The quiet people who watch what goes on and
thank God it goes no worse will not fail to prop
erly analyze this change, and will hope that the same
men will not close the session by trying to reseat
Wright as Speaker of the House.
LET US HfIVE ECONOMY.
IT. is apparent now that California is to endure
another dry year. There have been droughts be
fore, but our prospective experience is novel, in
that we are faced with a drought extending over two
years. The field crop planters are already resigned to
the situation, and the deciduous and citrus orchard
ists are wisely sacrificing, in the arid districts, any
prospect of a crop in order to save their trees. In
Southern California, where the Sweetwater and Bear
Valley reservoirs have run dry, the orange and lemon
planters arc cutting their trees back, eradicating all
bearing wood and reducing the bark and foliage, so
that the tree will live on less moisture and be carried
over until normal rainfall is restored. So every in
terest that can protect itself and wait is getting under
cover, and under the circumstances the most unwel
come visitor during the next biennium will be the
Tax Collector.
The Legislature should not forget this. It is no
time for large appropriations to feed fads in State in
stitutions or support new official positions. Every
household in the State is already settled down to
economies fitted to the conditions of the drought.
Let the housekeeping of the State likewise adjust it
self.
The Governor has shown a commendable spirit of
economy and has used his veto in that direction with
praiseworthy impartiality. There are many measures yet
pending which will need his attention, if they pass.
Some of them create new offices and salaries. It is
highly probable that one of these is the Oakland
Harbor Commission bill. There is grave doubt in
commercial circles in Oakland that such an establish
ment is needed or will pay back in any service the
burdensome tax on commerce required for its sup
port. For reasons added to the water-front litigation
and derived entirely from the commercial situation it
is evident that Oakland will in no respect suffer if she
is not now loaded with this rather sumptuously sala
ried adjunct. The sentiment of the State government
should be no expenditure for ornamental or senti
mental improvements, and no new salaried offices,
except upon the plainest demonstration of their ne
cessity.
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S HEALTH-
A SENSATIONAL report sent out from- Van
couver a few days ago to the effect that a
British officer on his way home from Manila
had declared Admiral Dewey's health to be seriously
undermined has been promptly refuted from Wash
ington. Government officials have received no infor
mation of any illness of the Admiral nor of any need
or desire on his part for rest. On the contrary, a
dispatch was received from him some time ago say
ing: "I trust it may not be necessary to order, me to
Washington. Should very much regret to leave here
while matters remain in the present critical condi
tion."
The promptness with which the refutation to the
alarming rumor has been given is gratifying. At 'the
present time the sole danger point on the horizon of
our national affairs is at Manila, and while the danger
even there is not great, yet serious consequences
might result from any mismanagement of our dealings
with the natives and the rights of European resi
dents. It is, therefore, desirable we should have in
command at that point a wise as well as a brave man,
for the successful solution of the problems involved
in the issues requires the tact of a diplomatist as well
as the courage of a warrior.
Of course no man is essential to the affairs of a
great nation. Out of the ranks of a vigorous people
there never fail to come forth leaders to take the place
of those whom wounds, sickness, old age or death
remove from command. Nevertheless, the personal
ity of a strong, sagacious man is always one of the
controlling factors in the history of a nation, and
whenever such a man is found in the right place at a
time when his country needs him anything which
threatens to force his retirement is a matter of serious
concern to all.
Admiral Dewey has proven himself to be exactly
the man whom we need at this juncture in the Orient.
He has served several years in that part of the world
and knows its problems and its people better than
the officials at Washington than any man we
can reasonably hope to find when the time comes to
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1899.
substitute another in command. Therefore the rumor
of his ill-health, coming from a seemingly well
authenticated source, was a cause of much disquietude
and there will be a feeling of no little satisfaction in
its prompt refutation.
BRITISH NfqVflL ESTIMATES.
GOSCHEN'S speech to the Commons on in
, troducing the naval estimates for the year
dealt with the proposed expenditure of large
sums with such a simple gravity of manner that at
times it was almost amusing. For example, he
gravely informed the Commons that the outlook for
the British navy is not reassuring, because the United
States, Russia, France, Germany, Italy and Japan
have under construction an aggregate of 685,000 tons
of warships, or 225,000 tons more than is contemplated
in the British estimates.
The quiet assumption in this statement that things
are not reassuring unless Great Britain constructs
every year more war vessels than all the other great
nations of the globe, with Japan thrown in, verges
very close on the humorous. The very' gravity with
which the statesmen of the little island in the North
Sea, located between the Irish Channel and the Ger
man Ocean, propose to go up against the whole world
when it comes to a sea fight has in it something of a
gasconade, and is the more entertaining because not
intended for a boast.
Mr. Goschen, however, was not humorous, nor was j
he boastful. He was quite in earnest. He would like
to see upon the ocean a British navy as powerful as j
that of all the rest of the world combined, and, finding I
the desire is not to be attained this year, he regards
the outlook as dubious and perceives nothing on the
horizon which he can point out to his countrymen as
reassuring.
Despite his somewhat despondent tone, however,
the Right Honorable gentleman, the First Lord of
the Admiralty, had a pretty good naval programme to
submit. It comprised in the aggregate an expendi
ture for naval purposes during the coming year of
£26,594,000, or considerably more than $100,000,000.
Of course not all the amount is for ships. Some is
for new naval stations, and the Russians and the
Chinese will note with passing interest that something
like $15,000,000 is to be expended in fitting up the
port of Wei-Hai-Wei, where, as Mr. Goschen
pointed out, there is a "valuable anchorage."
In the meantime, since the naval outlook is not re
assuring, her Majesty's Government is heartily sec
onding the peace proposals of the Czar. The confer
ence will not cost as much money as the naval es
timates amount to, nor even so much as the single
item of the anchorage at Wei-Hai-Wei. Perhaps the
British can find some pleasing promise in that pros
pect. It is safe to assert, however, they will none the
less adopt the naval bill without a division and put
another penny on the beer and the income tax and go
along grumbling, as is their custom, because other na
tions spend so much on their navies.
THE Senate passed a bill the other day which
should be promptly enacted into law by the As
sembly. We refer to the measure introduced by
Senator Braunhart and known to the legislative files
as Senate bill No. 202. It is a proposition to amend
sections 204 and 205 of the Code of Civil Procedure
so as to change the method of drawing trial juries in
the Superior Courts of the State. As originally pre
pared and introduced by Senator Braunhart its opera
tion was confined entirely to San Francisco, but the
Senate considered the idea so good that it enlarged its
application to the entire State.
The amendments proposed relate mainly to the
process of selecting the names of those appointed to
serve as trial jurors. The Judges are left to prepare
the lists as at present, but rules are set up which re
quire a more careful inspection of persons and a
greater responsibility is thrown upon the clerks of the
courts, who are commanded to examine the lists and
report upon the personal characters of the proposed
jurors.
Another amendment provides that no person shall
be obliged to serve as a trial juror for more than one
month in the year, unless a longer service is de
manded by a trial for which he has been impaneled.
Nor is any trial juror to serve on more than five
causes during the term for which he may have been
selected, and whenever a juror has served on five
causes the clerk of the court is required to strike his
name from the list. It is thought that this latter pro
vision, by making jury duty easy, will attract to the
box a more reputable class of citizens, or, what is the
same thing, remove some of their objections to
serving.
It is to be hoped that the Assembly will pass this
bill, if for no other reason than to give the new sys
tem a trial. Certainly the selection of juries could
not be looser than it is at present, and anything which
will throw around trials greater restrictions is in the
line of useful legislation.
WORKMEN OPPOSE THE Rf.CES.
I~*HAT workmen as individuals should oppose
racing as conducted at Ingleside is not strange.
That as a body they should have paused in their
routine to denounce it was unexpected, and brings
into the contest a new element to combat the iniquity
of the debased "sport" and to check the tide of gold
flowing into the hands of the touts and bookmakers.
The hangers-on of Ingleside, and also the managers,
threaten dire things in case the Supervisors shall
carry out the expressed determination to deprive them
of their power for evil. It seems certain that the
friendship of the workmen is far more valuable than
that of the gamblers. That their influence is greater
and their honest opinions are entitled to respect there
can be no question. The Supervisors, setting aside
the moral aspect of the situation, can well afford to
listen to the voice of these honest toilers.
Workmen are of the people. In the sweat of
his brow the laborer at any manual calling must earn
his bread,' and as he earns it, rearing a family and
providing for his home out of his wage, he has a
right to protection against the wiles of the confidence
operator. He ought to be assured that while he is at
his forge or bench his boy is not being robbed at the
racetrack, led into evil associations and trained to a
career of uselessness or even of crime.
There are many instances known of women neglect
ing their household duties and their little ones so as
to attend the races, there to bet and to squander the
scanty store which should go for rent or shoes, doing
this while the head of the house was away earning
more and never suspecting that the rounders of the
tenderloin were to have that same money to spend.
In some cases the result has been a tragedy.
It is good that the workmen have spoken officially.
Their clear and decisive words show how wide
spread is the interest in the subject, and will go far
to offset the threats and cajolery of the parasites of
which the community is striving to rid itself.
People with a taste for horse meat probably have
a' right to indulge it, but the average American sol
dier prefers beef.
f. GOOD BILL.
BROKE DOWN OFF POINT REYES.
THE collier Empire came to grief while on her way to Coos Bay.
She sailed back as far as Duxbury Reef, when the wind became
unfavorable and Captain Mason anchored his vessel. Yester
day morning the steam schooner Luella, from Point Arena, came
along and towed her into port. It will be two weeks before the Em
pire is ready for sea again. ,
COLLIER EMPIRE
IS DISABLED
UP THE COAST
Towed Back to Port
by the Luella.
SUBSIDIZED FRENCH VESSELS
ELEVEN OF THEM ON THEIR
WAY TO THIS PORT.
Helen N. Kimball Overdue at Pana
ma—Lumber Vessels for South
Africa— of the May
Flint.
The -team collier Empire returned to
port yesterday in tow of the steam
schooner Luella, The Empire left here
for Coos Bay last Thursday and all went
well until Point Reyes was reached, when
the crank shaft broke. This left the ves
sel helpless as far as the engines were
concerned, but Captain Nelson soon got
sail on her and headed for San Francisco.
When off Duxbury Reef the sea became
rough and a head wind was encountered,
so the vessel was anchored. One of the
black stack tugs went to her assistance,
but a bargain could not be struck.
Early yesterday morning several steam
schooners hove in sight and the Luella
bore down on the disabled collier. The
two captains came to an agreement and
the Luella took the Empire in tow. She
was brought through the Heads without
any bother, and when off Lime Point the
tug Sea Queen came along and relieved
the Luella of her tow. The Luella went
to Third and Berry streets wharf to dis
charge her cargo of lumber and the Em
pire was docked at Vallejo street wharf.
It will take a couple of weeks to repair
the collier, and in the meantime the Coos
Bay Coal Company will have to secure
another vessel to take her place. ,
The owners of the schooner Helen N.
Kimball are wondering what has become
of their vessel. She left Eureka on De
cember 3 last in company with the schoon
er Esther Buhne. The Kimball was bound
for Panama with a load of lumber and
the Buhne for .Honolulu with a similar
cargo. The Buhne arrived at Honolulu
December 30, discharged and loaded and
was back in San Francisco on February
2. A week later she was on her way to
Puget Sound and two days ago she sailed
again from New Whatcom for San Fran
cisco. The Kimball has not been heard
from since she left Eureka ninety-eight
days ago. Panama is about 1200 miles fur
ther south of Eureka than is Honolulu,
but the Esther Buhne has covered three
times that distance since she left Eureka
in company with the Helen X. Kimball.
The owners of the schooner are not
very anxious about her. They think she
may have reached Panama and that Cap
tain Guttormsen has failed to notify them
of her arrival. Still, none of the mail
steamers. mention having spoken her. The
Kimball is a stanch schooner, splendidly
found, and if anything has happened to
her It must have been In an exceptional
blow. She was built in Cuffeys Cove in
1881. and is 188 tons net burden. She Is
112.5 feet long, 80.8 feet beam and 0.2 feet
in draft. The vessel has been in the coast
trade since she was built.
American lumber Is in demand in South
Africa and a number of grain vessels not
liking the outlook for next season are
accepting charters for Cape Town and
Delagoa Bay. The Kennebec arrived at
Cape Town on March 2 from Puget Sound
with a load of lumber and the ships
James Nesmith and John A. Brlggs and
barkentine John Smith are now out
eighty-two, seventy-two and sixty-six
days respectively from points on the
Sound for the ports named. In addition
to these the British ships Olivebank and
British General and the American ship
M. P. Grace, now in this port, have been
chartered to go to the Sound to load for
South Africa.
Including vessels loading at the islands
there are now sixty-five American vessels
listed for this port. At the same time
there are forty-five British vessels, eleven
French, three Italian, two German, four
Hawaiian, one Norwegian, one Japanese
and one Chilean on their way here.
The above figures are given to show
what a subsidy will do for the mercantile
marine of a country. A short time ago
France decided to pay a mileage subsidy
to her sailing vessels. At that time it was
a very rare thing to see the French tri
color In the port of San Francisco while
at this time last year only two French
vessels were on their way here. Now
there are eleven and the chances are that
many more will be seen In these
waters before the year is out.
■ Flint & Co. of New York have decided
that there is nothing In sailing vessels.
Some years ago the British ship Persian
Monarch was wrecked on the American
coast. She was purchased by Flint & Co.,
who spent considerable money in repair
ing her, after which she was placed under
the American flag and renamed the May
Flint. Ever since she has been sailing in
and out of ports In the United States. 'but
now her American owners have resold her
to an English firm and the stars and
stripes are to be hauled down and the
cross of St. George hoisted in its stead.
The name May Flint is to be effaced and
the old name Persian Monarch replaced.
She is now under charter to carry coal oil
from New York to Japan. <-
Three tugs for use in Manila Bay and
among the Philippines have been pur
chased by the United States Government
in Hongkong. They are the Kar Shun,
7.cc Fat and Kura Hing^at present, but
the chances are that Admiral Dewey will
rechristen them as they are handed over
to him. Each tug is 100 tons burden. £7
feet long. 14 feet 7 inches beam and 8 feet
draft. They were built and engineered
by Chinese and were especially prepared
for the trip to Manila. They will be used
to transport troops from point to point
when necessary.
in the Divorce Court.
Justine Lelanne has been granted a
divorce from Simon Lelanne on the
ground of failure to provide. The plain
jtlff was granted alimony in the sum of
$15 a month. Charlotte Gray was grant
ed a divorce from Thomas Gray on the
ground of desertion. Barbara A. Rush
worth secured a divorce from William V.
Rushworth on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Grace Samuels was granted a
divorce from George __. Samuels on the
ground of infidelity. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Emma J. Pattee
against Frank M. Pattee for failure to
provide; Frederick "W. Gardam against
Rose Gardam for desertion; Ida L. "Will
against George W. Will for cruelty, and
Josephine Wooley against Horace M.
Wooley for cruelty.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. K. Dorchester of Santa Rosa is at the
California.
H. Cornforth, a Marysville storekeeper.
Is staying at the Lick.
G. W. Harney, a Marysville fruit
grower and packer, is at the Grand.
Captain W. H. McMinn, a retired army
officer of San Jose, is registered at the
Lick.
N. S. Gillen, the extensive orchardlst of
Mountain View, is at the Russ with his
wife.
Frank McGraw, a mining man of Lewis
ton, Idaho, is registered at the Occidental
with his wife.
George T. Myers, a large fish packer of
Portland, Or., is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his wife.
George F. Ditzler, a fruit merchant of
Biggs, and John H. Millzner, a Tucson
mining man, are at the Grand.
T. L. Bell, proprietor of the Ben Lo
mond Hotel, and Dr. Ben A. Plant of
Santa Cruz are registered at the Grand.
Michael Cudahy, the millionaire pork
packer of Chicago, and D. W. Copelin. a
merchant of Toledo, Ohio, are among the
arrivals at the Palace.
Captain W. B. Rathbone, who has been
expert bookkeeper at the Palace for a
long period, will leave next Sunday for a
two years'- trip to England.
Captain Hooper
of the revenue
cutter McCul
loch tells a good
story of the tak
ing of Manila and
Spaniards
FEARED
The Monterey.
the consternation
. 4 §>+ created among
the Spanish soldiers when the formidable
Monterey steamed into the harbor. Under
orders from Admiral Dewey, when the
fleet moved into the harbor preparatory
to lowering the Spanish flag and raising
the stars and stripes over the forts, the
Monterey kept well inshore. The remain
der of Uncle Sam's warships, stripped for
action, stood well out In the harbor. Every
one remembers that not a shot was fired
on the city, and the Spaniards made no
attempt to damage the American fleet.
This surprised the naval officers and their
surprise was still greater when they saw
the fortifications and forts which the
Spanish failed to defend. Captain Hooper
was one of the officers detailed to go
ashore to receive the surrender of the Ma
nila forts. In the largest and best fort
were a number of great guns which could
have done much damage to the warships
if the Spaniards had been courageous
enough to use them. The commandant of
the fort was an Intelligent Spaniard and
spoke English fluently. After the surren
der had been made Captain Hooper sat
down to chat with this officer, and during
their conversation said to him:
"Pardon my question, as I ask it out of
curiosity, but why did you not fire on us
when you had such a fort and such guns
as these here?"
"Well, I'll tell you why," courteously
replied the Spanish commandant. "You
see those warships way out there? We
saw what kind of h they raised with
Admiral Montojo's fleet. Well, you see
that thing close inshore? {pointing to
the Monterey). We never saw anything
like it before and we did not know what
kind of h it would raise, and we did
not invite it by resisting the Americans."
Captain Hooper then gave the Spaniard
a general description of the Monterey and
her guns, at the conclusion of which his
listener remarked:
"You Americanos are devils for building
machines to raise h with."
F. S. Fish, who is largely interested in
carriage manufacturing in South Bend.
Ind., has engaged apartments at the
Palace for himself and wife.
George C. Hodges, who is connected
with the Chicago Record, is here on a
business trip and is registered at the Pal
ace. He has made a tour of Mexico and
will visit the northern section before re
turning home.
George W. Boyd, assistant general pas
senger agent of the Pennsylvania road,
accompanied by his bride, will arrive in
the special car Olivette to-day from Phil
adelphia. They are making their honey
moon trip throughout the United States. \
Jay W. Adams. Pacific Coast agent, and
J. Y. Calahan, general Western passenger
agent, of the Nickel Plate road, have
gone to Honolulu to establish agencies for
their line. This course is made necessary
by the increase in travel to and from the
islands since their annexation.
Captain C. B. Hardin of Company F,
Second Battalion, Eighteenth Infantry,
U. S. A., is at the Occidental. He was
with his regiment here and at Honolulu,
but has been on sick leave for the past
four months. He has been seriously ill
with typhoid fever, but has fully recov
ered and will join his company, which is
now at Manila. He will leave on the next
transport which leaves for the Philip
pines.
A . Witness Wanted.
When the case of Harry L. Leighton
the bellboy in the Palace Hotel, charged
with robbing Ethel Hall last Sunday
night, was called in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday the girl failed to appear, and a
bench warrant was issued for her arrest.
It is supposed she has gone to her home
in San Jose. The case has been continued."
An Oakland Insolvent.
Bassett Brothers of Oakland filed a peti
'< tion in insolvency yesterday in the United
! States District Court. Liabilities $24,647
i assets $23,485.
L. H. Brasher, railway brakeman, filed
i a petition stating his liabilities at $757.
SCISSORS ARE
EMPLOYED TO
HIDE EVIDENCE
A Murdered Man's
Coat Mutilated.
MORGUE OFFICIALS BLAMED
PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION
OF DANIEL SCATENA.
The Testimony of Dr. Zabala, Au
topsy Physician, Leads to Ad
verse Criticism by the
Police.
The preliminary examination of Daniel
Scatena. charged with the murder of his
partner, S. Brancoli, In their fruit store
on Larkin street, was commenced before
Judge Graham yesterday afternoon. Pros
ecuting Attorney Carpenter conducted the
! case for the people, and Attorneys Devoto
! and Demartinf represented the defendant.
The witnesses examined for the prose
! cution were O. Brancoli, Frank Tompkln
! son, D. McSweeney, Mrs. Elsie Willen
brick, Daniel Lyons and Detective Wren.
The evidence was practically the same as
given at the Coroner's inquest. Tompkin
son, the boy employed in the store, saw
two of the shots fired. Scatena came to
him after the shooting and said that
Brancoli had a knife, and the boy, being
frightened, did not contradict him. Yes
terday he testified that Brancoli had noth
ing in his hand. Mrs. Willenbrick also
saw two shots fired, and saw Brancoli
turning around toward Scatena just be
fore the shots were tired. McSweeney tes
tified that he heard the three shot.-, Ihe
first had a muffled sound and the others
two sounded clearer. Scatena told him
that the man who fired the shots had run
a The' theory of the prosecution is that
after the quarrel between Scatena ana
Brancoli the latter turned to leave in
store, when Scatena placed the moh
against his back and fired the first shot.
Brancoli straightened himself up as he
wheeled around, and the other two shots
were then tired at him. According to thi*
! theory the murder was deliberate and
I self-defense could not be established.
i Dr. Zabala, the autopsy physician, was
1 also a witness and his testimony sur
! prised the prosecution. At the inquest he
I testified that the cause of death was hem
orrhage following a gunshot wound. Yes
terday he testified that there were two
wounds. In one Instance the bullet had
entered the back, ranged upward and
came out at the left shoulder and was
the cause of death. The other had en
tered the right breast and lodged in the
chest cavity, where he found it.
The coat worn by Brancoli at the time
of the shooting was produced in court and
"it was in a mutilated .condition. The lin
i ings where the bullet in the back had en
i tered, had been clipped away with a pair
iof scissors removing all traces of tne
powder marks and burns.' The importance
of this evidence is shown by. the fact that
witnesses for the prosecution all testified
that Brancoli's coat was burning at the
back when they saw him. A portion of
the front of the coat had also been cut
Iwav The mutilation of the garment had
been made at the Morgue, but for what
purpose is not known. The matter will be
investigated, as there was apparently an
attempt on the part of some one to de
stroT an imnortant link in the chain of
evidence. The prosecution also contends
that three bullets entered Brancoli's body,
and they base their contention on the con
dition of the bullet holes in the coat.
The one in the back is not disputed, but
in regard to the other two there Is evi
dence that the autopsy physician maybe
wrong in his diagnosis that the bullet en
tering the back ranged upward and came
out at the left shoulder. There are dis
tinct powder burns on the left lapel of the
coat, and the inner part of the cloth Is
ragged, showing that a bullet made its
entrance there, and not its exit. On the
right lapel of the coat there are similar
marks, but the burns are not so distinct.
It is therefore supposed that three bullets
entered Brancoli's body, but the autopsy
physician was only able to find one. It is
also supposed that as each shot was fired
Brancoli was backing away from Scatena.
which would account for the difference in
the condition of the powder burns.
After the case for the prosecution was
all in the defense asked for a continuance
till to-day to consider whether they
would bring forward any witnesses.
Mission at St. John's Church.
Fathers Wvman and MaeCorry of St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church will open a mis
sion in St. John's Church, Mission road,
to-morrow at the 10:30 a. m. mass. The
mission will last two weeks the first of
which will be for women and the second
for men. During the two weeks the fol
lowing services will be held daily: 5 a_m..
mass and Instruction; 9 a. m.. mass and
instruction; 7:30 p. m.. Instruction, rosary,
sermon and benediction.
Townsend's peanut taffy, best in world.*
Every traveler and visitor should call
and see Townsend's display of California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb, in fire etched boxes.
627 Market St.. Palace Hotel Building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's* , 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Jonathan Norcross, who died at Atlanta
the other day. was an abolitionist from
Maine and settled in Atlanta sixty years
ago He was the Republican nominee for
Governor of Georgia in IST*, when he
originated the Lily-White idea, which has
divided the white and black Republicans
ever since. ; .-T : . ; -'
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
office, 6-8 Market st. W> ■
■ ♦ ■
Remove the causes that make your hair lifeless
and gray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
-tKcoKNs, the best cure far corns, 15 3J_
Persons afflicted with dyspepsia, diarrhoea or
colic will find immediate relief and sure cure
in Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
The oldest singing master in the world
Is Manuel Garcia of Paris, who, at the
ripe age of 04, still gives lessons in the
art In which he was once so successful.
He is the oldest and only surviving broth
er of Mme. Mali bran, whose name is pre
eminent in the musical history of the first
half of the century.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROYAL BAKINO POWDER CO.. HEW YORK. :-GAMBLERS CONFER
WITH SAM RAINEY
Bookmakers Resort to Desper
ate Measures to Defeat the
New Ordinance.
Supervisors Declare That the Evil Must
Be Destroyed in This City
at Once.
The gamblers of Ingleside have over
reached themselves. When they boasted
that they could corrupt the Board of Su
pervisors as they had bought former mv
. nlclpal authorities they called forth a
storm of just indignation. The Supervis
ors declare, without exception, that full
justice shall be done to the people of the
city, and that no technical subterfuge
shall prevent the operation of the law,
which has been Introduced and will be
adopted, to kill the evil which is corrupt
ing San Francisco.
Before the gamblers made their boast
that the present Board of Supervisors
could be influenced there was a disposi
tion on the part of a minority to restrict
the evil of Ingleside rather than destroy
it. The assertion of the gamblers that
they would win their disreputable fight
■ by dishonorable means has had the wel
come effect of crystallizingsentlment upon
one purpose. The Supervisors are deter
mined now to kill the evil of the race
course in this city rather than temporize
with it.
When the gamblers of the racecourse
began their struggle to save Ingleside
from' municipal interference they knew
that they had the best elements of the
city to battle against. Men and women
of . cry class in the community were
arrayed against the racecourse. They j
needed only the inspiration of an official
action to unite and work. The track and ;
its attendant evils had done such incal
culable harm to San Francisco that all
classes were eager to begin a crusade of
suppression. The gamblers thoroughly
understood this fact and they chose what I
they thought to be their craftiest subter- ;
■ fuge.
They declared that they were uncon- 1
cerned over the action of the Supervisors, j
The municipal authorities could do what i
they pleased, so the gamblers of the race- !
course announced. They said they would
go, bag and baggage, to Oakland, where
they would ply their disreputable trade
a? allies and confederates of the Alameda
gamblers. This assertion was made and j
advanced simply as a trick. The Ingle
side contingent at that very time were :
scheming to destroy legislation that had j
been enacted against them.
Conferences were held and several ay- j
enues toward success were suggested.
1 The gamblers determined to buy immu
-1 nity, as they claim they have bought it j
before from the authorities of San
I Francisco. Profess! bribers were con- j
' suited and a plan of campaign was out
.lined. It is known that several of the \
most notorious manipulators of Ingleside
met and conferred with Sam Rainey at
the Palace Hotel. The purpose of the •
conference Is patent. The meeting took
:>!ace after the Board of Supervisors
passed theirprohlbitory resolution Monday
night. The gamblers had only one object
ln consulting the politician and middle
man.
Not satisfied with this endeavor, and
determined to leave undone nothing that !
might contribute toward success, the
gamblers of ingleside consulted Chris
Buckley. The Call has exposed the mean
ing of this meeting. A public duty de- ;
manded a plain statement of facts. The i
I result was not unexpected. The expose of .
the'gamblers' scheme cheated the manip- j
lajors of success. The Board of Super- j
visors was justly indignant and the peo
ple of the city were made aware of the
plot that had oeen batched by the mas
ters of the racecourse. The Supervisors
declare tnat no "golden eloquence" will
have power to interrupt the course of the
legislation that means so much for the j
welfare of San Francisco. i
Having failed in two of their plans the
racing blacklegs have advanced another.
hey declare that the prohibitory legisla- j
tion aimed against their criminal practices
is designed to aid a project for the estab
lishment of a. race course In San Mateo
county. It is said that bookmaking and
noolselling are to be placed under the
C a - in San Francisco in order that a pro
i-cted race course in San Mateo County
may have a clear field for the patronage
of the deluded men and women who are
reaping now a harvest of shame and dis
tress at Ingleside. It is asserted that A.
j. "spreckels Is Interested In this phan
tom" project of San Mateo County, and
that the Supervisors of this city have
come to his support.
Mr Spreckels denounces this assertion
unces this assertion
as an unqualified falsehood uttered by
the horse gamblers to aid them In their
disreputable cause. "I have in San Mateo
County." said Mr. Spreckels last night,
"no property interests that are affected
by the new ordinance of the Supervisors, ;
i "have never considered the idea of build
ing a iace track In San Matec County or j
In any other county, and have not the re- j
motest thought of doing so. I am con- j
cerned neither in coursing nor racing in
San Mateo or anywhere else, and any as
sertion to the contrary is untrue."
It is probable that the racing gamblers
will- concoct some new scheme before
Monday to bolster their declining cause.
They will do their utmost to secure the
postponement of a final vote by the Su
pervisors; to secure a reference of the ,
■resolution to a committee, or In any way
to smother and finally kill the ordinance.
It is extremely unlikely, however, that |
th.o Supervisors will give a listening ear
to the gamblers. The majority are still ;
n unit In favor of the proposed law. Every |
I A Notable Book
On the War.
IN CUBA WITH SHAFTER
. By LIEUT.-COL. J. D. MILEY
Chief-of-Staff under Shafter.
With. 12 portraits and _ maps from
official sources.
12 mo 228 pp. $1.50.'
Colonel Miley was General Shat-
ter's Chief of Staff during the
Santiago Campaign. His book Is
an authoritative description, from
the headquarters point of view,
cf the difficulties and obstacles
which the United States troops
encountered and of how they were
overcome. His narrative will un-
doubtedly be accepted as the au-
thorized presentation of the cam-
paign. These pages set vividly be-
fore us the scene at Santiago, as
.well as for the first time recount
those details Of the expedition
which not only furnish a descrip-
tion, but also make possible a just
estimate of It.
CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS
Publishers. New York.
effort to break them down has made them
more firmly set In their purpose. An in
terview with Supervisor Collins is typi
cal of the opinions of the majority of the
board.
"I voted for the total abolition of the
pool-selling at Ingleside and elsewhere In
this county." he said yesterday, "and will
so vote next Monday. I think nobody can
get away from the fact that the whole
sale betting on races as is done at the
present time is working an awful injury
to the public. Old and young of both
sexes have caught the craze to an alarm
ing extent and are wild to wager their
money. Jt Is time to call a halt to this
species of gambling that is driving so
many to ruin. 'Following the ponies,' as
I believe it is called, is rushing a large
number of young men and boys toward
crime. I believe, and I feel that upon
this Board of Supervisors devolves the
duty to abolish horseracing.
"As for those vile places in the back
streets of this city known as 'pool rooms.'
I am for their total extinction first, last
and all the time, now and forever. I
would not dare to show my face in public
if I voted for anything short of the com
plete abolition of such disreputable
places. They are frequented and support
ed principally by men who never nave
more than a dollar in their pocket at one
time, and by boys whose capital seldom
reaches more than 25 cents. So upon these
poor patrons the pool rooms live.
"I don't think there will be any change
In the vote next Monday, for I believe a
good majority of the board, if not all of
the members, are determined to abolish
the whole business altogether. However,
I suppose the racing people will move
down into San Mateo County, but we will
at least settle the matter here."
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Carpenters' "Onions Are Booming and
Cigar-Makers Seeking Assistance.
At the meeting of the Labor Council
'last night all unions with the exception
of the Glass Blowers made the discourag
ing report that work was dull. All have
appointed committees to aid the cigar
makers in their fight for the supremacy
of blue label cigars. This fight practi
cally means the life or death of the In
ternational Cigar Makers' Union, and
great interest is being taken in it
throughout the country.
The carpenters reported that unusual
efforts are being made to augment the
membership of local carpenters' unions.
The charters have been reopened and
mass meetings are being held at regulat
Intervals. The next meeting will be held
in Scottish Hall on the 21st inst. Speeches
will be made by prominent labor workers
and the meeting will conclude with an
entertainment and dance. A committee,
consisting of J. McAuliffe, W. J. Mac
arthur, Fred Westeott, I). Daggett and
M. Monahon, was appointed to represent
the council at this meeting.
Charles R. Gracier was received as a
delegate from the Webb Pressmen's
Union:
At the meeting of Carpenters' Union
No. 22 last night twenty-eight new mem
bers took the obligation and a number of
applications for membership was re
ceived.
Town Talk.
The half-tones in Town Talk, out to
day, are a special feature, and are most
attractive, stage and society stars being
pictured. Amateur Sport and World of
Law are particularly readable, as they
bristle with personalities. Eight pages of
exclusive club, society and political chat
are contributed by The Saunterer, who
discusses "Manny" Heller and the new
engagements and weddings. Charlie Ul
rieh's latest play. W. W. Beloin's New
York experience and other lively topics.
The stage and dramatic criticisms are
enforced by a special article by Willard
Batehelder. •
» Populists in Trouble.
A. B. Kinne, who was an aspirant for
Congressional honors on the Populist tick
et, swore to a complaint in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday for the arrest of
George A. Clough on a charge of misde
meanor embezzlement. Kinne alleges that
on March 8 Clough Illegally secured pos
session of the minute book of the execu
tive committee of the county committee
of the People's party and refuses to de
liver it up.
i Mrs. S. R. Hall, 10 Kearny. Opening of
| our beautiful Imported hats to-day. •
"DEGRADING AND RUINOUS."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. MARCH 11, 1899.
UNITED LABOR AGAIN RAISES
ITS YOKE AGAINST THE TRACK
§ Resolved by the San Francisco Labor Council in regular session %
» assembled, That the secretary of this body be instructed to write g
j£ a letter to the Board of Supervisors commending its action in pass- c ;
H ing to print a resolution calculated to put a stop to the open gam- £>
£• bling on horseraces. &
§The foregoing resolution was unanimously adopted at the meeting of the £
•3 Labor Council last night: : : • i$
& Thursday night the Building Trades Council openly condemned the race- £>
« track's notorious adjuncts, the bookmaker's stand and the city poolrooms. 55
« Last night the other central labor body took a similar but stronger action. o
<0> The matter was first called to the attention of the council by Walter Goff »3
£8 of Carpenters' Union 453. He made a brief speech in which he mentioned g
3 the action of the Supervisors as most commendable, and suggested that the g
*° council, as a representative body of workingmen, take some action. c 9
8 Mr. Goff was followed by Walter J. Macarthur of the Coast Seamen's £
g Union. Mr. Macarthur briefly mentioned the evils of the racetrack, and c.
g supplemented his remarks with the introduction of the resolution and moved »
« its adoption. It was seconded by M. Monahon of the Typographical Union. |?
£• One delegate after another took the floor. All expressed themselves as unal- O
8 terably opposed to horse racing as at present conducted in this city, and ex- «!
S3 pressed the hope that It would one day be a thing of the past and could be *?
P looked upon as a horrible nightmare. There was a little objection to the reso- *»
** lution, some of the members thinking that it was not a proper matter for \*
P the council to consider. Messrs. Macarthur, Phillips and Rosenberg an- g
•" swered these objections. They said that the Supervisors were elected by &
3 the people. The council represented the working people and had a perfect £
$ right to express Its approval of any good action taken by the Supervisors, ™
oS "Why," said Mr. Macarthur, "for all you know your wives and children £>
rt may be spending your hard-earned dollars unknown to you In the pool rooms |*
2* or at the track. The political influence of the gamblers in this city to-day P
P is strong. They try to control everybody. Now, suppose the Supervisors 8?
*5 find the great mass of gamblers, touts and toughs are opposed to this meas- v
« ure and do not hear a word from the decent citizens, what will -be the result? *3
# Everything will be one-sided and naturally they wilt fail finally to pass this §
8? measure. 1 believe It Is a good one and I also believe it is our plain duty to go g
*~ on record In this matter." %*
*p Other members followed Mr. Macarthur on similar lines and when the }_.
_• question was finally put to vote there was hardly a dissenting voice. Those ii
$ voting in the negative afterward explained their action by saying that they P
g» were opposed to the evils of the pool rooms and book-makers' stands, but S3
P thought the council should confine Itself strictly to labor matters. »
__0!*0!iO?iO:SiO?20: SS » S_CBSKB«BB3_B CBttBS_CBKKESK~S OSS» 88 O sxxsso^assm
SOUSA VS. WAGNER
A Novel Concert at the
California.
THE music of Richard Wagner is
hardly as popular as that of John
Philip Sousa, judging from the mod
erate sized audience that turned out
for the Wagner programme last night and
the tremendous advance sale for to-night,
when an exclusively Sousa programme ;
will be played. Still. Wagner in his own ;
! little way is not an uninteresting com
poser and last night in the California Mr. :
• Sousa stopped acting long enough to give
! excellent readings from many of the .
' master's music dramas. After each Wag
j ncr excerpt there was an encore, some
! times two or three, usually a Sousa
march or something of equal lightness
and dash. So there was music to please
everybody— the long haired and the short.
Mr. Sousa danced, pranced and gestic
ulated as usual in the light music. His
personal capers have become a part of the
Sousa marches. We all watch and wait
for them-that Is, all of us except the
bandsmen themselves, who seem to make
a specialty of looking the other way and
blowing straight ahead in legitimate busi
ness-like fashion. But In the Wagner
music Mr. Sousa did not beat the air in
vain and wonderful diagrams. He em
ployed none of his secret signals and wig
wagged not a bit. He directed with mod
! eration and dignity, and drew from that \
! perfect band of his a thrilling perform- '_
'■ ance of the "Gotterdammerung" funeral ,
: march, of the procession of the Knights
of the Holy Grail In "Parsifal" and of
the "Tannhauser" overture. Not since ,
the old days when John Philip played at
the Midwinter Fair have we heard such
good Wagner on a wind band. Miss
Maud Reese Davis sang "Elsa's Dream, .
' from "Lohengrin," in a nice, cool, in
; genue wav, and Miss Dorothy Hoyle gave
another example of her excellent violin
playing In the Wilhelmj arrangement of j
the "Prize Song." Altogether the concert .
I was unique and entertaining. There will
i be a bigger crowd at the matinee to-day ;
i to hear the "ballroom and dancing class
i programme," and a still bigger crowd to
! night for the "nothing but Sousa. fb.
All the Way From St. Louis.
President Kohler, of the Columbus Brewery,
and family, dined at the Zf.nkand the other
evening. __
■•. — » ♦ » ■
Bincon's Delegates.
Rlncon Parlor, Native Sons of the Gold
en west has elected the following named
ob delegates to the next session of the
Grand Parlor: John F. Finn, W. J. Wynn,
L F Seracona and F. E. Wallace; alter
nated—Judge E. P. Mogan, E. P. Donno
van T II Vivian and W. H. Growney.
"Arabella, Tell a Fellah," a fine new
song, by George Evans, "the honey
boy," has just been Issued by Mauvais,
769 Market street. *
Ladies of the Maccabees.
The first State Convention of the Ladies
of the Maccabees of California will be
held in this city on the 17th Inst, in
Golden Gate Hall for the purpose of elect-
I Ing the State's representatives to the Su
j preme Hive, which holds Its session in
I Port Huron, Mich., in July next. The
convention has been called by Mrs. Eu
! docia S. Moffat, the State commander.
The headquarters will be at the Lick
House. On the evening of the day named
there is to be an exemplification of the
work, and that will be followed by a ban
quet. The next day there will be a school
of methods in the parlors of the Lick
House.
Quick Trip From Alaska.
The codlishlng schooner Winchester
i made the run from Sannak, one of the
j Aleutian Islands, Alaska, to San Fran
; Cisco in the remarkably short time of
twelve days. She left this port on Jan
, vary 3 last, bound for Sannak, and made
i the run to the Shumagin Islands in twen
j ty-one days. Owing to strong northwest
erly gales, she had to seek anchorage at
■ Sand Point, where she remained six days
i under very stormy and alarming condi
tions, holding ground by means of three
anchors and all available chain; yet the
vessel dragged and nearly went ashore.
I As soon as the weather moderated she
proceeded to Sannak, where she arrived
! February 10. On this island the Alaska
| Codfish Company maintains two cod
fishing stations, which were in charge of
Captain Carlson, ho was the skipper of
the schooner Mary and Ida, one of the
company's fleet. The two captains re
spectively of the Winchester and Mary
and Ida started on a tramp to one of the
company's adjoining stations. Captain
Carlson was attacked with heart failure
and died on the road, where he was buried
with appropriate nautical ceremonies by
the crews of both vessels. The Win
"chester is unloading at this port a full
cargo of new codfish, and as it has been
out of the water less than a month the
fish is remarkably white, and it is prob
j ably the first time that a cargo of cod
fish has been landed in San Francisco In
• such a short time after having been taken
I from the sea. This fact makes it most
i desirable for lovers of good fish, espe
j cially those who are adhering to the re
quirements of the Lenten season. The
Winchester will sail again to the cod
fishing station of Sannak on the 15th inst.,
and is expected to return to this port
about May 1, when the San Francisco
gourmets will again have a treat of new
codfish. The Alaska Codfish Company
expects to chronicle the arrival of new
codfish every sixty days, and thus prevent
corners In the market, which we were
threatened with a few days ago.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PERFECT womanhood depends on perfect health.
\z Nature's rarest gifts of physical beauty vanish before
pain.
Sweet dispositions turn morbid and fretful. j
The possessions that win good hus- . — . — — —
bands and keep their love should be guard- DFDFFaf^mT
edby women every moment of theirlives. _r^__-_rl-r __->«_? m
The greatest menace to woman's per- WsffikU£lsk Jlf
manent happiness in life is the suffering wW%awiwm3^kV8 m
that comes from derangement of the Uafmafrnkfa
feminine organs. »» €#!#__#
Many thousands of women have realized ' — "
this too late to save their beauty, barely in time to save their
lives. Many other thousands have availed of the generous in-
vitation of Mrs. Pinkham to counsel all suffering women free
of charge.
Mrs. H. J. Garretson, Bound Brook, N. J., writes: "Dear
I_S* _._r______i-- Mrs " Pin .kham— l have been tak-
-^•^"^^-^^^^^^ ing Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
,c^p^^^^^^^^^^^|. Compound with the best results
j^^^i^^^wM^^^^^W\ and can say from my heart tliat
J^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ your medicines are wonderful.
My physician called my trouble
_^^^^_f§^lip^ /_sr %^' *%7 chronic inflammation of the left
flP^R^^^n^ll ' _£* llNvl^'r ovar y- F° r years I suffered very
W^^^^^ ___«___. Jk^iit much, but thanks to Mrs.
_fuj£|jp^ '>SE§^* 1 * vtlfik <Sl Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
W^^^^P^^^fn^wM^^ /<V^ erings will vanish."
'l^^lfv '*^ll|p^ <<4iJO?M ( LIPPF - of Lado _: a ' Ind -«
/I \ ham— For four years I
V^ could not walk across
the room without help. After giving up all hopes of recovery,
I was advised to use Eydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and wrote for special information. I began to improve .
from the first bottle, and am now fully restored to health."
D. D. FOWLER
DISINHERITS
HIS WIDOW
A Lawsuit to Engage
His Heirs.
REASON IS NOW UNKNOWN
A CONTEST TO HIS WILL IS
BEADY FOB FILING.
The Document Was Drawn Five Days
Prior to Fowler's Death and Of
fered for Probate the Day
After.
When D. D. Fowler, a well-known min
ing man, who resided at 634 Polk street,
died on the 9th Inst, he left besides many
desirable legacies a rich opportunity for
bitter litigation. This has been seized
by Ella Fowler, decedent's widow, and
ln consequence the Fowler will contest
may eventually be numbered among the
most bitter ln the annals of local litiga
tion. Mrs. Fowler was disinherited by
her husband for some unknown cause
that is, unknown to the world— when
the story comes to light during the trial
of the contest it will doubtless be dra
matically interesting.
Fowler was an old man, having passed
his seventieth year, and was worth about
$200,000. For some time before his death
he was broken in health and it is said
even unable to transact business of the
most simple character. As an instance
of this disability it is stated that a few
days before dissolution he was asked to
indorse two checks, but the pen fell from
his nerveless fingers. Thursday he be
came weaker and just as the night fell
passed away.
Yesterday morning early a document
purporting to be the last will of the de
ceased was presented for probate. It
bears date of March 5, 1899, showing that
it was drawn just four days before the
old man died, and disposes of the estate
as follows: To Lizzie Fowler, a daugh- i
ter. $.000; to another daughter, whose I
name was not mentioned, $2500; to two I
sons, F. D. and D. D. Fowler, $2500 each,
and to Mrs. William D. Farren $2500. The I
residue of the estate was left to dece
dent's children, share and share alike.
The testator's widow was cut off with
out a cent. D. Farren and E. Groeneu
dyke were named as executors.
Farren offered the will for probate and
immediately appeared before Judge Cof
fey with an application for letters of ad
ministration. William A. Beatty of the
firm of Shortridge, Beatty & Brittan, was
present, however, and contested the is
suance of the letters on the ground that
a contest to the will would shortly be
filed by the widow. The contest will set ,
forth that the document was executed un- \
der duress and the undue influence of _.r. j
and Mrs. Farren. It will also be averred
that Fowler was Insane for' some time
prior to his death and consequently un
able to make a legal will; that while in
this condition he was influenced to make
the document, and for these reasons the
dead man's widow will go into court and
battle for a portion of the wealth he left
to his children and strangers to her ex
clusion. •
According to the story of the proponents
of the will the marriage of the couple
occurred at San Rafael about sixteen
months ago and the estate Is separate
property. It is said that in the latter
part of last year the wife caused her
husband to be arrested on a charge of
Insanity and had him taken before the
Commissioners of Lunacy, who, upon ex
amination, declared him perfectly sane and
ordered his immediate release. He was i
then taken by his friends to St. Luke's
Hospital, since which time he has lived
apart from his wife.
About a month ago Mrs. Fowler, ac
cording to Attorney Hassett. represent
ing the executor, sued for support, and
three days before his death she caused
the Sheriff to forcibly break in the door
of the room where he was living at the
house of Mr. Farren and had him served
with the summons and complaint in the
suit. The family difficulties appear to
have been due to money matters entirely.
M. Burdick's Death.
Detectives Gibson, Wren and McMahon,
after careful investigation into the death
of M. Burdick, the old man from Tomales,
in the Commercial Hotel from gas, are
i satisfied 'that it was accidental and that
! there is not the slightest foundation for
1 the rumors that he was robbed. He was
I known in Tomales as a "bum," and had
I not done any work for three or four
years. Silvio Capella, saloon-keeper on
Montgomery avenue and Jackson street,
i saw the old man leave his saloon and
' ■watched him enter the Commercial Hotel
! between S and 9 o'clock on Wednesday
! night, and the night clerk in the hotel
saw him go upstairs to his bedroom.
I There was no truth in the report that two
I men were with him. All that was found
| in his trunk were an old coat, three dirty
I pairs of socks, an old pair of boots and
some shells in a cigar case.
READ THE SIGN BOARDS
Warner's Safe Cure the Victor
Among Modern Medicines.
It was once believed that a finger ring made from a coffin nail would
cure epilepsy. The tooth of a soldier who had been .killed in battle was regarded
as a remedy for toothaches. Imagine such ghastly nonsense as this parad-
ing as medical science! Tet the human mind, like the human body, must
creep before it can walk. In time men learned to reason and medicine was
put upon a rational basis. Back in the old days, some childish or disgusting
mess would have been used to relieve indigestion. Mark the progress Illus-
trated in this letter from J. E. Stockwell of Lincoln, Neb.:
"I have been badly affected with trouble of the stomach and have used
nearly all kinds of medicines and doctored with local physicians to no avail.
After being almost completely discouraged, I was advised to use Warner's
Safe Cure, which I did, and I am glad to be able to say that it is the only '
remedy that has done me any good. I have used three bottles and am
.feeling like a new man all over. I am thankful to the Warner's Safe Cure
Company for their medicine, and can recommend it cheerfully to those suf-
fering as I have suffered."
Another Instance of the victory of rational medicine is afforded by Jacob
Cramp of Birdsboro, Berks County. Pa., who wrote. May 10, 1898:
"I have taken five bottles of Warner's Safe Cure. It relieved me of the *
pain over my kidneys. When I got down I could hardly get' up again. I
did not know what was wrong with me. I could hardly do my work. I
heard of Safe Cure and thought I would try It. After taking one bottle I
felt better. lam very grateful for Warner's Safe Cure and would advise
people to try It."
Just one case more. Averett Perry, of Louisburg. N. C, says:
"I have taken only one bottle of Warner's Safe Cure and it has done me
more good than anything else I ever took. I had an aching feeling in the pit of
my stomach. I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart. I can
recommend Safe Cure as the finest medicine in the world."
Does the clear and energetic language of these men leave any doubt of
their sincerity? The stomach derangement spoken of is commonly associa-
ted with the approach of Brighfs disease. No painted Indian ever crept to
a settler's cabin more stealthily than Brighfs disease invades the body. A
dull white skin, tendency to perspire, indigestion and short breath give
warning of the enemy.
Lose neither time nor courage.' Take Warner's Safe Cure regularly, and
bear in mind that it has a record of twenty glorious years. It cures all ail-
ments of the kidneys, liver and bladder, including even the terrible disease
named for Dr. Bright. The road to health is open, If only you read the sign
board aright.
People Will Talk!
They will talk about YOU, and you can't pre- ]
vent them, if you look pale and sickly and com- ;
plain of sleeplessness, loss of memory and weak- ;
ness. Their remarks will not be always good- ;
natured, either. The world is very cruel. Why
not stop Its tongue by taking a treatment of
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
—the handy pocket Tablets that you can carry ,
with you everywhere, PERFECTO TAB- i
LETS nourish the nerves; they repair shattered
health; they revive memory; they insure sound
sleep; they give relief to the waste and drain
of vital powers, incurred by excesses or indis-
cretions of early years; they restore ambition; '■
they Impart vigor and potency to every func- '
tion and brace up the system ln men and womra ,
young and old; they give bloom to the cheeks :
and lustre to the eyes; they make you healthy !
and happy. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
i One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 52.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
, Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111.
! Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
Doctor
£S^^^k MEYERS
]?W t^Sk^A. Specialists for Men
'I ■«_« "-P^SvV ?S^J» These phi—dan, h»ve been
'RalM rs^' tgSj*'^ curing we— kneis and eim-
\\ u__. I . vSf tr -= t " i -il— lent, elnre ISSL
\Jfirjk I _i/___<j^_ Tbej have the l-rgeit and
1 \_ _ JrttK l^-— yffi^tt_-^ t * ni>lT * i Tactice * n c
y ° Fay TIU Cnred -
«XP*_\. <? t'nfortunate mm who o»n-
G§ir^l\. mX_m_— _.!£__« not Clvl ' shouI ' 1 "*' r|, ''°!' »<1-
ESTASLISH-D 17 VCANS. _ ■ A 1 FREE.
Thon»— nd« cured at borne; |
ail letter* confidential. >o Charge for Consultation. j
731 SAN I'B-iC-SCO }E'«va.er Entrance.
oooooooa cr^ OOQ
fw PALACE «-°S
% or and hotels 2
«? BAH FRM.HCIBCO. jf\
V CMM-eoted by a covered passageway. JJ <
P MOO Rooms— With Bath Attached. Q
| b All Under One Man-semen- U
! © NOTE THS PRIOSS: Q
Z European Plan. fl. OO per day and upward A
D A-aerkac Plan 8.00 per day and upward »*
|V Corr-ep&ndance Solicited. Q
LObrrVsjibndanee Solicit*-. Q
JOSff 0. BIESPA-RICK, Xaatger. Q
AAOfiOfldoaooooooo
Use _ — se 1
Use f^k se
Woodbury's fff* l^ Woodbury's
i Facial Soap, Jfck ./ Facial Cream, j
- \ —
The only preventive for pimples, blotches, I
blackheads, red! rough and oily skin. Send 10 I
; cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample ;
! each of Soap and Cream, free. JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163
State St., Chicago.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of tbs
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Javigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABKR. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
ttS Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MCMJLTY:
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oj Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hotirs9
to 3 daily; B.3o to 8:W ev'gs. Suihlkvs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential Call.oraddress
P. I-08COE. McXriiTY, .«.!>.
g«'_ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON at 2.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
LAST TIMES.
Offenbach's Mythological Work,
LA BELLE HELENE!
The proper show for '99.
Next Week — The Comedy Opera, "THE
PRETTY POACHER." Music by J. OFFEN-
BACH, Book by OSCAR WEIL.
Popular Prices 2.".c and 50c
j N. B. — A reserved seat for the matinee 25c
I Our Telephone. Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the .
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
. NEW YORE SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Repertoire, first week— March 13. ''Faust,"
Melba: March 14, "Aida." debut of Gadskl:
March IS, "La Boheme," with Melba and debut ;
of De Lussan: March 16, double bill, "Caval- i
leria Rusticana" and "I PaglianM." Gadski and
debut of Chalia; March 17. "Carmen," De Lus-
san and Gadski; March 18. matinee. "Barber of
Seville." Melba.
The sale of single seats for the first six per-
formances now progressing at the box office.
Price* of reserved seats. ■ 85, $4. 83, $2, accord-
, lac to location. ' Box aaa-s. 310.
I AMUSEMENTS.
(lf_i^&
MATINEE TO-DAY!
Charming and Exquisite
BALLROOM PROGRAMME.
TO-NIGHT!
A TREAT OF A LIFETIME.
SOUSA PROGRAMME!
The March King.
SOUSA &
AND HIS BAND
SEATS AT THEATER.
j _____
COLUMBIA
EVERY EVENING. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
BLANCHE WALSH,
i MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
AND THE
MELBOURNE McDOWELL COMPANY
IN
FANNY DAVENPORT'S PRODUCTION
Of Sardou's Great Play
LATOSCA
Next Week-FEDORA.
! Coming— The Famous Original BOSTONIANB.
I ~
MATINEE TO-DAY. SAT.. MARCH 11.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; children.
I 10c, anywhere.
j 18 GREAT NEW CARDS. ALL BITS—
* Imported Direct From Europe.
THE TWINS MARCO.
Famous Eccentrique Comiques. \
I OLA HAYDEN. Phenomenal Girl Barytone.
3 FORTUNIS BROS.. Comedy Acrobats.
NEVINS' ACROBATIC MONKEYS AND
I CLOWN BABOONS.
HAYDEN AND HETHERTON, Comedy
Sketch Artists.
Last 2 Nights of CORA TANNER and LOUIS
MASSEN. in "My Husband's Model."
THE HULINES AND THE FOUR EDDYS-
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW, SUNDAY,
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
THE LONDON LATEST FARCE HIT. .
A MAN
WITH
A PAST !
NEXT MONDAY-
"A SOCIAL HIGHWAYMAN."
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Under the Management of Holden. Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
». EVERY EVENING
DEWEY
| THE HERO OF MANILA
. AND—
OUR NEW EASTERN STOCK COMPANY.
Received nightly with the utmost enthusiasm
by crowded houses.
Prices of admission 10c. 15c, 25c. 350
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
1 ,1
CONCEPTS AND iiESOBTS.
STEEPLECHASE
CENTRAL PARS, Eighth and Market.
GO WHERE THE CROWDS GO!
Extra Attractions— Barrel of Love; Royal
; .;nd Imperial Troupe of Japanese Lady Divers
I .nil Swimmers; New Illusion; the Humaa
j Spider: Pigeon Fuse Shooting. Open Dally
I from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m. Admission. 10c, in-
tlurUng Horse, ■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON -Re-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to IS week; ti to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates la evary
room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Turpentine advanced 2c.
New Wool coming in on a dull market.
Silver firmer.
Wheat futures declined.
Parley futures still unsettled.
Oats firm and active.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Another advance in Hay.
Lima Beans still higher.
Bran scarce and in demand.
Rice unchanged.
Potatoes continue to advance.
Onions weak.
Butter and Eggs slightly lower.
Young Poultry weaker.
Fine Oranges ln light supply.
Prunes firm and wanted.
Provisions slow.
Veal and Lamb weaker.
Mutton and Pork unchanged.
Beef rather steadier.
No call for Grain Bags.
DRY GOODS BOOMING.
The New York Commercial says
"The dry goods trade is booming. : If any
proof of that statement is needed a visit among
Jobbers and manufacturers will at once furnish
It. it is almost impossible to And a merchant
who is not busy and who is not more than
satisfied with the present state of affairs.
"With the cutting-up trade spring business
Is at Its height, and the productive capacity
of most houses is overtaxed to meet the de
mand. The clothing and cloak and suit houses
have completed the hulk of their initial busi
ness, and the volume of this has been so much
larger than anticipated that they are forced
t.> place considerable duplicate orders for
piece goods at this date. Much difficulty Is
experienced in securing duplicate lots of
woolen and worsted men's wear and
dress goods in the primary market, since most
mills are now running upon fall lines. In
creased difficulty Is experienced ln obtaining
the best soiling lines of cottons and silks, be
cause of the oversold condition of mills. Ad
vanced prices are willingly paid by buyers
where desired deliveries are to be had. The
men's weai woolen, the clothing and the knit
goods trades are rent with rumors of combines,
some of which are seemingly assuming definite
shape. -The operations of' buyers are only
slightly influenced by these movements, since
they are accompanied by the statement that
the" promoters have no intention of advancing
prices of finished goods."
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial Fays:
"With a steady though only quiet demand
for about all varieties of dried fruits there is
much in the situation that indicates improve
ment. The outlook is sufficiently encouraging
to warrant holding all supplies at high figures.
Conditions are promising, though at present no
especial change is noted. There is a steady
call for at>out all varieties of California dried
fruits, and prices are held firm on all, but
aside from that the market presents no fea
tures. Prunes are meeting a fair request at
steady prices. The pool of Oregon goods holds
prices steady on them, and California- are
in such short supply that the market remains
steady, with upward tendency. Supplies on
the coast are generally small, and the market
is firm at about 3%c basis for Santa Claras
and 3t33'ic asked for outside goods. On the
spot holdings are being rapidly reduced, and
prices remain firm in consequence.
"Peaches ire firm, and there is a strong ad
vancing tendency, even though the highest
prices known in years are ruling. Holders are
not especially anxious to make sales, even at
present high rates, and movement is restrict
ed in consequence. But there is no question
about the ultimate consumption of everything
obtainable, and some dealers say there is lit
tle ieason to doubt a further Increase in prices
as spring demand increases.
"Apricots are much reduced on the spot, and
few further supplies are obtainable on the
coast from first hands. Prices are firm at
the previously reported high range, but there
are indications that they will advance In the
next few weeks. Dealers are so confident of
this that they are refusing any concessions to
influence trade, and expect to compel buyers
to pay their prices."
WEATHER REPORT.
n2«'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 10. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 24.42 26.81
Red Bluff 0.00 13.32 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 7.95 8.55
San Francisco 0.00 8.02 7.45
Fresno 0.00 3.78 3.63
San Luis Obispo Trace 7.20 5.27
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.83
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3.64
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum, 44: mean, 4?.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the Pacific
Slope from San Francisco and Carson City
north. Light rain Is falling along the Wash
ington coast. Elsewhere the weather is gen
erally clear.
The pressure has fallen decidedly over the
northwestern portion of the country, and a
storm of moderate energy Is approaching the
Washington coast.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Arizona and generally risen in other portions
of the Pacific States.
Conditions are favorable ror severe frosts to
night throughout California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 11. 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Saturday,
with light showers on the extreme northwest
coast: warmer; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; warmer;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; warmer.
Utah— cloudy; warmer Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Saturday; warmer: fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 10.— The movement of
stock prices to-day was irregular, prices gen
erally being fractionally off, while some no
table advances were recorded among the
specialties. Local traction stocks were buoy
ont on the Idea that the action of the State
Senate yesterday diminished the chance of
hostile legislation in restricting the use of
Amsterdam avenue, which would particularly
affect Third Avenue, which rose an extreme
of twelve points, while Metropluan Street Rail
way rose nearly as much. Among the other
specialties to display strength were Tobacco,
American Steel and Wire, People's Gas, Ameri
can Spirits, Standard Distributing, Consoli
dated Gas, Brooklyn Transit. ew York Air
brake, American Tinplate, Cotton Oil and Ten
nessee Coal and Iron, although the full gains
were not maintained. The railway and some
other standard stocks sagged slightly for lack
of attention. On the announcement that a divi
der..] of 1% per cent had been declared on
Union Pacific- preferred the stock eased, it
having boon previously falsely rumored on the
board that the disbursement was 2 per cent.
In the early dealings London was the princi
pal seller, while in the afternoon' selling ap
peared for both accounts on prognostications
that there would be another heavy decrease In
the surplus reserve in to-morrow's bank state
ment, but prophesies as to the bank state
ment based on the known data of Friday have
often of late proved misleading. The action
of the day's market seemed to show that the
specialties were pre-eminently In favor with
the professional element. The early dealings
were featured by an almost entirely concen
trated Interest in the highly priced stocks,
which moved in a sensational manner. The
standard stocks trailed along somewhat sympa
thetically, but soon developed a yielding ten
dency. In the late session Interest shifted In
the low priced specialties, which had not
moved proportionately with the rise in the in
dustrial division In the morning. In the last
hour's trading, following Union Pacific, the
market was of an exceptionally uninteresting
character, scarcely any Interest being mani
fested in the movement of prices. The clos
ing was dull.
Bonds moved somewhat hesitatingly to-day,
some active lines working upward, while others
yielded in sympathy with stock Influences
Total sales. $3,375, 000. United States new fours
registered advanced % in the bid price.
CLOSING STOCKS. *
Atchison 21% -t Paul 127%
Do prefd ....61 i Do prefd 169%
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 st L & St W 9%
Canada Pacific 87% Do preid 2>>%
Cent Pac 50 St P" & <mi 92
Ches & Ohio 27 | Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 171 So Pacific 34%
Chi B & Q 139% Do prefd 48
Chi & E 111 67 Texas & Pac 24%
Do prefd 118% Union Pac 45%
Chi G W 16% 1 Do prefd 78%
Chi Ind & L....... 8% U P I) & G 12%
Do prefd 44 Wabash 8%
Chi & N W 147 ! Do prefd 22%
Do prefd 191 'Wheel & L E 11%
C C C & St L.... 56%: Do prefd 62
Do prefd 96% Express Companies —
Del & Hudson — 114% Adams Ex 114
Del L & W 165% American Ex ....141
Den & Rio G 21% United States 55
Do prefd .. 72 Wells Fargo 125
Erie new '.. 14 j Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd .... 39 A Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 178 Do prefd 91%
Gt Nor prefd 185% Amn Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 5% Do prefd 40
Illinois Cent 114 Am Tobacco 197%
Lake Erie & W.... 19 | Do prefd 147
Do prefd 66 Cons Gas 220
Lake Shore 200 'Com Cable Co ....175
Louis ._ Nash.... 63% Col F & Iron 33%
Manhattan L 109% Do prefd ........ 94
Met St Ry .255% Gen Electric 118%
Mich Cent 113 Haw Coml C 0..... 79%
Minn & St L .... 53% Brooklyn R T .... 95%
Do Ist prefd .... 99 Intnl Paper 54
Mo Pacific 46% j Do prefd x_%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 39 Laclede Gas 51%
Mo X & T 13% Lead 34%
Do prefd 38% Do prefd 112%
N J Central 112% Fed Steel 51%
N X Central 135 I Do prefd , 88%
N V Chi & St L.. J3%|Nat Lin Oil 4%
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Pacific Mail 48%
Do 2d prefd —33 People's Gas 114%
Nor West 18 Pullman Pal 168
No Amer Co ...... * -< Silver Carl 69%
Vo Pacific 51% Standard R & T. 10
Ontario & W 27% Sugar 142%
Do prefd 7»1» Do prefd 115
Or R & Nay 45 TC ft Iron 47%
> Short Line .... 42% I" S Leather 6%
P_4 Coast Ist pTd. SS : Do pretd 71
Do Id prefd .... 63 |U 8 Rubber 49%
Pittsburg 180 ' Do prefd 116
Reading 21% West Union 93*4
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Aran Steel & Wire 63%
It G W 36 1 Do prefd ?104
Do prefd 75 Or Nay prefd 70
(lock Island 117 Pac Coast 4S
_t L & s F 11% Colo Southern .... 7
Do prefd 71 Do Ist prefd 52%
Do 2d prefd .... 31% Do 2d prefd .... 21%
So Railway 12 |
CLOSING BONDS.
I U S 3s 107% N" V Central lsts..
!U S new 4s reg 128%'N JC 5s 118
Do coup 128% N Carolina 6s 130
U S 4s 111% Do. 4s 100
Do coup 113% No Pac lsts 116
Do 2ds 99% Do 3a 68%
D Hss reg 112% Do 4s 103%
I Do 5s coup 112% N V CA;St L 45. .107
I District 3. 655.......117% Nor & W 6s ISO
! Ala class A 109 Northwestern c0n.148%
Do B .'10;) ■ Do deb 6s 122
Do C 100 O Nay lsts ill
! Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4., 102 O S Line 6a tr 128%
1 Do adj 4s 83 O S Line 5s tr 112
I Can So 2ds 11" Reading 4s 90 I
C & O 4%s 92% R G W lsts »5%
• Chi Term 4s 98% St L & I M con 65. 111%
1C & Ohio 5s 118 St __SF gen 65. 123
I C H & D 4i.s 104% Si P Con 161% |
1 D & R <1 lsts 1081- st P C & I* 15t5.. .120
j D & R G4s 101 ; Do 6s 119%
1 East Term lsts.... 104*1' So Ry 5s 106
I Erie Gen 4s 73 1 - ' Stand R& T 65... 86
i F W & D lsts tr.. S4*;Tenn new set 35... 98%
j Gen Elec 5s 114% Tex Pac L G 15t5. .112%
I G H & S A 6s 11l Do Rg 2ds 68%
Do 2ds 110 Union Pac 4s 104%
H&T C6s 110 UPD & G lsts.... 89
Do con 6s 110 [Wabash Ist 6s 114%
. lowa C lsts 107% Do 2ds 94%
i La new con 4s 109% W Shore 4s 113
i L & N Unl 4s 95% Va Centuries 83%
Mo Pac con 6s 118% Do deferred 8%
MX & T 2ds 67 Wis Cent lsts 68%
Do 4s 93% I Colo Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
I Chollar 33|Ontarlo 6 50
Crown Point 15|Ophir 110
Con Cal & Va 1 70 j Plymouth 10
I Deadwood 43 Quicksilver 1 75
] Gould & Curry 35 Ho prefd 500
i Hale & Norcross.. 80 Sierra Nevada 120
j Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 60
I Iron Silver 67 j I'nion Con 50
I Mexican 65 1 Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Westingh Elec 49%
Call loans 3 @3%l Do prefd 63
I Time loans 3%@4 Ed Elec Tel 200
Stocks— ]Atch prefd 61
j Atch Top & St Fe. 21% ; Bonds—
| Amer Sugar 142% Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 115 ■ Mining Shares—
Bay State Gas 1 9-15 All-. Mm Co 11
Bell Tel 340 Atlantic 34
Boston & Albany.. 24s Boston & Mont 371
Boston & Maine. ..170% Butte & 805t0n.... 89
Boston L 87 j Calumet & Hec1a..760
Chi Bur & Q 139 [Centennial 52%
1 Fltchburg 114% Franklin 24',.
Gen Electric 118 Old Dominion 40%
: Federal Steel 51% Osceola 92
Do prefd 8s IQuincy 165
Mexican Central... 6% Tamarack 235
Old Colony 201 Wolverine 47
Or Short Line 41% Parrott 47%
Rubber 50 Humboldt 2%
Union Pac 45% [Adventure 14%
West End 94 (Union Land 8
Do prefd 112 Winona 17%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 10.— The Commercial
Advertiser's financial correspondent cables:
The markets here were better in tone to-day
: on the Russian surrender, except in Americans.
i which opened dull under par. St. Paul was
j flat. The dividend is regarded as disappoint- I
' ing. The market sagged until the afternoon. |
I when it hardened slightly on New York buy- -
ing. The close was heavy at the bottom.
I Spanish fours were strong at 57% on talk ,
lof a funding scheme. The price is wildly I
tipped for 80. i
\ Coppers were good. Anacondas were 9%: j
I Tintos unchanged: Utahs, 9%; Bostons, 2%.
i Money was strong on the settlement demand.
• The bank loaned, a million.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, March 10.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Although the
volume of transactions at the Stock Exchange
1 this week suffers by comparison with recent
ones there was In the main renewed exhibition
I of bullish speculation, which, however, had
, many signs of manipulative origin. The an
: thracite coal stocks were the chief features
i and the objects of the principal activity on the
, part of the large interests, and while some
of the industrials and specialties were promi-
I nent in the trading the standard railroad stocks
i seemed to be comparatively neglected. In
: de.-ci. while realizing sales became more abun
j dant as the week drew to its close, the pro
cess was somewhat accelerated on Thursday by
' the fact that the St. Paul directors on that
1 day made no change in the half-yearly divi
dend rate of 2% per cent and that indications
i were considered unfavorable to any increase of |
• the 1% per cent semi-annual rate on Union Pa
cific preferred. It might be observed, how- J
ever, that on Wednesday last the absence of j
i any change in the American Sugar Company's
■ dividend— the directors declaring the usual 3
per cent on the quarter on the common stock —
temporarily postponed the tendency to liquidate
; and in the opinion of the street at large
checked a disposition on the part of the in
dustrial stocks to break, which it was expected
I would ensue had the Sugar dividend been
I passed or even reduced. As already Indicated
professional leadership was responsible for the
more important movements in the list, and
though there were reports that the sharp up
ward spurt In the coal stocks was encouraged
by powerful Inside interests, who based their
action on the pending announcement of im
portant deals in connection with the anthra
cite trade and the corporations engaged in It,
there was ample ground on which to form the
' conclusion that operations by manipulative
; operators were even more effective. The part
1 which the public, acting through commission
. houses, has played in the movement has been
one of decreased importance. judging from the
activity of such interests, though there is no
apparent disposition to liquidate and profit
taking sales are conducted so leisurely that
the bear traders met with comparatively little
I success in hammering prices. > London's Inter
est In our market has been confined to a few
specialties.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK. March 10.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say: Industrial and trade activity
; Is still a prominent feature of the general bust
; ness situation. Price strength, too, .is notable,
1 especially in view of the midwinter rise of Feb-
I ruary, except ln the case of the leading cereals
j and wool. In manufacturing lines the situa-
I tion is one of great activity. Additional ad
; vances ln wages announced this week eeem
j likely to swell the number of workers whose
I wages are reported advanced to close to 175,
--000. The Iron and steel trade Is still excited
by a feverish demand, inadequate supplies and
further advances in quotations. Shut-downs
for repairs and other reasons have reduced the
pig Iron output materially and current pro
duction is said to be considerably below that
: of January 1. The number of old furnaces be
; Ing furnished up and put in operation Is stead
■ ily increasing, but the effect as yet in pro
duction is not very marked. An easier ten
-1 dency in wool Is one of the disappointing feat
j ures of the week, the outgrowth particularly
I of unsatisfactory demand for men's wear goods,
j but also a reflection of reports of projected
I combinations in the finished goods trade.
Lumber Is active at most markets, and prices
are firm because of well cleaned up stocks. Raw
and refined sugar have alike moved upward, j
partly because of unfavorable Cuban crop ad
vices and also in sympathy with the improve- I
ment going on In European beet markets. Re
fined has been marked up, notwithstanding the
trade war now going on. Wheat is weaker,
notwithstanding crop damage reports, oriel other
cereals are in sympathy, chiefly because of the
growth of bearish views of supplies held by
farmers and a. tendency to discount the gener
ally expected heavy Government estimates of
wheat In farmers' hands.
Reports from leading markets East and West
are of an active spring jobbing demand, par
ticularly for dry goods, but shared ln by
clothing, shoes and other staples. On the Pa
cific Coast business is fairly good except at San
Francisco, - where general trade Is below the
average, owing to uncertainty regarding the
crops.
Wheat, including flour shipments for the week
aggregated 4,398,821 bushels against 5,815,585
! bushels last week: 4.484.761 bushels in the cor
responding week of 1898; 1,589,482 bushels In 1897
--2,401,209 bushels in 1896 and 2.791,416 bushels ln
1895.
Since July 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 173.111.755 bushels against 168,941,514
bushels last year.
Business failures this week number 177, as
compared with ISO last week; 247 in this week
a year ago; 227 in 1897, 282 in 1896 and 262 in
1895.
' Failures for the week in the Dominion of
Canada number 37, as aginst 37 last week 31
in this week a year ago. 56 in 1897. 68 in 1896. !
and 39 In 1895.
KIN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, March 10.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
By far the best assurance of good business
in the future Is found in the good advances
of wages. The general rise in the earnings
of the cotton mill operatives, in most cases
10 per cent, and of Iron and steel workers,
generally 10 per cent, and tin plate and sheet
workers from 5 to 10 per cent, and of coal
miners in some large districts about as much,
has set a pace which most establishments will
follow which have reduced wages in the past
years of depression. Those who fall to com
prehend what such a change may mean have
only to consider that a 10 per cent increase In
the wages of all labor would put into the
markets a new buying demand. In amount
equal to about three-quarters of the entire
value of exports to all countries. The volume
of business shows no signs of decrease, and
lor - tha first full ■ week -of March baa been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.I., SATURDAY, IVIARCH 11. 1899.
about 51.7 per cent greater than the same
week Of Inst year and 61.7 per cent greater
than In the same week of last year, and 60.9
per cent greater than In 1892.
Most people would not expect | the produc
tion of pigiron to be affected by the weather.
Yet in the Pittsburg district alone the fur
naces running are said to have produced 13,000
tons per week ' less • than their January out
put, so that the decrease In weekly produc
tion of all furnaces, 228,191 tons, March 1,
against 237,639 February 1. does not mean
anything more than bad weather. The shrink
age of supplies of Iron In February. Just when
increased supplies were expected and needed,
contributed much to the extraordinary advance
In prices, $2 75 In anthracite No. 1 February 1,
$2 50 In bessemer pig at Pittsburg, and $2 75
In gray forge. The unsold stocks also re
duced In February 46.431 tons, so that the ap
parent consumption was 977.979 tons in the
short month. Nearly all the work done, of
course, is at the comparatively low prices made
tn the great contracts three to four months
ago, but the few works which are still able to
' contract for early delivery are charging about
] what they please, and these quotations appear
in the published statements. In 'many cases
1 $1 to $5 per ton premium Is paid for delivery
! within sixty days. Plates are in special de
' mand and higher, but In - rails, bars and
structural forms the demand and prices are
1 not yet much changed. Tin is firm at $23 85,
I with a Consumption Of 2600 tons monthly, and
copper is scarce for spot at $17 75, with lead
j weaker at $4 'M. The trust refuses quotations
1 for tin plates. The demand for coke exceeds
the transporting capacity for the Connellsvllle
I region, but the output has been 168,679 tons
for the week, furnace being quoted at $1 60
, and foundry at $2 per ton.
The woolen manufacturer has been hampered
by doubts about the price of wool. Now a big
combination of worsted producers has been
I formed, with several other combinations pro
posed in goods of other kinds, but these do
not encourage buying and the season continues
I disappointing. In wool niantets the sales are
barely equal to the ordinary consumption of
| the mills dependent upon them and the prices
are rather weak
Exports of wheat do not yet fall below last
year's as many have for pome montns ex
pected, and Atlantic exports, flour included,
> have been for the week 3,390,402 bushels,
against 2,890,879 last year, and Pacific exports
603.107 bushels, again .t 1,280,618 last year, with
other exports of 407,669 bushels. Western re
; ceipts were 4,071,017 bushels, against 2.752,918
I lor the same week last year, and the output
from the country goes far to check appre
hension as to deficiency of the crop. The
price is about 2c lower for spot.
Failures for the week have been 182 In the
United States, against 248 last year, and 37
: | ln Canada, against 36 last year.
, BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, March 10— The following table,,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
i I lugs at the principal cities for the week ended
1 March 10, with the percentage of Increase and
1 j decrease, as compared with the correspond
-1 Ing week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
! New York $1,260,042,578 61.6 ....
Boston ' 128,904,085 22.4
Chicago 142.987.192 46.4
Philadelphia 99.374.367 45.3 ....
St. Louis 32.495,682 15.6 ....
Pittsburg 35.811.195 99.3
Baltimore 84.189,128 114.0
San Francisco...... 19.392.381 23.6
Cincinnati 13,720.300 15.2
'■ Kansas City 10,882.115 8.0
I New Orleans 9.394,399 10.5
I Minneapolis 8.872,078 31.9
; Detroit 7.874,410 15.7
j Cleveland 9.110.050 27.1 ....
Louisville 7,628.483 3.1 ....
•I Providence 6.115.900 23.8 ....
I Milwaukee 5,231.347 12.5 ....
I St. Paul 4,211.925 17.5 ....
I Buffalo 4,600.477 7.3
Omaha 4.440.42S .... 21.3
Indianapolis 4,498.401 3.4
j Columbus, 0 4,478,500 12.5
i Savannah 1.953.473 11.1
Denver 3.449.889 2.4
i Hartford 3,016,133 35.4 ....
I Richmond 2.978,423 22.5
Memphis 2,228.056 .... 23.6
Washington 2,458.306 17.3
I Peoria 1,996,431- 3.9
Rochester 2,692,828 73.7
New Haven 1,757,697 17. ....
I Worcester 1.544,298 14.7
I Atlanta 1,520,760
I Salt Lake City 1,786,283 5.9
j Springfield. Mass.. 1.700,171 17.3 ....
Fort Worth 1,724.702 15.3 ....
I Portland, Me 1.494.242
Portland, Or 1.646,002 11.5
I St. Joseph 2.574,984 58.4
i Los Angeles 1.829.559 4.5 ....
j Norfolk 1,076,405
I Syracuse 1,179,458 17.7
Dcs Moines 1.514.799 13.4
Nashville 1,145.294 .... 12.0
Wilmington, Del... 800,496 29.6
Fall River 892.458 19..
Scranton 939,739 21.7 ....
Grand Rapids 1,057,001 19.0 ....
Augusta, Ga 819,193 .... i.2
Lowell 685.726 19.7 ....
Dayton, O 907 990 11 1
' Seattle 1,257.657 .... 28 8
Tacoma 693.165 .... 29.2
I Spokane 1.041.480
Sioux City 1,104.346 29.8 '.'.'.'.
New Bedford 623.915 16.0 ....
Knoxvllle. Term .. 653,794 42.3 .'.'.'.
Topeka 714.461 45.1
Birmingham 566,586 8.8 ....
Wichita 483 261 2.9 ....
Binghamton 325,600 .... 6,2
Lincoln 330.621 9.6 ....
Lexington, Ky — 368,043 317
Jacksonville, Fla... 249.805
I Kalamazoo 352,429 12. '.'.".
j Akron 364,200 4.0 '..'.'.
1 Chattanooga 327.641 ■ 13 2
Rockford, 11l 344.493 6.8
Canton, 0 308.700 59.5
Springfield, 0 203.974 .... 3.3
Fargo. N. D 334.152 .... 31.5
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 153.180 19.5
Hastings, Neb 124,731 .... ....
Fremont, Neb 18.1,614 36.5 ....
Davenport 1,172.952 25.7
Toledo 1.653.172 .... 40 2
i •Galveston 6.205,450 .... 21 1
j 'Houston 5.862.269 .... 4.2
Youngstown 379.942 44.1 ....
: Macon 637,000 .... '5*3
Evansville 629.483 .... 23.0
Helena 764.56S 45\ 9
••Little Rock 373,473
j ••Springfield. 111.... 497.015 .... ....
i Totals. U. S $1,910,473,077 49.5 ~
i Totals outside of
New York 659,530,449 30.7 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
I Montreal $ 17.378.511 18.2 ....
Toronto 10.884,520 15.7 ....
! Winnipeg 1,80,3,787 26.5 '.'.".
I Halifax 1,251.827 20.3
Hamilton 732.357 3.8
St. John. N. B 581.578 8.3 '.'.'.'.
••Vancouver 436,327 ....
••Victoria 546.097 .... ....
Totals i 32,632,5*0 16.5
•Not Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
••Not included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,567 barrels; exports, 25,648. Dull, weak and
lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 11.400 bushel*; exports,
87.539. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 52%052%c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened weak and lost
all the improvement of yesterday. They were
influenced by lower cables, heavy Argentine
I shipments, higher consols and bearish Russian
news, showing considerable heaviness all day
and closed weak at %c net decline. March.
81%®82%c, closed 81% c; April, 75%©76 c; May
75075% c, closed 75% c; July, 73%©74% c, closed
73% c.
HIDES— Firm
WOOL— Firm.
BUTTER—
METALS— The chief changes scored to-day
Included an advance of 25 points in iron and
% of a point ln lead and a decline of 15 points
in tin. The market was not an active one.
though In the main showing a healthier under
i tone. The Information reaching the exchange
from abroad and West, as on yesterday, was
I not radically different from expectations. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at $10 nominal
LAKE COPPER— at $17 75 nominal.
TlN— Quiet and easier, j with $23 60 bid and
$23 60 asked.
LEAD— Strong, with $4 40 bid and $4 45 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 20 and for cop
per $18. •*,
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 25 bid and
$6 35 asked.
COFFEE— closed steady, 5 to 10
points lower. Sales, 43.200 bags. including
March, $505 05; April, $505 06: May, $5 10; July.
$5 2505 30; August. $5 40; September. $5 400
5 45; October. $5 5005 56; November, $5 55; De
cember, $3 7005 75; February. $5 8005 85: March
(1900), $5 85. Spot coffee— Rio. dull and easy;
No. 7 Invoice, 6^c; mild, quiet, barely steady;
Cordova Bft 14c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 13-32 c; molasses sugar,
3 13-16 c; refined, firm and tending upward.
BlTTEß— Receipts, 3342 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 15020 c; Elglns, 20c; factory,
120-4% c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8393 packages. Weak; West
ern, 15c; Southern. 15019 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March California dried
fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 708% c;
prime wire tray, 8%09c; choice, 9%09%c; fancy,
9%010c.
PRUNES— 4OIOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12014 c: Moorpark, 13017 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9011 c; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 10.— The dominant factor
in the early news connected with the wheat
market was the liberal quantity shipped by
Argentine this Week. There was a contro
versy over the amount, one authority, placing
It at 2,032,000 bushels, another at 1.400.000. The
majority of traders accepted the statement
quoting the larger quantity. Liverpool re
ported a slight advance to begin with, but aa
It did not correspond with the gain here yea
terday it was Ignored. May opened %®%c
lower at 71%@71%c down to 71c. and with more
sellers than . buyers at the decline. Atlantic
port exports of wheat and flour equaled 689.000
bushels. Estimates ln the visible supply varied
considerably, some looking for 500,000 bushels
and others for that much decrease. The whole
market kept in mind that the Government re
port on farm reserves would . be issued ln the
afternoon, and It waa. assumed that tha total
would be the largest ever announced. The
nearer the market got to the Issuance of the
Agricultural Bureaus estimate the weaker the
prices became. Toward the end quotations ruled
quite heavy. May gradually declined, reaching
70%0 as the session ended There were, sellers
at 70%0 when the closing signal Bounded.
Country buying and moderate i ipts helped
corn nt the start. When wheat appeared hope
lessly devoid of recuperative ability, however.
some timid holders of corn let enough; k" '"
force a sharp decline. May Closed %c lower;*
Very little business was transact. -I In "its.
The market ruled weak and lower In sympathy
with corn. May declined ! lfi V
Liquidation In pork caused a soft spot in pro
visions at the opening. Later, however, the
market steadied somewhat on free buying or
lard and an Improvement In the pre. of hogs
at the yards. May pork declined 2%(&5c and
lard and ribs are a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3— __
May 71% 71% 70% .'"i
July 70% 70% 69% 69%
Corn No. 3— .r ..
May 86% 36% 35% 35%
July 36% 36% 36% 36%
September 37 37% 36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27% 27% 27%
July 26% 25% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel - _ ....
May 9 12% 920 9 12% 9 17%
July 935 940 9 32% 9 32%
Lard, per 10«) pounds —
May 5 42% 5 42% 540 5 43%
July 5 61% 5 57% 5 62% 665
. September 566 5 67% 565 5 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
! May „ 475 4 77% 475 4 77%
I July 485 4 87% 485 4 87%
September 500 500 ________________
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
67®69%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 64068 c; No. 2 red.
70%@71%c; No. 2 corn, 34%5?35c; No. 2 oats,
27%e. No. 2 white. :i'>'4<ir.'iio. No. 3 whit". 29%
030% c; No. 2 rye, 64 %c; No. 2 barley. 42®51c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 15; Northwest, $1 19%; prime
timothy seed, $2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $9(<l>
9 05; lard, per 100 pounds. $3 27%®5 30; short
rib sides, loose. $4 5004 70: dry salted shoulders,
boxed, 4%04%0; short clear sides, boxed, $4 90
04 95; whisky, distillers' finished goods, rer
gallon, $1 26. _______
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 49.000 8.000
Corn, bushels 365,000 227,000
Oats, bushels 248.000 249,000
Rye, bushels 7.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 63,000 ' 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 145f19%c; dair
ies. 11%©_7C. Eggs, weak and lower; fresh. 13
@13% c. Cheese, steady, unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 300,000 19,980
Duluth
Milwaukee 34,631 6,300
Chicago
Toledo 14.798 19,200
St. Louis
Detroit .500 10,868
Kansas City 40,000 28,600
Totals
Sss^ZZZZZ" "iZ ':.'.'.::.
Boston 1.000
New York 118.400 87.539
Philadelphia 7.720 62.414
Baltimore 7,182
Galveston
New Orleans 17,062 108,160
Totals -73 ;—
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening 5 6% 5 7 6 6%
Closing 5 6% 5 6% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 43 30 44 on
Closing 44 30 43 90
Wheat-
Opening 10 60 20 95
Closing 20 20 20 80
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
; CHICAGO. March 10.— CATTLE— Cattle were
i In good demand at about unchanged prices.
Fancy (Trades. J. > KBS 90; choice steers. $5 40r>?
6 75; medium steers. {4 66®4 95; beef steers. J3 85
rcrt 60; stockers and feeders. $3 50^f<4 65; bulls,
$2 60@4: cows and heifers, $3 Wai: Western fed
steers. $4 2605 6.'.; Texas steers, 13 EO06; calves.
15 ."Of? 7 25.
HOGS- Hers were 2%c to 5c lower early, but
the decline was largely regained. Bulk of sales,
13 7503 35: poorest to best. hogs. S3 55(§3 80;
pips. $3 4503 60.
SHEEP— Trade in sheep was active at ad
vancing prices. Lambs moved up 15c, selling
25c higher than at any time last week, and
prime yearlings advanced at least 10c. Lambs,
14 25cff5 25, mostly above $5; sheep, $304 50,
prime lots fetching 14 60^'4 65; yearlings, 14 30
(54 SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, SO.000; sheep.
SOOO. ■ ,
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. March 10.— There was j the usual
large attendance at the wool auction sales to
day. The offerings numbered 14.166 bales and
consisted of a good selection. A small supply
of scoured merinos sold briskly at an advance
of 6 per cent. Several lota of Russian greasy
were purchased by German buyers, while the
French buyers operated freely and largely In
cross-breds. There was active competition be
tween the Yorkshire and French buyers for
South African wool, which ruled dearer. The
majority, however, was taken by the conti
nent. The home buj-ers purchased largely of
American specialties.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March Consols. 110 9-16; sliver.
27% d; French rentes, 103f 15c; wheat cargoes off
coast. nothing doing; cargoes on passage, rather
firmer: Walla Walla. 27s 7%d; English country
markets, generally 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. March 10.— WHEAT— Dull: No.
1 standard California, 6s 7d; wheat ln Paris,
easy; flour in Paris, easy; French country mar
kets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-lfid.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— dull; No. 1 red northern
spring. 6s lOd. Futures closed dull; March.
5s 6%d: May, r.s B%d; July. :,s 6%d.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed new,
3s 4Ud: old do. steady, 3s 7%d. Futures, steady;
March, 3s "»d : May, 3s 6%d; July, 3s s»_d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS,
PORTLAND. Or.. March 10.— Clearances,
$297,234: balances, $66,603.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 10.— Wheat was
easier to-day, with most of the exporters quot
ing 57(_ 1 58 c for Walla Walla, with the mills
paying 5917 ROc for valley. Blue stem was
easy at 61«62c. These prices are not bring
ing out much wheat and not much Is wanted
at anything above export values.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. March WHEAT— CIub,
5Sc; blue stem, 61® 62c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A decline at Chicago and abroad
was offset by the dry weather, so spot prices
did not change. The brokers on the call board
evidently expect a big crop, for futures de
clined.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 12%©1 15; milling.
$1 17%©1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— 4ooo ctls, $1 18%;
4000, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls,
$1 16%: 2000, $1 16%; 14.000. $1 16%. December—
2000. $1 18%; 10.000. $1 18%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2B,ooo ctls. $1 16%:
4000 $1 16%: 36,000, $1 16%. December— 2ooo,
$1 18%; 2000. $1 18%; 10, WO, $1 18%.
BARLEY— Futures opened firmer, but fell
back. ..The spot market, as usual, was un
changed. ■"• ■ ■'? ■-■ ■.-- """. •
Feed, $1 25(31 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller- '99. new
6000 ctls, $1 05%; 2000. $1 05%; 12,000. $1 06.
Second Session— Seller, 1899, new— 4ooo. $1 04%;
4000. $1 04%; 14,000, $1 04%; 2000, $1 04%; 26,000,
$1 04%.
Regular Morning Session— Seller, 1899, new—
8000 ctls, $1 04%: 12.000, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session— Seller, 1899, new— 2ooo ctls,
$1 05: 8000, $1 05%: 10.000, $1 05%.
OATS— Is a brisk interchange of goods
among the dealers on change and some lots
have been sold three times over, always at a
profit. The feeling is very firm.
Fancy Feed, $1 4001 42% per ctl: good to
choice, $1 35(51 37%: common, $1 3001 32%; Sur
prise, $1 45®1 50; Gray. $1 32%@1 37%: Milling,
$1 40 per ctl; Red, nominal; Black, nominal.
CORN— Small round Yellow. $1 25; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 1001 12%; White, $1 10; mixed,
$1 67%@1 10 per ctl: California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 101*1 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. ~.
The China steamer took out 15,385 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras $3 85(33 90; Oregon and Washington,
$303 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 26; . Oatmeal, $4 6004 75;
Oat Groats. .$4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
.wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65Q6 95; In sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay went up 50c again, making an advance
Of $2 per ton .lining the past week. The small
city dealers who have been holding off for
tracks expecting rain are DO w forced to buy
and at a large advance over what they would
have had to pay If they had followed the mar
ket right along it la useless to deny ">«.»°
that stocks of Hay are light all over the State,
and those holders who have hung on are now
reaping their profit . „,__-, , a
Bran and Middlings are unchanged. Bran l*
scarce and In lively demand from dairymen
for feed
BRAN-$20021 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2IO22 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF- — Rolled Parley, $26027 per
ton? Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 60; Job
bing, $324132 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24025, cot
Seed Meal. $28030 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 c.O
024 60;^ Cracked Corn. $24025; Mixed Feed.
1 CALIFORNIA HA- Wheat. $16 60©18 for
good to choice and $14016 for lower £»«•.
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. *M_f".
Oat $14015 75; Island Barley, $13014: Alfalfa.
$11012; Stock, $9011: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada etc.)
-Wheat and Wheal and Oat *13014; Cheat,
$11011 60: Grass Hay. $10010 50; Oat, $12013 50,
Clover. $10011; Timothy. $10 60012 per ton.
STRAW— 3OO6Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Another advance In Limns Is noted. The
other descriptions stand about the same
BEANS Bayos, $1 7501 85; Small Whites.
$2 1002 20; Large Whites. $1800190: links,
$2©2 10; Reds, $3 2503 35; Blackeye, $3 7508 80;
Butters, $2 2502 50: Llmaa, $3 : 6003 60; Pea.
$2 2802 60; Red Kidneys. $2 4003 60 per ctl.
SEEDS Brown Mustard. $4 5004 78 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 7504; Flax. $2 1502 25; Ca
nary Seed. 2%©2%0 per IT. : Alfalfa. 808Hc;
Rape. 2%ft!2»ic: Hemp. 2%03c; Timothy. 6@5%c.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 6501 70; Green. $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
A further slight advance in Potatoes is re
ported and they are very firm. Onions are
weak and unchanged. The summer Vegetables
show little change.
Receipts were 576 boxes Asparagus, 348 boxes
Rhubarb and 100 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 2501 50 per dozen.
POTATOES— $1 1001 20 per ctl for Early Rose,
$10] 10 per sack for River Burbanks: Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks, $101 18 per ctl: Oregon,
$101 25- Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and
$1 7501 85 for Merced; New Potatoes. 3c per lb.
ONIONS— SOO9Oc per ctl, outside quotation for
Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 3%04c per lb for
No 2 s©7c for No. 1 and 8c for fancy;
Rhubarb 6Ocol 2.". per box; Green Peas. 305 c;
String Beans, ■ ; Cabbage. 40©50 c: Tomatoes.
$101 50 for Los Angeles and $1 2501 75 for
Mexican: Egg Plant, per lb; Garlic. 709 c
per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers,
7012% c; Green Peppers, 30c; Corrots, 2»@35c
per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Young stock is weaker; otherwise there Is
little change. ..__._
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14016 c; live
Turkeys. 12'<! 13.- for Gobblers and 12013 c for
Hens:"Geese, per pair. $1 6001 75: Goslings. $2 25
03- Ducks. $4 5006; Hens, $4-5; young Roost
ers' $7*27 80; old Roosters, $404 50; Fryers. $60
6 50; Broilers, $505 50 for large, $3 5004 CO for
small: Pigeons, $1 5001 75 per dozen for old
and $2 2502 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, 75c0
81; Brant. $1250175; Honkers. $3 5004; Hare.
$10125: Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another %c has been taken off Butter and the
market is dull. Eggs are also weaker for the
lower grades, with Increasing sales at the in
side quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 22cj?22%c; sec
onds. 2002-C-
Dairy Choice to fancy, 13iif20c; common
grades. 16018 c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16ftl7c; pickled roll.
14016 c for dairy and 16©17 c for creamery
squares: creamery tub, 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%cg:14c per
lb: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11011% c: old. 10
©10% c; (ream Cheddar, 12«12%c; Young Amer
ica, HM.012%c; Eastern, 10012 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 13%015c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS .
Fancy Navels continue firm and ln light sup
ply. The other fruits are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c05l 25 for common, $1 5001 75 per
box for No. 1 and $202 25 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $203 per
box: Seedlings, 75c05l 50; Mandarins, $125
0 1 75; Lemons, 75c@l 60 for common and $2©
250 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, ;
California Limes. $101 25 per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 5004: Bananas, $1 2502 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Prunes continue to sell well at firm prices
and but few Santa Claras can be obtained un
der a 3%c basis.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%07c for 40-50's.
4%05c for 50-60' s. 404%e for 60-70* s. 3%03%c for
70 BO's, 2%03c for SO-90"s. 202% c for 90-100*8
and 1%ft20 for 100-110' s; Silver Prunes, 2%0
6c. Peaches. 7%08%c for good to choice; 9©9% c
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 10%©
13%0 for Royals and 14%@15c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 708 c; sun dried, 505% c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2%c: Plums, nominal,
l&l^r- for unpltted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5V for four-crown, 4%ft"6c for Seed
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts. 8©
9c for hardshell, 11012 c for softshell; Almonds.
70Sc for hardshell. 13014 c for softshell. 15017 c
for paper shell: Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and
41 ,/-..- for California: Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted. 7c; light
amber extracted. 606% c: dark, 6®5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B©B%c per lb for
heavy, B%©9c for light medium. 10%((¥llc for
light, 18c for extra light and 12%(5'13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef. $12012 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $13 60; Family Beef. $14 500
15; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%ft?3%c per lb for
compound and 7©7% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 7%ftSc; 10-lb tins. B%c: S-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%06%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 In a case. 9%c;
3 lb pails. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case v%c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins,' 1 or 2 ln a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium, 9c: light. B©B%c; Cow
hides, 8%09c; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: Culls and Brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10030 c each; short
Wool. 35060 c each: medium, 70090 c; long Wool,
BOcosl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7502 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25®50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 5002 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%03%c per lb;
No. 2. B%OSc; refined. 4%©5 c; Grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months. 7©9 c; Son Joaquin and Southern. 7
months! 809 c; Foothill and Northern free, 100
12c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9011 c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14©15 c; Nevada. 10©
12c: Eastern Oregon, 10<Jrl2c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 011
Northern Mountain 6%0 9
Southern 6 0 7%
Plains 5 © 6
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
"The Wool market seems to go from bad to
worse. There was a little wool selling last
week, but this week there Is nothing doing.
Eastern markets are reported quiet and con
siderably lower. It is hard to say what the
future will bring forth. It all hinges on the
woolen goods market, and as in former years
enough was placed for heavy weight goods in
the month of January.
"So far this year very little business has been
done in that line and the market cannot
change until manufacturers get orders for
goods. With the severe winter they have in
the East and with the small stock of heavy
woolen goods in the market, things ought to
have a different complexion. But with all raw
materials and other - industries booming all
over the United States, the wool trade Is In
this awful condition.
'•The London sales opened Tuesday with a
good attendance, with fine wools firm and
_.
strong.
"Some new wools have arrived In this mar
ket and show up pretty well considering the
dry season.
"On Saturday, the 4th inst., a meeting was
held by the California Wool Association to take
steps to have the Government open the forest
reservations for sheep on account of the
drought, especially in the southern part of the
State.
"A committee was appointed consisting of
Messrs. Jacob Woolner, B. F. Flint and E. H.
Trvon, which went to Sacramento to prevail
upon the Legislature to pass a Joint resolution
and telegraph to the President and Secretary
of the Interior, telling of the prevalence of the
drought and have the forest reservations in
this State opened for the season of 1899. ; • . -_:
"The Legislature passed a resolution and
forwarded It. and the Governor and the chair
man of the State Central Committee telegraph
ed the existing state of affairs."
HOPS— IS9B crop. 10011 c per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13015 c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Grain bags are nominal, owing to the
dry weather. Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%@5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26028 c; San Quen
tln Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
RlCE— China mixed. $4 15@4 20; -China No. 1.
$4 6004 90; extra do. $505 35; Hawaiian. $5 25©
5 37%: Japan. $4 6004 90; Louisiana. $506 50.
TURPENTINE— Is 2c higher at 66c per gal
lon In cases and 61c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net' cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, V ; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 6%c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia
A. 6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 6%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef shows more strength again, though
there Is no advance. Veal and Lamb are
weaker. Mutton and Pork are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7OBc per lb. &-■*;^'"l'*T
VEAL—Large, 6%07%c: small. 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B©B%c per lb; Ewes, Be.
LAMB— II@I2%C. ■••' • 'X ; \ - •:
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%©5% c for large. o%@
5%c for medium and 50.5% c for small; stock
Hogs. 4%©6 c; dressed Hogs, 7©9 c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, March 10.
Flour, qr sks 6.301' "Wool, bales 318
Barley, ctls 440 Hay, tons 256
Butter, ctls 316 Broom Corn, bdls 757
Cheese, ctls SO Lumber, feet 80,000
Tallow, ctls 20 1 Eggs, dor 25,650
Beans, sks 2,258 Wine, gals 81,100
Potatoes, sks 2.2301 Leather, r0115.... . 72
Onions, sks 250- Hides, no *2
Bran, sks I.l7oiPelts, bdls 155
Middlings, sks.... 70, Lime, bbls 376
Shorts, sks 137 I Paper, reams 1.000
Hops, bales 5 1 Quicksilver, flks. 92
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1,2841 Bran, sks 445
Oats, ctls 3.0 Shorts, sks 133
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter Is cheaper. Eggs and Cheese are about
the same.
Summer Vegetables continue to Increase in
quantity and prices are still going down. There
% no change in Fruits.
Poultry and seasonable Game are In suffi
cient supply at about last week's prices. Th»
same may be said of Meats, though prices at
wholesale for the latter are rather weaker.
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ 012 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60©
Wellington .. 010 00 ISouthfleld
New Welling- I Wellington 0 950
ton 01OOO|Coos 8ay.... ©7 00
Seattle 8 000 1
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, fancy, per (Cheese, Swiss 20025
square 500— [Common Eggs —015
Do, per roll 450— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 400— dozen 15020
Pickled 36040. H0ney Comb, per
Firkin, per lb 200—, lb ~ 12015
Cheese. Cal —015 Do, extracted.. .—©lo
Cheese. Eastern. ..15017 i
Meats, per It. —
Bacon 12017 Pork, fresh 12015
Beef, choice 15020 Pork, salt —012
Do, good 10012 1 Pork, chops 12015
horned Beef 100— Round Steak 12 0 —
Ham. Cal 12% ft 15 Sirloin Steak 150—
Do, Eastern —015 j Porterhouse, do. ..20025
Lard 12015 Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton 12015 Pork Sausages..
Lamb 200— ,Veal 12015
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60© 76, Ducks, each... 60© 75
Young Roost- Geese, each — 15002 00
era, each 75© 85 Pigeons, pair.. 25© 50
Old Roosters. I Rabbits, pair.. —0 40
each 500 [Hare, each — 20
Fryers, each... 600 65 Wild Geese, pr
Broilers, each. 40® 50 pair 50© —
j Turkeys, pr lb lSft> 20 1
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15020 Limes, doz 150 —
Apples, lb 6® 8 Oranges, doz 15035
Bananas, doz 15020 Raisins, Tb 5010
Lemons, doz 20@— ; Walnuts, th 12015
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z... 40065 Lettuce, dos 15025
Asparagus, lb 6012 Mushrooms, Th... .20035
Beets, doz 12015 Onions. Ib 40 5
Beans, white. Ib.. 40 5 Potatoes. Ib 20 3
Colored. lb 40 51 Do. Sweet 3© 4
Lima, tb 50— iParsnlps. doz 15020
Cabbage, each 5010 Rhubarb, pr 1b... sft ;
Cauliflowers, each 5010 1 Radishes, dz bchslOol2
Celery, bunch 50— Sage, doz bchs. ...25035
Cucumbers, per String Beans, 1b.. 25ft —
dozen 2 0002 50 j Thyme, lb 20030
Cress, doz bnch5.. 20025 Turnips, doz 15020
Green Peas, lb 6© 8 Tomatoes. Ib 15020
Lentils, lb 6© Si
Fish, per lb-
Barracuda — ©—'Shrimps 10©—
Carp 8010 Shad 60—
Codfish loft 12 Sea Bass —0—
Flounders 8010 Smelts 15^~*
Herring 40 5 Soles 12015
Halibut 12®— Skates, each 10012
Kin-fish — ft-,Tomcod 10ft 12
Mackerel — 0— Clams, gal —ft
Do. Horse 0— Do, hardshell, 100.40050
Perch — 0— Crabs, each 10015
Pompano — — Do, roftshell, d0z. 25035
Rockflsh 12015 Mussels, qt 10012
Salmon, smoked.. Oysters, Cal. 100. .40050
Salmon, fresh 15020 Do, Eastern, d0z. 25040
Sturgeon 120151
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was an active business In local securi
ties on the morning session. There were no
pronounced changes, though the sugar stocks
were firm. On the afternoon session Contra
Costa Water sold higher, but fell back, and
the sugar stocks were also easier.
Mining stocks opened firmer at prices above
those of the preceding day, but soon weakened
again, as will be seen. Trading was quiet. -
A semi-annual dividend of 4 per cent la how
payable by the London, Paris and American
Bank, making 7 per cent for the year.
The Live Oak and Mlnuett Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of 5 cents per share, delinquent April 8.
The official report from the Standard Con
solidated mine of Bodle for the week ending
March 4 states that raise 4 In the Moyle vein,
from the 150- foot level, has sixteen Inches of
fair grade ore In the top. Raise 3 above the
318 level shows forty Inches of low grade ore.
Raise 3 in No. 10 ledge shows eighteen inches
of fair grade ore, and raises 4, 5 and 7 show
twenty, sixteen and twenty-four inches wide
respectively of fair grade ore. The east cross
cut ln the Black vein, same level, has a ledge
twenty-four Inches wide in the face, mixed
with quartz and porphyry. Winze No. 1 in the
Maguire vein, below the EM-fOOt level, shows
five inches of fair ore. Good ore Is also show
ing in the raise on the 470 level. The usual
quantity of fair to good ore Is being extracted
from the stopes on the 150, 270, 318 and 582 levels,
from the Moyle, No. 10 and Fortuna veins. At
the mill 241 tons of ore were crushed during
the week; average assay vanner tailings, $12 2S;
concentrates produced, 1 2-3 tons; amalgam
produced, 2113% ounces; value per ounce, $2 94.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, March 10—4 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Contra Costa Water 64 50
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 12%
150 Hana Plantation Co 16 00
50 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 16 00
45 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 81 25
10 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25.
4.' Hutchinson S P Co 33 12%
$3000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. lls 60
$2000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. lls ',"5
10 Market-st Railway 64 50
150 Mutual Electric Light 16 87%
100 Oceanic S S Co 75 50
300 Paauhau S P Co 39 75
400 Paauhau S P Co 39 87%
350 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 12%
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 25
1000 S F Gaslight 3 50
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 115 00
165 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 62%
$2000 S P of A bonds, b 5 112 50
10 S V Water 1"2 00
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds 103 50
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds, cash 116 50
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 75
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
115 Contra Costa Water 65 00
95 Contra Costa Water '63 25
5 Contra Costa Water 65 12%
25 Contra Costa Water 64 75
■> Contra Costa Water, b 10 65 00
35 Contra Costa Water 64 87%
75 Equitable Gas 9 25
25 Hana Plantation Co 16 00
145 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 80 60
16 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
60 Paauhau S- P Co 40 25
75 Paauhau S P Co 40 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 4,1 75
SO Paauhau S P Co 40 62%
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 62%
40 S V Water 102 00 '
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water... 64 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 81 75
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 81 87%
50 Paauhau S P Co 3.1 50
100 Vigorit Powder 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Paauhau S P Co 40 23
150 Vigorit Powder 2 75
25 Mutual Electric Light ~ 15 871,4
30 S V Water 102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 19 300 Hale & Norcw. 35
300 Andes 18, 300 Justice ... 19
600 Belcher 21 400 Mexican . 74
300 Best & Belcher 55 100 Mexican ....1.. 75
500 Bullion 05 100 Potosi .... 29
600 Challenge 26 600 Sierra Nev 130
100 Chollar 39l 600 Union Con 56
200 Con Cal & V...1 Sol 100 Union Con 55
100 Con Cal & V...1 80 100 Utah ... 20
100 Crown Point... 211 900 Utah 19
Afternoon Session.
SOO Alta 16! 100 Justice 19
100 Best & Belcher 50. 100 Occidental 30
100 Challenge 23 200 Ophlr 1 05
100 Challenge 22 100 Potosi 28
200 Chollar 37 200 Standard 2 75
200 Con Cal & V...1 75 400 Union C 00...... 52
100 Gould & Curry. 40' 300 Union Con 53
100 Hale & Norcrs. 331 200 Yellow Jacket.. 22
50 Hale & Norcrs. 311 »
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Alpha Con 06. 200 Mexican 74
200 Alta ...:........ 15 200 Mexican 76
800 Andes 18 700 Mexican 77
400 Belcher 22 400 Mexican 73
600 Belcher 23 600 Mexican 74
600 Best & Belcher 57 j 800 Ophlr 112%
300 Best & Belcher 56 i 200 Ophlr 1 10
300 Best & Belcher 54: 100 Ophlr 1 07%
200 Best & Belcher 621 200 Ophir 1 05
200 Best & Belcher 511 300 Potosi 31
400 Chollar 40 500 Savage -S
500 Chollar 41 1 500 Sierra Nev 130
4"0 ('hollar 88 200 Sierra Nev 125
800 Con Cal & V...1 >>0 800 Union Con 56
200 Con Cal & V...1 75, 800 Union Con -s
700 Crown Point... 22; 400 Union C0n...... 55
500 Gould & Curry. 421 200 Union C0n...... '.
600 Gould & Curry. 4" 400 Utah 22
400 Hale & Norcrs. 33 300 Yellow Jacket.. 26
200 Hale & Norcrs. 32- 800 Yellow Jacket.. 21
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 201 600 Ophlr 105
300 Belcher 19 500 Overman 07
700 Best & Belcher 501 400 Potosi i:
1350 Con Cal & V...1 75 1 200 Sierra Nev... I 27-
-200 Gould & Curry. to 300 Union Con n
200 Justice 18 .'OO Yellow Jacket.. 22
600 Mexican 71 ■
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N . Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 10. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, MARCH 11.
Sun rises 6.25
Sun sets 6:14
Moon sets 0:00 p. m .
O Time Time Time Time
l» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
n X. XV H W I* W HXV
.
11 ... 4:41 1.0! 11:00 5.8 5:07 0.3 11:40 5 7
12... 5:30 0.6 11:52 5.6 5:46 0.8....
H XV Ii W H "VV" L XV
IS ... 0:13 5.8 6:16 0.4 12:45 5.3 6:24 1.3
14 .. 0:49 5.81 7:06 0.2 1:40 4.9 7:03! 1 j
15 ... 1:261 5.8 8:01 0.3 2:41 4.4 7:44 2.3
16 ... 2:08 .'.6! 9:01 0.4 3:51 4.1 8:30 2.8
17 ... 2:54 5.4 10:06 0.5 5:14 3.9 1 9:30 2.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of thcj
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third t da
and the last or right hand column gives; the,
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
E. Thompson... i Mar. 11
! Coos Bay (Newport IMar. 11
Columbia Portland [Mar. 11
Mlns»ola Tacoma IMar. 11
i Alliance... Oregon Ports Mar. 12 J
' Washtenaw 'Tacoma j Mar. 13 "
I Aloha Point Arena IMar. 12
Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 12
: Crescent City.. Crescent City 'Mar. 13
Samoa Humboldt .Mar. IS
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 13
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 13
Corona San Diego [Mar. 13
I Czarina Seattle Mar. 13
Del Norte 'Grays Harbor Mar. 13
Areata Coos Bay [ Mar. 14
C. Nelson IPuget Pound Mar. 14
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay Mar. 15
Orizaba ! Newport Mar. 15
Empire 'Coos Bay Mar. 15
: Fulton Portland IMar. IS
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 181
< State of Ca1.... Portland |Mar. 16 B
I Acapulco Panama Mar 16 A
Point Arena Point Arena IMar. IS *
Weeott Coos Bay Mar. 17/ "
i North Fork Humboldt Mar. Xi
China China and Japan Mar. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego 'Mar 17
Queen 'Victoria — Puget Sound i Mar. IS
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. i Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego [Mar. 11, 11 amlPier 11
Pt. Arena.. JPolnt Arena. .Mar. 11. 3 pm Pier 3
Newport ..[Alaska 'Mar. 11. 12 m Center
Walla WalliVic & Pgt Mar. 12. 10 am Pier 9
Coots Bay... (Newport Mar. 13, 9 am Pier 11
Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 13, 9 am Pier 13
Columbia ..'Portland 'Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 24
Pomona ...'Humboldt Mar. IS. 2 rm Pier 9
Corona 'San Diego Mar. 16, 11 am Pier 11
Aloha 'Point Arena.. Mar. 15. 3 Pier 2
Areata Coos Bay 'Mar. 16. 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Mar. 17. 9 am|Pler 11
Hongk'g M. [China & JapnjMar. 17. 1 pmIPMSS
Umatilla ..I Vie & Pgt Sd.'Mar. 17. 10 am j Pier 9
Acapulco ..Panama Mar. 15. 12 m'PMSS
Weeott Yaquina Bay.'Mar. 19, Spnvri-*rl3
State of Call Portland Mar. 10. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer. I
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. March 10.
Stmr Navarro, Hlggins, 15 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Cleone-
Stmr Luella, Miller, 66 hours from Crescent i
City.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. 81 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Albion, Erlckson. 17 hours from Fort
Bracg.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, 78 hours from
Tillamook.
Br ship Brenda, Thomas, 84 days from New
castle. NSW.
Bark Albert. Griffith. 14 days from Honolulu.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel. 5 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Viking, Peterson, 5 days .from Cons Bay.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, 5 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Czar, Hutman. 21 days from San Bias.
CLEARED.
Friday, March 10.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, Guaymas; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Conemaugh, Broomhead, Manila, via
Honolulu: U S Government.
Aus stmr Siam. Ralclch, Nanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons.
Stmr Thistle. Anderson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Stmr Santa Rosa, San Diego; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Brunei, Milne. Vancouver; W R
Grace & Co.
Schr Alice. Francis. Wallstedt, Unga; McCol
lum Fishing and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Friday, March 10.
Stmr Progreso. Gllboy, Seattle.
Aus stmr Siam, Ralclch. Nanaimo.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Weeott. Dunham. Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas, etc.
Stmr Noyo, hnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, Coos Bay.
Stmr West port. Hall.
Ship Louis Walsh. Gammons, Tacoma,
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen.
RETURNED.
Friday, March 16. i
Stmr Empire, Nelson, returned on account of
breaking crank shaft.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 10. 10 p Weath.r
clear; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Fort George, Martha Davis, Mauna Ala,
S G Wilder and W G Irwin load mdse for
Honolulu: Amy Turner, mdse for Hllo.
The Glory of the Seas loads coal at Departure
Bay for this port.
The Ancyra loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Callao; Levernbank, lumber on the Sound
for South Africa.
, SPOKEN.
Dec 16, lat 12 S. long 126 W— Br ship City of
Athens, from Portland, for Queenstown.
Jan 15, lat 53 S. long 51 W— Ship R D Rice,
hence Nov 9, for London.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived March 10— Schr Mabel
Gray, from San Diego. _»__»_
ASTORlA— Arrived March 10— Schr North
Bend, hence Feb 28. -;"!; _ - , ,
Sailed March 10— Br ship Port Stanley, for
Puget Sound: Br ship Norma, for Queens
town' schr Premier, for San Francisco. March
9— Br bark Castor, for Puget Sound. <__q.--_
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived March 9— Stmr
Newburg. hence March 6; stmr Signal, hence
arch i 4 • schr C A Thayer, hence March i;
schr^ Laura May. hence Feb 28; schr Fannie
Adele hence Feb 27; schr Lillebonne. hence
M Sailed ' March 9— Schr Maid of Orleans, for
San Francisco: schr Emma Utter, for San
F PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 10—
Sequoia from Fort Bragg, and sailed for .
UMPQUA— SaiIed March 11— Schr Louise, for
San Pedro; schr Sadie, for San Pedro.
» REDONDO— Arrived March 10— Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Alcatraz Island.
NEAH BAY— Passed March Bark B P Che
ney ' from Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived March 9— Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro.
* PORT LUDLOW— Arrived March 10— bark
Dominion, from Royal Roads. . <•
EASTERN ' PORTS. f|
NEW YORK— Arrived March 9— Ship Servia,
hence. Nov 23. __ ,
Tor Late Shipping See Page - Ten.RUBICON WAS
"SHOOED" IN FOR
THE HANDICAP
Rankest Fiasco of the
Season.
THE STAND PASSED IT OVER
.
JINKS SHOWED OLD - TIME
FORM.
Caldwell Fancied Carter Harrison.
Andrisa a Likely Two-Year-Old.
Thorpe in Bad — Some
Favorites Won.
The last race on the card at Ingleside
yesterday, the seven furlong handicap,
was the most palpable exhibition of
"shoo-in" seen at the Corrigan track
this season. Rubicon, whose destinies are
looked after by Danny Lynch, of Shar
\ key-Fitzsimmons fame, was the medium
of the coup. The chestnut horse, with 114
pounds on his back, was backed down
from 8 to 5 to 4 to 5, the books being
besieged with coin. Meanwhile the odds
against all of the other starters receded
in the betting. Caldwell kindly gave the
big chestnut horse an excellent send
off at the post. With the others whistling
"down brakes." Rubicon won by himself.
O'Connell taking the place from Good
Hope. It was the most disgraceful farce
seen on a track for many moons. A blind
man, with a jute sack pulled down over
his head, could scarcely have failed to see
a glimmering of "something doing." On
the back stretch. Hal Brown was pulling
Good Hope up in plain view of ail, when
the filly could easily have taken the
lead, with her light impost of 84 pounds.'
\ Possibly it was hazy and the judges
;did- not perceive this piece of work.
; O'Connell could have gone to the front,
-or attempted it. but yesterday he was
rated. At the end the sprinter was full
of run. Olinthus. was left, and Sam Mc-
Keever ran as if a racetrack was foreign
to his nature.
• The whoie affair was the joke of
the season in the betting ring. If the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club, realizing that it
is on its last legs, intends to sanc
tion safe-cracking and all other forms of
robbery, it should so inform the public.
Races could then be doped accordingly.
The sport, if such it could be termed,
flavored of the unsavory from the begin
ning. Four favorites were successful, but
that is no indication of honesty. There
is one rider on whom the California rac- •
ing public will "bank"— Joe Piggott. He
did not suit the highly flavored tastes of
Starter Caldwell and the Ingleside outfit
and was suspended for getting left at the
post.
Corrigan's gelding. Carter H. Harrison
Jr., was a prohibitive, favorite for tne
opening scramble for maidens, with a big
field of fourteen starters. To make the
purse doubly sure Caldwell sent him away
four lengths in front, and he won under
wraps. Festoso, a 25 to 1 shot, secured
the place from Racebud.
A strong tip was out on W. B. Jennings'
filly Andrisa to win the two-year-old
scramble, and she performed the feat very
Impressively. Backed down to even mon
ey favoritism, Spencer, on the daughter
of St. Andrew, came with a rush the last
part, beating Tanobe out over a length. i
Bamboulia. a 20 to 1 shot, showed plenty
of speed, taking- the show.
The hurdle handicap fell to Our Cli- |
mate, carrying top weight. Honig's horse
receded in the- betting, and then won
easily from Tom Smith. The favorite,
Three Forks, dumped his rider on the !
back stretch. . __'._
Thorpe's handling of inciter, the Ito
- 2 choice, for the mile selling run, fourth
on the 'programme, would betoken the
"old man" to be In his dotage. On pounds
the best horse, he reached the wire in a
nicely timed finish, a head behind McFar
lane "the heavily piayeu second choice.
Pat Dunne's filly Jinks made a runaway
race of the fifth event at six furlongs.
Ruling equal choice in the ring with Pat
Morrissey, she won by half # a dozen
lengths. Morrissey. grotesquely ridden
by Thorpe, managed to take the place
from Rio Chico.
Track Notes.
The Crocker-Woolworth stake to be
decided this afternoon will probably re
sult in a grand fizzle. It is understood
"Buckwa will not be a starter, leaving it
a walk-over for The Bachelor.
Andrisa, the stable thinks, is a cracka
jack Spencer took her back before the
stretch was reached, and then won clev
erly. The filly is said to have worked
faster than Golden Rule. , _ •;-_. . ,
The suspension on Thursday of Jockey
Devin is' considered a great injustice to
the majority of race-goers.' He is only a
weight, and cannot be expected to
take the same care of a horse that an
older rider could. . Besides he was on a
rank "dog" in Glengaber, the gelding be
ing still a maiden.
Carter Harrison was pi Yen the race at
the start. About everything Corrigan
■tarts these days is accorded the same
treatment The' ex-ruler of Hawthorne
and the "Prince" must have attended a
love feast and smoked the pipe of .peace.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race-One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
757 Annowan MJ TB Widow Jones... .lo*
795 Bonnie lone 100 767 Magnus 102
779 ..berto •-SS j 1£ Jen-ie Reid..... 92
-,;• Rnnldo 106 75a H-mora M
lif^.::::::::_it 2)Torlblt> -" 102
-in M
Second 'Race— course steeplechase; ban-'
-leap ,«n
(SW)Our Climate . :: 160; 554 C. ....130
-If H_nt.rr'_n ?~ 1« Conlta ~.~..-K_«
«2 y__-V--;i.. ii-.-- »*> Three Forks 137
Third Race-Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
(681) St. Anthony 1151 781 Yellow Tail 118
789 Kitty Kelly 100 1 ... Kiekumbob 10S
... Garbo l° s i -„'
Fourth Race-Two and a quarter miles;
Crocker-Woolworth Bank -takes.
(717) The Bachelor.. -.119: 794 Lady Hurst 118
746 Charlie Reif 108 778 Morta-1 100
735 Buckwa- _____
Fifth Race-One' mile; selling: three-year
olds and upward.
754 Whaleback M 780 Ra-ivan ........100
792 Frank Jsoibert.-lO- (787)CTo_-well 103.
-87 Hardly 100 779 Tom Calvert 105
787 Joe Ullman -.106j(793)Roadrunner 109
787 Opponent ... 102 1
Sixth Race-One and a sixteenth miles; han
dicap: three-year-olds and upward.
791 Dr -heppard....l-2j(772)Formero 103
<798>*d. Spreckels... lll kTWCrofflWffl ,103
791 Fleur de L15....1051<791)J0e Mussle *
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Toribio.' Jennie Reld. Annowan.
Second Race-Reno; Jazabel. Vanity.
Third Race-Kitty Kelly, Yellow Tail, St.
Anthony. ';. V.W.;
Fourth Race-The Bachelor, Charlie Relf.
Fifth Cromwell, Joe Ullman, Opponent.
Sixth Race— Adolph Spreckels, Dr. Sheppard,
Cromwell. ; ■
Mrs. Arbogast Not to Blame.
W. A. Botkin, who began suit for di
vorce from bis wife, Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin. last Wednesday, is indignant at the
statement attributed to her t,hat
hi*? reason for seeking a legal separ
ation is in order that be may marry
Mrs Clara Arbogast. and intimating that
they have been on terms of undue friend
liness for a long time. Mr. Botkin stated
last night that an estrangement existed
between himself and his wife before he
ever knew Mrs.- Arbogast, and that the
aspersions cast upon that lady are unjust
and malicious and are the result of an
unworthy desire to injur.- a most estima
ble woman. Mr. Botkin said his acquain
tance with Mrs. Arbogast extended- over
a period of about two years; that their
acquaintance was simply one of friend
ship and their marriage has never been
contemplated, and that Mrs.- Arbogast is
in no way responsible tor his suit for di-
Torca.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Friday, March 10, 1899.— Fifty-fourth
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast. . • •'",'-,'.-
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
7QQ FIRST RACE— and a half furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index. Horse.
Weigh-
4m.
4m.
«4m.
Str.
Fin.
790 C. H. Harrison Jr.. .109 1 ... 14 110 ... 13 H.Martin 2-5 1-3
790 Festoso 112 5 ... 5h 3 1 ... 2 5 G. Wilson 15 30
720 Raeebud 109 7 ... 6 4 5 2 ... 3 1 'Ellis 10 15
702 Monda 109! 4 ... 21- 2 2 ... 4 h I. Powell. 15 15
-0 Florence Fink 107 6 ... 8 1 8 1 ... 6 h Gray 15 25
553 Solstice 107 8 ... 4 2 4 4 ... 6 2 Roach 100 30
751 Cleodora 10711 ... 919 1- ... 7 4 Dietro 100 250
793 Wrinkles ....: 107 3 ... 11 10 1 ... 8 4 McNichols ... 50 100
640 Alhaja 107 10 ... :13 12 ... 9 2 Weber 30 SO
451 Earl Islington 112 9 ... 10 3 11 ... 10 1 Snider 6 15
678. Gold Baron :..109 12 ... 3h 74 ... 11 I Hennessy 30 50
720 Purniah 11l 2 ... 716 4 ... 12 Thorpe 10 25
... Cymamo 107,13 • ... 12 « " ... ... Holmes 40 60
•Fell. ~ ~~~
Time— :18; 7-16, :42; 64 furlongs, 1:094. Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. _. by imp. Water-
" cress-Lucille Murphy. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Harrison was sent away to a flying start. He probably outclassed his company. Gold
Baron showed some speed. Purniah of little account. Raeebud made a good run. Earl Isling-
ton was away poorly.
Scratched— Pallucus 112. ,VV' : ' •;-" Vs
H. Martin
G. Wilson
'Ellis
I. Powell
Gray
Roach
Dietro
j McNichols ...
Weber :..
Snider
] Hennessy ....
(Thorpe
[Holmes
2-5
15 :
10
15
15
100
100
50
30
6
. 30
10
40 '
• 1-3
: 30
15
15
25
30
250
100
80
15
50
25
60
'TOO SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. "
Weight. [St
4 m.
4m.
-m.
Str.
Fin.
... Andrisa 110 7
774 Ta_obe 110 3
774 Bamboulla 113 2
774 Mountebank ' 113 4
774 St. Agnes 110 5
732 El Arte no! 6
774 Glissando 113 1
781 Matt Hogan 110 10
... Charlie Quinn 110 8
7*l Honor Bright 110 9
7SI Ella De Poy 110:11
721 La Amiga 1101 *
6 4
2 1
1 4 •
4 2
64
7 2
3 1
8 1
9 1
10 2
11
:::
12. j
2*14 :
3 14 ,
4 1
ii
6 h
62
fl
8 4
9
10
11
spencer
Thorpe
i Rutter I
Hennessy ....
H. Martin
Ellis ..........
G. Wilson I
I. Powell I
6-5
8
15
. 4
6
15
8
•10
12
100
100
15
6-5
10
30
5
10
30
6
40
100
300
200
30
Gray j
Dietro
Rutherford ...
Snider
•Left.
Time— 4, :244; 4, :504. Winner. W. B. Jennings" b. .t . by Imp. St. 'Andrew-Fannie
Louise. Good start. Won first three driving. . •'■': '• ; .
Andrisa came strong at 'the end like a real good one. Glissando was cut oft at stretch
turn by his rider. Mountebank stopped. Others of little account.
0/"|r*| THIRD RACE— One and- an eighth miles; handicap; four-year-olds and upward;
OUU« over five hurdles; purse, $400. -
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Std.
4m. 4m.
""im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Op.
7SS Our Climate, 6 160 6 4 4 3 3 2 3
697 Tom Smith, 5 130 3 12 14 14
761 Durward, 5 1251.4 2h -52 4 4
775 Colonial Dame, 4... 123 2 6 1 4 h . 3 4
775 Majors, 6 126 7 6 4 91Q 65
657 Rossmore. a 12615 9 10- 8 1 5 2
775 J«->e Cotton, a 133*10 10 . 10 9
701 St. Jacob, a 15018 7 1 7 4 7 4
775 Imp.. Allen, a 130 9 8 1 6 4 8 1
775' Three Forks, a 140 13 2- 2 4 *
1 1
2 2
4 10
3 4
6 2
F. 4
- 3
5 4
9
§1 2 IDoane
2 14 Mattier
3 2 Glover
4 6 Lenhart
6 4 G. Wilson
6 6 J. Daly.,
7 10 Trtmlets ......
tS 4 ITubervllle ...
9 McKenna ....
• 'ummlngs ...
8-5 3
8 8
20 20
. 20 15
20 20
25 • 20
6 8
8 8
50 100
2 5-2
•Fell.
Time— 2.:o74. Winner; D. A. Honig"s b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Bess. .Good start.
Won all out. Second and third driving.
Our Climate was best. No telling what others were doing.
Scratched— 147, Tortonl 150. V,.:.'- : - ' .
OAI FOURTH RACE— mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purSe, $400.
I I Be
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. Urn. «im. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op.
4m.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
793 McFarlane, a 121 2
... Vincltor. 5 1-4 5
793 Henry C, 4 120; 4
657 Granger, a 121 S
■ 684 Bobbins. 5 12l| 6
761 Heritage, 6 1211 7
... Nilhau. 4 ....; 115) 1
793 The Plunger. 5 121! 3
7_ Polaskl, a 121| 9
1 1
5 4
6 1
7 1
2 4
I.
4 1
3 2
__9
1 2
♦6 1
4 4
7 2
2 1
8 4 •
5 2
3 14
9
1 14 1 4
42 2 2
22 3 4
72 4 4
3 '_ 7 1
84 6 4
6 4 -8 2
54 5 2
£9 9
in 'Ellis
2 2 Thorpe
3 5 [Glover*
4 4 1 Hennessy ....
5 2 'Macklin I
6 3 "Wilson
7 4 Dietro
8 4 J. Brown
9 ICole
. 3
3-5
I"
10
10
6
20
40
4
1-2
20
20
20
60
200
Time 4. :26: "•*., :514; %,', 1:184; mile. 1:444. Winner, F. James' br. g. by. imp. Mari-
ner-Moonlight. Good start. Won first three driving.
Vincitor was much the best. Thorpe rode like a longshoreman. McFarlane will never
beat him again.
j Scratched— Two Cheers 121.
Qi~|Q FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
! St. • 4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
634 Jinks, 3 100 2
CSS Pat Morrissey, 5. 110.3
(790) Rio Chlco, 5 98 5.
640 Rey Hooker, 3 103 6
757 The Fretter, 3 101 4
(777) Don Luis, 4 107 S
643 Horatio. 5 11l 1
IC2 Gold Fin, 3 100 7
1 3 '
7 4
3 -
6 h
4 h
6 2
2 h
8
1 7
5 4
2 h
75
4 h
6 --
3 h
S
' 1 6
' 2 3
4 h
3 h
5 h
6 3
7 10
8
1 8 H. Martin....
2 4 Thorpe
3 h iDevin
4 2". Rutherford ...
6 2 Gray
6 6 Rutter
715 Hennessy ....
5 Powell .......
' 7-5 3-2
S-5 S-5
5-7
100 100
12 15
20 25
10 12
100 100
Time "4, 24; 4. :47V: a i. 1:14*4; Winner, P. Dunne's b. i. by Imp. Albert-Hoodoo.
Good start. ' Won easily." Second and third driving.
Jinks was sent away to a flyihg start. Pat Morrissey was cut off and badly handled.
Horatio eased up at finish. Bey Hooker is good again. He should have been third. .
Scratched— Orion -111, Elsln 100,- Wing 62, Ricardo 10S, Magnus 105.
q/\q SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
• - • --
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.'
'im.
_____
Km.
•4 m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
760 Rubicon, a 114 3
7K5 O'Connell, a 1241 2
755 Good Hope. 3 84 5
719 Sam McKeever, 3.. 100 4
653 Limewater. 3 90 1
772 Olinthus. 3 98| •
1 1
3 14
2 n
5
4 h
114
2 2
3 1
6
4 4
15 12
2 24 - 2 14
32 3 1
5 4 1
4 1 5
1 2
2 4
3 2
4 1
5
; i norpe
H. Martin....
[Hal 8r0wn....
IMcNiehols ...
lE. ipson..
;Relff
6-5
4
6
5
SO
•4
4-5.
I
6
8
40
7
•Left. BB— — H
Time— 4, :25; 4. :454: _, 1:014; 4, 1:254. Winner. E. Lanlgan'e eh. h. by Imp.
Rays n d'Or-Lillie R. Good start except Olinthus. Won easily. Second and third driving.
"Nothing tried the winner. Throw out race of others.
GREAT COURSING EXPECTED.
Eastern Dogs Will Be Slipped With
Some of the Natives at Ingle
side Park To-Day.
The stake to be run at Ingleside Cours
ing Park commencing to-day filled with
seventy-two nominations, and in the
bunch of fliers are to be found some of
the best quality of greyhounds running
} on the coursing swards. '
The stake for the two days of coursing
i is open, and among the nominators will
! be found such old lovers of the leash as
T. Cronin, with no less than four dogs,
all of which have placed a snug sum to
the credit of their owner. Among the en
trants are such grand performers as
Thornhill. and Wild Tralee, a pair that
have won first money on several occasions
In the hottest kind of company. Mr. Cro
i nin has decided tb run all of his dogs at
Ingleside Park in the future. Mr. Keenan
has in the stake the old reliable trio-
Royal Buck, Flying Buck and Fear Not,
dogs that are never beaten in a "course
until the flag goes up. Lynch has got
two grand ones on the list, viz., Lottie
M and Mystic Maid. The latter bitch ran
in grand form on Sunday last, and when
right the dog that defeats her will cer
tainly know he has had a race. H. A.
Deckelman will have such noted perform
' er - as Flyaway, Old Glory. Rocket, Law
rence and Glen Chloe running. In this
stake they should go well into the money,
as in the hands of Trainer Geary these
dogs are always brought to slips in the
i pink of condition. There are a great
many cracks who will meet to-day, and it
: would be well for those attending the
meeting to be careful on giving much
- odds on the following races, viz.: Thad
Stevens vs. Minerva— should be a
! good short end. Las Palmas vs. Flyaway
—Flyaway has got the speed, but should
I Las Palmas get placed on her game she
' is very dangerous, as she runs up a score
rapidly. Brutus vs. Lillle M-Wlll run
very close-. One of the hardest races of
! the card will be that between Thornhill
i and Royal Prize. They are both fast and
I rlever greyhounds, possessed of nearly
■an equal amount of speed. The two old
. '--^--diggers. Gladiator and Old Glory,
will meet again, and as they have on
Several occasions divided the honors the
' course to-day will be watched with much
' interest. The next pair are. the midgets
' of the coursing sward, Susie and Hum
'■ mer and the run between the two should
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Constipation &.
use $$?
eiB§&r§ AND BE SURE
4EBksr YOU GET THE
V* .GENUINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 11,. 1899.
be very exciting" from start to finish, as
they are both fast and clever.
On the 17th, ISth and 19th of this month
the management of Ingleside Coursing
Park has decided to add $1000 to the
stakes, which will comprise a champion
stake limited to forty-eight nominations
at $5 entrance, and a non-winners' stake
at $2 50 entrance, unlimited,
William McGibbon Is now training three
late importations, two of the number orig
inally coming from Ireland. That grand
performer. Winning Style, will be seen
for the first time ln California in the
champion stake, which will be run on
Friday next. The secretary of the club
at Ingleside has received nominations
from Sacramento, Merced, San Jose, Eos
Angeles and also from some of the East
ern States for this great stake.
The probable winners of. the run-down
are: . Mount Beauty, Christmas Day, L.
S. Conley, Wild Tralee, Billy Gladstone,
Thad Stevens, Lawrence, Flying Buck,
Royal Buck, Flyaway, Victor Queen,
Rocket. Royal Dak. Thornhill, Lottie M.
Granuale, Scout, St. Michael, Mohawk,
American Eagle. Jennie Wilson. Sylvia.
Mystic Maid, Mayflower, Myrtle, Glen
Chloe, Moondyne, Nonpariel, Clifton Lass,
Prince George, Gladiator, Grasshopper,
Twin City Girl, Maid of Hill. Susie, Mag
d.illach. :'
SPORT AT SUTRO'S.
Young Athletes Who Will Swim and
Dive en Sunday Afternoon.
On Sunday afternoon a grand aquatic
exhibition will be given at Sutro baths
and the following young athletes will par
ticipate in the swimming: contests:
'50-yard dash, novice Cullen, H. McKenzle,
Q. A. Her. E. McKenzle, W. Connolly, A. Bey
fuss, L. Johns, A. Bodlne. ,
High diving for boys— A. Beyfuss, H. Mc-
K^nzie, T. Guerin, O. Beyfuss, H. Seebach, V.
Freechtle.
Obstacle race through small tanks C. Stroh
lin, R. Dahl. G. Clough. H. Seebach. H. Mc-
Kenzle, T. Guerin, V. Freechtle. F. Clough.
Trapeze and high diving— Open to all.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— A. Bey
fuss, H. Seebach, B. Fregans, J. Carroll, D.
McCann, E. Lynch, O. Fchultz.
Under-water swimming contest— Open to all.
CALIFORNIA VS. FIREMEN.
The College Men Will Line Up
Against the Insurance Athletes.
The University of California baseball
nine and the Fireman's Fund team will
cross bats this afternoon at the Recrea
tion Grounds, Eighth and Harrison
streets. This will be the third meeting of
the -colleagians and the Firemen. The
blue and gold has won the other two, not
on account of their own superior playing,
but on account of the surprisingly poor
showing of the other team.
When Stanford and the Firemen play
against one another the latter team putt,
up a. fine quality of ball. Although Stan
ford has been defeated three times by
the Firemen out of four games played
and California has .won all its games.
Stanford is a stronger team to-day than
California. -'-.-<■'■> , _ _. -_.
The game this afternoon will be the first
in which California will have, appeared
in this city and a crowd Is expected on
that account. The line-up will be as fol- ;
lows: ; ■. -:
California. Position. Fireman's F*d.
Cheese-rough Catcher W. Hammond
Kaarsberg Pitcher .Mosklman j
Hamlin First base... '..... lans bee
Fuller' .Second base McGin :
McLaren Third base '_': Kn i g I
Swan Shortstop .' Schmeer j
Wolf..' Left field Butler \
Hunter Center field. ...J. Hammond
Smith Right field Weber
GOLFING AT PRESIDIO.
Miss Houghton Wins the March
Competition for Winslow Medal.
The' members of the San Francisco Golf
.Club are now occupying their new quar
ters, the old house having already been
raised and moved some little distance
from its former site. The new clubhouse.'
like the old one, stands outside the mili
tary reservation.
On March 7 the following scores were
made on the links: Baron Alexander yon
Schroeder, 69; Miss Ella O'Connor, 87;
Miss Maud O'Connor, 88; Mrs. H. B.
Goodwin, 74 and 72. Yesterday, March
10, in the morning the regular ladies
handicap competition for the Winslow
medal took place. There were seven en
tries, of whom Mrs. H. B. Goodwin, Miss
E. W. Morgan and Miss M. B. Houghton
played at scratch, the rest receiving
handicaps. Miss M. B. Houghton, who
won the medal in the February competi
tion, proved the winner with a gross and
net score of 136 for eighteen holes, beat
ing all her competitors handsomely. The
full results are shown in the table:
San Francisco Golf Club: ladles' handicap;
"Win-low medal, March 10, 1599.
COMPETITOR.
[3
l
-
c
c
a
C,
I '
■£■ 0
§ ° i
3 '&
3 CD
■9* :
a :
o
c •
I I
3
6 ;
a [ 2!
B 2.
3 j*
_ :
S :
"? :
I !
Iss C. Crockett
las M. B. Houghton
[las _ . Carolan
Lisa O. Carolan
Iss E. W. Morgan
Irs. H. B. Goodwin
Ilsa Maud O'Connor
71
91
102
•
74
65
86
80
177 1
4
R
4
12
0
0
1 10
136
17S
ISO
hi;
I*lsB l
.*•••!
'iH
•No returns.
March being the great month for golf
ing at Del Monte several of our local
golfers have taken themselves and thel.
bags of clubs thither— among them E. J.
McCutchen and S. L. Abbott Jr., two of
the strongest players in the San Fran
cisco Golf Club. The links at Del Monte
are now in excellent condition.
On Friday morning, March 10, the la
dies' regular competition, eighteen holes
with handicap, for the Winslow medal,
was held. Next Saturday, March 18,
men's competitions in driving and ap
proaching will take place on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club.
At Oakland this afternoon (Saturday,
March 11) there will be a competition for
men, match play, eighteen holes with
handicap, for a silver cup already in pos
session of the club. Next Saturday,
March IS, there will be putting and ap
proaching contests for ladles and gen
tlemen for silver medals.
The Oakland Golf Club has sent in an
application for membership in the United
States Golf Association. H. M. A. Miller,
secretary of- the club, leaves the State
shortly for a two . months visit to Old
Mexico. §£____
AMATEUR ATHLETES TALK.
Pacific Association Intends to Take
Jurisdiction Over Rowing
and Baseball.
At the meeting of the -Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union the
following representatives were present: J.
R. Bockman of the Ariel Rowing Club
(in the chair), W. C. Espy of the Pioneers,
A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphins, S. J.
Pembroke of the Alamedas, George James
of the Olympic Club, M. Breen of the
South End, H. A. Keeler of the Academic
League, P. D. Franklin of the University
of California and C. L. Neumiller of the
Stockton Athletic Association.
President J. R. Bockman, while admit
ting that the Amateur Athletic Union ex
ercises no jurisdiction over rowing, base
ball and football, expressed himself as
strongly in favor of the Pacific Athletic
Association assuming jurisdiction over
these sports, sfnee, if it does not do so, the ■■
rowing clubs, which form half the mem- !
bership of the association, would have
no reason for belonging to it. There is \
! already a movement on foot among some i
J of the rowing clubs to join the National I
Association Qf Amateur Oarsmen or to |
I form a new organization. A circular will ,
i be sent to the various rowing clubs on the
bay in San Diego, Oregon. Washington
' and British Columbia, asking each club
I to send three delegates to a conference,
at which the rowing men decide what will
best further the interests of that sport.
After considerable discussion, the presi
dent and secretary drew up an amend- j
ment to the constitution of the Pacific
Association, enumerating the sports over ;
which the association claims jurisdiction, j
Among these are rowing, baseball, indoor !
baseball, football and many others, j
Notices will be -ent out to-day to all clubs j
' in the association, so that the necessary
thirty days' notice may be given before ;
j the association holds its next meeting.
The association, in view of the confused j
condition in which cycling affairs now ■
' are has decided for the present to recog- j
I nize neither the League of American ,
; Wheelmen nor the California Associated
' Cycling Clubs. Cycling has been dropped
! from the list of intercollegiate sports, and
i so the sport does not concern the uni
versities except indirectly.
A question as to whether the Ariel Row- :
' Ine Club has two members on the board
of managers of the Pacific Association,
viz President J. R. Bockman and John
! i Nolan whereas all the other clubs have
| only one, was raised, but a decision was
i postponed. t \
Echoes from
The links for golf players; queries
about some people in "Sparks"; pool
selling and horse racing; doctors' ex
orbitant bills; "Jewish Gastronomy";
local stories by the Looker On; Hearst,
Judge Kerrigan, Chief Lees, the Olym
pic Club; and fiction, criticisms, reviews,
poetry etc., in to-day's News Letter
make thirty-two pages of excellent
reading. 10 cents everywhere.
TENNIS PLANS.
Some New Leagues to Foster the
Sport Among Young Players.
On the California Tennis Club courts j
this morning the racket wleldera of j
Boone's Academy. Berkeley, will play a j
series of matches to try out the candi
dates who wish to represent thair college t
in the Amateur Academic League cham- !
pionship tournament. This tournament !
will be one of the big tennis events of the
year and will be held some time next
m Sam Hardy is now arranging for an in
terscholastic championship tournament.
It is his idea to make it an annual affair
as well as the Pacific Coast championship
meet on the Fourth of July. Both the big
colleges Have expressed a willingness to
enter teams as Individual players. Any
student of a recognized institution of |
learning will be a qualified player. From !
present indications this association will
be formed and the initial tournament held j
this spring. '"_, ■ _ ,- '
The lady members of the Alameda Ten- \
nis Club played a round robin tournament j
yesterday afternoon, which was as much j
a society as en athletic event.
The following matches were played at
the California Tennis Club during the
week- George ■ Whitney and Joe Daily
beat Root and Bradshaw 7-5. 4—6. 6— 4;
Routh and Welhe beat Smith and Cor
nell — 4, 4—6, 6—2. 6—3; Weihe beat Cor
nell' 7—5 6—l; Miss Bessie Bowman beat
Miss Elsie Clarke. 6—3, 6—2; Dr. Root beat
Bliven, 7— 5, 6—2, 4-6. • : '
Olympic Baseball Game. .
The next game of indoor baseball in the
Reliance/ Olympic and Young' Men's
Christian Association series will be played
on Tuesday evening in the Olympic gym
nasium between the Olympic and Young
Men's Christian Association teams. Great
Interest Is displayed In these games, which
have proved big drawing cards whenever
played. — . 44
On Sunday afternoon the Olympic base
ball nine will meet the Golden Gates on
the Eighth and Harrison street grounds.
The teams are evenly matched and will
play for the championship.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
Amateur Baseball Game.
The second game of ball between the
Olympic and Golden Gate baseball teams
will be played to-morrow at Recreation
Park. The line-up Is as follows:
Olympics. " Position. Golden Gates.
Fuller Pitcher Bulger
James Catcher Read
Cordes First, base Nealon
McLean Second base Carroll
Cosgrove Third base Welch
MoGinn Shortstop „ Kelly
Cartwright „... Right field Barry
Butler .Left field Beaton
Foley '. Center field Walters
Beautiful new styles of piano covers
just received at Mauvais', 769 Market.*
Quite Unusual.
James Fisher, alias Ryan, a well-known
pickpocket, was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con
lan In $3000 bonds on a charge of grand
larceny. February 12 at the ferry he stole
a purse from the pocket of C. H. Croweil,
teacher in a night school.
W- ADVERTISEMENTS. .j
HAVE YOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
j SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
! Where the sick and afflicted 'can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most sue-
: cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fall because of treating
the wrong disease: others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES.
1 In the treatment of any of the following
I diseases. Vitality and vigor Imparted to
l all diseased organs and perfect cures
: guaranteed:
Kidneys, Brlght's Diseass,
Catarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
Lunos, Blood and Skin,
Head, Rupture.
Heart, Rheumatism,
Bladder. Diseases of Rectum,
Liver, Spleen, Varicocele,
Stomach, Hydrocele,
' And all swellings, tenderness and Im-
. pediments of the sexual parts; effects of
; Indiscretions ln youth or excesses -In
1 after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, failing
! memory, despondency, etc., promptly and
, effectualy cured.
j WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m.; Sundays from 10 to 2.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
OPEN STAKE!
OP£N_STAKE!
SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
JAMES GRACE, Slipper.
N. B. — Judge Grace -shall announce the score
; after each course, which shall be placed on the
: blackboard.
Take the Mission-street car and It will land
I you at the gate.
f ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
w**^^M._^.^m_^^
gwwwj_w.ii —1 1 mmmmmmaaHm
| One Grade Only— The HIGHEST 1
I " "Sfcr* 31CV.LES m
S4O.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th, |
!THOS. H. BAN FRANCISCO. & 10th, I
SAN FRANCISCO.
| Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. I
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, :
KEARNY ST. Established
ln 1834 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mindand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Cares guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. _•'- UIBBON. Box 1957. 5 at; Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
" NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every -Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 22[Pt. Paul March U
St. Louis March 1 l St. Louis March »
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 1- noon.
Kensington. ...Feb'y lSlSouthwark March I
Noordland Feb'y » Westernland.. March It
Friesland March 1 .Kensington... .March 33
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St, Michael, Dawson City.
For lull information regarding freight and pas-
sags apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
10 Montgomery St.. > Ny of Its agencies
TOY? KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at-
' Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I •connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. ' No cargo ■ received on board on day
of sailing. . -._..
I HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU. Saturday, May «
Robnd-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's .office, ,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
P__l_H ■_-■_- S. S. ALAMEDA
_L BMI-l sails via Honolulu and
§* HI 81% Auckland for Sydney
■■ - Wednesday, March 22,
.■/[•N at 10 p. m.
Iwm^ninJ The s - s - -Australia ,
llMllUllll/^ sails for Honolulu
/7>mßan_l-. Wednesday. April 6, :
(OinjCJOldfer nt 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez, ,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Office, 327 Market St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE,
•PARIS-LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
N. V.— CHERBOURG HAMBURG.
For sailings, etc., apply to
HAMBURG- AMERICAN Line, 37 way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. . Agts. Pacific Coast,
■101 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
• ' ADVERTISEMENTS. _-—-.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine, CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^
rVery small and as e_*-«__-_M_M___*____SW*_WS__i
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF iV^TirrrS i ol FOR HEADACHE. SFF
5tL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. *™
rriIITIITr Kittle FOR biliousness. - HI -« D
GENUINE H vfr for TORPID liver. GENUINE
HPI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
IWRAPPFR M «a FOR SALLOW skin. WRAPPER
n__Am_K ,aMJ I FOR THE COMPLEXION nttAtTLtt
_ . . . (iKMT-N- MUSTWVI a^OMATuac,
25 Cents I Purely t reUCbl&.y'^^*^S^f^.
B-_esxgr_a_9--nß>9
"_?_R,I_STT_II3_> 03ST _R,_l!__) PAPER." , '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ftfc. .. Steamers leave Broadway
W^j^^ wharf, San Francisco:
|_i!s*_S>sv_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
__i H___T___rl change at Seattle.
! |^Ste*r*_^a For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fc(*S«^*S^sli B.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
f^^e^H Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
"^Otin and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. ra„ Mar. 12, 17. 22.
27; Apr. 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma io N.
! P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Mar.
10. 15. 20, 25, 30; Apr.. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Mar. 9, 13. 17, 21, 25, 29; Apr.
2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ran Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27, 31; Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Aetata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 10;
April 6. _______
For further Information obtain folder.
j . The company reserves- the right to change
i without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and hours of sailing.
TICKET OKFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., "San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,-
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO •
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at . 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berth •
iMnL 58 Second Class and Meals. :
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22; March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7, 17. 27,
; March 9.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
! Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
Compapie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS __^.._.
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <*_C___i
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North ■__•____■_■
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE March 18
LA TOURAINE March 25
LA. NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April i
LA BRETAGNE April 15
First class to Havre. $55 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $4.",. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Ccrfist Agents,
5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND KIVER STj_A_r_EES.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 8-15. 8:30 p. B_ (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Misslon-st. Dock, Pier Na
J. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE 500
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFOXNIA NORTHWESTER IT. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 1:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m. 'f*-* - :
SUNDAYS- 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, til*.
1:00, 6:20 p. ra.
S^AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:4 a.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ai
1:65 arid 4:25 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:1» a. m.; 1:40, Si*
■3:00. 6:23 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park
asms schedule as above. ■
Leave ' Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francis.*
_~s — , . i October 18, ■ -
Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- i Wee-
Days. .Day*. Destination, day*, i days.
» ' I■ ■ ■ ' ______ _______
1(90 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
:topm 8:80 am Petaluma 8:10 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 1:60 pm Santa. Rosa, ■ 7:85 pm 6:83 pm
. ' ■ > __—_—_—. — i
Fulton, • V:
f:Wa__ Windsor. Vtfl **-
Heai-eburt.
Lytton,
Geys*r-ill_,
Ml pm 1:0* am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm lift pas
»■ — ■ ... c - — — — — _—____.
/ Hopland and ■.■'..
T:80 am ■ Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:1. pra
T:80 am ~~" 10:» •_■
8:00 am Ourneyvlll*. 7:35 pm
•:iopm . _!____!_
T:I0 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 wa
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:80 pa
7 ISO am 8:00 am SsbastopoJ. 10:40 am 10:26 am
8:80 pm 8:00 pmj 7:35 pm 8:28 pa
Stages' connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .Wast
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
kervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fO*
the Geysers;, at Hopland for Duncan Sprlngt
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllla, Cgrlsba4
Bprings, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprings; at Ukiah Itor Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lleriey's, Bucknell' a
Banhedrln Heights. Hullviiie. Booneville, Orr**
Hot Springs, J-endoolno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. reaL Willitts. LeytonvUie, Cum*
Hint's, Bell's Bprlng*. Harris, Olsen's, Dy**.
; Scotia and Eureka. ..____
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* a*
reduced rate*. ..
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. •
•floket Offices, (SO Market ft. CBrpalrie bite
m. C. WHITING. _, K. X RTAN.
JSenera: _£__>_«**. (Hn. _— _, Agsat.
"north pacific coast railroad,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. '9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:0,
t:45, 5:15. *6M. 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. to.
SUNDAYS— •S:OO, *10:00. ni:J» a. m.; «1:1_,
1:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. •
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6:85. 7:45, ; »9:» a. n_:
•12:20, 2:20. *1:45. 6:06 p. ■m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00./ •10:00. «11:55 a. m.]
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentlju
FROM MILL 'VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
12:85. 2:45. 3:50. 6:20 p. m. • __ . __.__
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ._ „ ,«• . _ ■!
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. L.06, 1:20. 3:3%
I *CO (to d. m.
».«,. s.w p. THROnGH TRAIN S.
t:IO a. m. week Ca_adero and way sta'as.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way ;
station*. ....I . __ ,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sau_a_tto 'erry.)
' Leave San Francisco. commandos Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1898: . _,
Week Day*— a. m., I'M p. tn-
Bunday»-8:00. 10:00. U.Ms. m.. 1:1$ 9. «_. ,
Round trip from Mill /alley. «!• : __
THOS: COOK * SON. Agent*, 431 Marin.
I -treet. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OCTHRRN PAt'IFIC COffIFANT.
{FACIFIC systsm.) .:.•.;'
Train, leare nnd are «•»•- in nrrUs at
san fiian«:im«:o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
L-avb — Fsok Deo. 18, 1888. — Anarra
~*0:OOa Nllea Sao Jose and Way Stations... •SJ-Sa-
'- 7iOOa Betiiela, Suisun and Sacramento.... 3:45*
"! >WV_ MarysTUle, OroTiUe and P.-dding rla
Woodland •. 5:4.1*
TiO«a Blmira, V_oaT_le and Eumsey Si4ir
7:»«a ■artlne-, San Ramon. Vallejce. Naps,
Calistofa and fiftnU Uosa Bil3*
•i*«a Atta-tfo fixpreas. Of den and Kast.. _i 43*
liHi Bin Jose, lirermore, Htockton.
lons, Saoraniento, FlaoerrlUe,
Marys-Ills, Chlco, Keel liliiff 4il»*
fl<B*A *MUton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:13*
t:0»A Martines, Tracy, I_tt_rop, Ktockton,
Merced »nd .'resuo 12:13*
«:OOa Fresno, Uakerslield. 'Santa llai'.i >ra.
Lot Angeles, Demicg. El Paso.
New Orleans and East _:43*
10:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and War Stations 7:43*
ISiOOa Niles, Llvermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Han-ord, Via*-*,
FortervUle 4:13*
M:00r Sacrameuto IHrer Steamers "8:00*
4;OOr Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo,
Napa. C'allstoga, S.anta Ueisa OslSa
4toor Bsnicia, Vaoaville, Saoraniento,
Wood laud. Knights Landing, ■
-tarysTllle, Ororille 10:43 a
«i«Op Ntles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13*
0: OOp Ban Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Loa
Angeles 0:43 a
0:80* Stockton, Merced, Fresno ......... 12:13*
. B<<l*r Maninex, Trary, Mrndota, Frceno,
M.J-T., Santa uarbara and Jam
Aagelea »«43a
OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louie. Chicago and East |»:454
ViSOr Santa i ,■ i .<>>.. . v...... i.^ieu
for Mojare ami Kast 0:43*
StSOr Knropeai, Mall. Ofileu and I'.aat 0:41 a
0:O»r Hajwarda Niles and San Joes 7«43a
•«iOOr Vallejo _•**»*
t7iOOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
ttons..: J9:43»
•■•Or Oregon Kinross, Saoraniento, Marys-
ville. It.ilillng. Portland, Pugel _
Sonmlaiid Kast Bilßa
el 0:03* Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 61»43>
"*BAS IiKA.MMiO AN"l» IItVITtUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~ ' Mcl roue, he mlnarr Park, (
SiOOa .'ltcliDnrir, Klnihnrst, o>43a
iOiOOA Saa Leandro, South See f*O:43A
10.00 a leandro, -etedlllo, JS'l_ A
tll:OOA • - Lorenao, Cherry • I * , _*'
Sioo* and !i„3_
SiOOp Haywards. »»_g*
• ,o# * I Buns through to Niles. 7 **"
J I From NUes. I
""" COAST DITISIOS (Nnrrorr Uanire).
' (Foot of Market Street.) „
' •ilSa Newark. Oenter-lUe. San Jose.Fel ton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Orut and Way
Station*. ■■■■■ otomf
•Sit Br Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek. •
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Station* * , _' , _'•*
4:13r Newark. San Jose and Los Gates... 0:*«-
-(lli43p Hnnters' Eionrsion, San Jose and _____
Way Stations »?'••_!
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rremSll faiIOISOO— Fstt sf Markst Street (Slip Sl-
•7:18 0:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *8:00 13:0f
•1:00 18:03 •6:Cflr.».
frsaOilUHß— fMlsfßrta-WiT.— "B.-00 8:00 10:00-.-.
112:00 *1:00 12:00 *3:Ca 14:00 'SiCCrJa.
COAST- l»ITISIt>?( (Broad « sage). . *
(Third and Towngeml Sfrs.)
7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New ~~
Almaden Wednesdays only) li»w»
OiOSi Baa Jose. TießS Finos. Hants Crux, ,
PaolOe Grove, Paso deles, Sau
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilO»
lOi4oa Sau Joaa and Way Stations »8:OOa
lIiSOa San Jose and Way Stations Si_4*
*«i 43- San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, EanU Clara. Han .loses,
Oilroy. Hollister. Santa Crux.
Salinas, Monterey and Paclde
Grore 'lOjaSa
•Utnop San Jose and Way Stations •OiOOa
•4il3r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations S:4Sa
•StOOp Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::i3a
3:80r San Joss and Principal Way Stations 3:34>*
4:»Or San Jose and Way Stations 7>Bop
tll:48p San Jose and Way Stations *****
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• SundaTs eseepted. 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only .
and Thursdays. oTuesdays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. (Thursdan and Sundays.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3'
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES*
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chloago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following Thursday* Saturday*
and Tuesday— Arriving In Nev_
York at 1 :SO P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, ObJ
servation Car and Eleotria
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Da!ij>
Overland Express.
m mum ticket office— hi muket si
• TELKPHONS MAIN -ML '• V-
-o*3_laiid Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offiea— 2ol J StraeV
Baa Joss Offiot— West Santa Glut Si
A Superb Train
dmtSb EVERYDAY IN THE YUI
'^^"Umon Pacific
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET BMOKINO AND LIB-CART CARS
. WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM ' SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
. ONLY i\i DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at « 9. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE SAN FRAHCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiIt
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. .399. trains will run as follow**
• South-bound. North-bound. 1
________________ ■ — ■«
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
. ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday *er.
Dally. Exc'ptd f Exc'ptd Daily. ,
» ' — n
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:« pmj 8:00 pra
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 11:40 pm| 4:13 pral
10:40 am! 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pn»
11:8* am 7:4, pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:45 pro
2:25 pm 13:80 am Bakersflerd 2:00 am 11:00 an»
11:59 am 6:25 pm' Vlsalia f :« am 1:22 pn»
12:15 pm! 6:53 pm| Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 P"*,
Stopping at intermediate as required. J
For particulars of stage and other connection^
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Marke<|
Una- "*" . ~raneiseo-
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAKING THE
FINAL VOWS
TO VOTERS
Oakland Turns Into a
Circus.
W W. CAMRON MAKES. REPLY
CANDIDATES APPEAR AT THE
THEATER.
Republicans to Wind Up With a Par
ade—lndependents Will Conclude
With Rally at the
Tabernacle.
'. ♦
' ' Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, March 10.
For' forty-eight hours Oakland will be
at a standstill as regards everything ex
cept politics. With sunrise on Monday
morning the pent-up volcano will begin
to erupt, and by midnight the results will
be known and the city will settle down to
business.
From oratory and the circulation ■of
cards the campaign has now descended to
bell wagons and circulars. The Streets
to-day look like* a circus. The thinker
has been at work and many episodes that
candidates would fain have forgotten are
now being prominently exploited. No
matter whether true or not, this is the '
eleventh hour, and there is no time for
contradictions, consequently any ; flaring
statement that appears after this should
be received very cautiously and relied on
still less. -.-?■="
W. W. Carrtron has made a reply to the
Statement of Councilman Girard regard
ing the incident which has rent in twain
the Second Ward. Mr. Camron says:
"Ever since I announced myself as a can
didate for Councilman there has been per
sistently and continuously circulated in
the interests of the candidacy of Mr. Gi
rard. for the same office, the most cow
ardly, scurrilous and scandalous reports
affecting my private and business life,
all of which were well known to be untrue
both by Mr. Girard and his friends. I do
not wish to conceal the fact that the cir
cular referred to in to-day's ("all was is
sued by my permission, and for justifiable
ends. The record shows that both Mr.
Girard and his attorney were present in
'court and that he had an opportunity to
have answered his wife and her witnesses,
but he did not then dispute the truth of
any of the allegations and the court found
that they were all true.
"I have been in many political fights be
fore, but this is the first time I have been
forced into a fight of this character. lam
and always have been, as my record
Fhows, in favor of decent politics. I even
quarreled with Mr. Girard over my efforts
to keep outside matters out of this cam
paign, but he would not cease."
The Democratic and Independent parties
did not hold any political meetings to
night. They were to have met at Thir
teenth avenue, but decided that they
could do'more politics by appearing at the
Acme benefit at the Macdonough Theater,
where they occupied boxes.
Mrs. Fannie M. Pugh, nominated by the
Prohibitionists for School Director, is still
a candidate. This lady polled the highest
Prohibition vote at the last State elec
tion, and has been induced to withdraw
her resignation from the city ticket.
To-morrow evening the Republican
campaign will close at Hamilton Hall
Prior to the meeting the uniformed corps
of the Young Men's Republican League
will parade. This evening the Republi
cans held a meeting at Hanson's Hall
West Oakland, and at Becker's Hall, in
the Sixth Ward. The Independents will
hold their final rally at the Tabernacle
to-morrow night.
v A DESTRUCTIVE MANIAC.
OAKLAND. March Miss Emma
Mier, residing with her mother at CO
Sixth street, was examined for insanity
to-day by-Drs. Knox and Wakefield and
committed to the asylum at Stockton
The unfortunate young woman has been
ln poor health for some time, and four
days ago her mind perceptibly weakened.
Last night she became violent, and be
fore her mother, Mrs. J. T. Mier real
ized it the daughter had thrown half the
furniture out of the house and was break
ing things in general.
The mother's remonstrance proved use
less, and Officer Sherry was called in-
After a lively struggle Miss MieF was
overpowered and taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where she was placed in a
•traitjacket.
Dying by the Roadside.
OAKLAND, March 10.— three days a
tramp lay by the roadside in Eden Town
ship and no one paid any attention to him
It was thought he was a drunken wan
derer and all passed by.. Last Monday
some one took compassion on him, found
that he was sick unto death and secured
his removal to the County Poorhouse He
■was a gentlemanly fellow, and had evi
dently seen better days, but he declined to
give any other name than that of Smith
and said he came from New York. _____
night he died .of pneumonia, and to-mor
row he will be placed in a pauper's grave
He was about 48 years of age 6
Held Up by Negro Footpads.
UAI-1-A_sd March 10.-Miss Josie Na
■rle, employed in the New England gL
Kitchen near the race track at Emery
ville, was held up by two negro footpads
last night while she was returning to her
home on Park avenue. The frightened
young woman attempted to make an out
cry, when one of the negroes clapped his
Jl n 3 v ver he r mouth While his partner
rifled her pockets. The footpads secured
but 15. cents, and after releasing Miss Na
gle ran away. "
Fell Twenty-Three Feet.
OAKLAND, March 10.— William H W«.
terman,- a painter, residing at _!__ San
Pablo avenue, while at work on the roof
of a house near Berkeley this morn
slipped and fell a distance of twen?y-thr c !
feet to the ground below. He was Dick ed
up for dead, but when he regainea con
sciousness was taken to the Recelvini-
Hospltal where he was treated for f
juries 1 le& ' Dr ' ° We "tended tS
The New Moderator.
ALAMEDA, March 10.-The Bay Asso
elation of Congregational Churches which
met in Alameda yesterday afternoon and
evening elected George C. Adams o^ th„
First Church, San Francisco, moderator
The session, in point of interest and at
tendance was considered one of the best
held by the association. l
GHOSTLY CIGARETTES MAKE
HIM CLIMB THE WALLS
OAKLAND, March 10.— delusive locally prohibited little cigarette has
claimed another victim, and the secret poisons that lurk within some
of the paper covered rolls have totally wrecked the mind of "W. T. Dar
nal, a telegraph operator, residing with his -parents at 941 Campbell
street. Darnal was taken to the Receiving Hospital this evening and placed'
in the insane ward. To-morrow morning he will be examined by the Lunacy
Commissioners, Drs. Selfridge and Tisdale. ;; r J-l
. The unfortunate man is 28 years, of age and he has been an inveterate
cigarette fiend, consuming a half dozen packages each day for a long time
past, and until he imagines the walls of his room contain shelves upon shelves,
filled with the little wicked paper covered weeds. Yesterday Dr. Selfrtdge
was called ln to attend the young man, but his services proved useless. At
night Darnal ' arises from his bed and attempts' to climb the walls of his bed
chamber in the hope of reaching his coveted cigarettes, and after hours of
fruitless efforts he would sink exhausted to the floor. S-'io^-.L - . "~
His condition to-night is such that there is little doubt that he will be
recommended for commitment to an Insane asylum. '
USED HIS CAR
AS THE SCENE
OF HIS SUICIDE
A Motorman Shoots
Himself.
TWO BULLETS INTO HIS BRAIN
NO REASON EXCEPT INSANITY
CAN BE ASSIGNED.
William Lyons Writes a Brief Letter
to His Wife and Then Delib
erately Attempts Self-
Destruction.
S3 "Darling wife, you have 33
± been a good, loving, faithful ±
+ wife to me. I feel I am be- £
& coming insane and think if is O
X better to end it this way. I q
-♦ wish Eden Lodge would bury ♦
■J me. W.". $
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 10.
After writing this farewell upon a quar
ter-sheet advertising card and laying it
beside him. William Lyons, a motorman
on the Twenty-third avenue branch of the
Haywards electric line, sat down in one
corner of his car and sent two bullets into
his brain this afternoon. » ■ _
Shortly after 5 o'clock Officer R. U. Mc-
Sorley discovered the motorman lying in
one corner of the car with blood rushing
from two bullet wounds just behind the
right ear. •_ -.- . -,
The dying man was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where Drs. Sanborn and
Horn found, after a thorough examina
tion, that one bullet had pierced the brain.
The other bullet was extracted, since it
had not penetrated over half an inch.
Mrs Lyons, who was immediately noti
fied at her Elmhurst home, was unable to
assign any cause for her husband s rash
act. Aside from statin? tha,t he appeared
in his usual' good spirits when he left
home this afternoon she was too much
grief-stricken to refer to tho sad occur
rence. The weapon used by Lyons was an
old-style 45-callber bulldog revolver that
had not been discharged for a long time.
Being on the late night runs he usually
carried this weapon for self-protection,
for it is -customary for him to run his car
without a conductor after passing Twen
ty-first street to its terminus at Twenty
seventh street. Lyons' rash act has
caused no end of surprise among tne offi
cials and employes of the Haywards line,
with whom he was a great favorite.
It lacked fifteen minutes of midnight
when Lyons breathed his last. Deceased
was a native of Canada, aged 51 years.
He was a member of Eden Lodge; F. and
A. M., of San Leandro. The inquest will
be held to-morrow night.
WAS MUSTERED OUT
AND WANTED TO DIE
EDWARD HOWATT ATTEMPTS
TO ' COMMIT SUICIDE.
Aimed to Blow His Brains Out, but
Kindly Interference' Results in
a Shoulder Wound.
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call,
908 Broadway, March 10.
Crazed with drink. Edward B. Howatt,
a soldier, aged 23 years, this afternoon at- '
tempted to commit suicide by the Smith & I
Wesson route, caliber 38, at Kohlmeyer's i
saloon, corner of Eighth and Washington
streets.
That his effort was not successful was
due' to the prompt action of George Cur
tis, who snatched the revolver just as the
would-be suicide pulled the trigger. The
bullet penetrated the left shoulder, and
Howatt dropped to the floor like a load ol
bricks.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, ]
where Dr. Stratton found that the bullet I
went clear through the left shoulder. The I
missile, was afterward found in Howatt's :
shirt. The injured man lay apparently •
unconscious for nearly half an hour while
his wound was dressed.
Howatt received his discharge, from
Battery. E of the Third Artillery yester- i
day, and has been having a good time j
along the "cocktail route" since then.
Shortly after 4 o'clock .this afternoon he
stepped into Kohlmeyer's saloon in com- |
pany with George Curtis and William I
Britton and ordered several "steams." ■
Then he began to brood over some Im- |
aginary trouble and began weeping.
"We tried to console him," salt! Curtis !
to a reporter,* "but he wouldn't have it
that way. Then he pulled out his gun, !
remarking, 'Well, I might as well settle I
it all right here.' With that he raised j
his revolver and pointing It at his head
pulled the trigger just as I grabbed it. i
Had I not done this Howatt would have
been' dead by this time."
When Howatt had recovered sufficiently j
from the shock he opened his eyes and !
begged for his revolver, but the police had I
taken it away. He said he was sorry that
he had not finished the job and repri
manded Curtis for Interfering. When as
sured by Dr. Stratton that the wound was i
not fatal he replied: "Well, I hope to
God that I die. The grave is about the !
best place for a man to go to about this •
time. He refused to give any reason for j
his rash act. He demanded that his name
be withheld from publication, saying he j
could do as he pleased and that It was no- I
body's business.
When Howatt enlisted in the army he j
gave his residence as Forest Hill, and he |
was an iron molder by occupation. ;
It was afterward learned that Howatt
resides with his father, E. B. Howatt, on
Grove street, near Forty-fifth. The elder I
Howatt Is a motorman on the Grove
street line, and when seen to-night he :
stated: "My son came home last night ,
very much under the influence of liquor.
In fact, I think he must have been
drugged.- Any way I scolded him severely
for drinking, and this morning when he
got up he put on my clothes and overcoat
and went out, taking my revolver with
him. I do not know what possessed him
to make him want to die."
A good' Arabian horse can canter in the
desert for twenty-four hours In summer
and forty-eight hours In winter without
drinking. ' "
THE- SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1899."
PREFERRED A
CELLO-PLAYER
TO A CLERK
Fred Gutterson Takes
a Wife. ■
WEDDED A SISTER-IN-LAW
SHE WAS RECENTLY DIVORCED
FROM HIS BROTHER.
The Secret of a Suit Filed Last Fall
Made Clear by a Recent Trip
to the State of
Nevada.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 10.
The most interesting chronicle in mu
sical and social circles was received to
day when It became known that the
handsome divorcee, Mamie Gutterson, is a
wife once more. And to make the incident
more interesting, the lady married the
younger brother of the husband from
whom she was divorced last fall.
A little more than six months ago the
Guttersons lived in apparent happiness on
Sixteenth street. A. L. Gutterson was a
bank official in San Francisco and his wife
was a very popular singer. Mrs. Gutter
son's tastes were all musical and she was
naturally thrown into' the company of
Fred Gutterson, the younger brother of
her husband.
Oakland was shocked last August to
learn that A. L. Gutterson had brought
suit in this county for a divorce. The ut
most secrecy was observer and the case
was transferred to San Francisco. Some
time later a decree was greeted and the
public was not taken into the secret. Mrs.
Gutterson and her child moved to San
Francisco and lived out on Sacramento
street. Fred Gutterson, the younger
brother, Is a popular celloist of the Tivoli
Opera-house and lives ln San Francisco.
"W hen news was received that Mrs. Gut
terson had remarried and was still Mrs.
Gutterson it was supposed that a reunion
had been effected and that sue had wed
ded her former husband. ■ • V :
Even this could not have r«w»n done
within a year after the divorce, but there
is no such law in Nevada, and to that
State Mrs. Gutterson and her brother-in
law went. The records show that Fred S.
Gutterson was given a license at Reno on
February 25 to wed Mrs Marie Gutter
son, who is several years his senior.
On his return to his duties at the Tivoli
Fred Gutterson told his friends he had
taken unto himsele! a wife, but 'id not
inform them that he had married his sis
ter-in-law:. ' __■'. ■■"'.'
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
Professor Le Conte's Unique Birthday
— Vacant Scholar
ships Filled.
BERKELEY, March 10,— Professor Jo
seph I-e. Conte, the venerable professor of
geology and zoology, received this after
noon a peculiar and valuable grift from
some of his old students. It came all the
way from Johannesburg, South Africa, ma
a modest tin box, accompanied ' by a
typewritten letter signed by seven old U.
C. graduates. Professor Le Conte thought
a„t first that it might contain some trivial
scientific specimen of interest, and ac
cordingly set it aside to look at later.
He was very much surprised on examin
ing the package after some little time to
find it filled with large gold nuggets,
which his old students in South Africa
had collected and sent to him as a birth
day present.
Some of the nuggets were unusually
fine speciments, the intrinsic value of
the whole amounting to . some hun
dreds of dollars. The letter accompany
ing the gift was signed by Harry w.
Webb. '75; Eugene Hoefer. 'SI; E. 11.
(larthwaite, 'SO: R. H. Robertson, '75;
Leslie Slmson. '91: Henry Hay, '94, and
Fred.C. Roberts, '86.
The faculty committee on scholarship's
nut this morning and appointed the fol
lowing students, to fill vacancies: Mrs.
Florence E. Barnard of San Francisco for
the State of California scholarship, dis
trict 5; Ralph H. Curtlss cf Redlands for
the Levi Strauss scholarship, district 7,
in place of H. M. Bagley, resigned.
The meeting of the Associated Students
called for this morning was postponed for
one week, as a quorum could not be ob
tained. President Charles E. Thomas will
call a special meeting for next Friday, as
several matters of Importance now await
the action of .student body.
SECRET WEDDING AGAIN.
Alameda Makes a Record for Clandes
tine Matches.
' ALAMEDA, March 10— list of clan
destine weddings that has made Alameda
famous lately was augmented to-day by
the announcement that Miss Ellie Hip
pen of 1705 Pacific avenue and Henry
Gardes had defied parental objections and
become man and wife. ' 'V.
The young people were reported to be
engaged, but Mr. Hippen vigorously op
posed the match. " Without consulting
her father's wishes Miss Jlippen-, accom
panied by her frieffd, Miss Hess of 1716
Mlnturn street, went to San Francisco
last Wednesday afternoon, where Miss
Hippen met Gardes and was married to
him by Rev. Herman Gehrcke of St. Mat
thew's Evangelical Church at his resi
dence, 741 Golden Gate avenue. «
Miss Hess, who acted as bridesmand. re
tu lie- to Alameda late *re same evening,
and, awakening Mr. Hippen. informed him
of what had happened. His wrath knew
no bounds, and he declared that if he
ever ran across his son-in-law one or the
other would shed blood. Mr. and Mrs.
Gardes will live in San Francisco
nriil ruch time as the bride's father
becomes reconciled. The . groom is in
the employ of the Bass-Hueter Paint
Company.- : ■ :
Raising a Bonus.
SAN LEANDRO, March 10.— The Board
of Trade of this town has received < a defi
nite answer from the Bidwell Company of
San Francisco, stating that If the people
of San Leandro will give a bonus of $500 a
large vegetable drying establishment will
be erected at once. The following com
mittee is now at work raising the bonus:
B. D. Gray, G. Downle. A. B. Cary. J. B.
Mendonca. A. C. Estees. D. McCarthy, and
Attorney J. N. Franks, secretary. --:. -;
Ancient Order of Hibernians.
• The local committee on extension of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians is earnestly
at work enrolling every man of Irish
blood and eligible to membership to take
an interest in the fraternal and benefi
cial features of the organization, the alms
and objects of which are proclaimed In its
motto, "Friendship, unity and Christian
charity." The order has received the
earnest recommendation of the leading
clergy and laity of the country, these rec
ognizing' the great amount of good It has
accomplished.
Division No. 12 is doing through its
committee all that can be done to make
the ball to be given in B'ne B'rith Hall
on St. Patrick's night a "most successful
affair. : - ; .-•.-■'
Division No. 10 has appointed M. Don
oghue, John Coughlean and J. J. Barry
a committee .to arrange for an entertain-,
ment and hop to be given in the near fu
ture. The affair will be a complimentary
one. ' ,'...•:.•
Division No. 11 has lost one of Its most
earnest workers in the death recently of
Martin Donnovan, its financial secretary.
■—» ♦ »
At the beginning of the eighteenth cen
tury people were hanged in Great Brit
ain for the illicit manufacture of salt.
INTERNATIONAL
CHESS BY CABLE
English Masters Against
•Americans.
FOURTH CONTEST UNDER WAY
PLATING FOR THE SIR GEORGE
NEWNES TROPHY.
At v the Close of the First Sitting the
Westerners Appear to Have
the Battle Well in
Hand.
Special Dispatch to .Th* Call.
NEW TORK, March 10.— For the fourth
time in the history of chess, players of
this country contested a match' on ten
boards against the best recognized players
of Great Britain. The series of contests
Is being played for a magnificent trophy
presented by Sir George Newnes, presi
dent of the British Chess Club, London.
The first match, in 1896, was won by the
Americans, but the second and third
matches, played in 1597 and 1898, were won
by the Britishers. b . f
The contest begun to-day was all the
more important because another victory
for the Britishers would have won for
them the trophy. ; Many metropolitan ex
perts were present in the assembly room
of the Brooklyn Academy of Music, where
this end of the match was played, under
the auspices of the Brooklyn Chess Club.
There were at least. 400 persons present.
The players were seated on a big platform
facing the spectators, and above them
were appended ten giant chess boards
with movable pieces, and as soon as a
move *was made either in Brooklyn or at
the Hotel Cecil, London, where the match
is being played under the auspices of the
British Chess Club, It was repeated on
the giant boards to enable the spectators
to follow the progress of the game from
move to move. The operators and the
representatives of the press were placed
in a room adjoining the big hall, close to
the players. No time was lost in repeat
ing the moves for the press and specta
tors.
The pairing was arranged as follows:
United States. Great Britain.
I— H. N. Pillsbury..vs..J. H. Blackburn.
2— J. W. Showalter.,v_..H. E. Atkins.
3— F. Harry vs..T. E. Lawrence.
4— A. B. Hodges vs.-E. M. Jackson. .
B— Edward Byrnes... V3..D. Y. Mills.
6— H. G. Volght .vs.. Herbert Jacobs.
7— S. P. Johnston... vs.. D. Locock.
B— B. F. Marshall... vs.. E. YVainwrlght.
9— J. Newman vs..G. E. H. Belllnsham.
10— D. G. Balrd vs..H. W. Trenchard.
The even number players of the Ameri
can team had the first move, and the
i odd numbered players on the British side
j also played the white pieces.
Play began at 10 o'clock. After a few
| opening moves were made on all the
, boards it was ascertained that the open-
I lug and defenses conducted on all the
i boards were those as given In the pairing.
Pillsbury played a two knights defense
against Blackburn. The latter tried to
! force matters by an attack, but Pillsbury
was all there, and the positions remained
even when the game was adjourned after
thirty-two moves. • ;,:.';--
On the second table Showalter played a
j Spanish game against Atkins. The latter
! selected a variation favored by Stelnitz.
i Eventually the Kentucklan seemed to get
j the position, and he kept it up to the
: time of adjournment, when thirty-two
I moves had been made. •
Another Ruy Lopez was played on the
| third table by Lawrence against Barry. |
■■ The Bostonian adopted the Berliner de- j
i fense and managed to get a fine game by ■
subsequent fine strategem. At the time
! of adjournment, and when Barry seated
his thirty-third move, the experts present
: thought he should win to-morrow.
Ruy Lopez No. 3 was played on the
fourth board. This time the champion
! of the Manhattan Chess Club, Hodges,
1 tried Spanish tactics against Jackson.
j The Englishman selected a flancheUe de
l fense made famous by Pillsbury. In the I
I course -of subsequent play the American j
! established a very fine position and when
the game was adjourned after twenty-six
moves Hodges was put down as a winner
■ to-morrow.
Hymes, on the fifth table, had also to
i contend against a Lopez against the Scotch
. champion. Mills. The latter won a pawn
: and had slightly the better position. An
interesting end game is looked for on the
I resumption of play to-morrow. Thirty-
I seven moves were made in this game.
Jacobs, who played a center counter
! gambit against Volght, got the worst of :
i the struggle, and a win for the Ameri
! can player Is anticipated. In this game ]
i thirty-three moves were made.
On the seventh table still another Ruy
Lopez was played between Locock and
Johnson. In this game there were many
ups and downs. First one and then the
other seemed to have the advantage, and
just at the time of adjournment the
game was drawn after thirty-one moves.
Marshall, the youngest player on the
team, the champion of the Brooklyn
Chess Club, and one of the most promi
nent players of the metropolis, opened
with his favorite PQ4 against Wainwright
on the eighth table. Marshall played
a very brilliant game, and although he
weakened at" one stage of the contest he
managed to come out with a good posi
tion shortly before the adjournment.
Thirty-two moves were made in this
BJ Beliingham's Ruy Lopez on the ninth
board against Newman was a success.
Twenty-eight moves were made on this
b °On d the tenth table the Spanish game
was played by Baird against Trenchard.
At first the Britisher had decidedly the
better petition. In the middle-game
stage, however, the American played
good chess and evened up the position.
Thirty-three moves were recorded.
It will thus be seen that the chances
for the Americans to win the contest and
the trophy are very bright and only a mir
acle seems to be able to save the Brit
ishers from disaster to-morrow.
A BOY ABSCONDER
CAUGHT IN SANTA ROSA
OSCAR ANDERSON, CHARLES
NELSON'S CLERK, ARRESTED.
William Baker and Lorenzo Peterson,
His Two Accomplices, Are in
the "Tanks" Here.
Oscar Anderson, the boy clerk in the
employment of Charles Nelson, proprie
tor of lumber mills, was arrested yes
terday afternoon at Santa Rosa on a dis
patch from Captain Bohen and Detective
T. B. Gibson will bring him back to the
city to-day.;§»y^ :'.'.';;
About thr^s weeks ago Anderson was
sent to the Crocker- Woolworth Bank with
two checks— to be paid to: Will tier,
Fuller & Co.. and the other, for $800, to be
disbursed ln paying the men on one of
Nelson's steam schooners. Anderson paid
the" check to Whittler, Fuller & Co., but
absconded with the $800 intended for the
crew. • -- -~- *, »'■'.!. ''—%''' tv- : "V ? : '■'-- ■■_-".* ' K -^-*~ "
The police ascertained that the boy had
got into bad company and had been play
ing the races. He was induced to steal
the money by William Baker, alias
"Dutchy," a brother of the pugilist, and
Lorenzo Peterson. Warrants were sworn
out for the arrest of the trio and since
then Detectives Egan and T. B. Gibson
have 'been working on -the case. They
traced the trio ' from Pleasanton, where
Anderson posted Whittler,. Fuller & Co.'s
receipt to Nelson, and from there to Sac
ramento, Ukiah, Geyservllle, Windsor,
and finally to Santa" Rosa. They pur
chased a' road house a few miles out of
Santa Rosa and. Baker and Peterson came
to the city quietly to make arrangements
for running it. The detectives yesterday
morning found Baker and Peterson in the
Dunlap House and took, them to "the
tanks'* at the City Prison.
Captain Bohen then sent a dispatch to
Santa Rosa to arrest Anderson, who had
assumed 'the name of Edward .Stanley,
and received a reply that he was in jail
there.
SANTA ROSA, March 10.— Oscar Ander
son, a warm young sport, who struck
town about three weeks ago with his
pockets tilled with 20-dollar gold pieces
and who since that time has been set
ting quite a hot pace for the amateur
bloods of this city, was arrested here this
afternoon by Officer L.lndley and lodged
in the County Jail, charged with embez
zlement.
Anderson, during his spectacular, career
in this city, has been known as Edward
Stanley, and he blew in on the evening
of Washington's birthday in company
with three other kindred spirits, who
registered at the Grand Hotel as L. Pe
terson, A. Smith and William Baker. Ba
ker claimed to be a pugilist and the oth
ers stated they were horsemen employed
at Ingleside and were enjoying a vaca
tion.
The morning after their 'arrival the four
visited a local livery stable, where Ander
son hired four rigs and all started out
for a drive, Anderson paying the bill
with great flourish in advance. Upon- re
turning to town in the afternoon the
quartet visited the clothing establishment
of H. L,. Tripp, on Fourth street, where
the Croesus purchased his three friends
each a suit of clothes 'and complete out
fit. '
During his stay here until a few days
ago Anderson spent money like water
and a number of the fair sex will mourn
his sudden removal.
About a week ago he. became the pro
prietor of a local road house near the
outskirts of the city and a few days later
his three friends departed for sections
unknown. The arrest this afternoon was
upon the request' of Chief Lees of -San
Francisco. When arrested Anderson ad
mitted he was the man wanted and he
was at once taken to jail, where he
passed the night.
WAS MRS. JOHNSON
RAILROADED TO JAIL?
HABEAS CORPUS BRINGS TO
LIGHT STRANGE FAC-~^
Case of a Woman Who Was Never
Tried, -et Was Serving a Three
Mo iths' Sentence for
Vagrancy.
Mrs. Mary A. Johnson was released
from- the County Jail yesterday morning
on the order of Judge Murasky, and there
by rests a story past explaining. It is
evident that Mrs. Johnson was "railroad
ed" to prison; how is a mystery, but sub
sequent developments may clear this haze
away.
Mrs. Johnson Is the wife of John A.
Johnson, a marble cutter, employed at
Holy Cross Cemetery, and the mother of
five children. Husband and wife did not
live happily together of late, and last De
cember Johnson applied for a divorce,
alleging intemperance as a cause of ac
tion. She filed an answer denying the al
legation, and in a cross-complaint charged
her husband with extreme cruelty. A few
weeks 'ago Mrs. Johnson was arrested
while on her way to her home, 503 Edna
street, the officer who arrested her charg
ing her with being Intoxicated. She was
taken to the City Prison and from there to
the County Jail to serve a three months'
sentence for vagrancy.
No record of Mrs. Johnson having been
found guilty of vagrancy appears on the
Police Court records, yet the commitment
bears the signature of Judge Conlan.
Judge Conlan admits that the signature
on the commitment appears to be genuine,
but does not recollect that Mrs. Johnson
was eVer tried in his court.
Later Judge Conlan discovered that
Judge Graham' had been sitting in the
case in his absence.
Such being the facts. Assistant District
Attorney Soloman, when habeas corpus
proceedings on behalf of the prisoner were
taken up by Judge Murasky, admitted er
ror and said that- no earthly right existed
for the woman's commitment.
The District. Attorney's office and C. E.
Phillips,. Mrs. Johnson's lawyer, will make
a thorough investigation, and In the event
of evidence of any ."crookedness" center
ing on any official there is trouble in store
for him.
Money for the Tax Collector.
The Finance Committee of the Super
visors, at its meeting yesterday, allowed
Tax Collector Edward I. Sheehan $10,500
with which to conduct his office until the
end of the fiscal year in»June. The latter
official has not as yet been able to esti
mate whether "the money will pay for all
the extra help required to handle the vol
ume of business that passes through the
office.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
! r Crlch. Montana J F Edwards, L Ang
! X E Pierce, S Jose J P Sousa. X V
I (' Schmidt, X V Miss Davies, X V
E Larlmore, Portland Miss Hoyle, X V
! If A ins worth & w. 111 F Christianer, X V
W Blackstone. Stanfd F Kimble, L Ang .
i W Shewwell. Stanford F McNeil A- w. Cal
;D E Levy &w. X V ,11 It Wright. Portland
! A C Luck, Texas Q Rimyan. Boston
A Strobbler, Yokohama II G Show, Ellis Op. Co
G W Squire, Japan W T Iron, Omaha
Mrs Crlsmer. Salt T^ike C Routledge, London
Miss Ollene. Salt Lake M Duval, Xcv
Mrs Rich. Salt Lake 'H W Peter, Butte
J Holmes, S Diego |R Rochester, Butte
C Fielding, Keswick [Mrs Powell, Chicago
L T Wright, Keswick (Miss M Powell. >"hlcag
i M Kahn. NY'- I Miss E Powell, Chicago
Mrs McCullen, Cleveld Mrs Hinckley, S Jose
Mrs' Hoyt & c. Wash S Rogers. Stanford
M Cudßhy, Chicago " J Otega. S* L Obispo
H Steining, Scotland R B Carson, Redwood-
C W Collier, X _ W M Kerr Jr. Stanfd
F Watson, Mass J L Bineseh, Denver
W B ("line. L Ang F H Stevens. USX
J Walsh. Port Huron • '
F W Copelln, Toledo Raymond - Whltcomb
C W Glllett, Chicago Excursion—
E F Johnson, Chicago H T Jldrldge & w
F Lamb & w. lowa Miss " Eleiridge
F S Fish ft w. Ind J Young ft w
Mrs Sargent. Chicago Mrs G P Grant
F Dean, Chicago W P I? Roberta ft w
Miss Ottman, Cal Miss E Roberts
R C King, X V Mrs S L Kingsbury
Mrs D D Xoyes. X V B H Cross, manager
Miss Hoyt. X V S W Hodger. Chicago
D McNeil. NY I
GRAND HOTEL.
E Park ft w, L Gatos J E Brown. Fresno
W H Lumsden. S Rosa:. Rowan & w. Fresno
L J Garner, Hay wards IE R Thomas, X V
R L Hutchinson, Cal |_J F McCullough,
H J Branche, S Jose B F MeCulloch. Cal
H C Thomas. Cal S Hauser, Salinas
E B Nelson. Olema J F Devendorf, S Jose
L Cordam. Pt Reyes A Ahlef, Colusa
p A Baker, Sonoma M E Martlnelii. Cal
G W Harney, Marysvl A S Riley, X V
R Eckhardt, S Jose I M C Mayer, Pa
Mrs T D Burns. X M Miss C Thompson. Pa
Miss E Burns. X Mcx W F Purnell. S,,ieto .
Miss M Burns. X Mcx E S Wollhorst. Sacto
D C Millner &w. 111 H Howe, Point Reyes
D D Warner, Or » 0 Condi n, point Reyes
A M Clair Jr. Or S P Cavanagh.MD.Cal
J C Hoffman. lowa Miss M J Cavanagh,
X Blackstock. Ventral Petaluma
B\A Plant. MD, S Crz A Manasse. Xapa
J H Milzner. Ariz IE Rhine. Clayton
T L Bell, Ben Lomnd C Hughes, Berkeley
L L Abercromble & .W.l-H Mclntyre, Berkeley
Tulare T P Keegan. S Rosa
Mrs L M Powell, Chgo I Blizzard. Colo
Miss M Powell. Chgo I Miss I Duff, Victoria
Miss E Powell. Chgo L Gerlach &w, Stktn
L Tiernan. Vallejo C X Woodruff, X* V
J D McDolorey, Cal
M Carter, Cal E D Grove, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. -
B Stein. Oakdale EH Akin, San Jose '
G Messer, S Rafael Miss G Akin. Texas
O J Downs. S Rafael H L Green, Sacto
G Wilson, Callstoga F Boyle, Fresno
H King, Manila B L Fenton. Chicago
H G Mason, NY M Bardln. Chicago
E C Crowder. St. Paul J D Casey, Stockton
G W Groom, Danville C- Lyons. X V
J E Hall, Danville H Hamilton, L Ang
■ ♦ ■ . —
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
L, ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. March 10.
Bktn S N . Castle, Hubbard, 15 days from'
Honolulu. -..
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived March Stmr Queen,
hence March 7; stmr Chas Nelson, from Seattle.
Sailed March 10— Schr Mary Buhne, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS. ;.:"..
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 10— Jap stmr
America Maru, hence Feb 21. - i- .--.'• ■:.
Sailed March 9— Br stmr Tacoma. for Ta
coma.
GALWAY — Arrived March 9 — Ger ' bark
Wlndsbraut. from Oregon.
LA UNION— March 7— Schr J B
Leeds, hence Jan 9.
• TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ,
NEW YORK— March 10— Stmr Edam,
from Rotterdam.
COPENHAGEN — Sailed March 8 — Stmr
Thlngvalla. for New York. ' - --; -•■'■
ALGlEßS— Arrived March 6— Stmr Alesia. fm
New York. .
MOVILLE— SaiIed March 10— Stmr Anchorla.
from Glasgow, for New- York.
GENOA— Arrived March 10— Stmr Ems. from
New York; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm 11, from New
York. -
LIVERPOOL— March 10— Stmr Brit
annic, from New York.
Palled March 10 Sttnr " Nomadic, for Now
York. -t^V •_•.; • •
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. a
Officers and members are requested _^\_
to attend the funeral of our deceased Tg jf
brother, P. F. MUFFE, frbm Masonic /NT >
Temple, on SUNDAY, March 12, at 1:30 p. m.
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON Lodge No. 260. F. and a
A. M.— The officers and members are -_#%_
requested to attend the funeral of iK, 3T
Brother ANDREW KERR IRVING, a'^r >
member of Solano Lodge No. 229 of Vallejo, '
Cal.. from Franklin Hall, 1839 Fillmore st.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) March 12, at 1:30
p. m. By order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., •
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS m m
(SATURDAY) EVENING. at 7:30 J\J\
o'clock. Third degree. Master Masons' ▼ A
ln good standing are invited. By order of the
W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. Q.« a
0. F.— The officers and the funeral yf
committee of the above Encampment >^^
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd * *•
Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and Seventh sts.,
on SUNDAY. March 12. at 1 o'clock p. m.
sharp, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late P. Ch. P., FR. P. MUFFE.
By order ('HAS. QUAST, Fin. Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. -*S^__%-
1. O. O, F.— THIS EVENING __ggj*ssg-
First Degree will be conferred by "^sgafß^s-
Berkeley Lodge No. 270, Memor- "'HW*--
lai Hall. A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
JOHN EDWARDS. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be ' held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March, JS99, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 17, 1599, at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from D. M. Butterfleld. in the Santa
* Cruz placer mine, near Qulncy. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out
pit: from the Hong Fat Company, ln the
Doh°rty mine, at Hnwland Flat, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings In the east branch
of Slate Creek; from Sam Ahtye. in the Span-
ish Flat mine, near La Porte. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in worked-out pits, and
from J. D. Wetmore and Martin Tufford. in
the Dry Creek mine, near Brownsville. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room ss,
Flood buildlnK. San Francisco, Cat, on March
20. 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; . whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes situation; also
2 second girls and a first-class seamstress.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT German woman: good cook and house-
worker; country preferred. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
ENGLISH nurse for children desires a situa-
tion; 4 years' references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
cooking, washing or ironing: $1 a day and car
fare. 6 Elizabeth place, off Folsom St., bet
Third and Fourth. Sf?fsl
SWEDISH lady would like office work or
chamberwork a few hours a day. Call or
address 1322 Montgomery st.
WANTED— By a German lady, sewing, second
Work or taking care of children; wages $20.
Call 9 to 12 and 1 to 5 p. m., 331% Bush st.
LADY with small child wishes situation i^small
wages, providing I can keep the child. 23%
Sixth st.
YOUNG lady having short hours downtown
would like to act as companion to lady: no
children or rooming houses. Box 40S, Call.
WOMAN wishes a 'position at light housework;
a good home more of an object than wages.
1418% Pacific st.
WIDOW wishes washing and plain sewing at
her home. 256% Tehama st. ; is a deserver.
SWEDISH woman wishes position as cook:
good worker; by the day. week or month. 132
Church st.
2 YOUNG ladle, wish situations as chamber-
maids in country; no waiting; experienced
and references. Box 152, Call office.
GOOD, quick dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. Call or address
MRS. J., 1317% Mission st.
GIRL wants place for upstairs work and sew-
ing. Call 1314 Baker st
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook
or general housework. Call 6050 Post st.
YOUNG German girl just from the East wishes
a position as companion to a lady, governess
for children or as second girl. Address 243%
Clara st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker will accept en-
gagements in families; $1 25 per day; cutting
and fitting a specialty; references. Apply at
1212 Scott st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires situation as
working housekeeper or on ranch; good cook;
references. Box 468. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wants a posi-
tion;- willing to travel Please call or address
626 Seventeenth "st, Oakland. -.' . -
THOROUGHLY competent working house-
keeper wishes situation; best of references.
Call at 2136 Howard st. No postals. ■'}':■•
CHEAPEST and best In America— .Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. •:.---
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
STRONG Swedish boy wishes place; under-
stands all kinds of work; city or country.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
YOUNG man wants work in private place; un-
derstands the care of horses, cows and gar-
den; good references; city or country. Address
' box 406, Call office.
HAVING small Income, will work cheap in
small grocery or cigar store or any light busi-
ness or work; highest references. Address
box 151. Call office.
YOUNG German gardener wants work about
private .place; can take care of horses, cows,
chickens; handy and obliging; good refer-
. ences. Box 409, Call office.
YOUNG man; competent bookkeeper, good pen-
man and quick at figures,' wants a position
in a business house: wages moderate; refer-
ences. Box 4543, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man would like situation as hotel night
clerk; can also run elevator. Call or address
R. EASTON, 1006 Washington St.
POSITION as" delivery wagon driver; knows
, city well. Call or address R. EASTON, 1006
Washington st. .":--'
FIRST-CLASS German gardener wishes .a posi-
tion to take charge of gentlemanis place; 12
years ln last place. . 564 Linden aye.
WANTED— Situations; man and wife to take
charge of country hotel or cook in camp; best
of references. Address 421 C Natoma st. • '-.
BRIGHT boy 12 years old wants a place to run
errands after school. 413 Stevenson st, near
Fifth. \ . •
BRIGHT young man,- 26, desires position of
any kind; menial or clerical; speaks Eng-
lish, French. German fluently; good penman; t
rapid at figures. MAILBOX. 218 Mason st.
YOUNG man speaking the English, French,
German and Russian languages desires situa-
tion. Box 566, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry cook wants
situation ln hotel or restaurant. Address box
1697, Call office. 1
YOUNG couple wish sltuatlbns on gentleman's
place In country where owner cannot attend i
or will work in small private family; wife
as cook, man, as orchardlst and all-round \
man; references exchanged. A. KELLER, j
NUes, Alameda County. . -' -
GARDENER, practical, Scotch, wants charge .
of private estate: understands all branches of |
greenhouse and outdoor work; no horses or '
• cows wanted'; best of recommendation; 6 years j
In last situation; married. Call or address V. ■
M. C. A.
A COMPETENT and experienced book-keeper, i
with excellent references, desires employment |
either for all or a portion .of his time. Box
1735. Call office. , -
A RESPESCTABLE young man. 22 years old.
just arrived in the country, wishes employ- •
ment In store or wholesale house; best refer-
ence. Box 467, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Contlns.-.
WANTED— Position by competent engineer and
electrician; good references. J. G. FINLEY,
933 Mission st. \
WANTED— By a middle-aged man to take car*
of a gentleman's place; can milk and take
care of a horse or two; city -or country;
country preferred. Address S. N.. 308 Hill st
GARDENER. German, honest, sober and indus-
trious, good ref.; careful driver; milk and
work around private family: very handy; city
or Oakland. Address box .344. Call.
GERMAN, 27 years old. offers his services as
accountant; ' speaks and writes Spanish and
English; 7 years abroad: best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 306 Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector by respectable
.young man living with parents; best refer-
ences. Address H. N. ___ 431 Larkin st
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
j ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
| HOUSEGIRL, Vallejo. $20; need not be a _ood
cook. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. $25: waitress
and chambermaid. Port Costa. $20; 6 wait-
resses. $20 and $15 per month. MISS (TL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding house, $30; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $6 and $5 per week. MISS CULLEN.
325, Sutter St.
GERMAN or Swedish waitress, $25, 2 In family.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
'MAN with a child, $10 to $15; housekeeper.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. Burllngame, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ■ •
NEAT girl, light upstairs work and read to a
lady, $12 per month and sleep home. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, $15, easy place.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
HEAD waitress, $25, hotel; a Catholic nurse,
$25; Protestant nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook. $35; 3 second girls,
$20 and $25; 20 housework girls, city and eoun-
trv, J-0 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL ORDERS .
8 waitresses, different country hotels, $20 an.l
$25; 2 chambermaids to wait, country, $20; 3
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6; silver pantry
girl, $20; 2 chambermaids, first-class city ho-
tel. $1S ,
FAMILY ORDERS
German cook, 2 in family, San Rafael, $25,
see lady here; 4 housegirls, $25; many cooks
and housegirls for city and country places. $15
to 325. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gentry st.
2 WAITRESSES and parlormaids, $25; 2 nurses,
$20; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; girl for house-
work, 3 ln family, $25; 3 cooks, $25, and a
great many girls for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
• 316 Sutter, st. .
COOK, small hotel, $25; chambermaid, first-
class hotel; 2 waitresses, hotel and restau-
rant, $20," and $5 week, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, $25: 3 second girls, $25 and $20;
cook and second girl, same house, $20 and $13;
2 cooks." $25 each; 2 house girls, $25 each; 8
house girls. $20 each: German woman to cook
for men, $25; a number of girls' for the coun-
try, $20 and $25. Apply lei MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st
WANTED— and wife for a ranch. $30;
French waitress and parlormaid. $25; German
waitress and parlormaid. $25; young Irish girl
for second work. $20; " French second girls,
$20; young German or Scandinavian cook. $30;
German second girl, $20. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st.
PROTESTANT woman for an institution to
make herself generally useful. $15; second
girl, $15; cook and laundress, $25; nurse for
sick child. $1 day. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. . ___
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MI-
CHELS*. 531 Mission. st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on wrappers, under-
skirts, shaker bonnets, cording, etc. Apply
H. FBIEDLANDER, 338 Fell St.
EXPERIENCED operators oh gents' white
custom shirts; steady employment. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls. Apply
HEYNEMAN & CO., 410% Mission st.
GIRL; light housework; plain cooking: small
family; $12. 1627 McAllister, bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— Young lady to assist ln light house-
work. 216 Kearny st. ; call from 11 to 5.
WANTED -Respectable young girl for light
housework. 509 Haight st.
GIRL for general housework; must understand
cooking; wages $15. 1614 Geary st.
WANTED— pants finisher; call early.
Room 72. Flood building.
YOUNG girl. 14 to 16. to assist w.ltb house-
work. 129. Olive aye., near Van Ness.
YOUNG lady, not over 20, to sell cosmetics in
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m. at 40 Geary st -__-
GIRL to assist in housework; no washing;
wages $8. 2131 Bush St.. 10 to 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED piano player for private class
in dancing. Box 396, Call office.
WANTED by physician, a competent woman
about 30: references. Box 401, Call.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladies'
wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st
FIRST-CLASS finishers; also apprentices on
custom coats. 541 Market st.
FOR city; lady or gentleman; good profits;
also agent every county. Rm 4, 408 Cal. St.
GIRL about 18 to assist with general house-
work and children; $S. Box 388. Call.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HELP 'WANTED
C HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
' Want for Railroad Work
Experienced rock and grading foremen
Stonemasons , Quarry men
Blacksmiths Harness-makers
Railroad camp cooks ■■■■ — .... —••
5 laborers, $1 75; 5 teamsters. $20 and board,
to go tO-nlght; all ■ for new work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
BROILER, restaurant, $60; second cook, hotel,
$35
Head' laundirman. country hotel, $35 and
found: hanger-up, $20 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
HORSESHOER. country, $35 to $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st \
PIANO player, country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
CARPENTER. $43 and found, steady country
lob- stableman, $25; German cabinet maker.
• MURRAY T READY, 634-636 C______ .
FOUR cooks. $30 to $45; ironer and polisher,
$1 50 to $2 a day; porter and runner...
4 waiters. $25 and $20. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. .
MURRAY & READY V'? ° ne M ' aln ; ,Mi?
Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
"..... WANT TO-DAY
B "men to work in hop fields, see boss here;
145 woodchoppers, $1 50 and $1 cord
89 tiemakers, 8c to 12c each....................
•> -raters for a vineyard. $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— for mine, $2 50 to $2 75
• day' miners. $40 and. board and $2 50 day;
stableman. $25 and found: first-class Ameri-
can farmer. $23 to $30. and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class German restaurant cook,
$70" restaurant cook, $30; waiter for institu-
tion $25; restaurant waiters, $10 a week: ho-
tel waiter $25: bedmaker and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT. & CO., 628 Sacrame% o st
WANTED— Gardener. $30; dairyman, private
place $25; second butler, $30; cook for small
French restaurant, $45; cook, chophouse, $30;
2 dishwashers, $15 and $25; shirt ironer. $30;
barkeeper, $40. etc.- ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton.
MINING carpenter wh6 understands timbering
and setting In block timbers, $2 75 to S3 a
day see boss here. For the woods— 3 bakers,
$30 and board, and 3 cross-cut sawyers. $26
and board. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S-610 Clay.
BUTLER. $40. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
CITY salesman; one who has had experience
with saloon trade;, position permanent; good
I salary- state references; only first-class sales-
j man wanted." Box 402, Call office. -
I GOOD barber for" Saturday; wages $3; call
at 8 o'clock. 623 Clay st.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
I 1661% Mission St.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
! day; good wages. 302 Montgomery aye.
1 BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
103 Fourth St. ' .
WANTED— more barbers; steady; 70 per cent.
212 Third st. ■" ■ .
GOOD barber for Saturday afternoon; no other
need apply. 3250 Mission st.
BARBER wanted. 2 Sutter St.
GOOD sober bedmaker wanted; $15 and room
664 . Howard st
YOUNG man to go whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. LEVY, corner Battery and Jackson.
CLERK to wait on store. Northwest cor. Lar-
kin and Greenwich sts., bet. 7 and 8 p. m.
COAT maker wanted. 416 Montgomery ay*. -jHELP WvXTLJ- Continued.
WANTED— Good upholsterer; must be steady,
reliable man. Apply 9 Geary st., room 2.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es- i
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses i
to start. Manufacturer, bos 826, Chicago, 111. !
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some i
nearly new, from 60c to $1 50; new shoes,
slight damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. ; open Sundays.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting. 35c
to 50c. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; wares $7 per
week and found. Apply Call office.
EXPERIENCED tea and coffee man; country
route; liberal start; state exp. Box 260, Call.
BOY to learn underpressing on custom pants.
541 Market st.
' RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and •' feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Plpemakers; 10 first-class round
seamers; none but experienced men need ap-
ply. .1. D. HOOKER CO., factory 202 Rail-
road st., Los Angeles.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Heiuse. 217 Third st. 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SALESMAN, city and country; staple goods;
factory to consumer. Call 1171 Mission st.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarnt'd.
IIOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero st. : r
WANTED— At Montana House. 764_ Mission
st.. men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c per
night 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Maiket st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13S _ Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell use. Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House. 106>_ Third — Furnished
rooms. 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
sole'.ng, 35c; only one price. it: Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, SI
.tos2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 563 _ Market st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 564 Davis St., near Jaokson.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, largo sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale 1! us.-. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2"c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., nea- Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
• 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted for Handy Harness Machine;
e-vervbodv wants it; big money made; terri-
tory or counties assigned; .ample expressed,
prepaid, ?1 50. State agency, 5S Third st,
AGENTS evervwher*; newest dresscutting sys-
tem: big profits. J. G.. box 567. Call office.
CITY and country. to sell Leather Lustre; best
'25c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
BE wise and get ln while the proposition is
new and make -.rood money. 153 Seventh st.
ROOMS WASTED.
vN TED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
eeping: rent low. Address 526 Turk st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR BALE.
ROOM HOUSE
$250 CASH; BAL. $10 PER MONTH.
l-rnom house; new furniture $ 450
i-rocm house; good and paying 275
room flat; cheap rent 175
■ room flat: down town 300
)-room house: new furniture
)-room corner house; clears $350 2000
;-mcm house: clears $150 550
j rooms; corner: clears $250 1580
i rooms: near City Hall; very good . 4 ■">
'. rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
! rooms on Market; cxc. for large house. 500
i rooms; best cor. in city; owner 5ick... 2200
i roeims; rent $"" (transient): half cash. .loso
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
ill on IE C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
A- KREDO A- CO. 22 „ Geary
;cney advanced on all houses,
i rooms; Market st. ; clears $150 $1500
i rooms; south of Market; transient 1100
I rooms; housekeeping: clears $100 800
I rooms; Geary, near Plaza Bdo
.' rooms; Market; always full 1200
i rooms; Third st. : clears $75 650
7 rooms; Stockton; new and good., 1150
11 rooms; nicely furnished; clears $30.... 200
) rooms; ele_ant home; all new 600
.rooms; flat; cheap rent ■■■■■■J* j0
Call and get list KREDO.
- SPECIAI ANNOUNCEMENT
WE DESIRE TO CALL THE ATTENTION
OF OUR FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC THAT
WE SAVE MOVED TO 1026 MARKET ST.,
R. H. WINSTON & CO. .
is rooms; cheap rent; new: bargain $350
22 rooms: rent $30: give away 300
85 rooms: corner: A No. 1 "--■_
SS rooms; rent $65; investigate i>oo
4'i rooms: will trade: corner -000
SO rooms: rent $50; only ■ • «o0
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
JSC"— 7S ROOMS; corner house; 40 rooms: fur-
nished; cheap rent; $100 a month profit.
$1250 — Buys a 2!-room corner house.
SSso— slso down: 12-room house: bargain.
Money' loaned on furniture. EITEL, 1016 Mkt
I R • 606 Shotwell..sll'3 rooms; 650 Jessie.. slo
8 rooms; 522 Fe11. .512 14 rms.; 250 Tehama. 8
4 rooms; 177 Russ. S|4 rms.; 232 Natoma. 10
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
20 VACANT rooms at 15 Powell st. Ap*ply to
A. M. SPECK „ CO., 667 Market st. __
C D- DAVIS & CO. have three buyers for good-
raying lodging houses: list your place If you
want to sen it. 646 Market st.
A BARGAIN— furnished rooms: good, steady-
roomers: must sell; going East. 259 Ste-
v enson st. -^
"VOTIVE— 2OO lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
js;n— B-irgaln: 1" rooms and bath: elegantly
furnished; all rented. 770 O' Farrell ; 12 to 3.
• $175— 81G bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
Jones st. _________________—_____•
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
DENTISTS.
_ niL T S. __IGGTNS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bids.. '.'27 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
v.c "carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC 809 Mar-
ket St., corner Fourth, room i, Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 _
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday,
9.0 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see- new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Pari 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and tills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crown.', $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5: crowns, $3; fillings, 60c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work, lowest prices: ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
ituarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, or. Gth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
LOST.
$10 REWARD— Lost 2 weeks last Sunday, small
white fox terrier bitch; name Queenie; had on
nickel collar: had long ears, black and tan
head black spot on end of back. Return 1620
Eddy st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of GEORGIE PECKHAM; No. 204-
-1339; the finder will please return to bank.
STOKA4-!
E-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance., etc. 725 Market; tel. Black 311.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$225— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE _; UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$350— Corner saloon: Battery and Sacramento
sts. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$300— BRANCH bakery With 4 living rooms;
i rent $20; on McAllister st. daily receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG. KM Market st.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
• lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location: close to California on
Kearny st. ; rent low. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUG, 906 Market st. ;
$2000— BAKERY; Western Addition: kept by
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; owner compelled by
sickness to retire. Particulars WILKE ii
UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A~sl7so— SALOON on Stockton and Market sts.;
established many years and first-class; pay-
ing: 3 years' lease; an excellent opening,
sickness cause of sale. WILKE & UNFUG.
9C6 Market st.
A— sl2oo- ATTENTION, doctors'. A private dis-
pensary ana gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established many years; the
best paying ln California; diseases of men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898. $4131", proprietor to
retbe to private life. ParticuWr- WlLh.-. As
UNFUG, &_ Market st. _____
$1500; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest Investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
ness! Call on WH-t-E & UNFUG. »_ Market.
SALOON; north of and near Market st.;
heart of city; old established, well known
and popular resort; full value in sight; busi-
ness speaks for itself; thorough investiga-
tion afforded; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$4500— GROCERY (no bar); best part north
Market st.; value in stock; all saleable and
first class; strictly cash business; best class
trade; receipts from $60 to $80 daily; reason-
able rent; thorough investigation Invited;
owner has country property needing atten-
tion; unequaled bargain. M. LESS, 160 Mkt.
$"~700— SALOON; good location; 30 rooms; all oc-
cupied; big bar trade; value in sight; business
speaks for Itself; actually worth $3000; trial
given; nothing can beat this. LESS, 765 Mkt.
WANTED— A man with small capital capable
of doing plain office work: best business of
its kind in city; trial, M. LESS, 765 Market.
BAZAAR, stationery and notion busi-
ness- good part north of Market st.; living
room's: rent only $20; full value In stock and
fixtures; paying concern; proof; seller there 8
years; sickness In family cause of sale. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
t"000-60 ACRES improved first-class fruit and
grain land; best county of State; actually
worth $3500; satisfactory reasons for sale.
LESS, 765 Market st. ■
WE buy sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
RESTAURANTS, branch bakery. lodging
houses, saloons .and cigar stores in all parts
of city; all prices. NATIONAL AGENCY,
7 Grant aye.
WANTED~~~Steady, sober man to take one-
third interest in collection office; large pro-
fits- small capital; no fake; no experience.
Apply NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
SALOONS, $150 up: cigar stores, $175 up; gro-
ceries $350 up; delicatessens, $150 up; lodging
houses, all sizes, all prices; ranches, etc., for
exchange. JONES & LAWN. 719 Market st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market st.. for square dealing.
$150— 'ALE interest in good-paying business;
$75 per month each. 1055 Market st-
RESTAURANT: fine business $850
restaurant; doing good business L
Pacific Business Exchange, 1055 Market at.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc.. call on CLARK & CO., room 509, Ex-
aminer buiidl'ig. ______
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Market :
FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
business; thriving town; owner other busi-
ness; must sell. JONES & CO.. 565 Market.
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. lOCS'. Market st.
$15,000— BUSINESS comer; lot 75x109, with 2-
story building; rents for $100 per month; will
exchange for ranch; situated 1 block from
Market-st. Station. $250 cash, balance $1000
can remain; cottage of 5 rooms and bath, lot
25x125 situated Adeline st., near Eighteenth.
W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh St.. Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale— A cozy barber shop and cigar stand:
doing good business; owner leaving city;
sickness cause. Address box 50. Call office.
FAMILY liquor store on liveliest street in
town- no lunch, no chairs, no credit; good
reasons for selling. Box 405, Call office.
CORNER grocery, bar an.l furniture; cheap;
sell on account of other business. Twenty-
fifth and Capp sts.
MUST be sold; good business, horse, wagon,
buggy and harness: to be sold cheap; party
leaving city. 3786 Seventeenth st.
For sale— First-class bakery; receipts $10 per
day; good prices. 1537 O'Farrell st.
SALOON; central location; stock and fix-
tures in value. Inquire 423 Rush st.
$60— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $12. 1024 Larkin st.
FOR Sale— Grocery and bar; 3 living rooms.
Call 2400 Larkin st.
$15 A WEEK to reliable man who can loan
employer $200. Call 73 Third st.
$350— FOR sale— Wholesale district: nicely fit-
ted up saloon, with lunch kitchen; half cash;
rest on easy terms. Box 261, Call office.
GENERAL merchandise store: fine location.
Address postoffice box 71, Vacavllle, Cal.
CIGAR store for sale. 41 Fourth St.
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business;
sickness cause for selling. Box 398. Call.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. B. PURDY'S
brokerage office, 45 Sutter St., opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest new York and
Chicago markets^ _____
WANTED— Business or half Interest by young
man with some business experience and small
capital; must bear strict Investigation; no
agents. Box 347. Call office.
GOLD in California Every person having $10
cash and can pay $10 month for four months
can secure income of $«0 monthly, $963 per
year. Address box 367, Call office. »
$1200— PARTNER wanted in established liquor
store; fine outside trade; good location; cheap
rent; big stock on hand; no agents. Box
346. Call office.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus: doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Haight st.; no agents.
SPLENDID opportunity; one of the best known
nesses in Alameda; established 14 years;
well paying: for sale. Address box 440. Call.
FOR sale A good-paying route on this paper.
For particulars call or address 219 Liberty st.
SALOON. Inquite Anchor Brewery after 3
p. m.
BARGAIN— hair barber shop; must be sold
at nee. 1203 Valencia st.
RESTAURANT. Sixth st.; established 10 years;
good business; $600. Apply Call office.
FOR sale A fine-paying stationery store; good
location. Apply at 321 Sansome st.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission St., nr. 6th.
SHOE Fhop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work: low rent. 332 Bush st.
HAY, grain, wood and coal business: on ac-
count of sickness; all for $275. Box 215. Call.
RESTURANT; good location; cheap; fine fix-
tures; value in sight. Apply Call office.
BARGAIN; 2-chair barber shop; doing
good business. 621 Sacramento st.
WELL-ESTABLISHED carriage, wagon wood-
working business; fine shop. 332 Thirteenth.
RELIABLE, profitable business for small capi-
tal. Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
M pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CArfJPET CLEAXIXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.',
SS and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 3i>4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private-
no fee without success; collections <; w'
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton."
ADVICE free; divorce law; private: estates. J
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister, nr. Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law: costs advanced in
good cases. ROSS. 1236 Market st., room 127.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St. ' |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1899.
HOUSES TO "LET. ''•;"!
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; large lower
part can be used for most anything; 4 horse
stalls; rent very low; owner obliged to move
j on account of other business. Apply at prem-
! ises, 2319 Mason st.
1 ELLIS, 1458— Sunny six rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgom-
ery st. j .
' CLIPPER, 144—14 rooms, stable; reduced from
$27 60 to $20. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket St., opposite Kearny.
I TWENTY-FIFTH, 3122. corner Harrison— Pleas-
ant sunny 4-room house, facing Garfield Sq. ;
large yard; rent reduced to $12; water free.
' HOUSE, 322 Oak St.: 8 rooms; newly renovated;
I porcelain bath; large cellar.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
VERY nice 6-room house for $8; go see It. 401
Greenwich st., cor. Kearny.
TWO-STORY house. 6 rooms and bath;
water free. 707 Ellis St.. near corner Larkin.
$10 50— HOUSE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468 Lin-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FUR.MSHED HOUSES TO LET.
NICELY furnished sunny house of 7 rooms
and bath in desirable part Western Addition;
large garden; reasonable; ref. Box 403, Call.
10-ROOM house, well furnished. Western Ad-
dition. Apply SAUNDERS, 938 Geary st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large yard and base-
ment. 214 Colllngwood st., bet. 19th and 20th^
CORNER Willow and Encinal ayes., 7 rooms,
bath; rent $20; for sale cheap; Alameda.
$6 EACH; cottage, 5 rs. ; 2 new tenements of 4
rs. ; nr. 34th and Miss. Apply C! Sliver, off 3d.
SUNNY cottages of 5 rooms: also flat, 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth st., nr. Dolores.
$67.0 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District.
FLATS TO LET.
ol^^Gl-_~~~r^ARI_~A~V'ENUE.
3 lower flat, 4 r.... 515 27, upper flat, 4 r....514
5, lower flat, 4 r... 15|34, third flat, 4 r.... 12
No. 32, house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry $25
On Twelfth st. ; 5 rooms, bath, laundry.. s22 50
Gardens in front, large yards in rear; most
picturesque avenue in city; in warm belt; dry
atmosphere and beauty of surroundings
make It most desirable for bronchial or lung
troubles, bet. Mission & Howard, 12th & 13th.
DEMPSTER BROS., 320 Sansome St.. rm. 22.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1220 Laguna; 8 r... 53512328 Fillmore; 6 r....525
1222 Buchanan; 7 r. 35 j 3033 California;, 6 r... 20
HIS Guerrero; 10 r. 4" 1 1609 Turk; 6 r 18
642 Howard; 6 r. . . 201 41 Hill: 5 r 17
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD st., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
$17.
599 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; lower 4 rooms;
* 13 - - «,.
47 Pond st.; upper sunny d rooms; $14.
AN elegant upper 7-room flat, bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2.
p. m. 71SA Bush st.
A— sl2; HANDSOME sunny corner upper flat, 4
rooms and bath. 23d and Harrison sts. ,
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement: rent reduced very low.
DEVISADERO, 140S, between Geary and O'Far-
rell — 6 sunny rooms; bath; rent reasonable.
FLAT to let. with latest modern improve-
ments: 112 Carl st., bet. Cole and Stanyan,
near University: rent $IS.
FURNISHED flat to rent, or would sell furni-
ture, being nearly new. 3337 Twenty-second
st., near Valencia. • ■'■ .'
MCALLISTER. 635— Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER. 1721—7 rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; rent $25. ASHTON &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
NEW sunny flat, 5 rooms, laundry and bath;
frescoed ceilings; fine view; $15. 374S Twen-
ty-second St., near Castro; water free.
NEAR Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine top flat. 4
sunny rooms. 60 Ivy aye. _____
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st, _____
SACRAMENTO, 1465, near Hyde— 5
sunny rooms, bath; gas; yard.
$12— SHIPLEY, 2598, near Sixth— Flat, 5 rooms,
bath;, gas; mantel; folding doors.
$13— LOWER flat, 5 rooms; bath; big yard.
2578 Clementina" 6t.
URXISH g_f-_ _ A t s -
FURNISHED flat, 5 rooms complete; respect-
able neighborhood; parties going to their
summer home; responsible parties only. 311
Taylor; 2 to 4 p. m.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Front housekeeping, bath
anej laundry. $7 up.
EDDY, 207— One large pleasant front room;
complete for housekeepnig; also single rooms.
EDDY, Connecting housekeeping rooms,
upper or lower floor; also single sunny room.
EDDY, 917— Two sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; every convenience; private resi-
dence. ' ,
ERIE, 47. bet. 13th and 14th— clean sunny con-
venient' rooms; garden; $9.
FIFTH, 153% R00m furnished complete for
running water; other rms: quiet house.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms, complete; bath; private; $10.
FOLSOM, 863 — 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms, with yard; furnished complete.
HOWARD, 761_— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; kitchen; man and wife.
HOWARD. 1214—2 or - 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
JONES, Neatly furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping; also single rooms. $12 and $3.
JONES, 507—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas; large yard; $15.
METCALF place, 1, bet. Mason and Taylor—
4 rooms for housekeeping; unfurnished.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Large sunny base-
ment room; water, stove, closets; private
family^
MINNA, 11%— Furnished bay-window house-
keeping room, $1 50 and $1 25 week.
MISSION. 1747—2 sunny front suites, $10; stove,
water; also single rooms.
NINTH 20 near Market— bay-wind'
' suite, '$12:' single: stove; water; gas.
OAK, 31—1, 2 and 3 housekeeping rooms; front
room; gas range; water; bath.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, folding bed; bay-window, water,
double bed.
O'FARRELL, 1023—3 large newly furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
POLK 1602—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$8; or more rooms if required; furnished
front room.
SIXTH 216%— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms'; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; also single; reas.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
"^ housekeeping; rent cheap.
TEHAMA, 62, near Second— Lower part of
house, 3 large rms and closets; good order; $9.
THIRD. 340— sunny room complete for
housekeeping; rent $6.
VAN NESS AYE.. 1021— front sunny suite of
3 rooms; kitchen; gas, range; bath.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered. $5 per me. nth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
. ROOM! TO BT '
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
' Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
\ bath; rooms, »0c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 14A Geary— Double bed, hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 60 a week.
AT _ 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3;' single, $1 to $1 50; night, 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant corner rooms;
sun all day; all conveniences; elevator; fam-
ilies and gentlemen. ;
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 634. The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms. $7 to $15 per
month; others, $6 upward.
GEARY, 622— Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern^ conveniences; also one small.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 603—3 furnished rooms;
double or single; gas and bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—1 large sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone. , . .
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— ; family
I rooming-house; $160 to $6 per week.
"ROOMS TO LET— Continued. • •.'
HARRISON, Suitable for a merchant or
clerk, one large richly furnished- front room:
convenient for 2; also 1 small; bet. Second
and Third sts.: on hill overlooking city
limits, with beautiful surroundings; fogless
district; reasonable.
HOWARD, 946— A sunny bay-window suite, or
will rent separate. ,
HOWARD, 1113 ! , i— Sunny front bay-window
room; $8.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Sunny nicely furnished
parlor floor; also front room for gentleman.
McALLISTER. 519— Newly furnished sunny
rooms, $6, $8 and $10; board If desired.
MISSION, 1520— Furnished room In private fam-
ily, $6; 'with use of piano. •.
NATOMA 252, near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms; rent $6; with sink and running water.
NATOMA, 606— furnished room, .$6. per
month; and one small, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 416— Nice sunny rooms by the
day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 502, Jones, 503— Changed hands;
newly furnished sunny single or en suite, $6
per month up.
O'FARRELL, 750—1 large room suitable for 2;
also 1 single room; ln private family.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny— furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; $5 up.
POST, 239— Elegant sunny corner rooms; all
conveniences; families and gentlemen.
SACRAMENTO. 1621— Furnished back parlor
for 1 or 2; reasonable; private family. .
SECOND, Sunny room for respectable
working lady; top flat.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 834— Furnished parlor suite; adapted
to physician or dentist; other rooms. .
TURK, 132— large sunny rooms. .i
TURK, 529— Sunny furnished room; running
water; use of bath; also single rm; $1 25 wk.
WEBSTER, 711—4 large sunny unfurnished
rooms to let; modern improvements: rent $17.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HYDE, 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny, rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
SUTTER, 112S Nicely furnished rooms over-
'garden, with excellent board; desira-
ble location. '
RESTAURANTS.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.; popular prices.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
2 CHILDREN to board; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress MRS. W., Call branch office, 1941 Mis-
sion st.
CHILDREN boarded in country: good home;
mother's care; Pleasanton. Address box 9SS,
Call office. _________«__________
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st. ".--'.-- -
FINE large corner store; basement; good loca-
tion; near Mission High School, Eighteenth
and Dolores: also small one: rent very cheap.
GOSSELK BROS., 102 Sixth st
LARGE well lighted basement underneath Ger-
man Methodist Church; suitable for kinder-
garten school or store room. 86SB Folsom.
EIGHTH 132, cor. Natoma— New building, cor-
ner store; suitable for grocery and bar.
I
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICES, light and sunny, Emma Spreckels
building, 927 Market St.: rent $12 50. includ-
ing light, heat. Janitor and telephone. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL, 143— Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor in last 6 years: furnished.
MARKET, 1206— Sunny comer, suitable for
offices; also furnished rooms.
___________________
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS.' J. J. WHITNEY, trance medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p.m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 50c: gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. LENEMAR. 472 Stevenson, cor. 6th; for-
tunes by planets; predicted 1874 overdue stmr.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: 'ladles,
2.V; gents, 50c. 1063 Mission st. near Seventh.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 153_ Sth. r. 2L
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events, BOc: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
" ~~ PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
main" 3338 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos Tor $3. $4 and
$5. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe. good as new.
upright, rosewood: Chickerlng, used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed Aye
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st':; v
ELEGANT Hallett & Davis upright, beautiful
case, fine tone, sacrificed by private party.
Room 10, Flood building.
BARGAIN in fine upright piano at room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye. ■
NEW pianos, stool and scarf,. $3 per ma. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st,.
UPRIGHTS," $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Elll3.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
* McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post St.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mau zy 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
TYPEWRITER..
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25: Caligraph. $15: Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st. I
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 2 lbs coffee, '-"•: 10 lbs beans. 25c; corn-
meal, 20c sack; oatmeal, 35c sack; sugar-
cured hams, 10c lb; 20 lbs rice; $1: 12 cans
corn, $1; 13 cans tomatoes, $1; 10 cans table
fruit. $1; 10 cans baked beans. $1; 20 cans
sardines, $1: 13 cans oysters, $1; 7 cans best
Jelly, $1; 25 lbs prunes. $1; IS lbs granulated
sugar, $1; flour. 85c sack. LINCOLN BROS.,
Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth St., above Folsom.
PRIVATE residence for ladles in delicate
health. MRS, DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth, Alameda.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
LEDERER'S Quinonia, the best hair tonic, is
without a rival; costs but little; only 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
I I DO the most fashionable halrdressing in town
for 35c only; hair rolls. 35c; good switches, $1:
fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo, 5c
pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to 56 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no In-
jection. Gurntd. Dr.Gordin. sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny.
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market st., rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed at Harmonic
Life Institute, 236 Powell St.: test free.
BATHS, 12% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds 18 50; bedrm .sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st. _
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, milli-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch., 103 Post.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safej and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find ln
• her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
'• solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed.
- without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8; Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that . restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used: self cure, $;>;
home in confinement: skillful medical atten-
tion: all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1223 Market St.;
' pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how ling standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free: traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed ; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023 1 Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. 'DR. KOHL, hours 10 to 5 p. m., 1122
' Market st., between Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions:
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th-Bth, tel. Mint 1633.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," th" great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home ln confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; sare cure; $2 50;
expressed c O. D. ; don't d.-lay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
BUCKEYE capsules, a boon to married ladles:
harmless, safe, sure; $1 box; sample box 25c.
Buckeye Co., Station M, San Francisco, Cal.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540 _ Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
LADIES— Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles: $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1113 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
__________
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Maiket,
327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale -Family horse, harness and buggy;
cheap. 870 Howard st.
WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES. •
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 823 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-band machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
PAINTERS' staging, paints, varnish, enamels,
hru; ,'■'*». etc.; good, complete outfit for man
going ..i business; cheap. . 403 Stevenson St.,
corner of Fifth.
A BEAUTIFUL 10 stone diamond crescent lace
pin for $75; cost originally $160. UNCLE
HARRIS, 13 Grant aye.
TWO burner blue flame oil stove; used only 1
month; price, $6. 126 Ash aye.
ENGLISH made hammerless shotgun and
various Jewelry, cheap, to immediate pur-
chasers. L. 8., box 352, Call office.
FOR $1 will be sent to any address recipe for
mixing one of the best fire and waterproof
roofing paints ever used at a cost of less
than 10 cents per gallon. Address W. W.
PIKE, box 217. Bar Mills. Buxton. Maine.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
GAS and gasoline engines: all sizes and
prices; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 Cal. St.
A LAUNDRY riant complete: dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale St.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 64S Mission St.
OVERSTOCK— Germain Billiard Co. ; tables,
.saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100: 2, $125;
3, $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission st: tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will
H fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
' sizes; half original cost 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SEWING ______________ ~
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
„ ______________
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes St.: all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
ahd residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
A -WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MISSION COTTAGES —
Four, 5, 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; -bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder. -j
j COTTAGE, 4 rooms: lot 28x70; cheap. 7 Church
lane, near Sixteenth st.
; NEW— Corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth
sts.; 6 rooms, bath; marine view; street work ]
done; small cash payment; lot 27:6x110.
$4300— FLATS for sale on Pine st. Inquire of
J. H. GOLDMEYER. 576 Howard St.
VALENCIA st., near Twenty-second— Any size,
with double frontage. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER. 411 Montgomery st
FIFTH-ST corner; business property; sub-
stantial building: never vacant. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— Offer chicken and duck ranch; 3
acres; house 8 rooms, barn, etc.; Glorietta,
8 miles from Oakland. CAPT. A. JENKINS,
North Temescal.
2 ACRES; small house of 3 rooms: barn; about
60 fruit trees; fine place for chicken ranch;
located about 2 1 ,. miles north of Haywards;
very cheap. ARMSTRONG. Real Estate
Agent, Haywards.
A BARGAIN— acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose, .bet. Warm
Springs and Mllpitas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance grain land; good 9-room house, barn,
well, windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh St., Oakland.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Bth floor Mills bdlg., S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY WANTED.
BUSINESS corner property wanted; $5350 cash.
W., box 407. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-09 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, . 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 0 1 . per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
.tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
BORROW money on Indorsed paper or your
salary; small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003 1 . Broadway,
Oakland; hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— loan of $3000; same to
be Invested in safe mercantile business in
city by a person fully capable and thor-
oughly acquainted in his line; security; 20-
-year tontine life Insurance policy: non-for-
feiture; old line company; for $6000; on which
9 years paid to date; rate 6 per cent; investi-
gate. Address A. P.. box 397. Call office.
financial! ~
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Emamlner big.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merki. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten, 1001 Sutter st
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTA-'E.
FOR sale— At a sacrifice, $3300, $1000 cash, new
modern 8-room house on East Oakland
Heights; 50-foot lot; fine view: take car at
Twenty-third aye. station. OWNER, 1188
East Twenty-third st.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS WANTED.
PROFESSOR of music, use of room exchange
for piano lessons. C. R., Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
Elegant new home, 8 rooms: lot 42x138:
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash, $25 per mo.
$2600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high school; •
terms $400 cash, $25 per month.
$3500— house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150; fine
location; San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner. 25x82:6: store and flat
above; new and modern; must be Bold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st
BARGAINS. i
Several 5 and 6 rooms cottages; small pay-
ment down: balance on time to suit; must
sell. A. R. DENKE SR.. Webster st. station.
ALAMEDA HOUSES. i
FURNISHED cottage, 5 large rooms. Apply
at 1812 Willow st, Alameda. -
BERKELEY' REAL ESTATE.
For sale or rent, 11 acres adjoining University
grounds: good house, barn, etc. DR. S. M.
MOUSER. 7"7 Bush St.. San Francisco.
~~ SAN RAFAEL HOUSES. I
FOR Rent— Furnished house. 9 rooms and bath:
2 blocks from West End Station: stable and
outhouses, with large lot: some trees: $40 per
month for 4 months or more. J. TUNSTEAD,
San Rafael. Cal.
.HARRIAGE LICENSES. .
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows: i
Antonio Leonetti and Mary Thomas 47-39
Harold W. Lindhard and Cora E. 5mith.... 25-18
J. W. Schlosser and Nellie C. Vanderbllt..26-2-
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed '
In at either of the publication offices and.be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LIND— In Isleton, Sacramento County, to the
wife of John Llnd, a son.
REED— In this city, March 3, 1899, to the wife !
of J. A. Reed, a daughter. •
i___\l{JL_E_X
SCHAUMLEFFEL— STIEBER— In this city, :
February 25, 1899, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
- William Schaumleffel and Louisa Stieber.
DIED.
Bozzo, Nicholas Kane, William F.
Carolan, Peter . Keefe, Mathew
Dixon. Charles F. Kennedy. Christina
Doheney. Mary McNerney. John J.
Eden, Benjamin Macpherson. Charles
Fitzpatrick. Edward Miller. Alexander F.
Fowler, Col. D. D. Muffe. Dr. F. P.
Frank, Kate Nelson. Harold
Calvin, William I. O'Brien, Kate C.
Gimbel. William Schulte. Mary A.
Gregoire, Pauline Simpson, George P.
Hubert, Mrs. H. Tourny, Louisa
Irving, Andrew K.
BOZZO —In Mountain View. Santa Clara
County, March 9, 1899. Nicholas, dearly be-
loved husband of Lizzie Bozzo, father of
Harold and Philip Bozzo, son of Emmanuel
Bozzo, and brother of Michael, Charles and
Lena Bozzo and Mrs. Charles Krefss. a native
of San Francisco, aged 32 years 4 months and
15 days.
I-J'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from
Mountain View, Santa Clara County, thence
by train to Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
CAROLAN— In this city, March 10. 1599. Peter,
dearly beloved son of Lawrence and Annie
Carolan, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 3 months.
DIXON— In this city. March 10, 1899, Charles
F. Dixon, dearly beloved brother of Joseph
L., Harry C. and George A. Dixon, a na-
tive of Mayfleld, Santa Clara County, Cal.,
aged 22 years 1 month and 29 days.
lT_rFriends and acquaintances can view the
remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 Mission street, near Eighth, up to 8
a. m. on Sunday, March 12. Interment Mar-
tinez. Cal.
DOHENEY— In this city. March 10, 1899. Man",
beloved wife of William F. Doheney. and
mother of Mary. /William J., Julia and the
late Katie Doheney, a native of Urllngford,
County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 62 years.
tryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14 Henry street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. «
EDEN— In Mount Eden. March 8. 1899. Benja-
min, beloved husband of Eva Eden, and
father of August, Emma, Annie, Frank.
George and Mary Eden, a native of Germany,
aged 65 years 4 months and 10 days.
(C - 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, near Mount Eden. Interment
Mount Eden Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, March 9, 1899,
Edward J., beloved son of the late Bridget
Fitzpatrick, and nephew of James and John
Coyne and Mrs. M. A. Connor, a native or
Birmingham, Conn., aged 32 years.
FOWLER— In this city. March 9. 1899. Colonel
D. D. Fowler, a native of Missouri, aged 00
years. . _ __.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. Cv O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In*
terment Masonic Cemetery. •
FRANK— In Alameda, March 10. 1899. Kate
Frank (nee Schuler), beloved wife of Andrew
A. Frank, a native of Germany, aged «
years.
. 'Notice of funeral hereafter.
GALVIN— In this city. March 10, 1899. William
1., beloved son of John and Annie Galvln,
and brother of Patrick J., John T.. George T.
and the late Hannah R. and Daniel F. Gal-
vin. a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 25 days.
GIMBEL— this city, March 8, 1899, William,
beloved husband of Lizzie Gimbel. father of
Willie. Karl and George Gimbel. and brother
of Karl Gimbel, a native of Langgoens, Hes-
sen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged 41 years and 3
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 9 Graham place, thence to Eintracht
Hall, Twelfth and Folsom streets, where the
services will be held under the auspices of
the Verein Eintracht and San Francisco Hes-
sen Unterstutzungs Verein. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
GREGOIRE— In this city. March in. 1899. Pau-
line, beloved wife of Joseph Gregoire, mother
of Rosie, Leonie, Joseph and Jean Baptiste
Gregoire. sister of Leon and Edouard Win-
ant, and sister-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. L.
Llerre and Jacques and Louis Gregoire, a
native of Belgium, aged 26 years and 10
months. .
B_~Frlends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J S Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to the French Church of Notre Dame dcs
Vlctolres. Bush street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HUBERT— In this city, March 9. 1899, Mrs.
Hannah, dearly beloved wife of Harry Hu-
bert, a native of Ireland, aged 4.". years.
B_y Remains at the parlors of alente, Ma-
rin! & Co.
IRVING— In this city, March 9, 1899. Andrew
X , beloved husband of Jane S. Irving, father
of S. C, W. F. and A. H. Irving and Mrs.
J R Ogilvio. and brother of Samuel Irving,
a native of Dumfries-shire, Scotland, aged 6-
years 4 months and 8 days. ■
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 3
o'clock, from Franklin Hall. Fillmore street,
between Bush and Sutter, under the auspices
of King Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and A.
M Services at his late residence. 1928 Sutter
street, at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
KANE— this city. March 10. 1899. William
Francis, beloved husband of Margaritha
Kane, father of Josephine Kane, only son of
Rosanna Kane, and brother of Mrs. H. Puck-
hab»r and Mrs. H. H. Sellick. a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 43 years 6 months and 24
days.
E-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1418 Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
KEEFE— this city. March 0. 1899. Mathew
Keefe. a native of Ireland, aged 70 years. '
IT - The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
KENNEDY— In this city, March 10. 1899. at her
residence 511 Bryant street, formerly of 4095
Eighteenth street. Christina Vera, beloved
daughter of Anna and the late Neal Kennedy,
a native of California, aged 14 years 4 months
and 10 days.
C - Notice of funeral hereafter.
McNERNEY— In this city. March 10. 1899. at
the residence of his grandparents. John Jo-
seph, dearly beloved son of Mary and the late
Anthony McNerney, and grandson of John
and Catherine Mallon, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years and 1 month.
MACPHERSON— In this city, March 9, 1899,
Charles J., beloved son of A. M. and G. F.
Macpherson. and beloved brother of Georgie
C A. W.. J. H., H. H.. Nellie E. and James
Stuart Macpherson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years and 5 months,
tT lnterment private.
MILLER— this city. March 10. 1599, Alexan-
der F., infant and beloved son of George and
Gertie Miller, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 months. , . .
C_?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandmother. Mrs. James Ferguson. 222
Twelfth street Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
MUFFE— In this city, March 10. 1899. Dr. Fred-
erick P., beloved husband of Nettle Muffe.
and father of Mrs. H. R. Baum of Fort Bragg
and Agnes and Jessie Muffe. a native of Co-
logne, Germany, aged 49 years 11 months and
14 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1211 Jackson street, between JOnes
and Leavenworth, thence to Masonic Tem-
ple where funeral services will be held under
the auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139. F. and
A _-.. and thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated.
NELSON— In this city. March 10, 1899. Harold,
beloved son of Charles and Alma Nelson, and
brother of Lloyd and Alma Nelson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and
17 days. , ;
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. - .
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 10, 1899. at the
family residence, 1709 Broderick street, Kate
C dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and
Mary J. O'Brien, a native of San Francisco.
tr - Notice of funeral hereafter.
SCHULTE— In this city. March 10, 1899. Mary
A., relict of Theodore Schulte, a native o*
Ireland, aged 65 years.
E_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
March 13, at 8:30 o'clock, from Immaculate
Conception Convent, Guerrero street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to
St. James Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SIMPSON— In this city. March 9, 1599, George
P., beloved husband of Cassie Simpson, and
father of Frank, Gertrude and Ernest Simp-
son, a native of Scotland, aged 45 years. .
E_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
TOURNY— this city, March 9. 1599. Louisa,
beloved sister of Julia Tourny. a native of
Stuttgart, Wurtemberg, Germany.
[t_TFrlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mr. and Mrs. George Tourny, 1318
Jones street. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
COURT ACME— The members of Court Acme
No. 51, F. of A., are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, John
Lecornac, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,
from the undertaking parlors of J. S. Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue.- Fines for non-at-
tendance. By order of -
A. J. SIEVER. Chief Ranger.
W. A. SAMUEL, Secretary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.''
Telephone South W.
1112
BILLY LAVIGNE SAVED HIS
BROTHER FROM A KNOCKOUT
Entered the Ring at a
Critical Time.
REPEATS M'VEY'S TRICK
REFEREE McDONALD THEN DE
CLARED SMITH WINNER.
Did Not Declare Bets Off, However,
Nor Take Notice of Smith's
Repeated Foul Tac
tics.
Filly Smith, "the Mysterious/.' was j
given a decision last evening at Wood- j
ward's Pavilion over "Kid" Lavigne In
the fourteenth round of what was to have
been a twenty-round contest. Jim Mc-
Donald, the baseball umpire, was referee.
Billy Jordan, master of ceremonies, an- j
nounce- before the contestants were or- j
dered to toe the scratch that the. fighters
had agreed to break clean, or in other
Words, not to hit in a clinch. The referee i
heard this announcement, but ho did not I
enforce the mandate. Smith had two very' I
decided advantages over his stocky op- i
ponent, viz.: Five inches in height and
three inches in the reach of arms.
The old saying that a good little man
cannot cope with a good big man was ful- j
ly exemplified ail through the mill. But j
although Lavigne has proven to be a won- j
der in several battles, it must be .-aid that
according to the display he gave last
evening in hitting and staying qualities j
he is fast on the retrograde. Smith made j
rio apparent endeavor to deliver to his cus- j
tomer any of the hard goods Which lie is
in possession of until the thirteenth round i
arrived. In fact, he toyed with Lavigne
for several rounds and let opportunities
pass. If he had taken advantage of these
the contest would have ended long before
the fourteenth round.
Smith has a record of sing foul tactics, i
end the thousands of people who wit-,
nessed tin mill will bear testimony to the
fact that he administered at least twenty
foul blows between the first round anil
tlie fifth round of the contest. Referee
McDonald cautioned him time and again
in the first and second rounds, but Smith |
laughed at the commands and continued
to hit in the clinches and smile at his I
seconds each time he committed a foul.
Cries from the gallery and pit of "Foul"
and "What is the referee there for?" were
numerous, but McDonald paid not the
least attention to the demands of "Get on j
to yourself. Jim!"
Smith continued to hit in the clinches
and finally Lavigne resorted to the same
trick when he was satisfied that the
referee would not pay any attention to'
the agreement which the fighters had en
tered into before the contest commenced.
Smith, as previously stated, could have
put his opponent to sleep long before the
fourteenth round was reached if he had
forced the battle, as time and again he j
allowed opportunities to pass which if he
had taken advantage of them would have I
ended in a knockout for Lavigne. But for
some reason best known to the mysteri- j
oils gentleman he allowed the interest in
the affair to go on until the fourteenth
round; near the end of which he smashed
Lavigne a brace of left-handers on the j
SACRIFICED LIFE
FOR HIS PATIENTS
DR. FREDERICK P. MUFFE, Who Died
Suddenly Yesterday at His Residence,
1211 Jackson Street.
HUNDREDS of friends of Dr. Frederick P. Muffe will regret to learn of his
sudden death yesterday. Seemingly in the best of health, the well-known
physician attended to his manifold duties on Wednesday and Wednesday
evening, but retired to his much-needed rest feeling the effects of over
work. Early yesterday morning he called to his wife to bring him some whisky
to sustain him. and then quietly fell back on his pillow dead. Dr. Perrault was
immediately called in, and found his fellow-practitioner at rest. Death was at
tributed by him to angina pectoris and overwork.
The news of Dr. Muff 's death has been a severe shock to all who knew him.
Many were aware that in- was suffering from too close attention to his patients,
and even warned him. but deceased was unable to disappoint his fellow-sufferers,
and his untimely death was due to sacrifices in their behalf.
A more kindly, generous and charitable man could hardly be found in his
profession. He was beloved by his patients, and unknowingly their selfish de
mands on his time proved his undoing. Working early and late, he ministered to
their needs, never murmuring, but gradually eking out his own life.
Had Dr. Muffe lived but two weeks longer he would have reached the age
of 50. His was a busy life. After completing his medical studies in the University
of New York, he entered the Bellevue Medical College of that city and graduated,
and then entered the army as surgeon. For years he occupied an honored position
under Uncle Sam. In 1886 he resigned and opened an office at 425 Kearny street, at
which place he practiced until death closed his busy life.
The deceased was connected with many fraternal organizations. He was past
president of the California Schuetzen Club, a member of the Masonic order, the
Odd Fellows and the Red Men, and was also chairman of the executive com
mittee of the German-American Club. He was a prominent Republican and did
good work for his party during the past campaign. It is said he was to have
received the next appointment on the Health Board from Governor Gage.
Dr. Muffe leaves a widow and two children to mourn his untimely taking off.
His daughter, Mrs. Baum of Fort Bragg, was notified of his death.
The funeral will take place to-morrow at 10 o'clock from his late residence.
1211 Jackson street, and the cortege will then proceed to the Masonic Temple,
where services will be held. The remains will be cremated at Odd Fellows' Cem
etery.
jaw in a mix-up which apparently dazed
the receiver. .'"■__
L,avigne's brother Billy came to the res
cue, arid emulating the latest scheme con
cocted in the East by Mc\ ey, Corbett.
et al he stepped between the ropes and
said to Referee McDonald:
"This thing has gone far enough. Smith
Scenes at the Ringside.
has been using fouling tactics all the
evening, and I will not stand for the gaff
any longer."
McDonald, because of the fact that a
second of Lav:-: entered the ring with
the intention of saving the "Kid" from a
knockout, decided the contest in favor of
Smith, much to the disgust of a large
number of observers, who desired to know
why McDonald did not decide in favor of
Lavigne when Smith repeatedly trans
gressed the rules by using foul tactics in
the early rounds of the gam- .
The question at Issue is, How many
times will it become necessary for a
fighter to commit a transgression of the
rules to satisfy a referee that a decision
against the transgressor is absolutely
necessary?
The fight was practically uninteresting.
Smith can whip the "has-been" Lavigne
in five rounds at any time he desires to
open up his guns of war. When Billy
Lavigne entered the ring apparently to
save his brother from a knock-out. neither
man suffered much damage, although La
vigne appeared to be a bit groggy.
Doubtless the McVey scheme of jump
ing into the ring purposely to save a
good friend and at a supposed critical
moment will be introduced again on this
coast before a stop will be put to hippo
d-or-p boxing contests in the Golden
West.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1899.
Smith and Lavigne entered the ring
simultaneously at 9:17 p. m. Smith's sec
onds were Alec Greggains, Tim McGrath
and one Hennessy. Lavigne was esquired
by his brother Billy, "Young Mitchell,"
Teddy Alexander and Arthur Walker.
Jim McDonald, the popular baseball um
pire, acted as referee. Smith weighed
exactly 142 pounds, and Lavigne about
13.5. Announcer Jordan Introduced the
men ami read a telegram from Tom
O'Rourke stating that Joe Walcott woulo
fight the winner for a purse and a side j
bet of $5000. , ;;
Billy Lavigne objected to some band
ages which Smith had on his left wrist
and insisted that they be removed, They
had an animated discussion about it. but ,
George Lavigne finally decided it by say
ing that Smith could wear all the band
ages he' wanted. -- ■'■''.-:
The men agreed to break away clean,
without hitting in the clinches. It was
exactly 9:30 when the battle commenced.
In the first round, after some prelimi
nary fiddling Smith was the first to lead.
Both ran into a clinch, smashing their
rights into the ribs. Lavigne tried hi_
right for the head and Smith clinched.
Smith feinted and they clinched again.
Lavigne landed a hard left on the head
and after they had clinched Smith threw
his right hard into the body, the crowd
veiling "Foul," as the men had agreed
not to hit in clinches. Lavigne swung
his left hard on the head and Smith
thumped him twice in the ribs after the
clinch, raising another cry of "Foul. Tin
referee warned Smith repeatedly to de
sist hitting in the clinches. Lavigne
rushed, without damage. and then,
straightened out his left, landing slightly
on the head.
Between the first and second rounds
Referee McDonald talked to Smith, warn
ing him not to hit in the clinches. Smith
opened the second with a stiff right on the
head. In the succeeding clinch Smith
resumed his old tactics of hitting and was
roundly hissed. Lavigne essayed a rush,
landing his right in the side. Smith tried
a vicious right for the head and missed, j
Lavigne drove his right hard into the ;
face and Smith swung his right into the
"Kid's" body after they had clinched.
Lavigne rushed in, landing his left on the
head, and Smith clinched without strik
ing back. Smith blocked a vicious left
and Lavigne missed with his left for the
head, clinching and receiving another of
Smith's foul blows in the ribs. The ref
eree again warned Smith. Lavigne landed
a terrific right in the ribs. They rushed
Into a clinch as the gong sounded.
Lavigne opened the third round with a
light left in the face. This made Smith
mad and he came back, but fell short. j
I avigne rushed again. Smith clinching
and hitting the "Kid" while he held him.
raising another cry of "Foul. Lavigne ;
planted a hard left in the face and then j
rushed in. swinging both hands on the
head, Smith returning on the body. La- j
vigne landed another hard one on the face
and a left in the ribs, and Smith seemed i
winded. Lavigne ducked a terrific left I
swing and as he clinched Smith again
dallied with his ribs. Smith swung his
right around the "Kid's" shoulder and
they exchanged hard lefts in tiic body.
In the fourth, after a little cautious
sparring, Lavigne led his left for the
head. Smith getting in on the- body. La
vigne led and fell short, then rushed and
was blocked. Smith rushed Lavigne to
the rones, missed with his left and
brought his right across hard on the head.
Smith rushed again, landing his ieft on
the Kid's back as the latter ran away.
Smith tried a wild uppercut and missed
by a yard. Lavigne rushed in .and Smith
clinched, smashing him on the back after
ward.
Opening the fifth, Smith swung his
right anil Lavigne ducked, landing p. hard
left on the neck with his right. Smith
then blocker] a similar succeeding blow. ;
Lavigne rushed and fell short. Lavigne.
missed a right swing and Smith blocked ;
other. Both rushed Into a clinch with- j
out harm to either. Lavigne landed light
ly on the forehead, Smith countering on
the ribs. Lavigne ducked a right and
rushed into close quarters. Both swung
rights and lefts for the head, but they
were too close to do damage.
Lavigne opened the sixth with an inef
fective rush. He ducked from Smith's
vicious right, but received it a second
later hard on the neck. Smith got in with
left and right hard on the body, and
rushed the Kid to the ropes, landing his
left on the body. He tried his right for
the head, but went around Lavigne's
neck and the latter clinched. Lavigne
placed a hard right on Smith's shoulder
and -Other in the ribs. He rushed
Smith, missing with a left swing, but
landing his right, on the bo.lv. They
clinched and Smith hit him. raising the
usual cry of "Foul."
Smith opened the seventh round with a
rush, throwing his elbow into Lavigne's
face as they clinched. Lavigne rushed
and Smith smothered the effort. Smith
landed hard in the face and tried a right
uppercut, which was a mile short La
vigne landed a hard left in the face and
Smith came back with his left in the
body. Smith hit him in the ensuing
clinch, and everybody saw it but the ref
eree. Smith blocked a straight left and
received a hard right on the head. La
vigne planted another hard left in the
face without return. Lavigne rushed
Smith to the ropes and they exchanged
straight lefts in the face. Smith rushed
and swung both hands hard for the body
but the Kid jumped away, getting in with
his left on the ribs as he did so.
In the eighth there was some clever
blocking and ducking at first. Smith hit
in the clinch again. Smith landed hard
in the mouth after the breakaway He
then threw his left into the ribs as La
vigne went around his neck with a right
swing. Lavigne landed light left on face
and jumped away as Smith essayed a
counter. Both ducked and blocked left
swings for the head. Lavigne rushed;
overreaching himself, falling against the
ropes. Smith followed him up and swung
his right, landing hard on the Kid's spine.
Lavigne clinched and came up laughing.
The ninth was the slowest round of the
fight. They rushed, clinched, ducked and
blocked without damage to either.
The pace was slower now, both men
being tired. From the tenth to the thir
teenth little of interest happened, an oc
casional stiff body blow relieving the
monotony.
The end came in a curious, way in the
fourteenth round. After several counters
and blocks Lavigne landed hard on the
head without a return. The blow warmed
up Smith, who came back at his antagon
ist swinging his left and right for the
head. He landed twice on the face and a
hard right on the jaw. The "Kid" reeled
as if nearly out, but essayed a weak rush
back, covering his jaw with his left hand.
Then his brother Billy jumped through
the ropes and threw his arm over the
"Kid's" shoulder, saving something to the
referee about Smith having fouled him
long enough, and led the "Kid" to his
corner. The referee awarded the fight to
Smith at once on Billy Lavigne's breach
of the rules in entering the ring. It was
plain, however, that the "Kid" would
have been put out by another good blow,
though the gong might have saved him,
as the round was almost over.
Lavigne had the best of it up to the
tenth round, after which Smith gained a
distinct lead. To many, however, it looked
as if Smith was holding back early in the
fight, and he surely did not employ ids
usual tactics of rushing, by which he has
wen many a fight. Smith's superior height
and reach were against Lavigne, how
ever, ami his confident air all through told
that he felt victory was in his grasp. If
Lavigne had pulled through the round he
might have kepi away and lasted the
limit; but the impression among ring
goers seemed to be- that Smith had him at
any stage. Lavigne went out of his class
to meet Smith, and this will teach him a
lesson in that respect.
Billy Otts succeeded in landing a pretty
right cross on Paddy Maloney's jaw in the.
third round of their fight and won the
preliminary bout of the evening. While
tin- fight lasted it was a pretty exhibition
of pluck and cleverness and was greatly
enjoyed by all present. Otts clearly had
the advantage in weight and reach and to
this may be attributed Maloney's defeat.
It is said that when the lads weighed in
Otts tipped the scales at IS." 1 , pounds, five
and a half over the weight agreed on by
both when articles were signed. On the
other hand Maloney weighed but 125%.
Despite this handicap Maloney went in
and put up a good fight while it lasted.
The first round was devoted to long dis
OFFICERS OF CHITOSE
ROYAL ENTERTAINERS
Captain Sakurai Extends the Hospitality of the
New Cruiser.
CAPTAIN SAKURAI and his officers
yesterday extended the hospitality of
his Imperial Japanese Majesty's ship
Chitose to the State and Federal of
ficers of California, the municipal officers
of San Francisco, the representatives of
the United States army and navy and to
the prominent citizens generally. It was
a gala day aboard the new cruiser, which
lay just off the Union Iron Works, within
the very shadow of her nativity as it
were. From the prow of the Chitose float
ed the national colors of Japan, the rising
sun upon the snow-white field, while from
the stern the flag of the royal Japanese
navy flapped defiantly in the wind.
The reception was from 2 to 5 o'clock,
and during that interval innumerable
tugs and launches were kept busy plying
tance sparring, a few blows being landed
by both without any damage. The second
fennel Otts on the aggressive, but every
attack he made was met by Maloney with
stinging lefts and rights. Otts nearly went
through the ropes in trying to avoid one
of Maloney's rushes.
The end came unexpectedly in the third
round. After fiddling for an opening Otts
led with his long left which Maloney neat
ly blocked, but Otts shot across his right
and landed flush on his opponent's jaw,
sending him to the floor. While Referee
Jim Neal counted he slowly arose to his
knees and on the ninth count reached his
feet and clinched with otts. On being
parted Otts tried left and right and man
aged to land again on the face, sending
bis dizzy rival down. At this juncture
Captain Gillen entered the ring and
stopped further hostilities. Neal awarded
the decision to Otts.
Wants to Meet Green.
"Lavigne Is the best lightweight that
ever breathed," said Smith after the
bout; "but he was a little out of his class
when he tried to tackle a welter-weight.
He is the fastest fellow I have ever seen
for. his size. I had him going a dozen
times, hut he would not go down. I wal
loped him on the jaw time and again, but
he stood it like a little man.
.■ '.'When the articles of agreement were
signed we agreed to break clean, but hit
with one hand free. That is the reason
why I fought as I did. As to the bandage
on my left hand, that was also agreed to.
and when 'Billy' Lavigne objected to it I
refused to take it off. as my hand was
sore. I didn't feel a blow that the 'Kid'
gave me. Half of them I stopped with
my glove. I intend staying here and hope
to get on a match with Green or Walcott.
1 am willing to take on Walcott and then
light Green two weeks afterward. I am
glad 'Billy' Lavigne jumped Into the ring
when he did, as I did not want to knock
the 'Kid' out. and another punch might
have settled him."
What Lavigne Said.
"Kid" Lavigne, on reaching his dressing
room after the fight, did not upbraid his
brother "Billy" for interfering when he
did, but calmly dressed and left the build
ing. The champion lightweight showed no
signs of punishment, but declared he was
fresher than his late opponent. • In speak
ing of the fight the "Kid" said:
"I admit I was a little bit on queer
street, but was not a bit distressed and
could have gone on and finished if my
brother had not come into the ring. I was
not a bit tired, but was slightly dizzy.
I'm willing to bet Smith was more tired
than I was "when the interruption oc
curred:
"I didn't quite get on to what Billy was
doing. I thought he was saying the gong
Bounded and was trying to drag me to my
corner. Smith fought foul throughout the
contest, but I did not care, as I thought
I could do him."
"Billy" Lavigne Talks.
"Billy" Lavigne, the manager and
brother of the champion lightweight, who
followed the example set by "Connie" Mc-
Vey by jumping into the ring at an im
proper moment, seemed unperturbed at
what he had done, but gave the following
reasons for doing so:
"The referee should have awarded the
fight to my brother earlier in the contest.
Smith repeatedly fouled him and kept up
these tactics right along. He had a great
advantage in fouling. I got tired of see
ing him continuing it and jumped into the
ring. I did not do so to save my brother
from a knockout, tiit simply because I
would not stand foi*3mith's rough work.
Had George followed Smith's game I
would not have Interfered, but as he
didn't and was getting the worst of the
deal, I jumped in."
The Referee's Views.
Immediately after declaring "Mysteri
ous" Billy Smith the victor. Referee Mc-
Donald informed the press representa
tives that he did so because Lavigne's
brother entered me ring at an untimely
moment. .
"Had this not occurred," said the ref
eree, "and the fight had gone the limit,
1 would have declared it a draw, because
in mv opinion Lavigne had the best of
the fight up to the tenth round. From the
tenth to the fourteenth Smith showed to
advantage. I could not decide differently,
as the rules expressly prohibit any of
the seconds entering the ring during the
fighting." ,_____,
Ring-goers were greatly surprised that
Referee McDonald did not follow the pre
cedent established by "Honest" John Kel
ly in the Corbett-Sharkey go. when Mc-
Vey entered the ring, and declare all
bets off, thus saving the public's money.
In the opinion of many present McDon
ald should have followed his example.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
between the shore and the vessel in or
der to accommodate the guests. The
poop deck was decorated with a profusion
of bright colored bunting. Around the
railing was strung canvas, which served
as a barrier against the stiff breeze that*
! stirred up the whitecaps upon the bay.
Overhead was stretched an awning made
of the national flags of all countries. On
i this deck was served an abundance of
: light refreshments. ■ ;
The guests were received at the port
gangway by Captain Sakurai and the fol
lowing commissioned officers: Lieuten
ant Commanders J. Ushida, S. Hldeshi
ma and R. Kamaya, Fleet Engineer T.
Hirabe, Staff Engineer K. Kisakf. Staff
Surgeon B. Harada. Lieutenant K. Ta
kamat-is, Lieutenant H. Sawazaki, Pay
master U. Shimidzu, Surgeon S. Tedzuke,
Paymaster H. Yamazaki, Sub-Lieutenant
G. Katsuki, Sub-Lieutenant U. Su
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _^^-_-_-_~
S ii ß
millinery
those hats which were so much admired at our opening
we have had photographed and issued as souvenirs
in book form : ask for one in our millinery department
or send your name and address, and we will mail you
these photographs, with descriptions, free !
concert 2 <• 5
Storf/'o celebrated
Ids ft a Vienna
Ovi\Wf%t\krc% I ( y° u wili £ et
Px A' a programme
I ill IUU .IU ■ at the door)
hosiery. ___r«"Si__. veilings and _?!__-3±:
zp'Zftf"^. trimmings. gg|
fast color and seamless, sizes IQlft __ __ m S. « < n%- •
sto^ * IZ2C 50c, 75c, $1 to $1.50 yard
chenille spotted chiffon veiling, 18
100 dozen children's fine black maco inches wide, in black, white, new
cotton hose, medium-heavyweight, blue, with white dot and blue --
corduroy ribbed, double knees, heels dot, all staple shades yard QUO
and toes, fast in color and JCp the new veiling for the complexion-
seamless luu back Tuxedo mesh over pink „r
■ . , . tulle yard COG
70 dozen boys black extra heavy _, . , w__. _ 7C ft
, ' . ■__ - - ecru a -over Point de venise.. IT\R
cotton hose, corduroy ribbed, garter e< - ru a « «"<
top, good and elastic, double knees, white bowknots appliqued *#» m
heels and toes, fast color and Qft I on blue taffeta per yard vOiUU
seamless, per pair lUll black Point de Rose ap- *. --
plique lace , $liull
70 dozen children's black lisle hose, J renaissance bowknot lace, in narrow
extra fine quality, narrow ribbed, : an _ wide widths, to match all the ex-
garter top, double heels and QKft j treme novelties in applique butterflies
toes, fast color and seamless LJb | an _ bow knots, separate or by theyard.
prepare for lovely weather in the park to-morrow
by buying gloves and neckwear to-day!
<« t he store that's talked about"
937 to 947 Market Street.
Ellis Company Arrives To-Day.
The Ellis Opera Company of nearly iw
people will arrive from Denver this morn
ing about 10 o'clock. They come in a spe
cial train, made up of Mme. Melba s pri
vate car. the "Campania," six Pullman
sleepers and four baggage cars.
zuki. Assistant Engineer T. O. Oka
zaki. Sub-Lieutenants S. Yokoo and T.
Tajiri and Assistant Engineer Y. Ikeda.
. The officers were the personification of
polite and attentive courtesy. They
proved themselves charming hosts and
royal entertainers. The guests were
shown over the Chitose from stem to
stern, and every facility was given them
for seeing this newest fighting terror,
which Is the pride of the Union Iron
Works, despite the fact that over her
floats an alien flag.
Captain Terry of the lowa, and his staff,
when they called, were received at the
starboard gangway with due honors, as
was Major General Dickinson and staff.
Every moment of the time spent aboard
the cruiser proved delightful in the way
of something to see and admire, and each
guest was made happy by the presenta
tion of some appropriate souvenir of the
occasion.
AS PLAIN AS THE NOSE
ON YOUR FACE.
That our laundry work Is the finest and
best in' every way — color, finish and
general excellence, when compared to
that done by any other method in San
Frartcisco. Your shirts, collars and cuffa
are sent home from our up-to-date
laundry in such perfect and artistic
finish as to make them hard to distin-
guish from the new article.
"No s-,v-edges." >• :
The United States Laundry, offic«
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
Painless Dentistry.
{fflSj'jffS Fillings - - 50 cts
ffffSf^ Crowns - - $3.50
P|__l-«»
Wk "fl ALL WORK
WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.
/Js°*^v LADIES do too raw
EL J&\ DR ' FELIX LE BRUN'S *
*^ *\ Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
j 1 is the original and only FRENCH.
M l safe and reliable cure on the mar-
y "-fe-ket. Price, $1.00; seat by in nil,
r * Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDfiR & CO.. Sols Areata,
214 Kearny st., San Francisco.
I Nothing Injurious in
BROWN'S
Bronchial Troches
II A great relief for coughs, hoarse-
m ness, throat and lung troubles.
H John I. Brown _ Son. Boston.
E___B_l__a___«_-__M»4«B_S_B___________B__i
m^^^ WHEN YOU
IKjj^^^B-w 11^ 10 BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" andyouwli!
qflH_ 'ttv* not be disappointed.
-7^7" Call or address PIERCE
'.' ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mark* «_ (opp. •ai.ca Hote), S. F.
— : : ■ .