VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 52.
INVESTIGATION COMMITTEE
TRYING TO SHIRK ITS DUTY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— The Assembly committee having in charge the investi
gation of charges against Speaker Wright and other members of the Assembly held no meeting today. Chair
man Cosper, who is himself charged with having solicited a bribe of $6000 for his vote for United States Senator,
refused to call the committee together* Subpenas that have been issued for witnesses that are expected to
testify to important facts have been held up, and there is small reason to suppose that they will ever be served.
Committeeman Mellick, who has so far acted as chief obstructionist for the committee, admits that
Wright is attempting to force the committee to make a report and wind uptheinvestigation before it has fairly
been begun. He opposes the introduction of new and important testimony. Chairman Cosper is accused of having so
licited a bribe. Committeeman Wade has attended but one session of the committee. Committeeman La Baree was elect
ed from a district into which Green testified to having sent $100 to insure the election of the legislative candidate.
Committeeman Mellick seeks to prevent the attendance of important witnesses, among them being William F. Her
rin, chief counsel of the Southern Pacific Company, and Charles Q. Lamberson, who, it is said, acted as agent for Cosper
in the solicitation of the $6000 bribe.
Commiiteemen Lardner, Sanford and Burnett are the only members who have displayed a desire to get at the facts.
They will attempt to call a meeting to=morrow, and will elect a chairman and proceed with the business before them, re
gardless of the evident desire of the other members to smother the inquiry.
INVESTIGATORS NOW
LOOK FOR WHITEWASH
Chairman Cosper and Committee=
man Mellick Become
Obstructionists.
ENTHUSIASM SUDDENLY CEASES
Entire Tendency of the Inquiry at Present Is to
Permit It to Die of Innocuous Desuetude
and to Drop the Whole
Business.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— The investigation of
the charges made against Speaker
Hi ward E. Wright and other members
"£ the Assembly is in imminent danger
ot being squashed. Unless th-3 voice of
an earnest minority of the investigating
committee is allowed to prevail it may
! ■ i xpected that within a lew days a
'if whitewash will be applied to
the besmirched person of Speaker
Wright and the charges and accusa
tions against other members will be
dropped entirely.
No meeting of the investigating com
mittee was held to-day. It is due to a
rr.ajcrity of the members of the com
mittee to say that Chairman Cosper
was responsible for allowing the inves
tigation to drop at this most interesting
pomt — a point made particularly inter
esting by the fact that Mr. Cosper has,
since yesterday afternoon, rested under
the imputation that he had solicited a
bribe of $6000 in return for his vote for
United States Senator.
Four members of the committee
waited in the Assembly chamber for
three hours this afternoon for their
chairman, but he failed to put in an
appearance. It was afterward ascer
tained that he was down town dis
cussing the merits of the charge against
him with intimate friends. When the
disgusted members grew tired of wait
ing they appointed a meeting for 7:30
o'clock this evening, word to that effect
being e<>nt to Chairman Cosper. Mr.
Cosper did not put in an appearance
until 8 o'clock. He then informed his
astonished associates that they could
return to their boarding-houses as he
Would decline to hold a meeting on the
ground that he had not called the mem
bers together.
v. stcrday a subpena was issued for
Charles G. Lamberson who, It is said,
acted us Cosper's agent in the alleged
$6000 transaction. The subpena has not
yet been served and no attempt has
been made to secure its service. When
asked about the matter to-night Chair
man Cosper said he would telegraph to
Lamberson to-morrow and request him
:o come to Sacramento. If such a tele
gram Is ever sent it will not convey the
The San Francisco Call.
first message Lamberson has received
from a member of the Investigating
committee. This afternoon Committee
man Mellick telephoned to Lamberson
at Visalia. The nature of the conversa
tion that passed between the two men
is not known. In the meantime the
subpena is still in the hands of the
clerk of the committee and there it will
probably stay unless a minority of the
committee can force its service.
Yesterday the committee passed un
der protest from Mellick and others a
resolution ordering the issuance of sub
penaa to secure the attendance of John
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
D. Spreekels, M. H. de Young and
William F. Herrin. These subpenas
have not yet been issued and they are
not likely to be, always providing that
the minority of the committee has not
the power to go ahead with the inves
tigation regardless of the will of the
majority. For t*>« •»»"•♦ two days Com
mitteemen Lardner, Sanford and Bur
nett were the only members who gave
evidence of a desire to pursue the in
vestigation. Indications point to the
conclusion that the work of the com
mittee will terminate in a general
whitewashing report unlt«s thj pro
tests of the members named can pre
vail. An attempt was made in the As
sembly this morning to increase the
membership of the committee by the
appointment «f one of Burns' followers
and one who marches under the stand
ard of Grant. The proposition was
made by Committeeman Mellick, who
gave notice of his determination not to
serve longer on the committee unless
his wishes were carried out.
The proposal met with unfavorable
action and later in the day Mr. Mellick
reconsidered his determination not to
serve. The incident was one of the
many that occurred during the day and
which are held to be a certain indica
tion of what the future action of the
committee will be. Mr. Mellick's work
on the committee has been marked by
obstructionist tactics and the assertion
made by him to-night that Speaker
Wright and the Burns forces were try
ing to force the committee to make a
report, though the investigation has
just begun, may serve to show that
Colonel Burns is attempting to use the
committee as a ladder up which he ex
pects to climb to the Senatorial chair.
It has been evident from the besin
ning that Chairman Cosper and others
of the committee were industriously
seeking to bring out facts injurious to
the Senatorial candidacy of U. S. Grant
and to suppress facts tending to throw
discredit on the candidacy of Colonel
Burns. Because of this the committee
has come to be known as a "Burns
committee," and as such it has been a
marked success. The examination int<
the charges against Speaker Wrigh.
was merely perfunctory and was pur
sued no further than was necessary to
establish facts to the discredit of Mr.
Grant. But for the fact that the truth
of the charges against Wright was
self-evident and could not be con
cealed, it is doubtful if he would have
been asked to even deny the charges.
As it is he has convicted himself out
of his own mouth and it will take a
heavy coat of whitewash to even par
tially cover up his misdeeds so that the
decent members of the Assembly will
consent to endure his presence among
them. The whitewash is being pre
pared at Colonel Burns' headquarters,
and there is no good reason for doubt
ing that certain interested members <>f
the investigating eoiniiiiUee are 'the
brushes with which it is to be applied.
That the job that seems to be in store
is not to the liking of Committeeman
Me'lick is apparent from his words and
actions to-day. He wished to shift the
responsibility to other shoulders, but
was whipped back into line. Then he
telephoned to the witness who is pre
sumed to know something of the
charges against Chairman Cosper.
"I am not prepared to say what I
think of to-day's proceedings," said
Committeeman Lardner to-night, "but
I may have a word to say to-morrow.
Mr. Cosper's actions have been peculiar,
to say the least. It may be all right,
but it has a bad appearance on its face,
I must confess. We will have a meet
ing to-moiTow or I will know the rea
son why. If Mr. Cosper will not call
the meeting some of us will get together
and elect a chairman and proceed with
the business before us.
"It may be that the Burns men are
holding this investigation over the
heads of some of Grant's followers as a
club to force them into the Burns
ranks. I am not prepared to say that
this is so, but as I said before, the
whole proceeding has a peculiar look.
"Of one thing I am convinced, and
that is that the Burns forces are using
every means in their power to prolong
this investigation and at the same time
make it barren of results, for the pur
pose of disgusting the many good men
in the Assembly who are anxious to
have done with the Senatorial election
and begin the work of perfecting im
portant and necessary legislation. By
doing this they will soon be able to
force a caucus and then they will
gobble up the Senatorial plum. It is
an unfortunate and deplorable con
dition of affairs."
It is the general belief among every
one In Sacramento who ia even remote
ly interested in the work of the inves
tigating committee, that Milton J.
Green, U. S. Grant's political manager,
is just now suffering from a very pro
nnunou'l vase of '\.old feet." He was
cited to appear before the bar of the
Afltoembiy this afternoon to show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt for refusing to answer questions
concerning the payment by him of
money to legislative candidates prior to
the election in return for their promises
that they would support Grant for Sen
ator. When the time came for him to
appear he did not put in an appearance,
but sent, instead, a physician's ctrtifi
cate to the effect that he was suffering
from a variety of ailments which would
be seriously complicated were he re
quired to appear at the bar of the As
sembly. He was excused until Monday
afternoon.
In the meantime the very serious
charges against Chairman Cosoer of
the investigating committee remain un
refuted and unsubstantiated. and
Green is the only man in Sacramento
who, besides Cosper, has a knowledge
of the facts. An unscrupulous person
might see in this situation an excellent
opportunity for a settlement of con
flicting interests. That is to say. if the
contempt charges were allowed to en
by the board Green could well afford
to decline to testify against Cosper. if
indeed he has knowledge or facts dam
aging to that gentleman.
The investigating committee has not
yet taken any steps to investigate the
charge that Assemblyman Morris
Brooke was approached with an offer
of patronage and the dismissal of the
contest that was being made for his
seat if he would vote for Burns for
Senator. Of course, such an inquiry
would be detrimental to the interests
of Colonel Burns' candidacy, and it
therefore is not strange that Mr.
Brooke has not been called to tell of the
indignity put upon him by the disrep
utables who are seeking to influence
decent legislators to vote for Burns.
NOW COMES THE DRAG
IN INVESTIGATION
A Day Spent in Unseemly Wrangling
Before the Assembly.
COMMITTEEMEN ASK ASSISTANCE
Caminetti and Mellick Throw Verbal Bricks at Each
Other, but Were Excusable Owing to the
Strained Conditions of Their
Nerves.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— Milton Jay
Green, political manager to Ulysses S.
Grant Jr., was cited to-day to the bar
of the Assembly to say why he should
not be duly punished for the contempt
in which he so palpably holds that
body. Mr. Green was only cited. He
did not appear. Instead came the cer-
tiflcate saying that Mr. Green was quite
prostrated from fever and gastric dis
! turbance and really unfit for the ordeal
promised him.
Quietly, though, it was whispered in
; the lobbies that Mr. Green had dined
I on mushrooms, and that, being canned
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and somewhat turned, they had induced
a chill in the Green feet. By motion of
Mr. Dibble Mr. Green was allowed until
Monday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock to
eradicate the chill.
The morning session was one long
unlovely wrangle. Though Assembijr
man Mellick had not eaten of the chill
inducing fungi that laid low Mr.
Grant's manager, he was very evidently
afflicted with. the same trouble. He
wanted to get off the investigating com
mittee and opened the morning session
by saying so. He said it was not just
the right thing that three Bulla men
who were on the committee should be
obliged to stand the brunt of the fight
and the newspaper criticism. He wound
up by refusing to go further unless at
least one Grant sympathizer and one
Burns adherent were added to the list.
Mr. Mellick's plaint was somewhat as
follows: "The investigation by this
committee," said Mr. Mellick, "has
taken a broader scope than I thought
it would and—"
"Pardon me," broke in Speaker
Wright, "but if this has to do with th«
investigation now going on I wish to
call the Speaker pro tern. to the chair."
And Mr. Anderson took the gavel.
"There are now three members of
that committee who are voting for Rob
ert N. Bulla for Senator," continued
Mr. Mellick, "and I ask that the com
mittee be enlarged. It is unfair that
the brunt of the work and all the criti
cism should fall upon us, and it seema
to me no more than right that one
Burns man at least and one Grant man
should be appointed to act with us.
"I want to say that I am unwilling
to act further with this committee un
less this is done. Ido not care to take
the responsibility of offering a resolu
tion or making a motion, but I ask
some one else in the House to do so for
me."
"A resolution!" shouted Mr. Conrey
of Los Angeles, "and I want It read
before any further action is taken."
Mr. Conrey's resolution was unique in
its intent. If adopted it would have
shut out all investigation, for the pres
ent at least, of the charges preferred
against Chairman Cosper and would
have protected Daniel M. Burns from
being questioned upon what Mr. Con
rey was pleased to call "street rumors."
It also left a loophole in section .',
through which Cosper and Burns and
every one else could eventually crawl
to safety.
Mr. Conrey denied that his resolution
did all of these things. He said it in
no wise restricted the scope of the in
vestitgation or circumscribed the pow
ers of the commltteemen. But when
his resolution was read there was none
to believe his contentions.
It read as follows:
Resolved, That the committee on Inves
tigation appointed by resolution adopted
on the 16th day of January, 1899, be and2
COMMITTEEMAN MELLICK SEEMS UNEASY.
the fame Is hereby instructed as to the
order of its procedure as follows:
First— Said committee shall first com
plete and make final report to the Assem
bly concerning its investigations of the
matters directly and specifically Involved
fn the original charges which led to the
appointment of the committee:
Second— The committee shall formulate
a statement of any further charges thai
shall have developed In the course of its
investigation of said matters first sub
mitted to it, and which said committee
shall deem worthy of further attention,
and the committee shall thereupon call
for the further orders of the Assembly
concerning the Investigation by it of such
further additional charges; and be it fur
ther
solved, That said committee in its
investigations shall not take into consid
eration testimony In the nature of Irre
sponsible rumor.
Grove L. Johnson said ho hoped Con
rey's resolution would not pass. "I have
seen only the reports in the papers,"
said he, "and from what I see there I
think this committee should be author
ized to continue its investigation even
after this Assembly has taken its final
recess."
Assemblyman Works of San Diego
echoed Mr. Johnson's sentiments vig
orously and he was followed by Valen
tine of Los Angeles, who agreed with
Mr. Johnson, but said he did not believe
that "street rumors" should be allowed
to distract the committee's attention.
Mellick came to the front again at
this point. 'l am tired of being a buf
fer on that committee," he vociferated.
"Here are the newspapers which have
conflicting interests, all looking for a
sensation. Rival candidates have their
Interests, and between the two bumpers
I'm getting my brains butted out."
Eeishaw said he did not believe the
resolution of Conrey should pass for the
reason that the original resolution ap
pointing the committee gave it all the
latitude necessary.
" "If it does." retorted Mellick, "why
doesn't this Assembly give us instruc
tions to that effect?"
"It seems to me this resolution is
made for the committee to hide be
hind," yelled Le Barron, who would
have said more had not Cosper headed
him off by taking the floor without
leave.
Said Cosper, counting on his fingers:
"One — This committee is the creature
of this Assembly. Two — This commit
tee/ is the servant of this Assembly.
Three — The newspaper! have given rea
sonably fair reports of the proceedings.
Four — All charges should hereafter be
made in writing/
The Speaker — The question is on the
adoption of the resolution as offered by
Mr. Conrey. ■>,-.
A member— -would like to hear that
resolution read.
The clerk read as follows: "Resolved,
That the Committee on Investigation,
appointed by resolution adopted on the
16th day of January, 1593. be and the same
Is hereby instructed as to the order of its
procedure as follows:
"First— Said committee shall first com
plete and make a final report to the As
sembly concerning its Investigations of
the matters directly and specifically in
volve in *'■ original charges which led
to the appointment of the committee.
Second— The committee shall formulate
a statement of any further charges that
shall have developed in its investigation
of said matters first submitted to it, and
which Fjiiii < ' mmittee shall deem worthy
of further attention; and the committee
shall thereupon call for the further or
ders of the Assembly concerning the in
vestigation by it of such additional
charges.
"And be it further resolved, That said
committee in its investigation shall not
take into consideration testimony in the
nature of irresponsible rumor."
Mr. Cosper— Mr. Speaker, upon the pre
sentation of that motion to this Assembly
I think that the members of this com
mittee ought to be excused from voting.
We ought not to vote so as to control the
Assembly in selecting the course to be pur
sued by us,
Mr. Caminetti— Mr. Speaker, I listened
to the chairman of that committee, hop
ing to find out from him any desire that
he might have In the matter, but as yet
I have not learned that he desires any "in
struction from this body. Now it appears
to me that all this discussion is entirely
out of place. We have already submitted
this question to the committee, and until
hat committee comes before us asking
for further instruction—asking an addi
tion, or other instruction— we ought to
leave the matter alone with that commit
tee.
Mr. Conrey— Speaker, with the con
sent of Mr. Dunlap, who seconded the. res
olution. I will withdraw it.
(No objection: so ordered.)
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Speaker. I have a res
olution which I wish to offer.
The clerk read: "Resolution by Mr.
Mellick— Resolved, That the special com
mittee now investigating the charges of
illegal influences used in the ejection of
United States Senator be increased by
one Assemblyman now voting for D M
Burns and by one Assemblyman now vot
ing for U. S. Grant."
Mr. Dibble— Mr. Speaker, after
that question is put i am going to offer
a substitute for the resolution and state
my reasons. l think that Mr. Johnson of
Sacramento ought to go on that commit
tee, and Mr. Works of San Diego; and as
these gentlemen are not willing to go on
the committee unless they are elected by
the House, I offer as a substitute an or
der of the House appointing those gentle
men upon the committee. I offer" it as a
6U Th* l T l or M I- M l!t *' a solution *
The clerk read: "Substitute for Mr.
Mellick s resolution. Resolved That Mr
Johnson of Bacramcnto and Mr. Works of
San Diego are added to the special com
mittee appointed to investigate the
ffiSS^SffiSS&i? connect -n ""h the
Mr. Mellick-Mr. Speaker, if those gen
tlemen will consent to act. I most cheer
fully withdraw my resolution
The Speaker— The adoption of Mr. Mcl-
Cl V? resolution n ? s not been moved Mr
MellicK has permission to withdraw his
rGKoiut ion.
Mr. Dibble-I offer my resolution, then.
SSop^on^S^onW^ ' m ° Ye lt9
Mr. Johnson-Mr. Speaker, I never shirk
work, I never shirk duty; but 1 do not
think I ought to be appointed upon that
committee. When I introduced the origi
nal resolution I stated that I did not
wish * l ?u go upon the committee, and
stated i the reasons why. [„ addition to
that, ?♦♦ am chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, and have a very large amount
to do in connection with that committee.
I am not as young as I used to be al
though I can do a reasonable amount of
work and I do not think that I ought to
«$^ e< V c \? ( \ up 0 , n that committee. In
addition to that, there are personal rea
sons which you all know, if there is any
man. in the State of California that is en-
Joylng-or has suffered from-the remarks
and pictures made In the newspapers, it
is me. Now. if I go upon that com
mittee every act that I do. every move
I make, -very motion I make, every vote
T piv-T, an YY certy t speech X make - will be
misinterpreted, misconstrued, and capital
made out of It by the people who claim to
own the S S tate of California, and who
call themselves newspaper men. And I
do not think that, in justice to myself I
should be put upon that committee Now
I have In mind a young man of ability'
of character, or standing, of learning in
the law-a man who has voted on in"
same slde that I have for the same can-
S&VSs£t? without any consultation
with him I will suggest In place of my
name Mr. Cobb of San Francisco. V
■SSaSSS* 110 y ° U move that as an
Mr. Johnson— Fir.
The Speaker— It has been moved and
seconded that the name of Mr Cobb be
substituted for that of Mr. Johnson "•
Mr. ( lough—] run prepared. Mr Speaker
and gentlemen of the.Assembly, to support
that resolution. The remarks of Mr
Johnson show that he is a man of nerve
and backbone, and that he is not at all
f raid of the powers that be? whether
newspaper men or anything else I • m
satisfied with the personnel of the corn
mitt' c £°,, far *?, M has been constituted
end 1 shall continue to be satisfied if Mr'
Johnson takes a place on that committee
I will .support the resolution with ail mv
heart. *
The Speaker— The question is upon the
amendment as offered by Mr. Johnson '
Mr. Dibble— As to that amendment I
Wlfn to speak. I think the amendment
ought not to be adopted. I have the
greatest regard for Mr. Cobb, but he is
not as experienced or as old a man as Mr
Johnson, and Mr. Johnson is the best man
we have got, and we have a right to have
the best men we have got in the House on
this committee, and I think the House
prefers to have Mr. Johnson to any one
in the House, and I think Mr. Cobb does.
Mr. Cobb— Mr. Speaker, I attempted to
! I get your eye before to put in the same
thing that Mr. Dibble has said. I think
by all means the House should put Mr.
■ Johnson upon that committee, and I
■■ would respectfully ucge thai 1 be not
; forced to go upon it, as I should not like
i to do it.
Mr. Caminettl— Mr. Speaker. I doubt the
advisability of adding anybody to the
committee. What would you think if. in
i the trial of a case, when half the testi
mony has been taken, tney should add
more jurymen to those that had been se
lected in the beginning of the case, or
what would you think, In the trial of a
case before one Judge, if you should add
a new Judge, or two new Judges, to sit
upon the hearing? Why. it is manifestly
unfair to the two gentlemen that are
named to put them upon this investigation
when perhaps two-thirds of the testimony
has been already adduced and ask them
to sit in judgment upon matters that they
i had not heard— to sit In judgment upon
matters given by witnesses whom they
I have not seen; because it is not only what
! a man says that is to act upon the judge,
j but it is the manner In which the man
says it and how he acts before the in
vestigating committee. All those things
are to be taken into consideration and are
recognized in our courts of justice. Jury
men are told by Judges upon trials of
cases that they must not only look at the
matter that is given by the witness, but
at the manner in which he gives it. Now,
when you have that amount of testimony
already taken before this committee, and
now seek to add two more men— l care not
j who the men may be, I have the utmost
' respect for the two gentlemen that have
been named— but 1 think it is unfair to
them, it is unfair to the people who are
interested in this investigation, to halt in
the middle of it and add new judges.
People will say, "Why is tnis done?" and
will impugn the motives not only of the
two men who may consent to act. but
will impugn the motives of this Assem
bly, to halt in the middle of this investi
gation, when perhaps it is leading to some
end that may divulge things that may
be unpleasant to some. I say it is un
fair to these gentlemen that you have
named to put them in this situation at
this time; and I hope we will stop this
matter and allow the committee that has
already been appointed to go on with this
duty, and then report here. We should
not stop the business of this Assembly,
nor should we stop the business of that
committee, by any such action as we have
seen here this morning. Why, an. ordi
nary Justice of the Peace of the State of
California knows the rule of procedure,
and I am surprised that two members
of the committee get up on this floor
and say that they do not know the rule
of procedure. It is easy for them to
establish their own rules. If they desire
us to approve the rules that they have
established lot them establish the rules
and come to this House, and this House
will adopt anything that they may deem
Is fair and proper in the premises. If
they desire any further instructions let
them, as a committee, report to this
House, and I believe that we are all ready
to assist them and to give them any in
formation that they may desire, or any
instruction that they may desire, at any
time they may see tit to ask us for fur
ther instructions. 1 hope for the honor
of this House that this resolution will be
I defeated, and that the committee shall
be permitted to go on in its duty.
Mr. Mellick— As the originator "of this
idea, entirely upon my own responsibility,
I wish to say, in answer to Mr. Caminetti,
that, viewing the circumstances as they
exist, there should be added these two
members to that committee. It is not a
case like one in court, where a jury is
hearing the evidence and simply bringing
in a question of guilty or not guilty. We
are asked to bring in a report, and. so far
as this committee has gone, it can bring
in a report signed by the members, up to
this time; and then we can go on and
bring in a further report, signed by all
the committee; it will not be an Injustice
to these two members that they have not
heard all the evidence. If they want to go
over the testimony they can do so. It is
written out. If they only want to sign a
report on the testimony that comes in
after this they can do that; so it will not
be an injustice to the members. But I am
only responsible for my own actions and
my own conduct, and for myseir, i will say
that in regard to this motion to add these
members in this way I will not vote for it.
I say it positively and absolutely, because
I do not propose to stand between these
two large interests, the Grant forces and
the Burns forces, and have my brains
butted out. Now then, Mr. Speaker, I
say, as I said in the beginning, that there
are three members of that committee vot
ing for Bulla, and these other two inter
ests are not being represented on that
committee, and. criticized as- we are by
j both sides. I say it is unfair that we
should go on in this way. There should
be at least one member of the Assembly
of each of these forces selected, and they
should have their say on the committee.
Mr. Works— Mr. Speaker, as one whose
name is mentioned in the proposed resolu
tion, I do not care to say very much
about this matter, except to say that I
heartily agree with what Mr. Camlnetti
has said upon the subject; not only be
cause it is a fact that I would be placed
in an exceedingly embarrassing position it
the resolution should carry. nut because
of the fact that I do not believe it would
be just to this House or just to the people,
as he has said, to have two members of
the committee come in so late and at
tempt to make a report upon the matter
of the investigation. To my mind, if this
House desires to have two names added
to that committe, the only proper way it
can be done is to call upon this investigat
ing committee to make a report of Its pro
ceedings up to the present time, and then
add two members to the committee. Then
we can start in with a clean slate and
base our report as to the proceedings upon
the partial report that has been made
up to this time. I have no motion to of
fer as to that, on account of the fact that
I am interested in this matter, my name
being menioned in the resolution. I sug
gest that some member ought to take the
initiative in that course.
The Speaker— The question is upon the
adoption of the amendment offered by Mr.
Johnson that the name of Mr. Cobb bo
substituted for that of Mr. Johnson.
The motion was put and lost.
The Speaker— The question Is now upon
the adoption of the resolution as original
ly read. ' _
Mr. Dibble— Now, as the mover of the
resolution, one v«rd in conclusion. T * [a
a very common thing to crease investi
! gating committees lU legislative bo
and there Is no similarity between such
proceedings and those intimated by the
gentleman from Amador in respect of
courts and Juries. And the gentleman
from Los Angeles. Mr. Mellick, has indi
cated to the House the reason why this
increase should be made; that this inves
tigation has taken a wide range, and that
there are two of the candidates for the
United States Senate who are being voted
for in joint assembly every day, who
arc not represented on that investigating
committee; and it is only in justice to
them and to that committee that the
friends of those candidates should be upon
Chat committee. I think the House should
*» C^ntWr. Speaker I would
I like to ask the gentleman: Is it the sup-
Dorters o f Mr. Burns that are making
this Investigation? Is it the supporters of
Mr Grant that are making this investi
gation? Is it the supporters of any one
that are making this investigation? Why
1 thought it was the Assembly of the
State of California that was making this
investigation, and if it is the Assembly,
I why we have got seven Assemblymen
i making this investigation, and that com
mittee has not asked. us to add anything
to it.. They have not asked us for any
Instructions, and I think you arc proceed
ing upon a wrong proposition. The As
sembly is making this investigation, and
the chairman of that committee has not
asked for any further instructions or for
any addition to that committee.
Mr. Mellick— That is all right for Dem
ocratic buncombe, but, so far as actual
straight business is concerned, I do not
think it is right.
Mr. Caminetti— Mr. Speaker, I want to
ask the gentleman as to the Democratic
buncombe. I regret as much as anybody
that we are compelled to take this matter
up, and I hope that 1 have heard the last
from the gentleman from Los Angeles
about Democratic buncombe. I will say
to him that whenever 1 get upon this floor
I shall be sincere in what I say. I am not
like him— to take one. stand in speaking
upon a matter and vote another way. I
am not like he is, who does not stand upon
what he has, said, and who votes contra
ry to what he says. .-,.."
Mr. Valentine— l arise to a point. of or
der. I do not think we have the time
here to discuss personalities.
The Speaker— The point of order is well
taken. ." < • • r. •
Mr. Valentine— Mr. Speaker, there Is one
reason that suggests Itself to my mind
why it is vastly important that this reso
lution should carry. I understand there
is a rule of procedure established by the
committee, which was adopted by reso
lution, directing that no outsiders should
participate in this investigation, or ask
questions, or take any part in it what
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANTTABY 21, 1899.
ever, except so far as might be neces
sary to protect the witness who is upon
the stand. Now, we hove two of the
leading Senatorial candidates to-day with
out representation upon that committee,
and there is nobody to represent them
or to ask questions in their behalf. Out
siders are precluded from doing so, and
it is important. I say, that every one
should have opportunities to make a full
investigation In whatever direction he
may sec- fit under the guidance of the
committee; and for mat purpose he
should have a representative upon the
committee, and I hope that this resolu
tion will carry.
Mr. Johnson— Mr. SpeaKer, I think there
Is considerable force in what the gentle
man from Amaior said. I do not feel
very well this morning, and I do not
know whether T can talk loud enough to
be heard. I say there is a great deal of
force in what he says, namely, that this
ought not to be done, unless it is the
wish of the committee. One member of
the committee, Mr. Mellick. has expressed
a wish. Now, if it be that the other six
members of the committee do not want
the number increased, why I do not think
We ought to increase it. I am not speak
ing now regarding myself, but I am
speaking upon the question of increasing
tie committee.
Mr. Dibble— Silence gives consent. They
have not t-iitcred any objection.
Mr. Johnson— l say if the committee
does not want the increase we ought not
to give it. If the committee is lavoru
ble to the increase and thinks it would
assist it in carrying on its work, and will
be fair and equitable, that is another
proposition.
Mr. La Baree— l for one think tnat the
committee ought to be increased, us a
member of the committee.
Mr. Works— Mr. Speaker, r_he gentleman
from Los Angeles, Mr. Vale7itine. has said
he understands certain rules of procedure
have been laid down by this committee in
the investigation. 1 do not know how ho
understands that. There i.s no report
here, and 1 insist as an objection upon my
part to this resolution, that if the. House
desires to take this course that the re
port be called for, ill order that these
matters may be settlec. v might facil
itate this proceeding. A report from the
committee might end the Investigation.
The House might conclude that no fur
ther investigation is necessary. And I
think that course should ije taken. For
that reason, and for other reasons given
upon this floor. 1 am opposed to this reso
lution, and I desire t<> give notice now to
the House and to the members of the
committee that if I am placed upon it I
will insist upon the right of having all
the testimony that has been taken before
the committee read to me before i will
act.
Mr. Mellick— As I said before, this reso
lution was simply offered upon my part
because I was unwilling to be between
these conflicting interests, and I thought
it a fair proposition. And Mr. Caminetti,
when he makes the charges that lie does,
sayr. those things that axe false.
Mr. Johnson— Mr. SpeaJcer, 1 arise to a
point of order. That language is unpar
liamentary and improper.
The Speaker— The point is well taken.
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Speaker. I want to say
upon my part that 1 do not. and I defy
anybody to show where I speak one way
and vnte another, and I ask that you
point to a single instance in that regard.
Mr. Dibble— Well, this is all out of or
der.
Mr. Crowley of San Francisco— Mr.
Speaker, I think this matter has been
thoroughly discussed and that we may
come to a vote. I rruive that the whole
matter be laid on the table.
(Motion seconded and carried.)
Mr. Mellick— Mr. Speaker, now, then, if
the House, wants to offer a resolution ask
ing for a report of that committee, all
right. I wish to give notice that I am
going to withdraw from this Investiga
tion, because I do not want to be placed
between these conflicting interests.
Mr. Cosper — Mr. Speaker, is a report by
the committee, of special investigation in
order?
The Speaker— Yes.
Mr. Cosper offered the folio-wing report;
COMMITTEE'S FIRST REPORT.
Mr. Speaker — We, the undersigned,
your committee to whom was referred
the investigation of the charges that
illegal methods are being used to in
fluence members of the Assembly in
the matter of their votes for United
States Senator, with full power to act
in the premises, to subpena and ex
amine witnesses, beg leave to report:
That in pursuance of such resolu
tion adopted by the Assembly on
January 16, 1899. under which we
were appointed such committee, we
undertook such investigation.
Among witnesses called was Mil
ton J. Green, who refused to answer
certain questions submitted to him.
Such refusal to answer was reported
to this Assembly on January 18,
1899, together -with the questions so
submitted for answer and answers to
which were refused by the said Mil
ton J. Green.
The Assembly by unanimous vote
declared the questions pertinent and
proper to be asked of the said Milton
J. Green and directed that they
should be answered on returning to
the committee room. Your commit
tee duly notified Milton J. Green of
the said action of the Assembly and
resubmitted the said questions to him
for answer, whereupon he again re
fused to answer them.
E. T. COSPER, Chairman.
W. S. MELLICK,
J. B. SANFORD.
W. H. LA BAREE,
W. B. LARDNER.
Mr. Cosper's report was received and
Assemblyman Johnson came to hia feet
with the resolution that cited Milton J.
Green to the bar of the Assembly to say
why he should not be punished for the
contempt he has shown that august
body. Johnson's resolution, which was
adopted, was as follows:
Whereas, The special committee
appointed to investigate charges re
garding the methods used to influence
the votes of Assemblymen in the se
lection of United States Senator from
California has reported that one Mil
ton J. Green, a witness before said
committee, after being duly sworn,
refused to answer questions pro
pounded to said Green; and
Whereas, The Assembly has here
tofore decided that said questions
were pertinent and proper; now,
therefore, be it
Resolved, That said Milton J.
Green be and is hereby summoned to
appear before the bar of the Assem
bly on the 20th day of January, 189y,
at 2:30 o'clock p. m., then and there
to show cause if any he has why he
should not answer said questions or
be punished for contempt of the As
sembly for failing to answer said
questions.
Mr. Johnson's proposition was adopt
ed and Conrey withdrew his original
resolution.
When the appointed hour, 2:30
o'clock, rolled around every legislator
was in his seat awaiting the arrival of
Green.
Green, however, did not arrive. In
stead he sent around the following cer
tificate:
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 20.
This is to certify that I have this day
professionally attended Mr. Milton J.
Green, and that he is suffering with fever,
complicated with gastric disturbance. 1
further certify that he cannot attend on
the Assembjy to-day without danger of
seriously complie'ating his sickness and
jeopardizing his chancs of recovery. Re
spectfully, F. W. HATCH, M. D.
"I rise to a question of information."
chortled Mr. Johnson. "Can either the
janitor or sergeant-at-arms give any
information as to when he can be here?
I move that to-morrow at 2:30 o'clock
be set for his appearance."
Dibble was standing in for delay,
though, and insisted that Green be
given until Monday afternoon. Mellick
fitly wound up matters happily by
sending a statement to the desk to the
effect that he had talked with his
southern colleagues and they had con
vinced him it was his duty to remain
with the committee and that he would
do so, though under protest.
The report has been current here this
evening that in one of the corride.rs of
the Capitol this afternoon Walter
Bacon, IT. s. Grant's attorney, ap
proached Assemblyman Mellick of the
investigation committee and made him
a flat proposition to delay further in
vestigation Into Senatorial crookedness
until Monday afternoon. Color was
given the report by the pronounced in
clination toward procrastination that
has been evident on the part, of the
committee all the afternoon, and half
a dozen versions of the meeting have
been told.
"I think it would be the best plan to
lay further investigation over until
Monday." Mr. Bacon is reported to
have said. "By that time we will have
been able to square things and Mr.
Grant will go on the stand.
The story was not carried into the
Grant headquarters until late this
evening, when Mr. Bacon was asked as
to the truth of the rumor. "I heard
that report just a few minutes ago," re
plied he, "and I know that Mr. Mellick
himself has made this allegation. I
want to say that if he or any one else
says that I made any proposition of
delay he speaks an unqualified lie. My
last public utterance on that point was
that I wanted matters pushed as rap
idly as possible and I want to say right
here that Mr. Grant Is ready to go on
the stand now, has been ready to go
on all clay and will be glad to to-mor
row if this committee will quit dallying
and get to work.
"What I did say to Mellick this after
noon was that he had already got a
sight more of this investigation
than he wanted and that it would be
my pleasure to give him a whole lot
more before he is through with it. And
I will give it to the rest o? them, too.
This committee is directing this Investi
gation in just one direction and for just
one purpose— against Mr. Grant — and
they will get all they want of it.
"This is not the first lie I have got
Mellick in. He told me that the As
sembly instructed him that this Investi
gation was to include every charge that
came up and not alone the original
charge against Wright. I learn that
the Assembly gave him no such in
structions, even when he asked for
them in there to-day. We would have
harl Green there to-day if he had been
able, but we would have asked for de
lay that we might make our defense,
drove Johnson, however, took the
words out of our mouths by moving to
adjourn until Monday — magnanimous
old cuss, isn't he?"
NO MEETING OF THE COMMITTEE
The special committee of investiga
tion was to have met this morning at
10 o'clock, but for some reason the
members did not pet together, and no
meeting took place at that time. In
the afternoon, after the matter in ref
erence to the proceedings against Mil
ton J. Green was disposed of. a notice
was placed on the bulletin board of the
Assembly that a meeting would be held
as fjpon as a room could be secured.
If* was expected that the members
would come together after the Assem
bly adjourned. Mellick. Lardner and
Sanford waited in the Assembly cham
ber until about 5:15, when Mr. Wray.
clerk of the committee, appeared and
notified them Viat a meeting would be
held in the evening at 7:30. At that
time Mellick, Lardner, Sanford and
Burnett were in attendance, and soon
afterward Chairman Cosper appeared
and seemed to be very indignant, say
ing that he harl not authorized any one
to call a meeting for that hour. His
attention was called to the notipe on
the bulletin board and also to the fact
that the sergeant at arms had selected
the Assembly chamber for the meeting.
Chairman Cosper stated that he had
not authorized the notice to be placed
on the bulletin board, and as he had
made an engagement for the evening,
and deeired to be present when any
further testimony was taken, no meet
ing would be held this evening. There
were several witnesses present and
anxious to be examined and dismissed,
among them being Dan T. Cole. E. C.
Washburn and City Editor Simpson of
the Chronicle.
They tried to persuade the members
of the committee to hold a meeting. Mr.
Mellick stated that he did not wish to
take the responsibility without author
ity from the chairman, and although
the others were anxious to meet and
go ahead with the investigation no one
would take the Initiative, and It was
finally decided to defer the matter until
to-morrow. Lardner announced that
he would insist on a meeting the first
thing in the morning.
BURNS' HOPE LIES
IN THE CAUCUS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Two ballots to-day did
not brighten the prospects of Colonel
Burns. Senator Dwyer gave the touts a
little temporary eneouragment when he
cast a vote for Stephen M. Burns, but the
Joy in the Burns camp was brief. In the
San Francisco district, where Mr. Dwyer
dwells, Steve Burns, a good Democrat,
lives, and the Senator says he had Steve
In mind when the roll was called to-day.
lt is the talk here to-night that th»
caucus is the last ditch of the Burns
army. The "Colonel" must win in that
trench or lose. The hope of getting a cau
cus is based on the belief that the men
who now fear the exposure threatened by
the Investigation will listen to caucus
overtures. The suggestion Is made that
it Is high time to suppress scandals and
unite on some candidate for the Senate,
and then settle down to the legitimate
work of the session.
The paper calling for a caucus has not
yet been passeel around, but members .ire
lookingfor it. The Burns followers are now
playing to the Grant gallery. The report
is circulated that the Stfn Diego states
man will be let down easily if he con
sents that his men shall go into secret
agreement to terminate the struggle. The
sentiment is gaining force In the Legis
lature that the inquiry should not be con
fined to the misdoings of Grant. It is
claimed that if Moses Gunst were called
to the witness sand and compelled to
answer under oath all questions regarding
the corrupt use of money in San Fran
cisco districts the committee of investi
gation would develop some important
facts.
E. F. Preston of San Francisco ie said
to be in possession of facts that would
direct the committee to a rich find in the
exploration for fraud and improper use
of money. Surprise is manifested that
Assemblyman Brooke of this county ha 3
not been summoned by the committee to
tell what he knows regarding the at
tempts to coerce and persuade him to
line up for Burns. Ex-Senator Llnder
of Tulare is another one whose testimony
mi«ht be very useful in establishing thY
fact that money >iad been improperly, if
not unlawfully, expended.
It Is said that great pressure has been
bnmght on Herrin to induce the railroad
company to get out from behind the
"colonel." The report goes that Herrin
has said that he will leave the matter
wholly with Burns— that he will stay as
long as the "colonel" deems it wise to
continue. Dan will stay to make one long
pull and a strong pull to get the Grant
men into a Burns caucus.
Members of the Legislature who are
trembling on the verge of exposure are
beginning to cast their eyes toward the
caucus as an avenue of escape. Grant
and Green may be urged to release their
followers from their agreement to stand
by the San Diego statesman. Burns is
surely making preparations to receive and
shelter some of them when the break
comes.
The pressure on the part of Burns for
a caucus ia more urgent by reason of the
suspicion that the railroad may let go.
It is known that several of the members
of the Legislature who daily vote for
Burns are awaiting from Herrin the
slightest signal that desertion from
Burns' ranks would not cause extreme
displeasure in the yellow bufldlnf. It Is
known that two of the Burns following
are getting weary of the associatlon.
The balloting to-morrow may record two
or three changes, but the candidates to
night are; not claiming many advant;iges
in to-morrow's showdown of strength.
Thrre is a strong sentiment in the Legis
lature in favor of pressing the investiga
tion on until every guilty man Ifl ex
posed. The opinion is expressed that the
Senate will take up the Inquiry if the
Assembly falls down. When th<* fact
transpired to-night that subpena^s for
Lamberson and others had not been Is
sued, there was a foellng of apprehen
sion that the committee was beginning to
weaken.
SIMPSON WANTS TO
KEEP THINGS QUIET
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Senator Simpson, who
halls from the classic precincts of the
prohibition cky of Pasadena, which in
Southern California Is known as the
"Crown of the San Gabriel Valley," evi
dently desires to have California outdo
New England In its blue laws.
The Senator introduced to-day a bill in
the Senate which, if adopted and made a
law, will make the cities, towns and vil
lages of California appear as if they were
under the spell of some quieting Influence,
which in all the fifty years' history of the
State has never been adopted before.
Senator Simpson has given his bill this
title, "An act to prevent Sabbath desecra
tion." But the bill is not to be construed
to prevent "works of necessity and mer
cy." It is designed to prevent all stores
from keeping open and to prevent the
sale of Sunday newspapers. Drug stores
are excepted. All theaters, billiard rooms,
prize and cock fights, race tracks and
places of amusement of any kind or char
acter are included. Sportsmen and hunts
men are mentioned in the bill, but Sev
enth-Day Adventists, Baptists or He
brews who observe Saturday as their
seventh day or Sabbath, are exempt from
the provisions of the act, provided they
observe Saturday as th^ir Sabbath by
closing their places of business on that
day. All fines collected under this law
go to the State common school fund.
Senator Simpson's bill will do away with
almost everything except the running of
Sunday trains and the operation of drug
stores. If it should become a law ana
should be enforced the saloons wowle".
have to be closed in every city on Sunday
and the drug-store saloon would have a
monopoly of trade for mat day with this
exception: Suppose a Hebrew was con
ducting a saloon and observed Saturday
as the Hebrew Sabbath by closing his
place on that day. Then he would be able
to compete with the drug-store saloon in
enjoyincr the Sunday monopoly of the sa
loon* traffic.
Senator Simpson s bill would absolutely
prevent any places of amusement from
being open on Sunday of any kind or
character. It has been referred to the
Committee on Public Morals and will
there sleep for awhile.
CLASH OF AUTHORITY
IS IMMINENT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENT.O, Jan. 20.— The clash between the
executive and legislative departments of
the SUt;e may grow out of some differ
ences of opinion entertained by Governor
Gage and Senator Cutter concerning the
score and effect of Senate bill No. 27, re
lating to the consolidation of railroads.
When the bill went before the Senate
Committee on Corporation* some of the
members expressed the view that it
would enable railroad corporations to
combine against the interests of the pub
lic.
Senator Braunhart submitted several
amendments to prevent Increase of pas
senger and freight rates through the pro
cess of consolidation. It was further sug
gested that the bill be amended so as to
prevent competing roads from consolidat
ing.
Another amendment offered provides
that it shall be unlawful for two or more
railroad corporations to combine or to be
come jointly interested in the purchase or
lease of any other road.
The statement was made In behalf of
the bill that the measure was designed
to allow the Valley road and the Santa
Fe to combine by enabling the Valley
corporation to transfer certain properties
to the Santa Fe. A close study of the
proposed law convinced several of the
Senators that the bill if enacted into law
would permit the Southern Pacific to ac
quire competing roads and combine them
to the detriment of shippers.
It Is said that the attention of Governor
Gage was directed to the measure and
that he read the bill as originally re
ferred to the Senate Committee on Cor
porations and made comments which In
duced Senators to believe that he would
veto the measure if it should come to
him.
The reported expressions of the Gover
nor were conveyed to Senator Cutter, who
took occasion to remark that the legis
lative branch of the Government had
rights to exercise and duties to be per
formed which should be exercised and
performed without regard to the opinions
of the executive officer of the State. The
Senator went further and said if the bill
In question was vetoed by the Governor
the Legislature should pass it over the
veto.
EDUCATIONAL MATTERS
UNDER CONSIDERATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Despite the fact that
a quorum was not present at the initial
meeting of the Assembly's Committee on
Education this evening, Chairman de
Lancie thought it advisable to hold a
session with the aid of the three mem
bers who were on hand.
The first bill to receive the committee's
attention was Assembly bill 180, which
provides for the creation of a State high
school fund to be raised by a special tax
of 2 cents on every S!00 of assessable prop
erty. After some discussion it was de
cided that further consideration of the
measure bo postponed until a larger at
tendance of the members could be se
cured.
Assemblyman Cobb's amendments to
the annuity law, which provides an an
nuity fund, to which school teachers con
tribute and from which they eventually
receive their pensions, was recommended
for passage.
The bill proposed by Assemblyman Ar
nerich, with a view to making important
changes in the government of normal
schools, will be given attention on Tues
day next at 2:30 p. m. If the measure is
successful it will curtail the powers of
the principals or presidents of normal
schools. The latter, under the existing
law, are members of the board of trus
tees and are given power to recommend
their own teachers. The bill provieles
that the head of a normal school shall
not be a member of the board of trus
tees, and places the power of nominating
teachers In the hands of the board, which
is appointed by the Governor. On the
same afternoon Assemblyman Clark's bill,
which provides that Stanford University
be exempt from taxation, will be exam
ined. It Is probable that representatives
of the university will be on hand to point
out to the committee reasons why the
bill should be favorably recommended.
Busticating at Paso Robles.
PASO ROBLES, Jan. 20.— John w.
Mackay and R. V. Dey arrived at Hotel
El Paso de Robles. The gentlemen will
spend some time rusticating here. Sev
eral other distinguished guests, including
ex-Governor Budd. are expected dally at
the resort.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine bas L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CAUCUS PROSPECTS
ARE VERY REMOTE
Opponents of Burns Will Not Be Tools
| for His Schemes.
Supporters of Grant Bulla and Barnes Are a
Unit in Denouncing the Reports From the
"Knockery" as Untrue.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— The prospects of a gen
eral Republican caucus of the member*
of the Legislature to settle the Senatorial
question is now as remote and as far in
the future as is the actual settlement of
the question as to who the next Senator
from California to succeed Stephen M.
White will be. There are fifty-two mem
bers of the Legislature supporting U. S.
Grant, General W. H. L. Barnes and
Robert N. Bulla for United States Sena
tor, and at this time there is not one ot
those fifty-two members who can be found
who will favor or will say that he will in
the future favor the holding of a Republi
can Senatorial caucus.
The people who want a caucus and who
are exerting every Influence and making !
all kinds of statements, true or fake, to |
bring about a caucus for the early days J
of next week are the supporters of Dan |
M. Burns In the Legislature and the touts I
and the "push" that are supporting him
on the outside. They are crying caucus '
all the time, for they feel confident that j
if they can get eighty-five Republicans
into caucus they can command a majority
to agree to the proposition that the cau
cus ballot be a secret one. This being the
case, the Burns touts claim that the
colonel would have no difficulty in secur
ing 43 votes, a majority of the caucus,
which would make him the nominee of the !
caucus and insure him HI votes on joint ;
ballot. There Is plausibility to the belief j
of the Burns people that the caucus is :
the only hope they have, and it is not to
be wondered that they are so anxious to
secure one.
The report, however, came in this even
ing direct from the "yellow building"
and the political bureau conducted by \V.
F. Herrin to the effect that there would
be a general Senatorial caucus on Mon
day or Tuesday of next week and that the
Grant men had consented to participate
in and abide by it, in consideration of
which the report of the investigating
committee now looking into the charges
of bribery in the Senatorial fight would
be so worded as not to cast any reflec
tions on U. S. Grant.
This report, when carried to the Grant
headquarters, created intense indigna
tion. Mr. Grant himself denied that he
was making any effort or any promise to
In any way affect the report of the com
mittee. He said he was agreeing neither
to do nor not to do anything to affect the
committee's final action. Whatever it was
it would in no 1 way be affected by his
promise, one way or the other.
James Brown, who, owing to the sick
ness, actual or assumed, of Milton J.
Green, Is Mr. Grant's right hand man,
was quite angry when the story was told
to him. He said: "Why, that story is
absolutely rot. We have no desire to
stop the investigation. It has only just
commenced. We have a list of witnesses
we desire subpenaed which is three feet
long, and we can give the committee rea
sons why every one of them should be
called and what they will testify to.
"As far as the investigating committee
report Is concerned we are making no
promises to anybody in an endeavor to
affect it.
"As to the general proposition of a cau
cus we have it from Mr. Grant's friends
in the Legislature that they will never
assent to It under any circumstances. It
might please the Burns touts, but it does
not please us. No sir. they cannot fool
us. They have dispatched half a dozen
people here, sent to secure our consent to
a caucus, but we have scorned tf*- idea.
If Colonel Burns ever gets sixty-one Re
publican votes in this contest he will have
to get them in the open, on the floor of
the joint Assembly. We will not be a
party to any- secret caucus proceedings
to bring about his election.
"The Bulla men say that before they
will treat with us we must show them our
entire list of prospective supporters in
addition to those we now have. It would
certainly be Idiocy for us to do anything
of the kind, for ten minutes after that
list was given the Bulla men it would be
in the possession of Colonel Dan M. Burns
and his touts.
"This talk about any break from Mr.
Grant at this time is foil}-. Grant is now
the leading candidate. The man next to
him is Burns. The vote can. under the
circumstances, never go to Bulla. Ho is
next to Burns. Now, if there was some
decent, respectable man. known over the
State as a clean man next to Grant with
twenty-six votes Instead of Burns there
might be some ground for supposing that
after a while there would be a creak from
Grant to that decent candidate. As long
as D. M. Burns is next highest to Grant
you need not expect any break in the
Grant forces. Our people are not ad
mirers of Burns or his methods." )
Assemblyman Raw of El Dorado
County, a strong Grant man. said that in
his judgment the legislative supporters of
Mr. Grant would never for one moment
consent to a general Republican Sena
torial caucus under any circumstances.
Assemblyman Milioo of Riverside
County stated that he had never yet
found among any of the twenty-eight
supporters of Mr. Grant a single man
who favored at any time, now or in the
future, the holding of a leglslative^caucus
of Republicans to settle the . Senatorial
question.
Assemblyman Works and Senator Nutt
of San Diego County indorsed the state
ment of Captain Milice. It will be seen
that not only the legislative supporters
of Mr Grant but his ' managers are un
qualifiedly opposed to any caucus at this
or any other time, and they are also a
unit in denouncing the story sent out !
from the Yellffw Knockery to brace up I
the Burns column Into belleveing that the |
Grant forces are trying to treat with them :
to secure a report from the investigating
committee that will exonerate Mr. Grant i
and that the price is their participation j
in a caucus with Burns' supporters.
None of Senator Bulla's thirteen Re- <
publican votes which he la daily receiving
on joint ballot will participate in a caucus
at any time during the session. Senator
Bulla so announced this evening in an in
terview, and Assemblyman Valentine in- 1
dorsed his emphatic statement. They had
both heard of the story sent out by W. F.
Herrin In Burns' interests, and were in- ■
vestigating it. They could find no founda- j
tlon for it.
The eleven Assemblymen and Senators ;
who are so gallantly supporting General i
W. H. L. Barnes are not going into any ;
caucus, at least not at this time nor next i
week.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of Santa Clara !
County stated that he was opposed to j
the holding of any caucus, and until he '
had positive assurance that a < aucus
would settle the present deadlock anei
break it he was opposed to it.
"We think," said Senator Morehouse, !
"that General Barnes holds the key to j
the situation. That being the case, it I
would be very foolish for us to go into
any caucus.
General Barnes himself made this state-
ment: „ , _
"I have given it out before, and I now
reiterate it, that if at any time the elimi
nation of my individuality from the Sena
torial contest will tend to clear it un and
bring about a settlement 1 am ready to
retire. But I cannot see that it will, and
therefore I am still in the fight. I have
never asked any of my present support
ers to vote for me. They have done so of
their ovn free will and volition. I have
not asked then? to go In or stay out of a
caucus, and I do not know what they will
do; but I imagine that they will not par
ticipate in one at present, v There can be
no settlement of the Senatorial question
as long as Mr. Grant or Colonel Burns re
mains in the race. They must both retire
before any election can be obtained. Col
onel Burns Is not only very shrewd, but
he*is also very secretive. What his Inten
tions may be I do not think any man
knows, for he never talks on important
matters with more than one man present.
He will not retire until he thinks that it
is impossible for him to be elected", and.
he. may not arrive at that conclusion until
it is time for the Legislature to adjourn.
"As for Mr. Grant. I have only the
kindest feeling for him. I am more or less
responsible for his appearance in Califor
nia politics. I made the speech which se
cured hip election as delegate at large to
the Republican convention in 1596. What
he is going: to do no one can tell. He
may hold the Legislature in a deadlock.
"However, as I said before. If the elim
ination of my personality from this con
test will at any time effect a settlement
I am ready to retire."
President pro tern Thomas Flint of tha
Senate was asked how he felt about the>
caucus find he requested that he be quot
ed as follows: Tom Flint and Senator
Rowell are the two supporters of Hon.
Thomas Bard. They have held no cau
cuses to date. At 10 o'clock this evening
Tom Flint was opposed to the holding
of any Republican Senatorial caucus. But
Tom Flint states that he reserves the
right to favor the holding of surh a cau
cus at a future hour, but now he la
against it.
TO PROVIDE A FUND
FOR EXEMPT FIREMEN
CALT, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.-The Assembly Com
mittee on Municipal Corporations met
and proceeded to work this afternoon.
The first hill considered was one Intro
duced by Assemblyman Johnson of Sac
ramento, whirli provides a fund for ex
empt fireman. Tt will be recommended for
passage. The bill creates an exempt fire
men's relief fund in the several cities in
the State. It rflates to the formation and
enrollment of fire companies and to the
enumeration of exempt firemen in such
companies. Th<- bill states that the Su
pervisors of the various counties shall*
annually set apart from the general fund
in the treasury of the county a certain
amount, to l.p paid into th.=> fund. The
relief shall nor e.werd $25 to each enrolled
number, and then only when that member
is disabled from injuries, sickness or in
firmities of age and unable to earn a live
lihood.
Bills 42. 43 and 44 were also passed fav
orably upon. Assembly bill 42 provides
for yearly vacations for firemen. Assem
bly bill A?<, wUI be s^-nt hack to the House
without recommendation.
HUNTINGTON AS
A POLITICAL PROPHET
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Senator
Elkins, as is well known. Is a particular
friend of C. P. Huntington. The West
Virginia Senator -was anxious to know
something as to the California Sena
torial situation and several days aeo
queried Huntington, who telegraphed
in reply:
"I am taking no part In politics, but
I think Burns will be elected Senator."
A Commissioner of Public Works.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. IM.— Assemblyman Raub of
Sutter has introduced a bill In the Assem
bly which has for its purpose the creation
of a Commissioner of Public Works,
whose duty shall be the examination of
lands subject to damaging- inundation or
overflow and prepare plans and estimates
of cost for works to control such flood
waters; also the supervision of public
works constructed or carried on by the
State or under State authority. He shall
receive as compensation $1800 per annum
and all traveling expenses. Referred to
Committee on State Capitol and Publio
Works.
ADVEBTISEMEN TS.
—^"/"TY^-Ck The trouble with most
|Tljr \ i'*~ ~1 Wbi« men is not that they
K^' ? *;!>?^Esi§?*i do not know how to
H^X^jn^^HEZJ work, but that they do
J rV^v i\ no know how to rest.
a /J/.'^Vy \ If a man knows how
■ /.I JX^St^X to rest and how to take
■ W&i'?2^r t '^KK care •of his health,
■* &v tliere * s ar^y a limit
H i?l T&X. >l to tne am onnt of work
Be /Kf-**^/. ite, \ that he may accom-
Ba-ftTy^if' \ 3fc> Nplish without doing
]*irfirp=tV| 1 '*^k\ X himself injury.
* WKe ? j^s^W The trouble is that
N \ I\^scL men not only over-
VV v -v\\V ■work, but that
\ \ \l^\^)\\ tnev neglect
v^y s -. ilk to rest at the
\ proper hours
and neglect
their health.
A man passes a restless, sleepless night,
gets up dull and headachey in the morning,
goes to the breakfast table without an ap-
petite, bolts what little he does eat and
rushes away to business. He is drowsy
and nervous by turns all day and forces
himself to work against his will. He takes
five minutes for lunch and not a minute to
rest afterward. He goes home at night
utterly fagged out and with no appetite for
sapper. The idea of taking medicine or
even taking .1 little rest never enters his
head. Some night his wife finds him in
the rocking-chair before the fire-place —
dead. The doctor will call it nervous pros-
tration or heart trouble or something of
that kind. Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical
Discovery is the best medicine for hard
working men. It restores a keen edge to
the appetite. It facilitates the flow of the
digestive juices and makes the digestion
and assimilation perfect. It invigorates
the liver and purifies and enriches the
blood. It is the great blood-maker, flesh-
builder and nerve-tonic. Medicine dealers
sell it.
H. Gaddis. Esq.. of No. 313 South J Street. Ta-
coma. Washington, writes: " I was taken ill in
February 1892. My lungs hurt me and I got so
. poor that I was just skin and bone. I thought I
was going to die. I tried Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery and it saved my life."
Dl£»fl - r'Pk 5 C ' For sick headache, bil-
aT ICI V'C 15 lousness and constipa-
tion, Dr. Picrce's Pleas-
ant Pellets are the most rational cure
known. They are mild but thorough and
effective. They regulate and invigorate
stomach, liver and bow-
els. Never gripe. No Dpi f^yf
other pill is like them, a CilwtS*INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
SHREWD POLITICS
THAT AVAIL NOT
Bums Tried to Make Capital Out of the
Investigation.
Since the Inquiry Has Turned in the Direction
of the Mexican There Is an Effort to
Pull the Whole Thing into a Muddle.
;■•;•■•■ CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKNTO, Jan. 20.— To-day the sun was
' /: CsMinlng. a really notable circumstance. It
v,' pearly drove away the tule fog and attend
".:'"':.j?d.lo business until it went down. How
j:-'evef, there are some here to whom the
£2 £ftn docs not seem to shine. People pass- ■
f.-- ing; through the rotunda of the Capitol!
; ;(' -iooktd as never before at the beautiful |
.;: ip of statuary In the center. There i
■ ;v: was' great indignation at the act of some {
;; r -.-.vandal in breaking two fingers from one j
;::j.'(jfithe figures of the group. Probably the |
;0. : .-.age was an accident. It is hard to j
Imagine anybody mean enough to do it I
:;■ deliberately, yet there are people who j
.':,': .;write anonymous letters.
;■..,-. Milton Green did not appear at the bar '.
v: - -. of the Assembly, for he was sick, and the !
" : --. certificate of his physician was ail the
<:■''. . lobby got a chance to enjoy In connection J
with the matter. He was granted until
'■':; '.Monday afternoon, and then must, ac
■ ;'.•.. cording to pl-ns, answer questions or be
;,: in contempt, a condition involving great
: ... discomforts. Aside from the professional
' 7;' Standing of the physician. I have no doubt
"that Green is ill. for he has for days been
';.. .'...subject to a terrific strain, and the mur
,. ; : rrrurs of disbelief were both groundless
'. : - ..'and unkind.
■.'■*;/ Preliminary to the non-arrival of the
/; ./expected climax. Caminetti and Mellick
: .-•had a verbal scrap, for which both were i
..tailed to order, as they deserved. Mellick
'.'■.■ has been worked hard in connection with
'■..• Important committee duties, and if his
i:' .nerves are not in the best condition, no
;„•'.'. wonder. Caminetti does not stem to have
/.•-.nerves, yet there is no occasion to apolo
• gize for either of them, and such episodes ,
}'■-' relieve the tedium.
There was no meeting of the investiga
}■■' tion committee to-day. The excuse was j
•• '.given that there was not a room avail
:■ able, and the morning was largely con
: .. eumed in debating whether to enlarge the
. committee. The honor of a place on this
. :i body is not eagerly sought, and the gen
' tlemen already there wish there had been
opened to them some other way of serv
' ing their country. While the matter was
■ b^ing considered verbal bouquets were fly
ing, and Johnson received a shower of
them. He must have felt that he was
being pelted with flowers. The additions
. . wore not made, and perhaps it is as well.
"Jn my opinion, the committee has reached
.-.■ the end of its usefulness and lost such
-.'■•". .enthusiasm as it may have had from the
••/•"start. That the accusation brought
. ; •."•■against Cosper was disconcerting there is
;■ ''■"•■no doubt; but one would think that for
•'•his own protection he would desire the
• tfTair followed out to a finish.
£ ■ •'•' It was through the exposure of Speaker
; ' Wright's double dealing and his confes
-' .-Kion to having received money that the ln
-.' ...vestigation was started in order that mat
-."■■= '\\irs of common knowledge might become
'•'•' matters of record, and a proper penalty
"•: 'meted out. So far as Wright was con
••'; cerned the evidence was so direct and
-.: overwhelming that even had the commit
■ ■■■ tee been unfair and inclined to shield him
'.",.no biased verdict could have saved his
■':'" reputation. , , ,
■'. • But the scope of the committee is broad.
••■lt has the powers of a court and its duty
'.:• under the resolution is to be thorough in
'•' ■ each Instance of suspected corruption. Yet
•■:'■' 1 detect a languishing of purpose, too
• ■'.many seem likely to be drawn In, too
■ ; '-many are uncomfortable.
To digress for a moment, I am sorry
••• that Wright has enmeshed himself in
■•■sixch a weD of falsehood. Perhaps had he
'..'frankly acknowledged his course, that It
■ -.was a mistake, and expressed regret, he
■ ."could have retained some measure of re
•'-■ spect. Instead of doing this, he avoided
••■'• .the truth with marvelous dexterity, his
'.""•statement of the cost of the primaries not
•V 'being even suggestive of fact. He told
• hi- bonfires and bands, yet the fires had
v -never blazed save in his imagination and
•A/'.th'e bands had played only in his mind. If
■■•the man is not utterly discredited so that
•••■'.' : ''a shadow will be over him while he is in
■••:.' politics, then politicians not only are dis
":.ti«nest, but don't care who knows it.
'The committee ought to subpena Gunst,
;■ -who is Police Commissioner for Dan
•"• Burns by courtesy of Governor Gage,
'■"•and ask him what he knows of campaign
.'expenses. Colonel E. F. Preston could
v '•' 'also throw light where light is needed.
. : ■ fkj.mebody has said that Burns had spent
•'■ $19,000 of 'his own money on the campaign
■"-^his does not include $14,000 of railroad
:'.Kione.y Editor de Young stated in his pa
•'.•'•;pct that Burns had expended— de
'•'EPrvod to win.
.•"•. 'This remark is attributed to Gunst, and
' .'to hear him repeat it on the stand would
■ -I'm Instructive, and bo would be a denial
from him. It la understood that if Gunst
V'Viaa forgotten Colonel Preston could jog
'• "his memory. Yet the Investigation pauses
■'■'.when there are many with Information.
'•'•' J/uSt because there was a chance for Mr.
: fie ' Young and Mr. Spreckels to be called
■ i'-dof-s not strike me as adequate reason for
■'■' ■' calling proceeaings off and if Mr. Herrln
".••i.iould add to the testimony he would be
ned to with much interest and glad
I." io promote the cause of -urity. It is not
' ': probable any of these will be summoned,
•v. iin-d the tales they might tell will be as
■•'■; unklssed kisses. I believe the committee
r''-- feels already the burden of more informa
■■•.•■ t!on- than is pleasing, and that it intends
■.•■-I- xo unload and cease accumulating. Be
■-' ' «ldes this some friction has arisen and
■••-• the members have to exert themselves
•'/'• 'delicately and strenuously to keep their
- "■. tempers."
' ..' In connection with the Investigation, the
■■■• -Burns people have been doing some
:'" shrewd politics, which is understood to
•'.' lie wnat they are here for. They es
-: ■ 'caned being represented in the body, so
>•• that they could watch the show without
'■• «eeming"to participate. They cheered it
•' on, while the tendency was to besmirch
••■\ : the Grant management, but now that
:.-:• they find that they must do a turn on
.' '. the stage they want the curtain rung
down.
.: ■ • The investigation was begun In good
■ ■■ .faith so far as the instigators of it were
. " '-concerned. It was not aimed at Wright,
■ : .'..nor at any particular candidate or legis
;.. lator. If stopped now the purpose will
-"•have been subverted, and honesty once
• -more not only beaten, but used as a club
/..whereby to administer the beating. This
■ '•'is -sharp, but the picking of the pocket
•• or the blowing of a safe requires skill
■.and yet does not thereby become respec
' table.
■ ". There -were the two regular ballots at
.' noon and no changes. That to take more
: "ballots would have been a waste of time
'..was so apparent that no effort was made
. 'to go on. The motion to adjourn was
:■. • carried according to the ruling of the
" president pro tern. This was a com
'.inendable action on his part, although to
'. me the chorus of "noes" was fully as
loud as the "ayes." However, the place
. was bo close that everybody was glad to
'. got out.
Opinions gathered from conversation i
■with members Indicate that the forces
• will remain as now. at least until the j
Investigation committee has made its re
•port and relieved some statesmen so they i
will be able again to draw a long breath. !
I do not think It will come then. A glance
' tit the votes shows that Grant and Burns j
are the only ones whose fallowings are |
large enough to control the situation, and i
that they would have to do it by com- I
bining and gather In a few scattering
votes besides. Both forces disclaim In
dignantly the remotest possibility of de
ar HEHHY JAMES.
; serting, while, when the two mix, oil and
1 water will do similarly.
Assemblyman Dwyer created a laugh
, by voting for "Stephen M. Burns," and
while he quickly amended by striking out
the "Burns" and substituting "White" he
; blushed a rosy red at the roar, and the
i;.:« officer had to gavel the throng
into proper silence. The Joint Assembly
does not often have a chance to reach
a point of hilarity beyond a giggle.
In fairness must be added that while
, the investigation committee might as well
s.'ssion to-night, three members are
! jrroatly displeased because of the neglect
■ of the majority to be attending to busi
i ness. There are only seven membtTv
i The formation of a "solid four" might
| easily destroy the usefulness of the body.
IMPORTANT MEASURES
BEFORE THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Pursuant to the notice
given yesterday by Assemblyman Meade
of Los Angeles, Senator Cutter's attache
bill came up to-day In the Assembly for
reconsideration.
Valentine of Los Angeles, who has en
gineered the bill through its Assembly
career, backed up Meade's demand for
reconsideration and gave as his reason
for doing so that he wished to make some
amendments that were necessary to bring
the bill in accord with the constitution.
As the bill was passed yesterday it
made it possible to remove from his po
sition every attache and officer of the
Assembly except the Speaker and ;
Speaker pro tern. With that clause In ■
effect it would have been impossible to I
call Howard E. Wright down from the '
chair should the committee now invest!
gating the charges against him decide
upon such action. The fact that there
was discrimination in favor of two of the
officers as against the rest also rendered
the bill unconstitutional, and to straighten
it out Mr. Valentine moved to amend by
striking out the words "except the Speak
er and Speaker pro tern." To effect this
amendment Mr. Valentine moved that the
bill be referred to a committee of one,
and It was so ordered. Upon motion of
Dibble it was again made the special or
der for to-morrow. The second reading
rile occupied the attention through almost
all of the afternoon session.
The Committee on Federal Relations '
sent in a bunch of joint and concurrent
resolutions with and without recommend
ations.
The Senate joint resolution ratifying the i
Vallejo charter was adopted, as was Sen
ate joint resolution No. 6, relating to navy
yards.
The joint resolution calling upon Con
gress to declare the island of Molokai a
station for the isolation of lepers was
adopted as recommended by the commit
tee. It was introduced on Wednesday by
Assemblyman E. S. Sullivan of San Fran
cisco, and will doubtless be passed by the
Senate.
Assembly joint resolution Xo. 3, by
Works, of San Diego, relative to the
breakwater at San Diego harbor, was
adopted with the amendment that was
fastened to it on its trip through the Sen
ate.
The Committee on Dairying and Dairy
Products reported for passage Assembly
bills Nos. 13-5 and 120 for the prevention
of deception in the urlling of "renovated
butter" and short weight butter pack
ages.
The bill introduced by Chynoweth of
Orange during the earlier days of the ses
sion, which provides a penalty for the
building up of a monopoly on staple
goods, was referred back to the house
by the Labor and Capital Committee,
with the recommendation that It be re
ferred to th» Judiciary Committee.
Lardner of Placer introduced a resolu
tion directing the sergeant at arms to
provide a commodious meeting room,
with the necessary desks and chairs, for
the special committee on investigation.
It v.ns promptly passed, and after decid
ing to tear down the rather giddy inaugu
ral ba!L decorations adjournment was
taken to the regular hour to-morrow
morning.
BELSHAW ACT DEAD
AND THE BARS DOWN
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— The Belshaw act is
dead and the bars are down to the horde
of job-chasers that has flocked into this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
town in the last week in anticipation of
the glad event. Senate bill 199, the prod
uct of Cutter of Sutter and Yuba, went
through the Assembly on its final read
ing and passage yesterday morning and all
that remains now to inaugurate the gold
en carnival of the Legislature of a thou
sand scandals is the signature of Gover
nor Gage.
Everything that could be done was done
this morning by the Democratic minority
! and Assemblyman Belshaw and his half
dozen Republican adherents to limit the
j Cutter bill to its actual provisions. It
| provides for a specific number of addl
i tlonal attaches, not more than are actual
i ly needed, but as it is phrased more em
ployes may be hired by simple resolution
and to eradicate this weakness Caminetti
of Amador offered an amendment that in
case other employes were to be employed
j It should be only upon a four-fifths vote
of the Assembly. His resolution was prac
tically along the same lines as that intro
duced yesterday by Belshaw and it met
the same fate. The Assembly went into
! committee of the whole to consider the
amendments, and after adopting two in
tended to rectify mistakes in the phrase
ology reported the bill back to the House
with the recommendation that It pass as
amended and It went through at a gallop,
the vote standing 48 ayes, 27 noes.
Dibble said it was his opinion that the
whole bill was unconstitutional. He did
not believe that the Assembly had tha
right to say how many employes the Sen
ate should have nor bow many succeed
ing legislative majorities it should have.
He thought the whole matter should be
settled by rule and not by enactment—
but he voted for the bill and fought for it
as hard as any one on the floor and was
as contented as any of the rest when it
I had passed.
Debate on the Cutter bill was inter
rupted by a message from the Senate to
the effect that San Francisco's charter
had been ratified by the vote of that body,
and the fact was chronicled on the min
utes In a burst of hearty applause.
Another message from the other house
' announced that the Senate joint resolu
; tion referring to improvements on Hum
' boldt Bay had also passed and It was
I forthwith turned over to Clerk Kyle.
The Labor and Capital Committee ren
! dered its report, in which it recommended
I the passage of four bills of Sanford of
Mendodno. The bills were Nos. 75, 83,
84 and 85, and dealt with labor matters,
doing away with the blacklist, establish
ing a lunch hour for mlllhands and creat
j ing a ten-hour day in certain classes of
labor.
The first file wcrk of the session was
taken up with Valentine's Assembly bill
No. 62, creating a commission of three to
see to the proper representation of Cali
fornia at the Paris Exposition. The
house went into committee of the whole
to consider amendments, and changed the
compensation of the Commissioners from
a per diem to $5000 each and traveling ex
penses. The bill as amended was passed
through its second reading.
At the finish of the joint ballot the As
sembly adjourned on motion of Dibble.
TO STOP SMUGGLING
INTO PRISONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— The recent scandals re
garding the smuggling of opium into San
1 Quentin and the exposure that was made
; of this traffic by the newspapers has re
i suited in legislative action. At least Sen
l ator Bulla has taken cognizance of it. for
[he introduced a bill in the Senate
this morning which makes it a fel
ony for any one to smuggle, in
troduce or carry into any State
prison or reformatory any opium,
morphine, or narcotic of any kind: any
firearms or weapons of any character.
If this bill becomes a law It is very liable
to put a stop to the practices which hay*
been freely indulged in. not only at San
Quentin, but at some of the insane asy
lums as well as at Whittler and at lone
for visitors to carry to the friends they
are permitted to see either opium or mor
phine or some proscribed and prohibited
article.
Warden Hale of San Quentin Is here
and It is said that he strongly urges the
passage of this act as introduced Jay
Senator Bulla.
A bill was also introduced In the As
sembly to-day by Assemblyman Atherton
regarding the unauthorized bringing into
State reformatories or prisons Intoxicat
ing liquors, narcotics or firearms. It reads
as follows:
Any person not authorized by law who
brings Into either of the State prisons of
the State of California, or any reforma
tories therein, or within the grounds of
such institutions, any opium, morphine,
cocaine, or other narcotics or any intoxi
cating liquors of any kind whatever, or
fire arms., weapons or explosives of any
kind, is guilty of a felony, and upon con
viction thereof shall be punished by im
prisonment in the State prison for a term
not less than one nor more than rive years
and shall be disqualified from holding any
State office or position in the employ of
this State.
The bill was referred to the committee
on State prisons and reformatories.
A BILL AFFECTING
CATTLE QUARANTINE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Speaker pro tern. An
derson of Solano introduced into the As
sembly this morning another bill affecting
the quarantine that is to be raised against
cattle and stock afflicted with contagious
and infectious diseases.
It authorizes the State Board of Health
to take such action as is necessary to
prevent the introduction into this State
of domestic animals infected with an
thrax, splenetic or Texas fever, glanders,
hog cholera and all other diseases of that
class.
The board is further directed to make
a complete investigation throughout the
State to discover if any of these maladies
already exist; and it is empowered to em
ploy such experts as may be needed.
It shall be the duty of the expert to re
port at once to the Board of Supervisors
of any county in which he may find con
tagious diseases, and the Supervisors are
directed to Immediately raise the neces
sary o.uarantlne against either exporta
tion or importation. If the Board of Su
pervisors does not act within five days
the Board of Health shall have power to
do so and is so directed. The bill was re
ferred to the Committee on Health and
Quarantine.
SENATOR STRATTON LOOKS
AFTER THE UNIVERSITY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Senator Stratton of Al
ameda County has taken the State Uni
versity under his wing and is seeing to it
that all bills affecting the university get
in early and receive prompt consideration.
This morning the Senator Introduced a
bill providing an appropriation of $85,000
for the university, to be expended as fol
lows:
For an addition to the chemical library,
$5000; for a students' observatory, $15,000;
for an auditorium and necessary furnish
ings, $20,000: for bridges on the university
grounds. $2000; for improvements on the
university grounds. $6000: for water sup
ply for the university, $20,000: for a build
ing for the agricultural department to re
place the one destroyed by fire, $10,000;
for improving and grading the gTounds of
the Affiliated Colleges, $22,000.
Senator Stratton has also introduced a
bill to provide for the payment of the in
terest of the outstanding bonds of the
State held in trust for the university fund
and on the additional sum of $79,750 divert
ed from the endowment fund. The taxe3
to pay the interest on these bonds Is to be
fixed by the State Board of Equalization.
A BILL AIMED AT
WHISKY RECTIFIERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— Assemblyman Cosper of
Tulare introduced into the Assembly this
morning a bill designed to forbid the sale
of single stamp whiskies in the State of
California, The bill has been referred to
the Pure Foods Committee, and will prob
ably be reported favorably to the House.
Mr. Cosper's proposed law is apparently
aimed at every wholesale liquor dealer in
San Francisco who holds a rectifier's
license. When whiskies are distilled they
are placed in bond at from 101 to 103
proof— that is. containing about 50 per
cent of alcohol.
It has been the enstom of San Francisco
dealers to blend one whisky with another
or with spirits or with water to cut the
proof down to about 85 or 42Vs per cent.
This means that the alcoholic contents of
the whisky sold in the city ranges at
about 40 per cent or a little more, as
against 50 per cent in proof whisky, which
Cosper's bill is intended to enforce.
BILL TO ESTABLISH
AN EIGHT HOUR LAW
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— 1n the Assembly this
morning Hoey of San Francisco intro
duced a bill which limits the time of ser
vice of laborers, workmen and mechanics
employed upon public buildings of the
State, whether the work is done by con
tract or otherwise, to eight hours, and
makes it unlawful for any officer of the
State or any person or corporation in
the employ of the State to require or
permit any one employed by them to
work more than eight hours a day, ex
cept in cases of extraordinary "emer
gency.
The bill also makes it unlawful for any
STILL NO CHANGE
IN THE BALLOTING
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— Assemblyman
Pierce, who played soldier and other things -with Dan Burns when he
was a barefoot orphan boy and lived in Yolo County, was absent to
day when the joint ballot came on and both Burns and Grant scored
one less vote than the usual number because of it. Out of courtesy
Assemblyman Raw of El Dorado paired with the absentee and declined
to cast his vote for Grant when his name was called. They stood 27 to
25 on both ballots with the San Diegan, of course, leading. Just two
ballots were taken and then adjournment. Yesterday the wise ones were
expecting many things to happen when to-day's voting began. The
wavering Grant phalanx was figured on for a stampede to Barnes,
Bard and Bulla, but last night's caucus put a stop to all that, for a
time at least.
Bulla has held on to the four votes he gained yesterday and Barnes
claims that Anderson is his until the end of the fight. Bulla was the
only candidate who graced the chamber with his presence. It has be
come quite the thing of late for Mr. Grant to settle comfortably into
one of those green plush chairs along the wail and beam happily on the
peopfe who are making his fight, but to-day, though he was awaited
with well-bated breath by a coterie of his adherents, he did not trans
pire. Mr. Green didn't come either. He was kept busy down town
hustling a physician's certificate that would head off the contempt pro
ceedings due to follow the ballot and so left his string of votes to take
care of itself.
The balloting was uneventful. It was utterly devoid of incident and
no changes occurred to break the monotony. The result was as fol
lows:
U. S. GRANT JR 27
D. M. BURNS 25
R. N. BULLA 13
W. H. L. BARNES v
IRVING M. SCOTT 2
THOMAS R. BARD 2
M. M. ESTEE •• 1
CHARLES N. FELTON !
JOHN ROSENFELD x
S. M. WHITE 31
person or persons connected with the em
merit or both. The fine not to exceed
$500, or the imprisonment one year.
LADIES MAY BE
ALLOWED TO VOTE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Tan. 20.— At last the women of
the State who have passed the age of 21
are to be given an opportunity to vote, if
the bill Senator Smith of Kern County in
troduced In the Senate this morning be
comes a law.
Senator Smith In his' measure does not
provide that the fair ladies shall have full
suffrage, the same as their husbands,
fathers, brothers and sweethearts. But
he is willing that they should have the
opportunity to vote upon all questions
which the Legislature has power under
the constitution to confer upon them, and
that is in matters appertaining to the
schools.
, That means that the ladies can vote for
members of the School Board in San I
Francisco, Sacramento, Los Angeles an. l
all other cities in the State. They can |
also vote on any matter that is BUbmJttted
to the people affecting the schools of the j
State.
But Senator Smith has inserted a pro-
Vision that the ladies who vote must reg- j
ister the same as male voters. This is
liable to ralsf a storm, for every lady who
registers will be requested to give, under !
oath, personal information which by many j
has been regarded as sacred. She will
have to give her age, and thut fact will
be a matter of public record. This is re
garded by some as a fatal defect.
Provision is also made in the bill for a
separate ballot-box, so that the votes of
females can be there placed and kept
separate and distinct from the male votes, j
DIBBLE'S PATRIOTISM
IN WORKING ORDER!
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- j
MENTO, Jan. 20.— "Any person," reads a j
bill introduced this morning by Assem j
blyman Dibble, "who shall desecrate the
flag of the United States by printing
thereon or attaching thereto any adver
tisement of any nature whate\'er shall be ]
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor."
Mr. Dibble's patriotism was in good
working order this morning. In line with
the above bill, which was referred to the
Judiciary Committee, he introduce* two
others, providing against the desecration
of the United States Senate. It first
provides that any candidate for Senator
who shall advance or give or loan or
promise to do so to any candidate for
the Legislature, whether nominated ot
not, upon the express or implied promise
of the legislator that he wnl cast his
vote for the said Senatorial candidate, Is
guilty of a felony.
The second was a hard rap at Major
McLaughlln, and those of the State Cen
tral Committee who are just now doing
Burns' politics. It provides that it is un
lawful for any member of any commit
tee or association to solicit or demand |
clfl. hm n O / any le^ sla tor for any spe
rt i T f Or i measur c that may be intro
feSator fn"?! makeß Jt ""lawful for any
' hi Jriii vS?« f" Or Brive any Pledge that
His nominating convention his < cd * tO
r, P n« st bi ! l of Dibble's provides no
P™s.,of punishment. It is simply "un
who fU a^ d L ol ly Punishment to those
toon ° isre * + « ls disgrace and a car
toon or so in the current news columns.
AN IMPORTANT BULL
FOR AGRICULTURISTS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.-There was a bill intro
duced in the Assembly this morning by
Radcliff of Santa Cruz, which, if it
passes, will eventuate into greater benefit
to the agricultural interests of this State
than any legislation that has yet gone
into history. On its face it is a simple
proposition to appropriate $25,000 to bo
expended by the Regents of the State
University in causing to be made a com
plete and exhaustive investigation into the
distribution of and variations in the rain
fall of the State and the effect thereof
upon the storage and utilization of flood
waters and upon the well and artesian
supply throughout the State. It is further
provided that from time to time bulletins
of these Investigations shall be published
and furnished free to all who may be
interested.
The ultimate of the Radcliff bill is the
establishment on the Unga Island, In
the Aleutian group, of a station where a
corps of engineers shall be stationed to
keep in close observation the annual de
flections of the Japan stream.
Scientists who have carefully studied
the problem agree that upon these deflec
tions depend the California seasons. If
the Japanese current is running far out
at sea Its waters are cold wh»n they final
ly round onto this coast, and light rains
is the result of the consequent scant
evaporation; if the contrary condition ex
ists California has profuse rains.
At a station on the Island of Unga,
California's winter weather could be as
certained in summer time and every
farmer in the State warned in time wheth
er to buy seed or hang out his sign for
summer boarders. Mr. Radcliff's bill la
in the hands of the ways and means com
mitee.
RESOLUTIONS AND
BILLS INTRODUCED
CWT/L HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Senator Boyce tMs
morning proposed to amend the joint
rules of the Senate and Assembly by pro
viding that no bills other than revenue
bills shall be introduced in either branch
after the fiftieth day of the session. Sen
ator Boyce also desires provision made
in the joint rules that no bill shall be
presented to the Governor for approval
subsequent to the twelfth day preceding
final adjournment, excepting revenue
bills, deficiency bills and bills for claim*
against the State.
By a vote of 9 ayes to 25 noes the Sen
ate refused to adopt Senator Boyce's pro
posed amendments to the joint rules.
The proposition to regulate the width
of wagon tires was sat upon by the Com
mittee on Roads and Highways, and they
reported to thut effect. The same com
mittee reported favorably a bill provid
ing for a free wagon road from Mono
Lake Basin to Tioga road, the same to
be a State road.
Senator Dickinson's bill providing for
LIFE
A life that is one continual worry
because of weakness and puniness
is s-carcely worth the living. But
in this day you need no longer be
depressed if you are worn out or
have your strength depleted. A
puny man's existence is marked by
fear and gloom, by restless nights,
and oft clammy sweats; by a con-
sciousness that he is only half a
man. He has little or no pleasure,
and what he has is less day by
day. It matters not what has
brought on the sad state of affairs
—the follies of early days, or the
abuse, instead of the use of, some
of nature's gifts.
AND
Tet there are men who continue to
live this sort of half life, when they
might be bright and full of fire and
big strength again. "Hudyan" has
restored to no less than 20,000 men
their lost vitality. It does this be-
cause it is nature's own remedy.
It stops all the depletion in a week,
and then nature at once begins to
reassert herself. Write and ask
for absolutely free circulars and
testimonials giving you full infor-
mation as to what it can do and
will do for you. Act to-day. Get
rid of gloom. Be a man again, and
a whole manly man, too. A per-
fect man is an object to
LOVE.
Watch those little ulcers in the mouth
and the falling out of hair. loosening
teeth, too, and any sign of blood taint.
The moment you discover the slightest
sign, write for "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars. Like "Hudyan" testimonials, they
are quite free. The system is perma-
| nently and rapidly cleared of all traces ot
the poison.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
34
ih* inspection of the dairies of the State
was favorably- reported by the Commit
tee on Finance. ' - ; j" • , , 2
Some of the- more important bills intro
duced included the following:. .
Senator Btratton has presented a bill
appropriating f55.000 tor improvements at
the State University. ' * ' '
Senator Sims has introduced a bill lim
iting -he amount of indebtedness a city
under 10,000 inhabitants shall Incur for
public improvements to 10 per cent of its
assessed real estate value.
Senator La Rue introduced a bill pro
viding that inmates of public institutions
dying-ami leaving an estate of less 1 than
$300 and unclaimed after five years, shall
escheat to the State. - - •
Senator La Rue has presented a bill ap
propriating $70,000 for the support of the
ynr.rtvllle Veterans' Home.
Senator Davis ha? introduced a joint
resolution requesting Congress to pass the
bill to create the "executive department
of mines and mining." ,
SENATE COMMITTEE
CLERKS APPOINTED
CAL.L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- J
MENTO, Jan. 20.— Secretary Brandon of
the Senate to-day made the following as-
Bignment of committee clerks which. If
mended Belshaw act passes, will be 1
'subject to change:
Committee on Banks and Banking—
Levy.
Committee on Corporations— Miss G. E.
Matt]
Committee on County Government— J.
L. Ballentlne.
Committee on Election— S. P. Roarers.
Committee on Education— Dlckson. I
Committee on Farming— J. S. Brown.
Committee* on Fish and Game— Nestor
Troutt.
Committee on Hospitals— Fred Hutton.
Committee on Judiciary— M. L. Herrin.
Committee on Labor and Capital— Mrs.
K. Hogv.
Committee on Public Buildings and i
Grounds— L. E. W. Pioda.
Committee on Rivers and Harbors and
Grounds— E. W. McMannis.
Stratton's Election Law Favored.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 20.— The Senate and House
Elections Committee to-night listened to
an argument from Thonraa V. Cator of
Two hours' duration in favor of his pri
mary election law. The committee finally
Cat bill aside by hi? consent
and substituted thai of Senator Stratton.
This I one thut will be reported
with amendmi E ttor Btratton's
bill simplifies the present primary elec
tion law and provides thnt in the future
they shall be h> !d under the auspices of
the State, the Australian ballot system to
b*> used in the various counties, all par
ties t" hold thrir primary on the name
The unnecessary • 1 1 1 < i expensive fea
tures of the present law are stricken out.
The bill will not be reported for several
Prominent Arrivals at the Capital.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— There were a num
ber of arrivals of parties of more or
less prominence to-day, some to partici
pate in the Senatorial fight and some for
other pur pi
Thomas Goes, one of the Police Commis
sioners of Los Angeles, is here to help
Bulla. as is Sheriff John Burr. Lewis
Thorne. secretary of the Sixth District
Agricultural Association. !s here to assist
Angeles candidate for Senator,
and he brought with him a prominent
Southern California Republican in the
• W, V. Jeffries. Ernest Graves,
attorney or" the Southern Pacific Road,
and a resident of San Luis Obispo. is here,
as he says, to watcli the Senatorial fight.
Thomas McCarthy of Pan Francisco, the
Underwriters' Association,
1? here to look after fire insurance legisla
tion.
Knights of Honor at Banquet.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— Secretary of
State Charles P. Curry gave a banquet
last evening 1 at Delmonico's restaurant
In honor of Grand Dictator P. L. Archi
:-:' to the Knights of
Hminr No. 15S0 and Unity Lodge No. 20SS.
Both branches of the order held a joint
meeting and after business had been
transacted an adjournment was made to
the banquet board. Covers were laid for
thirty and a delightful evening was spent.
The grand dictator acted as chairman and
called on Grand Trustee Charles Harland,
Supreme Representative Charles F. Cur
ry and Messrs. Jones, Irvin and O'Neill
for speeches. Addresses were made on
the good of the order and were received
■with f-nthusiasm. Song and story were
enjoyed until a late hour.
Finance and Claims Committee.
''ALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 20.— The Senate Committee
on Finance and Claims, General Dickin
soa chairman, will hold an important ses
sion next Monday evening. Many claims
have been referred to the eomittee and it
is the purpose to give special attention
£ PX ' evening to the National
Guard or military claims.
FAVOR THE
BUILDING OF
BOULEVARDS
Want a Chain Encir
cling the City.
. The efforts or public spirited citizens to
make of San Francisco a city beautiful
are rapidly assuming definite shape. The
proposal to extend the Park Panhandle to
Van Ness avenue has brought with it oth
er proposed improvements which are ex
pecred to add materially to the < ii
tractions.
Mayor Phplan, with Superintendent Mc-
Laren of Golden Gate Park, attended the
meeting of the finance committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday to ad
vance the interests of these matters. Mr.
McLaren Is an enthusiastic advocate of
.the Park extension scheme and of the
benefits to he dt-rived if it be carried to a
Fucrossfui conclusion. Me affirmed it to
he the hm possible improvement for the
city.
He told sadly of the time many years
■ago when the plan was first broached
The property could then have been so
cured for $100,000. It is assessed nn i at
$1,500,000. According to Mr Mr a"r- th
Park is not patronized by the people ex
cept on Sundays, as ii should be his
he said was because of the difficulty
perienced by horsemen, both riders and
drivers, and also by wheelmen, in reach
ing the pleasure ground. If it were more
easy of access all these classes would be
materially increased.
In keeping with this proposed improve
ment are two others aerlouslv cnntemplat.
Ed by the Supervisors. The- most import
ant of these is the extension of lores
*£ re ! F el street, where it would meet
the Panhandle Boulevard, if the latter he
built A committee from the Supervisors
will. In company with Mayor Phelan visit
the place to-day. It will examine the
grades and the surroundings with a view
to future action by the board. This would
give residents of the Mission a pleasant
driveway, with easy grades, to the Park
To complete the chain of boulevards
around the city it is proposed to extend
another Panhandle from Golden Gate
Park northward along Thirteenth avenue
This will connect the big Park with
Mountain Lake Park, near the Marine
Hospital. Mountain Lake Park adjoins
the Presidio, thus making a pleasant
driveway from Van Ness avenue and Pre
sidio Heights. • •
. The necessary legal steps are being tak
en by the city's officers to make possible
these improvements. The various mat
ters must be submitted to a vote ot the
people, and it is thought to have them
all decided at one time. :' • -
For Stealing a Check.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday for
the arrest of H. Roth, a saloon-keeper
on Sutter street anfl Grant avenue, on
the charge of stealing a check for $125
from M. Wolfe, the son of his landlord,
by trick and device. The trouble arose
over the transfer of Roth's lease to an
other man.
RETRENCHMENT
THE WATCHWORD
OF THE BOARD
Supervisors Pruning
Expenses.
NEED CAREFUL FINANCIERING
WOULD FREE THE CITY FROM
UNNECESSARY DEBTS.
I
At Least Hold Them in Abeyance
Until the End of the Fiscal
Year, Which Terminates
in June Next.
The Supervisors are showing a marked
desire to govern the city on as economi
cal a basis as possible and at the same
time not to place In jeopardy the inter
ests of the people. Retrenchment is the
watchword of the board, and the mem
bers are cutting down expenditures wher
ever possible. As an evidence of their
good faith in this matter the finance com
mittee of the board at its weekly meet
ing yesterday determined to Incorporate
the following in its report to the board:
In the matter of certain appropriations for
municipal purposes. It is recommended that
certain sums of money be set aside and not
used, a* the necessity is not apparent for the
expenditure of tniese amounts until the con
dition of the city's funds Is ascertained, and
all obligations are met and provided for. The
following amounts might be held:
Condemnation of land' to extend Twenty
fifth street $12.
Police station (Seventeenth street) 50.000
Steps on Joyce street 1.200
Improvement of Bernal and Holly Parks. 12,500
Grading Van Ness avenue 1.500
' Filtering system. City Hall 6.500
Total $84,000
In keeping with the action of the finance
committee, the health and police com
mittee took action on the proposed Stan
yan street station, which may result in a
saving to the city. -
It was determined to refer the matter
of the lease of the station to City and
County Attorney Franklin K. Lane. This
is an heirloom left on the hands of the
board by its predecessor in office. At
torney Lane will be asked for an opinion
as to the obligations devolving upon Dr.
D. F. Ragan, the lessor, to make repairs
to the building, and particularly as to
the construction to be placed on the
agreement attached to the lease as to
the mutual obligations devolving upon
lessor and lessee. -.- "•■'■•■";■"• _
The Rev. Father Otis and other officers
of St. Mary's Square Association have
not abandoned hope of the city provid
ing the necessary land for the proposed
park on California street. They . hay*
addressed a communication to Chairman
Perrault of the finance committee of the
board, asking that the money originally
appropriated for the park and diverted
from that use be reappropriated. The
communication was filed with the prom
ise that everything possible would be done
in the premises.
Messrs. Kirkpatrick and Atherton. ex
perts employed by the late Grand Jury,
requested the board to pay their claims ,
for services. The request was denied on
the ground that the Grand Jury violated
the law In contracting bills in excess of
its appropriation. The board held thai
the members of the Grand Jury were lia- !
ble for the amounts claimed.
FLIMFLAMMED
DR. HODGEN OF
A SET OF TEETH
Clever But Crooked
Use of a 'Phone.
Dr. J. D. Hodgen, a prominent dentist,
•With a swell Pacific Heights practice, was
most cleverly swindled yesterday by what
appears to be a gang of sharpers. By the
discreet use of the telephone thieves were
enabled to rob tho doctor of a gold plate
valued at about $100.
Last Tuesday the doctor received a tele
phone call from an unknown person, who
inquired when he might make an engage
ment for a sitting, as he wished to have
a gold plate made, and he was anxious
to meet him in person, that the proper
arrangements might be made. The
stranger prefaced his remarks with the
information that he himself was a den
tist, but a stranger in San Francisco,
and had, by some misfortune, lost his
gold plate ornamented with a full set of
upper teeth.
After a little preliminary conversation
on the subject the person inquired if the
doctor had any plates in course of con
struction. The doctor replied that he
was engaged at that moment working on
a gold plate, of which ho was very proud,
and he expected to have the same com
pleted by the end of the week. The man
asked if there would be any objections if
he were to call and have a look at the
doctor's work. The doctor replied that
there could certainly be no objections,
and thai he would be more than pleased
to meet his brother professional and have
a chat on the subject of cuspids and bi
cuspids.
The stranger finally asked if he might
call Friday afternoon about 2 o'clock.
"I replied that this would be a most in
convenient hour," said the doctor, "as I
was due at the dental college at that
particular time to deliver my regular lec
ture, well, it was finally agreed that the
stranger should call as soon as conve
nient.
"Yesterday, shortly after 2 o'clock, when
I was busily engaged at college, Mrs.
Hodgen answered a telephone call. A
voice wished to know if Dr. Hodgen was
at home. My wife replied that 1 was busy
at the college. Upon being asked who
was talking the voice replied: "I am Dr.
Wallace, and 1 am very anxious to see
the gold plate which Is in your husband's
laboratory. If I send my office boy for tt
would you kindly let him bring it* to me,
and 1 will return it within a few mo
ments?" Mrs. Hodgen replied that she
would gladly accommodate one who was
known to her as one of my personal
friends. And that is the last I have seen
of the plate. Dr. Wallace happened to
drop in at my office a few moments after
the mi ssr-nger received the plate and was
turpriped to learn that my wife had been
holding a conversation over the telephone
with my friend, who was at the moment
within half a block of my office, and who
had made no request for any work upon
which I might be engaged. I have been
cleverly tricked by a. new game. The
plate was worth Jl(V>.
"I haven't quite made up my mind what
I will do about it, but one thing I am cer
tain of, and that is that I shall view
with suspicion any stranger wearing a
new set of teeth mounted on an expensive
gold »late. 1 am now wearing a mina
ture gdld brick as a charm on my watch
chain."
Poisoned the Goat.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday In
Judge Treadwell's court for the arrest of
Mrs. Dodge, Fifteenth avenue. South San
Francisco, for exposing and administering
poison to Mrs. Armenia Patterson's goat
It. Creely'B autopsy on the goafs body
clearly revealed the fact that death was
caused by poison. The other goat is still
sick from partaking of the poisoned cab
bage leaves.
THE SATiT FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAKUARY 21, 1899.
EXPLANATION OF
TWO SENATORS
White Will Not Obey the
Legislature.
TO VOTE AGAINST THE TREATY
PERKINS SAYS HE WILL HEED
INSTRUCTIONS.
| However, After Voting He Will
Enter a Protest Against Hold
ing the Philippine
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The Senate
was in session for five hours and a half
to-day, but the session was practically
barren of results. Two notable speeches
■were delivered, one by Nelson of Min
nesota, in opposition to Vest's anti
expansion resolution, and the other by
I White (D.) of California, in a personal
explanation of his position with respect
to the instructions given the California
Senators by the Legislature in that
State as to voting on the pending peace
treaty.
White arose to a question of personal
privilege, relating to the action of the
Legislature of California in instructing
the Senators from that State to vote
for the ratification of the peace treaty.
He read the legislative resolutions and
also the letter of his Republican col
league, Perkins, asking for an instruc
tion, calling- attention to the fact that
the Legislature was Republican as was
Perkins. The question was, he said,
whether as a Senator he was to vote
his own convictions, or to comply with
this request and vote in accordance
with the opinion of others.
White went on to say that he had
not joined with Perkins in his request
for instructions from the Legislature,
and therefore did not consider himself
bound by the instructions given to him
self as well as his colleague. His col
league, in his letter, had given strong
and cogent reasons for refusing to
ratify the treaty, and he was sorry that
Perkins was not at liberty to join with
him in voting the sentiment so well ex
pressed by him. He did not mean to
minimize the Importance of public sen
timent, and confessed that he always
took it into consideration in deciding
upon a course of action, but he was not
in the habit of actually voting upon it
until he had weighed all questions in
his own mind.
United States Senators were, In a
certain sense, agents of the State ihey
I resented, but this did not mean that
they were to shift in position with every
turn of the tide. The State Legislature
had no right to instruct him in mattera
involving the exercise of his conscience
or his convictions. If so, a Senator
elected as a Republican would naturally
be expected to become a Democrat if
the next Legislature should chance to
be on that side.
In conclusion White said: "I would
be glad to meet the desire of the Legis
lature of California if it were possible
for me to do so without loss of self
respect and a sacrifice of all my
opinions."
As soon as White had concluded his
Republican colleague, Perkins, ad
dressed the Senate. He paid a high trib
ute to the honesty, energy and ability
of White, but notwithstanding his able
argument he believed this to be a truly
representative Government. So be
lieving he- felt that his obligation was
to the people of his State and that
when he had ascertained what their
desires were he would be false to him
self and to them If he did not heed
their wishes.
"I am opposed," said he, "to the pol
icy of acquiring the Philippine Islands,
believing such a policy to be a menace
to our Government and its institutions,
but nine-tenths of the people of my
State, as their wishes are expressed
through a Legislature recently elected,
think otherwise. While I shall vote
for the pending treaty, it will be under
protest. I shall do so because I regard
such action to be my duty. I shall vote
for the treaty, however, Mr. President,
fully believing it does not represent
good policy, Wit after we have taken in
those islands I will join with my col
league and my friend from Massa
chusetts (Mr. Hoar) to give them the
best possible care and government."
At the conclusion of the epeeches the
Senate resumed consideration of the
Nicaragua canal bill. Its completion
was prevented probably by the fillbus
t.-ring tactics adopted by Tillmnn (D.)
df South Carolina, who frantically an
nounced the bill could not pass to-day
as he and other Senators, if necessary,
would remain in the chamber until
midnight to prevent a final vote.
PAYNE SUCCEEDS THE
LATE NELSON DINGLEY
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The proceed
ings in the House were enlivened to-day
in a wordy debate between Grosvenor of
Ohio and Lewi?, thp picturesque member
from Washington. During the discussion
on a private bill to refer to the Court of
Claims the claim of Cramp & Sons, the
Philadelphia ship builders, for damages
from the Government for delays incident
to the building of the warships New
York. Massachusetts. Indiana and Colum
bia, due to the failure of the Government
to deliver armor plate and other mate
rials for these ships on time, Lewis got
the floor.
I^ewis made the bill the text for a gen
eral attack on army and navy contrac
tors, whom he charged with being traitors
for taking advantage of the necessities
of th<- Government in time of stress.
Simpson, the Kansas Populist, followed
along the name lines, and Grosvenor un
dertook to rebuke them both. Lewis, in
his reply, made one of the wittiest
speeches, ridiculing the Ohioan for his al
leged pretensions, that has been heard in
the House for months. Grosvenor did not
deign to make an extensive rejoinder,
though he displayed a lot of documents
and intimated that he had plenty of re
serve ammunition in store for Lewis. The
Cramp bill was edged out of the way
after the flow of oratory ceased.
Earlier in the day the postoffice appro
priation bill was finally passed, and just
before the recess in the afternoon Speaker
Reed put an end to the speculation re
garding the chairmanship of the Ways
and Means Committee by appointing
Payne (R.) of New York to the vacancy
caused by the death of Dingley. This
carries with it the floor leadership of the
majority. At the same time he filled the
vacancies in the minority representation
on the Ways and Means and Rules caused
by the- retirement of McMillan by ap
pointing Richardson of Tennessee to both
places. Crunapaoker of Indiana was ap
pointed on Census. An arrangement was
made for the consideration of the army
reorganization bill, beginning next Tues
day. Fifteen hours are to be allowed for
general debate, exclusive of night ses
sions Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday
nights. A night session was held to
night for pension legislation, and the
House then adjourned over until Monday.
Woodland Physician Dies.
WOODLAND, Jan. 20.— Dr. Anderson
Strong, an old and respected resident of
Woodland, died at an early hour this
morning. He had been in feeble health
for a long time.
SAYS FIFTY DOLLARS
BOUGHT A LEGISLATOR
Bribery Charge Preferred by a
Carson Newspaper Against
Assemblyman Leidy.
KHo+o4O+o4o4o+o+O+o 4 CHOO-fO+O+O4O>O4OKS ♦ ©> O ♦ O ♦ O <
CARSON, New, Jan. 20. Carson is about to rival Sacramento as a
place of Senatorial scandal. • This evening the News, the . Newlands or
gan, came out with the accusation that Assemblyman Leidy from Es
meralda County had been bought by Wallace to vote for Stewart. The
paper charges that Leidy has received $50 in cash and the promise of a
lucrative position in the Southern Pacific office at San Francisco. Leidy
departed for San Francisco on Thursday night, in company with Harry
Flannery, the Assembly having adjourned until Monday morning.
The Stewartites are drumming up counter charges and claim that
James Yerrington, son of H. M. Yerrington, superintendent of the Vir
ginia City and Truckee Railroad, unduly influenced Leidy last Sunday
night, rendering him unconscious with liquor, and that Leidy was found
in one of the dives of the back streets. \ . . .-V
This is the beginning of a bitter fight, and will result in more mud
slinging and scandal than Nevada has had in many a day. The Stewart
people have been holding out a number of charges against Newlands. and
they will now be uncovered and the press will reek with Senatorial
slime. The two houses of the Legislature have adjourned until Monday,
when an investigation probably will be held. This may block the Sena
torial vote, which should come up on Tuesday.
THE PAUL JONES
WAS BLOWN UP
Fate of the Launch at
Last Learned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOBILE, Ala., Jan. 20.— The Govern
ment steamer Panay touched at Biloxi,
Miss., this afternoon and reported hav
ing found on Breton Island a part of
the stern of the naphtha launch Paul
Jones, also a yawl boat with bow
smashed and other small articles from
the launch. The condition of the
wreckage tends to show that the
naphtha tank blew up and tore the
boat to pieces. The Panay met the
Maud, with Messrs. Jones and Taggart
on board. The latter visited the wreck
age and identified it as part of the Paul
Jones. No bodies were found. The
launch had the following pleasure
seekers on board:
JOSEPH BRINKMAN, Louisville.
MISS FLORENCE TAGGART,
daughter of Mayor Taggart of Indian
apolis.
MISS MARGERIE WOODLAND,
daughter of George Woodland, vice
president of the Prairie State Bank,
Chicago.
COLONEL HARRi" C. YOCUM, St.
Louis.
MISS FLORENCE TOCUM, his
daughter.
The crew consisted of three men,
whose names are unknown. The
launch, which was owned by Lawrence
Jones, a Louisville distiller, was loaned
by him to Mr. Yocum.
,Njews. confirming the loss of the little
craft has been brought by oyster fish
ermen, who have known it for more,
than a week. The launch exploded,
they say, on or about January 6 near
Bird Island, and everything goes to
show that all on board were killed at
once or drowned afterward.
The men who brought this definite
news are engaged in the oyster fisheries
off the East Louisiana coast. Last Fri
day they visited Bird Island and found
the craft ashore near the island. The
hull had been split in half by an inter
nal explosion. The men boarded the
yacht and explored her cabin, break
ing open the trunks and taking from
them a lot of fine feminine apparel and
keys and whatever other property they
discovered on board.
Although their discovery occurred a
week ago, they did not come to Venice,
the nearest settlement, until to-day,
when they had to do so to lay in a sup
ply of provisions. In Venice they turn
ed the keys over to a storekeeper, by
whom these facts were made known.
The keys bear a tag inscribed
"Fletcher & Co., Indianapolis." The
clothing taken from the trunk by the
men is that of Miss Taggart.
No bodies were seen by the men on
or near by Bird Island, but there is no
hope of any one having escaned from
the wreck. The Paul Jones had two
boats. One. badly staved in, was pick
ed up by the Marie Louise of Mobile.
The other, with "Paul Jones" painted
on her, was found by the Pansy of
Biloxi.
The three relief expeditions ought to
reach Bird Island to-morrow. Two go
from New Orleans and one from Mo
bile. Bird Island is merely a sandy reef
covered by coarse sea grass.
RIVER AND HARBOf
BILL APPROPRIATIONS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The river and
harbor bill was completed to-night. It
carries appropriations for the ensuing fis
cal year aggregating $12,503,138. and in ad
dition to this continuing contracts are
authorized aggregating $16,791,53*. Other
conditional appropriations, contingent
upon securing certain results, amount to
$770,000. but the payments on these prob
ably would be postponed beyond the ensu
ing year. The measure includes the fol
lowing appropriations above $50,000:
California— San Piego harbor. $50,000;
San Luis Obispo harbor, $50,000; San Fran
cisco harbor, removing Arch and Shag
rooks. $100,000, and continuing contract,
$638,630; Sacramento River below city,
$30 000, and continuing contract, $184,000.
Washington— Everett harbor, $50,000.
Oregon— Lower Willamette and Colum
bia rivers below Portland, $100,000. The
sum of $200,000 is allowed for surveys, etc.
»wo existing appropriations are re
pealed, both in Oregon, namely Yaquina
Bay. $1,000,000. nnd the balance unexpend
ed on the Columbia River at Three-mile
Rapids and Boat Railway from the
Dalles Rapids to Cedar Falls.
VANDERBILT T0~ WED
MISS FAIR IN JUNE!
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— The Sun says:
Some of the arrangements for the mar
riage of William K. Vanderbllt Jr. and
Miss Virginia Fair have been completed.
The wedding will be celebrated during
June at the Newport cottage of Miss
Fair's sister, Mrs. Herman Oelrlchs. The
exact date has not been decided. Miss
Fair attends St. Mary's Roman Catholic
Church when at Newport. As Mr. Van
derbllt is an Episcopalian, it has been de
cided to have a home ceremony.
SUNSET LIMITED WRECKED.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Jan. 20.— The
westbound Sunset limited passenger train
ran into a light engine which was stand
on the siding at Lacoste, thirty miles weal
of San Antonio, this morning shortly af
ter 3 o'clock. Fireman Miller was killed
and Engineer Xicholason of the light en
gine was so badly scalded that he died
within two hours. Two other men were
hurt, but not seriously. Both engines
were demolished and the mall, express
and baggage cars were knocked from
their trucks. The engine which was stand
ing on the siding exploded from the
chock.
McKENZIE OUT
ON HEAVY BAIL
Napa's Murder Suspects
Arraigned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 20.— Jesse Walters and
ex-Sheriff McKenzie were arraigned be
fore Justice of the Peace William Brad
ford this afternoon on the charge of
murder in the first degree in having
killed Alfred Cook on January 5 in the
stable of McKenzie. No application for
bail was made in the case of Walters,
but on the motion of Attorney H. M.
Barstow, McKenzie was admitted to
bail in the sum of $25,000, with the con
dition that he report twice a day to
the Sheriff.
Walters was the first to appear in
court. He hobbled on crutches over the
block from the jail to the courtroom.
The latter was packed with an intensely
interested audience. After the Justice
read the complaint to the accused he
was informed of his right to engage
counsel and to have subpenaed such
witnesses as he desired. His prelimin
ary examination was set for 10 a. m.
on Thursday, January 26.
After the same formalities had been
proceeded with in the case of McKen
zie his hearing was set for 10 a. m. on
Friday, January 27.
Attorney Barstow then made a mo
tion to admit the ex-Sheriff to bail. He
stated that Mrs. McKenzie was very
seriously ill and that in the opinion of
her attending physician the presence of
her husband would largely tend towai-d
an amelioration of her condition and
a prolongation of her life.
Dr. S. E. Chapman was sworn and
testified that he was Mrs.*MeKenzie"s
physician; that she was in a very pre
carious condition, and that he thought
the presence of McKenzie would be of
great benefit to her. One of her lungs,
he said, was nearly if not quite in the
second stage of consumption, and a
hemorrhage might cause her sudden
death at any time.
District Attorney Bell was favorably
inclined to the proposition, he said
simply on account of Mrs. McKenzie,
but not out of any consideration for
the plaintiff. He thought the amount
of. bail should be fixed at $50,000, and
that the defendant should report to the
Sheriff at least once a day.
Barstow objected to the amount of
the bail and suggested that slo,ooo ought
to be sufficient, with a condition that
McKenzie report to the Sheriff twice
daily. Bell held out for the original
amount, but after Attorney Beer
stecher, one of the attorneys for the de
fense, raised the sum to $25,000, with
the proviso that McKenzie was to show
up at the office of Sheriff Dunlap twice
a day, he made no further objection
and Judge Bradford fixed the bail at
$35,000.
Walters' appearance showed no ef
fects of his confinement, and his de
meanor was free and unconcerned.
McKenzie was in marked contrast to
his alleged confederate in crime. His
face bore the pallid look that usually
comes only after long and close con
finement away from the sun, and his
manner was nervous and constrained.
There was placed on file this after
noon in the Recorder's office a bill of
sale transferring: the Railroad stable*
from George S. McKenzie to John
Ewen for the consideration of $500. The
property had previously been mort
gaged to Ewen for $l,"> 00. It is under
stood that this sale was made in order
to raise money for MoKenzie's defense.
PACIFIC COAST PENSIONS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.-Penslons have
been grained as follows: California—
Original— Charles M. Steinberger. San
Francisco, $S; Ezra\E. Workman, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; Charles IT. Burr,
San Francisco, $6; W. T. Hanford, San
Francisco. $6; Adam Theyson. San Lean
dro, $6; Thomas Ryan, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6. Special, Jan. 10— William
A. Harrington. San Bernardino, $5. In
crease—James B. Johnston, Los Angeles,
?8 to $1:2. Original, widows, etc.— Special
January 10— Catharine McCarty. Tustin,
$12; Marie M. Wright, Lob Gatos. $8;
Louisa M. Oliver. Ensonada. Lower Cali
fornia. Mexico (via San Diego). $8. Mexi
can War survivors, increase— John Posey
Mathews. Georgetown, $12. Spanish War
survivors— Marshall N. Bird, Lorin, $72.
Reissue — Francis L. Moore, Los Ange
les, $6.
Washington: Original— Joseph Black,
Mabton, $8; William L. Davalt, Kelso. $8;
Artherton H. Furnam. Aberdeen, $6;
Lewis Hiatt. New Whatcom. $6. Original,
widows, etc.— Caroline M. Bruce, Camas,
$8. Mrxioan War survivors: Increase—
$8. Mexican War survivors. increase-
George W. Crawford, La Center, $S to $12.
Oregon: Original— De Witt H. Jones,
Portland, $8; John B. Stlllwell,. Dayton,
$6; William Barrett, Stilem, $12; Mary
Orr, Portland, $15.
May Have Swallowed a Centiped.
STOCKTON. Jan. 20.— Gertrude, the 14-
year-old daughter of Daniel Brown, who
was formerly a San Francisco police of
ficer, is unconscious and at the point of
death from what a physician says is
mushroom poisoning. Her parents be
lievo her illness was caused by eating a
raw mushroom, the stem of which con
tained a centlpod. The latter theory
seems more probable, ap the rest of the
family ate of the mushrooms and suf
fered no ill effects.
' To Muster Out Naval Officers.
VALLEJO, Jan. 20.— Orders have been
Issued to a number of additional second
lieutenants of the Marine Corps appoint
ed for the war, to proceed to their
homes preliminary to being mustered out.
Forty-three of these officers will be mus
tered out. as the act under which they
were appointed does not permit their re
tention after peace. The Marine Corps
is greatly in need of officers, and none of
these additional officers can well be
spared.
HEZ McEWEN MAY
BE ARRESTED AS
AN ACCOMPLICE
SUISUN, Jan. 20.— Sheriff Savage is
seriously ill with pneumonia at his
home in Vallejo and will be unable to
attend the preliminary examination of
the three prisoners in the Solano Coun
ty Jail, charged with the murder of
Dan Wilson, which is scheduled to be
gin at the Courthouse in Fairfield next
Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock. The
Sheriff is in a critical condition and
his physicians have issued orders that
no one but the immediate members of
his family and those in attendance upon
him shall be admitted to his room. It
was generally presumed that in the
event of the Sheriff b^ing unable to be
present at the hearing the District At
torney would ask for a erintinuano?, as
there are certain phases of the case
and certain evidence with which Sheriff
Savage alone is familiar; but District
Attorney Devlin says there will be no
postponement — the examination will be
held at the time announced regardless
of the Sheriff's attendance or non-at
tendance.
Under Sheriff Robinson went to Val
lejo last night and succeeded In gaining
a brief interview with his chief. The
Sheriff was suffering with delirium, but
during lucid intervals he sought to im
press his subordinate with the import
ance of a certain witness, whom he
named. His conversation was so in
coherent, however, that the Under
Sheriff was unable to gather the full
import, and could not make out the
name of the witness whose testimony
the Sheriff seemed so anxious to ob
tain.
The District Attorney, accompanied
CHAMPION STAKE
FOR SENATOR P
Bakersfield Field Trials
Finished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 20.— The event of
to-day at the field trials was the cham
pion stakes, which closed the sixteenth
annual meet of the Pacific Coast Field
Trial Club. This meet is considered by
members on the ground to have been one
of the most successful ever held. The at
tendance has been fully equal to that of
any past season.
Only four dogs were entered in the
champion stake. They were drawn as fol
lows: Sam's Bow with Alec C; Senator P
with Cuba of Kenwood. The conditions of
the stake were that each brace was to be
down two hours. This severe test was
made in order to try the endurance of the
dogs.
Sam's Bow from the Stockdale kennels
and Lucas' Alec C were the first brace of
dogs. They went away with a rush. Birds
were soon flushed and followed. Sam's
Bow scored the first point on a single,
and soon repeated Alec backing in fine
style. Alec then made a point at long
_ ;' ■ • ADVERTISEMENTS. :, •; • :
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Electricity or WnL; £<(s§&' 1 - >n STl 'eanj''g
medicine when i«V v -■=*"'"' Y^* 1 X combined Elec-
used alone often \v W \ ■■■ ft ■ tro-M c.d Ie a 1
fails. \j m Crt^/ M ■ treatment never
DOCTOR SWEATS
COMBINED TREATMENT
-|)F THE GREAT CURATIVE PO\VT|R^^
If you ; want quick results and cure without delay or failure apply to Dr.
Sweany's offices and get the combined benefit of both medical and elec- '
trical treatment and be assured that by this combined treatment, as ad-
ministered by ; the direction of this capable specialist, you will obtain im-
mediate results more reaching in its effects, quicker, more satisfactory and
permanent cures. ....
If you cannot call at Dr. Sweany's offices for treatment, send at once foi
his ELECTRO-MEDICAL BELT. The first and only combined electro-
medical belt ever made. . It is the product of this competent and ever pro-
gressive specialist, who stands far ahead of any in the matter of scientific"
skillful and . successful methods of treating and curing the sick and suffer-
ing.. The belt will give you the benefit at once of both electricity and med-
ication. This belt has a patent regulator, so that you can regulate the cur-
rent, making it strong or weak as the case may require. It has al*n an
improved scrota-l electrode which will carry as. much current into and-
through the sexual organs as can be tolerated. ana
THIS TREATMENT CURES
LOST MANHOOD EH'SSSSI
body and brain, unfitting one for study, business and marriage treated Sh
never-failing success. Get cured and be a man. " ? 7. 7 Ol seated with
DIIDTMDC CU J ed ' by V llB new method . without knife, truss- at detPnt^n
RUPTURE SS sSH
treated with unfailing sucoa B. tenderness of the gland*
BLOOD AND SKIN S"s,"Si'» rrs
ever. cure* pronely. Iwlvf^^?^ h£nh?u7 CaUSe ""*"-
KIDNEY AND URINARY, SSsS^a^-iffia
quency of; Bright's disease and all diseases 'of' bladder^f mTwxS 8 ' **>.
'■ ■■ ■■ • ■■- •■ ■ .:•... ■".'."■■■■ •■•■•..■ ■■ i •;;;
PDh/ATSI iseapes vßleet, gonorrhoea, syphilis, hydrocele varicoceie ten
PRIVATE BsSSS£^
WRITE sHS""----™"---
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
by the Under Sheriff, drove out to the
Wilson ranch this afternoon to go over
the ground and familiarize himself with
the lay of the land. The two made a
careful inspection of the premises, not
ing particularly the spot where the as
sassin is presumed to have stood when
he fired the shot that cut short the
life of the aged rancher on the October
night more than two years ago. They
also paid an unannounced Visit to Hez
McEwen and demanded the old muzzle
loading shotgun belonging to him,
which is believed to have been used
by the murderer. McEwen flew into a
rage, but ended by delivering up the
weapon. He professed to be unable to
understand why the officers should
want the gun, but he was given no ex
planation, lie probably will learn why
when the old fowling piece is introduced
in evidence on Tuesday. McEwen prom
ised to be on hand to testify at the
hearing, but protested again and again,
that he had nothing to tell and his tes
timony could throw no light on the
case.
Mrs. Dickinson is very solicitlous
about McEwen, and when she learned
that Under Sheriff Robinson had been
out to the ranch she was very restless
and uneasy until she had seen the of
ficer and satisfied herself that the roan
with whom she had lived on terms of
intimacy for eleven years had made no
damaging disclosures.
The three prisoners passed a very
quiet day. They had recovered their
composure to a large degree, and, al
though each of them showed signs .of
nervousness, they were .by no means
as excitable and panicky as yesterday.
distance, but no bird raised. Alec repeat
ed the performance, followed by a pMnt
by Sam on bunch feathers.
After a few more points Alec ran
through the bevy, flushing it. Sam also
made several flushes which were inex
cusable.
J. \V. Flynn's fine pointer dog Senator
P with Stockpile's Cuba of Kenwood
were put down at 11:58. The Senator soon
scored a point. A large uevy of birds was
then driven out of heavy cover by horse
men and scattered over the ground in the
open. Cuba made an attempt to chase
them, but after being punished by Dodge
settled down to work and pointed the
bevy. Senator also came to a point on a
bevy about the same time.
Two bevies of birds were now running
on the plain ground only a short distance
apart. The dogs worked carefully and
stealthily, following the birds at a re
spectful distance, making the most beau
tiful and interesting sight of the
trials. The birds were flushed to timber.
Cuba scored another point on a single.
The Senator pointed another bevy, which
he handled well. The Senator had by this
time settled down to business, and lost his
unsteadiness of the parly part of the trial.
He scored point after point, while Cuba
failed to locate. The Senator showed fine
speed and ranged well until time was up.
After luncheon Sam's Bow and Cuba
were cast off to run for second place.
Cuba showed a fine nose, and did some
rapid point work, while Sam, which was
directly opposite, would do nothing but
back. The race was closed by Cuba mak
ing a beautiful point on two birds in a
tree.
First prize was awarded by the judges
to Senator P, and second prize to Cuba of
Kenwood.
President Keller then made a speech
thanking the spectators for the consid
eration shown. Mr. Tevis for many fa
vors, and the handlers for their good work
and gentlemanly behavior, after which lie
declared the trials finished, inviting all
present to again assemble in January,
1900.JOINT NOTE
TO BE SENT
TO GERMANY
In the Samoan Affair Eng
land Acts With
America.
GERMANY WILL WEAKEN.
BERLIN. Jan. 20.— The news from Samoa has caused considerable
I here. The matter is occupying the most careful attention
eminent. I am able to tell you the broad lines of Its main
Et is that Germany is firmly resolved, in the solution of the
matter, to adhere strictly t<i the terms of the treaty of Berlin. Should
found that the German Consul deviated from the provisions of
that treaty he will be disowned: if not, he will be supported. The
I DOt posses? sufficient details to enable it to form a
ent, but tw.' questions have come up already: "Why was the will
f thr majority opposed? Why were the courts of justice closed?
A diplomatic personage, speaking on the subject this evening, said:
"According to my idea, the question of Samoa is not one that can
lead to serious consequences.
A German In high position said: "It looks as if though the Con
d the difficulty of the situation, lost their heads. The matter
v Ul be arranged."
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— Washine
• t'cin correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Germany is to be called to
account for the interference of her rep
resentatives in the Samoan question
•and the violation of the provisions of
the tripartite treaty under which th-?
. South Sea Islands are governed.
As a result of the Cabinet meetinc to
day, and of communications ex
• changed by Secretary Hay and Sir
Julian Pauncefote. there is every rea
'eon to b«?li"ve that joint representation
■will be made to the German Foreien
Office by the American and British Em
bassadors in Berlin. While officials are
chary of discussing the character of the
note to be submitted, it is generally
understood that it will be alone the
' line of the discussion precipitated at
the Cabinet meeting by dispatches laid
before it by Secretary Hay — that the
tripartite treaty has been grossly vio
lated by the action of the man Con
sul and the former president of the
municipal council of Apia; that they
. have interfered in the election of a suc
cessor to the late Malietoa in an illegal
manner; that the usefulness of the Ger
man Consul in Apia has ended, and
that it is to the interest of Germany, as
■well as of other powers signatory to the
Berlin act. to not only disavow the
actions of the Consul and of the former
i president of the municipal council, but
to withdraw them at once from the
' islands.
It Is not doubted that, confronted by
' Great Britain and the United States.
;. Germany will promptly comply with
"..all of the demands to be presented. It
.was stated by a Cabinet officer that the
■ 'dispatches are rather misty, but no ap
prehension is felt, now bat the United
States and Great Britain are naovhii;
together, that any trouble with Ger
many will result.
:• • .Consul General -lorn has been noti
fied that orders have b^en given to the
Philadelphia to proceed to Samoa, and
the announcement of this action on the
part of the Washington Government
will doubtless be influential in prevent
ing any further German moves in the
jame in progress at Apia and will fur
thermore show the natives that this
Government proposes to see that the
.= terms of tn<? treaty are carried out.
This Government will sustain the de
. r ision "f the Chief Justice and place
■ Malietoa Tanus on the throne unless
the decision, when considered, should
.be manifestly ■-■■'.. in which case ne
gotiations will be begun for another
• elation.
.It is believed in well informed circles j
that one of the results of the present |
"rnmnlifatinn will hp the revision of the '
CHEMICALS IN
THE ARMY BEEF
Surgeon Daly Sticks to
.;. Charges.
Sp«cla4 Disratch to The Call.
:• WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Major W.
.•■ H. Daly, chief surgeon with General
"•Miles, whose field service stretched
• from Tampa to Porto Rico, and whose
';.- re-port condemning the beef furnished
■ the .expeditionary forces created a sen
vjsation some weeks ago. made his long-
; 7 .a waited appearance as a witness be
.-fore the War Investigating Commission
-.•to-day. Surgeon Daly's report was the
"strongest in language of those submit
•l'ted' by General Miles in substantiation
fq'i his attack on the beef supplies. He
/has been too ill to appear heretofore.
\ He was accompanied by General Miles'
• own stenographer, despite the presence
". of the commission's stenographer.
- On being sworn the witness identified
Xhf report submitted as his own. chang
ing its date, however, from September
• 31 to October SI. He was willing, he
•said, to stand by his report. It was
• ; \vholly voluntary and was not called
out by any request or in obedience to
\anv circular or letter, so far as he re
•./rhembered.
Dr. Daly paid he should say the at
tempt to preserve the beef by chemicals
.was not a success. That had been his
experience on the transport Panama In
• the beef carried by which ship he was
• "pretty sure chemicals were involved."
That beet, he said, was very foul. Most
' of the beef which the Panama carried
■ was refrigerated. They had secured a.
.ton of beef and for this they at first
had one and one-half tons of ice. later
increased to eleven and a half tons of
ice. The beef, however, had a decidedly
peculiar "dor.
. "At Ponce," he went "iv to say. "I
observed the refrigerated beef taken
from the transports. It had a peculiar
: odor. I observed the examination of
spoiled beef on one of the transports.
It was done by a butcher down in the
hold. He thrust his arm in every di
rection into the putrid meat, trying to
.find a solid piece. This meat had the
eamf, peculiar odor." He added that
the transport Panama's beef warranted
his report that its od«r was like that
of a dead human injected with preserv
. atives. He aleo depicted the strong
odor about the transport Chester.
General Beaver asked if the witness
did not think his examination purely
superficial and without any substantial
knowledge.
"lio, I would not like to say that,"
treaty of Berlin, possibly its abroga- '
tfon, 'and the division of the islands j
among the three powers.
Secretary Long will prepare instruc- ,
tions to Commodore Kautz which will
govern his conduct in Samoa. He will
be required to protect American inter
eats in the islands and to confer with
the American Consul General relative
to the execution of the terms of the
Berlin act. Commodore Kautz wired t"
the department that his vessel needed j
docking, but the Secretary has decided '
that the vessel need not have her bot- ,
torn cleaned at this time and she will j
start for Apia probably on Wednesday !
next.
WELLINGTON. N. Z.. Jan. 20— The
British third-class cruiser Tauranga i
has started for Samoa.
THE PHILADELPHIA
WILL BE RUSHED
CORONADO, Jan. 20.— Commodore
Kautz. L". S. N., in reply to a Question
to-night said he had received a tele- ,
gram from the Navy Department ask- ;
Ing him how soon the Philadelphia j
be made ready to sail for Samoa. !
He went over the situation with Can- j
tain White, commanding the flagship, j
on the question of stores and coaL and
wired back that he could be fully
equipped by next Thursday.
Immediately afterward an order was !
given to a local dealer to have thirty !
barrels of beef on board th<? Philadel- i
phia within twenty-four hours. Other !
supplies will be rushed on board and j
possibly certain stores obtained by rail i
from San Francisco. There Is Dl>~r.tv
of coal here, which will find its way
Into the Philadelphia's Dunlcirs in short
■"I called the attention of the depart- '
ment to the foul condition of the ship's'
bottom." said the commodore, "and
suggested that the vessel should be ;
drydocked, but the department seems
to regard the Samoa' incident of more
Importance, and I therefore exoect to
sail from here direct for Apia. We are '.
under Instructions to await the arrival
of a chief engineer to succeed our pres
ent officer, who is to be relieved on ac
count of sickness. Unless otherwise
ordered we shall wait for him. He ■■
?h raid arrive within a couple of days
after we are ready to sail."
BAUSALJTO. Jar,. 20.— Mr. McMorris.
chief engineer of the United Stages
steamship Albatross, has been trans
ferred to the United States cruiser Phil
adelphia. He took his departure from
the Albatross this morning and will
join the Philadelphia at San Diego.
witness replied. He believed the beef
on the Panama had come from the
transport Manitoba. On the Panama, i
coming over from Ponce, he had made '
tea. or soup, from the refrigerated
beef, the same that had been con
demaed. had filtered it and sealed it
hermetically in a can and when he
reached his home at Pittsburg had ana
lyzed it. From this he got a lightish
brown residuum. This, he said, dis
closed the characteristics of borax and
salicylic acid.
Dr. Daly urged that he be permitted
to demonstrate the test. Dr. Connor
objected, insisting that he leave the
powder the witness brought as th^ resi- ■
duum of this beef with the commission
to be examined by a Government
chemist.
Witness pleaded not to have the mat- !
ter taken out of his hands, but ■ com- j
promise was effected by deciding that
Dr. Daly be present with the official i
chemist, and it was arranged to have
Professor Clarke of the Geological Sur- ■
vey here examine the powder.
At the afternoon session Dr. Daly on- i
derwent a rather severe cross-examma- <
tion, especially on the subject of the !
date on which he had reported as to his '
suspicions in regard to the beef andwhv
he had not reported sooner. Dr. Daly '
sail he had never discussed with any I
officer the subject ol bad beef. In
stead of commenting on such matters '
ho had rather attempted to allay dis- !
i 'ntent with the meat. While at Chi•k
amauga he had found meat which -~iv- I
peared to have been treated as mdi- I
cated in his report.
At Jacksonville he had insDected j
meat which, while of good appearance.
had "an unmistakable odor," The cooka
said that much seasoning was i
r--iuired to overcome th? unpalatable-!
- (th >ked meat.
In regard to his report on the ques- I
tion >A tho meat furnished the army.
Dr. Daly was asked whether it had
been forwarded from army headquar
ten to any person interested. H- 1 r* 1
: that in his opinion the maior
-rai of the army was the person ;nost
likely to be interested.
Dr. Daly was at Tampa about the
30th of May. His suspicions in regard
to the beef, he said. w»re aroused
about th^ 17th of June. He reported
this fact in August.
Mr. Denby asked where, in his opin
ion, an officer had performed his duty
when, knowing that the beef supplied
the army was detrimental to health,
he had concealed that fact and had not
reported for many we^ks.
Dr. Daly replied that he had re
•! upon tho facts in a regular way
and after mature deliberation. He
coold not. he said, "howl about it to
every <>ne he met."
Mr. Denby, still following up this
line of interrogator}', asked whether he
would have treated a patient as he had
treated the soldiers of the army.
"You are on trial now. doctor," ron
tinoed Mr. Denby, "on trial before the
oiuntry."
To this the witness protested vigor
ously that he was not upon trial, and
that the country would never put him
on trial.
THE RA3B FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
OVERBOARD TO
FEARFUL DEATH
Tragic Suicide of Charles
Burke.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Jan. 13. — Charles
Burke of San Francisco committed sui
cide on the morning of the Tth inst. by-
Jumping from the deck of an island
steamer into the sea. The vessel was
off the coast of Hawaii at the time. The
body was not recovered. Undoubt
edly Burke was insane when he took
his life. The young man recently ar
rived at Hilo on the bark Amy Turner.
After spending a few days in that town
he left for Honolulu on the steamer
Claudine. On the trip down he devel
oped symptoms of insanity. A watch
was kept on Burkes movements, but
without success. He broke away from
■ an officer of the ship and jumped over
board. Not a sign of the man could be
found anywhere. He was undoubtedly
eaten by sharks soon after sinking.
Before he jumped overboard Burke
told A. Kichley. a passenger, that he
had been in the employ of the Pacific
Paving Company of San Francisco,
where, after seven years of service, he
was accused of being a defaulter, of
being short in his accounts $7000. This
i Burke denied. He claimed that he had
I taken money, but that the money was
i his by right, wages for the long ser
vice. He then asked Richley if he
would take charge of his money. The
! Honolulu man consented to do so.
i Burke turned over to him a check of
! |1000 drawn by Louis T. Grant on
; Bishop & Co., payable to R. T. For
! rest. Both of these are Hilo parties.
\ Bur'K-* also turned over STS in gold, $6
lin silver and two rings, one set with
diamonds and rubies and the other a
1 plain gold band. He said he had given
t<> a man in Hilo named McDon
i aid, and asked Richley to collect and,
' hold the same. At this juncture Sec
' ond Mate Wolters came down the deck
; and Burke ran for the railing. His last
| words were, "Give the money to mother
1 in San Francisco."
A big military instruction camp on
the uplands above Honolulu is the lat
| est proposal by the military authorities,
! and correspondence with the War De
] partment is now under way. The idea
is to have a permanent camp to ac
: commidate at least 12,000 men, and to oc
cupy as much space as possible for car
: rying out extensive maneuvers. In fact.
| to have as ideal a drilling ground as is
I possible.
Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco
i is expected to visit the Hawaiian Is
j lands some time this month.
i — — — ■ ■ —
DESTITUTION AND
DISEASE IN DAWSON
BIT SAM "W. WALL.
DAWSO-n Dec. 11. via Seattle,
Jan. 20. — A new Gold Commis
sioner arrived in Dawson on the
6th, and the news spread over
the entire district with great
rapidity as an event to be cele
brated. The administration of the
Gold Commissioner's office has been
open to much criticism, which it has
received without stint, since the very
beginning of the Klondike excitement.
The miner and prospector have been
: embarrassed by it. irritated and over
reached in a hundred ways, insomuch
that confidence in the Government
which they looked to for protection in
. their rights was gone. Thomas Faw
j cott. the retiring commissioner, is cred
! ited by many with honest intentions
i and personal integrity, but there are
i very few who do not openly charge
, that the administration of the office un
| der him was abominably corrupt.
L. E. Senkle, who succeeds him, is 33
years of age, a lawyer, formerly of Tor
| onto, but late:* of Nelson, B. C, in the
■ heart of the Kootenai mining district.
; He has created a srood impression and
his administration begins auspiciously.
J. E. Buldus and R. H. Baker arrived
with the commissioner and will be giv
en places in the office.
The weather since the Ist of Novem
ber has ranged at from 30 to 57 degrees
; below zero, remaining for a week at 44
below. On the 6th inst. the mercury
suddenly rose to above the freezing
point, and on the Tth there was a slight
drizzle of rain. The Indians say that
about twenty years ago the Klondike
I overflowed its banks in midwinter, but
there is no other record o£ rain during
the winter in these far northern parts.
Facilities for reaching the outside by
; boat continued so late in the fall that
it was supposed nearly all of those de-
I siring to spend the winter on the out
side had availed themselves of them
and that few would subject themselves
to the hazard, toil and discomfort of
i the long journey over the trail. Every
day, however, s^es a dozen or more
: start away up the river to the south
! ward.
The men who undertook to corner
' provisions are getting the worst of it.
I Some of them bought butter at as high
a figure as $2 50 a pound. The article
lis on sale now at 51 25 a pound. Prices
j are continually ranging downward. An
j effort at combination was recently made
by the restaurant keepers to keep the
price of a dinner up to $1 50, but it
I failed. The announcement was made
i on behalf of dollar-and-a-half-meals,
I and this price was asked for generally
I throughout town one day, but trade fell
i off so sharply that the next day a man
with a dollar could buy a dinner.
Tv>'o bits will buy coffee and dough
! nuts, coffee and pie, or a large bowl of
! soup with bread and butter. Restau-
I rants, bakeri-? and lunch counters
quoting these prices are more numerous
than the saloons. Bread is sold at six
' big loaves for a dollar. Sales or" pro
visions, tho remnants of outfits of those
going out, continue nightly, and prices
range low.
And yet there is such destitution in
, the district as to have induced the call
ing of a meeting of Americans, which
was held in the office of Consul General
McCook on the 6th inst. The Consul
reported that he was constantly being
asked for assistance by men who
claimed to be in absolute distress and
unable to obtain work. Hundrt- ;
men are reported to be in this lament
able condition, with the long end of the
i dark and bitter winter before them.
Thf Salfation Army post here reports
a long line of appeals. The army has
erected a log-cabin "shelter" and its
capacity is nightly put to the t*st, the
api'licants being required to pay for bed
and supper b^* sawing wood.
Th*> hospitals have been crowded with
indigent 'patients until the Good Sa
maritan was so steeped in debt that
it threatened to close its doors, and
was prevented from so doing only by
aid from the Government. Both pub
lic hospitals— St. Mary's and the Good
Samaritan — are now compelled t»» re
fuse nor.-paying patients. It is esti
. mated that no loss that $9000 a month
i will pay the expenses of treating the
COLUMBUS' LAST
APPEAL DEFACED
Statuary Group at the
Capitol Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— The magni
ficent group of statuary, •Columbus'
Last Appeal to Queen Isabella," sta
tioned in the center of the rotunda of
the State Capitol, has been defaced. The
work is one of the most striking pro
ducts of the chisel of Larkin Gold
smith Meade, an American sculptor of
world-wide fame. It was fashioned at
the sculptor's studio at Florence, Italy,
on the order of a prominent New York
merchant. Disaster overtook the mer
chant before he could give the statue
the place of honor in his art collection
and D. O. Mills took it off his hands.
In that year, 18S3, Mills presented the
group to the State of California, and it
has since adorned the rotunda of the
Capitol. The group is cut from an im
mense solid block of marble of the
purest white Italian variety. Its cost
was $10,000.
The figure in the group which has
been most admired, is that of the page,
who is kneeling beside the Queen in an
attitude of expectancy. The delicately
chiseled fingers are outspread, bent
gracefully at the joints, lending to the
figure a rare charm. Somebody has
broken off the first two fingers of this
page, and the handsome little Spaniard
has the appearance of having been up
against Shafter at Santiago. The mu
tilation is almost as pitiful as though
somebody had lopped off the head of
the Queen herself or had trimmed with
a meat ax the overgrowth of hair upon
the head of the discoverer.
It was thought at first that the loss
of the page's fingers might have been
accidental, but the State janitor said
Uiis afternoon that if this were the
case the pieces should have been found
in the railed inclosure which the group
occupies. No such pieces have been
found. It is thought by some that the
act may have been committed by some
precious crank who imagined that he
was thereby adding to the woes of
Spain, while others advance the sug
gestion that some disappointed office
seeker or discharged employe may have
knocked off the fingers.
Meade. who carved the beautiful
work of art. produced the colossal
statue of "Vermont." which crowns the
dome of the Stat<* House at Montpelier.
His statue of Lincoln for the Presi
dent's monument at Springfield, 111.,
was placed there in 1574. One of his
more recent works is a colossal statue
DEATHS IN DAWSON CITY.
Since The Call's last report of deaths at Dawson the fol
lowing names have been added to the list:
AT THE GOOD SAMARITAN.
Chauncey ■ Beardsley, American,
typhoid fever, September 23.
Frank Miller, Aberdeen, Wash., ty
phoid. September IS.
Mrs. Charles Waddell. San Fran
cisco, heart failure. October 5.
Charles Maynard, Victoria, typhoid,
October 5. i
Thii > Hahneman, American, typhoid,
October 15.
Albert E. Hodson, Oregon City, ty
ptxrid. October 13.
William York, Juneau, typhoid, No
vember 3.
Antoine Roust, Alameda, Cal., ty
phoid. November 3.
Edwin Jones, New York, typhoid,
November 4.
Percy Jory, American, typhoid, Oc
tober 11.
Fred Luker, American, November
24.
James F. Sweeney, pneumonia, Penn
sylvania, November 4.
Alexander Craigie. Nova Sctia,
pneumonia, December 2.
AT ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL.
Samuel Neal. American. September 6.
J. S. Jaeobson, San Francisco, Sep
tember 11.
Thomas Duggan, September 10.
William Cobleieh, Peoria. 111.. Sep
tember 14. '
M. Samkousky. Berlin. September 13.
T. W. Neile. September 13.
Olaf Isaks. September 1"
George Hogle. Seattle. September 20.
Frank Roy, Canada. September 15.
Norman A. Bennett, * Stockton, Cal.,
September 22.
John Dixon. Los Angeles, Cal., Sep
tember 26. - •
William Williams. September 27.
Henry Borgue. September 25.
Thomas Cain. Portland, Or., Octo
ber 2.
Joseph Burgher. October 2.
Henry Johnson, October 3.
James Maloney, San Francisco, Octo
ber 3.
George England. Boston. October 5.
James F. Brach, October S. .-: -;■ :
Edward Touhill, October 11.
Joseph Huillet, Canada. October 1.
Joseph Gagnon. Canada, October 12.
George Mosher. California. October 3.
George Ralston. October 16.
L. A. McNamara,' October 16.
Edward Lawrence, Minneapolis, Octo
ber U. Tg~-7%Z??i
indigent patients already in the hos
pitals, and that $JOO,OOO will not foot
the tardy doctor bills of the winter at
these institutions.
in vfew of tlu-se circumstances the
meeting decided to send a memorial to
Congress asking for aid. Committees
were appointed on finance and to draw
up resolutions and the memorial. H.
T. Roller, the agent for the Seattle-
Yukon Transportation Company, who
goes out on business, will qarry the
memorial to Washington.
The Government here declares itself
out of funds for the purpose of relief.
An entertainment was given at the
Monte Carlo Theater a few nights ago
for the benefit of the destitute, at which
the Yukon Commissioner, or Governor
Ogilvit-, made an address, which was
an appeal to the rich to aid the desti
tute. The referee at a Saturday night
glove contest, which failed in exciting
incidents, won !<>ud commendation by
declaring the event "no contest" and
turning the box office receipts over to
the hospital.
There is a great deal of sickness in
the hospita. . and the summer death
rate is mai. rained. The rate, consid
ering all things — the unhealthy condi
tions, the poor food, the dark, unven
tilated cabins, the lack of proper reme
dies and treatment inridental to life
and death in an isolated country — is not
large. It is impossible to obtain a com
plete record of the deaths, for until
within this month no official record has
been kept. The three undertaking es
tablishments scarcely make a note of
the transaction if their bills are paid
in cash, and even the hospitals keep
but an imperfect record. There are
three cemeteries for burial, in either of
which no permit is required. A man la
ALGER AND MILES
PROBABLY SLATED
TO FOLLOW EAGAN
Obstacles in the Way of the
President's Programme Will
Be Removed.
S3 NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— Herald's Washington correspondent 82
S3 sends the following: It is declared that Secretary Alger is to be 88
88 removed from the War Department and that the President -will be 88
?• forced to send him back to Michigan. It is also declared that General ti
*. Miles is to be removed for two reasons: First, that when, as he 83
88 alleges, he found the beef bad he did not report to the Government. S3
S3 and that he does not work harmoniously with the administration. 88
88 If reports are true this will he the result of the investigation by 88
ti the War Commission. It will reoort against the charges that "em- S3
52 balmed" beef was supplied soldiers and that canned and' otherwise S3
Si prepared meat was bad or poisonous; also that charges that soldiers 88
23 did not have proper food are untrue. 82
82 With General Eagan court-martialed and as gracefully as possible 88
88 relegated into obscurity, and Alger put out of the War Department. S3
8* and better than all from an administration point of view. General S3
23 Miles removed, the administration will have a chance to return to S3
88 its more important work of fretting its numerous islands upon a busi- S3
53 ness basis. Millions of capital and representatives of the chief inter- 8*
88 ests of the country are anxious to begin drumming up trade in the 88
88 new possessions of tropical America. It is said the administration S3
S3 has stood by Secretary Alger with great forbearance. His eccentrici- 88
2* ties, insincere personalities and experimental freaks in the War De- *•
88 partment have reached the limit. It is said that President McKinlev 88
82 is as hungry for expansion as the most ardent jingo, but he believes S3
S3 in making haste slowly. He is a born diplomat with able men around *8
88 him, and as an administration syndicate they are not only in full 88
88 possession of the Government, but largely in control of the politics 88
S3 and business of the country. .. So the situation may be summed up in 88
88 paragraph— and no hauling down of the American flae. S3
\i Progression in the newly acquired islands and victory for the next 88
ti McKinley campaign is the programme of the administration. Any 88
88 obstacles standing in the way of this carefully prepared scheme S3
ti must go. **
ti Eagan will plead guilty to the charges against him. 88
ti s
S3 S3 S3 aS3*.S3S3S3S3%S3S3S3S3aS3S3S3titi ti S3 S3 S3 a\titi ti a # . \ a
in marble of the Mississippi River, rep
resented as a river god.
COLOMBET WITHDKAWS.
SAX JQSE. Jan. 20.— Joseph F. Colom
bet has •withdrawn from the fight for
Treasurer and the deadlock between
Mayor Martin and the Council probably
is at an end. The Mayor announced to
day that he would wait until the regular
meeting- of the Council on Monday before
submitting another name for Treasurer.
Kxperts from San Francisco to-day be
gan work on opening the safe. It will be
necessary to drill Into the back, and will
occupy a couple of days.
Thomas Donahoe, Seattle. October 15.
.V A. Lane. Orting, Wash., Octo
ber 20.
C S:a!^y. Eureka, I'tah. October 2C.
Frank Ehinger. Seattle. October 27.
B. Gamrua, San Francisco, Octo
ber a.
H. Miller, Northfield, Minn., Novem
ber 6.
Pat McAleenan, Park City, Utah, No
vember 0.
Henry Marsha, Glastonbury. England,
November 11.
W. I.aun< hbury, Chemainus. B. C,
November 18.
L. Stooge, St. Phillips, Quebec. No
vember 16.
F. i.Vunure. Edmonston, N. W. T.,
November 17.
R. H. Byers, N^w York, Novem
ber :'4
S. Hanhi, San Francisco, Novem
ber 25.
R. F. Davis, Oregon City. Or, No
vember -•.
D. Goudy. Canada. December 2.
.T. Parks. L>>s Angelps. IVo-mber 3.
J. Hickey. Seattle. December 4.
Samuel Fitzpatrick, Seattle, Decem
ber 3.
J. Tyler, Stockton, Cal., Decem
ber 6.
REPORTED FKOVI PRIVATE
SOURCES.
A. L. Kinston, New Zealand. Sep
tember 17.
Wllttvn McArthur, Victoria, suicide,
September SO.
Mine Couton. September 20.
William Meredith, accidental drown
ing In the Klondike. September 27.
George Hegel. Seattle, September 23.
Perley T. Brown, Grass .Valley, Cat.,
September SS.
Joseph Pickup.it suicide. October 12.
J. Wlttrup. Seattle. October 12.
J. A. Cadenhead, frozen in the Klon
dike, October 2«.
Cash Hampshire, pneumonia, No
vember S. .
Riley Dlnsham. typhoid. November S.
Theodore Weard. scurvy. November 0.
Robert H. Byers, typhoid, Novem
ber 24.
Katie McDanie!. typhoid. Kovem
b*-r U.
Harry Spence. typhoid. November 27.
Murdoek Matheson, Jun>>au, paralysis,
December 2. .
Carl W. Davidson, typhoid, Decem
ber 3.
Charles Morel, typhoid, December 8.
engaged to dig a grave, and. that cere
mony being over, the mourners dis
perse, and that is all there is to it, ex
cept where the grave is marked.
The process of- digging a grave is
similar to the first step in digging a
mine. A fire is built and the surface
thawed and removed. The fire is re
newed and the few inches of thawed
earth is removed as before. This is
repeated until the required amount of
earth is removed, the process some
times taking a week.
Scurvy is becoming very prevalent
again, especially in the mining area.
• 'harles Schmidt, an old man suffering
with th-^ trouble, lay in his bed at Bo
nanza three days unable to help him
self before his cries brought help. He
was finally brought to the barracks
and placed in a hospital. J. Hillman.
after a somewhat similar experience,
was brought in a day or two ago from
Dominion.
A number of cases of partial freez
ing have been reported. L. Madison,
from Forty Mile, suffered the amputa
tion of both hands and feet on Novem
ber 26. He was picked up in a semi
conscious; condition by the captain of
the Rock Island No. 2. wintering there.
Madison " is a \ man of strong , physique,
and, having no desire to ) survive his
terrible mutilation, is refusing food in
his wish to die. He has i a brother at
l\orty Mile ;, who . owns . some ' valuably
mlninc r~ 'perty.
Wnrk in the mines here is progressing
busily and steadily, but there Is nothing:
notable to report concerning it. Th'
same may be said of the mines on the
American side. A vast area is being
prospected this winter and the develop
ments of next spring will tell a wonder
fuliy interesting story.
DREYFUS WILL
BE RETURNED
Pretext Found by Court
of Cassation.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
ooocooooooooooooo
o o
O PARIS. Jan. 20.— According to O j
O the Siecle the Court of Cassation O j
O intends to conclude the inquiry Q j
O b>- confronting Captain Lebrun- O j
O Renault, who was in charge of O !
O Dreyfus at the time of his de- O
t O gradation, mth Dreyfus himself. O \
: O The necessity for confrontation O
J © is advanced as a pretext to jus- O
| O tify the return of Dreyfus to O
j O Paris. O
O The court also proposes, ac- O
O cording to the Siecle, to have the O
O bordereau dictated successively O
O to Dreyfus and Esterhazy, whose O '
© handwriting will then be com- O
© pared with the original docu- O
O ment. O
O O
OOOOO OOOCOQOOOGOOO
PARIS, Jan. 20.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day plunged into another
Dreyfus debate. M. Breton, Socialist.
interpellated the Government qn the
: subject of ihe package of dipiumatic
I papers among the documents in the
I Dreyfus case, and asserted that the ■
! former Minister. Rambaud. speaking at
| the agricultural show, declared the !
| members of the Meline Cabinet were j
■ aware of the forgery of the late Lieu- \
I tenant Colonel Henry. The statement '
i caused great excitement among the
Deputies, in the midst of which M. Me- ■
line, who was Premier in the Cabinet in
which M. Rambaud was Minister of ;
Public Instruction, and Dr. Barthou,
I who was Minister of the Interior in the
i same Cabinet, rose and formally char- :
! acterized the statement as false. M.
Meline added that the day he was first '
aware of the Henry forgery was when i
If. Cavaignac, the former Minister of
War, announced its discovery in the
t'hamber of Deputies. The speaker fur
\ ther declared that a revision of ihe trial
I was unnecessary- and that he had noth-
ing to retract.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M.
Del Casse, said the so-called ultra
secret dossier which had been com- i
municated to the Court of Cassation
contained no letter from Dreyfus to a
foreign sovereign. He added that there
never had been such a letter to the
knowledge of the agents who had been
in the service of the ministry during
the last decade. As to the suggestion
that it contained letters from a foreign
sovereign to Dreyfus, the Minister said
he did not believe that any authenticity
could be credited to such documents.
(Applause.)
Continuing, the Minister of Foreign
Affairs said he, as well as every one
connected with the Foreign Office, was
entirely unaware that any such docu
ments had | been manufactured, as al
leged, but even if such were the case
the forger would never attempt to offer
them at the French Foreign Office for.
however naive the diplomatists might
be supposed to be, they would never be
simple enough to accept or place value
upon such merchandise. (Applause.)
M. Meline. the former Premier, for
mally reiterated that neither he nor j
any member of his Cabinet was aware
of the forgery of the late Lieutenant
Colonel Henry and congratulated him- j
self that he was not responsible for the
revision, as, . he added, there was not a
new fact to warrant it. '
The speaker further remarked that if
there was an innocent man condemned
in the case it should be proclaimed to
the world: but the country only saw In
the { Dreyfus affair a systematic and
perfidious campaign against the army.
"The partisans of revision," the for
mer Premier said later, "should cease
to join hands with the enemies of the
army." \
This remark caused a violent uproar
among the leftists.
M. Meline added: "The campaign
against the army is capable of being
incontestibly proved."
Later the order of the day pure and
simple was accepted by the Govern
ment and was adopted by a vote of
480 to 51. ,'..: : ;?35&l&£^I^atS»KSS&gf£i
M. Breton and M. Mellevoye. Nation
alist Republican and managing editor
of the Patrie, sent seconds to one an
other, owing to insults exchanged dur
ing the sitting, but the seconds decided
that there was no ground for duel.
Germany and Asia Minor.
It Is Inevitable that Asia Minor shall eventu
ally pass from the possession of Mohammedan
ism." and whether . Germany accomplishes the
task or not. the Sultan must yield -to a Chris
tian nation. It Is Just as inevitable that dis
eases -of the digestive ; organs must yield to
Hostetter"s Stomach Bitters. - The disorders
of this kind are usually called dyspepsia, con
stipation and biliousness. The Bitters are
equality good for all such complaints, regard
less of the name. ■ • -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
%S We cannot but pj[
\Si ance Shoe Sale QS
is a wonder — s
the greatest
kind of a suc-
cess.
1200 pairs Ladies' Fine French Kid.
Lace and Button Shoes, welted sewed
soles, stitched edges, latest style coin
toes, patent leather tips; AA PA
worth $4; during sale at.. \J nil
1450 pairs Ladies' Fine French Kid
Lace Shoes, narrow coin A| ■»•■
toes, patent leather tips, \| I h
our own make Will W
1200 pairs Men's Genuine Alaska Seal
Lace Shoes, calf-lined, lat-
est style coin toes or square An ft A
toes; worth $5 00; during \ < }
sale OJIUU
I 1500 pairs Men's Fine French Calf Lace
Shoes, hand sewed, welted Aft pf%
soles.latest style coin toes; \J nil
worth $5 00; during sale... WAIUW
i 1000 pairs Boys' Fine Calf A i ft ft
Button Shoes at the very \J j
low price of OIIUU
People who buy Shoes
during this sale buy
New Shoes —no old,
shelf-worn goods.
Special 250 and 50c on the dollar bar-
i gains on Bargain Counters. Satisfac-
tion in every case or money back.
Send us your address and we will
! mail you catalogue, showing you how
; to save from $10. to $20 on a year's pur-
! chases of shoes.
nolanTros.
812-814 Market St.,
Phelan Building, San Francisco.
HAVE
YOU
SEEN
TODAY'S
LETTER?
I IMPORTANT
< . A suit that fits well is worth two that some
if~ high price tailors make and never fit. To get a
If ~ perfect fitting suit of clothes at moderate prices
7fi you must go to
i JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
r?J His prices are 25 per cent iewer than other
,jv tailors charge. His clothes are 25 cent finer,
| r/} his workmanship the best, his linings are strong
'£« and perfect fit guaranteed or our money returned
mm loitewerr St. tor. Buh >.
o -IUMII2 Market Strwt >S " rKisrlsco
2: M FosrtAeath Stnrt, OASLIJD, OIL.
D II U VI II the voice,
BRONUniAL e thl e throat,
ROGHESi f Cu c S.
I BSO— In boiea only— 1 S»9
COKE! COKE! COKE!
'■■■p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone ' South 24. ,
TValer and Importer of all brands of COKJB.
Tards at HOWARD A>l> BKAI.B ST&
*''■ - — ■ ■ ■ -i n ii i !«*-—■* li iVirm— rrw^nmr MfnTniWTTffWM
56
c ■■ ■■
SATURDAY JANUARY 21, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addre-ss AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month;
65 cents.
THE SUNDAY CALL. 82 paftes One year, by rrjall. $1.50
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 pages ..One year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
r\EVV YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£ft« Housjj
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Morquette Build Aft
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:50 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open unt4! 9:30
o'clock.- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock;- 2291 Market
6treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock.- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ooa
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMIiNTa,
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California— "Ton Yonson."
Alcazar— "A Temperance Town."
TJvoli— "The Wedding Day."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Cornedy — "Two Married Men."
Chutes and IManka, the "Lady of Lions."
Oiympla — Comer Mason and Ellis streets, Syecialtle*.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Recreation Baseball.
Inpleslde CcurslnK Park— Courslnjr to-day.
Insrlesfde Race Track— to-day.
Oakland Race Track— Races Monday. January 23.
"SACK" CANDIDATES FOR SENATOR.
THERE is no question whatever that unless we
are to relapse into a state of complete moral
eclipse we shall in a short time be compelled to
pt a different method than that which now pre
vails of electing United States Senators. The scan
vvhich have attended the selection of these offi
cials throughoui the country during the pa»t three
particular emphasis to this observation.
It is not necessary, in fact, to seek for illustrations
of the evils of the present system farther than our
own State, where scandal is being manufactured daily
in wholesale quantities. Through the maze of crimi
nation and recrimination, charges and counter
charges, with which the Senatorial contest at Sacra
mento is being accompanied, we discern one great
principle of action. Everywhere and on all sides the
itorship is regarded as the chattel of millionaires.
Mr. Grant began his campaign with no other expec
tation than that he would be compelled to pay for
the office at ruling rates. According to the testimony
(>' the witnesses called before the Assembly investi
gating committee, he dispensed his money in accord
ance with a concerted plan, and without regard to
either law or morals. The same feature has attended
the candidacy of Dan Burns. It is well known that
he is using the patronage of the State in a manner
at once illegal and degrading. |
It is impossible that this kind of thing should go
on without ultimately involving the State in an oven
whelming storm of obloquy. We cannot, every two
pears, have our legislation influenced, our public of
debauched and our lawmakers bribed and cor
•uj'ted by millionaire candidates for United States
Senator without winding up in eternal perdition.
This may as well be settled in advance, for it is not
possible to conceive of such degradation in connec
ion with decent government.
In the interest of general public decency Congress
ihould submit an amendment to the national consti
tution changing the present method of electing Sen
ators There might be some opposition in the Fed
eral Senate to such a measure, and a few State Legis
laturei might resent interference with their preroga
tives, but the people would sustain such an amend
ment and public < 'pinion could be relied upon to se
cure its ratification. Out of an elective system rep
resentative United States Senators would come troop
ing, and there would be an entire obliteration of the
"sack" candidates.
THE IMPROVEMENT OF THE CITY.
ONE of the most important of local enterprises
is that undertaken by the North Central Im
provement Association for the purpose of bet
tering the condition of that section of the city sit
uated on the level lying north of California street
and east of Kearny. The land in that district is suf
ficiently valuable to repay the cost of extensive im
provements. In fact, it is so valuable that its full
worth will never be realized by the owners until it
has been improved.
With the growth of San Francisco and the in
crease of its commerce the entire region lying suffi
ciently near the water front to be available for han
dling large stocks of goods and produce will have an
augmented importance. Residences may move west
ward and the retail trade may follow, but from the
very nature of things the wholesale trade must re
main in the district along the bay, and until that has
been improved and brought up to the standard of
conditions which are required of modern communi
ties the commercial interests of the city will be heav
ily handicapped.
We are now engaged in making preparations to in
vite the world to attend an international exposition
to be held in San Francisco in 1901. To our own
people much of the interest of the exposition will lie
in what it may achieve in developing our industrial
and productive powers, but to the world at large and
to a considerable extent among home people the chief
value of the enterprise will be in the showing it
makes of the possibilities of Pacific Ocean commerce
and the advantages offered by San Francisco to those
who desire to engage in it.
If we can have the whole of our water front and
wholesale district well paved, well lighted, well built
and well provided for handling all forms of merchan
dise, we may certainly count upon attracting to the
city a considerable number of enterprising merchants
with energy and capital sufficient to undertake a
world-wide trade. Such men would not only help to
advance the city, but they would seek out new mar
kets for the products of our industry, and in that way
aid in the upbuilding of all the interests of the State.
In the East and in Europe it has been learned that
to hold its own in the struggle for trade every com
mercial city, no matter how well it may be situated.
must make its commercial districts attractive and
commodious, or trade will go elsewhere. San Fran
cisco cannot reasonably hope to become the metrop
olis of the Pacific if her citizens show less enterprise
than those of other ports. The movement undertaken
by the North Central Association is therefore one of
importance to the whole community, and it is to be
hoped it«will attain such success as to induce prop
erty-owners of other districts to follow the example.
THE LfiST REFUGE OF RASCALS.
I \ES PAIR ING of success by open balloting, and
J confronted by an indignant public whose de
nunciations are rapidly weakening the nerve
of their followers, the railroad bosses, in their efforts
to elect Dan Burns to disgrace California in the
United States Senate, are trying by every means in
their power to coax, to bully, to entice and to delude
the Republican majority in the Legislature to con
sent to hold a secret caucus whose decision is to be
binding on all who take part in it.
The scheme is. cunningly devised. No member of
the Legislature who has hitherto voted against Burns
can be expected even by the bosses of the railroad to
openly join the black list gang. If any are to swell
his disreputable vote some covering must be pro
vided for them. That covering the proposed caucus
is designed to give. If any number of honest men
can be induced to take part in it the rascals will have
the game virtually in their hands. The honest men
will be bound by the caucus to vote for Burns, and
the black sheep will pass in with the innocent and
profit by the hypocrisy.
As the situation stands Grant is virtually retired
from the race. Since the disclosures made by The
Call and confirmed by evidence given before the As
sembly investigating committee, the candidate from I
San Diego is discredited, his followers demoralized
and his hopes dissipated. The one danger that re
mains to threaten the honor of the State and the pres
tige of the Republican party is the candidacy of the
man from Mexico, backed by all the corrupting
power of the Southern Pacific Company.
So long as the voting can be kept in the open, and
every man remains free to vote as he pleases, that
danger is comparatively little. Burns cannot win in
a fair contest carried on before the eyes of the peo
ple. His one chance is to shift the struggle to the
seclusion, the secrecy and the darkness of a caucus
where, under the forms of party discipline, he may
delude a few honest men and prepare the way for
dishonest ones to sneak into his camp.
By the disclosures made before the investigating
committee it has been shown that a vast amount of j
intrigue, bribery and rascality has been practiced by
the unscrupulous bosses in arranging for the election
of Senator. Burns*' candidacy was kept carefully hid
den from the public and from the rank and file of the j
Republican party during the whole period of the re- i
cent canvass. When it was announced by Herrin
it came to the great majority of Republican voters
like a stab in'the back. No man's candidacy for a
high office in the United States was ever before car- j
ried on in so cowardly, so vicious and so disreputable j
a way.
Against that candidacy the press has protested, the i
party has protested and the State has protested. The
only papers that support Burns are railroad organs
and the Examiner, which is evidently trying to regain
the favor of Huntington and the blackmail subsidy
of $1000 a month which it enjoyed a short time ago.
Political jobbery, fraud, misrepresentation and open
lying have been resorted to by the supporters of
Burns, and the full extent of the abomination is as yet
unknown. No man in the Legislature having any re
spect for his constituents or himself will follow the
slimy track of Wright into the black list gang.
The caucus, with its possibilities of secret voting i
and rascal trickery, affords the only possible chance
for the railroad and its candidate. The honest Re- j
publicans of the Legislature have only to keep out of j
that trap and victory will be theirs.
THE INVESTIGATION.
IT is no pleasure to any one concerned in uncover
ing the feculence of the Senatorial fight that it
tarnishes reputations. The only feeling of The
Call in the matter is regret, dominated by a stern
sense of duty, and the conviction that the interests of
a great party, at present charged with the destiny of
the State and the nation, require that corruption
tiicrein be met at the door and clubbed back, or the
paity is ruined.
The Call's connection with the matter is as open
ss its motives are free from any taint of revenge.
This paper promoted the ambition of Mr. Wright to
be Speaker. To secure our advocacy he voluntarily,
solemnly and repeatedly pledged himself as to his
vote on the Senatorship. He knew our position, and
by putting himself in line with it secured a support
which he regarded as valuable enough to be worth
seeking. (>
He betrayed an obligation voluntarily assumed,
under circumstances that at once raised the presump
tion that when he assumed it he was already con
tracted to deliver himself in violation of it. After
skirmishing on two ballots he delivered himself to
Burns. Then Mr. Leake, holding still the perfectly
open part in the affair that The Call occupied from
the beginning, publicly reprehended the Speaker's un
speakable treachery. This open and public course on
Mr. Leake's part discovered a fellow feeling in Mr.
Green, political manager for Mr. Grant, "who volun
tarily and without restraint announced that Wright's
support of Burns was in betrayal of a financial ob
ligation voluntarily assumed to Grant. It was then
apparent that Mr. Wright had been in three camps.
He had obligated himself to Burns, to Grant and The
Call. The first two obligations were contractual in
theii nature, and it immediately appeared that in
Grant's case the consideration was money. In The
Call's case Wright incurred obligation solely. by
solemn representations that put him in line with what
we regard as the highest and most virtuous purposes
of the party, and the best interests of the State. The
consideration in the case of Burns remains to be re
vealed.
An analysis of the evidence, under the rules of logic
or according to the principles laid down in Green
leaf, or by the natural method taken by the plainest
man in sifting truth from falsehood, leaves Mr.
Leake's testimony absolutely unimpeached. The
j Oakland Enquirer calls it "cold-blooded." Pray
! what has the Enquirer to sny of Wright, who in
voked his domestic relations in evidence of his oppo
sition to Burns, and, violating that fireside duty to
his good name, shifted responsibility upon the Jus
tices of the Supreme Court, promptly to be proved a
liar by the full bench?
The Speaker admitted first the receipt of $750 frorq
Green, but it was to pay a debt and was to be re
turned. When confronted by the evidence he re
membered $900 more paid out, he says, in his pri
mary campaign. At the same time he swears that the
I only peril to him in the primary campaign was the
j opposition of Pringle and that he got rid of that by
I paying $200. What was done with the balance of
! $700? By his own admission he had but one oppo
nent and got the right of way in the primary and con
vention by paying him $200.
Turning now to his relations with Green. Both
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
admit under oath that Green paid him, and paid for
him, $1650. Each denies that this money, admitted
by Green to have been Grant's cash, was paid to
Wright in the expectation that he would vote for
Grant. Now let us put the various statements made
by Mr. Green in parallel and contrast, and let the
reader judge:
GREEN'S TESTIMONY.
I told Leake Wright had (To loading questions
been originally friendly to put by Wright's attorney,
Grant * * • an ,i had Green answered.)
voted for Burns. 1 termed There was no agree
hhn a political harlot. ment that Wright should
He had lunched with vote for Grant.
Grant at the Palace grill, He never promised to
and said if elected to the vote for Grant. His vot-
Legislature it would give ing for Grant was never
him a good deal of pleas- mentioned. I did not tell
ure to vote for Grant. Leake that Wright had
Knowing that he had ex- broken his promise. I
pressed himself as friend- never told anybody I had
ly to Mr. Grant I was paid Wright money in
willing to make a contri- consideration of his prom
bution to the cause. ise to vote for Grant.
It was money that Mr. Voting for Grant was
Grant gave me to spend never mentioned,
in his campaign. This At the time I paid him
whole $1650 was Mr. the $900 it was not men-
Grant's money. Wright tioned. The $750 was Mr.
stated to a number of peo- Grant's personal check,
pie that if elected to the but Wright's voting for
Assembly he expected to Grant was not mentioned,
support Mr. Grant. While Question by Sanford—
there was no promise ex- You would not have ad
acted that he would, yet vanced the money had
it helped Mr. Grant's as- you not thought he was
pirations by securing the friendly to Mr. Grant,
nomination of a gentle- would you?
man who had announced Green — Yes, sir, I think
that if elected he would I would,
vote for Mr. Grant.
Wright came to my of
fice for the $900 volun
tarily. I was told that he
was on his way to Colonel
Burns to get money to
help him in his candidacy.
He had said he disliked to
go to Burns for money
because Mr. Grant was
his preference. This was
told me by a gentleman
not in politics. I hate to
bring his name in.
Now, what does the foregoing prove? That
Wright announced himself for Grant. He was ac
cepted as an honorable man, openly taking a position
to stand by it and take the consequences. He had
expected something different, but it was not offered.
He then made it known that he was going to Burns
for money, and took care that this should get to the
can. of Green, and it did. Wright went to Green's
office and got $900. It was squeezed out of Green by
! the. threat to go to Burns. Wright and Green swear
i that they played Damon and Pythias to each other.
Bit Green's testimony shows that there was no such
! relation, else Wright, needing money, would no. '
i have threatened to get it of Burns in order to squeeze i
it out of Grant. The relation was financial entirely,
and who doubts that the consideration was to be
Wright's vote for Grant? That Green so understood j
it is perfectly plain. If he did not, why does he say j
u.ider oath that Wright was "a political harlot" be
cause he voted for Burns?
Turning now to Wright's testimony. He admits
getting the $1650, and that $000 of it was used in the
. primaries in the Seventh W r ard in Oakland, in brass
bands, printing, canvassing, etc., and that he "won j
out" in that ward for the delegation by six votes.
Now he had no opponent for the nomination but j
'Prii'gle, and later on he swore that he paid Pringle
, $ioc to withdraw as a candidate, and he withdrew.
This left Wright without opposition in his district, as
' shown by his own testimony, and therefore the expen
diture of the whole $000 in his primary campaign was
unnecessary. He admits under oath that he took
$1650 from Green, that he knew Green was Grant's
manager, and he admits that he told Mr. Spreckels
and Mr. Leake, to secure the help of The Call in his
1 Speakerphip fight, that he was not under obligation
to any individual or corporation.
It would be interesting to know Just what the
Speaker considers an obligation. He took a large
sum from Grant, and the assistance of The Call,
which he solicited, but felt free of obligation in
each case! Grant and The Call were antagonistic
and both antagonized Burns. It will be interesting
to know the nature of the obligation to Burns which
led him to violate the other two.
It is perfectly well understood that Green knew
he was putting Wright under obligations to Grant,
and that Wright knew it. The transfer of the large
; sum of $1650 was the only needed evidence of a
contract which required no further record in text or
in words. Morally and in equity the offer and its
acceptance completed the transaction, just as much as
though a written agreement was made before a no-
I tary. Green's testimony that he learned that Wright
was on the way to Burns for money means that he
learned he was on his way to put himself under obli
gations to Burns that involved his vote for Senator,
and by intercepting him he secured the obligation for
("Want.
The coarsest of practical politicians understood this
peifectly, and there need be no difficulty in seeing it
' on the part of those who are not practical politicians.
That The Call has perfect confidence in its case is
certified by our publication of every word of the tes
timony. Heretofore the style of report by investi
; gating committees has been: "Your committee has I
i heard all the testimony and the people have not." In j
I this case the people, the final jury, are hearing the
I testimony exactly as taken, in the columns of The
: Call, and we submit to their judgment.
Theodore Roosevelt has joined the number of
army officers who confirm the report of General
Miles that the beef furnished the troops in the West
Indian campaign was foul and vile. If the contract
ors continue to insist that it was Rood they should be
compelled to prove their faith in it by eating some of
it with the green beard on.
The public will take notice that while other papers
of the city have published but a digest of the, pro
ceedings of the investigating committee at Sacra
mento. The Call publishes them in full. For readers
who wish all the news all the time, there is no sub
stitute for The Call.
With Depew in the Senate and Choate in London,
New York will be happily relieved of her two most
voluble after-dinner speakers, and there is now a
good chance to sell pools as to which will be first to
make a bad break by talking too much.
Since we are to have the world invited to attend
our exposition in 1901, let us chuck the spurs into the
Hall of Justice contractors and get the building done
in time to make it part of the show.
When the Philippine Commissioners get to the
islands and look the country over the best thing they
can find will be a way to get out and take the soldier
boys with them.
In the meantime it will be noted that Mose Gunst
continues to act as Police Commissioner. The boss
is under the weather, but his lamb is out of the wet.
It begins to look as if the only way to suspend a
poolroom would be to hang the man that runs it.
Regardless of ultimate results, it m3y be remarked
that Matt Quay is not having a happy time.
GENERAL BAMBERGER NO MORE.
Passing of a Quaint Character, Former Secretary
of Jefferson Davis.
r* ENERAL SOLOMON S. BAMBERGER died at the residence of his sis
ter-in-law, 1824 Fell street, yesterday. The deceased was in his sixty-
M second year. He was a native of Furth, Prussia, and came with his
parents to the United States when very young and with them settled in
Kentucky, where he received his education. I
At the breaking: out of the Civil War the young man Joined the cause of
the South and enlisted as a private. His fine education took him out of the
ranks and advanced him along the lines of promotion until he was made a
brevet brigadier general on the celebrated General Joseph E. Johnston's |
staff.
From there he was transferred to the staff of President Jefferson Davis
and through his hands went Davis 1 extensive correspondence with his co
workers in the cause of the South. It is said that Bamberger drew the |
plans of the famous Bull Run battle-field, for which he received special
thanks from the general in charge of the division.
At the close of the war Bamberger left for home with a solitary, 10
--cent piece in his pocket, although when he enlisted he had a share in over
$2,000,000 worth of property. On his arrival in San Francisco, in 1878, he at
once recognized the coming power of Chris Buckley and lost no time in form
ing an alliance with him. The blind boss recognized the worth of the gen
eral and at once took him into camp and confidence. His reward from the
boss was a steady position in the City Hall at a good salary as long as he
had the pnwor to keep him there. However, the waning influence of the
boss did not throw Bamberger out in the cold, as his superior penmanship
had been recognized by others, and he found employment almost steadily
up to the time of his death. His last work was done for Auditor Broderick
in fixing the rate of taxation in the books of the Tax Collector.
One remarkable characteristic bestowed hy nature on General Bam
berger was the formation of his eyes. He had what is known as a myopic
eye, by means of which he could distinguish the smallest of objects. So
great was this gift that when he chose to write lnftnitesimally the lines
would become invisible to an ordinary microscope; yet each character when
seen through a powerful glass would be as distinct as if written in an or
dinary hand.
The general never married, though at one time he was engaged. He has
a brother in this city who formerly held a position in the Custom-house.
SHE LOST HER
WAY, BUT FOUND
GOAT ISLAND
Lorenz and William
Ran on the Beach.
The fog was thicker on the bay yester
day than it has been in months.
The ferry boats were all late, and some
of them made the wrong slips. Some of
the bay schooners got lost and had to
come to anchor, while the Lorenz and
William brought up on Goat Island with
all sail set. The captain and crew walLed
ashore and made their way over the hills
to the light station, where they procured
a boat and thus reached Oakland long
wharf. Once on this side they secured
the tug Millie and returned to the strand
ed schooner. The tug worked on her all
the afternoon, but failed to get the Lt>r
enz and William off. About half of the
load of tanbark went overboard and was
lost, but the vessel is not much damaged
and will come off to-day at high water.
The United States dispatch boat Iro
quols sailed for Honolulu late Thursday
night. A number of dispatches arrived
from the Navy Department in Washing
ton, and as soon as these were put aboard
the Iroquols got under way. She r-ay
have instructions for the Oregon, now due
at Honolulu, to proceed to Samoa, or she
may follow the Bennington to Guam and
order the gunboat to the new scene of
trouble.
The schooner Mlzpah, from Coqullle
River, lost 15,000 feet of lumber and one
of her boats during a storm on January
9. This was probably the lumber which
the Czarina passed through on her last
voyage here Irom Seattle.
All steam schooners running between
San Francisco and Eureka will in future
curry mail. Hitherto there was only a
mail once a week by steamer, ihe other
times It being sent by train I'j Ukiah
and thence by stage to Eureka. The
roads of late, however, have been almost
impassable, and, in consequence, letters
that should have reached Humboldt a
month ago are only getting there now.
In future the steamers will carry the mail.
The wrecked Noyo is damaged more
than was at first suspected. Divers went
down and examined the hull yesterday,
and they report that there is a large hole
in the port bow, the keel is gone, the en
tire hottom on the port side is badly
chafed and will have to be replaced, and
the rudder and rudder-post are gone. As
soon as a thorough examination has been
made the divers will patch up the holes
ami the vessel will be pumped out and
placed on the drydock.
Captain George M. Anderson is now in
command of the ship Lucille, and Cap
tain O. Erickson of the steamer Albion.
Frank J. Kuofke, a private in Company
A. First Nebraska Regiment. U, 8. V..
was arrested by the police and turned
over to the military authorities yester
day. He is said to be one of a gang of
twenty, who broke open boxes on the
transport Ohio during the voyage from
Manila and stole a number of relics and
$300 in cash. Ruofke admits taking the
relics, but says he thought they belonged
to the company as a whole.
Th^ mall steamer Rio de Janeiro ar
rived from Hongkong via Yokohama and
Honolulu yesterday. She brought up a
largo passenger list, which includes the
names of a number of soldiers homeward
bound from Manila. Captain Glass of the
Charleston returned and alter a short va
cation will take charge of the naval sta
tion now being established at Goat Island.
T. H. Goodman, general passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific, and his hiece.
Miss Hosmer, came back from Honolulu
on the Rio. Miss Hosmer is a very sick
woman, and had to be carried ashore In
a litter.
The State of California is to be laid up
for repairs, and the George W. Elder will
replace her temporarily on the Portland
-run.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. A. Hyde of Salt Lake City is at the
Palace.
C. C. Chase of Denver is a guest at the
Occidental.
H. M. Leps, U. S. N., is a guest at the
Occidental.
Captain C. E. Hooper, U. S. A., is at
the Occidental.
Arthur Lee and wife of Richmond, Va.,
are at the Palace.
Banker T. B. Rickey and wife of Carson
are at the Palace.
Dr. H. C. Johnson of New York is regis
tered at the Grand.
Attorney C. A. Storke of Santa Barbara
is a guest at the Grand.
John E. Budd, a brother of ex-Gover
nor Budd, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Howison of Toledo,
Ohio, are at the California,
T. H. Ramsay of Redwood, manager of
the Vina Ranch, is at the Grand.
H. G. Bond and wife and Marshal Bond
of Santa Clara are at the Palace.
Colonel James Jackson, U. S. A., of
Portland, is staying at the Occidental.
H. B. Duncan and E. B. McCormick of
Pittsburg, Pa., are registered at the
Occidental.
C. E. Tinkham of Chico, manager of the
Sierra Mill and Lumber Company, is at
the Grand.
T. H. Goodman, the general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific, returned
from a pleasure trip to Honolulu yester
day.
Judge C. N. Sterry of Los Angeles is a
guest at the Palace. Judge Sterry* is the
counsel for the Santa Fe in Southern Cal
ifornia.
Edwin Hatfleld Garthwalte, M. E., a
Callfornian graduate of the State Uni
versity, and later of the College of
Mines. Freiburg, Germany, who was
called to South Africa by John Hays
Hammond in 1595, as manager of the
Nigel Deep mines, has just been appointed
by Cecil Rhodes superintending engineer
of the South African Chartered Com
pany's mines at Buluwayo, Rhodesia,
South Africa. This is one of' the most
important mining positions in the Char
tered Company's gift, and Is a tribute to
the skill and ability of Mr. Garthwaite.
On the occasion of Mr. Garthwaite's re
tiring from his management of the Nigel
Deep mines last month the company
gave a bannuet in his honor and pre
sented him with a handsome silver table
service.
■ ♦ »
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK. i
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Eugene Korn of
San Francisco is at the Fifth avenue.
■ ♦ ■
DISGRACED
BY JILSON
ETNA, Slskiyou Co., Cal., Jan. 15. 1899.
Editor Call: I was chairman of the
last Republican County Convention. I j
do not think there were five men in j
that convention that favored Burns for I
United States Senator; they were near- I
ly all for General W. H. L. Barnes. I
spoke to Major A. G. Myers, who was
a delegate and who has a State repu
tation as a mining man, as to the ex
pediency of having the convention vote
to instruct Jilson to vote for Barnes.
He said it was not necessary, as Jilson '
was all right. Now, in view of Jilson's i
action, I feel keenly the disgrace he has
placed upon the grand old party here !
in Siskiyou. He has not only disgraced
the party, but the county.
If it is true that the executive and
judicial branchas of the State govern- i
ment are for Burns and they succeed j
In forcing him upon us against the i
wishes of more than 99 per cent of the ■
Republicans of California, I say In all I
candor that the Republican party of '
California has outlived its usefulness
1.. S. WILSON.
ARRESTED IN
THE CITY HALL
FOR MURDER
Ong Foon Still in the
Law's Clutches.
NOW WANTED IN SANTA ROSA
THE MURDER COMMITTED OVEB
jg££ SIX YEARS AGO.
Charges of Attempted Extortion and
Blackmail Against the Badgered
Heathen Dismissed by
Judge Mogan. j ,
The Chinese slave dealers seem deter
mined, according to the police, to pet rid
of Ong Foon, the prominent member of
the Chinese Educational Society, for
after the case of attempted extortion
against him was dismissed by Judge Mo
gan yesterday he was. promptly arrested
on leaving the courtroom by Sheriff Grace
of . Santa Rosa on a charge of murder,
said to have been committed by him in
that city on November 2, 1892. He was
booked en route at the City Prison, and
was taken away by the Sheriff before his
friends knew of his arrest-
In the extortion case the defense put on
the stand Mrs. Lake of the Methodist
Mission, Mrs. Clara Anthony, a teacher
of the Chinese Educational Society; Clar
ence C. Edwords of The Call, Charles
Shafer, cigar ■ dealer, 26^ •Washington
street; Dr. John :E. Gardner of the Chi
nese Bureau of Immigration and Attorney
M. M. Foote, who all testified to the ex
cellent character borne by the defendant.
Dr. Gardner said it was entirely tr-r.-.-ugh
the defendant's efforts that the slava
traffic had been practically abolished.
Wong Ah Dong, the landlord of the house
where Ah Ling, the complaining witness, '
lived, was a slave dealer and the keeper
of a house of ill fame.
The defendant denied the charge, and
said he was employed as assistant book
keeper at. 771 Clay street and was also an
Interpreter. The Judge said he did not
believe the complaining witness nor ihe
two other witnesses for the prosecution.
The guilt of the defendant was not proved
and to bring such a charge against him on
such testimony was a travesty on Justice.
For these reasons the case would be dis
missed.
Ong Foon had just stepped out of the
courtroom when Sheriff Grace. placed his
hand on his shoulder and told him he was
under arrest for murder. He produced a
Justice's warrant, which called for the
arrest of Ah Fung for murder. At the
City Prison the Sheriff said that Ong
Foon, according to Wong Tung, one of
the witnesses for the prosecution in the
extortion case, was Ah Fung, who mur
dered Ah Loy, a cook, in Santa Rosa on
November 2, 1892, and he had procured the
warrant for his arrest. That was all he
knew about it. Ong Foon, or Ah Fung,
denied that he was the man, and said he
had never been In Santa Rosa. He was
astounded at such a charge being brought
against him.
Lieutenant Esola was at the City Prison
at the time, and said that Sheriff Grace
had called upon him Thursday night and
told him of the murder charge and who
his informant was. The murder was first
said to have been committed in Sacra
mento and then in Santa Rosa. The
lieutenant warned the Sheriff not to be
too hasty in arresting Ong Foon on such
information, as It might get him Into
trouble. Esola and others believe that the
arrest is a put-up Job to get Ong Foon
out of the way.
*
NOW IN SANTA ROSA JAIL.
Ah Fung Charged by Sheriff
Grace With Deliberate
Murder.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 20.— The crime for
which Ah Fung was arrested, and for
which he will be tried, was the murder of
Ah Loy in Santa Rosa on November 8,
1892. Two men quarreled over money
matters, the result of a dispute concern
ing a game of fan-tan.
The murdered man was in the employ
of Judge R. M. Swain as cook and house
servant at the time, and while returning
to Chinatown on the day of the murder
was shot while standing on the porch of
a store on Second street, this city. When
shot Ah Loy dropped dead in his tracks,
and the murderer, throwing his weapon
over a fence, darted into a store and out
of the back door, disappearing in the di
rection of Santa Rosa Creek. He has
never been located until his arrest to-day.
Information of his whereabouts was re
ceived at the Sheriffs office here a few
days ago. and the prisoner is now safe in
the Sonoma County jail to await trial.
The Associated Charities.
The annual meeting of the Associated
Charities was held yesterday, and the
following officers were elected for the en
suing "far: President. Oliver -Eldridge;
vice presidents. B. P. Flint, Major Hoop
er and J. N. Burnett; secretary. Miss Vir
ginia Fitch: treasurer. W. Levy.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsenda.*
■ ♦ »
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s). oW Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. :* ;V ,
KinK Humbert of Italy holds the record
as a hunter of chamois. During a recent
expedition in the valley of Ameris. near
Cuneo. the royal party killed seventy of
those animals in one day. of which fifty
one fell to King Humbert rifle. The
old mountaineers declare that this rec
ord has been approached but once before,
when Victor Emmanuel killed forty-four
in the same region.
. ♦ ■
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the worl<V
renowned appetizer and invlgorator. is used
over the world. Beware of imitations.
. ■» ■
To neglect the hair is to lose youth and comeli
ness. Save it with Parkers Hair Balsam.
Hinijkbcobnb. the best cure for corns. 13 ots.
At a late dinner at the Mansion House
three foreign Consuls were present to
whom the Lord Mayor wished to do honor
by drinking their health. He accordingly
directed the toast proclaimer to announce
"The Health of the Three Present Con
suls." The toast proelaimer, however,
mistaking the words, arose and an
nounced: "The Lord Mayor drinks the
health of the 3 per cent consuls!"
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alton bafrin? powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROVM. BAKINQ POWPSR CO., NEW YORK.ACCORDED A ROYAL PUBLIC RECEPTION.
Major General William R. Shatter Greeted and Congratulated by
Admiring Thousands in the Palace Hotel.
Shaking Hands With the Hero of Santiago.
MAJOR GENERAL WILLIAM
k. SHATTER was accorded a
magnificent public reception
• \en!ng at the Palace.
Although the distinguished
\as scheduled to ar-
I 9 p. in., the crowd began to
gather in the courtyard long before
time. At half past 8 the parlors
tilled with those who had re-
Invitations. The reception com
-:<ti:i^ of I 1") citizens promi
nent in ev.^ry walk of life, gathered
around the large table In the center
(<( the room and at 8:45 the major gen
eral made his appearance, accompa
. his aid*. Captain W. H. Mc-
Kittrick. Captain E. TI. Plurrimer, Ma
jor R. H. Noble and Colonel F. M. Cox.
The party was preceded by the Vet-
Guard, Grand Army of the Re
who marched twenty-five
The general, escorted by
May. r Phelan, Immediately took his
f the prirlor, to-
H'ith his staff, and commenced
shaking the hands of those who had
iled t" greet him. The hand
g lasted over half an hour and
availed themselves of the
The conqueror nf over 24,
---.iards went through the ordeal
ully. There was much intensity
'ing in the clasp of his strong
md for persona] acquaintances
he added a kind word or two.
Among the representatives of the
regular army present were Major Ed
ward Field; Colonel C. B. Compton,
Fourth Cavalry; Lieutenants William
S. McNear and Buttner, Third Artil
lery: Lieutenant Colonel Wagner,
Fourth Cavalry; It. ftfosely, surgeon,
am] Lieutenant Floyd Harris. Retired
ant C 'l Joseph Ktewart of
urth Artillery, dressed in the
uniform in vogue during the Civil
War, stood with General Shaf-ter as
the latter received the guests.
THE WATERS OF THE STATE.
Great Importance of the Miners'
Association Meeting To-Day.
The mating to be held to-day in the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STORIES OF RELIEF.
Two Letters to Mrs. Plnkham. .
Mrs. .Tonx Williams, English town,
N. J.. -.'■••
" Dear .Mis. Fi.vrham: — I canrot be-
g-in to tell yon how J. suffered before
taking your remedies. I was so weak
that i could hardly walk across the floor
without falling. I had womb trouble
and such a bearing-down feeling ; also
suffered with my hack and limbs, pain
in womb, iniiammation of the bladder,
piles and indigestion. Before I had
LydiaE. I'inkham's
Lponnd 1 felts, great deal
better, and af'cr taking two and one-
ha.if bottles and half a box of your
Liver Pills 1 was cured. If more would
t.ike your medicine they would Dot
have to suffer so much."
M^. Joseph PBTBBSOS. 513 East St.,
Warren, I'a., v.
"Dxas Mbs. PikjuiaJi:— l have suf-
-1 with womb trouble over fifteen
years, i had inflammation, enlargo-
ment and displacement of the womb.
I had the backache constantly, al.o
headache, and was so dizzy. 1 had
heart trouble, it secm< d as though my
heart was in my throat at times chok-
ing me. I could not V/alk around and
.1 could not lie down, for then uiy heart
would beat so fast ] would feel as
though I was smothering". I had to
•pit up in bed nights in order to breathe.
I was so weak 1 "onld not do any-
thing.
'I have now taken several bot-
tles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and used three pack-
ages of Sanative Wash, and can say
I am perfectly cured. Ido not think
I could have lived long if Mrs. Pink-
ham't, medicine had aot helped me."
Several Mexican War veterans were
there, including C. Lange, Captain
William Duncan, Major John L. Brom
ley, Major E. A. Sherman. John A.
Cooper and Ferdinand Meyers.
After the handshaking was com
pleted Mayor Phelan escorted General
Shafter to a platform on the first floor
lorrtdor and at once introduced him
to the multitude which crowded into
every available space in the court and
galleries. In the following words:
•'fellow citizens: I present to you our
distinguished general who has re
turned home. He left this depart
ment for the seat of war and now re
turns voluntarily to us."
General Shafter, tn clear voice and
with little attempt at oratory, in re
ply to an outburst of applause said:
' 'Mr. Mayor, friends and fellow citi
zens: I thank you for this apprecia
tion of the work I have done for you
during the past year. That my ac
tions are approved by you is mani
fested by your presence and cheers.
This Is hardly the time to the
question of the late war which re
dounded Ro vastly to the glory of this
great nation, but I wish to present a
few salient points for your considera
tion In regard to the problem with
which 1 was confronted when I as
sumed command.
"1 had to land an army of 17,000 men
on a coast somewhat similar to the
coast in this harbor. I had to attack
a garrison of 8500 men, with the best
fleet of Spain anchored in the harbor
capable of training its guns on any
pan of the city. They were secure
from our fleet by reason of the tor
pedoes in the tortuous channels.
Eight thousand of the flower of
Spain's troops were marching to re
inforce a force of 21,000 men, of which
only 3000 got in.
"We had the diseases of the climate
to combat, 10>0 of our men having been
laid low by the dread yellow fever. I
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce under
the auspices of the California Miners' As
sociation seems to be the beginning of one
j of the largest movements that has been
started in this State for many years. For
some time past those given to observation
have come to the conclusion that the
wholesale destruction of the forests is
responsible for many of the floods in
some years and not a little suffering of
the farmers and miners for lack of water
in others. That something must be done
to remedy these evils is rapidly Impress
| Ing the minds of the thinking people. A
number of progressive hodies have taken
up the subject, and last- of these is the
miners' association.
The committee on the conservation of
water met yesterday In the office of Sur
veyor General Cleaves/ and a long dis
cussion was indulged In as to what should
I be the general direction of the meeting
to-day— whether it should be purely from
the miners' standpoint or a general move-
I ment for the benefit of the whole coast
i and every industry. Attention was called
to the fart that 362 commercial bodies of
the State had been invited to take part
in the deliberations of the meeting, and
I the committee decided that the movement
i should not be confined to any one indus
try.
The resolution was that the miners
should amalgamate with every industry
in California, for what will benefit one
will be of equal benefit to all. Hence the
discussions to-day will be on very broad
| lines, in which . the farmer, horticultur
ist, vlticulturlst, manufacturer and miner
I will be vitally interested. The conserva
-1 tion of water, therefore, will be for power,
i light, heat, Irrigation and mining, to say
nothing of the efforts that will be made
to devise ways and moans to prevent or
make less destructive the occasional floous
of the mountain streams.
THE BURGLAKIOUS TENOR.
Jules Simonsen Held on Four
Charges ana Another Booked
Against Him.
Jules Slmonsen, tenor, or, as he Is
known to the police. James Stewart, bur
glar and porch climber, was yesterday held
to answer by Judge Conlan on four more
charges of burglary In- $5000 bonds on each
charge. The complaining witnesses were
Mrs. Sylvinn Salomon, 1842 Butter street;
Mrs, Gabriel Abrams, 1144 Turk; Mrs.
James B. White, 1233 Eddy, and Mrs. L.
Ileieclc, 1928 Ellis. Pawnbrokers also gave
evidence as to the defendant pawning, ar
ticles of jewelry with them, and one of.
them, Jacob Cohen. 785 Mission street,'
said that when defendant called at' hi*
place and gave the name of William* he
told him that he had seen him singing In
"Suzette" at. the Tlvoll.
Another charge of burglary was entered
against Slmonsen yesterday i afternoon.
He is accused of entering the house of W.
Q. Pardee, 1832 Ellis street, on January 6
and stealing an overcoat, a batty 's ring
«nd a razor, which were -found among the
THE SAN FRA!S r CISCO CAM;, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
landed my troops on June 22, 23 and
24. and on July 3 the fight was over,
Cervera's fleet destroyed and Santi
ago was at my mercy. We must
stand amazed at the strength, tenac
ity and ferocity of the men who at
tacked the Spanish troops. I mnde
up my mind that if you want to hurt
anybody you must get up to where
he can be hurt.
"As to the assertions that mistakes
were made during the Cuban cam
paign I emphatically state that no
mistakes or blunders were made and
the results proved it. Seventeen thou
sand men compelled 24,446 of the best
troops of Spain by actual count to
surrender. As to artillery. I had more
artillery than I knew what to do with.
The loss was twenty-two officers and
2"n men killed. 1203 men and eighty
eight officers wounded. Disease car
ried off 282 men. It was a great many
men to give to Cuba, but the loss waa
as nothing compared with the losses
of thirty-five years ago.
"It now rests with the American
people to say what they will do with
what the war has forced upon them.
We need have no fear as to the course
which our Congress is now pursuing.
It has coped with every emergency in
the past and will be equal to the oc
casion now.
"This glorious victory has brought
us peace let us hope for all time. It
is a great blessing that the horrors of
war and death are happily ended, let
us hope forever. I thank you for the
welcome."
After a vigorous "Three cheers for
General Shafter!" he and his party re
turned to the parlors, where they were
photographed by flashlight; a little
more handshaking way indulged in and
the reception was over.
The crowd was exceedingly orderly
and excellently handled by Captain
Spillane. Sergeants Brophy and Con
boy and a squad of forty-live men.
articles in his room by the detectives and
identified yesterday by Pardee. •
Captain Bohen believes that Simonsen
was also the burglar who entered the resi
dence of J. A. Killmori; of the Southern
Pacific and stole $125 and a gold watch
worth $500 from his pockets while he was
asleep. Simonson will not admit that he
i is the man, but there arc certain facts in
Captain Bohen's possession that make
! him morally certain that Simonsen did the
job.
A POSITION FOR LIFE.
J. M. Gleaves Jr. Is Now on the Civil
Service List.
James M. Gleaves Jr., son of the Sur
veyor General, was the recipient of a dis
patch yesterday that caused him to feel
very much elated, and he has been busy
shaking hands with his friends who
learned of his good luck. Mr. Gleaves Jr.
has been employed In the office of his
father as chief deputy, and as a rule the
holder of that position goes out of office
with his superior. The young man Is an
exception to the rule, for the telegram he
received gives the. Information that he has
a life position in the Federal Government.
The good news came In the form of the
following: " •■,::.;■
WASHINGTON, January 19, 1899.
James M. Gleaves Jr., cam Surveyor Gen
eral'B office, San Francisco: Have selected you
regularly under civil service rules from eligible
Hut as chief clerk, Surveyor General's office,
for permanent appointment. Letter follows.
Accept congratulations.-
WINGER HERMANN.
ComrnlfFloner General Land Office.
Postal People for Manila,
The Postofllee Department has detailed
William ft. Jones, George H. Wheeler,
Joseph A. Fealy; George S. Hay-man, Alf
M. Learned, M. S. Parson, Ferdinand H.
Cullundan, Roy Feathcrir.gill, J. V. Morj
trlcs and Cornett Stark to proceed to Ma
nila and assist in the management of the
Postofnce stations in the Philippines, The
three last named are from the Texas dl
.vision of the railway mull v service and
speak Spanish. The party will leave this
city on the 23th lnst. on the Morgan City.
■ Mr. Jones will take charge at Hollo as
Boon at; Aguinaldo : retires and Mr. Whee
ler will take hold at •'■ivlte. .. v
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct fromoceftn.
Wanted to Die.
Charles Pnrron. a rook living at 21 Turk
street, turned on the gas In his room yes
terday and WU taken to the Receiving
Hospital in an unconscious condition. He
will recover. He has been a sufferer for
years from norvous diseases and it mado
him despondent.
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three others. Try it •
SPECIAL SATURDAY BARGAINS!!
I — -— S®(sXs)®®<^®®(s^^ ; ' fa
$ " S®®®®^i>SS<S<Si®®®'S^ ■ *
I CJIJr npn^rfmpnf i For the special benefit of our Saturday mr n i nrp J |W. C /; nn J c §
I MIX liepartfflent patrons, who have learned to expect extraordi- Ulored »KSS UOOOS. §
I f^t™ ano STK.P- nary choice values, we present the following *&igg£sgg&i
>s •tiJ-' &ij_<iiv, goou value tur out, AND P I O TI RF n nRP<? <?
.TS?S£ -- Extraorflmary Attractions m SeasonaWe Goods s^^;!™ be 1
FETA, good value for 75c; sale ; , - 72 pieces 40-inch CHEVIOT DRESS f
I SOcaYard. OPEN .THIS EVENING UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK. . . ?e O c?s D !o™??Kc! n m ?S-4" I
I BLACK DUCH^isE SATIN (all — — — — — _f tjc^a jSS* On S^ eclal sale I
I price', °° d value £ ° r 85c: sale SPECIAL LINES SPECIAL LINES IN_CHILDREN'S DOSE At Bo ~cents. |
f 65c a Yard. BLACK DRESS GOODS At lOC. 53 pieces 46-inch FINE ALL-WOOL I
I COLORED TAFFETA SILK, all 65c figured SICILIAN.;* inches wide, wiu 10 ■^"HOSB^i^Snfffi^Hh? SS alf cSofs!" val™ GocTySd 1
| shades, finest quality, good value be closed out at ■ heavy, all sizes. Vt iS ?the wiir. 111 * Ktim will be offered at 60c a yard. ' f
0 for 85c; sale price, 35 C Yard. -1 ~^ m ®
1 75c a Yard. __ ; At 25c. At 75 Cents. ¥
X 100 dozen CHILDREN'S CASHMERE HOSE. 39 pieces SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL X
/ft FANCY PLAIDS, CHECKED AND $1 00 FRENCH BOUCLE. 62 Inches wide, In all a/jt black, made to sell at 3r,c; the pair BROADCLOTH new colors ex- fa
f STRIPED SILK, good Value for pure wool. Sale price will be sold at SBc___ tra value for % { 00 a yard, ' will
_ $1.25; sale price, • 50C Yard. - » t Q/ , be placed on sale at 75c a yard. q
S ;-'';*■;■.■; qq c a Yard. oC> — —
X . C * | ': 600 dozen LADIES" FAST BLACK SEA ISL- At 65 Cents. @
® 24-inch BLUE AND WHITE AND $100 ENGLISH CHEVIOT 47 inches wide, ex- A ££ N <£mlf tar ?L B SiJ in B ni£ lc £; 27 pieces 44-inch NOVELTY BRO- 1
# BLACK AND WHITE TAF- tra heavy, all wool, will be closed out at c pair bed * for to-day only) at CATELLE FRENCH PLAIDS. ®
0 FETA SILK, good value for 50c Yard. * . • newest designs, former price X
♦ $1.25; sale price, . . At -45c. 5125 a yard, on special sale at s
® $1.00 a Yard. $10 STORM SERGE. SI inches wide, la all 10 ° s?ffs,^ A 2i E A s " EXTRA HEAVY JERSEY 65c a yard. 0
% wool, extra good value. Sale price RIBBED GRAY FLEECE LINED VESTS -J ta^r- „„♦= S
f 24-inch BLACK DUCHESSE --_ v«nrl selling at 45c each. At 75 Cents. ®
0 SATIN, good value for $1.25; . uov _lf lu> C,. O /.;-| Vol« a !- I inicc* rnnccrc 22 pieces 46-inch FRENCH NOV- ©
1 «ie price, _ _ _„„ CRF^^ 44 inchpg wld^ „ Spec.al Value 10 LADIES CORSETS. p elty suiting. Crepon I
X $1.00 a Yard. l tra heavy. In a variety of designs. Sale price _ . -- weaves, new designs regular |
A . 7^r V«nH A^ <OC. price $1 25 a yard, will be closed X
± BLACK FIGURED GROS GRAIN * OC> * ** 1 U * 100 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, latest French out at 75c a yard. <5
© SILK, good value for $1.50; sale ."•;: style single bone strip lace trimmed, black _ ' ~ , 0
I pri^™ v MEN'S FURNISHINGS. and drab, will be on sale at 75c. /\t 9O Cents. |
I $i,oo__Yard. , MEN S FURNISHINGS. SPECIAL-KID GLOVES. " ; --- = i
* FANCY STRIPED AND CHECK- At . OC. • price $1 25, will be placed on $
9 ED TAFFETA SILK. good Two lots of men's large sized FANCY At 65C. " Sale at 90c a yard - ®
fa value for $1.50; sale price, bordered hemstitched handker- ioo dozen ladies 1 2-clasp ■■hapvapiv' — _ "^7"-»_-
f $l._ssaYard- ; S'SS I^^^ At $1 - 3S ' ®
«-<._^^7 « » c** and ,l2%c, wm be closed out this day at 6o green, blue, butter, heliotrope and white; 13 pieces 44-inch HIGH-CLASS <?>
!« *♦ T~i~. , .: At~ioc also black; good value for $1: will be on onK AND WOOL FRENCH 0
I - i. ,¥ ' - . Af~"iflr EP ec,al sale at 65c_a_palr. (Odd 8 .ze 8 .) ISSdS^ SeSnt de«l££ ?S I
x I #i/f4/\o 7 10/"»lr/\Tr» jV v- ; .^: ML lutt A . <_, nrk *, -._, duced from $2 a yard to $1 35 a>£
® I /lillPX I/lrliPT^ ' The balance of our winter stock of 25c and At 5t)1.0U 3 Pail*. yard %
♦ L/tIUIVO tltlVA-WiO 35c TEOK SCARFS (of which we had over LADIES' 2-CLASP "MARGUERITE" EXTRA «
0 1000 dozen) will be closed out this day at QUALITY PRIME LAMB GLOVES colors ' <§>
14 /j 10c each. oxblood, tan, mode, green, brown, slate .§■
n#l/l I OMAn pearl, butter and white: also black; worth — • • — v i *•(<>)
and tapes, much less than manu- ESa«.& j --* - Domestic Department I
* . FACTURERS',COST. At $1.25 a air ; ¥ I
/\t $3.45! We close out to-day an accumulation of about 32 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP NEWPORT GEN. OTTTT\ T G FLANNEL a heavy X
LADIES' BLACK BOIICLE g ■ SSiffffgSaifSSff 8535*. .^InS f
CLOTH JACKETS, value for than coat of manufacture. pair. . - v »*»«»■ a large range of colorings; the fa
$6; sale price, $3.45 each. . , ■ 8 I'3c1 ' 3c grade; on sale X
_. $495 ~~~~ ' ~ ~~" ' /Xt 5c Yard. f
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACK- £mI Sc— OSMAR CASHMERE, 27 inches V
ETS, value for $8.50; sale price, __&,. wide, a heavy twilled cloth. 0
$4.95 each. ißfff^. suitable for ladies' wrappers, <£
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACK- /\ /V _*|_l _S_T _f / At Sc Yairc %
%. f eta 'silk; value for $15; sale /I / _ _r7jß W_^ W _f —^"""S BED. COMFORTERS, full
price, $9.75 each. /M/ MM \Jls / f/w4 t\ff J& I double bed size, heavy and (i)
X I 13 cl «* off _. _». * \j/fjBW /._, warm; actual value Sue; on sale •;■
I LADIES^ F?N?Y BRAIDED j m mJa// Mm /TUmWm —^ At SOc eooh. '' I
(f) LADIES 1 FANCY BRAIDED IKg BsfflB» /BJl^JSF/S jB M^StM /i _CT _^(L ®
¥ JACKETS, value for $20; sale \M \ f&IJS^ I wiua&/ M-4Ls4tljm^Ms i BULjBI /I BED COMFORTERS, double ¥
® price, $12 each. >«P« JM^T^f JQ&j&r (frfP&T&^f yS&F^r f bed S ' Ze " fine white filling; the (?)
1 At $9.75. /lih*Sss£t/ / $ At ade 75c al Each. f
0 LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, value for /MB / I f*'*^ / ;-» ®
%. $15; sale price. $9.75 each. /miM __ - . . «%* (f( , . >. / 90c— BED COMFORTERS, well §;
X / Ml if MariTPT mfiAC JHlfl IvirAlliQfPf SIQ / tufted, pretty patterns, pure £
1 At $12.50. ifflff fflOliiei, JOOCS ttUU niwAiiiMcr JWt, / _ hite fining,, the soft, fluffy J
X LADIES' plush capes, value for [/? \jt 6c&n Friinffl«i?tN ' / kind; worth $1 15; on sale t
$20; sale price, $12.50 each. • At 9Oc Each.
SAN FRANCISCO'S
GREATEST ART EVENT!
TODAY
At 11 A. M. and 3 P. M.
125 GEARY STREET,
/djoining City of Paris f^
Dry Goods Company. j<«j^
FOURTH DAY'S SALE Jiff
AT AUCTION OF THE «!&.
FERDINAND ROSSI MML
COLLECTION OF **fflK*
RARE ART TREASURES,
Use f^jk Be
Woodbury's fcf*^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, %>/ Facial Cream,
All blood disorders, skin and scalp diseases,
and nervous affections, no matter from what
cause or of how long standing, %re success-
fully treated without the use of mercury or
other poisonous drugs by JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163 State
st., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive sample each of Facial Soap or
Facial Cream, free. ,
Life's Vanished Joys
are the continual source of misery to those who
! suffer from nervous debility and prostration
They never cease mentally comparing them-
selves with the rosy-cheeked women or stalwart
men that come in their way.
GLOOM, FORUEI'FITLNESS AND
UKSPAIK sometimes drive them to Insanity,
or elte into the grip of some chronic ailment
like consumption. Vitality being crnshed in
them they merely endure life. THEY DO
NOT REALLY LIVE!
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
Repair the Rh&ttered'and enfeebled nerve system.
They purify the blood, make bright and hap-
py eyes, bring sleep and appetite, impart rigor
and potenoy to every function, stop evil dreams,
wasting dlneates and all effects of excesses and
indiscretions; restore falling memory, in a word,
they rc-vltallxe young and old of either sex,
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at $3.50, a
Box Renews tiuararfteed Cure or'
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mulled on receipt of prico by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton R» : '.dlnr. Chicago. 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oaklaad.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
m^^Anj, WHEN YOU
/«^P^fr^^^^ Require an ELEC-
StesL^^LsaJSi 1 " 810 BELT ? 8t " Dr '
pierce and you will i
'^^JrfcT^v* not be disappointed. |
'*/ift^ z • Call or address PIERCE
'V ELECTRIC CO.. 620
B»rk«« si. (opp. Mace Hote).-S."F.''-'
/J?*"*>\ LADIES do ion not
V *jU^f DR. FELIX LE BRU N f I
*y^ *\ Steel 1 Pennyroyal Treatment j
- v 7^" J is the original and only FRENCH, j
.- 1 .' f safe and reliable oure on the mar- j
y "-vket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail, j
\T \ Genuine sold only by V |
QEO. DAHLBENDER ■ & CO., - Sola ' Amenta,
Hi Kearnr it., Ban FraacUco, • , «• — •
TALKING THROUGH
HIS HAT
The man is who tells you that he can
rival our laundry work in beauty or
general satisfaction to the wearer. * We
keep on top in up-to-date laundry
methods, and we take special pains to
please each individual patron in the ex-
quisite finish and general renovation
of their linen. Care in handling is our
watchword.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephona
South 420
I 1 *' PALACE w|
ZGRAND hotels*
q . BAH FRANCISCO. 2
* Connected by a covered passageway. J
D MOO Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 5
D Ail Under On« Managtment. C
D KOTIt TBS PRICES: 4
p. ESnropoan Plan. sl.oo per day and ap^rmr4 n
9 American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward WJ
[> Correspondence Solicited. A
g JOSH 0. EIBKPA7SICK, Xoa»g«r. -
(ooooopoooaooooo oS
dkmcnulty:
riiHIS WELI^KNOWIS AND BELIABr.EOLD
' J. Specl»llstcure« Private, Nervous. and Blood Dis-
eases o/ M<<» only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weulcnensea of Men. free. Over 2py'ni' experience.
PntlentscuredßtHome. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dnliy;6.3otoB:;tO ev'gs. Suuday», 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROBCOE McXl'IiTY. M.D.
SG'.j Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
PCnlebettcr's English Diamond Brand. ■ • - '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_/g^ Original in Only Genuine. A
f4/rt' i ~\ •»re, •ilvkji reiUblo. ■ ladicb aik «L\
f*.jT\ VKt«i rTUßgi"* for Chith'ttn ■» Bngliih fi.a-fSX*.
j tft*iljSXJgwß\mond Brand la Ked and Gold ati%'.Uo\%BSr
T^ — »T>lijßpoies. tiralod with blue rihboa. Take VST
In 'S^ Wsno other. Rtfitst dangermii tvbstitu- ■ V -.;
I / ~ fffti&u and imitations. At Drugglitt, or nend 4«.
I W- JJU in ttampi for -particaUri, fftlmoclili! »nil
XV* fa "Belief for tndleo," in Utter, by return
■Jw ''■ If Hall. 10,000 Ti-ttimonmli. /fame Paper.
_ "I Chemical Co.,Mndl»o«i
fc!a >J mU Local Dra;gl«tJ. Pflil -\>Hl. . I'A
+'.^^tUOltei2*nM "' s Gis a non-poisonon*
A<*^t^r^^^mtt remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JBfi^ CDKEsj^HB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£3rBF In ito 5 ria.T«.\gJ Whites, unnatural dig-
WjOi ' acaranu-ed V charges, or any inflnmma-
/P»3 not to itrie'.urr. tion, Irritation or ulccra-
I >— igPreTenta contagion. tion of xnucoug mem.
9?BITHEEVANSCHEMm«Lno. Cranes. Non-astringent.
.' (8& LciNOINNATI.O Sold by l>rass»u.
V 3 j.' JB&i or ient ' n fain wrapper,
/QBlW' ' *I^r!H fiy exprew. prepaid, for
S5 V la 1 1 - 00 . fir ■' bottlui, *2.7&.
> *asHaa?*V'' ■ Circaiar fsnt ou rw>.cis%
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
; CO. j European plan. Room?, 60c to SI .'.O day;
i $5 to $S week; IS to $30 month. Free bathe; not
I and cold water every. room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.,
>fSS\DEWEY,STRONG &CQ.^?gV
E ?PATJENTS^ i)
VJS^33O MARKET ST. S.F.VSS*
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
THE GREAT SUCCESS,
YON YONSON.
NOTE— Owing to the Demand for Seats There
Will Be Given a
SPECIAL MATINEE SUNDAY.
EXTRA— BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
HOYT'S
A CONTENTED WOMAN.
With Beautiful
BELLE ARCHER
AT THE HEAD OF THE STRONGEST CAST
EVER ORGANIZED.
SEATS NOW READY.
COLUMBIA^
Last Time Sunday. Matinee To-Day.
FRANK DANIELS
In the Great Comic Opera Success,
The IDOL'S EYE
Beg. NEXT MONDAY— Week of
FRANK DANIELS
AND HIS COMPLETE COMIC OPERA CO.
FIRST TIME HERE OF
THE WIZARD OF THE NILE
TPA7AD SKATS BTPHOKB
AL,UAZ,AK Main 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES OF
I-f T' £5
A
TEMPERANCE
TOWN!
Next West. ■■ ."MEN AND WOMEN."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr. j
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE TRIUMPH!
THE MERRY COMIC OPERA.
The Wedding Day
Presented by
THE STRONGEST SINGING COMPANY IN
AMERICA.
FUN FAST AND FURIOUS.
POPULAR PR1CE5. ....:.'..... ......2jc and 50c
'N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee, 23c.
'; Our telephone. Bush 9. : fc .j
« ar> f /-> INGLESIDE
Sim K^.J mJLs m TRACK.
"The grandest racing: plant In America."—
Chicago Chronicle. . . ■ ■ . ■
FIVE OR MORE I >
RACES DAILY I
SATURDAY— STEEPLECHASE— Short Course.
SATURDAY — THE LAKESIDE STAKES.
Selling. : Three-year-olds and upward. Mile and
a half. ■ ' ■--
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round-trip ticket*. 25 cents.-
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny street!
every three minutes. '
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
■ S. N. ANDROUS, ■ President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. ••■■ ■ -■•_.■ ~; ; •-../■;
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
-. Formerly the Popular Bush.
THE LAUGHING Error THE SEASON!
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES
Of the Latest and Best of All Comedies,
TWO MARRIED MEN!
BRIM FULL OF SPARKLING WIT.
PRETTY GIRLS,
FUN, MUSIC AND BONG.
If you want to laugh Q[T „ TWO
If you have the blues \\\ MARRIED
If you need a tonic V/LL. MEN!
REMEMBER MATINEE TO-DAY.
BEAUTIFUL DOLL SOUVENIRS GIVEN AWAY.
FAMILY MATINEE TO-MORROW (Sunday).
Prices, 16c, 25c, 35c. 50c. Matinees, only 150
and 25c. Seats on sale Box Office and Em-
porium. January 23— The favorite play, "TEN-
NESSEE'S PARDNER."
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, Jan. 21.
Parquet, any seat, 25e. Balcony, 10c Chil-
dren, 10c any part of house.
10— NEW VAUDEVILLE .MONARCH*—
THE FOUR ARBRAS, Musical Acrobats;
THE THREE AVOLOS, Xylophone Wonders;
MAX CINCINNATI, Comic Juggler; JOHNNIE!
CARROLL and ADDIE CRAWFORD. In the
Comedy, "Opening His ■ Eyes"; GEORGH
EVANS; VOULETTE and CARLOS; BARTON
HILL and CHARLES WILLARD, Assisted by
ELLA SOTHERN and LUCILA NUNN;
KRAUSE and ROSA and the "Dutch Picka-
ninnies"; PAPINTA, PAPINTA— New Dances:
New Electric Light Effects.
GREAT SPORT
AT
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY
And SUNDAY,
72-DOG STAKE
THIRTY-SIX RACES EACH DAT. ;
JOHN GRACE, Judge; , JAMES GRACE,
Slipper. •
ADMISSION 23c. LADIES FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESOBTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1893-99.. beginning MONDAY,
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. 4, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. jj Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ' .
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
Baseball! ll^*™!!
FAREWELL GAMES — -
SEATTLE VS. ATHLETICS
TO-DAY AT 3P. M. SUNDAY AT 2:15 P. M.
Weekly CaU.SI.OO per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver uncharged. • J
Wheat and Barley weak and dull. • 1
Oat*. Corn and Rye inactive. J jj
Beans and Seeds unchanged. , 4 ; it.
Hay and Feedstuffs weak. . : : 5
Potatoes lower. Onions unchanged. '. ■ .
Butter and Eggs off again.
Turkeys plentiful. Other Poultry firm.
Game about the same.
Fine Apples firm.
Fresh Mexican Limes arrived.
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Nothing new In Provisions.
Hops and Wool quiet.
Hides firm and selling well.
Mutton a shade higher.
Beef easy and Pork steady.
Coal about the same as before.
Increased shipments of Wine.
SHIPMENTS OF WINE.
Shipments of Wine from this port In IS9B
were 12,057, gallons by. rail and 4,r,53,354 gal
lons by sea. Total, 16,610,982 gallons, against
15,155,330 during 1897.
WEATHER REPORT. ;
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.) '■
X- SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 20. 6 p. m.
Following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
us compared with those of same date last sea
eon and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 .... 17.83
Bed Bluff 0.00 13.05 6.62
Sacramento 0.00 7.85 6.2S
Ban Francisco 0.00 7.67 5.12
Fresno 0.00 3.72 2.30
San Luis Obispo O.(K> C.92 2.52
Los Angeles 0.00 2.88 3.77
Pan Diego 0.00 3.41 2.94
I'uma 0.00 1.33 1.02
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
€2: minimum, 45; mean, 62.
.WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy from Cen
tral California and Nevada northward and
eastward to the Rocky Mountains. Light rain
has fallen in Washington, Northern and East
ern Oregon and snow In Idaho. The pressure
Is hirhest In Southern Idaho and lowest in
Northern Montana. The changes have been
very slight.
There has been a general but slight rise in
temperature over the entire Pacific Slope.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight Saturday, January 21, 1899:
Northern California—Fair Saturday; light
variable winds.
Southern California-Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm; light west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday.
Utah—Partly cloudy Saturday.
Arizona—Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Saturday;
light variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamalpais-Cloudy: wind
northwest, 30 miles; temperature. 58; maximum
temperature, CO. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
basternliarkets.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— A rush of belated In
vestors to-day brought the total transactions
to over a million and a quarter shares, the
larger of the present movement and next to
the largest In the history of the exchange.
The prices attained to-day were generally the
highest In y>-ars and the net gains were ma
terial in many shares and fractional advances
for the rest of the list. The London market
wss firm and the public absorption of securl-
ties was large and confident in the local mar
ket. There was a period of realizing before
noon and short selling as well as realizing after
delivery hour, but prices picked up rapidly in
the final dealings and the market ended with a
very good tone. The buying of commission
houses was liberal and extended to a great
variety of shares. New York Central made
an extreme rise of 5% and gossip was revived I
of a closer amalgamation of Central and North
western railways. Union Pacific preferred was
up an extreme 3 a i on talk of the future plans
of the 'Tanderbllts in connection with that
property. Manhattan rose 5% and Metropolitan
3%, the possibility being discussed of those
roads working harmoniously. Manhattan, how
ever, lost l\ of its earlier advantage. There j
were substantial advances in American Steel !
and Wire, International Paper, New York Air !
Brake, Sugar. Leather and Consolidated Gas.
It was announced that Consolidated Gas had
disposed of a large block of treasury stock,
which had been hanging over the market. The
Grangers were up from fractionally to over
& point, with St. Paul leading, and all at
tained higher record figures In the current
movement except Burlington, which was within
% of the best. Missouri Pacific displayed con
siderable strength after a long period of com- !
parative Inactivity, on the Idea that the an
nual report, which will be published before
long, may be favorable.
The bond market developed exceptional
activity, transactions footing up $9,."!G.",000. - The
course of prices was notably upward through
out, especial features of strength being Atch
ison adjustments, Erie generals and Manhat
tan consols. Many of the less active issues
registered material improvements, Kansas and
Texas s's exceptionally. jumping 8 points.
"United States s's coupon advanced % in the
bid price. .
The total sales of stocks to-day were 1,250.
--000 shares, including: Atchlson. 52,730; do pre
ferred, 100,220; Central Pacific, 6300; Burlington
17,860; Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 5600-
Great Northern preferred, 3370; Illinois Cen
tral. 10.846; Louisville and Nashville. 27 000-
Manhattan. 110,500; Metropolitan. 11.S20; Mis
souri Pacific, 55,500: New York Central, 48 200-
Northern Pacific, 25,000; do preferred. 17 000-
Rock Island. 20,820; Union Pacific, 29,800- do
preferred, 51.200; St. Paul. 37,800; Southern Pa
cific, 11,350; Southern. 7100; do preferred. 12 600-
AN abash preferred. SSOO; Paper, 16,455; Tobacco
19,«80; Steel, 25.900; do preferred, 8500; People's
Gas. 18,000; Consolidated Gas, 8900; Brooklyn
Transit, 45.000; Lead. 43.000; Pacific Mail, 10 300-
Fugar, 56,920; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 13.550 :
Leather preferred, 8590; St. Louis and South
western erred, .3260: Chicago Great West
ern, 15,725: Western Union, 15,000; Reading pre
ferred, 19,300.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 23 St Louis & S F.... 9U
Do prefd.;..'...... 60% Do prefd 67%
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 Do 2d prefd.... 35%
Canada Pacific 85 St Paul 125»4
Canada Southern.. 57% Do prefd 168
Cent Pac 47 St P & 0m. ...'.'.'." 99
Ches & Ohio 26% Do prefd 169
Chi & Alton 169 St PM & M.. 180
Chi B & Q I3S» 4 So Pacific. 38
Chi & E 111 64 So Railway 1311
Do prefd 114% I Do prefd 48' i
Chi G W 15% Texas & Pacific.... 17»i
Chi Ind & L St, Union Pacific 47%
Do prefd 33 Do prefd 7774
Chi & N W........147 UP D & G... 12-2
Do prefd 188 Wabash ........ .-. &£
Coml Cable 1»3 Do prefd 9374
CCC& St 1 47 Wheel & L E...... «
Do prefil 95 Do prefd.. 071/
Del & Hudson 111% Express Companies-
Del L & w I.V* Adams Ex 108%
Den & Rio <; 29% American- Ex...... 13.1
Do prefd 72% United States.. . . M
Erie (new) 35% Wells Fargo 125
Do lsr prefd 40% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 182 A Cot Oil 36%
Gt No prefd,. ex-d. 163% Do prefd 89%
Hocking Val 2Ti Am Spirits 13
Illinois Cent 117% Do prefd. 36V4
Lake Erie & W.... 38% Am Tobacco '146*.
Do prefd :.. 63 Do prefd.: 137
Lake Shore 199 . Cons i Gas 193%
Louis & Nash 67% Com Cable C 0.... " S3
Manhattan L.. 116% Col F & 1r0n....... 34%
■ Met St Ry 196% Do prefd H2 *
Mich Cent ...112 Gen Electric....... 100
Minn & St.L 40 Haw Com C 0....:. a7'A
Do Ist prefd 98% Brooklyn R T...... 92-%
Mo Pacific 46% Intl Paper Csii
Mobile & Ohio 37 Do prefd.... M
Mo X & T 13% Laclede Gas.... "52
Do prefd 37% Lead •(■<',
N J Central 100% Do prefd ' '11431
N V Central 13lV t Nat Lin 0i1... kit
N V Chi &St L... 16 Pacific-Mai1:. ...... 46"!
,Do Ist prefd 74 People's Gas.: 112%
Do 2d prefd 39% Pullman Pal 157'
Nor West 19 Silver Certificates. 59%
No Amer Co 7 Standard R & T... 9»i
No Pacific 18% Sugar .....132
Northern Pac pfd. S0»» Do prefd..... ir»«
Ontario & W 19% TC & Iron.""" 39%
Or R & Nay 48 U 8 Leather....... 7%
Or Short Line 46% Do prefd.... 7<»i
Pac C Ist prefd.... $5 U S Rubber .. " 46U
Do 2d prefd 65 Do prefd .. 1141,
Plttisbarg 180 West Union....'.:" 95 "
Reading 22% Fed Steel C 0....... 54
Do Ist prefd 57% Do prefd 83%
*G W 32% Or Nay prefd...... 72%
Do prefd 72 Vac Coast. 48« i
Rock Island 120% Colo Southern 7%
St Louis & S W.... S% Do Ist prefd 54*4
Do prefd 21% Do 2d prefd 22
CLOSING BONDS.
\. ? :::J 10"- 4] X V Central 1et5. 116%
L S new 4s reg....129%iN .t C :.».. ....... m ?
Do coup 130% North Carolina 65. 130
Ij-S 4* 112% Do 4s 106
Do coup 113% No Pac jst.H .... '115
''" 2ds »4 Do 3s ..:........: 69-i
U B El reg 112% Do 4s 102*!
Do •■'S coup... ...113% N V C & S L 4»..107>i
District 3.65s 119 Nor & W Cs... 129
Ala class A 107 Northwest consois!l42%
Do B 107 Do deb :■» 122'J
Do C ICO O Nay lsts 11314
Do Currency ....100 ,'O Nay 4s . . ioS,f
Atchison 4s 102% 0 S Line 6s tr.'.'.'.livl
Do :i<lj 4s ........ 82% O S Line 6s tr....H0
Can So 2d 111' i Reading 4s ........ 8(174
c & o 4%s 93% n a W M 5.... "" 'V
OilcaKo Term 45.. 95 Bt LA- I M Con ss'lbi,
C & Ohio 65«........118%S L & S F Gen 6-; 123
c H & I) 4*l 104% St P Con ...... ..ifiu
T> & R G IMS 10i% St PC & F lid 1' r (
D & R G 4s 101 Do 5s 121
East Trnn lsts 104% So Ry 6s • .: ' logtt
Erie Gen 4s .76 Standard R&T 6s S9
F W S: D lsts tr.. S6 Term new set *s.. 'J6%
Gen Elec 6s 110 [Tex Pac L G Ists lift
G H & S A 65......10S Do Reg 2d5..:... 4C%
Do id? 107 Union Pac Is 104%
H & T C 5b... 110 IT P D & U Ists.. 90%
Do eon Cs ......110 WabaHh lt<t os ....115,
lowa C 15t5........ 40 Do 2ds ...... 99
La new consols 45.103 W Shore 1b ......;. 112
L & N'Uni 4s 96% Va Centuries 85%
Missouri 6s ........100 -Do deferred SVi
MK«■ T 2ds 69 Wls Cent Ufa) .... «0%
Do 4s .' 94% Colo Southern 45... 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 5 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 4S
Con Cal & Va.'. .. 125 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... 22 Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross.. 10 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homestake '....50 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 80 Union Con * 30
Mexican 28 1 Yellow Jacket 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestlngh Elec .... 44%
Call loans 2S3| Do prefd 63 1
Time loans 3®4 Ed Elec Tel I*s
Stocks— Atchison prefd CO
A T&S Fe I2"J Bonds —
Amor Sugar 182% Atchison 4s 101 'i
Do prefd -.....-..-.115 New England 65. ..114%
Bay State Gas 3'' 4 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 305 Allouez Mln C 0.... G%
Boston & Albany. .2ss Atlantic 34
Boston & Maine. .. 171 Boston & M0nt... .284
Boston L 86 Butte & Boston S.i
1 Chi Bur & Q ISS% Calumet Ac Hccla..6Sb
Fitchburg 115 Centennial 35 I
Gen E1ectric... .....100% Franklin 23%.
Mexican Cent .... 7% Old Dominion.. 38Vi
N Y& N Eng 100 Osceola ....: 90%
Old Colony 200 Qulncy 153%
Or Short Line 45% Tamarack 208
Rubber 46% (Wolverine 39%
Union Pae 47% Parrott 39' i
West End 85 (lumboldt 2%
Wla Cent 1% Union Land »V*
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The 6tocli markets here /were active to-day.
Americans were Etrong and active all day,
with a slight reaction at the close, but they
were buoyant In the street. The favorites
were St. Paul and " Atchfson preferred. The
only dull spot was Central Pacific.
Money is hardening. •
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 87 7 Grand Trunk, 7>;.
Bar sliver, 6teadj\ 27',;d per ounce. Money, 1
per cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: In the early part
of the week there was a. marked decrease in
the activity of speculation. Transactions at
the stock exchange fell off to 700,000 or 800,000
shares a day, and evidence of heavy realizing
sales was seen in some parts of the share
list. In the face of this the standard stocks
continued their advance and new high price
records were made In »he grangers and other
dividend payers. As was the case in the pre
ceding .week this movement was partly ' as
cribed to leading interests In the marUt, but
whatever Its origin, it had the effect of check
ing any wholesale liquidation and of attract
ing fresh outside purchases of stocks. London
was a seller and contributed to the halting tone
of the general market. At the same time the
1 speculation as a whole retained the character-
I istic marks of bullish excitement, and as- the
week wore on, renewed strength of a - decided
quality displayed itself in various parts of the
district. The iron stocks, were higher and more
active on the favorable 'accounts given of the
condition of the steel and iron industries, while
the street at large was duly impressed by the
phenomenally favorable character of the for
eign trade statement for the month of Decem
ber and the calendar year, 1898, issued by the
] Treasury department. The continuance of the
advance in the granger stocks aided in keep
ing up the bullish tendencies of the average
speculator and In adding new recruits to the
portion of the public which is taking part in
the market. Another powerful influence of a
favorable kind was the easing of the foreign
money markets, both London and the Conti
nental cities showing decided lower Interest
rates. Consequently, when the Bank of Eng
land discount rate was reduced % per cent
to 3% per cent, and the open market figures
fell to 2 per cent or less, accompanied by re
newed buying of American stocks for foreign
account, there was an immediate response on
this side. The volume of . transactions here
again ran on Thursday to over 1,000.000 shares,
for the day. and there was an advance in all
parts of the list, fresh high levels being
touched, not only by the standard stocks, but
the Pacific group and specialties of various
I kinds.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. .lan. 20.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
I Ings at all the principal cities for the week
i ended January 20. with the percentage of ln
j crease and decrease as compared with the cor
, responding week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,34fi.3?.2,800 M.4
i Boston 13.').127,089 16.4
(hlrago 125,4'i1,569 28.S
Philadelphia 102.1tf.217 31.2
! St. Louis 37,343,033 20.9
| i'lttsburg 24.U62.499 31.5 ....
1 Baltimore 24,1!<7,711 30.3 ....
San Francisco 16,403,847 3.2
i Cincinnati 16,i:.4.40') 12.1
I Kansas City 10,063,442 .... 5.6
New Orleans 12.369,261 .... in. 3
Minneapolis i0.3i8.y7i 49.6
Detroit 9.953,872 23.4
Cleveland 5.740,814 2.8
; Louisville 7\290,15'J 6.1
Providence 8,792,200 11.7
Milwaukee 5.226.K30 3.5
i St. Paul 4.655.431 17.2
Buffalo 5.181,254 18. »
Omaha 7,052,927 28.8
, Indianapolis 6,504,328 34.3
Columbus. 0 5,137.400 20.2
; Savannah 2,507,775 20.1
Denver 3,541,249 37.1
Hartford 8,371.919 3.5
Richmond 2,Mt7.809 8.6
'Memphis X.372.M1 .... 36.9
Washington 2,463,280 31.7
Peorla 1,938,615 20.4
Rochester 2,053,503 23.8
New Haven 1,877.745 13.5
• Worcester 1.653.M2 3.4
! Atlanta 1.345,726 13.2
! Salt Lake City 2,507,'J00 41.7
I Springfield. Mass.. 1,820.648 14.1
' Fort Worth 2,036.000 18.9
P.rtland. Me 1,2i5.4. r ,3 14.4
Portland, Or 1,727,491 6.8
St. Joseph 2.885.3W 60.1
Los Angeles 1,634.524 5.6
Norfolk 1.094,286 21.6
; Syracuse L2K,l7a li.l —
' Dcs Molnes 1,580.578 35.8
Nashville 1,417.652 13.1
'Wilmington. Del... 858,048 13. i
Fall River 522.450 .... 5.6
I Scranton 1.067.802 1.9
Grand Rapids 1.212.76* 11.9 ....
Augusta. Ga 697.056 .... I.S
Lowell 834,18!) 4-">
Dayton, 0 1.010.346 30.9
Seattle 1.271.054 3.4 ....
Tacoma 79..,49< 44
Spokane 900,954 18.7
i Sioux City f.,3,671 13.7
, New Bedford 757.41H 50.7
I Knoxvllle, Term.... 491.840 6.2
! Topeka 785,915 45.6
Birmingham 544.239 16.2
i Wichita 428.M3 8.1
! Blnghamton 420,100 11.7
: Lincoln 378.180 ».S
L.-xington. Xv 367,110 .... 2».3
| Jacksonville, Kla... 105,964 .... 4.8
Kalamazoo 437,780 37.4
Akron 425.400 5". 7
Bay City 235,199 9.3
Chattanooga 304.460 .... 16.7
Rockford. 11l 253.815 35.2
! Canton. 0 203.000
Springfield, 0 218.990 .... 16.7
FargO, N. D 247.530 44.4
Sioux Fulls. S. D.. 1H.534 10.6
Hustings, Neb 117,736 20.9
! Fremont. Neb 115.139 12.7
Davenport 664,880 24.1
Toledo 2.087,903 7.4
"Oalvetton 7.745.500 23.5
: ••Houston 6,347.469 .... 7.3
Toungstown 207.71S 16.4
! Macon r.48.000 .... 16.4
j •Evansville 800.781
liel-na 426,176
: •Little Rock 361,861
j Totals, U. S $1,996,.*>41,167 40.S
j Totals outside of
.\>\v York 650.205.367 16.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
; Montreal $13,R42.f52 .... 5.7
Toronto 8,831,303 6.5
Winnl f eg 1.663,339 J5.9
Halifax 1,257.618 17.2 *....
Hamilton 746.219 21.3
St. John, N. B 577.449 4.7
Vancouver 615.504
Victoria 600,509
Totals $26,918,810 1.0 . ~.
•Not Included in totals because containing:
j other Items than clearings.
! ••Not included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
BRADSTREETS REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: The i continued strength of
staple values, accentuated by further advances
this week in iron and steel and other metals,
in cotton at the South and in lumber at some
Western points, has undoubtedly added to the
confldence with which the outlook for the en
euing year Is regarded. That this confidence
hps a fair basis in fact will be gathered
from the reports received from the iron and
cotton trades, the firmness in cotton goods be
inrc of considerable interest In view of the
! depression ruling throughout the larger part < .f
I last year. Good trade advices from abroad, a
reduced movement at the South and a tendency
to pare down estimates are reflected In the
slight gain In raw cotton values this week!
The advance shown, however, hardly reflects
the urgency noted in the demand for the bet
ter grades of cotton, which this year are
scarcer than usual, owing to bad weather dur
ing the picking season. The iron trade situa
tion rnnalns. as for some time past, a feature
of absorbing interest. Large as the produc
tion of plgiron is eager buyers are found ap
parently for every ton offered. Most furnaces
are reported booked ahead on orders and >nmc
advances are frankly stated to be due to the
desire or the makers to discourage orders in
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
capable of fulfillment within any reasonable:
period. A strong; sidelight upon the strength
of Iron and steel the world over is offered by
the statement that iron in Glasgow this week
reached the highest prices noted for ten years ,
past. Features of the domestic ,; market have ■
been gains In prices of Bessemer and Southern
pig, . eteel billets, wire rods and steel nails,
and in addition copper, .lead and tin are all
higher. Little change is reportable in the (
market for cereals and the market for cash i
wheat still reflects the commanding position .
held by the United States as the supplier of
the world's wheat, notwithstanding the predlc- •
tlons of near-approaching competition J from
Argentina- and from Russia, shipments from :
which, particularly the latter, do not at all :
accord with the liberal estimates of production
published some little time ago.
The lumber trade at most markets Is ■in a
satisfactory condition. The strength of prices
is unimpaired and advances in white pine are
reported from the West, while In hard woods
values ' and confidence are alike unchanged. ;
Advices as to the general distributive trade :
are quite favorable. Raw wool is .dull but 1
steady. At the London sale prices have opened (
higher and the prediction is made that present '
American stocks of wool will have to be re- !
placed at a considerably higher range of values. :
The outlook in the boot and shoe trade is re- ]
garded as good and a fair business, is doing
at steady prices in hides and leather. ' '
: Wheat, including flour, ' shipments for the
week aggregate 6, 198,671 bushels, against 5,647,- ]
071 last week, 3,72.",. 064 in the corresponding ]
week of 1898, 2.91G.706 in 1897, 2,849,271 in 1896 ]
and 2,840,750 In 1895. Since July 1, this season, '.
the exports of wheat aggregate 139,234,719 bush- '.
els," against 141.468,865 last year. ■: ■ I
Business failures in. the United States, show
quite a decrease from last week, numbering
262, against 304 a week ago, 309 in this week a
year ago, 429 In 1897, 341 In 1896 and 312 in
1895. '
Business failures In the Dominion of Can- <
ada number 30, against 34 last week, 46 In this i
week a year ago, 57 in 1897, &2 in 1806 and 38 in
1595.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE. <
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s <
Weekly Review of Trade will say .to-morrow: '
A new year rarely opens brilliantly. Too
many traders have to wait for demand which
in winter comes slowly. The industries resist
fairly well the tendency to unlimited ex
pansion which some have to meet. Specula- j
tion in products is gaining but little, while
stocks' enormous volume of business results in
continually higher prices. The volume of pay
ments through the clearing houses is ex
traordinary. 42.7 per cent larger than last year, ':
96.9 per cent larger than in 1597 and 51.5 per
cent larger than in 1892, even the transactions
outside of New York showing a gain over 1592 ;
of 44. per cent. Speculation at New York
therefore cannot be the main cause of the gain.
Difficulties between holders of material and
manufacturers continue to hinder In some in
dustries and in some may prove seriously em
barrassing, but the activity is on the whole
unsurpassed hitherto and the volume of traf
fic is beyond all expectations.
In some branches consumption is running be
yond the producing capacity, nut in others It i
is as hindered by doubts about the future sup- '
plies and prices of materials. :
The woolen manufacturer is still waiting, | ,
with only a moderate demand for goods j .
as yet. The production is large and consid- i
erably larger than in recent years, but does '
not nearly approach the capacity of the mills. '.
Sales of wool for the past three week's at the I
three centers of the Eastern market have been i
16,495,000 pounds, against 22,322,000 last year, |
and prices of domestic fleece are lower with ; ,
present demand running largely to quarter and '
half blood Australian cross bred, but there is :
net enough change In material or in demand ;
for goods to encourage heavy buying by manu
facturers yet.
The , iron and steel manufacture leads all
others in the volume of new business. - While '
production is much the largest ever known,
many of the works are withdrawing all quota- i
tions or naming prohibitory prices in order to I
ch#?k orders which they cannot till for months
to come, and do not want to accept at cur- i
rent prices. The number of such works Is rap- ]
Idly Increasing as the heavy demand for ma- I i
terials covers months' capacity. The Besse
mer pig is a shade higher at $10 90, with sales '
of 25,000 tons at Plttsburg, and th,»re is some- '
thing like a famine in gray forge, with sales
at $9 75, although one sale at $9 95 in the
valley Is reported. While finished products are
in very great demand, especially for car build- !
ing and special works at the West, the week
shows no advance In prices, excepting 50 cents
per ton in steel rails at the East.
Thone conditions favor continuance of the !
extraordinary foreign trade, which resulted In ,
the greatest balance in favor at this country .
ever known. January this year indicates a ;
similar excess of • exports over imports, and
while wheat exports have increased every
month since last August, they have been in
three weeks 15,078,077 bushels, flour included,
from both coasts, against 11,899,952 bushels last
year.
Failures for the week have been 249 In the
United States, against 374 last year, and 32 in .
Canada, against 53 last year. ]
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE. '
NEW YORK, Jan. : 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25,258 barrels; exports, 15,042. Market inactive
and nominally steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 162,000 bushels; exports,
i 56,381; spot, steady. No. 2 red, 79?4@S0iic, f. o. j
| b. afloat.' Options were exceedingly dull all I
day. . Scalpers, while 'bulllshly inclined, hesi- !
tated In view of weakness abroad, foreign sell
• Ing and lack of outside trade to afford vigor
ous support. . Clearings were large and there
was a moderate. export trade again. Near the
close covering orders produced a better feel-
Ing and final prices were unchanged to Uc
lower with the undertone firm. March, 77%@
78c; closed 77TfcC.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— "has again asserted Its supre
macy in • the advancing metal movement, to
day jumping up 70 to 57% points. The market
j was fairly active all day with sellers con
servative and inclined to hold off for further
developments. Copper advanced an additional
12% points, while the bid price for spelter
moved up five points. Very good news from
primary points and encouraging English cables
i were chiefly l responsible for the further " rise.
' At the close the metal exchange called pig iron
warrants firm at $8 25 nominal; lake copper
strong with $14 75 bid and $15 asked; tin strong '
and higher, with $23 bid and $23 50 asked. Lead i
steady, with $4 22% bid and $4 27% asked;
spelter firm, with $5 35 bid and $5 40 asked. The
brokers' price for lead Is $4 and copper $15 25.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 11,500 bags, including
January, $5 30; February, $5 35«j5 40; March.
15 50; May, $5 65.; Spot coffee— Rio, dull but
about steady; No. 7 Invoice, ,6%c; No. 7 Job- -
blng, 7c. Mild— Quiet; Cordova, 7%@14C
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and barely steady; fair
refining, . 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4«ic; mo
lasses sugar, 4Vic: refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3390 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 14«?19c; Elglns, 19c; factory,
12314 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5435 packages. Western, 18®
lS%c; Southern. 18@19c. .
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9@9Vic; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 3%@IOc. : :.
■APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll«?14c; Moorpark, 13(517c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, lie; peeled, 21025 C.
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO,' Jan. 20.— Steadiness and the pre
dictions of cold weather made a good start in
wheat. May ' opened a shade higher *at'7o%c. i
and there was very little for sale; It touched
-70%c in a few minutes. That was the turning
point,' however, as longs began to liquidate
| freely, while there was plenty for sale for tire
short account, and May got down to 70% c be
fore the first hour's trading had elapsed. The j
change in sentiment was due to the bearish
interpretation of . the report of j the : Russian
wheat crop, which showed an Increase of 64 - i
000,000 over last year, but was 120,000,000 bushels
smaller than the previous estimate of the Rus
sian '■■ Minister of Agriculture. Argentine
shipped 40,000 bushels of wheat to ' the Con
tinent this week, thus inaugurating her export
business for the season. • That had a depress
ing effect, but the bears were unwilling to ex
pose themselves to heavy risks on the short side
in face of; so much Insistence upon the state
ment that : many speculators with big, profits
from the stock market were feeling very friend
ly toward ■- wheat. Atlantic . port clearances
amounted in wheat and flour to nearly a mil- i
lion bushels.' This had a stimulating effect
and May recovered .to 70%@70%c. It touched
70% c and closed with buyers at 70%@70%c.
Corn started . strong under ; the . false ■ impres
sion ' that the ' damp weather would , cause . a
rally. On the Improvement a perfect ava
lanche of long and short corn was tumbled
into the pit. During the last hour the prod
uct revived somewhat and left off a shade
higher. ' ■,' ■■•.".-
Oats, .were dull during . the entire session.
There was no Inquiry for cash and- the sam
ple market was weak, without any material
change in values. May closed a trifle lower.
. Foreign buying of lard early • strengthened
provisions. Heavy buying of pork : and ribs
by commission houses during ' the latter : part
of the session added to the advance. Pork ad
vanced 10©12% c and lard and ribs 2%@5c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Operf. High: " Low. - Close.
Wheat No. 2— , . - ••--.. .
May ................ 70%- 70%" ■ 704 70%
July. 68%: 68% -68*4 " 65%
Corn No. — • ;
January .....; 34%. * 34% 34% 34%
May. ................ 37%-. 37% ' 36% - -37-
July 37%: .37% 36T4 , : 37V1
Oats No. 2— ■•■■ . ■Mifffi' 7 ,-.br
May ...27%' .27% 27% 27%
July ... '..'■ 26\4i 26% v 26 - . 26' 4
Mess Pork, per barrel— -' ■
January :.:. ....... .;....'. 995
May ......:...... V.. 10 12%;, 10 25 10 12% 10 25:
Lard, per 100 pounds— ; -
January-:...'........ 665. :■ 5 57% 555 . 5 57%
May-...V............ 5 774. 5 82% r 5 77% 5 82%
; Short ' Ribs, per 100 pounds — : :
January ............ 480 v 485., 480 "•.'." 4 85V
May V... 1..:....... -.5 03 ; 6 12',, -505 '. 610
Cash quotations were as follows: '" v
Flour, dull; No. spring wheat," 67<g6SV;e; No.
3 spring wheat,. 64(g67%cJ, No. 2 red, 70% c: No.
2 corn, 36c; No. 2 oats, f o. b.. 27f§27Vic; No. 2
white. 29%®30 I .ic: . No. 3. white,- 29@29%c; No. 2
rye. 65%c;N0. 2 barley, '42® 53c; No. 1 flaxseed, :
$1 13;- Northwest; $1 17% : : prime - timothy seed,
$2 3502 40; mess pork.'.per barrel, $9 Ss@lo; lard
per 100 - pounds,. $5 £5@5 67% ; ;' short "■ rib Bides,
loose, $4 75@5; dry salted shoulders, boxed.- 4%
<<?4%0: . short clear sides, . boxed, $5 10@5 15;
■whisky, '. distillers', finished - goods, per gallon,
$1 27; sugar, cut loaf and r granulated,', • un
changed.
Articles — . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels. l... 23,000 ' 35,000
Wheat, bushels 122.000 44,000
Corn, bushels..... 403.600 277,900
Oats, bushels. 218,700 161,000
Rye, bushels..... 9,000 s 7,000
Barley, bushels... 41,700 '■ 16.030
On the Produce Exchange 1 to-day i the Butter
market was easy ■ creameries, 14@18c; dairies,
ll@l6c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 18@lS%c. Cheese,
unchanged. ...
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
' Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. ' Bushels.
Minneapolis .; 294 140 '" 040
Duluth 85,977
Milwaukee 28,000 13,300
Chicago 122,250 44,586
Toledo 17,185 6,500
St. Louis.... 25,000- 32.000
Detroit 8,151 10,860
Kansas City ....:...:.; 77,500 28,000
Totals ..............658,203 160,286
Tidewater - - \
Boston '........•....'... 75,009 224,017
New York 56,381 66.381
Philadelphia 64,023 66,300
Baltimore 56,520 96,000
New 0r1ean5.......
Galveston '. 70,577 32,000
Totals 312,577 474,698
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat—' . Mar. May.
Op?nlng 5 9%.- 57%
Closing ........5 9% 5 7%
' PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. ' Mar. -June.
Opening 45 05 45 55
Closing 45 10 . 45 60
Wheat — . .
Opening ;.. 2155 2170
Closing 2155 2170
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
j CHICAGO, Jan. CATTLE— Were . well
taken at steady to strong prices. Fancy cattle,
$G<jNi 10; choice steers. $5 60<§o 95; medium
steers, C4-?j.l 10; beef steers. $4@4 50; bulls, $4@
4 96; cows' and heifers. $3 ?Ofti: Western fed
steers.- .S4(ffs 80; Texas steers, S3 75«4 25; calves,
$3 COSC 30.
HOGS— Were stPady at unchanged prices.
Fair to choice, $3 67U(f!3 80; packing lots. $3 50
S3 65; mixed. $3 6593 75; butchers'. $3 55@3 75;
lights. $3 sO(if3 72%; pigs, $3 10@3 50.
SWEET*— Were active at unchanged prices.
Sheep, $2 2504 25; yearlings, $4£4 65; lambs, $4
(a 4 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 3,"00; Hogs, 21,000; Sheep,
8000.
EASTERN LEMON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Journal of Com
merce say?: The movement in Sicily lemons
Is reported to . have been on a larger scale
during the past season than for several years
past, and although the supply has been more
liberal, it has been well absorbed, the low
prices prevailing for some time past having
stimulated the demand for consumers in all
' parts of the country, particularly in the West,
I where the small supplies of California fruit
1 have lelt a very considerable, opening for the
Sicily product. The feature contributing
strength to the situation is the fact that for
the first time in many years very little stock
ha been shipped to outnorts, and nearly all
of the other markets have had to draw the
bulk, If not all, of their supplies from New
; York. This fact Is said to account for the
| large difference in figures of receipts at this
: port last year and this.
i Stocks afloat for New York, according to
statistics obtained from the trade, are con
j siderably In excess of those on way last year
at the same time, being about 89,000 boxes,
compared with 54,900 boxes In 1898. at the same
date, but this quantity, it Is stated, will have
to supply thj entire country, as with the ex
ception of a small lot en route to New Or
leans there is nothing In transit to outports.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— Consols, - 111.;: - Silver,
27% d; French rentes, 102f 10c; Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, easier; English country markets,
quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 20— Wheat, easy; Wheat
In Paris, steady; Flour In Paris, steady;
French country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 3-16 d.
CLOSING. 1
WHEAT— closed steady; March, 4s
9%d; May, 5s %d. Spot, dull; No. 2 red West
ern winter. 6r. 2d; No. 1 red Northern spring,
dull. Cs. ■ \
CORN— Futures, quiet; March, 3s 7%d;.May,
3s 7%d. Spot, quiet. ,
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
were 296,000 centals, all American.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 20. -^-Exchanges, $220,
--601; balances, $35,889.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 20.— AT>out all signs of
strength have vanished from the local Wheat
market, and 59c was given to-day as a top quo
tation for Walla Walla. Offerings are much
larger than they have been since the turn of the
year, and In a good mai y cases sellers are now
hunting buyers Instead of vice versa. Valley,
61c; blue stem, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 20— Wheat— Club, 59c;
blue stem, 62@63c.
PORTLAND WHEAT SHIPMENTS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 20.— Foreign WTieat
shipments from Portland for the week ending
to-day were 89,950 bushels.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, GO days — $4 83 4
"Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce -v- 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47%@4s
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. i
WHEAT— The market continues to tend down
ward, -with little business.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l 12%; milling,
U 15(gl 17%.
CALI, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— l2,ooo
ctls. $1 15%; 4000. fl 15%.
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 15%.
Regular Morning Session— May— sooo etls,
$1 15W 24,000, $1 15*;.
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls. $1 15%.
BARLEY— The market is unchanged and very
Feed, $1 22%(ffl 25; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Buyers are sc-arce and indifferent and
the market Is easy and dull.
Fancy Feed, $1 35® 1 37% per ctl; good to
choice $1 30©l 32%; common, $1 27%; Surprise.
Jl 42%«?1 &0; Gray, Jl 30<gl 35; Milling, $132%®
1 35 per ctl: Red. $1 S.VSI 65; Black. $1 60@l 75.
CORN— There Is nothing new, the market be
ing stagnant.
Small round Yellow, $1 15; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 10; White, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%@l 10 per
ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE-J1 15@1 IS*; per ctl.
. BUCKWHEAT— Eastern. $2 25 asked.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@t 25; bakers'
extras. V< ?o@4.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25;, Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 GO: Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour $4«?4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50- Whole Wheat Flour. $3 B0; Rolled Oats
(barrels, $5 Ss®6 25; in sacks, S5 K@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 s»; Green Peas, $4 iO
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues to shade off and is dull. Buy
ers are holding off.
Bran and Middlings are easy and dull, as
buyers do not care to lay in stocks now that
Hay is declinlns and the green feed is grow
ing rapidly.
BRAN— S2O r.osj2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22(B 24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26(127 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31<g3l 50;
Jobbing: $32@'32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cot
tonseed Meal. $2Sitf3o per ton; Cornmfal. $23 504*
24 50; < "racked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed, $21.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, ?16@17 50 for
?:ood to choice and $15 for lower grades; no
ancy coming; in: Wheat and Oat. $15@16 50-
Oat, $141615 50; Island Barley, $13 50lj?14 50; Al
falfa, ?12(fi 13; Htock. none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $14315; Cheat
$12 50@13; Alfalfa. • ; Oat, $14@i5; Clover!
$11 50@12 50; Timothy. $12(513 50 per ton.
STRAW— SO@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change In any descrip
tion. The market is quiet.
BEANS— Bayop. $1 85@1 95: Small Whites. $2
<Q2 15; Large Whites. $1 75@1 S5; Pinks, $2®
2 10; Reds, $3 20@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters.
$2!^2 50; Llmas, $3 25®3 35; Pea. $2 35@2 50; Red
Kidneys. $2 <0 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50<S4 75 per ctl;
[ yellow Mustard. $3 75@4; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed. 2y@2%c per lb; Alfalfa,' 6@7c: Rape, ;2%
<S2\c: Hemp, 2%©3 c; Timothy, 5@5%c. ■
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green, $2 10
per ctL j I ? \
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are weak at a further decline, owing
to liberal receipts. The only exception is Early
Rose, which' are higher, ■ being wanted for
seed. ■'.:'; <
v Mushrooms are still 'piled up on all sides.
Otherwise Vegetables are in light supply.
POTATOES— SI 10@l 15 per ctl for Early Rose;
"r>o<?jsl per sack for River Burbanks; Peta
luma Burbanks, 75c@$l;' Oregon, •■- Soc@sl 15;
Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 70 for Merced; New Po
tatoes, I<sf2c per lb. '
ONIONS— 7S@BSe per ctl. .
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 7@Sc; String
Beans,: lo@l2^£c;: Cabbage, 40(&'50c; Tomatoes,
$1 5<XS>2 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant. . 12M-C
per • lb ; Garlic. G<g7c per It) ; Dried Okra. 15c
per lt>; Green Peppers, 4@sc per tt>; Dried Pep
pers, 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per
ton: Carrots-, 2,-><&"3sc per sack; Mushrooms, from
nothing up to So per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry was In rather better receipt, owing
to the high prices, but the market was steady
except Turkeys, which were too plentiful and
lower.' 7 , . , . ,
There was no particular change in Game. .
POULTRY-Dressed Turkeys, 12%@16c; live
Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gobblers and 12>4@13c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50^2; Ducks, $4 50@6;
Hens, $5 50@7; young Roosters, $7<f?7 GO; old
Roosters, $5 50; Fryers, $6@6 50; Broilers, : $siy)
5 50 i for large, $3 50® 4 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen for old and $2@2 2.1 for Squabs.
GAME— $1 25@1 50; Mallard. $2 50@3;
Canvasback. $3@4 50; Sprig, $2; Teal, $1 25<gl 50;
Widgeon, $1 25; Small Duck, $1; English Snipe,
$2 60; Jack Snipe, $125; Gray Geese, $3@3 60;
White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 50@l 75; Honkers,;
$3®4; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 for email. ■
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Pickled descriptions of Butter are weak and
quiet, as . fresh Butter is now so cheap .that
buyers .are taking it . in : preference. The : whole
market , Is weak and creamer}' and dairy are
both off again. Cheese is unchanged. -
Eggs continue to decline and dealers are sell
ing to keep stocks from accumulating.
BUTTEK—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24(g25c; seconds,
21<ij23c.
Dairy— to fancy, 19@21c; common
grades, ■ 17@lSc.
Pickled Goods-Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17@lSc for dairy and 19&)20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern butter— Ladle packed, 16@16V&c per
rt>; Elgin. 22@22\4c. ■■.".-
CHEESE— mild new. 11%@12c; old. 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar, 12(i?12V4c; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c; Eastern, 10@12c. ■
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 30@33c per dozen; store
Eggs, 27@30c; Eastern, to arrive, 25@27c asked.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Arrival of 311 cases Mexican Limes. '
Fine Apples are firm at the advance. Oranges
continue plentiful and dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@60c for common. 75c@$l 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 50@l 75 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, . 50(g75c.
Pears— 2scgsl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 7BCOH 50; Mandarins, $1 LT>@
150; Lemons, 75c@|l 50 for common and $2@3
for. good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6©7; Cali
fornia Limes, per small box; Grape Fruit,
*I@2 50; Bananas, $1 23<&2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, (Z(ai 50 per dozen.- ■
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Beyond the steadiness In Prunes already
noted there is nothing new. The market con
tinues dull.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7<f7V4c for 40-50s,
4%@5c for 50 - -60s, 4«. c for 60-70' s, 3(33%c for 70-
SO's, 2%@2%c for 80-90' 2@2^ic for 80-100's and
l'.i<iEfl%c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2%@5c;
Peaches. 6®7!/vo for good to choice, 7 ,4@8c for
fancy and 10(&12Vir! for peeled; Apricots, 10@
12% c for Royals and 13% c for Moorparki Evap
orated Apples, 7Vi^7Hc; sun dried. 4@4Hc;
Black Figs, sacks, 2®2^c; Plums, 4V4®6c for
pitted and llglVic for unfitted; Nectarines, 6@
ie for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters
and B<&Sc for halves.
RAISINS— 3% c for two-crown, 4}; c for three
crown, s»ic for four-crown. 5%@6V4c for Seed
lees Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2yi@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7@Sc per tb; Walnuts,
7@Sc for hardshell, 9i&loc for softshell; Al
monds, 7(@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and 4M>@sc for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50
@5 00.
HONEY— • lo@llc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. fiV.igl
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, ■ sftsV4o
per lb. ■ . .
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
<•*. Prices are steady with a light business.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7V£c per tb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10Hc
for extra light and 12@12>4c for sugar cured;
Eastern- Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10',4c; Cali
fornia Hams, 9<j?9»4c; Mess. Beef, $10 per bbl
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50- extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 SO6
10; Smoked Beef, ll'/i@l2c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%@6c per Kb for
compound and 7%@Bc for pure; half barrels
pure, BV*c; 10-Ib tins, 8!£c; 6-Tb tins, $\c
COTTOLENE— 6H@6Hc; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-IT) pails, 60 In a case, 9V-c
--3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Ib palls, 12 in a
case, B}jc; 10-tb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-It,
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lt>s net, -8V»c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c: half
barrels, about 110 lbs, ~\c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are firm and in good demand. Hops
ore dull and nominal.
HIDES AND SKlN'S— Culls and brands seil
atout 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9%c; light. B%@9c;
Cowhides, 8%@9«4c; Stas:s. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c'
Calf, 10c; dry hides, sound, 15%(516c; culls and
brands, 12% c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf.
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, lOiJfioc each; short
wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long wool
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@E0c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 25@'l 75 for large and $1 for
email.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V;®3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4%06c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months', 7<&9e; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', S@9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 'J!g>
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall AVools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain 7@ 8
Southern 6ig> 7%
Plains 6# 6
Jacob Wollner's circular says: "Since the
first of the month there has been some wool
moving in a quiet way. Some Kern County
spring wools have been selling from S@9c, and
also some Northern wools. On the whole it is
very quiet, and as long as there Is no demand
for scoured wool our market is bound to be in
active, as most of the wools on the market are
scouring wools which do not seem to sell at all.
The Eastern markets nro reported quiet but
steady, and It is presumed that there will not
be much life in the market until manufacturers
get their orders for heavy weight goods. The
outlook Is for a rood demand but at not very
high prices. The London auction salrs opened
Tuesday, the 17* inst.. with fine wools at a 5
i>er cent advance over the December sales.
There are very few arrivals and very little
shipping."
HOPS— ISSB cron 12'WUc per lb for ordinary,
14%ijtil5%c lor good and 16jpl8c for choice to
fancy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are steady at the quotations. Mutton
Is a fraction higher. Beef is not as firm, but
quotations are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are us follows:
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality G'fi
6&c; third quality. 5(55%c.
VEAL— Large, <&\i<&i\ic; small, 7@Sc per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, B@S%c; Ewes 7U@Sc
LAMB-B@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4%c for large, 4%<M%0
for medium and 3%<{Mc for small; stock liogs
3%c; dressed Hogs, 5%@7c for prime.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, &%c spot and
B%c future; San Quentins, $4 95; Wool Bags,
26@38c; San Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 ;.0; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50';
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 oO(jj:9 in bulk and
110010 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania -Vnthrailte
E(JK. $14: Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Hock Spnnes
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 ps/ ioa in
bull: and $14 In sacks*
Harrison's circular pays: "During the week
there have been six deliveries from Washing
ton of coal, amounting to 10,940 tons; two from
Hrttlsh Columbia, 7228 tons; one from Oregon
625 tons; one from Swansea, ' 2543 tons; one
from Philadelphia, 2221 tons; total, 23,557 tons
The conditions of last week still prevail. Ho
tels and housekeepers find difficulty In getting
their immediate requirements satisfied; such
is the scarcity of fuel suited to domestic pur
poses. This can be verified on the water front
where teamsters are seen battling for their
loads this week: furthermore, no immediate re
lief can be expected, as great detention Is en
countered by vessels at points of shipment
Fortunately the cessation of stormy weather
has seriously lessened consumption during the
week. Prices remain unchanged for all house
coals, but for steam uses quotations are com
mencing to slacken, as there Is a growing
feeling among foreign shipowners to seek this
port, as the present outlook Is certainly most
encouraging for California to have a large
surplus of grain for export. Of course it is not
absolutely assured until It Is sacked, as we are
yet subject to injurious weather conditions
Grain seekers are 90 per cent coal carriers'
hence we must naturally expect lower fuei
prices a few months hence. Our grain export
ers are yet somewhat chary about chartering
ahead; when they commence to charter freely
then foreign coals will have an established
value."
RlCE— China mixed, $3 96©4; China No L
$4 Bo@4 SO; extra-do. |508 35: Hawaiian, *> 37h.
Japan $4 Ss®4 75; Louisiana. .*>@J> 50.
SUGAR— Tne Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash : Cube. • criishe.l
Md*Flne Crushed, 6%c; Powdered 6%C, Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dry Granulated o%c; Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A. a Magno
lia A, 5%c: Extra C. 5%c; Golden C. 5Hc; half
barrels. Vie more than barrels, and boxes i %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. . ■. _'_ :.•-.■"•- ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. January 20,
Flour, qr ska .... 19,676 (Straw, tons 42
Barley, ctls 900 Hops, bales ..... 3
Corn.ctls, East.. • l,Boo|Wool. bales 3
Cheese, ctls ..... 33 Pelts, bdls 140
Butter, ctls 201 Hides, iNo ...... Ba4
Tallow, ctls 20 Eggs, doz ........ 10,u00
Beans, sks ...... 3.02b Quicksilver - flks. '150
Potatoes, ska .... 3,975 Leather, roll 3 ... • ■ 63
Onions, sks ...... 406 Wine, . gals ......103.600
Bran, sks 1.415 Sugar, sks 1.630
Middlings, sks .. 220 Chicory, bbls .... oO
Hay, tons ...... 364
OREGON. O ■*:_' ■-»•:! . nr .
Flour, qr 5k5..... 19, 050 1 Barley, ctls ; 5,000
Oats, ctls 480; Hay, tons 10
Potatoes, sks .... 1.9161
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 601 -
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are cheaper and will probably continue
to cheapen from now on, as usual at this time
of the year. Butter is unchanged.
Poultry is scarce and higher than it has been
for a long time. Game, on the contrary. Is
cheaper.
Meats show no material change from last
week.
The Fruit and Vegetable markets are well
supplied and prices show no particular change.
Following is The Call's regular weenly
price list:
Canifel !*.".. .^— #12 00 I Castle Gate.. s9 60®
! Wellington . ®10 MMSouthfleld
i New Welling- Wellington & 9 aO
ton ©10 OOlCoos 8ay.... <H>7 00
I Seattle 8 80® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.— „„_„.
Butter, fancy, per I Cheese. Swiss 20®2:>
square 50@35iCommon Eggs 30-332
Do, per r011. ...50®— iKanrh lOggs. per
Do. good —#-13 r dozen 35@40
Tickled 35i}i 40 ' Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per lb..— #23 lb 12@13
Cheese, Cal -HJSIS Do. extracted ..— ®lO
j Cheese. Eastern.. 15® 17
Meats, per lb. —
Bacon 12@17iPork, fresh — ®12
Beef, choice 12^13lPork, salt 10(312
Do good B®lojPork. chops — <&12
Corned Beef — @ !>> Round Steak ....10®12
Ham, Cal 12^@15| Sirloin Steak ....12G.15
Do. Eastern ...— @ls l Porterhouse, d 0... —520
Lard 12ft 15 Smoked Beef ]2@l;'i
Mutton 10@15 Pork Sausages.. 12Vi@20
Lamb 12W15lVeal 104JT15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60® S5 Quail, pr doz.. 1 sO<§2 00
Young Roost- Mallard, pair.. 65@ 75
ers, each 75® 85 Canvasback, pr
Old Roosters, pair 75@1 00
each 60(5) 65 Sprig, pr pair. 60@ —
Fryers, each.. 65@ 751 Teal, pr pair. 40® 50
Broilers, each. 50fi; 60 1 Widgeon, pair 40Q 50
Turkeys, pr lb IS® 20] Small Duck... 35@ —
Ducks, each... 60® 75!VVlld Geese, pr
Geese, each... 1 00© 1 25 I pair 50® 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25© 50 English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair. — © 40 per doz 3 00(33 30
Hare, each — @ 20 Jack Snipe 175® —
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 10@12! Limes, doz 12(315
Apples, lb 4@ 61 Oranges, doz 25@40
Bananas, doz 15@20 Pears, per lb 40 6
Cranberries, pr qt.ir.iS— I Raisins, lb oiglO
Lemons doz 20@— I Walnuts, lb 12&15
Vegetables- '
Artichokes, d0z.75!?l 25 Mushrooms, !..... Bigls
Beets, doz 12915 Onions, lb 4(3) 5
Beans, white, lb.. idf 5 Potatoes, lb 2® 3
Colored, lb 44* 5 Do, Sweet 3® 4
Lima, lb .... 6©->- Parsnips, doz 15^20
i Cabbage, each 5010 Radishes, dz bchslO<£l2
I Cauliflowers., each 3@lo Rasre, doz bnchs.2s(&\ls
Celery, bunch..... s<£— String Beans, 1t>..12@15
! Cress, doz buchs.2n:R2S Thyme, lb 2v<a:'.<)
j Green Peas, 1t).... 8(310 Turnips, doz l!VR!20
I Lentils, lb §rij: B 'Tomatoes, lb 12@15
i Lettuce, doz 15@25i
Fish, per lb.—
Barracuda " — @— ;Phrlmps 10@12
Carp 5(8) 6 Shad 10@—
Codfish 10@12jSea Bass lu.ui2
Flounders SS3) <> I Smelts ..16@—
! Herring 4@ 5 Soles SWIO
Halibut — '#12 Skates, each s@lo
Kingflsh SrcplU Tomcod 10012
Mackerel — @— Clams, gal ...... — @50
Do, Horse ®— Do, hardshell, 100.405 SO
Perch B@lo Crabs, each 10®15
I Pompano 1 00@l 50; Do, softshell, d0z.25'd)35
' Rockflsh 12@1J1 Mussels, qt 10012
: Salmon, smoked.. 2<W— (Oysters. Cal, 100.400—
Salmon, fresh 10@12jDo. Eastern. d0z.25Q>50
(Sturgeon 12'8/lal '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bartlett F. and Bridget Jones to John J.
Quinn. lot on N line of Green Street, 125 E of
Laguna, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Rosey M. and Hiram H. C. Alexander to
Oherublno Franceschlnl, lot on N line of Fil
hert street. 174:3 W of Stelner, W 30 by N
137:6; $2330.
Abner Doble Company (a corporation) to Ed
ward O'Connor, lot on SW corner of Lombard
and Pierce streets, W 137:6 by S 137:6: $10.
Edward and Mary O'Connor to City Street
Improvement Company, lot on S line of Lom
bard street, 114:7 W of Pierce, W 22:11 by S
90; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Mary
Atkinson (wife of Thomas T.). lot on N line
of Turk street, 137:6 W of Pferce, W 45 by N
137:6; $10.
Eugene N. and Mary A. Fritz to Alvah H.
Flood, lot on NE corner of Stanyan and Grat
tan streets, N 25 by E 108:4; $10.
James F. Burns to Mary Burns, lot on E line
of Mission street, 95 S of Nineteenth, S 30 by
E 122:6; also property In San Mateo County;
Cift.
Adolph Leiser to Harry W. Knoll, lot on S
line of Fifteenth street, SK) W of Noe, W 20 by
S 55; $10.
Harry W. Knoll to Thomas W. Fisher, lot
on SW corner of Fifteenth and Noe streets S
55 by W 110; $10.
Julia Swansom (wife of John) to same, same
slo.
A. J. and Mary F. Klopenstlne to Frederick
W. Hunt, undivided half of lot on S line of
Broadway, 70:6 E of Jones street, E 23:6 by S
60; $700.
Catherine Montague to Mary Strahm, lot on S
line of Tehama street, 312:6 NE Fourth, NE 25
by SE SO; lot on W corner of Madison and
Athens streets, SW 52:3. NW 50, NE 95:10V6 SE
66:2, lots 1 and 2, block 68, Sliver Heights; $10.
Mary N. Rondeau to Louis A. Rondeau, lot
on E side Third avenue, 200 N Point Lobos
avenue, N 25 by E 120; gift.
Same to same, lot on E side Third avenue,
175 N Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120; gift.
Susette Lewlngton to Solomon Getz, lot on E
line of Ninth avenue, 250 S of J street, S 25
by E 120; lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 175 S
of J street, S 25 by E 120; $1.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Margaret Adams,
lot on NW corner Ninth avenue and L street
\V 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Burton N. Hardman to Andrew L. Edwards,
lot on SE corner Thirteenth avenue and L
street. E 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Sunnyslde Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to John
Dlller, lot 11. block 37, Sunnyside; $10.
Castro Street Land Company to Emma Koz
minslcy, lot 12, block 3, subdivision 1 Castro
street addition; $10.
Carl Lucan (by William G. Koch attorney)
to Paul Demarttni, lot on SW line of Scott ave
nue. 4UO SE Silver avenue, SE 50 by SW 100
lots 34 and 36, Silver Terrace; $10.
Louis Levin to Mary Levin (wife), lot on N
line of Geary street, 110 W of Polk, W 27-6 by
N 12i); gift.
Lionel S. "and Fannie Shaw to Henry Shaw,
lot on W !lnf of Van Ness avenue, 90 N of
Union street, N 85, W 130, S 75, SE 11 E
125; $10.
Joseph MeCusker to Mary McCusker (wife),
lot on N line of Sacramento street, 118:9 E of
Flllmore, E 25 by N 128; gift.
Annie St. Clair Thompson to Daniel Mc-
Ewen, Eliza Lee Jones and Nellie G. Day, lot
on W line of Baker street, 87:6 N of Sutter N
25 by W 112:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Truman L. Hill to William C. Gray lot on
S line of Clinton Park. 140 W of Guerrero
street. W 22:6, S 110, E 32:6, N 5 W 10 N
105: $10.
Walter Laidlaw to Julie J. Rosenberg (wife
of A. A.), re-record of 11S1 d 107. lot on E line
of Maale rourt. 245 N of Fourteenth street
N 5 by 13 130; also lot on E line of Maple court'
250 N of Fourteenth street. N 29:6, E to N end
of Maple court, thence still N 0:6, E 120, S 30
W 120; also undivided half of lot beginning at
termination of E line of Maple court at a point
distant N 297:6 from N line of Fourteenth
street. N 0:6 by W 49:10; $700.
Sophie C. Benedict to Charles S. Capp lot
on W line of Mission street, 53:4 N of Wiilow
N 23:4 by W SO; also lot on N line of McAllister
street, 137:6 Wof Flllmore, W4oby N 137 •«• $1
Charles S. Caop to Hlbernia Savines and
Loan Society, same (two descriptions)- Jio
Annie Anglin to Thomas Clifford, lot on N
line of Duncan street, 173 W of Guerrero W
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of the Lighthouse Inspector, Thirteenth
District, Portland, Or., January IS 1539
POINT ADAMS LIGHT STATION.
Notice Is hereby given that from and after
January 31, 1899, the fourth order fixed red liKht
at this station, on low sand ridge one mile
south of Point Adams, Or., will be permanently
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, IS9S, page 22 No
1053, and the List of Beacons and Buoy*' i>»'
cine Coast. 1897. page 3S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board
- „' GEO. C. REITER,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office. wher« ccmDlete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
.... <2Pth meridian, by telegraphic signal re
?e?ved each "ay irom the united States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball r-as dropped
on time or giving the error If any. Is publish**
la the morning papers the f^ lo rll y| l Eg
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Timer and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrtncTsco Bay. Published by otOctal an
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf; about
twenty-five ! minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide »s the same at both places. __
SATURDAY, JANUARY 21.
Sun rises :. • 7 ■*>?
Sun rises ~\
Sun sets.... ',",","„ "™
Moon 5et5...... • 3:21 a m -
--OH
' S .
ST..
22 ...
23»...
24 ...
25 ...
1
0:
1:
2:
3:
4:
I Time I Time Time
Ft . Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft.
| H Wl L Wl . H Wt
~T9 7:11 5.9 2:29-0.1 9:30 4.1
3.0 8:01 6.9 3:15 —0.3 10:20 4.3
3.0 8:48 5.8 3:56—0.5 11:00 4.5
3.0 9:31 6.8 4:31—0.5 11:36 4.6
3.0 10:13 6.8 5:04 —0.5 ......
LWH W L W
4.9 4:49 2.8 10:53 5.7 5:35—0.3
6.01 5:30 2.6 11:32 5.4 6:041—0.1
3.0
3.0
26...
0:
0::
4.9!
I 5.01
27,...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the lert
hand column and the successive tides or th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tn«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tirt»
and the last or right hand column gives tn«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Blven are additions to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helpht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the chart?. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
— = _ —
ltanla.... Nanalmo IJan. 21
.. Blanchard.. Coos Bay , u an - 21
rcata Coos Bay Jan. 21
omona Humboldt Jan. 22
Weeott... Yaquina Bay Jan. 22
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
oos Bay Newport ..[Jan. 22
Washtenaw Tacoma — IJan. 22
Willamette Seattle Jan. 22
10ha.... Point Arena Jan. 22
entennial iComox [Jan. 23
rogreso (Seattle Jan. 23
eelanaw ISeattle ....Jan. 24.
'orth Fork Humboldt Jan. 24
orona San Diego Jan. 24
co. W. Elder. Portland Jan. 25
ristol Departure 8ay..... Jan. 25
hilkat Humboldt Jan. 23
■ulton Portlapd Jan. 25
rlzaba. Newport Jan. 26
oint Arena Point Arena Jan. 26
mplre Coos Bay Jan. 28
matilla........|Vlctoria & Puget Sound Jan. 27
rescent City... I Crescent City Jan. 27
antaßosa |San Diego Jan. 28
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
' Steamer.
Sails.
Pier.
hilkat .... Humboldt.... Jan. 21, 2 pm Pier II
iueen Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 21, 10 am Pier i
t. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 21, 3 pm Pier !
anta Rosa San Diego.... Jan. 22, 11 am Pier 1!
olumbla Portland Jan. 23. 10 am Pier 2-
. Blnchrd. (Coos 8ay..... Jan. 23. 4 pm Pier li
reata ..... Coos Bay Jan. 23, 10 amiPler 1!
oos Bay... ] Newport Jan. 24, 9 amPler 11
"eeott I Yaquina Bay. Jan. 24. 1 pm Pier 1<
omona ...Humboldt Jan. 24, 2 pm[Pier !
Ip'n Maru|China& Japan Jan. 25, 1 pmIPMSS
loha 'Point Arena.. Jan. 25, 3 pmiPler '.
[arlposa ..Sydney Jan. 25, 10 am Pier '
.'. Walla. .!Vic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 26, 10 am Pier !
orona (San Diego Jan. 26, 11 am! Pier 1'
. W. Elder! Portland Jan. 28, 10 amlPler 2
rlzaba ....[Newport ' Jan.- 9 am Pier 1
Ity Sydney|Panama Jan. 2S, 12 m I'MSS
dlkat ....
teen I
. Arena. .
TIME BALI*.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
January 20, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new F^rry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. 17. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. ';'■ >_?.*'■
Friday, January 20.
Strar Columbia, Green, sS'i hours from Port
land, via Astoria 4S hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60% hours from
San Diego, etc. .
i Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, . 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 22 hours from Usal.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ware, 28 days
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via
Honolulu 6 days 17 hours.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 6 days from Crescent
City, via Eureka 28 hours.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson, 19 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Arago, Stensland, days from .
Schr Mabel Gray,- Larsen, 6 days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Friday, January 20.
Stmr.Chas Nelson, Anderson, Seattle; E T
Kruse. "* :\ ;
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins & Co. .
Br stmr Fastnet, Banks, Guaymaa; W Loa
iza & Co.
Brig Pitcairn, Werge, Tahiti, via Pltcalrn;
Pac Pub Co.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen, Kahului; Hind,
Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, January 20.
Rtmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Mineola, David, Tacoma.
Ship Wachusett, Lamberth, Sydney.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Anderson, Seattle.
Br ship Eaton Hall, Lowriston, Portland.
Schr Czar, Hutman, Mazatlan.
Schr Lillebonne, Hansen, Tacoma.
CHARTERS.
The Andrew 'Welch and Planter load mdM
for Honolulu.
The Louis loads lumber at Port Blakeley for
Callao, 455.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 20, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
Jan I, lat 9 N, long 28 Ship St David,
from New York for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Jan 19— Br ship Blairgowrie. from
Antwerp for Tacoma, returned to Penarth
roads.
Br ship Buckingham, from Tacoma for Liv
erpool, previously reported having put Into
Rio de Janeiro, Jettisoned cargo to the extent
of 30 tons. Think the leak was caused by
striking a sunken wreck. Has been surveyed
and it is recommended that she dock for fur
ther examination; must lighter 2500 to 3000 tons.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan Bark Tidal Wave.
from San Pedro. Jan 19 — Bark Levi G Bur
gess, hence Jan 13.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan Stmr
Queen, hence Jan 12; schr Excelsior, from San
Pedro; schr Challenger, from San Pedro. Jan
19— Schr Corone, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan. 19— Schr Eric, for Chemainus;
ship C F Sargent, for ; Br ship City of
Florence, for .■
In bay Jan 20— Schr, Okanogan. from Port
Gamble for Taku; schr Fred E Sanders, from
Vladivostok; schr Louis, from Kiaochau; brig
Geneva, from Altata.
SAN PEDRO— Jan Schr Salvator,
from Port Gamble.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Jan 20 — Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES— port Jan 20— Ship Dirt
go, from Tacoma for Queenstown.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Alcazar, hnc
Jan IS. .
POINT ARENA— Jan 20— Schr Rio
Rey, -hence Jan 7.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Jan 20— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Ruth,
for San Francisco. •
. Arrived Jan — Stmr Hueneme, from Eureka
SEATTLE— Jan Stmr Homer
hence Jan 19, for Dyea, having been in colli
sion with stmr Al-Ki. .
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Signal, for ; stmr
Dirlgo, for Dyea. .
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Jan 19; Br bark City at Adelaide, from Hono
lulu;, stmr North Fork, hence Jan 19; schr
Mary Buhne, hence Jan 6; stmr Alliance, hence
Jan 19; schr Vine, hence Jan 14.
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan ro— Stmr Ruth'
from Newport (S). ■
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Geo W El
der, hence Jan IS.
VENTURA— SaiIed Jan 20— Schr Laura Pike,
for Eureka. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA- Dec 30— Br bark Eagle
Crag, for Oregon.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Jan 20-Schr
Defiance, from Wallaroo. >
Sailed Jan 19— Bark .Edward May, for Hono
lulu.
j HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 7— Bark S C Allen
hence Dec 28. Jan Bark St Katherlne. from
j Nanaimo. Jan 13— Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro
from Yokohama. .'■... •
Sailed Jan 7— Jap stmr Nippon Maru. for San
Francisco: Jap stmr Korioura Maru for Yo
kohama; bktn Skagit, for Port Gamble- V S
stmr Bennington, for Guam; Ital warship
Etna,.. for Suva; baric -Wilna, for Port Town
send; schr Aloha, for San Francisco; bktn
Archer, for San Francisco. Jan 12— Bark Mo
hican, for San Francisco; schr Esther Buhne,
for San Francisco: 6:30 pm— A bark off Koko
Head, name unknown; a stmr off Walwai, sup
posed to be : the Br stmr Lennox from Yoko
hama. ■
■. ; LONDON- Jan 18— Br ship Lang
dale, hence Aug 30; Ger ship Theodor, hence
Sept 3. .' - - - - . . -
■• : WEYMOUTH— In roads Jan IS— Br ship Lou
don Hill, from Antwerp for Tacoma.
T l l l"'iii II" Willnßi iiw'iWmiiwi aim* *M«iift i.ni innfWm^TmIN THE REALM OF SPORT
SAN VENADO
BEATEN OUT
BY MORINGA
Pretty Finish in the
.■.'.' Handicap.
AiLYAR WAS FOUND LACKING
H~GH PENNY AT ODDS ON CAME
;!••-••:■ IX 7. EIBD.
) J^Eontgosaery Again a. Winner From
'.y' ■ Fast Company—Tom Cromwell
■i.v:. La Luck—Pive Favorites
Wen: to Defeat.
jV^jCke.entries at Ingteside track yesterday
.:-.Ker.e nc* nomerovzs, but the racing was
J.-^a-r? above the average. To be sure, the
■ t-fiViri.es, with cr.e fxcuption, were ail
:>.£■?£=.*ted. but they all seemed to be
i'/r-T-he six furlong- handicap was a nice bit
■ \,c.* racing conceit. The three-year-old Aii
; j'ir; from Pat Dunne's stable, held sway
;r: is"the betting, and although the young
;S^er made a strong; bid, could not rinisb.
/■jbetler than, third. la a hard drive
.-^^cHmin oa Storing* reached first base
:;.^4--head before the rapidly coming Ban
.\y~erhado. Tcrsida ran filsa.ppctatlngiy.
■.~.^.iinc«rioas now seems unbeatable. Going
;V£o.-the post in the opening six furlong
«'; at odds of 4 to 1 the MoreHo gelding
:'-; ±niahed a length in advance of Cyril. Ed
• _ ■"iSiTtland, the favorite, backed up the
'■.•■•/.l^st-.;?art. landing in the show.
;.:.;: ;-Oniy fc^r started in the mile and a six- j
jJA-teenth. selling event, with Captive ruling
i': &' .pronounced favorite. The big cnestnut
•:.\.ccrse looked a winner witmn a few yards
~*&2 the wire, where he stepped, and wa^s
:;-"S.is«rd out by Tom Cromweii, the second
"■ ehotce, ridden by Cash Sloan.
;; ::'--The defeat of Hugh Penny, the short
'i'./prlced favorite, in the mile selling run
■;;-x*:-at-followed, was most unexpected. The
'..-iVeteran did not seem to have his soeed,
■-hftrifshfng befcted both Rev del Tierra* and
.- ■•..K.i.riily. The winner, Rey del Tierra. was
.iecCn'd in demand in the betting, and was
•;.•■■■'*£>-: ridden by Bullman.
. sfj.;'Xext came the defeat cf P.u'oicon. the
\:;Eiping hot favorite for the five furlong
! ■••'.scrainble "Sheets" Martin shot to the
',\:txptxt with Montgomery w"Sen the barrier
■■ »:as- released, and, never headed, led
: --.:slaTy Black out a Lngth. The favorite
'•• >-2.^. third.
;:":-•.•■Tie concluding mile selling run was a
I •:;*iru-;cal affair. Adoiph Spreckels. the Cor
• ='ri?an entry- w-on har.ds down, starting a
•":"7-"-to" 10 favorite. Two Ciders took the
;*-'-ta*ce from the ISO to 1 shot, Billy Mc
•■;•;;■::.;. Track Notes.
; ■••:}•; With the vanishing of the silver trophy
;•■■■• <offered for the gentlemen riders, likewise
.'■ ■;. 4?parted all thoughts of the shabby af
:■ :"tkix from the minds of race-goers. What
'•V'JSjttte was said among turf patrons was all
'\ -in'.oond-emnation of Hobart's methods, as
';-V?l! fci'ofan association that would-be'a
■;Vpd'r*7 to.the nasco. Ingleside has no pop
.: ;'rTila.r:ty to lean, and the result of Thurs
'• ".'.c;iy'« rae-? did not see any new friends
• Vf-?'cking to its standard, Mr. Skinner
•■■■'•'rwiikes Mr. Kobart and his little cup every
:-.'•' "siiice'ss. ar.d has but one regret. Just to
v-'--:!si"o>' the yourjc millionaire that no harm
v.'.i^is-dbiie. he would like to.meet him in a
.■'^•sirtgte teat of horsemanship. He will agree
.•".ytovstssuMLe a sawr.orse. use neither whip
•i-':-bqrlßteel». and allow Mr. Hobart to ride
..'-.•^fce highest priced hobby horse obtainable
' ;:'i'i'"a notion house, and ho can weigh as
:.:. ni'Vrh as he iikes. If this be not accept
: -■ .:£■*.*. then Mr. Kobart can sit astride Coi
•;'.S:-s and llr. Skinner says he will take
■■ TTfcV Colorado and try conclusions for any
j-it-rophy offered. The last time these two
•Aricsrs met Mr. Hcbart had the mount
'- -. j>H Una Colorado and was beaten .at by
; •".'.■Comins, piloted by Mr. Skinner. Uneasy
•■ ■-.•iies'the head that wears a crown.
—
;>:k :•;
':.,;-•..;•'.■. : To-Day" s Entries.
'.-'^VPtrit Race—six furlongs; selling; three-yeax
';/$.& tad oswxnl
;:; .--4>5 ji:a:'.o 107 412 >r»lv. Burcfcac 1U
:'J ;-tei4>OvpOD<ait 131 534 Simmons 104
v-iisHf>")Soicamb<o 1H *?" MidUa 101
:-V*MfMßßtßim B] iS Diara. 3*
■■•:'':-^9 T'-n'olo SS;(3WKi3isia. IK
■:..■■•>:■> N'4p'a« 31 i 44 La. Martina 99
;..•":: pil Sctaiti 1041 Stf Ncrrfa. D 7
rw^Eeeeal Ea.cs—Three furiocars; two-year-olds.
•■•'-•■.. El Arte ll^i ... - 11l
■'•■'.'•■■S" -c fay CJsa^ce-Ke-1 Ch. f. by Imp. Bass«t
:--- ■-•;-■• i»aa« IL i la.w-!mp. Sanicnyi.
.'../. .My Secret li> 530 Kitty Kelly 11J
, -iB iby SantJ*«r-j-Glcr-: 433 Fannie MiUa U3
'•[■• =' . etta * ■ 530 Catal-a3 113
■.;.•■ '. . — ■•■— Etxrtey ll* (338)l«cll Kitri3«...113
'^■Er! g.' fey bnp. Caipa- 53Q Jennl« Rtlpy 11<>
•;•;'•.- . dcs-R-t^eU*. 330 St. Aat&coy ll'>
•:;■.■•...'. Ella. E-land liOi
VBi't by Lucaj
■.""•..•Thirf Ra.ce —Short course steeplechase; tan&i
--' = •-■ sJii H'^at'Tran I*> 2W Silvera-o 13S
: ■•■•536 J O C 1« 5U Durwar.l U0
-• •■"'33' i riiMl mill U2; 3— Col, Baitlett....i:3
i'":J«H.*d-CSesterfteia-lffl (KT)Reno ISS
■_• -. Pcurrh R-ice —One an-i a haif mUet; Lakeside
• E'tai»s: COW.
. • ■•' K3 Sari;r.lc E»' 524 Ra:=ier S3
.: .:jS£Lad7 Harst r)f
■■'•'■'.'.. iftftii Ea.ce—Or.e and a eixtwstli miles; sell
•■' ;"£?a StrorsoU K4| 532 Hlit Tear? 1«
• " 4n7 Lcr=3 SI 53+ Fre-I Gardner...l 2*
•.' £32 Ulai W4J 342 Hazard 121
• -Vixtn Rar» —One thH»: haniiicap.
" (4l?)Bendar»a IB ti-Vnilarins-a 155
vr: Mcr»!lito ill 5M Hortoa M
- (4IS) David T»nn7 HI
■' . . ••' Selections for -Day
First E*c«—3£i<a*n. Opponent, Horatia.
; '• " ee<r7c<l Racu—Loci Katrine, Faanie Mills,
. . .Ctriiat.
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
GUMP'S
ART STORE
IS NOW ON.
2O°o
Discount on every
article.
113 Geary Street-
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Friday. Jan. 20. IS99.— Tairty-sixtii day
of the Pacific Coaat Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track gocd.
EXTWBK F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAiiL- F. .--WELL. Starter.
ft FIRST .RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-clda and upward; purse, 1400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
4m.
4m.
4m-
-527 Imperious. 4 106! 3
529 Cyril. 4 1051 4
413 Ed Gartland IL 4..103J 1
454 HohenzcUern, 5 — ICS] 5
533 N'ovta. 4 103. 3
*4
I I
1 3
*
4 2
3 2
2 3
1 l
4 3
5
3 4
2 3
I l
44
5
11 !H. Martin...
3 h IBuilraaa |
3 2 [Thorpe ..;
410 Spencer !
J W H. Martini
; 5-2 4
4 9-2
3-5 7-5
4 11-2
I < 10
Time— 4. -24: '•». :4W»; 4. 1:1.:. Winner. P. Dunne's b. g. by ■rmTto Scratch.
Good si-art. Won first three driving.
With an even break Cyril would have won. ..... on the wiener, rode a nerfectly
Judge-: race. Ed Gartland stopped to set the maiL . Tfi Wllhi ■ was short. AH horses
lock ai.ke to "Combination" Martin.
A*7 SECOND RACE-One and & sixteenth miles; selling; fair- year-oils and upward:
r» * • purse, J4OO.
:=dex. Horse. Age. Weight.; St. Std.
4m. 4m.
4m-
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. "
|
• i'
524 Tom Cromwell. 8..112! 3
(325) Captive. 8 10$: 3
533 Frank Jaubert. 6. .los 4
333 Ping. 4 . 103! 1
1 n
3 n
4
3 h
3 a
3 i
4
1 1
3 2
1 1
4
In
I 1
I I
; 3 1
4
In
2 4
3 4
4
Ins C. Sloan. f 3-2
. . IThorp* ... I; 1
310 J. Woods . . I' 8
4 Powell ' •'
3-2
7-5
5
15
Tim*- :CB\: 5-18, -.22*-,: •-'-*. i.'.- 1 -*: T3-16. 1:254: mile, 1:444: 1 1-lfim. 1:504. Winner.
Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. h. by Bramble-Fonsie. Good start. Won first three driving.
Cromwell was lucky. Thorpe Is a "pipe dream," of late. The price was ratter short Gar
Jautert.
AG THIRD RACE— One mile; selling. three-year-olds and upward; purse. 3420.
i
Index Horse. Age. Weight- ISt
4m.
4 m.
Str.
Jockeys.
S3I Ray del Tierra, 5. .199: 3
(524) Hardly. ♦ 99' 3
<531) Hugh Fenny, a. 113' 4
(333) Myth. 3 198 i I
... Mistral H. 3.. 114: 3
538 Ockturuck. 4 ■ ■ 131! 6
4 4
2 4
3 a
1 1
5 3
8
3 4
2 h
4 4
1 2
5 i
8
2 4
3 1
4 5
1 1
5 20
I
lh
I 4
4 4
2 1
5 25
8
114 Bulhnan | 2 ' 3-3
2 4 |W. H. Martini « 12
3 2 Turner 3-5 U-20
412 Thorpe I - 15
540 jC. Sloan 20 80
6 |Hal 8r0wn...; 300 500
Tim- — 4. :254; 4. :3i)4: 4. 1-I*4: mile. 1:424. Winner, E. W. Purser's b_ h. hy Prince
C f VcrMk-Kaidee. Good start. Won first three driving.
Peiny was seired with "short price" colic. It Is prevalent. Hardly was right there.
Myth couldn't sake it to-day. Mistral was not ready.
— 4 Q FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; perse. S4OO.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. ; *'
4rn-
Str.
Jockeys.
i 1
(432) Mortgcrnery. 8 105| 4
492 Mary Black. - IH] 3
(339) Rubicon, a _..U3 ; 3
528 Grandezia, 5 108 1 1
11
2 1
4
3 1
1 1
2 3
3 3
4
1 2
. '-
3 h
4
11 H. Martin I 8-3 »-">
2 2 !J. Rem 2 IS-5
3 20 [Thorpe 6-3 11-11
4 jßullmaa '100 400
Time 4, :234: 4. :35t; 4. 1:014- Winner, "■". P. Magrane's eh. g. by Eanover-Bless-
fag Good start. Won first three driving.
With a rider up Mary Black might have won. P.ubicca was -•--.-- , barrier
went up. _^_^_ ;
5— ez f. FTFTH Ilfcrnr ssU furlongs: handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 35C0.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
Fin.
Jockeys.
. i
1
tag.
ci.
4m. '
4m.
«m
- -
531 BCorings I 117J 2
527 San Venado, 4 107, 1
424 Ailyar. 3 MOj 4
299 Tc rsi'la. 4.... IPS' 3
3 «*
4
14
3 1
2 2
*
1 !
3 2 _
2 1
32
! =
4
'. - 'Bullrnan ... i 4
2ns jSnencer { 5
3 4 H. Martin I 6-3
4 Thorpe 1 5-2
5
I
1
3
■nme^-4, :244; 4. :434: \. 1:13. Winder. J Conway's i- m. by Bufctaata-Loass Good
start. Won' first three driving.
At the weights Ailyar ran a superb race. In another jump or two ban v enado would
have scored. Torsida. wa=s cutfooted all the way. .___ i
BEsSg SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. Wi-'
ooi« __ • -■
-
4m.
4m.
- -
Fin. |
Jockeys.
, Bet
;op.
4=u
32} Ad Spreckels. 5 121! 3
526 Two Cheers, a. 121 ; l
463 BUI7 McCloskey, 8.124. 6
340 Felicite. 3 », 3
53g Cherrystone, a 124 2
334' Outgo, a 123' 4
4 4
1 h
6
2 4
5 4
3 1
4 h
1 a
6
. h
3 1
5 3
13
2 3
3 3
4 2
5 8
«
1 3
2 l
3 -
4 2
3 4-1
8
1 3 jK. Martin I 3-5 7-13
- 4 Spencer j 17
3Li jW. Narvaez... 4> l'»
4 1 jJ. Woods I 4 7-2
530 tßaßnmn j 8 ri-2
S ;G. Wilson i 30 1W
Xtme—y :234; is. :514: 4. 1:134: mile. 1:48. Winner. E. Ccrrigaa's b. g. by Longfeilow-
T e „-il**Treacy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
"it was finally handed t-i Spreckels. There was no escape. The showing made by Feii-
clte gave her backers lumbags.
Third- Race— Colonel Bartlett. Lcri Chester
field, Reno.
Fourth Race— Sardonic Lady Hurst. Rainier.
Firth Race— Milt Young. tJlnr, Stroogoli-
SLxtii Race— Eendcran. Hcnon. ilorellito.
Results at New Orleans.
NSW ORLEANS. Jan- 50.— Weather clear
aid cool; tracrk faster. Tom Kingsley wa3 the
cniy winning favorite. Results:
First race, selling, one cile^ — Kitty Regsnt
wzn. Gold llin* second. Chancery third. Time.
l "!econd race, six and a half ?utlots?s— Bright
Night won. Casiin second, May Drait third.
s,TUI?!i r*ee. selling, mOe and three-sixteenths
— Tonti won, Bajsquil s«jcond, Tranby thirX
T1 F^urth' W »cc. handicap, seven furlongs-De
bride won. Sir Flonan second. Arplejacfc third.
Tfme I*^3-
Ftfth race, selling, mile and a rtrteentb—
Can I Se* 'Em won, Dalgr°tti second. Zoio
third TiEV?. l:-^^- _
ctxth rar» «elling. six furloars — Tom ixir.ss
lev^^n. Reel second. Ben Frost third. Time,
135%. -
LATE WHEELING ITEMS.
Fourteenth Anniversary of the Bay
Citys to Be Celebrated.
Th* fourteenth anniversary reception
ard ball of the Bay City Wheelmen will
be held at the Maple room of the Palace
Hotel on -Wednesday evening, February
S Thf* affair is tn charge of the following
>• \^ s - t £;. h. W. Spaiding. Archie Reid
axid*Henry L. Day. InvitaUaca may be
had from the members.
Eddie Bald, the noted racer^ is confined
to his room 'at the Palace with a. slight
attack of la grippe.
at^f° Austin Goddard, the popular racer
and traveUn? man. will arrive from Aus
tralia on the Moana on February 9.
The Bay City Club's duplicate whist
tournament commences to-morrow even-
Ins
Tho postponed baseball game between
the Olympics and Bay City? will be held
next Sunday at the Velodrome at . p. m.
lioyd A. McFarland. secretary of the
American Cyclists' Racing Union, came
to town yesterday to consult with Presi
dent Bald.
A.II applications for exhibition space at
thY coming indoor tournament must be
made to A. I Ellinghouse. 53 Columbian
bu-iliiing before January 3L. All the large
dealers will be represented.
WILL SWIM AND DIVE.
Natators Who Will Splash Water at
Sutro Bath 3 To-Morrow.
Among the natators considerable iater
est is manifested in the aquatic contests
which will be held at Sutro Baths on Sun
day afternoon. The following excellent
p.ru gramme has been annotinced:
Sfl-irani dainC novice— J. Halten. O. B<?yfuss,
R Wcodburn, L. St. i.Tair. F. Roderick. H.
\'-'er«on. O. Gallndc. H. Hill=r.
" i>o-'-aM dash. Juvealle— C. Strvalln, D. Ear
ris." A. Hay, H. Swbach. G. Fre«th. E- Xlpp.
TV. Dairsett. E. Bonifleid-
Tub race (two in tub). SO yard*- H. Dcti^h-
# ,i v J Bevta3, D. Macltel. R. Waite. B. Berry.
Otistacl'* race throusth firall tanks — J. Rtß»
-ro«e. A. J. Haittcn, F. Duraa. J. A. Jackson,
X. :-. Hay. H. Seefcach. H. Brrr^
Tri^k an<l fancy sprinsbcard divlnjf— A. Hay.
m ricuehertv H. B«r.sea, Dan Gr^n. H.
Hkl° H S«ba-h. E. Kipp. J. Burins. Fred
Green J. Vander
Trapese and high <iivin* by Gre-ix brothers
and ■ i-.ers. _ _
Will Play Handball To-Morrow.
Th«re are seven double-handed paries
on the list at Pell Ryan's San Francisco
handball court. 553 Howard street, for to
morrow afternoon. Arnons the names are
«ome of the crack players, including Pro
tf>H*or Rlordan, "Jack." Bonnet ana
"Jim" Kealon. vrith others of rep- to
fill in with. The entries are:
D J 3 eteß and If. J. Prendergast vs.
E. "McDonough and E. Lynch.
\V H. Sleberst and V>. H. Kedian vs.
L Waterman and J. R. Bockman.
J. Collins and E. Toy vs. J. White and
E. Barry and R. Housman vs. D. Rea?aa
and G. Magruire.
J. Dealing and M Majuire vs. P. Ryan
and J. Lawless.
J Riordan and P. Hctchinson vs. M. J.
KUgailon and E. Maion«y. . .
j C. Nealon and R. Linehan vs. T. F.
Bonnet and P. Donnelly.
Edward Everett Hale has a sermon
in next Sunday's Call.
Victim of Appendicitis.
STANFORD. Jan. 30.— George M. Beck
ett, captain of the Varsity baseball team.
Is ill with appendicitis. He was taken
sick last Tuesday. -.and that night suf
fered severely, with pains in the stomach.
An operation ; was performed - tins even
THE SAX FKAZS'CISCO CALL, SATODAY, JA>TAKY 21, 1899.
inz. The ca?e Fa a serious one. and prob
ably will keep Beckett out of the diamond
for two months, if not the whole ceasotx.
SOLDIERS' REMAINS
TO BE BROUGHT HOME
The Bodies of Six Hundred. Heroes to
Form Part of the Cargo of "
the Morgan City.
The transport Morgan City will return
from Manila with a grewsome .'.merit
among her can?o. She hi to sail from here
en the 23th fast., and in her hold there will
be 6T,0 coffins, and amon? the passengers
will be ten men from the •.iking par
lors of Halsted & Co.
When the transport reaches Manila the
work of exhuming the remains of the
soldiers who have died down there will
be^in. The b<idie3 will be sealed up In
the coffins and brought home for burial.
The caskets are of the very best material,
and Ur.de Sam is goin^ to see to it that
due honor is paid to those who passed
away while under arms for their country.
Tc^m Talk.
Ths n<><Ki for national encouragement of
science. art 3 and letters Is the sutj^.-x: of an
able editorial in this week Town Tali. Poli
tics, the Press Club's thirteen dinner, what ta
coin? on in the swlna and at the clubs are
topics treated by The Saur.terer. Dr. G. A.
Danziger ha* a powerful story on a timely
subject, the Jewish-CatholJc carnage; Leaven
worth II S±'q and Irene Conneli contribute
poems. Helmont and the symphony concert.
Frank Daniels and 'The "Wediiins Day" are
criticized, and the ... is of In
terest ta the students of handwriting. Mrs.
Birmingham, the contralto, is pictured on tha
front page. :■_■-■ •.-..•....
2To Poison Found.
Morgue Chemist Crackbon yesterday
momlns: completed his nation and
analysis et the stomach of the late Mrs.
J. E. Jslinkey. who committed suicide by
hanging uernelf in the Sausalito House
on Ellis street several days ago. The body
had been embalmed by the undertaker
and for that reason Mr. Crackbon was
unable to state whether the deceased had
been poisoned with an arsenical prepara
tion, but he failed to find any crystals of
arsenic or traces of any other poison. He
la eenffidtefct that Urs. Slinkey did not die
from poison.
THE ISSTJE IN 1900
Discussed by Senator Chauncey
Depew. Embassador Clayton. Sich
ard Croker, Governor Thomas of
Colorado and others, in next Sun
day's Call.
Boxing Permits Granted.
The National Athletic Club has finally
secured the two permits for the holding of
boxing bouts which the Supervisors
seemed reluctant to grranr some weeks
since. This insures th«? meeting of Frank
JlcConnell and Al Netll on the evening: of
the 24th inst.. and then Jeffries and Ken
nedy on February 10. Tounjj: MiLchell was
dented a permit on the ground that he had
no boxers either matched or in view.
ADVEBTISE2EENTS.
■ ■ b h o n-n-H-B^B-g-Hq^gTHß-B '; ■ ; . ■ g .. ■ ']. h ... ■ ,
YOU WANT THE BEST.
For Your Health Nothing Is Too Good— Dr.
Sanden's Electric Beit Is the Best.
IT DOES XOT PAT TO BUT A CHEAP
1 Electric Bait. It is bongrnt lac - rts
vV^a?^, >c > '?*^>* S&S&C* ■ bealtii-brln«ia« power, and "as a rule It
-- JS^li vss-¥' a' •< ,<» taj sani Cieap "lectric tt'.zs a« !lis
O^a^BHJrSr^^Pw J^acWKH^Bß&' che& P l«welry. Tiare are s^i=y which
KSSrv/T'nV' M^ri^ ar; sold on the reputation cf Dr. Sas-
. S£#J ?S^w '-dSmffl^^^Sftit^AXJlfl *ZJL^ a«a'«. welch baa carrf aver 10^000 p«opJe
fcSfj***** £>U PVK^wS^Sf »'dv»'Xi*; la UiS. Zv»r7 iragglfit cliicia to fcavs
fi^Tj^r Di 3 * 4i^ xa '*»?*»^ s *L^^3 cae "'as gxi is sa^-i?3's." but it falls
fcgf^-ilO BLES^9I£ BStf^^SSd^ P^ces lr. t»n or nrte«n <ia73. a=d ths
B-S »^3&i&«^^^v^-^^' ;;E^«* < r fe is?va pries ta waated. Dr. Saadea'i aas the
trM^i^TTCVC^zJ 2 -^^^- 1:S -y^ i T'''?Wff'fvjSf cures, and It is s--a.-3 -:•«■! ta iiT» a
X^fe}f^Mig?^ jf^fl^M^SQr «trans curren^ Jar cne year, or to te rs-
teftia warranted u:-c»" this. Ca:i"a = .| 'sot
•y/"J"r^y '/s*?^''Ul^ • i 3 * doctor about it. cr writ* for fee«
-- " VJTJJV twclc to tna ina-jger.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin^ * ■. ■ ■ .".■ — -*
7CI Xirkst Strtat. Corur la*r»7. Sea 7rmaaia«a. HOT IN CBUS STORES.
Of lce Soars. si.m.to 8 p. a.; Saadays, 14 . * ■ J "_ ' ' __ ■
to I. Bwr.-:te« at la* Aagei««. C*:.. 232 West , Dr- Saad«a'« Electric Belt |
Second atrest; Portland. Or.. 23 Wa*hingtaa to n«v«r sold In drug stares
•treet; Dearer. Colo.. 331 Slxteeata s£n«t; nor i»y travelinj agent*; only
Da;i»a. In, 3S M*Ja «tre«t: Butte. Mast.. at enr ci2ce. ,:
' 118 North 'Mala -rtrset. . ' • » — - ~ — ; ; : »
WHY THE HARES
ARE NOW
RUNNING POORLY.
*******************
Coursing will be In full blast at Ingle
side Park this afternoon. A 72-dog stake
Is a feature which should attract lovers
of the sport from near and far. Owing
to the short days the managers of the
park very correctly decided that an Sfl
dog stake was rather long, and In. future
the stakes will be limited to seventy dags,
which complement will give a longer
breathing- spell between races and also
afford the patrons of the leash quite aa
much amusement as If the entries
amounted to eighty or more dogs.
It is all well enough for the coursing
park to stretch matters a little In the
way of large entries during the summer
months, but in winter fewer entries and
a high-class lot of dogs are what the sup
porters of the game will approve.
If there is anything in the chewing line
that tickles the fancy of a Merced hare
it certainly is a feast on young greens.
The Ingleside jacks are allowed the free
dom of the coursing fields occasionally
and they are known, so to speak, to make
hay wliile the sun shines— L c., they lose
very little time in the enjoyment of a
feast whenever the opportunity is af
forded them. Now that the hares have
grown soft from a change of food their
staying qualities are consequently im
paired and as a result short races are
the rule. Tins will mean that the dogs
that work close and if possessed of speed
should score over their opponents whose
success depends much on their staying
powers.
Previous to the rainstorm the hares
proved themselves in many instances too
much for their pursuers, but then their
food consisted principally of grain, which
hardened their flesh and conditioned them
for trying ordeals.
Doubtless the races will be compara
tively short until the north winds de
stroy the emerald appearance of the park
and until such time those who wager
on coursing- events should figure on speed
to defeat staying powers.
Two of the champion greyhounds of
Merced County are in town. The winner
of the last stake run at Merced. Rosie- R.
with her brother, Johnnie R. arrived a
few days ago and will be trained for the
Ingleside meetings. The owner of Rosie
R doubtless made a mistake in not hav
ing had Boa contesting tn the Park dur
ing the days when the grass was dry and
sparse.
• It is a pretty hard matter to pick the.
■winners of to-day's run-down, but figur
ing oa form the following dogs should
win:
Tod Sloan. Erilliantine, Sharkey, Cariotti.
ThornhlU. Torsido. Terroea, Eclipse. Forget.
Flytn? Buck. Bonlta, Cavalier, Connemara.
Forgive. Syivanius. Racket. Black Hawk. li.ra
Moate, Victor. Gladiator. Hiss Grtazle. Royal
Buei, Sunburst, Jennie Wilson. Van Xe*"ia.
Lady . Herschel. Old Glory. Glen Chloe, Tirlla
nior* Matchless. -"•--- Victor ten,
Flya.xay, Liberty Bell, Glen RO7 and Moun
tain Beauty.
ALL ABOUT FISHES.
Poachers Arrested for Spearing Steel
headi: — Good Sport at Point
►ieyes.
Tin? San Francisco Fly-casting- Club :
will elect a board of fleers for the ensu- ■
lag year at its meeting on Tuesday, Feb- j
ruary 2. -
A prosramrae of the season s Sy-castlng
events on Stow Lake will then be .an
aounced.
The Fish and Game -.-.oners are
highly pleased -with the doings of the
Supervisors of Sonoma County, who. at
a recent meeting, ordained.' Chat ■net fish-
In? oa any of the atreans In the coaaty
will 5e an offense punishable by fine or
imprisonment, or both.
The law will go into effect on February i
1. and the Fish Commissioners will then ;
order deputies to places where the law ■•
la now being violated.
Lat«?st news from Russian River Is to
the effect that steelheads in large num
use of nets of less than seven and a half
freshets and are now swarming in the
«treams which flow into the rHer between
Cloverdale and UWah. The prospects for
splendid trout risking' in the creeks of
Sonoma and M.arm counties next season
are, consequently, very bright.
A letter to the sporting editor or The
Call from a sportsman resident of Point
Arena states that the net fisherman are
catching immense numbers of steelheads
in. the Garcia River and are shipping- them
There is a sportsman's club at Point
Arena, which should interest itself by i
preventing the illegal capture of these
tishes. Netting steelheads in fresh water
is contrary to law, and in tide waters the .
use of nets of less than seven and a half
inch mesh is prohiblted.
John. Gallagher, the champion angler of
Oakland, sent down a very nice box of j
trout from Point Reyes last Tuesday to i
Sir John Butler. The fl.-h were caught i
by means of hook and line in the tide
waters of Paper iliil Creek. Amoiig the
anglers who will journey to the point to
day are James (Doc) Watt, Charley
PTecht. Frank Marcus, Frank Dolliver,
John Butler, John Benn. Frank Vernon,
Eddie Kolb, Ed Ladd. Al Newman. Al j
Wilson, Thomas Byrnes. Ed Boaqul. Al
Smith, Charley Green and doubtless .
many others who have been longing for
an opportunity to hook a game steelhead.
The many friends of R. Terry, the well
known angler, will be pleased to learn
that he is recovering slowly from a severe
attack of la grippe. It is hoped that ha
will soon be seen among his many angling I
acquaintances, enjoying happy moments
on the banks of the Paper Hill Creek,
The wife of Louis ■ Rondeau, another
very" well known disciple of the "gentle I
art," died last week from a pulmonary j
complaint, the result of a bad cold.
The citizens of Pescadero have contrib- j
uted several hundred dollars for the pur
pose of having the immense led are of I
rocks near the month of Pescadero
Creek blown out. This will give an open- i
Ing to thousands of ateelheads to ascend :
that beautiful trout stream during the ;
winter season.
Some of the prominent members of the
Olympic Club are figuring upon giving a
grand sporting goods show in Mechanics' '
Pavilion in June, during which time all
kinds of indoor games will be introduced. '
The arrest of two poachers who were '
canght spearing steelheads In one of the
tributaries to the Throckraorton Lacooa
last Thursday will convince those who :
cannot observe the law that catching
trout by illegal means is a rather costly
entertainment. Seventeen large steel- j
heads were taken from the poachers.
A deputy Fish Commissioner is now ;
watching the Paper Mill and Nicasio
creeks, and he proposes to make matters
uqr person whom he may
catch spearing steeih
BALL GAMES ON SUNDAY.
Contests That Will Be Played in This
City and at Vallejo.
"What promises to be a hotly contested
game is on the books to be played at Val
lejo on Sunday between the Princetons of
this city and the Snowballs of the river
town. Pete Smith and Sexton of th»
Olympics will be on hand to officiate. Th«
elevens will line as follows:
Frineetons. Position. Snowballs.
Schleuter ..Center..... C Grennaa
Hornsmia. — Guard — L T. Grennan
Sullivan ;.. .L— Guard— R.# St.- John
McMahon R— Tackle— L Canty
Evaas Tackle— .. Furlong
Fttzmaurice. R — End— L Brougii
Ble&then L — End — R Bnsnnaa
Hortca —Quarter Le<»
Gresty „. R— Half— L Murphy
Henrici L— Half— R atcDonouga
Mc1atyre. ....... ...Fa1l Soanes
The following letter from the manager
of the Alto Baseball Club Is self-explan
atory:
SAX FRANCISCO. January 13, ISM.
Baseball Editor Saa Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
I noticed a small insertion in this morning's
Chronicle to the effect that the Seattle 3 are
to play the Atbletlca on Saturday and Sun
day. BCow I wish to state that if they play on
Sunday it will not be at Recreation Park,
Eighth and Harrison streets, for the Pacific
Coast Minor Baseball Leagu« has secured th« i
grounds and the Altos will play the Golden
Gates en Sunday afternoon. We . hold a lease ;
of the grounds and Seattl* must secure them
from us In order to play. Th« Alto-Goiden
Gate game or. Sunday aftsrnoon at 2 p. m. i
promises to be the best seen here in a. lon* f
time. Martin M:— i: the well-known player,
will officiate as umpire. Following will '-■ the t
!ir.--np : . . i
Altcs — Golden. Gates.
Wh*lan "Pitcher ...Russell or Murphy
D. Bodie Catcher Reed
Keepan... Fir3t base Xealon
Boradcri Second base Carroll
J. Belie Third base Welch
Pfelffer Shortstop K^lley
Feixuacn Left field Barry
Cranrford .... Center field Beaton ;
Morrison Right field Walters ,
C. Br •••• Extra
Trusting' you will be kind enough to insert •
above in Saturday's edition, and hoping we are
not intruding too much on your kindness, 1 ;
remain. yours respectfully. v.
WILLIAM J. BORADORI.
Manager Alto Baseball Club.
This afternoon the Seattles and Ath
letics will cross bats at 3 o'clock at Recre
attion Park. The following: is the bat
tin? order for the game:
Seattle. Position. Athletics.
Hartman . Catcher Lehman
Andraw3 or "Anal Pitcher ?'.t2-a»iclc
Anderson First base Johnson
R*i'v. Jcsh Second base Hatr.Sey ;
Kleiber Third base McLaughlin
Babbitt Shortstop Stultze !
Parrott. Left field McCarty t
Clark Center field Msaney ;
CDea... Right field HUderbrand [
.■ • ■
It Was a Caviar Mine.
Several years ago sturgeon was one of
the most common fishes in the waters of
the bay and the large rivers of
Central California. To-day compare- 1
tively few are caught, owing to j
the slaughter of past years by :
those who followed the manufacture of
caviar. But few large sturgeon have Been j
taken recently, and those caught have not |
yielded much in the way of spawn. One >
of the largest of the kind taken for some (
time past was sent to this city from Black I
Diamond, Contra Costa County, eater- '•
day. The fish weighed EM pounds, and '
over 84 pounds of spawn was taken from
It, to be converted into caviar. The eggs I
sold for 25 cents a pound, or 121 for the '
whole.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
.pOdF *" Si tKShBTv
DRJEYERS&CO.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS-
Diseases and
Weakness of ,
1 aa MEN
m ONLY.
No Pay Til! Patients Are Cured.
CONSULTATION FREE,
731 Market Street.
TAKE ELEVATOR.
tvuit OR. JORDAN'S G «**
JL Museum of Anatomy
Wll 131 2LL32Z7 Bt.Wi Sti * Tti, S. T. CtL
Q T&« L»ry»it (fits Wad ta thuVwUL-
-1 Al DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*.
&W? \ On.«nit»rt.« m*. Trite ftr B«o* .
$V I vPhiloii^liy^if larriagt.
m a mailxc **>££.
#%f%|||Ba a"d Morphine Habits
! ■ : BilUn — ed a: Honie - Wnte
11*11 IM] ■:•. ritcuiars and
Ui I Will -•-.—
I>DIA> OPIUM CURE. B. D. KtM.niS. |
201 Turk St.. San Francisco. !
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIASUL BITTERS, THE
great Uexicsa renwiiy? rives ■ health and
gtrenstq -..-■ sexual orgaos. Depot. 323 Market.
~~ mmmmmm —~~ — — — — -g
OCEAN TEAVEL. *
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMSKS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR- }
ncr First end Braanas streets, 1 p. m.. far j
YOKOHAMA mat HOJiGKOXO. caliini at I
Kcte <H!e?o>. ■ Nagasaki and Soan^hal. and '
connectia at Honskonjj with steamers for j
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa lay !
: Of salllas. i
NIPPON* MAF.t" Wedr.ejrtay. Jan 3 ■
AitERICA UARU Tuesday, Feh. 21 i
HONGKONG MARr ..Friday. March II '
Rotir.: tickets at reduced rates. Far i
tr tight and pas3a«e apply at company's odea, j
: 421 . Mari&et street, corner First. . I
vV. B. CXIRTIS. G«aeral Agent, j
i Gompagnis Genersie Transatlaotlque.
~ (French Line)
i DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS * *^_
(FRANCE). Saili=« every Saturday <V235>
at 10 a. m- from Pier 42, North «JBwaßfc
River, foot of Mortar* »tre«t.
LA NORItANDEE Jan. M
LA GASCOGNE A _ .Feb. "4
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. U
LA BRETAGNE Feb. IS
LA TOCRAINE Feb. S
g! First class to Havre. ItS and upward, 5 p«r
cecfc reduction on round trip. Second class to
Ha.vr». J45. 10 p<r cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR CNITED STATES .
AND CANADA. 3 Bowiin* Green. New Tart
J. F. FTGAZI * C0..- Pacific Coast A«ent». i
llantsaciery are., San Franclscc
- ADVERTISEMENTS. "■■■ r
SECUmTYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^L^^^
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE CARTERS FOR 01ZZIMESS. SEE
* LL CARTERS FOR OIZZINESS. LC
rrvifvr •iTTLE 'TO* IIUOUSKSS. rrV nvc
6EMINE if l/ro for torpid live*. uENUINE
I PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR BLjB FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
NfiAlTllK {Sl^ iFORTHECOMPLEIIOa WK^«*
_. , C— —V' U LNJ_ MUST SIP KATUaC.
"_p_^i_srr_iir> oisr 3R.2U3D PAPER."
A .1 c ? R
\ I ltf&^^le KNIFE or PAIN
A 1 GlßßmiiiiSlsS^^^ No Pay until Cured
Any liunp in a wo- :
mat'3 'breast is ca :
'■aßaaM ' and -f allowed to get '
large, ilwavs poison* :
*-° -' i: - ' 3 ' a *^ c a'^a- j
li.'^s Sam is iraposai- j
We, Face tad lip also tbtt eennon place*.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured. ,
S.R.CHAMLEY.M.D4 Office 25 Third St. S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
* &Q^62oKi:Aß.\Y>iT. Estabßaced
Sr\ t^^^S ln I* 3 "* tor th* traatnj^nt o* PrtTata
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62oKEiBXT«T. BCbMbbbbl .
in IH3-* forthetroa:a«nt »>* PrtTata ,
DJj«ems*B. Loet Xaaho»«l r>tiilt7 of |
% c *^Li'£SPJi *iin' Dis^M*^. 'r=p doctor enrw^* hen
jJaß{?Sffi*^B nc tiers faJL Try fatal. Cnarg-es tow j
f:iri>«;uririairr4. f
Sr.J. £*• IBBO>, Box 3337. £aa Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Iht Strainers >ay* Broadway
LJ^Ster. wharf. San Francisco:
W?'as s *K~-^ ?■-•" Alaskan pcrts. 19 a. m..
■PbJ^SaX Ja=. 11. IS, ::. 2*. SI; Feb. 5:
SgaKavSkl " ; "*- ; a - Seattle.
■BK^^^aMi Fcr Victoria. Vaacour^r. 3.
*St^K^S&l C.I. Port Towrs^ad. ?eattl».
* aaV Taccma. Everett. Ana.:^rtes !
and New WTaatcotn (Wasn). i
10 a. ■ Jan. 11. 15. n. IS. Jl:
Feb. 5 and ever? fifth day thereafter; cfcansa
at «*attl<s to tals csarnrany's »t*araers far
Alaska and G. N. By. . a; Taccma to N. P. Ry. :
at Vancotrver to C- P. R >" •_
• For Eureka. (KUTnboldt Bay), 1 p. m.. Jan.
14, I*. 14, »; Feb. 3, and every fifth, day there- ;
For Santa Cm, Monterey. San Simeon. .
Calces Pert Harfwl. Baa Lais OWspo).
GaVlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. KMaaaaßa. .
San Pedro. East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and
Newport. » a. m.. Jan. 12. 1«. K. 24. 23; Feb. j
L «-ad every fourth day th*r»af>er.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Kar- J
ford (Ska Ln!» Oolspo), Santa Bartara. Port I
Lo« Angeles and Redonda (Lea Ai^°'>- 11 a.
m.. Jan. 14, IS. B. 56. M, Feb. 3. and e-wy
fourth day th«reaft«»r
For En3«>nada. Masdal<»na Bay. £an Je» del
Cabo. Mazatlaa. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rcsslia
and Guarmaa (Hex.). W a. m., Jan- 14. Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 5.
Fcr further -'•— -i* ■- obtain folder.
Tne cornpon7 reserves the right ta Chans'*
without pr»rtons notice, steamers, sailing dat»s
«-.' - -,-'=- Bay.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
, street (Palace B*ts4)
1 GCODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A*t»..
10 Market *t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & CO.
t->tc-o vt FAST BTKaVJUsU to
PORTLAND
From 'Spear-street WharS at 18 a. m. •
C*QC *12 First Class Including Berths
IAnC S3 Second Class and Mia!-.
CciumMa saUs Jan. 3. U. a, Feb. Z.
State of Caiifornia satis Jan. I. IS. 23. Feb. T.
Short lias to Walla Walla. Spokane. Buna.
Helena and all .-•= •- ths Nortiws*:
Ttrsusli t:.:k*ta to an points East.
B. C. WARD. General Agrat.
830 Market street
GOOD ALL. PERKINS 4: CO..
Sacerbstffndeata.
i S lulu and Auckland for
3 >. Sydney Wednesday.
fniHMMI Jan - ■* ft. atAJO-
S ■ ■
SfiylflSPJl)'^ s - s - AUSTRALIA
J? r* l^ . ■. 1: ! p. m.
! Line to COOLGARDIE. Aostralia. and CAPS
TOWN, Scnth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Ag-enta.
: 111 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— C7 Mi--" ?i. San FrtncUco.
BAY AND BIVEB STS rVTVrETia.
FOB 0. S. HAYY-YABD AMD YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Man.. Toes., Wed., Thars. and Sat — '
9:45 a. m.. 3.15 p. m. (3:S> p. m. except Thur.)
Fridays ..........1 p. m, and 8 -JO p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and » p. m.
arrrHng and of Sees— Mission Dock. Pier I
Telephone Main Mft
EAILSOAD TSAVZL.
CALIfOLNU NO2Tn¥ESTm IT. CO.
LESSEB
SAJI FBAMGISCO AMD ROBTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TlSuxoa Fcxtj. FtMt oX Mork«t St.
_ SAN FRANCISCO TO im K.VFA2I*.
TTEEK DATS— 7:JO. } .«. UN a. a-. U Ja,
. J:3O. 5:19. «.» p. m. Thursdays— trtai ;
: at U. 30 p. m. Saturdays— trlsa at i-» !
and 11:30 p. m. i
BXTNTaTS— 9:30. U.« a. m. : I:*. »^"»
1:00. «:!• p. aa.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEES DATS--*. ld. T:3«. »:3J. Una a. b».; 12."«,
1:40. 5:10 p. to. fiiturdai<«— trips at
1:55 and i.Zi B. m.
6rXDAYS-i:l«. »:40. 11:10 a- «-: l*»t, *4*
i:<K) 6:2 P- m.
Between San. Francisco and Echaetzea Par*
hit* schedule 13 ibcv-. ________
Lea'"> * Arrlv*
Ean Francisco. In Effect San Fraacise*.
Octcoer is. —
Week I Sun- 1338. Sun- | Week
Days. [ days. 1 Destination. days. : Day*.
7:Joara( B:CJam Novato. 18:«arn : 8:44 \m \
1:30 Km 3 a— « Petaluma. «:li>pm l»^Sira ■
. 1:10 pcj. S:WpnJ ganta Rosa. IJSpni »:apa |
| I Fulton.
: tJSaa Windsor. J»-J»a» \
HesJdsbars.
- Lytton.
GeyservUle.
1. pm( StOO in Cloverdale. I^3 pa *:£!;:=» ;
; Hoplaad and
7J»am l:fiOaa Uktai. j 7:35 pmi *:22 ya
f-jeam! iifl:Js *aa
• S:oCazn Giieraevtlle. 7:Spmi
3:33pna . ; |l:JJpm |
I:Juaml »:00a2=' Sonoo» 10.40 ami S« *m f
and
*:10pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. { *:iopc; J:Spia j
7 am 1:00 am SebastopoL 10:4-Ja=i 13:23 am
J:-H);: arflOpml [T:3Spm J^2pm j
"fitages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wsst j
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprinsa. at Gey- !
s«rvnie f«r Ekaggs Spr.ngs; at Goverdala :-r !
the Geysers: at Hepland for Dtmcan Sprtan.
Hlrhlaad Springs. Keiseyvli'.e. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Laieport and Bartletc
Bprtags; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Cell Lake. Witts*
(springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Vall»y.
John Day's. Riverside. Lterley's, BuclcneUTs.
£anhedria Heights. Hullvtlle. Boone7ille. Orr-»
Hat Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. t"*a:. WUUtts. Laytonvine. Cam.
miss's. Bell's Sprtass. Harris. OUen's. Djse, i
Scctia and EareUa.
Saturday to Monday rcund trip tickets at {
reduced rates. "
On Sundays round trip tickets ts ail poiats ;
fecyced San Rafael at naif rates.
TlcketOfflce*. «58 Uarkat at. Chronic!* bids. -
H- C. WHITIXG. R- X. RTAS. :
Geaeral Manager. " G«n. Paaa. Axaat. j
_____ . : ■
HOOIT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY, f
iV.a iiaiiullfn Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco^ eociaaeacta c Susdar. '
Bert. 11. ISM:
Week Days— a. as.. 1:« p. m.
Susdays— B :». 10:00. 11:30 a. re . 1:15 9. sa>
Bound trip from Mill Valley. O. ; . "
THOS. COOK «V EOS. Aganta. « Markat
ftrwc Saa Fraaciaco.
BA-L-U3A.T) TBAVEL.
aoiTHKKS rAriric coipist.
(r ♦ciri-: • . -:■ in.
Train !«!•«• »■«*- kn 4a« to urrlit ml
MAX ITK*X4IIM».
fjf»m Line, Toot of itartes SSrwt.?
CSa-n — Fbo_ De» IS. 1333. — asstti
•«:••* Xiles, 3»a Jose and Waj Stations... *«:*3a
7:»») . B«rti<_% Sols—i »ad Baeraau . ■ •1:43?
■;:•<»* M_-3Tilie. Oro*_* tad Emidir. j r_.
Woct__ld ........--•-...... ...... 3^43F
?:«** Ertmira, ViariSe »nd Bmasey S*43r
YxSKa _«rsi;te3. Samen, V iliejo. N'»f*.
Ci— toa »c-i >«vis» Boa «:!3p
§:«•• A --ji;itK- Eipreaa. ■ ■gii.'ti and Kut . lilTal
■_I«a sin Jaae. liiaiucce. aaaal
lone. Saanmcaso. P_csri_e.
lUtjstv , : . Chico, i;r! iiin.l 4il3p
•:*«i *st:: ■..;;■.. Oafcltalif ■- J— resto— a... 4:13?
•••♦♦i M»r_as2, Trt(!7, I_t_rop. dtocktnn,
_Tsre»<l*B4*rßaao l*:l3f
•>:••* Ki-*'.<>, HaaaritiilJ. 'Santa Kuri-or*.
Los Ans— £3, Demicg, £1 Pine,
' Jfe- Orl»»as and East . Msf
l»-«Oi Tafcjaj Mar«in« ir.l WafMaalsaa 7:4^?
13>««_ Iftlea, liter— ors, BhaaatO*. .■>*_«•
—-•r.to. llauil.rt*, Itaof.iwi. V__ia,
Pcr.err__ 4:13p
•Ir»«r Sa__—cntt> lUver Ss«aai"-» **;o>«r
*:++t lfu_iKx. dan Ramon. V •*:>!•>,
Sir 1 CVbtoirv Suit* Rosa »:ia»
4:««r Bea.<n». Taaajfßa, feacrameneo,
H"«i7<i_ ind, Kni(at< f unrftm,
M_-stCl«, On>»ill«» 1»:<»a
4:ZQt Niinß, 3aa Jo«e aad atecta Sen 7:1.1p
»:««r dan Fraaciacc and Los Acs«ies
L___ - Fieanc BakeimaeUJ. Lea
__;._•„ , .... . .. • m mil »T43A
Mpratataa, Merced, Fr_oo. ISiIS*
3:30p Mirln-^. Trxc? «n<lc*_, Fr-«n«,
Ms'it», ».!:!■ » i.^rbam and I^_
Ani- at . * *•!»
{S 'OOP FadSs Ccast L.'m:t*t El Paso,
Fert Worth. Little Rock. Be
Lcu'.s. Chicago aad Eajt..... |»:4SA
5ll9? "fit« V- Km . . »v.....«.. »,.i>rc_
for Moi»»<> au.i _-«..- . *-*»?
et««F K,ir..penn Mai.. •; i {-l-s.. sad Kat.... •■4' i »
««••? HftTwaida, Slits aad Baa Jose T:«a,
•«lii»«r V_JeJ<» . ... 11:13*
t7t««r TaOejo, Port Costa and War Sta-
tions *«:♦»?
>.<S)r Oregon !tspre««,S«eru»iento, Mar»»-
T.lie. dnliiiiif, Purthintl. Pitfet
Hmti^im! East ■:!»*
<l*:«Sp3an«<s U3ift»d. T«eBO. I. at
Aaawles, S) Paso. Se— Orieaca
ac-E-rti ■■.. bits*
sT> DTiTmtlT am) iMtW4_iK LOCAL.
(Foot of _— rk<t Star^gt.)
' Beir»««>. *emi*arj Park, f.
■:•«* KJirSiWarir. Kiiuit : ■ «:I3 v
i3:0<) » Haa I.c^a.iro. >':ath Sia t*9:43_
19.94* Leaa4r«. !>Jit3<tnio, !•»«»»
OBsaaa - Urain. Cberrj • »***2 P
3t««p _,| t1:45?
3:««P H.iw.ra*. '*»«'
7t# * ? i Eaaa Usr.; . w sues. * •***
I Fro— i Kile*. I
COAST DIYInIUI (MamiTT tt*;«'.
■ Mt of iturJtEt Street. > '
8:13.1 y— r_*.t'i?ascrTiiie,3iia. Jcse.yeison.
_on!<l«rCrrek,Bac!_Cra3a_>lWij
SUSci« 3:3«»
*»il3p Jf swart, Oaatarvaai S»n Jose, 5 rw
At_«den, ror, TVn!*rr Creek.
.s_!-a Oroz sad :'rin_s*l W»f
S»:l.T_l . ...... •!•-.■'»•»
4sl3e^mrt +*r. Jaw»aadl_sG2_ca... 9:2« a
(11:43? ttutUeis T. icar«:.sn, Saa Joae and
W»T SUlkm* t7—
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fas 315 Maaaaaßß--Ja_ a* SuktC StrnC (S_j 3:~
•7:13 - M» ll:9fi*.Sf. tl^3 *_:C3 J3:C3
•t :: :: :: *5:C3?.K.
rrs_a»xujß— ?_t«r3r_iTiT.— -C:<» *.«» io^o*_i.
::: :: •: ■: 12:53 "*3: C: l*9t '5.-CCPJI.
' COAST nrriNinN ; n.-nt-i Gaare}. *
(Third _»«! T- oaaod SU.)
itHtHu Jm — «l Way tflrtfnna Saw
_Im4a;n WednesJaja only) Is 3«»
>:••* Man Joau. Trw Pin<». H»ak4 Caaai
r*.-:''C — n>ft, F<n> !;■•»;■ - Saa
1 mh Ohisga. C— l— tl'4?«, 3iirl ai.d
l*rfcicipi_ War .Satirna «sl»»
I»:4»\ 8«n J«»»«:..1 W»y .SUllm* ... •*=••*
ll:»s>. Saa J «ae »n<l V»'»y Suasions 8:i»*
**:-!3r tea Matsu. E«hrood. STenia Park;
P-iij Alas. 9aci_ Clara, t»b . J.-.ss.
OTr-'y, Er,n_ 6«, JilnU Cruz.
•alams. MoauiTar .iv.i r*d
Gcore •I«iS«».
•*»•- 'San .I«« *-= '"•' 3UCf«ns *»-.«O 4
-■rt»r Sin J ■;«*:■••. Prnclrral W,» aaasj 9:4-5*
*3:<M?aaaS*«ii..i>l r"r.r.irp», *Vir ■•ssv.ioca Si 33*
3:3«r San Jose »»<! Pria=!ii*l ■.— i". ;r.a 3tSO?
€:3«- »a.i Jose ami Way - atio«ui T:sor
(ll:<3f Han J_w>«n.i Wat Stati.ioa tiAQir
A for M ri.ina. P fnr A?"err:c«e.
• <4x»«ia.rs nerfitad. t San—m oo!y. ♦ .*atiir.Uj» only
fMnadari aad faaaaßaga ■ IWaMaaai and Saturda7_
(is«tTiri«'W and We_i«adan. £T— — sdvrs __t SondaTS.
I Califernia
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves _an
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUN DA if. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday. Saturda ■
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAT?, Ob-
servation . Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ul FHASC I nnrfwßK— m mm a
BUmn MATS ISO.
Oakland Offica— lllB Jboacwy.
S»cr__e_to OSca— 23l / Street.
S«a J«a« o_is«— 7 West S»_ta C!_r» Si
■OBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sas-Klito Ferry.
FP.OII SAN KRANCISCO TO MILL TALLKT
AXD SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *T:_), rkS). U:«jQ a. n_; •!:_,
3:43. 5:15. *«:00. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS — For San Rafael on Mon-
days. "Wednesdays, and Saturdays at 11:30 p. is.
SUNDAYS— «S:C4. •W.GO, tIJ» a- m.; •l_s
3:00. '4:33. «:E5 p. DX,
Trains marked * run to San Qnectlru
FP.OM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:_i T *5:33, T:_, ISO a. na,;
•12:;n. 2:20. 5:05 p. d.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wedaesdaya
and Saturdays at S:4O p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. *S:6O, ,»ia:CO. • -'- 55 a. a.;
•I 1". *3:I0. 4:40. '1 20 p. m.
Trains ntark«?d * start from San Quentin.
FROM HILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 5:43, 7:35, 9:43 a. nu;
12^35, 2:45. 3:s<>, s^o p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, IQ^S a. m.; 12:<S. 1:20, J:2O,
S:W, 6.20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .;
":20 a.m. week days — Cazarlero and wa7 sta'tts.
1:43 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan 311113 aad way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan HiTls and way sta's.
THE SAM FHAHOISGa ASD SAH JOAQOSI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAHY.
From Nov. ia. ISW. trains wtit run aa Calico:
Ecath-boond. j N-rtli-toa3£l.
Pasien- Mixed. j Mixed. [Paasea-
scr. Sunday Sundays «ar.
Dally. jExCptd etatteas. {Zxe^ptdl Dallr.
|:»ar^ :■: JOaatt etocktoa I:4s ptaf S:SJB=a
J»::0am 2:'Tspra M*rc«<i 12 .« pan 4^!3p=a
tl:4oarD 3:3opm Fresco i-Ji=! !.Cpa
BJipml 7:«pm| Hanlord 7:45 am j l*Satai
i:»pm'l2:3oaml Baiersfleld i^oiciill^»aa»
1J :a ; - a:sopml Vrsalla. t:tgani! I:Sgai
Stcpplna; at tnt«rn:ediata potots aa retiuired.
Tor particulars of stage and other coaaectioos)
taquir*. at Traffic ilaaajs^fs Otfica, 111 lUri*c
lUut. Eaa rraadaco. - .■
Weeif Call, $1.00 B§rYear
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WATER FIGHT
HAS ALREADY
OPENED UP
Private Owners May
Refuse to Pay.
THF. COUNCIL TO BE TESTED
NO LEGAL SCHEDULE OF RATES
NOW EIIISTS.
The "Solid Six" Will Have an Oppor
tunity to Prove Their i-ealty
to -hose Whom They
Represent,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broadway, Jan. 20.
The facts connected with the consolida
tion of the two water companies published
In to-day's Ca.ll were eagerb- discussed in
this city. The prospect that Oakland
would be called upon to pay water rates
that would give G per cent on a capitaliza
tion of $9,000,000 is not looked upon with
favor, as it would mean more than dou
bling the rate now in force.
The water question has been revived,
and the bills of the municipality which
are now held up by the Board of Works
will serve to revive afresh the scandal of
a year ago.
Next Monday night the bills will be
brought up and the Council will have to
take some action regarding them. A reso
lution will be introduced by Mr. Glrard
recommending that the bills be not paid,
and then the vote will show Just how each
member stands.
At this time, when many of the mem
bers are candidates for re-election and
many more are contemplating becoming
bo, the question of water rates is of para
mount importance. Whether the solid six
will vote to pay the bills or whether one
of them will switch to the honest five is
matter for speculation, but those who are
supposed to know declare that there will
be no break in the vote ajid that there will
be found six Counellmen ready to give
the water companies the money to which
they are not entitled.
Even should this be done, some citizens
will doubtless mandamus the City Auditor
from paying the lulls, as City Attorney
li'iw has given his opinion to the Fire and
Water Committee that there are no legal
rates now in existence and that the ordi
nance vetoed by the Mayor and the reso
lution passed w'lthout Inquiry are alike in
valid. Just how far this opposition to
paying water rates may go is problemat
ical, but if individual consumers follow
the example of the city and decline to pay
It cannot be foreseen what the results will
be. Th< law provides that the penalty foi
collecting water rates except upon a legal
schedule shall be forfeiture of the plant.
While nobody believes that any such ex
■ judgment will be meted out, it is
evident that there Is much trouble ahead
for the water companies.
MARY BATTLES IS
GRANTED A DIVORCE
THE CHARGES OF EXTREME
CRUELTY SUSTAINED.
The Wife of an Alameda Politician
Tells a Sad Story of Domestic
Trials
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. January 20.
Judge F. B. Ogden this af t< moon grant
ed a divorce to Mary «. jiattles from
Ward Buttles, a well-known politician
of this city, on the ground of extreme
cruelty. The plaintiff was awarded cus
tody of the minor child, a girl 9 years old;
alimony at $30 r>or month, and the use of
the family homestead on San Antonio
avenue, Alamtda, for a period of ten
years.
The defendant did not appear, and Hen
ry McPlke, attorney for Mrs. Battles, re
quested that the rase be tried behind !
closed doors, but Judge Ogden declined j
to make such an order. Mrs. Battles was
accompanied by several Alameda ladies,
who testified to tin- defendant's partiality
to the flowing bow!, his absence from
home nights, and the fact that last Oc
tober Mis. Battles suffered from a badly
discolored eye, supposed to have resulted
from defendant's cruelty.
Mrs. Battles also testified. She cited nu
merous instances of the husband's short
comings in failing to give her the where
withal to conduct the household; that he
struck her in the eye last October, and
very frequently came home under the In
fluence of liquor, to which she attributed
all family troubles. On several of those
occasions the defendant "had scared her
nearly to death" by tying a lot of tin
cans to a long string, taking the string
Into tho bedroom and then pulling it on it
until the rattling of the tlncans would
almost arouse the neighborhood. Thus he
made night hideous and forced her to
• seek relief.
LIPKA DID NOT SHOOT.
His Wife Proposes to Prosecute Her
Suit for Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 20.
Attorney Mitchell was not shot dead
to-day by Elkan M. Llpka, but the Lipka
divorce case was dismissed.
.The exclusive publication in The Call
this morning' of \X\<: tragic threat of Mr.
Llpka that unless Attorney Mitchell ac
ceded to his wife's wishes and dismissed
t.he divorce suit he (Lipka) would shoot
off the top of Mr. Mitchell's head, caused
much interest in the case among attor
neys at the Court House. The troubles of
tho Lipkas have been before the public
for some time and a divorce suit was ex
pected long before it was filed. There Is
a large amount of property owned by
them and this had more influence on the
suit than any of the evidence alleged to
be in exist i
Llpka and liis wife became prominent I
about three months agu by having aquar
rel on Broadway, on which occasion Of
ficer Scanlan threatened to arrest him if
he said one more Indecent word to his |
•wife on the Btreet. Some time later a dl- i
vorce suit was filed and an attempt was
made to trap Lipka in a Washington |
street lodging-house. The existence of
. the scheme had been tipped off to him
and he engaged the services of a police
officer to establish his innocence.
Lipka and his wife a few days since
compromised their quarrel to some ex
tent and Mrs. Lipka expressed a desire
to have the divorce suit dismissed, hut
her husband understood that her attor
ney advised her differently. This angered
Lipka and the scene of yesterday
with the threat followed. Llpka
says he is perfectly willing: for
his wife to get a divorce on statutory
grounds, but he will not permit a sepa
ration to be granted in which any erim- I
inal allegation is set up.
In the Superior Court this morning the
suit of Llpka vs. Lipka was dismissed at
the request of the wife ami because Bhe
deaires to file a new romplaint.
Attorney M. C. Chapman, who is now
associated with Attorney Mitchell, says
that Lipka's behavior is entirely uncalled
for and that his associate had no Idea of
doing anything unprofessional. Mitchell |
Is still of counsel for Mrs. Lipka and says \
Llpka was not nearly so aggressive us he i
would have the public believe.
Bobert Barr has a capital story in
next Sunday's Call.
LOOKING FOR
A CANDIDATE
FOR MAYOR
Snow Admitted to Be
Very Strong.
THE RADICALS MAY UNITE
A RUMOR ABOUT BREED IS
PLAINLY FALSE.
Independents and Democrats May
Decide to Fight the League-Re
publican Candidates — Bros
nahan Talks.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 20.
It is not Improbable that the independ
ent Republicans and the Democrats will
repeat the trick played so ably by the
Municipal League and the Republicans.
It is rumored that the Independents will
put up a ticket that will receive the sup
port of the nominations of the Democrats
and that the issue will be along the same
lines as prevailed four years ago.
Just whom the Independents will select
for Mayor is in doubt. The names of
John L. Davie, M. J. Keller and Fred V.
Wood have been brought forward, but not
one of them will say anything positive ex
cept that he will not go out of his way
to get the nomination.
The situation regarding the mayoralty
is of more than general interest. Auditor
Snow, who has been nominated by
the League and the Republicans,
will have a walkover unless all
the opposition be confined to one
candidate, in which event Mr. Snow will
have a hard struggle. That the conserva-
tive and radical factions of the city are
pretty evenly divided is shown by the
municipal elections of the past four years.
On one occasion Davie, representing the
radicals, beat J. W. Nelson of the con
servative element. Two years ago Mayor
Thomas, then of the conservative ele
ment, now a doubtful quantity, only beat
Mayor Davie, a pronounced radical, by
74 votes. This condition is generaJly main
tained, and it matters not to a great ex
tent how many candidates are in the
Held, the issue generally simmers down to
these lines. •
Auditor Snow, the choice of the con
servatives, is not altogether unacceptable
to a portion of the radical element, while
at the same time he can hardly be called
the choice of some of the conservatives.
Should the Independents and Democrats
unite on a man to head the ticket it would
not be a sure thing to pick the winner.
The contest over the auditorshlp, so far
as developed, is almost as interesting.
Arthur H. Breed, a Republican, and D. C.
Hlnsdale, a Leaguer, are nominated, but
there is a general impression that the
Republican candidate is largely in the
lead. Mr. Breed is the chairman of the
Republican County Central Committee,
and as one-half of the county politics is
done in Oakland, Mr. Breed may be con
sidered as the choice of the organization.
When the Municipal League announced
its platform, which is very favorable to
the acquisition of land for public parks.
It was freely whispered that owners of
realty anxious to sell to the city had
caused their influence to be felt,, and this
was strengthened when It became known
that the League was to nominate A. H.
Breed. The turning down of Mr. Breed by
the League, however, dispelled this Idea,
because had any such influence been
brought to bear it would have been strong
enough to have nominated Mr. Breed, who
is identified with one of the real estate
concerns anxious to make a trade with
the city.
Councilman Brosnahan, at the meeting
of the Democratic City Central Committee
last night, said that the ticket of the
Municipal League would not be recorded
and that its candidate for Auditor, Mr.
Hlnsdale, would withdraw in favor of the
Republican nominee on condition that he
be retained in his present position as
Deputy Auditor. Just what foundation
Mr. Brosnahan had for saying this is not
known, but it is positively denied by the
Municipal League and Mr. Hinsdale.
The situation politically will bear watch
ing. There are Indications in many direc
tions that strenuous efforts will be made
to split up the decent vote in some wards
in order that gang Councilmen may be
elected. These movements have hardly as
yet shown their heads, but the surface is
already ruffled, and within a few days
many such attempts to perpetuate scan
dalous government will bob up.
CAPTAIN DUNHAM'S DEATH.
The Passing Away of a Pioneer Sea
faring man.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.—Captain Woodruff
Dunham died at the Receiving Hospital
this morning from injuries sustained last
Tuesday night in a fall through an open
hatchway into the hold of the ship In
diana at the Franklin street wharf. In
the fall the deceased fractured several
ribs and received other internal injuries.
Later pneumonia set in.
Deceased was a native of Connecticut,
aged nearly 70 years, and was one of the
best known local seafaring men, having
come here in 1850. In the early days he
sailed schooners on the bay, the Golian
being one of his fleet. He also established
brickyards at California City, Marin
County, in company with Lew Merrills
and Lew Williams, two fellow townsmen
from Connecticut. In those days he con
tracted with Jim Fair, J. w. Mackay
Sharon. Flood and O'Brien, at their min
ing camps, and in his time he accumu
lated a fortune reaching $150,000, but
through the mining stock market he lost
the bulk of it. He leaves a widow, one
sen and a daughter.
■ ♦ ■
Reddy Jurors Disagree.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.— The jury in the
cus.- of John P. Reddy, charged with
criminally assaulting little Irene Shat
tuck of Alameda. was out from 3 o'clock
this afternoon until 10:15 to-night, when
Judge Hall discharged the iurcirs because
they could not agree. They declined to
state Just how they stood.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hnnyadi Janos
, y . Natural Laxative Water
Has Merit: 'Reputation: Superiority.
FOR — *.
Constipation and Hemorrhoids
IT IS UNEXCELLED.
Beware of Substitutes!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
HONORED WITH THE MYSTIC
BADGE OF SCHOLARSHIP
Berkeley -Students Elected to Phi Beta Kappa- -Jk o-Ed
Among the Number.
BERKELEY, Jan. 20.— The California Chapter of the honorary fra
ternity of Phi Beta Kappa has made its first selection of new mem- •
bers from the student body of the university. The grounds for •
selection were based upon high attainment in scholarship, and the ■
names of those who have been thus recognized are: David R. Cur
tiss. Miss Clotilde A. Grunsky, Harold S. Symmes, Roy Victor Nye
and Arthur M. Ellis.
Phi Beta Kappa is an honorary fraternity, founded toward the close
of the last century among the New England colleges. Its membership
is limited to those alone who have shown marked ability during a col- ■
lege course, and students are not elected until just toward the close of ■
their college career. The fraternity's Insignia is a flat, oblong key, made •
of gold, and stamped with the Greek letters of Phi Beta Kappa. To wear •
one of these is looked upon as one of the highest honors and the most ■
coveted marks of recognition in the academic world. Phi Beta Kappa •
has chapters in forty of the leading colleges and universities in the coun- ■
try, its presence at any institution being looked upon as one of the surest •
guarantees of national standing. The California chapter was organized •
during the latter part of 189S, its charter being granted at the fraternity's •
last national convention. It was with considerable difficulty that the ■
charter was obtained^ as the society's policy has always been dominated •
by a strong conservatism, and it never enters any college without lirst ■
being sure that its standard of scholarship is of the very highest. About •
twelve of the professors in the Berkeley faculty are entitled to wear the •
golden key, and chiefly through their influence and representations the ■
mystic badge was brought west of the Rockies. The decision of the national ■
organization to come to California was regarded at the time as being one •
of the most signal honors which the university had gained during its ■
whole history, for now its graduates enter the classic circles of Eastern ■
college men on a level of perfect equality with them.
The Berkeley chapter organized Itself immediately after the granting of
the charter, and elected officers as follows: President, Professor Willard ■
B. Rising; First vice president, President Martin J. Kellogg; second vice ■
president, Professor George H. Howison; third vice president. Professor ■
Irving J. Stringham; secretary, Dr. Kendrick C. Babcock. After organi- •
zatlon the chapter proceeded to elect new members, and its choice fell •
upon the five names above as being the students who by their high at- •
tainment in scholarship were deemed most worthy to be numbered within ■
the fraternity's ranks. Their names have just been announced.
Miss Clotilde Trunsky is president of the University's Associated •
Women students and a prominent member of the Young Women's Chris- ■
tian Association. Harold Symmes is editor of the Daily Californian, editor
of the University of California Magazine and president of the U. C. Dra- ■
matic Club and the U. C. Sketch Club. Curtiss, Nye and Ellis have
made the finest records in their studies of any students in the university. •
They all enjoy the distinction of being the first California collegians to be ■
awarded the golden key and to pass into the brotherhood of recognized •
undergraduate scholars.
NEARLY SMOTHERED
TO DEATH IN MUD
A. B. SMITH SINKS TO HIS
CHIN IN SLIMY SLICKENS.
Lost His Way in the Darkness and
Fell Off the Narrow Gauge
Pier.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 20.— A. B. Smith of 833
Polk street, San Francisco, nearly lost
his life last nife'ht In the soft black mud
that Is being pumped up by the dredger
between the seawall and the narrow
gauge pier. He had sunk Into the. slimy
slickens nearly up to his chin, when hlg
cries for help were answered by Night
Watchman Joseph W. Josephs, who with
difficulty rescued the man from his peril
ous position.
Smith's account of himself Is not very
clear. He says he came from San Fran
cisco to apply for employment on the
dredger, but instead of going there he
started to walk along the trestle to Oak
land. He lost his way in the darkness
and stepped out into the soft mud. At
first he sank only to his knees, but as he
made frantic efforts to get out he began
going down deeper and deeper, and would
have gone entirely out of sight and prob
ably would never have been heard of
again had it not been for the timely as
sistance of Josephs. The man was taken
to the pumphouse and kept there until
this morning, when he was escorted to the
City Prison. Smith is still there, wrapped
in blankets, waiting for his clothing to
dry. He gives a graphic description of
his sensations as he sank deeper and
deeper to almost certain death.
"I thought my time had come for sure,"
he said. "I was sinking, sinking all the
time, and the more I tried to get out of
the mud the deeper I got into it. The
slime seemed to be climbing up and suck
ing me down.
"The feeling of the stuff as I gradually
went down, down was fearful, and almost
drove me mad. I lost all hope, and ex
pected every moment that the mud would
rise above my mouth and smother me. I
felt sure it was all off with me. I re
viewed my past life in a hurry, and won
dered if my chances in the next world
would be good. I saw a light shining ovor
the mud and heard some one coming just
es I had sunk down to my chin. I never
felt so happy In my life as while I was
being dragged out of that slime."
FOUND WHAT HE LOOKED FOR.
J. R. Bigler Searches for Trouble and
Runs Into Lots of It.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 20.— J. R. Bigler, an
Alameda business man, was severely
beaten this afternoon by Lee Clinton, a
colored man who was formerly In Bigler's
employ. There had been trouble between
the men for some time. Clinton claimed
that Blgler owed him some money and
about a week ago commenced suit against
him and had his place of business at
tached. Since then Bigler has lost no
opportunity to apply language to the col
ored gentleman that was more forcible
than elegant.
Bigler met him to-day on Lincoln ave
nue and renewed the dispute. Clinton
told him to go away and not bother him,
at the same time retreating into a store.
Bigler followed and made a pass at the
negro. Clinton squared away and went
for his antagonist. Bigler had his front
terth knocked out, his lips cut and eyes
blackened. After a few rounds In the
store Clinton threw Bigler through the
door, where the latter came in contact
with a bucketful of paint. Bigler and
the paint rolled about on the, sidewalk
until the vanquished man could not rec
ognize himself.
Both men will probably be arrested to
morrow morning.
STRUCK A LIVE WIRE.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— A telephone wire
dangling over a trolley wire on Twelfth
street, near Webster, caused the death of
a valuable horse and endangered the lives
of three people this morning.
George Larrabee. an employe of E. D.
"Williams, was driving 1 down the street,
when his horse struck the wire. The
shock was so strong that the animal died
almost instantly. The wire first struck its
head, and when the unfortunate beast fell
it lay on its legs, burning through both
of them. The sudden stoppage of the
wagon threw J.arrabee violently to the
ground, but fortunately he did not come
in contact with the wire. Just behind
Larrabee's wagon were two others, and
driven by Balkeley Emmett. Both stopped
when they saw the accident, and this
alone saved them from meeting the same
fate.
. — : — « ♦ . ; .
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, January 20.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
SAILED.
Friday, January 20.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Jan 20-Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived Jan 20-Stmr Suno!, hence
Jan 19.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Aragonia,
from Antwerp.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Jan 19— Stmr Siberian,
for Philadelphia.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Jan 1»-Stmr Kara
mlnla, from New York. Jan 20— Stmr Patrla
from New York.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 19— 8tmr Manltou. for
New York,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks stood about the same. There
was a good business in local securities, with
a number of variations both ways.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Mount
Diablo Mill and Mining Company was held
yesterday.
The Spring Valley Water Company paid a
dividend of 50 cents per share yesterday.
The dividend of the Hutchinson Plantation
Company yesterday was 25 cents per share.
The directors of the Mill Valley and Mount
Tamalpals Scenic Railway propose to create a
bonded indebtedness of $100,000 to pay the in
debtedness, purchase more rolling stock and
property and otherwise improve the road, and
a special meeting of stockholders has been
called for March 27 to vote upon the proposi
tion.
At the recent annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Oermania Trust Company the
following directors were elected: H. Urunner,
E. A. Denicke, F. Kronenberg, J. O. Rud, A.
Sbarboro, F. C. Siebe, 11. P. Sonntag, A. G.
Wleland, John Rapp. The new board organ
ized with Ernest A. Denicke as president and
H. Brunner as cashier. The bank paid stock
holders 6 per cent during the year.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending January 14 the usual
prospecting work was done on the 150, 318, 336
and 700-foot levels. liaise 1 on the 150 level
has 16 Inches fair grade ore. Raise 1 on the 318
level shows 30 inches of fair grade ore. The
south drift in No. 10 vein on the 31S level
shows 38 Inches of ore that is improving. A
raise on the 700 level Is cutting ore of good
quality. . In the stopes ore of good quality,
though much mixed, is being extracted on the
270 level. Small streaks of good ore are being
followed on the 470 level. At the mill the ore
tramway Is about complete. The machinery is
all delivered and is being set up. The battery
frame is nearly complete, and the mortars
placed. At Green Creek all work on the elec
trical machinery will be finished In a few
days. At tailings plant No. 1 a final clean-up
for the season is being made.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 20.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers" Assn 106 25
10 Hana Plantation Co IS 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, g 90. 5S 25
to Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 87 ,4
85 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
50 Mutual Electric Light 14 25
200 Mutual Electric Light ' 14 50
20 Mutual Electric Light 14 62Vi
5 Mutual Electric Light, cash 14 50
115 Oceanic S S Co, s 00 64 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 64 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 10 S3 00
25 S F Gaa & Electric Co S3 25
80 S F Gas & Electric Co S3 00
20 Spring Valley Water 100 75
$2000 11 S 3 per cent bonds 107 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Hana Plantation Co IS 50
850 Hutchinson S P Co 33 62>4
35 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
$10,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.ll2 00
175 S F Gas & Electric Co S4 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co S4 12%
7 S F Gas & Electric Co, r in 84 0(1
$1000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds 103 00
Street—
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). 101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Mutual Electric Co 13 25
25 Mutual Electric Co 13 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 3n S2 12£
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, 6 30 SI 75
60 Hutchinson 33 75
Street—
E Equitablo Gaslight 14 00
! Equitablo Gaslight 15 00
B0 Equitable Gaslight 14 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
85 Central Light & Power 17 50
60 Mutual Electric Co 14 25
50 Mutual Electric Co 14 37';
25 Mutual Electric Co 14 50
25 Equitable Gaslight 14 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con 04!6u0 Hale & Norcrs, 08
100 Belcher 17 100 Ophir .'.3
ZOO Best & Belcher. 38 100 Union Con .... 34
1000 Bullion 031200 Union Con .... 33
100 Con Cal & Va..l 31 i 7OO Yellow Jacket.. 15
100 Gould & Curry. 25
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 651200 Justice 09
100 Andes 10 100 Occidental 29
200 Hale & Norcrs. OS I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
300 .Belcher 18 1 200 Mexican 32
500 Bast & Belcher. M 200 Mexican 31
200 Chollar 121200 Occidental 23
50 Con Cal & Va..l 3.1 1 200 Ophir 51
100 Con Cal & Va.l 82ttj<00 Savage OS
100 Con Cal & Va. .1 »> 11200 Union Con 32
300 Gould & Curry, ttl
Afternoon Session.
2(X» Best & Belcher. 37 ,300 Justice 08
200 Chollar 11:200 Sierra Nevada.. 66
100 Con Cal & Va.l 32' = 1100 Yellow Jacket.. 15
200 Gould & Curry. 2Gi
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Jan. 20— 4 p. m.
Bld,Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con — 04 Julia 03 04
Alta 04 06 Justice 07 09
Andes 00 11 Kentuck OS 10
Belcher 16 17 Lady Wash — 05
Benton C0n.... 04 10 Mexican 30 32
Best & Belcher 37 38 Occidental 2S 30
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 50 51
Caledonia 22 23 Overman 05 06
Chollar 12 13 PotOFi ]4 15
Challenge Con. 11 13 ' Savage OS 10
Confidence 55 67 1 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 20 135 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 65 67
Crown Point .. — 14 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate — 10
Eureka Con ..30 — Standard 195 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 31 32
Gould & Curry 2.1 26'1'tah 11 12
Hale & Norcrs. 07 08' Yellow Jacket.. 13 15
. ♦ ■
Edward Everett Hale has a sermon
in next Sunday's Call.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery Btreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
821 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
116 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
108 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
Kit, Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until •> n" Hork.
MEETING NOTICES .
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57, I. O. to. m
O. F.— Regular session THIS (SATUR- >/*
DAY) EVENING. Jan. 21. Final ac-V\
tlon will be had on amendments to the » V
by-laws. C. M. AVOOLEY. C. P.
H. E. BULLIVANT, Scribe.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. F. — Members are hereby 4aS?i«y^£r
notified to attend the funeral of ~=£%s&'sSSz:
our late brother, A. M. COOK, ''/M^-
SUNDAY at 1 p. m., from I. O. O. F. Hall.
JAMES no YES, Noble Grand
J. D. SCHLOEN. Rec. Sec.
THE regular annual shareholdPr's "<F s s _
meeting of the Independent I Rod "*v^ti^s.
Men's Hall Association will be held -2*3?'
on TUESDAY EVENING, the 24th inst., at
Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, at 8
o'clock sharp. ? Respectfully,
CHAS. SCHLESINGER, President.
B. A. SAMMANN, Secretary.
NOTICE of Stockholders' Meeting— Office of
the Mountain Ice Company of California, 327
Market St., San Francisco, Cal.— Notice Is
hereby given that In accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moan-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a' meeting of said board, duly convened
and held on the 16th flay of December, 1898,
a special meeting of the stockholders of the
Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February.
1899. " at »the office of the company at 327
Market. St., in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, the same be-
ing the principal place of business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the building
where the board of directors usually meet.
The object and purpose of, said stockhold-
ers' . meeting is to then and there take Into
consideration and act upon a proposition
to diminish the capital stock of said com-
pany from three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of the par value of one hundred ($100)
dollars each, to thirty thousand ($30,000)
dollars, divided Into three thousand (3000)
shares of of the par value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors.
JOSEPH MARTIN.
Secretary of the Mountain Ice Company of
i California. ,
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will >
be held at the office of the company. 327 Mar- I
ket street, San Francisco, California, .on '■■
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January. ISM, at !
11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing ]
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu- j
ing year, and for the transaction of such •
other business as may come before the meet- I
Ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday, '
January 10, 1899/ at 3 o'clock p. m. v . .'•
J , E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— annual meet- j
Ing of .the stockholders of ■ the Union Iron '■
Works will be held at the of Hen of the com- '
pany, 222 Market et.. San Francisco, on I
TUESDAY. January 24, 1899. at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business a*
may come before the meeting.
J. 08. OUNN. Secretary. >:
Office. 222 Market St., ban Francisco, Cat
January 9, 189» . . " - "
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from S. S. Taylor, In the Silver Star
Flume andMinlngCompany'smine. near Span-
ish Ranch, Plumas Co., to deposit tailings In
a worked out pit; from H. S. Byam. in the
Bonanza claim, in Amador Co., near Michi-
gan Bar, to deposit tailings in Arkansas
Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, in the Badger
Hill Mine, at Cherokee, Nevada Co.. to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.. on Janu-
ary 30, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the National Ice Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market st
San Francisco. Cal.. on Wednesday the Ist
flay of February. 1899. at 11 o'clock a, m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS.
16 Grant aye.. near Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Wednes-
day, February 1, 1839. Transfer books will
close on Thursday, January 26, 1899, at 3
o'clock. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. .15 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good cook and house-
worker; city or country, wages $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, first-class: also second
girl, desire situations. See J. F. CROSETT
<& CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman wants to do light house-
work in small plain family; a comfortable
home more desirous than wages. Address
box 22, Call Branch Office, 387 Hayes st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation at
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; no postal cards. 10 Stockton place,
off Grant aye.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
working housekeeper or nurse; short distance
in country. 1088 Silver st.
COMPETENT woman wishes to do chamber-
work or as laundress in hotel or boarding-
house; good references. 2759 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation by
day, week or month; good cook. Call at 120
Sixth st., room 1, first floor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
working housekeeper or nurse; short distance
In country. 10SB Silver st. s
WANTED— Situation by a first-class waitress
in restaurant. 173 Minna st.
YOUNG woman wants any kind of work; half
day. Call 135 A Sixth St., over store.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladles who are temporarily embai-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
REFINED young lady desires position as com-
panion to elderly lady; understands music;
remuneration small; city or country. Ad-
dress E. M. PROCTOR, Postofflce, corner
Seventeenth and Market sts.
YOUNG woman wishes few hours or all day's
work taking care of invalid, sewing or cham-
berwork. Address 8., Call branch office, 615
Larkin st.
YOUNG widow desires position as housekeeper;
city or country; no triflers. Hillsdale, Sixth
St., near Market, room 44.
COMPETENT German woman wants situation
as cook or general housework; country or
city. Address box 1558, Call office.
FRENCH girl would like upstairs work. 1631
Fourteenth aye.
POSITION as working housekeeper by thor-
oughly competent American lady; Al refer-
ences. Call or address 200DB Golden Gate aye.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good reference. 587 O'Farrell st.
BY competent young lady, a position as book-
keeper, cashier or saleslady; experience; ref-
erences. Address box 1561, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS girl (Scandinavian) wishes em-
ployment: references. Address N., branch
office Call, 615 Larkin st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position as
wetnurse; is strong and healthy. 425V3 Shot-
well St., upstairs, rear.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes situation
- as second girl or light housework. Call bet.
10 and 3 at B>i Lapidge St., nr. Eighteenth.
LADY with a child 3 years old would like po-
sition as housekeeper; city. 1323 V. Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baeeaee to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 69.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
bert help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 430.
ELDERLY man wishes to take care of some
gentleman's place; city or country: acquaint-
ed with gardening in all its branches ; indus-
trious and reliable; can give reference. Ad-
dress 224 Lobos aye.. Ocean View, S. F., Cal.
WANTED —Situation, city or country, by
young' married German groceryman; under-
stands handling of wine; good barkeeper and
bookkeeper; good references. Address X., box
64. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish coachman; good house-
worker and man about place; willing and
obliging; not afraid of work; many years
with same employer; best references. Ad-
dress A. R., 869 Mission St., S. F.
FIRST class bread and cake baker wants posi-
tion. Address 2321% Pine st. r .'v
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
WANTED— By a professional gardener, a po-
sition as working foreman on private place
or estate; well recommended by present and
former employers; 15 years' experience: when
you take up cacti, I am second to none in
their treatise and collecting of the same;
write for particulars. Address SMITH, 422
Second street. City.
Employment, with opportunity for
advancement; single man, aged 24: indus-
trious, sober, learns quickly, handy with
tools and machinery; limited knowledge of
bookkeeping, mining, civil engineering, sur-
veying. L. E. GRANTON, Oakland P. 0.. Cal.
WANTED, by a first-class carpenter and
joiner, a situation on a ranch, to repair old
buildings or build new ones, repair carts,
wagons, farming tools, etc. ; am also some-
thing of a blacksmith. Address H. M. C,
Joiner, 109 Montgomery st.
EDUCATED middle-aged man desires position
with good house; could assist in office and'
be generally useful; knowledge of bookkeep-
ing; high recommendations. J. J., box 1542,
Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C, 843 Pacific st.
SITUATION wanted by experienced gardener;
understands the care of greenhouses, . lawn,
flowers, fruit and vegetables. Address Ger-
dener, box 1718, Call office.
GOOD student wants position; domestic
work: Japanese. 522 Stockton st.
AN active, elderly, good all-round harness-
maker, good repairer, can do Rome carriage I
trimming, wants work in a country shop or I
on a large ranch; wages moderate: refer-
ences. Address N. A.. Yountvllle, Cal.
YOUNG man. American, from the East, would
like position of any kind; honest and reliable:
city or country; give bonds of $100. Address
633 Commercial street, room 1.
WANTED by man and wife— Positions as cook;
man understands the care of stock; city or
country; best references. Address Edward C,
2S Sixth bt. . .
SITUATION wanted by an experienced office
man; would like a "nsitlon in a wholesale
house. Address box 1544. Call office.
HONEST Japanese schoolboy wants place to
work out of school hours. K. ISHIDA, 104
Eleventh st.. San Francisco.
POSITION as cook, bartender or porter. Apply
1016 Market st., room 21. "
HEL1 1 WANTED FEMALE.
515uTEWORir*inrC^fam^
fael, $25; housework, Suisun. $25; Redwood,
$25: Auburn, 2 in family. $20; Oakdale. $15,
and other towns; 12 housework girls, city and
country, $20 anil $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter. St.
CHAMBERMAID, lodging-house, $li! easy
place; German governess, $25: 3 restaurant
waitresses, $6 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325
Suttcr st ..,>..
CHAMBERMAID, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. " :
FRENCH nurse, 1 child 3 years, $20. MISS
CULLEN. : 325 Sutter st -
FRENCH second girl. $25; 6 waitresses and
chambermaids, $20 each; seamstress and wait-
ress. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cashier, restaurant. $20 to $25; Ger-
man or French cook, $35 to $40; 2 cooks and
down stairs, $25; laundress. ■ $25: second and
t seamstress, $25; 50 girls for housework and
assist. •■; LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
HELP WANTED— Continued. .
cTrThaNSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Waitress, Fresno, fare here; waitress, Ba-
kers-held,' $20, fare paid: restaurant waitress,
Vallejo, $20; waitress, Kern, $22 50, half fare
rate; 2 chambermaids. Southern California,
$20; chambermaid, first-class hotel, near city,
$17 50; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH second girl, country. $23; ranch
cook, $25; cook, small family, $2_; second girl,
across the bay, $15; French second girl, city,
$20, and many cooks and housegirls, city and
country, $13 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ' __
WANTED— Nurse, cut and fit,* $25; nurse and
second girl, country, $25; German waitress and
seamstress, $25: 2 French maids and second
work, $20 and $25: German seamstress, parlor
maid and waitress, $25; 2 German codks. no
wash, $30; neat second girl, $20; waitress,
restaurant, $6 a week; waitress, private
boarding house, $20: and a number of girls
for housework in city and country. $15, $20
and $25 per month. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; infant's nurse. $25: waitress, $20;
girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Lar-
kin st.
NUMBER of girls for housework: nice country
places; $15 and $20. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— A young girl to do light house-
work and take care of baby; must sleep home.
Apply at 283 A Harriet st., bet. 10 and 11.
WANTED- Respectable girl to work in tailor
shop. 212 Scott st. call early.
EXPERIENCED hands on gent's white shirts;
steady employment. 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl to wait in restaurant. 656 Geary
street.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 1013
Golden Gate aye.
2 LADIES of good address can make $10 to $15
per week at home. 331 Kearny St., room 18.
WANTED — German girl for light housework;
wages $13. 226 Third st. : bakery-.
NEAT, respectable girl about 14 to assist light
housework. 424 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few Inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery Et. *
A NUMBER of young girls, inexperienced, will
be taken for instruction in our white and
flannel shirt department. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirta:
a few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLB
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
WANTED— Waitresses at 406 Ellis st.
NEAT young girl for light housework. Apply
at 3009 A Buchanan st.
WANTED— German or Swedish woman for
plain housework. 1035 Market; upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS machine hand for ladles' tailor,
and skirt hands. 363 Geary st.
GIRL, German, for housework; must live home.
1063 Market st., upstairs.
GIRL to learn pants making; paid while learn-
ing. 273 Minna st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at M 133
WELLS' Emp. Of.. 1243% Park St.. Alameda.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free; patterns. 26c up. McDowell's. 101 Po«t.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MARRIED Without children
Man and wife for a private country residence;
man and wife for a ranch in new mining dis-
trict. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63«
Clay st.
63 WOODCHOPPERS: assistant baker, young
man; 89 tie makers. 8c to 12c each. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 BOYS for a store, city, $3 week. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY '.. Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY.
Dry goods clerk, $50, see boss here; bed
maker, city; assistant baker, young man.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GARDENER, private family, references; milk-
ers and farm hands, $30, $25 and $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 631
Clay st. .;■ - ■ .•
BUTTER maker and milker, $23 and found;
scraper teamsters and laborers, city Jobs.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, phone Grant 185.
Kitchen crew, 3 men, $120
Head cook, meat and pastry, $60; second
cook, $40; kitchen hand, $20; all for a year
round country hotel. see party here thii
morning; man and wife as kitchen helpers,
- country hotel, $:.">; second cook and baker,
$35; cooks, $.0, $40, $35 and $30; dishwasher,
$30; pantryman, $20; kitchen help. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop, $2 50 to $3 a
day; 3 men to grub willow on a ranch, 75c
a day and board; steady job. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Dairyman and wife with referen-
ces; farmer, $20; cook for institution. $50;
restaurant porter, $25; baker and pastry cook
and wife, $50; waiter for Nevada, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— for country hotel, $40; cook
for a small restaurant, country, $40: broiler,
$50; omnibus, $20; waiter, $25; porter for
saloon, $8 a week; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
ton st.
WANTED— Young man, 17 to 19, in wholesale j
business for office and general work; gradu-
ate of business college preferred; salary small
to begin with; must reside In San Francisco
with parents. Address in own handwriting
with references box 1569, Call office.
1 . .
SALESMAN now traveling to carry side lips
Mexican carved leather goods on commis-
sion. H. & H. Mfg. Co., 1003 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Steady man; established cash busi-
ness; good for $15 to $1S per week: must have
$150 cash. National Exchange, 7 Grant aye.
WANTED— 2 schoolboys about 16 to work oni
hour mornings, 1243 Mission; 12:30 to-day.
WANTED— for Saturday; wages $3. 221
Second st.
WANTED— boy to work in boat shop.
Apply 646 Second st.
ALL-ROUND cook: cozy restaurant; call
early. 1535 Market St. " ■
WANTED Boy with some experience to as-
sist in dining room. Apply 632 Third st.
WANTED— Honest, smart boy In candy store,
$3 per week. Apply Call office.
6 MATTRESS makers at United States Laun-
dry, 3111 Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
BOOTBLACK at 1073 Market St., near Seventh.
WANTED— waiter in Park Hotel,
£6-28 Turk st. : call early.
PLUMBER end helper wanted. Apply 1521
Polk st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, -, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 38
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate.
goods in warehouse and In bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket st. UNCLE HARRIS.
WANTED— Sober steady single man. middle-
aged, deprived of one arm, with small capl-
tal; chance to make money. Box 1556. Call.
SOLICITOR for Job printing: liberal induce-
ments. 506 Market St., room 2.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $11
and $12. 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BOY to do janitor work for his tuition at S
F. Barber School. 138^ Eighth st.
SEAMEN— 4 young men; 2 cabin boys. Office,
10 Steuart St., upstairs.
W 4£ TE P . artn " for first-class restaurant;
$350. 125 Montgomery aye.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50- men'l
sole ing. Sac; only one price. 923 Howard st
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, som«
nearly new. from 50c to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission st..
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
YOUNG men seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths.
for ships. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. .
T ?v, Y Lll ? ae11 House, Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rrns.; 15c, 25c night.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764*4 Mission
M., men «« take roams; 10c. loc and 25c pet
_ night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
W .£ ? i i_ :> T Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SI 9H? rooms - 16 °- 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1 l
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. SB3V4 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airs
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
or a room: 2_c a. niirht: Si a. week.PARTNERS WAN TED^
PARTNER~"'w7nted~wltn $3000 or $4000 to en-
large a business that has cleared $2000 in
seven months, prospect now to repeat it. Ad-
dress M. E.. Call office. land.
5300— PARTNER wanted for all-night saloon
north or Market st. Box 1502. Call office.
PARTNER wanted for good-paying saloon;
:•„• will sell cheap. Inquire 702 Mission tit.
..V WANTED' — Experienced partner. Apply
" " Butcher, Florin. ("a!.
"WINCHESTER IHouie, 44 Third St., near Mar-
.- ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room; free
' '. •_;" •* 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
': .■ .'•' ROOMS AM) BOARD WANTED.
''• ' WANTED— 2 rooms for housekeeping, between
•■'■ • Seventh and Twentieth sts. Address M. P.,
. .'.■ . 252t"> Mission st.
.BOY to board « yearn; state terms. MRS. G.,
Cp!l Branch. 1541 Mission.
".'. \ WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
• . WANTED— Delivery wagon In good condition,
•"•-.'.;■ with top. suitable for bakery. Address box
;.-•"• '1567. Call office. __^
' '■■..WAN'TKD — Second-hand plumber's outfit;
"'".. ! . " Fquarinc shears", etc. Address LOUIS CAJ5-
..■...••.. SIDY. 126 Ellis st.
■■"'"•• .'UOKKOASE or specimen case wanted. Box
... ;..••";.' W. Ca!l office. s-.-.;.-^.
I — ***** ttt~"**~* — — ~°— — »—^^— —^^™— — «
■;••.••;■■ MEDICAL.
: -.-,.'^ALL ladles will be plnd to learn that Mrs. Dr.
.'■*:. Owyer, formerly of 22fi Turk Ft., has returned
.'.-.•• '•' -.to the city a nil resumed business; a sure and
■\ .-.•tFßfe cure for all female diseases from what-
•.-'•.'.".'• • -jver cause: all thoso who are sick or dlscour-
"'•■ ".'•■• aped should call on the doctor and state their
f.-- I.'-" cases before going eleswhere; they will find
.'• : '. .'••• J;er a true friend; home for patients, with
.'' •':. , -every comfort: ■faction guaranteed by
": : .-.- MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. between
fc, '•: Hyde anJ ' irkin.
•' '••'.. ALL Ladies— O only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies.
. .. : . .-' true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
■... ■•' f- 0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar- i
: . anteei; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
.- . 'avoided; l;ind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
'..".' ..-though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
• ■•■ " ..«te.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
" :;•; Jay: sel£-c>ire nt; call or write; free: c0nf1-
.. ., '•: '.dentlal. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market st.;
■ • •• " pills. Jl; very strong, $2.
".•:.A : -r»R. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned j
••/,.'• *• female specialist; relieves monthly Irregu- i
.:.';. ■ larities, from whatever cause. Dr. G. W.
.-■- . ; •O'Donnell has treated successfully more cases
'.;,■•.''. of irregularities than any other physician;
;. ..'. never lalls to .ire; by consulting him first I
■'...., Five tini" md money; treatment can be sent
:•".. and used at home; consultation free. Call
:f. -. or^ write. 1023*4 Market st.
V;.\ ALL of Dr. Fouler capsules are guaranteed I
;..• absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
• -,- tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
■.;..•• fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
..-.•• "' Ventlve, price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall
1.-.- ■en receipt of price: consultation on all special
'.: -'diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
:'. aye.. S. F. A caution — Before purchasing
. •. • . elsewhere write us.
.A. TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safn and sure at nny time when
ethers have failed: instant relief for trav-
♦■lors: home in confinement: best rare; con-
' FUltation free, confidential; every case guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to Pl*> Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
SEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how lons standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
t-ure: no medicines or Instruments used; con-
sultation free; pills and capsules, $1: cure. $5. i
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
■■;' cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
4 cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
I •'. at office, $s; travelers helped instantly: consult |
free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. j
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
'". AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble ccc Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure in 24
'.'_ hours guaranteed: any complaints: no instru-
• ments: maternity home: best medical, at-
tendance; cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
.... ' Ness to JSStA Mkt.. bet. Jones _ City Hall ay.
.••'-.; ALL married ladies know"Beguro."the greatest
• ; • :. boon to them. RICHARDS ft CO.. M Clay st.;
.■• '• Jl SO. Send Zc stamp for circulars to SEGU-
-•".•. =.'RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
'••. DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
■ .* • ,nve..: private home in confinement, with every !
V .comfort; best care end attendance; terms
-. • moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
! .-. .*• PE \T"-= French pills, a boon to ladles with
".'female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
.■••."': eSrressed C. O. D. : 'n't delay until too late.
;■'•*.> OSQOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
■ o '-'."\j!P.IVATE hospital: best references: trained
"• : .nursoF: home comforts. 104 San Jose aye.;
.". ' •-.,; telephone White 4SI.
• :T>TT. and Mr?. Wise, in« Market st.— lnstant re-
for monthly troubl?s; $5 or money back.
• '*' .BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
,. Ing confinement. 727 Bellevue aw.Los Angeles.
'.': . MRP. A^HARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home i
•. ; • -'n cenfl :i"ir.ent. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
EDUCATIONAL.
" >"*•! . ITN n I N E E R l N^S^h^ol7^cT^'and~m7n'i^g7~ai^
... '• ■■sayinsr. blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm.-
•;...:. e.ralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
."':' .•".• 'ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
•'.'••: • Mruotion. mechanical drawing, mathematics.
:■:■ "•■ •'■ BfPlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
:.':..'■• 'shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
"■ .. •• teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
•' : ' HEALD'S? BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
; : ":rodert F. Gallagher's Practical short-
-.:• •' hand and Typewriting School: court reporter
: .- ... 17 ■ ears; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
■'-■ terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
'.'. '/ ' . Pai - " building, rooms 430-31-32.
".. ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
• ".. • Ellis, system: runny rooms; low rat--"s; day
'.'.• ' ' evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
► ' .'..' 1236 Market st.
.•.':'•' A YRES' Business College. 723 Market st. :
.> ••" -shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
, , penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. ?.V>; low rates per week and mo.
. : . ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
. .'• ing. mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day _ eve.:
... .. «St. ■ C 6!. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
'■• .SEND your child to Prof. Merkl's violin, man-
•.•'-... riMin, guitar class; $1. 1008 Mission st.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory la
■■.;■ Lelpsic; le«sons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
V. BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
'-• ." ' taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott hldg.
'•'• •: '. . LOST. ~~~~~
-•••• .'LOST— A diamond on California st., bet. Dv-
"..pont and Kearny; liberal reward will be given
■ •..-.'•.'■■ to' finder. Address THEO. KEIFER, 928^4
. • ".; Harrison st., between Fifth and Sixth.
0 •'/.'. L'PST— At Chutes or to Ellis st. car, gold
,- • --watch and medal; engraved W. B. MUR-
;;.. . .PHY. Ptc. Finder return to 733 Market st.
'/,.■;•• .and receive reward.
■■■ ' ". LOST— A pass book with the ::ib<Jrnla Savings
•••"■': "i and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
.',",': name of ALEXANDER McFADDEN. No. 142-
-;;•' '• 663. The finder will please return to Bank.
. ' LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLB
-.:■.;• HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market at., the
• .:". • . -surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
" •.. . will receive the kindest treatment; private*
'..". :. entrance and private rooms.
-. .'LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
.-. .• • tind Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
"• .. ' name of :. «ni'ie Amedee. No. 206-294. The
.."• ••- Under will please return to bank.
•':•. jlopT— A white bull terrier pup. Return to
.'-' : Isl4 Fell el. and receive $5 reward.
•.'■•• C CLEANINGS *~"
*" ■-. CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
.. . . ' moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M?r-.
... .'BB and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
• . WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
. • • send to SPAULDING'fi Pioneer Carpet-
; ;■/•'•.• beating Works, sr.3-257 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
.'. CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
."• ■ FTRATTON'S. I Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 044.
J. i:. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14t_
. , Ft.: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONK LIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
• • Gate aye.. tel. East 128.
■J_ ATTORNEYS AT LAW; ~~~
•. ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W j
• . . HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton. '
.• ADVICE free: divorce, law, private estates. J.
' ;*P- EVAys - v McAllister st.. room «4.
.ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private lav/ cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice: open t,"gH. AttyMsCabe. lO3Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Bpreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.
TVI'i.V. KITERS.
All typewriters Fold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
. prices. ALEXANDER- CO.. 110 Montgomery.
" A HAMMOND, $25; Caligraph. $15: Yost, $"5-
. get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES^
■ $2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold; i
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. !
.
.* . ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
. ' repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
A BUSINESS CHANCE. ~ ~~~"
*" ■' fcoeo-Half Interest In an old established com- j
■ mission, fruit and produce house. Address i
'. Box 1525. Call office.
PHYSICIANS.
[OVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlc«
'•nd residence, 1021% Market, bet. Cth and 7th.
. -SINESS CHASCE9.
A— s4oo; BARBER SHOP, 4 chairs; 2 blocks
north of Chronicle building: first-class cus-
tom; a sacrifice. Call WILKE _ UNFUG.
!)06 Market «t.
A $35 BUTCHER shop on Mission road; rent
$10; first month free: fine location. Call
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business: first-class; paying. Cull
WILKE & UNFUG, MM Market st^
GENERAL merchandise stora, connected with
postofflce in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 28x150. $2000: stock
of mdse about $3C00; a rare char.cc; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE _ UNFUQ.
__»06 Market st. '
A — JUO— PARTNER wanted in wine saloon;
good location and paying business. V\ ILKE
- UNFUQ. !>C6 Market Ft.
A $500— PARTNER wanted In first-class pay-
ing business on Kearny st; established many
years and no opposition. For particulars call
»0C Market st., WILKE _ UNFUG.
A-SSOO— SALOON and card room: lIS daily; will
give trial. KREDO & CO.. 22Va Geary st.
A--s4sO— BEST restaurant: Market; $20 daily;
large, steady trade. KREDO__ C(X
A— S42SO— DRUGSTORE: fine opportunity for
doctor; $40 daily. CREDO & CO, 2«4 Geary.
NOTICE— We buy~sell or exchange business
Of any kind. National Agen >. 7 Grant aye. i
: SALOON; clears $T5 a month; a bargain.
Moo— Corner grocery and bar; full value.
$30(1— restaurant; receipts {35 a day.
$125— Cigar store; a snap.
Applj NATIONAL AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$171 DELICATESSEN store; food location;:
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea- |
sons for selling. National Agency, 7 Rr an _ !
$60n— COR. restaurant and oyster houfe: good \
night and day trade. McLaughlln. 777 Mark"!.
ORNER grocery and bar; leaving the
Mclaughlin & cc. 777 Market st.
Maska cause
of sale. Mclaughlin & co. 777 Market.
$1600— CORNER grocery and bar in Western I
addition; estab. I yrs.; doing business from
J9'>o to liaOO amw th LESS, '■'"■ Market st. j
BLACKSMITH Bhop and horseshoeing '
business; norta of Mark*-!. LBSS, 7« Market.. f
RESTAURANT; pood location; must sell;
bi rgain. 6. H. GOUJuD * CO., 6M Market st. :
• good paying bazaar; one who
wants to lenve the- city: value in stock: in-
vestigate. P. GOULD & CO., 6;i2 Market at.
175 BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions,
toys.; worth $160; must sell. JONES. 865 Mkt.
LACKSMITH, wheelwright paint -
estab 2f> years: doing good business: owner
wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES. 865 Market.
RESTAURANT, coffee saloon; opposite
ferry d^pot ; nicely furnished: doing good j
business: week's trial; thorcjugh investigation ;
before buying. STENBERQ CO.. WA Kearny. ,
PARTNER wanted; manufacturing and con- j
trri'-tlng business: established 20 years; clears >
$250 monthly; full particulars. 632 Market St., I
room 8.
| \URANT; 25c meal: fine location;
do Ins: good business; party go to Europe.
BASILE, i '-~'-j Market st.
\I.K Very cheap; oldest millnery store;
line bus) less corner; cheap rent. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON A CO., 1709 Market et.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted: M? to $25 a week
each; trial given; no experience required.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
A TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON A: CO.. Item Market st.
FOR SALE— A 1 general merchandise; spot!
cash business; In Prinrville. Or.: terms cash.
n.. trade deal; stock about $9010: good reason
for selling. Inquire of MURPHY, GRANT
& CO., San Francisco.
WANTED— Good rooming house nortn of Mar-
ket: from $500 to $1000; stat» price and loca-
tion: no agents. Address box 1570, call office.
' \RTNKR wanted: grocery and manu-
facturing business; Interior. Address box ;
'■all office. (
ER grocery and bar for sale; great bar-
gain. Rox 15fi6. Call office.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale; suitable for I
man and wife. 2875 Sixteenth st., nr Howard.
COFFEE and dining parlor: old-established
stand: nicely fitted up. 138 Polk st
RESTAURANT doing eood business, selling
account of sickness. Box 1557, Call.
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused: at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquirr- H. MAU,
:-. Valencia f=r.
MUST sell my saloon to-day; don't fail to see
it. MM Minna ft.
{ISO— RESTAURANT; 1707 Mkt : a snap: muFt
be sold this week: leaving city; no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL * CO.'S. 4U> Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
HAROLD FRENCH of this city returns to !
Dawson City Jan. 28, arriving Feb. 10; letters i
carried direct. SI; business commissions |
promptly executed; reports made on prop- |
erty. Address The Alexandria, 7>l Sutter st.
LODGING HOIS -;s FOR SALE.
BEB ■ ■
FROM 3 TO 300 ROOMS
PRICES $50 to $10,000
FOR CASH. EASY PAYMENTS OR EX-
CHANGE.
CALL. I THINK I CAN SUIT YOU.
H C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth
JUST THINK ONLY $30"
FOR A 16-ROOM HOUSE
WORTH $800 — —
For sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO _ CO -2'z Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
110 rooms: clears $3000 yearly $4,000
30 rooms: Kearny: offices 2,200
B room?, Market; all full 1,200
IS rooms; Third; clears $50 month 650
14 rooms; O'Farrell: central; cheap rent. ROO
12 rooms; Van N'-ss; boarding: elegant... 850
11 rooms; nicely furnished; Second st — 200
10 rooms: new and good, with piano iiw
10 rooms; Taylor; clear $30 525 j
14 ROOMS; $200 cash, |U month $ 52:1 j
1 1 r oms; rent $40; good house 850
lft rooms: rent $27: great sacrifice 375
24 rooms; rent $ r 0; pick-up *5i
30 rooms; offices: cheap rent 650
135 rooms; rent $125; money maker 1300
WINSTON & CO., 646 Mark
LODGING-HOUSEB from $300, $450, $sO\ t!"V):
34-room house, $350 cash, bnlance $10 per
month: 50-ronm house, elegantly furnished,
11700. H. WEHNER & CO.. KB7H Market st
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny corner houpe:
10 rooms and bath; full of roomers; $52^. 54n
EUls st.
LAPIKS. If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grunt aye.. "icar Market St.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale in newly furnished
house; cheap. 260 Golden Gate aye.
THREE rooms of furniture for sale; reason-
able. 220 Golden Gate aye.. rear.
FOX SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold: es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
HANDSOME cocker spaniel ; prize*wlnner; also
pedigreed fox terrier bitch; bargain. 327 Van
Ness aye.
TOOLS and machinery, every descrlp., bought
and sold; send postal. EPSTEIN. G4S Mission.
BRANCH bakery and notions: good location;
good reason for selling. 511 Laguna at.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Ird— Nice furnished lodging
house for sale; full of tenants; at a bargain.
PEARL opera glasses. 2 pairs of them, for
$4 each. At UN'"'LE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p gas enplne; Improved pa-
tent sparker; guaranteed. 648 Mission; cheap.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and seconu hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1013 Mission St.
above Bixth^
jgOo_gMALL hotel with restaurant; well fitted
ur» and paying; sickness only cause of sell-
ing. C. WILLMOTT, 916 Market st.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar: stock in value;
a bargain: no agents. Address J. D. C, bo_
1551, Call office.
JEWELRY safe for sale cheap. Call at 1153
Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
A NO. 1 fresh Durham cow for sale; large
milker. 1920 Greenwich St.
PIGEONS— 6OO fine pigeons; mated; squabs;
coop*, boxea. etc.; cheap. 611 Turk st
FIRE-PROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
street, 8. F.
GASOLINE launch; good condition and fast;
price $1250. Box UOl. Call office.
FORT belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co., tel. Br. 331, 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-820 M,
SAFES-The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-<23 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
*!zr-»: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstand*. cheap.
HUPPrHMTDT. to* Oolden Gate aye,
CHEAPEST and best in America-Thc Weekly
Tall. l<i paces, xent to any address in the
Unitid States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
PERSONALS.
CHARLES S. BROWN— If above person will
call at this office he will. find a letter of im-
portance for him.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, - C and Copyright
Xo. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty,
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 111) Kearny st.
PHYSICIAN would like to hear of country lo-
catlon. Box 1564, Call. - ' ■
LEDERER'S Quincnla is in great demand as
a hair tonic: beautifies th« hair: only 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LATEST modes and styles in hairdressing, 25c;
try me and see: switches, $1 up; LEDERER'S
FOAMO, fine shampoo, 6c package. G. LED-
ERER. the hairdresser. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 F.O to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Lai-kin st.
BATHS 32% c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth St., nr. -Market.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN'KE, 1416 Sth St.. Alam°ia.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Pansome st. \
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring '
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers, i
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6: dress made [
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN sewing at Kelster's system; free this
week only. 424 Geary st.
—^ SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All. """^
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. . Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure I
. all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and nji-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole Hope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market Ft. (The Vendome).
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything: valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri- !
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st. _^
$100,000 TO loan on safe? and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS*. 15 Grant
aye.. near Market st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. :
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES, Independent slat*
writing medium. lIS Haleht st. , :
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. L. DAVIS, the great palmist and card
reader, returned from the East; can be con-
sulted In all affairs, marriage, loss of love,
etc.; hours, 9-12, 2-8 p. m. 260 Golden Gate ay.
CLAIRVOYANT, 24 Page st., near Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and. card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St.. now 023 Mis-
sion, bet. oth and 6th: 25c and 50c; no sign.
MME. M. Potter, renowned card reader, has
returned. 88SVi Market st., parlors 12 and 18.
CLAIRVOYANT, cardreader, 10c; ladles only, i
643 Natoma St.. bet. 6 and 7.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor 3.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c: gents,
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
MME. A VENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. C Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St.. room 4.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31". O'Farrell. !
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard Et.: sket^. 10c:
send date, hour, birthplace, horoscopes, $1 up.
musical instruments.
aTTTsFp^r^io^t^Tn^taixm ent lTand
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $2»5 00 . "VV;
Steinway upright 187 50
Checkering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
. of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Hallett _ Cumston; a bargain $55
Mansfeldt & Notlnl; good order... 135
Henry F. Miller; cabinet grand 170
Curtaz; used six months 235
Chlckering: good, as new 285
Guaranteed .i years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chlckering
Agents. 16-20 O'Farrell st. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
■ west of Chicago Is KOHLER -CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. '
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
FINE Hardman, Hazelton. Hallet & Davis and
Fischer cheap for cash. Room 12. Flood bid*.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon aud Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
. McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st. '
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Poet st. '
HAINES Bros.' and other first-clasH pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHARE, 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zlthern, old and new. H.
m MULLFR, rnnker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; filling's.
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity'
our specialty; ten skilled operators: no stu-
dents: the largert and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $6; crowns, $3: fill-
ings. 60c: teeth . without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student; employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates', crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible . plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years. -
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 26c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3: gold bridge, $5: plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 589 Mission Bt., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144 Market at., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. ' 806 Market St.
DR. CHARLES 'V. DECKER. ,
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. '.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
J4: filling, gold. r.Oc; Mlver. 25c: crowns. $3.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. : cut rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO.. 1143 Mission St., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main *711
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
MODERN house, nine sunny rooms; large yard
and garden; very central; will rent cheap to
good parties. Key at 719 Grove st. • >■
NICE house; 6 rooms, bath, basement; sun all
day; rent low. Pine and Laguna.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos,' without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. _ Grant aye.,
near Market st. ' ,
PERPY. 212%— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
ren' $12 50; water free. Apply to Q. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
SUNNY house; 8 rooms; partly furnished; large \
garden: low rent. 3032 Twenty- fourth st.
— — — ■ — — —^ — —^ |
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms for sale; to be removed;
2316 FoUom «t. Apply 1163 Howard.'
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 15th St.. nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET. .
A— NolT Hill, opp. Bella .Vieta Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms; bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace, 920 Pine.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at. _^_
i FOLSOM, £21— A parlor floor flat of 3 elegant
large rooms; hot and cold water and bath;
large yard; rent reasonable. ___^___
$1,000,000 TO loan on aiamonds. watchea and
I Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
MCALLISTER, 635— Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
•with bath; rent reduced $25.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
110% Fell Et., near Van Ness aye.
I PINE, 2021, near Lacuna— Upper bay-window
; fiat. 7 rooms and bath; modern improvements;
garden; {25. ' *
I WILLOW aye., 633. bet. Laguna and Buchanan,
Ellis and Eddy- A small, convenient flat;
rent, $11. -
2 FLATS. 4 rooms and bath. 6078, 507 C Birch
aye.. above Octavla at.; rent $10 and $12.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second sts.
ALVA, May. Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
Is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant aye., near
Market St.
BRANNAN. 725, abovu Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom; furnished complete; $6.
CLAY. 2419. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY. 209— A newly finished house; furnished,
big sunny rooms; German family.
EDDY. 735— Large alcove for light housekeep-
ing; other sunny rooms; housekeeping.
ELLIS, SOS. near Van Ness— Nice furnished
sunny basement; no children; references.
FIFTH 353— Clean, sunny, furnished 3-room
flat, $20; also 3, $12; 2, $12: single, $5.
FIRST, 28— unfurnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping, $6 per month. _____
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent $12. /__
1 FOLSOM. 863— Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen: yard: complete housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225— Nice large room suitable for
light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping: and also other:
HOWARD, 827— Changed hands; cheap; sunny
housekeeping rooms, single or en suite.
HOWARD, 1068— Sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable.
KEARNY. 215— A nice suite of housekeeping
rooms: rent reasonable.
MISSION. 545— 3 nice rooms, • complete for
housekeeping: front room, bedroom, kitchen.
MISSION, 1125H— Large front housekeeping
room, complete. $8; smaller room, $6.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished .housekeeping
rooms, complete: no children.
NATOMA, 637^4—2 furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap; range.
NINETEENTH. 4059. near Castro — unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms to let <by elderly
German lady. ,
SECOND, 247 — Furnished and unfurnished
hkpng. rooms; all new and clean; rent cheap.
SIXTH, 216H— sunny kitchen and bed-
room; also sunny single rms. for light hkpg.
SIXTEENTH, 2852, nr. Howard— Large sunny
front room and kitchen, complete for house-
keeping: bath; rent reasonable.
THIRTEENTH, 318—2 large sunny connecting
front rooms; complete for housekpg.: cheap.
TURK, 18— Sunny front room and kitchen; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping: cheap.
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished front room
and kitchen, $10.
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; complete.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Turk, 543— Nicely furnished \ sunny room;
gas, bath; very desirable; $150 per week.
AT Etockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or month.
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market St.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— 3 nice rooms,
$7; also two rooms, $3.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night:
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BRYANT aye., 2718. near Twenty-fifth— 2 nice
housekeeping rooms; gas stove; garden; elec-
tric cars. . v
BURNETT, 13et Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EIGHTH, 36, near Market— Largo neatly fur-
nished sunny room, bath; $6.
FIFTH. 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
FIFTH. 438 (Mecnanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite. $1 wk. up: transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 646 — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms. ;
GEARY. 428 (The Gage)— Elegantly furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water bath.
GEARY, Large sunny furnisßed bay-
window room; also small room; gas; bath.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 433 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk.. $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SB. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
rlngle; elevator; moderate rates: families.
GREEN, Bright eunny rooms at reasonable
rates; not an inside room in house; single,
double and light housekeeping; house thor-
oughly renovated. '
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week. ..'. ;..
HOWARD, Rooms from $1 up; housekeep-
ing, $175 per week up; transient, 25c to $1.
LOCUST aye.. 125. near McAllister and Van
Neatly furnished room, $7 per week. '
MISSION, 946— Nice sunny rooms; cheap; also
2 . front rooms. - ■•'.
NATOMA, 421B— Neatly furnished front room,
suitable for gentleman.
NATOMA. 638— Nice furnished room for 1 or J
gentlemen in private family.
NEW Montgomery, 105— Sunny front rooms; 800
to 90c per week; 10c to 25c per night.
NICE sunny room, single or double, with all
comforts of home. Apply 553 Natoma st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month. '
O'FARRELL, 441— unfurnished sunny
rooms: suitable for a tailor; also four rooms
and bath; $15 a month. ■ : ■ .-. ;
PINE, ; 614 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
runny I rooms; single or en . suite; moderate.
POST. 1037— Sunny furnished room.
SECOND. Newly furnished single rooms;
25c per night; $1 per week.
SIXTH, 1 136— Large | front parlor, suitable | for
dressmaker; double , room for light \ housekpg.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished . and unfurnished.,
SHOT WELL. ': 937— Sunny ' ' upper floor; 3 • bay
window rooms; bath; water free; $9. • .
TURK, . 534— Elegantly furnished large sunny
suite; suitable for gentlemen's club; private.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TURK, 534— An elegantly furnished front
sunny suite; nice home for 2 or S gents; reas.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. £34— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rcoms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
PIANOS and trunks Etored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. :B Gram ay«.,
near Market st.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board; reasonable: t.ible board.
CHILDRE.\~BOARDEIX
GOOD home and board for children. MRS. P.
VOLLMER. 1627 Louisa St., North Berkeley.
MARRIED people want a girl to board. Ad-
arcss box 43. ('all office.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to let— 226 Ellis St., bet. Mason and
Taylor; $12. Inquire Jeweler, next door.
STORE (new). Twenty-second and Castro; suit-
able for grocery or saloon.
OFFICES TO LE77
EMMA SPRECKELS building. P27 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rent? Sll 5e
to $20. ABHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
A Pt'NNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. __ 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate.
810 NET TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 84C Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential: no com-
mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003H Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up:
private party. BONNELLT. 130 Powell St.
ANY amount of 6^ per cent on real estate. 2d
and Sd mortgace?. estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. MeCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg., r. 76.
A. M. Speck & Co., RO2 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUTNRATE LOAN OF-
FTCE. 22 Mason *t.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: Drivate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. R6 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d morts.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
Ifi pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p*r year.
financial!
WANTED— Capital Interested in 2 valuable ad-
vert ißlns inventions (patented); want respon-
sible party to form company to handle them.
AfMrers box 1437, Call office.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
HORSES^
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
enrts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every W<:rtne3-
dnv ST'T.nVAN A- DOYLK. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harnesa; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
PROPOSALS.
WAR DEPARTMENT, Qua7te7tnaster~Gen"
eral'e Office, Washington, D. C, Jan. 20,
1899.— Transportation for Spanish" prisoners of
war from the Philippine Islands to Spain.
By direction of the Secretary- of War sealed
proposals are Invited for the transportation
of the Spanish prisoners of war now in the
Philippine Islands from Manila or su«h other
ports in the Philippine Islands as may be
most convenient for their embarkation to
Cadiz or such other ports of Spain aa may
hereafter be designated. Their number is es-
timated as about sixteen thousand (lB.Oon),
officers and enlisted men. Cabin accommoda-
tions are to be supplied for the officers and
third-class or steerage accommodations hav-
ing suitable galley accommodations conform-
ing to the United States requirements as to
space and ventilation for the enlisted men.
The United States Government will deliver the
prisoners on board the vessels at Manila or
such other ports as may be designated for
their embarkation. Proposals will state the
price per capita for transporting officers and
for transporting enlisted men and for their
subsistence and delivering them on shore at
the Spanish port or ports to be designated,
and will be accompanied by a guarantee that
the prisoners will be comfortably cared for
and subsisted while on the Journey, the sub-
sistence to be equal to United States "gar-
rison" rations, as follows: One thousand
(1000) complete rations: Meat — Pork, one-
tenth (1-10), seventy-five (75) pounds net
weight; baccn. two-tenthß (2-10), one hundred
and fifty (150) pounds net weight; tinned roast
beef, seven-tenths (7-10». seven hundred (700)
pounds net weight. Flour or hard bread, net
weight one thousand (1000) pounds. Vegetables
— Dry beans, net weight seventy-five (75)
pounds, nr rice, net weight fifty (50) pounds;
fresh potatoes, net weight eight hundred (800)
pounds; onions, net weight two hundred (200)
pounds. Coffee, roasted, net weight eighty
(SO) poundß: sugar, net weight one hundred
and fifty (150) pounds; vinegar, net weight
eighty (SO) pounds; soap, net weight forty
(40) pounds; salt, net weight forty (40) pounds;
pepper, black, net weight two and five-tenths
(2.5) pounds. Proposals will state the num-
ber of vessels which are proposed to be used
for the service, the name and classification of
each, the tonnage, capacity of each, their
epeed, the berth accommodations upon each
and the approximate length of time required
by each vessel to make the voyage from
Manila to the coast of Spain. Proposals will
aIBO state the time at which each vessel will
arrive in the harbor of Manila and report to
the chief quartermaster at that place ready
for the embarkation of the prisoners of war.
Vessels of any nationality may be tendered
and will be considered for the service re-
quired. Payment for the service will be made
ivTien evidence Is furnished that the ship
has arrived with her passengers at point
of destination. The number of officers
and men counted aboard at place of
embarkation by ths • quartermaster ia to
determine the number to be pnid for. Pro-
posals should be addressed to the Depot
Quartermaster, U. P. Army, New York City,
or to the Depot Quartermaster, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., at which places they will be
opened at twelve (12) o'clock m. , standard
time, on the first day of February, eighteen
hundred and ninety-nine, ami submitted to
this office. The Government reserves the
right to reject any and all proposals submit-
ted. M. I. LUDINGTON, Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. Army.
PROPOSALS for the Erection of a Police Sta-
tion on Seventeenth Street, and for the erec-
tion of Police Patrol Stables on Eighteenth
Street.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, January 17, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2184
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON. January 30, 1899,
from 2 to 2:30 o'clock, for the erection of a
police station on Seventeenth street and for
the erection of police patrol stables on Eigh-
teenth street. In accordance with the modified
plans and specifications filed in the office of
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors on De-
cember 30, IS9B, and the conditions set forth
In the said specifications, prepared by Messrs
Shea & Shea, architects, and to be seen at
the office of said architects at No. 26 Mont-
gomery street, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief of Police
The work of construction to be done In
strict accordance with the said modified plans
and specifications, and under the supervision
and direction of Messrs. Shea & Shea, archi-
tects, and the Chief of Police.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day
Bidders will estimate separately and state a
First— For which they will furnish all ma-
terial and work required in the erection of
the police Btation and the police patrol
stables (except for plumbing and gasfltting)
Second— For which they will furnish all the
plumbing and gaefltting material and the
work required In the construction of the
same In the police station and the police
patrol stables.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this and a former
notice in three dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five thousand
($5000) dollars deposited by the bidder with
his bid, and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the. contract awarded-
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract
and give the required bond within six days
after the award 1b made, then and In that
case the said sum shall be paid into the City
and County Treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JXO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
.... CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE modern cottage: 6 rooms and base-
ment; situated close to Park; lot 50x100; sac-
rifice; $3000. Pac. Coast Ex., 1007% Market.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
, RIS, 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
$3000— BARGAIN: flats of 5 rooms, bath each;
rent $31; lot 30x90. Owner. 3019 Buchanan st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
'GO up at once to Antelope, Sacramento Co.,
and see the 10-acre tract we will sell at low
prices on easy terms, and also lease with
privilege to buy; our representative now at
Antelope and all who meet him now can get
special inducements. McEWEN BROS., 118
Montgomery st. .
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292, Call office.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. 8. Wensln-
Ber: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
AN illustrated book free: $4 to $34 an acre. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. i
15 pages. In wrapper, for matllne. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ICOO bargains in real estate: Oakland and vi-
clnlty. M. L. WURTS, 17th and Brdwy, Okld.
OAKLAND COTTAGi S fOR SALE.
NEW 5-room cottage, with bath. large lot. I
cheap for cash: or will take small rooming
house in San Francisco in part payment. Ad-
dress box 447. Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELI"
HAAS' old store. 40!! Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$950— MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x125:
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion.
$1700— Modern cottage, 5 rooms: lot 26x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain In Alameda; lot 50x150;
house of 6 rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash.
$3500— Elegant corner, 44x150: new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month; this is a snap.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
$800—60x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
. $1100— £0x268 lot on Benton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand St.; work
all done.
92500 — 50x200 house. 8 room*; windmill and
tank.
$3500 — elepant new . houre, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station: easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ADJACENT UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Handsome new 9-room - house, sunny expos-
ure: gas, porcelain bath, all modern conveni-
ences; yard, fruit trees and flowers. Call or
address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
$1750— A lovely little home; house of 5 rooms;
bath; large lot; street work all done: near
the station: any reasonable terms. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$250— LOT 50x136 on 6th St., West Berkeley. 3
blocks from station. I. P. HANSON, 9CBV4
Vallejo St.. San Francisco. *
DELIXQUEXT NOTICES.
W^rTßA>rT > IROPFrLLER C?)MPANY^Loca^
tion of principal place of business. San Fran-
cisco. California.
Notice— There are delinquent upon the follow-
ing described stock, on account of assessment
No. 5, levied on the 12th day of December, 189S,
the several amounts set opposite the names of
the respective shareholders, as follows:
No. • No.
! Names— Cert. Shares. Amt.
iL. W. Storror 5 10 $ 10
L. W. Storror 12 100 100
! L. W. Storror 10 100 100
L. W. Storror 14 50 BO
L. W. Storror ...11 : 100 * 100
L. W. Storror 15 50 60
L. W. Storror 20 21,213 1-3 212 14
L. W. Storror 25 50 60
Nancy G Davis 18 10,000 100 00
And in accordance with law and an order
of the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
of December, 1893, so many shares of each
parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold at public auction, at the office of
j the company. No. 327 Market street, San Fran-
i cisco, California, on FRIDAY, the 3d day of
! February. 1899, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
of said day. to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses or the sale.
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
827 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
James Cogan and Eva Marsland 26-19
Giuseppe Franchia.and Maria Tegura 26-21
James H. Swain and Antoinette Williams. 23-18
ISRdor Garflnkle and Fanny Opperman 23-19
Charles L. McPlke and Pearl E. Jones 23-18
Thomas McCall and Margaret Daw-son 27-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— BEATHST
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN. -
CARASH— Oakland, January 10, 1899, to the
wife of W. Carash, a daughter.
ELLINGWOOD— In this city, January 17, 1599,
to the wife of A. W. Ellingwood, a son.
KLEIN— this city, January 11, 1899, to the
wife of Fred Klein, a son.
LUHRS— In this city. January 19, 1899, to the
wife of Elfert Luhrs, a son.
BILEY— At Puanhan Plantation. Hawaii, Oc-
tober 25. 1898, to the wife of James R. Rlley,
a daughter. •
SMITH— In this city. December 14, IS9B, to the
wife of M. A. Smith, a son.
___________
MABBIED.
COBLENTZ-JOSEPH-In this city. January
17. 1899. by Rabbi Isador Myers, Alexander
Coblentz of Seattle and Grace Joseph of San
Francisco.
LEWIS— GREEN— In this city, January 11, 1839,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Hen-man Lewis and
Mrs. Beckle Green, both of San Francisco.
STOLTZ— LEVEY— In this city. January 17,
1599, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Emanuel Mel-
ville Stoltz and Frances Levey, both of San
Francisco.
BWAIN— WILLIAMS— In this city, January 20
1899, by the Rev. Dr. Hanson, James H.
Swain and Miss. A. Williams. '
— DIED.
Anderson, Harry K. Keenan, Thomas
Bamberger, Solomon Kehoe, Thomas
Bardez, Frank Kelley, Horace C.
Barrett, Patrick Lewis, Joseph
Becker, Elizabeth Lippi, . Pietro
Brickwedel, Gesine ■ Lomax, Amanda
Brown, Henry F. McEnerny, Frances
Campbell. Robert McFadden, Thomas
Cook, Algeron M. . Mounlc, Jacques
Deeley, Mary Parsons, Marie A.
Demartini, Paolo Poulse/i; Hans C. P.
Doherty, Patrick Richardson, Janet
Dunham, Captain W. Stefanazzl, Matilda
Fox, George Wells, Alice C.
Graham, John T. Wilson, Charles - •",'
. Grave, Henry Whitford, Frank D.
Hinchman, Augustus . -K\ ■■■•.-
ANDERSON— Entered into rest at Los Ange-
les, January 18, 1899, Harry X., beloved son
of Mary Anderson, and brother of Louise and
Katie Anderson.
C^Remalns at the California Undertaking
Parlors, corner Geary and Stockton streets.
Funeral Monday. Interment private.
BAMBERGER— In this city, January 20, 1899,
Solomon S. (General) Bamberger, brother of
the late Sl jtmund.- Bamberger, a native of
Furth, . Germany, aged 65 years 2 months and
2 days. , ■ • ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1824 Fell street, near Ashbury. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. -. • • _  \ t
BARDEZ— this city, January 17. 1899. Frank
Bardez.' a native of France, aged 62 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
■j fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the undertak-
. ing parlors of A. W. Martin, US Geary street.
BARRETT— In Oakland, January 19, 1899, Pat-
rick, beloved husband . of Mary Barrett, and
father of John S., Jennie I. and Mamie E.
Barrett, a native . of Thomastown, - County
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances : are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at - 8:30 o'clock, from his late
. residence, • 833 Myrtle street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a requiem high mass will be . celebrated for
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
: Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. ■
BECKER— this city, January 19. 1899. Eliza-
beth ' Becker, beloved * sister -of ■ Fritz and
Frank Becker, a native of Germany, aged
60 years and 4 months. : '
■ _TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metiler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRICKWEDEL-In this city, • January IS, 1899.
Gesine C, dearly beloved wire of John H.
Brickwedel, mother of Mrs. George W. Oet-
zel of Cleveland, Ohio, Mrs. William H. Nie-
mann and Harry W. Brickwedel. daughter of
Mrs. Justine Kroncke, and sister of Mrs.
John Jackson. Mrs. P. H. Bartels, Mrs. Otto
Furkert and Mrs. H. Brickwedel. a native of
Hanover. Germany, aged 43 years 4 months
ana 5 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1911 Hyde ttreet. between Green
and union. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BROWN-In San Mateo, January 19, 1599.
Henry Frank Brown, brother of William H..
Sylvester F.. Dennis ('.. Micnael F.. Joseph
A. and the late John J. Brown, a native of
San Mateo, a^ed 23 years 5 months and 20
days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in San Mateo. Interment St.' John's
Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo
County, January 20, 1599. Robert Campbell, a,
native of New York, aged 63 years 7 months
and 14 days.
ITT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence.
COOK— At his residence. 847 Hayes street.
January 19, 1899, Algeron M., relict of the late
I Emily J. Cook, and father of Emma 1., Wil-
ber B. and Algeron M. Cook Jr., a native of
Fall River, Mass., aged 7.i years S months
and 5 days. (Fall River, Mass., papers please
copy.)
B_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the I. O. O. F.
I Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
15, I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
DEELY— this city, January 19, 1899. Mary,
beloved wife of James Deely, a native of
| Belleville, N. J., aged 40 years and 8 months.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, • from her late
residence, 3110 California street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
DEMARTINI— this city. January 17, 1599,
Poalo Demartini, beloved father of John and
Frank Demartini, Mrs. C. Giovannettl and
Mrs. Clorinda Cuneo, a native of Italy, aged
74 years. .
E_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 671 Fourth street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's Church, corner of Filbert and
Dupont streets, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock.; leave the church at
11:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DOHERTY— In this city, at the Potrero. Janu-
ary 20. 1899, Patrick, beloved husband of
Margaret Doherty, and dearly beloved father
of Mrs. Patrick Flynn, a native of the parish
of Carndonagh, County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Twenty-second and Georgia streets,
Potrero, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNHAM— In Oakland, January 20, 1599. -Cap-
tain Woodruff Dunham, a native of Connec-
ticut, aged 66 years.
FOX— In Alameda, January 19, 1899, George,
beloved husband of Sarah A. Fox, and father
V of Charles, Percy and Edith Fox, a native
of London, England, aged 76 years.
CFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), from
his late residence, 1170 Broadway, thence to
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Park street and
Santa Clara avenue, Alameda, where serv-
ices will be held at 1:30 o'clock. Please omit
flowers. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city, January 17, 1899, John
T., beloved husband of Mrs. Ann Graham,
and father of John T. Jr., Charles and Emer-
&en Graham, Mrs. Jennie Wheeler, Mrs. Mary
Loveland, Mrs. Emma Ingle, Mrs. C. A.
Bishop, Mrs. H. L. Bishop, Mrs. Cinda Croo-
ver and Mrs. Minnie Warren, a native of
Staffordshire, England, aged 68 years 7
months and 17 days. A member of James A.
Garfleld Post No. 34, G. A. R. (Dcs Moines,
lowa, and Concordia, Mo., papers please
copy.) :
C^Frlends and acquaintances and members
of James A. Ga'rfield Post No. 34,
comrades of the G. A. R., mem-
bers of the Relief Corps, Ladies of
the G. A. R., and kindred societies, are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 514 Preclta avenue, near
Alabama street, thence to Albion Hall, Al-
cazar building, for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment National Cemetery, Presidio.
GRAVE— In Snellip?, Merced County. Janu-
ary 19, 1599, Henry, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. B. Grave, and brother of Joseph W.,
Mamie, Annie and Lizzie Grave and Mrs.
E. V. Golly.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HINCHMAN— In this city. January 19, 1899,
Augustus Felix, dearly beloved husband of
Maria Cota de Hinchman. father of Mrs.
Harry I. Willey and Guido C. and Stella G.
Hinchman, and grandfather of Mrs.' Charles
Larkln Davis and Augusta Willey, a native
of New York, aged 75 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at. 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KEENAN— In this city, at the Potrero, January
20, 1899, Thomas, beloved husband of Delia
Keenan, and father' of Thomas J.. Robert S..
Charles F., Edward A.. William .1. and May
Keenan, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years.
KEHOE —In this city, January 20. 1893,
Thomas, beloved brother of Nicholas Kehoe.
. a native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged
38 years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the chapel of
St. Mary's Hospital, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
KELLEY— In Baden, January 20, 1899, Horace
C, dearly beloved son of John and Nellie
Kelley, a native of Baden, Cal., aged 1 year
I month and 2 days.
LEWIS— In this city, January 19, 1899, Joseph
Lewis, a native of Brazil, aged 56 years.
G7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 672 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where services will be held for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LIPPI— In this city, January 19, 1899, Pletro
Lippi. beloved brother of Amadeo, Venanzlo.
Cesar! and Marlannl Lippi, a native of Lucca,
Italy, aged 59 years.
fr^The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
LOMAX— In this city, January 20, 1899, Aman-
da Lomax, beloved mother of David Lomax, a
native of Baltimore, Md., aged 68 years. A
member of Ladies' Union Beneficial Society,
also Literary and Aid Society of Oakland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1212 Pacific street, between Jones and
Leavenworth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. .
McENERNY— In this city, January 20. 1899, -
Frances H.. beloved daughter of Frank and
Catherine McEnerny, a native of Vlsalia,
Cal., aged 1 year 2 months and 16 days.
McFADDEN— this city, January 19. 1893,
Thomas, beloved husband of Bridget Mc-
Fadden, and father of Celia. Elizabeth 1 and
the late Joseph and Mary McFadden, a native
of County Leitrlm, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(T-Trlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1422 Devisadero street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencins at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOUNIC— this city, January 17, 1899. Jac-
ques Mounlc, beloved father of Alice Mounlo.
a native of Trebons, Bagneres de Bigorre,
France, aged 44 years.
PARSON'S— this t city, January 20, 1899, Maria
A., beloved wife of William C. Parsons,
mother of Harold and Mabel Parsons, and
sister of W. M. Kuchenmeister, a native of
California, aged 37 years 10 months and 6
days.
POULSEN— In Oakland, January 20, 1899, Hans
C.- P.. beloved husband of Hannah Poulsen,
and father of Otto A., Albert M., Victor 8.,
Harold R., Flora A. and Emma Poulsen. a
native of Denmark, aged 67 years and 4
months.
RICHARDSON— In this city, January 19, 1899,
Janet, beloved daughter of David and Bar-
bara Richardson, a native of California, aged
3 months.
STEFANAZZI— In this city, January 19. 1839,
Matilda Stefanazzl, beloved daughter of An-
tonio ' Garbarlno, and sister of Michael L.;
John and Louis Garbarino and Mrs. L.
Adamlna, a native of Bear Valley, Mariposa
County, Cal., aped 37 years 11 months and
10 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances and officers
and members of Ivanhoe Circle a t o. 125. Com-
panions of the Forest, . are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, from Foresters' Hall. 10J
O'Farrell street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
WELLS— In this city. January 20, 1899. Alice
C. beloved wife of William P. Wells, and
mother of Mrs. A. W. Furbugh. Mrs. James
Devine and T. C. Wells, aged 76 years.
WILSON —In this city, January 20, 1593.
Charles Wilson, a native of Sweden, aged 53
' years.. ■:' . . \ . ■ '
WHITFORD— In this city, January 20, 1899,'
Frank D.. beloved son of the late Andrew
J. Whitford of Carson City, Nov., a native
of Genoa, Nev., aged 25 years and 9 months.
. • HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E_BA_ "EB*
10 Fifth st.. opnosite Lincoln jcUa«*»
Telephone South 80.
1112
YOUNG CLUB
MEN QUARREL
AT A DINNER
Loughborough At
tacks Clem Tobin.
A DUCK THE CAUSE OF WAR
INJURED MAN ALMOST LOSES
HIS EYE.
He Is Now on the Way to Recov
ary Under tiw Care of a
Physician at the
Waldeck.
The tongues of local gossips on the
"line" are wagging merrily over the lat
est escapade of Alexander Loughborough,
who is again the hero and the victor of
another encounter. Young Mr. Loughbor
ough, ready of pistol and of fist, if not of
wit, has almost succeeded In destroying
the right eye of Clement Tobin. It is
fortunate for Tobin that medical assist
came in time and hla sight was
Bayed. While the young fellow is not al
together out of danger he is on the road
to recovery, and may be expected to be
out of his chamber of illness in a week or
lie Is now confined to the Waldeck
Sanitarium under the constant care of a
nurse and a physician. Alex Loughbor
ough. flushed with his triumph, Is in tem
porary retirement at his home at O'Far
rfll and Franklin streets.
Friends of Clement Tobin have done
ev< rything in their power to suppress the
incidents of the affair since it was learned
that the injuries of the young man are
not serious. But the facts have leaked
out, and those who are curiously inclined
are wondering what Loughborough will
do next. It all happened over a duck.
Until last Tuesday Tobin and Lough
borough were the best of friends. Tobin
invited Loughborough to dine with him
Tuesday night at the Poodle Dog, and
1., ughborough, with that readiness which
characterizes him. accepted. The two
young men went to one of the pri _ate
apartments of the restaurant, and " : bin
asked his friend what the dinner s-.' >uld
be. Loughborough is somewhat i.i an
epicure, and told his friend tha he
guessed a duck would be the ee'rect
thing. Tobin replied that he thc;ight
Loughborough had another guess co:*"ing.
Just what happened after that H a
matter of some speculation. Thosejwho
are inclined to favor Loughborough's«ver
sion Of the affair insist that Tobin: in
sinuated that Loughborough was Some
thing of a duck himself and didn't need
companionship. Tobin'a friends declare
that Loughborough demanded a nine
teen minute duck" instead of the regula
en minute bird, and in that way
outraged Tobin's sense of the proprieties.
Whatever the cause may have been the
mnsi quences were Immediate. Peop'e in
ning apartments heard a babel of
angry words, then a scuffle, the smash
glass and a fall. The restaurant
%v; ; s aroused. Attendants rushed into
the room occupied by Tobin and Lough
borough. The battle, however, was over.
It had been short and decisive. Tobin
was on the floor bleeding and almost in
sensible. Loughborough was unharmed
defiant. At the nrst opportunity he
slipped away and left the restaurant.
No effort was made to detain him, as the
proprietor of the establishment wished to
avoid a scandal.
As soon as possible attention was given
to young Tobin. It was seen that he was
seriously injured and perhaps dangerously
bo. Dr. J. Albert Noble was summoned
and responded at once. It is fortunate
for young Tobin that medical assistance
came quickly. The physician decided that
his patient 'was too seriously hurt to be
removed from the restaurant. Apartments
on another floor were arranged without
delay and Tobin was carried upstairs.
He had been struck by some heavy in-
Ftrument— a decanter some said, and
rs, a chair. The young man's right
was greatly swollen and badly in
flamed. There w« re superficial but not
cuts and abrasions on his
and face. The wound in the eye,
however, gave most concern. For a time
the physician feared that Tobin would
lose his eye. but remedies were Immedi
applied and it is believed that the
en passed.
Tobin remained at the Poorlie Dog for
two days after his encounter with Lough
borough, and was then removed to the
Waldeck Sanitarium, where he is now
under the care of Dr. Noble. The young
man has reason to congratulate himself
on escaping without more serious injury
from his friend's attack. He Is not yet
abl to see any but his closest friends
and consequently is not in a position to
give his version of the. quarrel.
The other principals in the affair are
extremely reticent. Dr. Noble, the at
tending physician, declined positively to
discuss the matter. The AValdeck au
thorities are mute to all Inquiries and I
Loughborough insists that he is still the •
friend of ('km Tobin. What Tobin
thinks on that score is a matter of con
jecture. His friends suspect, however,
that he takes no particular pleasure in
adding to the fistic laurels of Loughbor
ough. _____________
This Week's Wasp.
Tho TVasp Cor tills wck is, as usual,
bright and newsy, among the illustrations
being beautiful half-tones of the Prince
<>f Wales, taken in London by Taber;
Mile. Sorel, whose name is being connect
ed with that "f President Faure; and Gen
eral Eagan, who Is gaining such noto
riety just at present. The departments
are well filled, an interesting column be
ing "The Wasp's School of Journalism "
■which [g new, holding up the methods of
yellow newspapers to unsparing ridicule
Events at Sacramento are commented
upon in pungent phrase In the editorial
columns, several of the inside views of
affairs taking piace there being exposed
fearlessly. The notes on the "Idol's
Eye, by Touchstone, music by R A
Luehessi. and several local stories from
Teresa Doane complete the contents the
Issue being a handsome one in deep red
front cover 100 " ° n W> J ' Bryan On th *
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of
•willful neglect have been granted Johan
na Myers from Charles Myers, and Mary
G Valentine from W. D. Valentine. Hn.
Valentine was awarded alimony in the
sum or $m n week. Pauline Kozloosky
has sued Ignatius Kozloosky for a di
vorce, alleging desertion as a cause of
il t. * L 1 Oil.
Captain Glass Keturns.
Captain Henry Glass, who left here in
May last in command of the United States
cruiser Charleston, returned to this city
yesterday on the Rio Janeiro. Captain
Glass :s one of the best known and most
efficient naval officers in the service to
day. He returns hero to recuperate from
his severe Illness. He was taken sick,
after reaching Manila, with fever
For a Change
Try any two 15c dishes, with small coffee, 25c
at Campl'a, 106-W8 O'Farrell st.. opposite
Orpheum. and yoo'll not be disappointed. •
Music Teachers' Election.
The following officers have been elected
by tli" Music Teachers' Association for
the ensuing year: Mme. Ellen Coursen
kel, president; T. D. Herzog vice
president; A. O. Iv-kman, secretary '• Mrs
P. O. Peterson. troaKiirer. Director's \v"
W. Patrick, Joseph Greven, Evelina Can
non.
♦Jack's" Estate.
The will of Jacques Mounlc, proprietor
of the original "Jack" restaurant, who
died in the French Hospital on Tuesday
last, has been filed for probate. He leaves
a «mall estate to his parents, Jean Pierre
'and Rose Mounlc. am] his daughter. Alice. !
W. A. Strohmeier & Co.'s candy kitchen. !
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf- ;
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best .
In the world. 1006 Market street. •
INDIAN BONES AND RELICS
DISCOVERED ON GOAT ISLAND
While Excavating for the Site of the Naval Training
School Workmen Uncover an Ancient Grave=
yard, Together With Many Stone
Implements.
•"■^ ENTURIE9 ago, probably before the Spaniards under Cortez began their Invasion of California, or Sir Francis
Drake and his merry freebooters plowed the waters of the broad Pacific, the original Inhabitants of the
shores of San Francisco Bay consecrated the great mound that rears its crest from the center of the vast
j sheet to their dead.
Long before the Spanish padre came and bestowed upon this sentinel of the Golden Gate the sweet-sound
ing title of Yerba Buena, since shortened by the more prosaic Yankees to Goat Island, the aborigines who
roamed the hills of Marin, the valleys and glades of Alameda and Contra Costa or the dunes of San Francisco' 3
bleak peninsula cherished the island as their final resting place.
To the few whites who have made their home on the island as employes of the Government this has long
been known. After unusually severe storms had torn the shores portions of human frames have been left exposed,
showing the inroads of the waves upon the "silent city." Afar up on the crest of the hill excavations made at dif
ferent times have brought to light relics of the race long since vanished from these parts, crude implements of stone,
shells and the like, ample evidence that the island was a favorite haunt of the Indian.
But the exact location of the burying ground has never been revealed until within the past two days. Last
Wednesday a force of laborers was put at work on the south line of the spit that projects out to the east nearest
the Oakland mole, leveling off a site for the naval training station. The spot is not far from the torpedo station
and between that and the lighthouse supply station. The men began digging fully twenty feet above the level of
the water and soon had a narrow strip along the shore line leveled off for a distance of probably 100 feet. This
they widened as they dug into the bank.
Thursday, when they had dug six or eight feet Into the bank, one of the workmen drove his pick through a
heap of shells into what proved to be the skeleton of a gigantic Indlcin. The skull, thigh and arm bones and some
of the ribs were in a fair state of preservation, and from their size It is estimated that they belonged to a man
six feet six or eight inches tall. The scams in the skull were closely knitted together, while the teeth were badly
worn away, showing that he must have lived to a great age.
Near by another skeleton was found, also that of a man of gigantic proportions, and this is now in the posses
sion of Richard Weiss, the lightkeeper. A remarkable thing in connection with the finding of this skeleton is the
fact that the side of the skull shows a bad fracture, while lying over the fracture was an abalone shell, through
which a small hole had been bored. A similar hole shows In the skull close to the edge of the fracture, and from
the appearances and the location of the skull it would seem as though the Indian had met with a terrible mishap
of some sort which had shattered his skull, and that the medicine men of the tribe had attempted the rudest de
scription of surgery in patching up the cavity.
Since then two or three more skulls, fairly well preserved, including one of a woman, as shown by the small
teeth, portions of other skulls and bones have been recovered, that indicate that about a dozen graves have been
dug into. All the skeletons were encased In clam, oysters and abalone shells, which It was customary with the In
dians to pack tightly around the bodies of their dead in order to better preserve them. The bodies were all bur
ied in a sitting position, with the chin resting on the knees. Besides the bones a number of household and other
implements have been unearthed. Mr. Weiss has a huge stone mortar with part of the stone pestle. The latter
had been broken before being buried with its owner as a token that the implement was not to be used any more.
There is a round stone as large as a man's fist with two indentions on opposite sides, evidently for the pur
pose of fitting pieces of wood into them and binding them together for a handle, the whole to' be used as a weapon of
offense. Then there is another oblong stone, carefully trimmed down at th* ends, the purpose of which is not evi
dent, but it, too, may have been part of an implement of war. Several parts of pestles and other stones have been
brought to light.
The excavation has hardly more than begun yet, and as the workmen go further into the bank it is thought
that many more skeletons will be found, together with interesting relics of the first inhabitants of the shores of San
Francisco Bay.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
TELLS WHERE HE FOUND
THE LEDGE OF GOLD
by it. His story Is as follows:
"In October, 1896, I had cue contract for the erection of a house on Hart
ford street, a small street running from Nineteenth to Twentieth streets, be
tween Castro and Noe, and about 130 feet from Nineteenth. I employed an old
man to dig a ditch connecting the house with the main sewer on Hartford
street.
"After working two or three days he told me that he would be obliged to
give up the job, as the ground was so hard he could not dig the ditch for the
price agreed upon. After he went home I went down into the ditch to make
an investigation. I picked up some of the rock, and, being an old mining
man, at once saw that it was rich quartz. The ledge is about two feet thick
and runs under the hill in a southeasterly direction. I took samples of the
quartz to an assayer, and he found that it ran $2 60 in silver and $12 40 in gold
to the ton. This is, of course, good pay ore, particularly when you consider
the fact that it is lying right inside the city limits and can be worked very
cheaply. I consulted mining attorneys, and while we formulated several
schemes to gain possession of the property, all fell through, and I have now
abandoned all hope of ever being able to work the mine. If this informa
tion is of use to anybody, he is welcome to It."
The ledge of ore discovered by Mr. Anderson is near the top of Castro
street hill, and revives the story of the gold found at Liberty and Guer
rero streets about fifteen years ago. Anderson's ledge runs in a southeast
erly direction, and as the two openings are on a direct line it is probable
that it is the same streak of ore. The whole district is now divided into
small building lots, and an attempt to secure property there would run val
ues up to a fabulous height.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, JANUARY 21, 1899.
ONATHAN ANDERSON, a builder, living at
340 -ersey street, claims the credit of having
made the richest gold discovery In the city and
county of San Francisco.
The story that there was a rich ledge of
quartz running under the city street and through
property now divided up into small building
lots was told in The Call about two years ago.
At that time Mr. Anderson was in hopes that
he could secure the right to open up the ground
and mine through the property, but as the Su
pervisors have no authority to give any one
permission to mine g<jld under a public street,
and the ledge runs diagonally through a num
ber of small building lots owned by different in
dividuals, he was forced to abandon his pro
ject, and now divulges the exact location of his
rich find, so that any one who can may profit
HALE AND ALBERT HERE.
Two Six Day Cycle Champions Ar
rive for the Meet.
Teddy Hale of Ireland and Frank Al
bert of America, two champions at the
six-day racing game, arrived here yester
day and will start training at once, pre
paratory to the big event to be held in the
Mechanics' Pavilion next month.
Hale has been racing eighteen years,
and has ridden three times in America
on the first of which he broke the six-day
record of 1600 miles, making it 1910 miles
His best performance was in 1887 when he
won the championship of Europe at Ber
lin on the "ordinary" machine. He held
defeated Huret, the ex-fc-houf champion '
g swts 2s ss
m". f in h f ni th , Cy , s P ri nted the last half
"rman n ce 1:01 - trUly a Phenomenal per-
Frank Albert boasts that he has a - D
penred in every six-day cycle race ever
held in America. He has been riding over
ten yours. In 1592 he finished fifth in 1534 !
fourth and also won the 100-mile cham-
Plonship with a record of 5 hours 7 miS
utes. 1nM895 he was third. in 1896 he
broke his j leg and did not finish in 1898
\fnw nt tv.° Paris a d was riding second to
Miller, the. champion, but was cut down
at the two hundred and fiftieth mile and
broke his kneecap. This year in New
York , (December. 1898) he finished fourth
with a record of 1822 miles. io u«n,
Charles Miller, the champion six-day
rider of the world, is expected here Sun
day On .^ at day Jimmy Michael the
worlds middle-distance champion; Frank
Erne, the. great lightweight pugilist, and
Jim Kennedy, who will manage Erne and
also conduct the cycle meet . at the Pa
vilion, are expected. r ■
Gamblers and the Boys.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson will speak at
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, Howard street, between Second
and Third, to-morrow night, on "Our
City's Peril: Shall Our Boys Be Ruined
That Gamblers May Thrive?" Seats will
be reserved for newsboys. A big congre
gation will be present.
ATTEMPTED TO
BURN DOWN AN
OLD BUILDING
Arson Charge Against
Baptiste Baratas.
CAUGHT ALMOST IN THE ACT
FLAMES DISCOVERED IN THE
ELECTRIC LAUNDRY.
Fire Marshal Towe Is Hunting for a
Clew That Would Lead to the
Motive for the
1 ■ ... Crime.
Baptiste Baratas, an ironer in the
Lnited States Laundry, living at 1590 Fif
teenth street, was arrested early yester
day morning by Policemen Thompson and
Taylor and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of arsen.
About 1 o'clock yesterday morning Ba
ratas called at the grocery of William
Burns, Valencia and Thirteenth streets,
and asked for 6 cents' worth of coal ofl.
He wanted It put in a can, but Burns
did not have one, and Baratas went away.
He returned in about ten minutes and
asked for the coal oil, which" Burns served
In a bottle. He returned again in a few
minutes and bought another 5 cents'
worth, which was also served In a bottle.
Burns' suspicions were aroused, and ne
Instructed A. J. Nunan, a young man who
happened to be in the store, to follow Ba
ratas and see what he was up to. When
Nunan reached the blind alley at Wood
ward's Pavilion he saw flames issuing
from the old Electric laundry building
that runs from Clinton Park to Thir
teenth street. He rushed back to Burns'
grocery and got a bucket of water and
ran with it to the building. An annlica
tlon of several bucketfuls put out the fire.
A few minutes later Burns and Nunan
saw Baratas coming out of the alley and
they caught hold of him and took him to
the grocery. Burns telephoned to the Sev
enteenth-street station and Thompson and
Taylor responded. After placing Baratas
under arrest Thompson went to the laun
dry building to see if the fire was out,
and during his absence Baratas made a
fight for liberty, but Taylor overpowered
him and placed handcuffs on his wrists.
Then Baratas took a fit and was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Hopper
came to the conclusion that he was sham
ming, and he was sent to the prison. He
showed that he had been drinking
Fire Marshal Towe made an investiga
tion yesterday morning and discovered
that the door of the old laundry building
and the flooring were burned, and <-^al oil
was sprinkled over these parts of the
building. Broken bottles filled with pa
per were also found on the floor. He saw
Baratas in prison, and discovered that
his hands and coat were wet with coal
oil. He was satisfied that Baratas was
the firebug. Baratas denied that he w.is
the man, but could give no satisfactory
BAPTISTE BARATAS, CHARGED WITH ARSON
explanation as to why he was in the alley
at that hour of the morning or why he
purchased the coal oil. All he would say
was that It was all a mistake in arresting
him.
Th<» building is surrounded by a lot of
old wooden buildings, and close to it is
Woodward's Pavilion. If' the fire had got
a good start the destruction of property
would have been great, as the buildings
would have burned like tinder. The laun
dry building contains machinery, which
was not removed when fhe change was
made to Folsdm street. TRe building was
condemned by the Fire Wardens about a
year ago. It is owned by R. F. Fletcher
of Ivos Gatos.
Baratus was arraigned in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday morning, and the
case was continued until January 25. His
bonds were fixed at $5000.
The Fire Marshal is puzzled to under
stand what motive Baratas could have for
setting fire to the building. It was ru
mored that his wife had been employed in
the Electric Laundry, but had been dis
charged, and the motive might have been
revenge. Her name was not, ho— ever,
on the books of the company. Towe i-s
still hunting for a clew.
FIREMEN'S BOLL OF HONOR.
Rules Governing the Names to Be
Inscribed Thereon Adopted.
The Fire Commlsioners met Thursday
and accepted the resignations of M. Sime,
en me 3; E. J. Toomey, engine 6; John
Scanlan, truck 3; and Garret Welsh, en
gine 16. Fred Bayers was promoted fore
man of engine 1 and William Splnetti wal
appointed hoseman of engine 4; John
Rudder, hoseman of engine 3; J. Kraus,
hoseman of engine 6; Patrick O'Donnell,
hoseman of engine 16; and R. Powers to
truck 6.
The residents on Sutro Heights and
Sunnyside are clamoring for lire protec
tion and the former are anxious to borrow
an engine and promise to work it them
selves. The Sunnyside residents will like
ly be provided with a hose carriage and
about 900 feet of hose. A definite decision
will be made at the next meeting.
The rules governing the names to be
placed on the roll of honor were adopted.
Only those who have been awarded the
Scannell medal or other medal for valor
or those who have saved human life dur
ing a fire at great personal risk will have
their names Inscribed.
Mercantile Library Officers.
I At a meeting of the trustees oi the Mer
cantile Library Association hold Thursday
evening the following officers were elect
ed for the ensuing year: President,
George A. Newhall; vice president, F. P.
j Deerlng; treasurer, T. R. Bannerman; re
| cording secretary, Charles J. King; cor
responding secretary, William Doxey;
trustees — Thomas Magee, Dudley C.
Bates, Latham McMullen. Miss Sarah
j Hamlin, Miss Agnes Manning, A. M.
I Robertson, A. E. Kellogg and T. Nor
wood.
The following committees were ap
pointed: Ways and means— Thomas Ma
§ee and Latham McMullen; property — A.
I. Kellogg, T. R. Bannerman and Wll-
I liar» Doxey; books— A. M. Robertson, Miss
Sarah Hamlin and Miss Agnes Manning;
I count— Dudley C. Bates, T. Norwood and
| Charles J. King.
The reports of the officers of the past
I year show that 33,535 volumes have been
j circulated by the library, and that 744
I volumes have been added to the shelves.
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
we close at six every Saturday.
lots of folks call Saturday
a cleanup day : that's the
sort of day it is with us
just now.
black " a new line of black veiling, \ width in plain
veiling tuxedo double-thread self-dot : plain net with
50c yard, chenille dot very close also close dotted Brus-
sels net chenille dot : guaranteed all good quality silk veiling.
25c another lot \ width in dotted Brussels net, close mesh
yard. with chenille dots ; also heavy mesh chenille dots ; a
nice assortment to take your pick from.
extra fine ladies' all-linen scalloped embroidered
handkerchiefs handkerchiefs, a new line that came in too
£>sc. late to put on for the holiday trade : there's
a true fascination about a handkerchief sale, and here's your
chance for a good handkerchief for twenty-five cents.
dollar ladies' 2-clasp pique walking gloves, three rows
gloves, embroidered backs, in red, tan, brown, navy, green,
purple, bluette, black and white, in - ? all sizes to giove
comfort for a dollar.
Cotton ladies' fancy plaid check and stripe cotton - waists, ■
waists. sh ' rt wa ' s * sleeves, fancy and pleated front and back,
stand-up collar : latest styles ; a good assortment in small effects;
reduced from $1 to 65c.
ladies' flannelette wrappers — reduced 69c
black plush silk capes — $2.50
black taffeta shirt waists — reduced 85.00
black cheviot jackets — . .$2.65
millinery sale to=day SZs.
'' attractive prices on children's hats.
San F^ncisco's greatest mail-order house,
San Francisco's greatest mail-order house,
93;f 939» 941, 943. 945. 947 Market street.
DANCED fWO
NEW FIGURES
Bachelors' Successful Ger
man in the Maple
Hall.
The third party of the Bachelors' Co
tillon Club was held last evening In the
Maple room of the Palace Hotel, and,
like the preceding enjoyable affairs of this
popular gathering, proved a thorough suc
cess.
Palms, smilax and bachelors' buttons
were lavishly used in the decorations of
the rooms. Al Dodge led the cotillon and
introduced two original and extremely
pretty figures— -"bachelor button" and
" "99." Mr. Dodge was assisted by Wil
liam Meckfessel and Miss E. Pusek.
Among those who took part in the ger
ma.ii were: Miss Estelle Davis, Miss Rose
Roth, Miss Bessie Riden, Miss Adelaide
Elsen, the Misses Lotta and Florence
Musto, Miss Louise Heppner, Miss Eliza
beth Day. Miss E. Pusek, Miss Kate By
ington, Miss Adelaide McColgan, Miss
Hoelscher, Miss E. Umbsen, Miss Mac
Suich, Mrs. P. L. Henderson, Mrs. Wil
liam Hoelscher, Miss Maud Cluff, Mrs.
Frank Vail, Mrs. A. S. Cunningham, Miss
Ethel Berht, Mrs. George D. Graham,
Miss Susie Hall, Miss Lillian Schroeder,
Miss Emma Hunt, the Misses Emma and
Stella Fortman, the Misses Grace and
Blanche Macpherson. Miss Eisen, Mrs.
William Cluff, Miss Elsie Gorham, Miss
Grace Davis, Mrs. Marshall Hale, Miss
Cora Kalsey, Miss Coleman, Miss Flor
ence Schroth, Mrs. H. Spaulding, Mrs. Ed
Carrera, Miss Eleanor Gallagher: Al
Dodge. George A. Rigg, Dr. E. W. West
phal, William H. Poepke, Dr. A. T. Der
by, Wallace Alexander, James H. Whee
ler, Burt L. Davis, Clarence Musto. Jason
Gould. Henry L. Day, W. B. Meckfessel,
H. William Westerfeld, Dr. Robert O'Con
! Nell, W. K. Owens, D. A. McColgan, Vie
! tor Hoelscher. Thomas F. Dunn, F. G.
i McGuire, H. P. Umbsen, H. Paterson
Ross, T. L. Henderson, William Hoel
scher, Arthur W. Spear. Frank A. Vail,
A. S. Cunningham, S. W. Clisby, George
D. Graham, H. W. Spaulding, Ed G. Car
OF* INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Cor«ip«nfil>g With Any if tfc* Fiflnrtt Flmi H » M « Hntien "Th» Call."
■,1-1 - ,-_ r -mm i, ir ,|- ■_ __ i -I,- i , L l itrn-r*» —^ > »»■ - » i ■-. .-__ - -, i-,_,-,_. _ - -.-_i _j
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOENING, 6 S g dwS de ' upt " le<l -
BELTINO.
LD fIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting «nd
r. UCUER, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
EOJLER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
: Telephone Main 6046.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
ft'RDIEW * CAMC— Makers and Dealers In
V DlllClN a OUllJLandaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
at., San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing, Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed.
DRUGGISTS 'WHOLESALE .
REDINGTON ft- CO, SS^'iafffigi
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC. RAVEC * Tf\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- BUI C 3 (1 VU M Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
nilllA Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
IlllnlV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVBJ,
w " 739 Market street.
rera, George E. Bennett, T. M. Stateler
George H. Foulks, W. A. Stevens, L
Steiger, Gaston Roussey, Dr. C. J. Ste
phens, William Cluff, Gilbert G. Weigh'
Marshall Hale, Charles O'Kane, Oscar
Wolf, William C. Corbett, Frank Zah
Arthur Piper, F. H. Kerrigan, Dr. E. A.
Clay, Charles Schroth, Joseph Kelly.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon will giv*. an assembly and german on
next Friday evening, January 27, at the
Palace Hotel.
A Woodman's Funeral.
The funeral of the late Joseph P. Far
rell, past consul commander of Golden
Gate Camp, Woodmen of the World, took
place yestarday from undertaking parlors
on Mission street and was attendod by a
large number of the members of tne camp
and members of the order. The service at
the parlors was conducted by the Rev.
Mr. Locke of tne Central M. E. Church.
At the close the flower-covered cask* t
was conveyed to the hearse and the mem
bers of the order followed it to tho rail
road depot at Fourth and Townsernl
streets, where the. casket was placi
the funeral car for Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery. There the very Impressive service
of the order was conducted by the officers
of Golden Gate Camp.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Infant Feeding.
Dr. R. Emory Peck,, house physician of
the Lane Hospital, appeared before th"
Child Study Club yesterday afternoon and
delivered an interesting and Instructive
lecture on food for infants. The club has
succeeded in securing: for every alter
nate Friday some prominent physician to
deliver a lecture, and this has had the ef
fect of bringing about a renewed interest
in the work of the club. Dr. Peck spoke
of the dangers that were to be found In
artificial foods, and by comparative charts
he showed the essential differences be
tween the nourishment of the mother's
milk and that of the cow.
Disordered stomach? Bottle Imptd Medicinal
Ginper Liqueur cures. Atlas Bourbon Whiskey,
purest for medicinal use. Mohns & X., 29 Mkt.«
HARDWARE,
DALACE Hard ware Co., Importers 8 Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752,
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Prop*,
234 Fremont St. Castings of ETery De.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll l AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
lIILLHmLI 11. 722 Montgomery Streat.
PRINTINd.
EC HlinHF^ PRINTER.
• W- lIUUHLOi Ell Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te S s phIO PARTRIDGE Z^u
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, ZTA£C£«.
TYPEWRITERS.
J||^ All Typewriters Rented.
KjS353» Few partly used for sale cheap.
j!|E*33L; AGENTS PMITH PREMIEK.
I jM^^^ L « &M. ALEXANDER,
*^*^'-~"" 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail: send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. KM Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
i THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
i Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gc_-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Oeo-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1314.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI nVIIV Htadquarters for fine Jewelry ana
• Ltmil, ull is . Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO. at It*
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, tei. M. 532;*