VOLUME LXXXV-KO. 181.
CORRUPT SUPERVISORS FAIL TO ENFORCE
THE DEMANDS OF THEIR RAILROAD MASTERS
Market Street Company Franchises Fail
to Be Passed to Print After a
Stubbornly Fought Battle.
THE people of San Francisco have fought and won one of the most
signal victories ever achieved in the history of the municipality.
It remains with Mayor Phelan to determine whether or not this
triumph, which involves millions of dollars and freedom from the
exactions of a dominating monopoly, shall be made permanent. The
Southern Pacific Company and its ally and feeder, the Market Street
Company, have failed to secure from the Board of Supervisors the enor
mously valuable franchise privileges which in defiance of public opinion
and honest protest were demanded.
These franchises need but little characterization. Their character,
since their recent announcement, is notorious. Their adoption would have
meant the robbery of the city, immeasurable injury to property .own
ers, the cheating of the charter and a fifty years' triumph to the associ
ated corporations. An adoption of these franchises would have meant the
violation of public and private rights, the usurpation of hundreds of
streets by an exclusive monopoly and the death of competition for half
a century.
Yet the Southern Pacific Company and the Market Street Company
bought, by whatever means they care to suggest, the indorsement of the
Street Committee for these outrageous schemes. The franchises were to be
passed to print yesterday at a meeting of the entire Boarcl of Supervisors.
Seven serviceable members had been secured. They defied in sullenness
nnd shame the protests of the people. They were determined to win the
reward of their service and not even the scathing denunciation of their
honest associates could swerve them from +heir path of shameful duty.
They were reinforced by a gallery of hissing loafers and attorneys
of the railroad. They tried every possible artifice to carry out their part
of the bargain and receive its price. But they failed. The franchises
were not passed to print and remain as they were before, simply a re
commendation of the Street Committee. As a sop to outraged public
opinion the proposition to grant the Southern Pacific Company the privi
lege of operating double tracks in the Mission was withdrawn.
The battle then commenced on the street railroad franchises and
waged for nearly four hours. Mayor Phelan and the minority, inspired
by a purpose to honor a decent public policy, fought the adoption of the
franchises in every way within the laws of a legislative assembly and
after a bitter struggle the fight was won.
The board adjourned without day ajad without passing the atrocious
resolutions to print. In adjourning without fixing a time for the next
meeting the corrupt majority of the board placed in the hands of Mayor
Phelan a weapon which will win the battle for the people of the city. While
it is customary for the Board of Supervisors to meet every Monday,
there is nothing in the law to make such meetings compulsory.
The Southern Pacific Company and the Market Street Company
must obtain the coveted franchises before July 1 or any grant which the
Supervisors may make will be, under a provision of the charter, null and
void. Mayor Phelan, unaer the law. need not call another meeting of the
Board of Supervisors until July 1. The Mayor is thus master of the situ
ation with a power for good that seldom comes to a single man. He can
by refusing to call a meeting of the Board, and no legal meeting can be
called without his sanction, defeat what is perhaps the most gigantic
steal ever attempted in the history of the city. Those that followed his
energetic protection of the rights of the people yesterday feel that, al
though some nominal hardship might follow his refusal to call a meeting
he recognizes that in the tremendous balance of public g-ood and corpor
ate greed he will tip the balance as he did yesterday and merit the com
mendation of the city.
The law under which Mayor Phelan has power to act is section 67
of the consolidation act, as follows: .
Sec. 67. The Supervisors shall meet within five days after each an
nual election, and also on the first Monday of January, April, July and
October, of each year, and at such other times as specially required by
law; or they may, for urgent reasons, be specially convoked by the presi
dent of the Board of Supervisors.
LONG before the Board of Super
visors met for it* afternoon ses
sion there was an atmosphere of
agitation in the City Hall. Thou
sands know that the meeting was
to be one of the most important ever
held in the history of the municipality.
Franchises worth millions of dollars
were to be sold corruptly to the South
ern Pacific Company and its local
feeder, the Market Street Company, or
were to be preserved to the people of
the city. The issue was one of gigantic
moment and the corridors of the City
Hall were crowded by men Inspired by
eagerness to hear the Issue determined.
It was known that seven Supervisors
had banded together, to sell their per
sonal honor and betray the city to the
corporation which has bc-ught reputa
tions and sold cities for its own finan
cial advantage. These seven Super
visors had been branded by the Iron of
public scorn. They had been threatened
by indignant citizens with personal
violem-e after j>l«-ading and importuni
ties had proved to be in vain. Men rep
tlng the cohservatlve business in
terests of the city had vehemently con
demned the prospective action of the
majority of the board and had promised
to appear in person at the session to
protest against the contemplated out
rage.
There was in consequence a gTeat
deal' of excitement in the City Hall.
Th" police authorities, anticipating ,
trouble, were prepared, and squads of
officers were stationed at the various
entrances to the board rooms and to
the Supervisorial chambers. No one i
who had not the open sesame could
pass the portals, and it seemed strange
to casual observers that an overwhelm. I
ing majority of those that passed the '
doors were railroad agents, ready to
stamp approval of the efforts of the
corrupt Supervisors and to hiss disap- I
probation of the endeavors of those i
that fought for the rights of the people ■
It may have been an accident, but the
!<-mained that railroad hirelings,
from attorneys to loafers, packed the '
main floor and the galleries of the ses- i
Bion chamber. Shortly before the meet- I
ing was called to order the seven sub- i
f the Southern Pacific Company i
decided, without the formality of a 1
meeting, that the outrageous proposi- i
tion to permit the Southern Pacific <
Company to operate double tracks
The San Francisco Call.
through the Mission should he aban
doned in order that the more vicious
and infinitely more valuable street rail
way concessions might be preserved to
the corporation. It was impossible to
mistake the situation, which was with
out parallel in its evidences of corrup
tion.
The Southern Pacific Company had
issued its commands to its seven repre
sentatives in the board. These seven
chattels stood naked in their shame,
but desperate in their allegiance to
their corporation master. If all which
was demanded could not be secured, the
Southern Pacific Company determined
to sacrifice that which was least valu
able, and the "double track" concession
was dropped. John Russell, clerk of the
board, was commanded to drop all ref
erence to it in the report of the Street
Committee.
The solid seven then filed into the as-
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1899.
Fembly chamber for their afternoon
work of planned corruption. As they
filed in they brushed against the ag
gressive representatives of indignant
Mission citizens, who came prepared to
fight against the new outrage of their
rights. The solid seven smiled. They
believed that in robbing the people of
the Mission of an opportunity to pro
test they had cleared the way for the
Perpetration of the outrage which in
street railroad franchises will rob the
city of millions of dollars and saddle
upon the community for fifty years the
dead burden of an unjust monopoly.
The solid seven reckoned without
their host. Without argument and
j without defense they were forced to sit
I in shame as the acknowledged chattels
of the railroad. Through an exciting
; session they saw themselves check
! mated by a persistent, determined op
position fighting for public rights un
der the inspiration of public policy: The
five minority members erf the board and
i the Maynr fought every point and at
tlir end the solid seven saw themselves
cheated of their prize and held up to
public scorn as men who had .sold their
reputations and forgotten the children
who must, bear their names in a com
munity of honorable men.
The meeting had progressed far
through the monotony of routine before
there was a suggestion of the exciting
problems of the day. When the report
of the Street Committee, embodying the
recommendations of franchises to the
Market Street Company, was read Su
pervisor Holland, one of the solid seven,
arose and urged that the rules be sus
pended and that the recommendation*
in reference to franchises be considered
at once. The suggestion of Holland was
a cheap subterfuge the motive of which
was recognized at once. It requires
eight votes to suspend the rules, and
the solid seven, carefully coached by
railroad agents, wanted to trap at least
one member of the minority. The
scheme was seen in time and defeated.
Holland had particularly rme motive
in view. The assembly chamber had
been "packed" by railroad agents, and
the bland Supervisor said that he was
sure men for and against the franchise
were in the room and should be heard.
These men, the Supervisor said, had
been long in attendance, many were
compelled to stand and it would be an
outrage to force them to wait until the
routine business of the board had been
transacted. Common courtesy demand
ed, therefore, in the opinion of the
suave Holland, that the gentlemen
should be heard at once. The bait
caught no fish particularly, as at that
very moment the following protest, late
in being presented, was handed to the
clerk of the board:
The Market Street and Eureka
Valley Improvement Clnb hereby
emphatically proteittM asainnt the
Ki-nndni: of any new frunohloe for
the (ieary ntreet line of the Market
Street Railroad at this time, for the
foi low int reaHoiiH :
First — Ilecaune of ltd Illegality,
the preaent franvbine not having;
terminated.
Second — it In an evident
attempt to thwart the will of the
people as expressed in the new char
ter; and to prevent the possibility
of the people obtaining possession
of the whole street cur system of
this city for half a century, thus
keeping this city behind all the
progressive cities of the world,
which are fast mimin- possession of
all their street cars and roadbeds.
We maintain that these reasons
are paramount to any temporary
advantage* that are claimed by
some to be obtained by granting- the
franchise now.
We hereby certify that this pro
test wan curried unanimously at a
regular meeting of the Market
Str«-«-t and lOureka Valley Improve
ment Club, oonsfsttag of seventy
members.
r. stadeh, President.
WILLIAM B. DUBOIB, Secretary.
Indorsed by Federation o£ Mis
sion Improvement Clubs.
At Holland's request, however, the
clerk again read all of the atrocious
demands made by the Market Street
Company for local street railroad fran
chises. These outrageous requests
have been frequently described. They
include the bogus surrender of the
BATTLING FOR THE CITY'S RIGHTS.
Geary street franchise and its recap
ture by the Market Street Company
under conditions which preclude com
petition, nine small franchises, the
corkscrew road, including the use of
electricity on Post street and the
change of the motive power to elec
tricity on all roads sdTith of Market
street.
Tho franchise for double tracks,
through the Mission, had significantly
been omitted and Supervisor Byington
asked to be informed in reference to
it. Supervisor Holland and his six as
sociates were dumb. That was alto
gether too delicate a subject to discuss.
Clerk Russell volunteered the informa
tion, however, that the Street Commit
tee had decided not to report on double
tracks.
Mayor Phelan Has the Power to Protect
the City and Save the Community
Millions of Dollars.
Supervisor Byington then made a
motion which precipitated the bat
tle'of the day. He moved that all
of the recommendation!! of the Street
< oniMii i !«■•-. iii-kluk franchise* for the
Market Street Company, be referred
back to the committee for farther
consideration. The motion provoked
a storm of applause, which the solid
seven met without raining their
heads.
Supervisor Aigeltinger strenuously
objected to delay. He took upon him
self the disagreeable duty of being the
mouthpiece of the railroad during the
controversy of the arternoon. "This
matter has been before the board." he
said, "time and again, and we should
act upon it now."
The utter falsity of the assertion pro
voked a smile as the extravagant de
mands of the Market Street Company
are only a week old.
"When was this matter considered
before?" asked Supervisor Byington.
"If Mr. Byington is particularly anx
ious, to find out," replied Aigeltinger,
sullenly, "he can turn back to the rec
ords four months ago."
"Mr. Aißeltlnjeer knows," was the
qnick answer of HyiiiKton. "that a
majority of the people of this city
never heard of these applications
for franchises until a week ago.
There are dozens of improvement
clnbs in this city tXat wish to be
heard in reference to this vitally
important business. The citizens
who have appeared before us to-day
represent only the Mission, bat there
are many others who have not had
the opportunity to be heard. I do
not believe that there is upon this
floor a man who 1* honest and wants
to arrant these franchises without
Klvinmr to the people of the city a
hearing-. If we want to be honest
and fair, give these people a
chance."
Again the assembly chamber rang
with applause, but the solid seven were
undaunted. Holland came to the rescue
with an amendment to Byington's mo
tion to refer the matter again to the
Street Committee. Holland moved an
amendment that the visiting citizens be
heard at once. Mayor Phelan declared
the amendment out of order. There was
no appeal from his decision and Bying
ton's original motion was put. As a
matter of course it was lost. The solid
seven had assembled to obey the South
ern Pacific Company and they were not
to be cheated out of the rewards of
obedience.
The Holid seven relaxed to refer
the recommendation* for franchlnen
again to the Street Committee. The
roll of didhonor, which will long:- be
remembered by decent people of
thin city. In an follows*: SuperviMora
\ lji«-li iiiKrr, \l I riil ii«-, It In.- U. Col
linn. Holland, Kalben and Phclpg.
Those that retained their self
MAYOR PHELAN CAN
BLOCK SUPERVISORS
MAYOR PHELAN has it in his power, and recognizes the fact
in the following interview, to prevent a meeting of the
Board of Supervisors until July 1. He said last night:
"The resources of the law are marvelous when once we
invoke technicalities. The public enemies are not slow to
take every advantage, and in the public defense we are doubtless Justi
fied in demanding strict construction of rules and law.
"After transacting all its business to-day the Board of Supervisors
adjourned to no fixed day. To show the inadequacy of the consolida
tion act to meet the requirements of a great city, which w*as frequently
referred to in the charter campaign, there is no provision for meet
ings of the Board of Supervisors except four times a year.
"The board having adjourned without fixing a day, I would say
at first blush that there legally can be no meeting, unless called by
the Mayor.
"I will look into the necessities of the public business and get the
advice of my attorneys before making any statement.
"The rank iniquity of forcing the Geary street franchise in violation
even of the act of 1897 should put the citizens on guard and when the
board does meet a loud and unmistakable protest should be heard.
The present franchise must be actually surrendered in good faith be
fore a new one can be granted. That is the plain reading of the act
and the penalty for violating any of the conditions of the act by the
Supervisors is removal from office. The attempted sale of a part of
Geary street for the 'corkscrew' route, when Post street would better
serve the Market Street Company, is to prevent the sale of a fran
chise under the charter from the ferries to the park: because if Geary
street is occupied above Market, the 'ten block provision,' by which a
rival may us_e another's tracks, will be defeated, for there then will
be an excess of ten blocks. This is the 'joker.' Geary street is the
battle-ground for the people's rights. If the city takes possession of
that road from the ferries to the Park in 1903, when the franchise lee
ally expires, we will realize an enormous benefit; otherwise we will
have to await street railway reform for thirty-five years, when the
other franchises expire. It means millions to the city.
"This is worth fighting for. and the fight has only begun."
respect and kept their pledge of
decency and honesty in public
office are as follows: Supervisors
Byington, Deasy, Heyer, Lack
mann and Perrault.
When the announcement was made
that the motion was lost Supervisor
Byington changed his vote from "no"
to "aye" and gave notice that at the
next regular meeting he would move
for a reconsideration. Supervisor Aigel
tinger moved, according to the Southern
Pacific programme, that reconsidera
tion be held at once. Aigeltinger was
eager in his demand. His appeal had
all the earnestness of self-interest. He
misquoted fromi rules of parliamentary
law, as Mayor Phelan caustically char
acterized them, "Gushing boiled down."
Every clumsy artifice known to the de
fender of the railroad was used, but to
no purpose. Mayor Phelan was fixed in
his determination to protect the city
and the body over which he presides
from the impudent arrogance of the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
railroad chattels. "I will not entertain
frivolous, unjust and mischievous mo
tions," he said.
Aigeltinger retired in disgrace and
Holland took another chance. He
pleaded that in courtesy to the visiting
citizens they should be heard.
"Then let them appear," interrupted
Supervisor Deasy, "before the Street
Committee in this room next Thursday
afternoon."
The solid seven fwere drifting on to
dangerous ground. Any reference to
the Street Committee sent visions of
reward a-glimmering. Phelps was on
his feet in an instant and with an in
sult and a defiance.
"Let the whole city come here if it
wants to!" he shouted. "Let everybody
come here next Wednesday at 2 o'clock
before the whole board. If this is such
an important affair I move that we
meet then in regular session and invite
everybody."
Supervisor Lackmann showed that
there can be no regular meeting of the
board according to custom until next
Monday.
"Why are you in such unseemly
haste?" asked Supervisor Byington, ad
dressing Phelps.
"I don't have to answer your ques
tion," snapped Phelps.
"I know you don't," was Byington'g
ready reply. "You don't have to an
swer any question that your constitu
ents want."
Phelps replied by demanding that his
motion be put. There was then a long
argument. The solid seven were be
coming tangled and uncertain. They
may be shrewd in obedience, but they
certainly are not crafty in carrying out
their orders. In a moment Byington
spoke to the motion.
"If -we are receiving- orders from
! some one." he Maid, "who holds the
■ whip hand and In driving: the major
ity of this board, then let 11* hanten
<to do what we are ordered. Bat if
; the gentlemen nho are in nuch
! haste will look to their reputations
: and not to the advantage of certain
; people who are operating oataide of
j thitt room, it will be infinitely bet
) ter for themselveii and for their
children after them."
This impassioned rebuke was met
with mingled cheers and hisses. The
railroad lobby had at last commenced a
disturbance which was quelled by the
quick command of Mayor Phelan to the
police to preserve order.
As soon as order was restored Byinjr
ton moved to amend Phelp's motion for
the board to meet to-morrow by lay
ing the motion on the table. From
this point to the end of the session the
struggle of the minority of five, ably
assisted by Mayor Phelan, to save the
city from the outrages planned by the
solid seven in the service of the rail
road was exclusively conducted on
technicalities. The minority knew that
they were fighting in the intei-est of
public policy and they took advantage
of every point permitted by the rules
of the board. Each member of the
minority contributed his share of tech
nical information. Supervisor Perrault
rendering particularly effective service.
The solid seven were mastered at every
turn. They should have been better
coached.
Byington's amendment was of course
Continued on Page Thre*.2
SHOTGUN EXPERTS
IN COMPETITION
Marksmen's Tourna
ment at Antoch.
STATE ASSOCIATION SHOOT
BARKER'S AVERAGE THE BEST
OF THE FIRST DAY!
Garden City Gun Club Wins the Roos
Trophy and Clarence Haight
Makes the First Clean
Score.
ipatch to The Call.
I-
ANTIOCH; May 29.-The State Inani
mate Target Association's seventh annual •
tournament commenced here to-day and I
Will last two days. Crack shots are as- '
sembled here from all over the State. Of
course in a town like Antioch the hotel
accommodation •is inadequate for such |
an unusual crowd, but the citizens have j
thrown open their homes to the visitors, j
AH of the shooters are well pleased with I
the grounds. There was a little confu- I
sion this morning in getting the teams
strung out in their regular order, but Sec
retary Gunsenderfer and his assistants,
Michael and Wills, now have things well
in hand and everything is working
smoothly. The wind blew hard to-day.
and interfered with the calculations of
some of the boys who expected to make
clean scores, but it has not prevented
Clarence Hafght from getting one to his
credit. It was the first clean twenty
birds of the tournament, and as soon as ■
Halgrit brought them down he received
the applause of the grand stand and was
soon surrounded by friends offering him
their congratulations.
The Olympic "Club boys are much in
evidence in their pretty uniforms. They
have their tent pitched on the grounds,
with the name of their club painted on ■
the roof. Charles Nauman is easily the
Beau Brummel of his squad. Nauman
is a good shot, too, and that makes him
all the more conspicuous. He made a
phenomenal score in ihe practice shoot
yesterday, but was not in as good form
to-day.
The shooting grounds have been
equipped by the Antioeh Gun Club with- :
out cost to the State Association. The
equipment is electrical throughout and up
to date in every particular. The State !
Association has entire charge of the
grounds, and all the profits from trap
ping birds go into the association treas
ury. One of the trophies to be shot for at
this tournament Is a handsome solid
silver loving cup contributed by the citi
zens of Antioch.
Cold weather has prevented as large at- : '
tendance of spectators as there would :
have been had the weather been' more
pleasant. This afternoon the wind blew j
almost a gale. To add to the annoyance, |
Valley railroad contractors are grading]
their roadbed on the windy side • of the'
grounds, and at times dust sweeps across, I
the marksmen. The new system of shoot- j
ing is receiving plenty of praise. Under \
It the best shots do not receive all the
money, but any one . who breaks over
sixteen saucers is entitled to a shar*. !
In this way the money is pretty equally j
divided. It is good for the tailenders, but
the crack shots get the worst of it. As.
they are iii the minority, however, their
objection to the method would have little
weight.
A. M. Barker of San Jose made the
highest average score to-day. John Kar
ney of the Lincoln Gun Club was second
and Nauman of the Olympics third. The
summary follows:
Lincoln Gun Club trophy, twenty tingles—
Won by W. H. Seaver, shooting under the norn
de plume of "Trom7)one."
Empire Gun Club trophy— Won by Kd
Schultz.
E. T. Allen cup— Won by C. A. Halght, who
mnde a clean score of twenty saucers.
"Gold Dust" diamond medal— Won by Webb-
Garden City Gun Club trophy— Won by Bar
ker.
Contest for Roob* three-man team trophy —
Won by Garden City Gun Club. Its team broke
'71 out of 75. The score for this event was as
follows:
San Francisco Gun Club— W. Sear* 24. E.
Schuitz 23. E. Klevesahl 21. Total. 68.
L'nlon Gun Club— George HuuxlHirst 15, J. D.
McCutcheon 17, W. Robertson IS. Total, 53.
Lincoln Gun Club— G. Hear 21, J. Bruns 21,
J. Karney 23. Total. 65.
Antioch Gun Club— J. Rosa 20, A. G. Flick
enger 17. Lee Durham 23. Total, 60.
Garden City Gun Club No. 2— X. Coykendall
21, W. B. Hobson 21. W. H. Varien 21. To
tal. 63
Merced Gun Club— A. T. Hyde 23, "Fox" 21,
L. Inpalsbe 21. Total, 65.
Garden City Gun Club No. — "Heidelberg"
25, Georce Anderson 22. P. Merrill 24. Total. 71.
Empire Gun Club V.'. Debenham 19, J. H.
Durst 23, Fred Feudner 22. Total, 64.
The complete score for the day was as
follows:
Contestants— 20 Birds
\V. ears 19 IT 17 17 IS
X ScliulM 15 20 17 16 15
E. Kteresshl 15 19' 17 15 ' 17
H. Rlcklefsen 19 13 IT 14 IS
.-: Neußtadter 15 11 12 14 12
C. H. Shaw 15 14 16 11 13
Joseph Roy* II 19 16 17 18
Lee Durham 15 IT 14 14 J4
H. E. L*molne 7 II 11 14 11
Dr. W. S. GeorßP 8 10 6 . f,...'
A. c Hartley 16 14 15 is it
J.P.Taylor 11 12 IS 14 IT
Otto Feudner. 18 IS IS la 17
C. Xauman ......-.......'..1S 17 19 17 1$
A. J. Webb 17 19 15 20 20
C. A. Height IS -1« 20 17 13
W .1. Golcher..." 16 15 17 17 IS
Edgar Foster 15 1' ;15 14 15
A. G. FllckenKer .-..., 17 17 17 15 14
fJoorge S.r-.ls'. ...".....12 9 12 12 7
.Joseph Taylor ......12 11 12 8 14
Outcalt' i 12' 17 15 15 17
V O. Lamotte 12. 17 11 8 16
C. W. Baker 18' 14 IS 12 14
H. C. Rosenberg ......12 13 11 4 10
H. A. Hbyt 13 16 15 14 13
R. B. Hayden 15 .. 16 13 14
George Lunmen 9 7 12 12 11
D. I'.Fmukes 16 18 15 16 16
•Fox' 1 18 18 16 15 18
Sam Thompson 17 17 14 •13 14
S. O. St. John 14 17 12 13 15
A T. Hyde 17 20 18 19 16
Fred "Slim" 16 15 11 16 12
"Glazier" 10 15 12 11 15
.' H. Durst 13 19 17 19 17
Dr. D. K. Hails U 12 14 6 11
\V. F. Andrus 12 10 IT 14 15
E. D Ebenham 15 15 17 17 IS
J. H. Haver 9 14 11 10 13
Fred Feudner 17 17 14 19 16
"Heidelberg" 18 is 17 16 20
George Anderson 17 16 18 14 17
R. Coykendall 14 20 it 13 17
W. B. Hobson 17 18 12 12 IT
W. H. Varlen 13 14 11 13 IS
F. Merrill 18 16 19 18 IT
G. Bear 14 16 14 13 19
Eugene Foster 15 17 18 14 16
E. Kerrison IS 17 14 IS 14
3. Bmns ~tO 18 IT 13 16
J. Karney ...■ 17 19 19 15 18
P. B. Bekeart 15 17 IS 17 17
J. H. Hatcher 13 IS 13 17 l"
J. AY. Moonavr 16 14 13 15 15
F. W. VfrllP 15 13 13 11 11
H. W. White 12 13 15 12 12
M.C.Allen 11 15 15 15 15
L. Ingalsbe 19 17 16 16 16
H. Justlns 13 16 15 15 12
C. F. Grant 15 14 14 15 13
"Trombone" 20 17 15 16 19
Charles Carr 15 1"! 16 19 16
L. D. Owens .....16 17 18 17 15
W. L; Orear 12 12 IT 11 14
C. Merrill Vi 17 IS 16 16
F. W. King..- ...13 12 15 14 14
J. H. McCutcheon 14 it 12 11 11
L. Hauxhurst 13 12 1 [] 13
W. I. KobertKon.... 14 IT 15 IT IT
I. R. D. Grubb 11 H 15 I.V 15
J. Mitchell .. .. 13 17
M. McDonald V> 14
J. Hlckerstaff 15 • 13
At a meeting of the association held In
the Arlington Hotel parlors to-night Dr.
\V. 8/ George of Antioch was re-elected
president. J. B. Hover, Dr. Hyde. George
Anderson. Dr. J. H. Hatcher and H. fi.
White were elected vice presidents, and
Ad. Gunzendorfer secretary anil treasurer.
For the next tournament the grounds of
the Empire Gun Club of San Francisco
and Fresno's grounds were voted for. M.
C. Allen, of San Francisco advocated the
claims of Fresno very forcibly, and after
a vote on the two places Fresno was se
lected and the date nxe.d at April 29 and
W. TSOO.
1
RUSHING TO SIERRA
PINTADA PLACERS
THE STEAAASHIP CURACAO.
PROSPECTORS
SAIL FROM
SAN DIEGO
Numerous Parties Preparing
to Participate in the
Stampede.
Speci.il Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO, May 29.— Excitement over
he Si-rra Pintada placers of Lower Cali
ornia grew more intense to-day in this
ity. The whole city has been talking of
lothing else. The schooner Santa Bar
>ara did not arrive at San Quintin from
n landing to-day as was .\
--tected, but that fact made very little
lifference with the people interested in
he placers. It is considered very Improb
ible that the Santa Barbara will bring
inything but the most encouraging news
'■ncoming the new fields. Enough al
"eady has been learned from mining men
n Lower California to justify the rush
md it is beginning: in earnest.
The wires are k>'pt hot between this
rity and Knsenada and Sun Quintin with
tuerles for the very first news from the
TRAINING HARD
FOR THE FIGHT
Fitz Making His Final
Preparations.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Champion
Fitzslmmons to-day started in on his
final preparation for his battle with
Jeffries. Although the champion has
decided to cut out some of his routine
work from his regular schedule. Lanky
Bob expects to be a pretty busy man
up to the day of the fistic argument.
Bob has revised his schedule and will
in future take little road work. Spins
of ten or twelve miles have been the
feature of the Australian's training.
but he has trained down to the weight
at which he desires to flght, and he
will now devote considerable time to
boxing and punching the bag. This is
I to harden his muscles and other tender
I parts which need a little bracing up.
Fitzsimmons is well pleased with the
result <>f his preliminary work, and,
barring accidents, he expects to be in
j better physical condition than in any
,of his previous fights. Notwithstand
ing the announcement made by the
managers of the Coney Island Sporting
Club that no women will be allowed to
I see the Jeffries-Fitzsimmons fight. Mrs.
I Fitzsimmons may be present and oc
; cupy a seat near her husband's corner.
■ It will be remembered that when the
lanky Australian won the championship
at Carson City she was present and
aided materially in advising her hus
band how to defeat Corbett.'
Jeffries returned to Asbury Park from
New York this morning bright and
early, and a few minutes after his ar
, rival be was paced by ROM O'Neil in
a bicycle run for seven miles. It has
i been practically decided that Jeffries'
i seconds will be made up from the train
-1 ing camp, and that Tommy Ryan will
be in his corner the night of the fight.
The California!! said this mornine.
when asked if he thought the battle
would go the limit, that ten rounds
would settle it unless Fitz ran away.
j "I never heard of Fitz running away."
he added, "and there is every reason to
believe that it will be a tussle at close
quarters from start to finish."
Jeffries does not believe, as some ring
experts pretend to say, that his addi
tional weight is a disadvantage. It
might be so were he a slow man. but
those who know his alertness in the
arena are inclined to think that extra
weight when properly used will be more
of an advantage than a disadvantage.
SALOON MEN MAKING
WAR ON KENO GAMES
| SACRAMENTO. May 23.— At to-night's
session of the City Trustees Lou Green,
| a saloon-keeper, presented* a petition from
! 150 saloon men asking the board to take
i action to suppress the (:tno Kan:..-. He
| said the number of saloons had been re
i duced from about 4CO to ISO because men
! who formerly spent money in the saloons
now spend it in playing keno. Others be
lieved the reduction in the number of sa
loons was due to various causes, one be
ing that bicycling now took into the coun
■ try on holidays hundreds of young men
j who formerly spent their leisure time
I about drinking resorts.
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30. 1899.
Santa Barbara and when the vessel puts
in an appearance the fullest details will
be learned up to the time the vessel sailed
fmni Ascension Bay.
A report came up by letter from San
Quintin to-day that Juan Fernandez and
Adnlph Bareno, well-known Mexicans,
have arrived at Rosario, Hume distance
helnw San Quintin. with $206u in gold nug
gets. They are coming after their fam
ilies and will return to Sierra Pintada.
The schooner Anita. Captain B. W.
Funcke, sailed at 7 o'clock to-night for
Ascension Bay with forty men and thirty
t< ns of Bupplles for the Sierra Pintada
placers. On board were eight burros and
more "ill be taken aboard at Ensenada
to-morrow. One hundred burros have
Iriven Into Ens oada within the past
two day? and the supply will satisfy the
demand for some days al least. The ani
mals are worth from $12 to $1"> in gold
a] lee« at Ensenada and the cost of trans
porting them to Ascension is $10 a head.
Experienced miners jay every man should
take a burro.
The scene on the Santa Fe wharf to
day was very exciting. Several hundred
men, women and children thronged the
wharf all the afternoon. The list of pas
sengers booked for ihe voyage included
some prominent men t.l this city and they
already had donned their rough-and-ready
tlothes and cork bats. That part of the
vessel's hold not reserved for bunks was
crammed with supplies of all kinds and
the schooner's deck was piled high with
provisions, dry washers and every Im
aginable kind of freight When the Anita
sailed there wire at least 50<i persons on
the wharf. There was . loud cheering
both fi'im those in the crowd and those
on the vessel.
The steamer St. Denis is being put into
condition for making the trip to Ascen
sion, leaving here on June 1. A force of
six carpenters is building bunks in her
'tween decks and she will take down
about 100 passengers.
The schooner Thomas S. Negus, which
brought out a party of people* from New
York during the Klondike axcitement,
has been cnartfered h*y Cnaries Robbins
and J. B. Cantlfn and will sail for As
it-nsion on June 6 from this port.
JAPANESE RIOTERS
SENTENCED TO DIE
Sequel to Race War in
Hawaii.
Special Onrrespoivlence of The Call.
HONOLULU, May 22.-Ihara Ichigoro
was sentenced by Judge Perry to be
hanged on Monday, August 28, for the
I murder of one of the Chinese victims of
the Kahuku plantation riot. When asked
if he had any reason to give why sen
tence of death Bhould not be pronounced
upon him. the prisoner at the bar an
swered only with convulsive sobs.
Osaki, convicted of manslaughter in the
first degree, was sentenced to twenty
I years' imprisonment at hard labor. Ya
mane, for manslaughter in the third de
gree, was given live years at hard labor
and ordered to pay costs.
Fourteen Japanese from Kahuku were
indicted for riol, and on pleading not
guilty were remanded until called up for
trial. A new venire of fifty jurors has
beejj summoned from which to impanel a
jury for the remaining trials arising out
of the Kahuku riot.
Late this afternoon two other murder
trials, in connection with the death uf
i as many Chinamen, were dispensed with
;by other proceedings. In the Becond case,
where the defendants were the s;ime. as
In the first, Yamane pleaded guilty to
manslaughter in the second degree and
a nolle prosequi was entered In the cases
of the other four defendants.. Yamane
was sentenced to ten years at hard labor,
the term to take effect at the end of his
previous sentence of five '.ears.
In the third case there "were three de
' fendants who had figured in the first two
1 cases. The fourth was a new man.
I Chldo Mauzabnro was his name. 11.
i pleaded guilty to the charge of man-
I slaughter in the first degree and was
j given twenty years at hard labor. A
i nolle prosequi was entered for the others.
ARCHBISHOP KEANE
WILL NOT BE RECTOR
WASHINGTON, May 29.-An authorita
tive denial was given to-day to the state
ment set atloat yesterday that Archbishop
ECeane was about to return from Rome to
resume his old post as rector of the <'ath
olic University, Bftcmslgnor Conaty, the
present rector, retiring to become Bishop
of Columbus. Monsignor ("onaly to-day
authorized the following statement:
"At the meeting of the board of trus
tees of the Catholic University held at the
university last October a request was
made by the trustees that Most Rev.
Archbishop Kcane be asked to devote a
year or more of his time to help in the
completion of the endowment of the uni
versity, so that with the beginning of the
century the university might be fully en
dowed. Archbishop Keane, with that dis
interestedness which has always charac
terized his devotion to the university from
the beginning of its work, agreed to do
■whatever the Right Rev. rector and the
trustees might desire, provided the neces
sary permission was obtained from the
Holy See. This was received and Arch
bishop Keane will arrive in the United
States the latter part of September to be-
his work In conjunction with the
Right Rev. rc-etor and trustees."
State's Biggest Oil Well.
LOB ANGELES, May W.— The Grahnm-
Lofturoii well uncovered In the Fullerton,
Ik'ld <m Friday promises to produce re
sults most extraordinary. Word has
reached Santa Ke headquarters here that
the gusher had r« ached a stage where the
daily record would bo 650 barrels. The
well is by far the biggest single producer
ic\er uncovered In California.
ONE NUGGET
ALL THE GOLD
ON BOARD
Steamship Curacao Brings
News of the Lower Cali
fornia Placers.
The steamer Curacao arrived from
Mexican ports yesterday with the first
news thai has come direct from the gold
ti-lds of Lower California. The officers of
the vessel report great excitement at
Santa Rosalia and Ensenada and it was
almost impossible to obtain laborers at
either place owing to the exodus. The
gold is said to be plentiful and the miners
average from one-half ounce to two
ounces a day. The dust and nuggets are
very pure, being nearly 900 tine and worth
$UI an ounce. F. Andunaegui of the firm
of Andonaegui & Ormart, Ensenada, was
one of the passengers by the Curacao.
"Very little if any gold has come into
Ensenada from the placer mines." said
he. yesterday. "An American with dust
valued at from $2000 up as high as $8000 is
said to have COOK in. but I did not see
him. His arrival is the only event I can
think of that would give rise to the story
that gold dust to th.- value of $150,000 was
shipped on the Curacao. About the only
gold from the min<s on the vessel is what
1 have in this small nugget, and that is
not more than; five ounces. It is the pur
est and prettiest sample of the metal I
have ever Been, and they Bay that all the
product of that district is the same.
"Ensenada is th" port of entry for the
new gold fields, 'l hence prospectors must
go by steam or sail to a place called Asun
cion, an open roadstead between Point San
Domingo and a small port called Santo
I)nmingo. The fare to Asuncion Is $35 and
$30 Mexican money. After landing there
the miner in search of the gold fields will
have to walk at least fifteen miles over
the desert sands unless he by great good
luck strikes a bullock team. Of course a
good many people are going by way of
Santo Domingo and Santa Rosalia, but
while it is easier to land at those places
it means a longer walk over the sands
than it does from Asuncion.
"The placers are three miles long and
one mile wide, and if all the reports are
true they are very rich. At Calmallf the
Ybarra gold mine Is closed. All the hands
deserted and have gone to the new field.
At Ensenada and Santa Rosalia there are
no teams to be had and no one to do ex
tra work, as everybody has gone to the
gold fields. Many of the business men of
Lower California have gone to investigate
the find and if it is what it is reported to
be they will start in business on the fields.
For the present everybody who goes in
must take his own provisions with him.
We left Ensenada last Saturday and up
to that time the only supply of water on
the field was from Coyote Spring, al
though plenty was to be got from the hills
eight miles away.
"At Santa Rosalia It was reported that
a Spaniard had come in with three pounds
Of dust and nuggets. In fact, his wife was
aboard the steamer and told the story
herself. 1 am satisfied there is plenty of
gold in the new placers but there is also
going to be plenty of hardship In getting
It and far more people will take out half
an. ounce a day than will take two
ounces."
The Curacao will sail again for Ensen
ada and other Mexican ports the latter
part of this week and quite a number of
miners have engaged passage on her.
S'im^ of those who quailed before the
rigors of an Arctic winter on the Yukon
are now going to try the effects of the
torrid zone.
TEN JURORS SWORN
TO TRY YDA ADDIS
SANTA BARBARA, May 20.— The trial
of Yda Addis Stnrke, the divorced wife
of C. A. Storke of this city, and who is
sharped with having written llbelous let
ters concerning Dr. R. F. "Winchester, be
gan this morning. The defendant is the
writer who under the itame. "Yda Addis"
in former years won considerable reputa
tion. Her name has been prominent In
the court calendars for ten years past.
Dr. R. K. Winchester is a physician of
good standing in this city.
Some time in May or June of last year
anonymous letters were received by va
rious persons in this city,- to the number
of forty or fifty, all having as the burden
of their story charges against the doctor
and certain women of the city, who bore
excellent characters. The charges were
of a character that cannot well be put.
into print. The postal authorities took
the case under investigation and had a
postal officer investigate. He finally be
came convinced that- the writer of the
letters was Mrs. Storke, and so reported
to the Federal authorities. They thought
the offense was one more properly tria
ble in the State courts and recommended
that action be brought there. Vnder
these circumstances the case was brought
before the Grand Jury of this county in
December resulting in a charge of Hbel
against Yda Addis.
The case will hinge on a Question of
handwriting. The iury i? to say whether
the handwriting is that of the defendant.
Theodore Kytka is the expert who will
Dfl sworn as to the handwriting.
Ten jurors were sworn to-day and the
panel was exhausted. An order for more
jurors was made and the case will go on
Wednesday, to-morrow being a holiday.
Charron Accepts the Challenge.
PARIS, May 29.— Charron, winner of the
Paris-Bordeaux race for automobiles, ac
cepts the challenge of Winton or any one
else in the world for stakes of at least
5000 francs. He can find 100,000 francs
easily. The race is to occur in France or
America, France preferred. Charron uses
the Herald and Call as mediums of send
ing his acceptance! ■
SLOAN'S MOUNT
IN THE DERBY
American Jockey to Ride
Holocaust.
SAYS HE HAS A CHANCE
EXPECTS TO GET PABT OF THE
MONEY.
The Premier Believes the French
Horse Will Make a Better Show
ing Than He Did for the
Grand Prix.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 29. — In conversation
with a representative of the Associated
Press Tod Sloan said:
"I have a surprise for you. I have just
arranged to ride Holocaust fof the Derby
jon Wednesday. While Flying Fox will
undoubtedly be hard to beat, I am satis
! lied something bettor can be got out of
the French horse than was developed yes
terday, lie may not win the race, but
I he will be the next best and 1 propose to
! give him the best effort. Holocaust ar
rived safely to-day and 1 go to Epsom in
| the morning' to see him. If I do not se
| cure a place I shall be greatly dis
j appointed."
Holocaust is a gray colt by I.esanchy
out of Bougie, and is the property of J.
de Bremnod. He finished third in the
! Grand Prix at Longchamps yesterday.
«■
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Eddie Jones One of the Winning
Horses at St. Louis.
NEW YORK, May 29.— A strong breeze
from the ocean made It a little too cool
for comfort at the Gravesend track to
day, but the attendance was large. The
i crowd was made up of overnight events,
it being an off-day. Three favorites won.
Results:
Five furlongs— Water King won. Peaceful
! second. Premature third. Time, 1:02%.
I One and an eighth miles— Algol won. King
Barleycorn second, Holden third. Time, 1:54.
. Selling, five furlongs — Caesarian won. Theory
second, Athy third. Time, l:01>£.
One and a sixteenth miles — Greatland won,
I Rhinelander second, Manlius third. Time,
| 1:49%.
■ Five furlongs— Sadduree won, Montanlc sec
ond, Inishfree third. Time, 1:01%.
Six furlongs— Oliver Me won. The Burlington
. Route second, Inconnamara third. Time, I:!.". 1 ,-
CINCINNATI, May 88.— track was in bad
condition at Latonla . to-day. Weather fair.
Results:
Seven furlongs— Mizzoura won, Tolstoi second.
I Richardson third. Time. 1:32^.
• Five turlongs, selling— Lady Curzon won, Net
tle Regent second, Larkspur third. Time. 1:05.
One mile, selling— Loyalty won, Hand I) sec
ond. Schoolgirl third. Time, 1:47.
I Mile and seventy yards— Great Bend won,
! Gold Fox second, Samovar third. Time. 1:49.
i Four and a half furlongs, maiden two-year
olds—Honest Run won, John Yerkes second,
Decoy third. Time, :59%.
One mile, selling— Allie Belle won, Elkin sec
ond. Lyllls third. Time. 1:4*%.
ST LOUIS. May 29.— Results at the Fair
Grounds:
one mile, selling— Eight Bells won, Gomez
second. Colonel Caaaidy third. Time. l:4o>-4.
Selling, live furlongp— Miss Bramble won.
Belle Punch second, Necklace third. Time.
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Alice Turner
won Greenock second, Chlckamauga third.
Time, I :6f.
Handicap, mile and twenty-yards— Crocket
vv<r:. Found S'->'"iid, Fervor third. Time. 1:42'- ;l .
Selling, cue and :t sixteenth miles— Eddie
Jonos won. Mearfowthorpe second, Forget Not
third. Time, 1:49.
sviling. '.lie mile— Kisme won, Osric II sec
ond Air Blast third. Time. 1:42.
Phillies Defeat the Lobsters.
rHIIiAI>I".U'HIA, May 29.— The Phillies d<
feated Cleveland with very little effort to-day.
There were no features. Attendance, 3335.
.■>•■ >re:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 15 3
Philadelphia 7 14 4
Batteries-^HuKhey and Sugden; Donahue and
I>i.ugl»ss. Umpires— GafTney and Andrews.
JAPANESE TO VOTE
IN HAWAII'S ELECTION
HONOLULU, May 22.— One full-blooded
Japanese will vote in the election next
: fall for Senators and representatives. The
man is Toma Abe, a Japanese policeman.
; T^ie right to vote comes in under the
| "service" clause of the constitution.
Toma served with the present Govern
ment in the revolution of 1893 and the out
break in 1895. Up to July 4, 1894, he had
been in constant support of the provi
sional government, for which he was, un
■■ der the constitution, given a certificate
j of special rights of citizenship.
Torha did not try to register in 1896,
1 anticipating some objection and trouble
: about it. but made up his mind then that
he would try it this year. Another thing
that hurried him up is a desire he has
! had for years to become an American cit
izen. Toma cut his nationality long ago,
and has been heard more than once to
tell his countrymen that he was not a
Japanese, but an American. : ' . =•£•
Early in the present year he took the
I new oath to support the constitution and
laws of both the United States and Ha
: waii. Then he applied to the Supreme
: Court for a certificate that he was enti-
I tied to vote. This morning Toma laid be
i fore Registrar Fred Oat the following
declaration, signed by Chief Justice Judd
'. and sealed with the seal of the Supremo
, Court. ','?*">?.?•
Be it remembered that on the sth flay of
January, 1899, Toma Abe, an alien, and late
a subject or citizen of Japan, applied In writ-
Ing to ft Justice of the Supreme Court to
be admitted a citizen of the republic of Ha
waii, pursuant to the constitution thereof in
relation thereto, and, it appearing by the said
application and by other satisfactory- proofs
that he has procured from the Minister of the
Interior a certificate of service, entitling him.
to be naturalized without further qualification,
and the said Toma Abe having on the nth day
of January. 1899, taken and subscribed to the
oath required by the constitution before George
Lucas, clerk of the Supreme Court, > .>
Therefore I do admit the said Toma Abe
and declare him to be a citizen of the repub
lic of Hawaii.
This settled the matter so far as the
Board of Registration was concerned and
the man was duly registered. .
HURRYING THE WORK
ON THE SURF LINE
SANTA BARBARA. May 20.-Work on
the coast railroad tending toward the
I completion of the gap is roing on rapidly.
I Contractor McCormiek added thirty-live
■ men and as many teams to his force yes
j terday and will take all the men he can
I get. Contractor Ramish of the firm of
Ramish & Marsh of I>os Angeles was in
; the city to-day making preparations to
i bring his force to the scene. The diffi
| culty in obtaining a camping ground for
i his men has been solved and the camp
j will be situated on the Bishop property
;in the Tecolote Canyon. Mr. Ramish said
to-day his men would begin to arrive to
morrow to make up camp. He calculates
I that he will have work to keep them busy
i for fifteen months, and his contract read's
] for the rough work of construction only.
Superintendent of Construction Basch
ki will soon leave his El wood headquar
i ters and move to the other end of the
I line, on or near the Holllster ranch.
President C. P. Huntington has writ
ten asking the right of way committee
i What it wants him to do toward settling
the right of way difficulty, inferring that
! he had made up his mind to help pay for
j the right of way.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC 1 PORTS.
PORT BLAKKLEY- Arrived May 29— Schr
Wawuna, from Newport,
TACOMA-Satled May 28— Stmr Victoria, for
Hongkong.
DISCUSSED By
THE DELEGATES
Peace Sub-Committees
Are at Work.
ARBITRATION IS CONSIDERED
ITALY AMENDS THE RUSSIAN
PROJECT.
Later On Uncle Sam's Representa
tives Will Submit a Proposal for
a Permanent Court of
Arbitration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE, May 29.— The drafting
. committee, or sub-committee of the ar
j bitration committee, met to-day and
! discussed the Russian scheme, adopt
ing with slight modifications the first
i six articles.
Count Nigra, chief of the Italian del
| egation, submitted a proposal of media
j tion and arbitration consisting of six
articles in the form of an amendment
to the Russian project.
The Americans also submitted an
amendment demanding that, in the
event of a dispute between two nations,
each should choose another nation to
act together as arbitrators to settle
the differences without bloodshed. This
must not be confounded with the pro
posal for a permanent arbitration tri
bunal which the Americans will intro
duce during the week.
The Italian proposal includes a clause
providing thai mediation and arbitra
tion shall not stop mobilization or prep
arations for war. Neither the Ameri
can nor the Italian amendment has yet
been discussed.
The naval and military sections of the
disarmament committee both met to
day and exchanged ideas in a desultory
manner. The impression gains ground
that the outcome of the committee will
be practically nil.
A brief official record of the doings of
the pecce conference during the last
week says: "Provisional proposals for
mediation and arbitration have been
submitted by the representatives of
Russia, Great Britain, Italy and the
United States."
The co-respondent here of the Asso
ciated Press learns that the statement
that the Americans have submitted an
arbitration proposal is incorrect. Their
proposals for a. permanent tribunal are
not ready, as a French translation is
necessary. They will probably be sub
mitted on Wednesday.
AUCTION SALE OF
PIONEER MILL STOCK
Forty-Four Fractional Shares Bring
a High Figure at Hono
lulu.
HONOLULU. May 22.— Forty-four frac
tional snares of Pioneer Mill Company
were sold at auction Saturday for $315 a
share. The subscription list #f the MC-
Bryde Sugar Company, Limited, will r>e '
opened on Friday and Saturday next. I
Ten per cent deposit is required. This
scheme is popularly known a* the "Wa
hiawa." The high" price obtained by Mr.
Dnior for Eleele plantation from the pro
moters was due to the necessity of secur
ing tin- Hanapepe water resources.
Both of the rival railroad companies
for building a railway in Hawaii were
before the executive council to-day. L.
A. Thurston.and F. M. Hatch, both tor
mcr Ministers to Washington, appeared
for the Hilo Railroad Company, which Is
already working under its charter. W. ]
D. Smith, former Attorney General, ap
beared for the applicants for a charter
for the Hilo ami Honolulu Railroad Com
pany, Wade J. Brown. H. B. Gehr and T.
Rain Walker, promoters, being also pres-
I ent. The applicants submitted amended
i forms of agreement and charter. Tne
I hearing began in the morning and was
! continued in the afternoon.
For want of a quorum, due to the ar- !
rival of the- steamship China, the Cham
i ber of Commerce will not decide the mat-
I ter of an exhibit at-Omaha until Wednes
day next. It is practically decided, how
ever, to be represented at the Greater
American Exposition. The Government
has withheld consent to having- the i>and
I go to Omaha until the Exposition man
! agement gives a guarantee on the propo
sition. It is part of the programme of
the Chamber of Commerce to have a na
tive quintet club accompany the commis
j sion.
It is definitely established that there
was nothing in the story about two chil
| dren having been murdered by two na
; tive women at Walnea, Hawaii. Upon
; the strength of mere -gossip the women
! were arrested, but there was not a par
; tide of evidence against them. Two chil
dren died, it is true, but from natural
causes. J. A. King, Minister of the In
terior. was out this afternoon for the
first time after many weeks of illness.
Princes David and Cupid have deliv
j ered an option to B. F. Dillingham for
I $500,000 on the Kallhi harbor proposition.
I A scheme has been mooted for a canal
: inside the reef, taking in not only Kali hi
| basin, but tapping Pearl harbor, seven
miles from Honolulu. It would avoid
costly dredging of the bar at the mouth I
of. Pearl harbor and repay cost In the land
made, from dredging.
BELGIAN MARKETS REOPENED.
State Department Secures Reciprocity
for American Cattle.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— The State De
partment is very proud of its last
achievement, namely, the reopening- of
the Belgian markets to American cattle
they having been closed since- 1804. Upon
the organization of the reciprocity office
under President McKinley's administra
tion the chief of that office took up the
Belgian question and negotiations have
been going- on for a year, which have now
come to a successful conclusion, as is
shown by the following dispatch received
by the Belgian Minister, Count Llchter
velde, to-day:
■■MrusKels-The Moniteur (official organ)
of the 2bth publishes a decree raising the
interdict on American cattle. The new
regime ordered by royal decree of the 326
or January. 1807, is applicable from and
after the Slst of May."
The decree referred to permits im
portation of bovine, ovine and porcine
species at. Antwerp, Ghent and Oatend,
provided that the animals be slaughtered
there or in the vicinity of abattoirs within
three days after debarkation.
Sixty Miles an Hour.
I A steam motor car, designed for use on the
j railroads, recently made a trial trip, going at
j the rate of sixty miles an hour. This will
! probably be as much of a record beater as has
i Hostetters Stomach Bitters, the cjuiekesl
i known road to health. There is nn quicker
way for sufferers from nil stomach ills to
i reach strength and happiness than by this great
j remedy. It cures Indigestion, constipation, ncr
: vousness, liver and kidney trouble; • and best of
all tho user stays cured.
BEEGHAM'S
PILLS make lifo
r f MaLL& worth living
Cure Billons and Nervous Disorders.
1O cent* mid 35 cents, at drug stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ■•?:. j
PAINS IN UTS
Myuseus
Destructive Changes Due to
Foreign Elements in
the Blood.
HOW TO OBTAIN POSITIVE AND
PERMANENT RELIEF.
"When the digestive and excretory organs fail
to perform their proper functions the blood he-
comes contaminated with poisonous matters
that bring on Bufferings and disease. Inactivity
of the liver, sluggishness of the bowels, indi-
gestion, and sluggishness of the kidneys all
serve to assist in the accumulation of theae
foreign elements. ,
Rheumatism is the most common of the dis-
eases that arise as a result of the above condi-
tions. The character of the life-fluid (the
blood) Is chanced, for foreign acids now go
to make up its composition. These acids give
rise to pain and suffering. Fibrinous deposits
in the joints result, causing stiffness of the
joints and consequent enlargement.
What Is necessary to correct this evil? The
question is easy to answer. A remedy is
needed that will destroy the activity of these
acid poisons, and that will eliminate them from
the blood. Hudyan performs this work admir-
ably. Hudyan cures Rheumatism, because it
neutralizes these DOiSons, it strengthens the
kidneys and stimulates them to increased
activity in order that these poisons may be
filtered from the blood and discharged from
the body.
Hudyan is a preventive as well as a cure
tor rheumatism, gout, headache, pain in back,
tain in limbs, pale and sallow complexions,
[{right's disease, etc.. for it corrects all those
ionditioris that create these poisons, as enumer-
ited above.
Hudyan cures all diseases of the Stomach-
.liver— — Kidneys— Blood. Hudyan cures
ire permanent.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— soc a paek-
uce or six packages for $2 80.
tlf your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
rect to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN
DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE. FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
, a . — — — .
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM . IS SATUR-
ated with a germicide. The patient lives la
an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment in-
variably increases weight from six to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
I I i
Im- Not Im- .
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29-5 0 34
2d Stage.. 36 12 j 22 *:'• 2 " • 38
3d Stage.. "30 3 j 12 IB 80
I I I __
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The.
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The" rooms — over 100 in
number— cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded ny twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
'ouj; methods of treatment, will be mailed fre«
an application.
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel. Cal.
IVICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
I £31 A Natural Mineral Water £
0 P*^i with medicinal qualities, O
0 Htm For Indigestion and °
° ,4f^^i Stomach Disorders, o
! |&||» So-called VICHY I
| J!™l3jS IN SIPHONS $
|^^ isnot ¥lCHY|
o M&iS&M Get the Genuine o
<$• o
° A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent <j>
♦0'»0«>0<»0*0<S>0<»0<J'0<8'OAOiO*0*0»
!GLEVELA_ND_|i Y si]
LEAVITT <* BILL,
Open Every Evening. 309 Larkin St.
URITY Use /*%
EALTH * Woodl)ur <s
BEAUTY Facial Cream
Naturally • follows the use of WOODBURT'9
Facial Soap and WOODBURYS Facial Cream.
Being strictly antieetlc. their cleansing and
purifying effect is unequalled. For sale «very-
where. . . . '
000000000000000000
§'«• PALACE *■"■!' 2
%GRAND
J: SAN FRANCISCO. J
° Connected by a covered passageway. ~*
O 1400 Room?— 900 * -i h Bath Attached "
O A.ll Under On* iiunagement. O
0 NOTE THS PRICES: . O
0 European Plan. fl.W per day and upward O
n American Pian.?«.O<) per day And upward « -
" Correspondence Solicited. ■ vf.
0 JOHN 0. KIKSPATRICK. Han&gir. O
0 Q Q Q O O QQ OOQQOOOOOO
D&MCNULTY.
n^HI.S WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Din- j
oases o. Men only. Book on Trivate Diseases »nd
Weuknesses of Men. free. Over2oy'rs' experience.
Piitt<'iitscinvlaill<)iiie. Tenjisrea.«tinablp. Houra9 '
to3datly;4JlotoB:3o ev'gs. Sumlavs, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddree*
P. KOSCOK McXUI.TY ? M.D.
'46'» I&earny St., San Francisco. CaLFINALAND TO
REJECT THE
ARMY BILL
Decides Not to Pass the Meas
ure Prepared by Russian
Government.
STAND AS A NATION
The Finns Are Loth to Bow to the
Will and Pleasure of the Great
White Czar.
s-'pfc.i! Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKHOLM, May' 29.—
According to a dispatch
-y from Helsingfors, capital
of Finland, published by the Af-
tenbladet, the Finnish Diet will
virtually reject the Government
army bill by adopting the bill
recommended by the army com- 1
mittee, raising the strength of the
army from 5000 to 13,000 men.!
and providing that as a condition,
of the service performed the I
Finnish army is to retain its na
tional character and is only to be ■
employed outside of Finland
when the defense of Finland does
not require it, and the Landwehr
is only to be employed in Finland
except in a case of emergency,
when it may be used in defense of \
St. Petersburg.
The Diet also asks the Czar, if
he cannot sanction the bill, to
submit a new bill, to be dealt with
in a constitutional manner.
GRAND DUKE VLADIMIR
WILL GET COLD FROST
NEW YORK. May 29.— A <ahle to the
Journal from St. Petersburg says:
<;rand Duke Vladimir has been ordered
by the Cear to proceed to Finland on
;i to report as to how the Finns
receive the alterations in the constitu
tion, and also t'< Inspect the garrisons.
The trip, it is expected, will take about
a month, stattinc: at Vlborg and finish
ing ht Cieaberg.
K"P'-rts bave been received her** that
: movement has been made by
all the towns along the route to make j
trand Duke's trip as unpleasant as
ile. There will be no banquets or
■ Btrationa of loyalty, and the rep
tative "f th»- i'zar will find tlv
pty and the blinds of houses
drawn.
WILL RIVAL THE
EXPRESS COMPANIES
Wide Scope of a Trust Formed by the
General Carriage
Company.
NEW YORK. May 29.— When the Gen
eral Carriage Company whs formed with
i modest capital under the laws of the
State of New York It was supposed that
it Intended to operate simply In this and
other cities >>f this State. Now. It ap
that this wld.--reaching franchise,
which was piar.ted In the last days of
tli" repubir session of the Legislature,
is to ;■ : the basis for a Mk trust,
with h capital of J200.000.000, which is to
extend Its operations from one end of the
country to the other, taking in all of the
larpe cities, such as New York, Uoston,
Philadelphia. Chicago, St. Louis and Ban
Francisco. At the start It will be turned
. terminal transfer company for the
purpose of collecting and delivering:
freight and other merchandise In various
parts of the country In much the sum"
way as that in which existing express
companioß operate. In fact it is the in
t.-ntion to cut into the liusiness of ex
- companies, and to deliver goods a.s
expeditiously as express companies do,
but charging only public freipht rat>-s
for the service. The now trust will go
;. step further and undertake to relieve
merchants and other shippers from the
trouble of applying; to railroads at all.
It will collect freight, see to the billing
of it to its destination and finally deliver
It, so that the shippers do no need to
• with It from the moment it leaves
tlicir doors.
WALKS AFTER LOSING
PART OF HIS BRAIN
Remarkable Vitality of an Aged Res
ident of Santa Bar- j
bara.
SANTA BARBARA. May 29.— William
' 80 yean of age, shot off the top
of his head with a .shotg-un while seated
on a bendb on Ocean Drive. Wood
t bowed wonderful nerve. With his skull
LCtured ami ilv brain oozing out, he
i "t Into i carriage ;md was driven up
town, where he walked two blocks to find
a doctor !!•■ wai then taken to the hos
jiital before losing consciousness. It in
not thought ho can live. Wood said the
shooting was accidental.
'DO YOU WANT DUNHAMP"
SAN JUhh, .May 29.— The Sheriff is be
ing deluged with letters and telegrams
making inquiries about .1. C. Dunham,
murderer of the McGHncy family at
Campbell, and the chance for getting the
110.000 reward offered for the man's cap
iine. If persistency counts for anything
the murderer should be apprehended in
lime. The general belief u ere is that Dun
ham's bones are bleaching in the brush
back of Mount Hamilton, where he was
last seen. To-day Sheriff Langford re
ceived the following telegram from Lam
pa sas, Texas:
Do you want J. C. Dunham? I^t me know.
RICE KING.
King was informed Immediately by wire
that Mr. Dunham was wanted, but no
further news has been received. This la
but a sample of the telegrams and letters
received.
ERASER RIVER RISING
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 29.— Fraser
River la rising rapidly. Since Sunday
7>ight the rise at Mission City has • been
fourteen feet. Prom that point as far as
Quc-snelle a similar rise is recorded. Set
tlers are becoming alarmed. Should warm
weather Bet in within the next two weeks
great damage will be done. Between Van
couver and Agassiz several meadows arc
inundated. The dikes at Coquitlan and
Vtt meadows an; preventing an overflow
;u those points. Nothing has yet been
heard from the delta, but it is believed
the diking works theTO will be effectual
as well as those on Lulu Island. One of
the [atftqul dike gates wa a left open and
•rates 1b running through in a torrent.
OTIS HAS
CALLED FOR
MORE MEN
Additional Troops Needed to
Pacify the Philippine
Insurgents.
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED
Peace Commissioners and Diplomaoy
Must Take a Back Seat Until
Tagals Are Whipped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 29.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: The question of calling for
volunteers for continuing the war in
the Philippines will probably come up
asain at to-morrow's session of the
Cabinet. The situation in the islands,
as described in recent dispatches, is
such as to make it almost necessary
t.i raise at least a part of th<> provi
sional army authorized by the last
Congress, if the United States expects
t>< s -rure complete control of the archi
polngo.
The administration has been brought
to realize that It is no longer war and
diplomacy in dealing with the insur
gents, but plain war. Diplomacy and
the Peace Commission must take back
seats until the enemy has been com
pletely whipped and forced to surren
der.
General Otis has not a sufficient num
ber of men to accomplish this end. It
is believed that he has so informed the
War Department, but the officials will
not admit it. They do admit; how
ever, that the outlook for an early
peace is very gloomy, and that more
troops are badly needed in the Philip
pines,
Just how to meet this situation is the
question which confronts them and re
quires prompt decision. Although Gen
eral Otis states that he will continue an
aggressive campaign during the rainy
Beason, it is appreciated that he will
be able to do little more than garrison
some of the points which the forces un
der Generals Mac Arthur and Lawton
have taken, and hold them until the
rainy season is over. It is also plain
that there will be more or less illness
during this period Of bad weather, and
that when the campaign is resumed
the force capable of active warfare will
be materially reduced. It is expect,,]
that the President will discuss all
phases of the situation with the Cab
inet to-morrow and reach an early de
cision.
YELLOW CORRESPONDENTS
CAN'T USE THE CABLE
MANILA, May 20.— An alleped author
ised Interview with Major General Law
ten, which was sent from her*' on May
23 by the New York Journal correspond
ent, William "tt'ildman. brother of the
Consul General at Hongkong, and which
passed the censor over the certificate of
his associate correspondent, Fagan, as to
it:- authenticity, ha? been officially de
clared false by the censor before the as
sembled representatives of all the papers.
Cable privileges will hereafter be denied
I' the correspondents concrned.
An order has been issued re-establishing
the Philippine courts, which have been
closed since the American occupation. It
revives all the Spanish system not con
liirtinfj with the sovereignty of the
United States. The Chief Justice is Cay
tuma Arrelano. The associates of the
Civil branch are Manuel Arnulla, Colonel
Crowder and Gregorlo Arllita. The Jus
tices of the criminal branch are Raymun
do Mellisa. Ambroslo Rianarea, Julio Lo
rerito, Major Young and Captain Blrkhi
nu-r. The Attorney General is Florento
Torres. This corresponds with ihe Ameri
can Supreme Court.
The oath prescribed he^ins. "I recognize
anil accept the supreme authority of the
I'nitec] States of America," etc. The Fili
pino members are all prominent lawyers.
Arrelano Is the leader of his profession
in the Islands. In the early stages of
the Filipino movement he was Apui
naldo's principal adviser. Arillta was a
member of Aguinaldo's first <'abinet.
Mellisa was president of the insurgent
government at Iloilo; Torres was the
leader of the local committee working
with the commission to conciliate the in-
Burrectos. Spanish will be the official
language of trie courts.
There has been agitation among the
local British and American business men
and American lawyers who came to the
lslunds to make fortunes to have the Eng
lish language and code adopted, but Gen
eral Otis concluded that, it would be un
wise, even if it were practicable, to upset
long usage. He thought It best to gl\e
the native courts the language to
which they have been accustomed. Tho
Spanish salaries proved a stumbling block
to obtaining jrood men. the highest being
only JJ.Vjo. the Spanish Judges receiving
fees, which are abolished. All the Judges
are representative men.
The steamer El Cano has arrived here
from the Island of Guam, bringing the
Filipinos who were exiled there by the
Spaniards for participating in the old re
bellion.
FOUR DROWNED IN
THE PASIG RIVER
WASHINGTON. May 2ft.— General Otis!
reports the following deaths since his last j
weekly report:
Typhoid malaria— May 10. Claude R. !
White, private. A, Twenty-third Infantry, j
Malaria— May 21. Dannie Hayes, private, j
E, Twenty-second Infantry; 26, Kdward
Hymiin, corporal, D. Sixth Artillery.
Typhoid— May 22. John Salwhitk.i. pri
vate, E, Twenty-third Infantry; Z\, V. r
non E. Taggart, private. K. Thirteenth
Minnesota' 25, Charles Mikewlckle, cor
poral, F, Twenty-second Infantry.
From wounds in action-May 24. John
(\ Baron, corporal. First North Dakota;
2f., Ernest Ryan, prvate, L. Twentieth
Kansas; 26. Ar'thuy M. biggies, major,
Thirteenth Minnesota.
Drowned in Pasts River on duty— May
23. privates, G, Twelfth Infantry. Ned An
derson, Jasper R. Whims. Jose Nuniville,
Ernest Harrison.
DEWEY'S FLAGSHIP
READY FOR THE SEA
NEW YORK, May 29.-A cable to the
World from Hongkong says: Admiral
Dewey's flagship, the cruiser Olympta,
came out of the drydock to-day, the
needed repairs being finished ami her war
paint removed. She is now ready for her
leisurely voyage to New fork.
The admiral Is regaining his health
rapidly, but he/is kept in doors at his
hotel in the Peak district by the heavy
rains. He has frequent talks with Lieu
tenant Hobson of Merrimac fame.
The Elections in Peru.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted,' 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. - . .
LIMA, Peru, May 29.— elections, ;
which continue'.tranquil,' will • finish to- j
morrow. The majority - continues to
favor Senators Romana, Alzamora and
Bresini. the only doubt, in = view of the I
general abstention, being whether the j
candidates will -obtain the 88,838 votes
which comprise the legal one-third of the j
votes necessary for election. J
THE SAN TEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 30, 1899.
DREYFUS TO GET A REHEARING
REPORT OF
COURT OF
CASSATION
Everything Points to the In
nocence of the Devils
Island Prisoner.
ESTERIIAZY IS GUILTY
The People of Paris Listen to the
Evidence Without Showing
Excitement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. May 29.— The Court of Cassa
tion met to-day to hear the debate on
the application for a revision of the
! Dreyfus case. The doors of the Palace
of Justice were opened at 11 o'clock.
Persons connected with the case, news
paper men and others, began to arrive
I half an hour previously. There was
much animation in the lobbies of the
1 palace, but the crowds in the vicinity
' were not larg^e. Extensive precautions
i.were taken to preserve order inside and
outside the building. The colonel
commanding the guard at the Palace
\ had been given special reinforcements
by the Military Governor of Paris, Gen
eral Zurlinden, and considerable forces
of military and mounted police had
been assembled at the barracks in the
i vicinity of the court. Speculators
about the palace were selling seats' at
points of vantage for ten to twenty
francs each, but the business done was
not as good as during the Zola trial,
when they easily obtained forty francs
Cor seats.
The courtroom was filled with Par
i isian celebrities, the greater part of the
j hall having been reserved for ticket
i holders. Many Judges belonging to
! other courts were among those present,
and absolute tranquillity prevailed.
There were about twenty ladies among
: the audience filling the galleries.
The proceedings commenced at noon.
Amid profound silence the President of
| the civil section of the court read his
I report on the case. After recalling the
\ contentions under which the prosecu
tion of Dreyfus was Instituted in 1894
he dealt with the contradictory evi
dence of the experts In handwriting and
mentioned the protest of innocence by
; Dreyfus, who said to Lieutenant Col
onel Henry : "This odious accusation
is the death of my lit'--. I must have
justice dealt me." Henry replied that
the matter did not come within his
I competence.
! M. Ballot de Bfaupre then read a
| number of eulogistic reports on Drey
| fus, when the latter was a military
; school probationer on the general staff,
; his interrogatory by Lieutenant Colonel
I dv Paty de Clam, In which Dreyfus
j persisted in denying having had re
i lations with any foreign embassy, and
j his statement that he had not eiven
any documents to any agent relating
to the defenses of the country. The
reporter afterward describes the scene
in Dv Paty de Clam's office in the pres
'• ence of Chief of Detectives M. Roche
! fort, and sketched the history of the
I Dreyfus family.
According to Dv Paty de Clam. Drey
i fus, when he saw the resemblance to
i his handwriting, exclaimed: "They
i have stolen my handwriting." It was
also pointed out that Dreyfus, when the
report of Ormes-Chevilles was printed
i at the court martial, protested he had
. never seen the new gun used, and that
: he did not know before July of the
disposition of the frontier forces. The
prisoner also said he had not had a
capy.of the firing manual, knew noth
: ing of the documents respecting Mada
'■. gascar and said to the reporter of the
: court martial: "I have now been more
than six weeks In confinement. I swear
I am innocent. The son of an Alsatian
! Protestant, I abandoned everything: to
; serve France, and I am to-day worthy
• of leading her soldiers on the battle
| field. The martyrdom I suffer is atro
cious."
M. Ballot de Beaupre then dealt with
j the Ormes-Chevilles report of Dreyfus'
■ relations with married women.
The report said the first suspicion
of Dreyfus emanated from Colonel
Fabre, who was struck with the sim
' ilarity of the word "artillery" In the
| bordereau and in a document written
Iby Dreyfus. Continuing, the report
dealt with Lieutenant Colonel Henry's
■ account of his conversation with Drev
-1 fus when the latter was transferred to
I the Cherche Midi prison. Dreyfus said:
I "It is terrible. I am accused of a
! frightful thing."
Henry asked of what he was accused
and Dreyfus replied: "I am accused
of the crime of high treason."
"The devil!" answered Henry, "but
! on what grounds?"
CORRUPT
SUPERVISORS
FAIL
Continued From Page One.
lost by the usual vote, and again the
solid seven found themselves in the air
• by another notice of reconsideration at
th*> next regular meeting. The danger
point for the defenders of the city had
been passed. The remainder of the
; session was given to motions, amend
i ments and amendments again on ad
| journment. This day and that hour
| were suggested by the majority, but to
i np purpose, as they invariably lost on
! notices of reconsideration.
The railroad loafers in the gallery be
i gan to hiss when they saw that their
i fellows on the floor were losing or had
| lost the battle. But as the hiss sound
ed there also came the ominous re-'
i sponse from the visiting citizens :
"Where 1m the ropef"
That silenced the hissing and the par
liamentary battle continued to the end.
j when the board adjourned without fix
j ing a day.
] "I believe," said Mayor Phelan after
I t
I M. BfJLLOT DE BEAUPRE, President of the t
Civil Section of tr;e Court of Cassation.
PARISIANS WEARY
OF BOTH THE CASES
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, May 29.— There will be no lack of interest in the week that
opens to-day. Both the Dreyfus and Deroulede affairs come before the
courts, while all sorts of preparations are being made to give Major
Marchand a worthy welcome when he returns on Thursday. This same
welcome promises to be very funny, for the historical enthusiasm of the
self-styled nationalists has naturally called forth a retort from the oppo
site party that soldiers who do their duty are so. rare that one who does
is immediately hailed as a self-sacrificing hero.
As far as the public is concerned there is absolutely not an atom of
excitement. It almost seems as if everybody were sick and tired of the
whole business. There is no likelihood of any disturbance.
M. Comely in to-day's Figaro gives the best reason, namely, that
there are 8000 policemen in Paris, while it is not likely that that number
of Parisians are willing to risk a black eye over either Dreyfus or De
roulede.
"I don't know," said Dreyfus. "I
am nearly mad. I would prefer to re
ceive a bullet in the head. I am n<rt
guilty. This accusation is the death uf
my life."
To this Henry said: "If you are not
guilty you must not lose your head.
An innocent man is always strong.
Have you a family?"
"Yes." replied the prisoner, "a wife
and children. I am •well off and I must
have Justice done me."
"That does not come within my com
petence," was Henry's next remark,
"but justice will certainly be done. Do
you know what you are accused of?"
"Yes, I am accused of giving docu
ments to a foreign power."
"What documents?"
"I don't know. Dv Paty de Clam
spoke only <,-f secret and confidential
documents without further explanation.
I replied that during my probation at
the general staff office many documents
passed through my hands, but that I
communicated them to nobody."
The Ormrs-i 'hcvillr-s report concluded
with saying that Dreyfus, having a
supple and very obsequious character,
was adapted for espionage.
M. Ballot de Beaupre than reviewed
th<^ judicial history of the case and
said it now rested with the court to
pronounce judgment. He upheld the
statement that there was sufficient
presumption, that doubts and errors ex
isted and that they justified a revision
of the case. He had examined the dif
ferent cases in which the court could
annul a sentence without retrial, and
said that in his opinion the court ought
not to consider the idea of annulling
the sentence, but should only consider
a revision of it.
The revision, he contended, was im
perative, and in support of his state
ment he rehearsed the facts on which
the application for a revision was based,
among which he included the culpable
machinations of Henry and Dv Paty
de Olam- against Dreyfus, their out
rageous schemes to force the hand of
the Minister of War and oblige him to
prosecute Dreyfus and the convincing
effects of their depositions on the court
martial.
After reading M. Mornard's defense,
■which concluded by maintaining that
the material evidence of the bordereau
and the moral evidence cropping out
during the inquiry pointed not to Drey
fus but to Esterhazy as the culprit, M.
Ballot de Beaupre dealt with the ques
tion of motive. He read the police re
the. meeting had adjourned, "that my
rulings were invariably fair and I in
sist that they were all dictated by my
sense of what is honest public policy."
A great fight had been won, and it
now remains with Mayor Phelan to
make permanent the victory, as he
needs not unless he wishes call another
meeting of the board before the first
Monday in July. The law upon that
point is explicit and clear. It Is at the
discretion of Ma y or Phelan to save or
lose the city millions of dollars and to
free or burden the community with a
gigantic monopoly.
RUSSELL ON THE ACT.
Thinks the Board Cannot Meet
Until July.
Supervisor Lackmann claims the dis
tinction of having forced the discovery
of the fortunate blunder which the
virtuous board made when it adjourn
ed without fixing a certain time for the
next meeting. "It seemed to me soon
after the adjournment was taken," he
said last night, "that the board could
not convene until next Monday unless
by special call from the Mayor. I went
to John Russell and he looked over the
consolidation act. After a reading Qf
it he expressed an opinion that trie
board could not come together for offi
cial business until July, pro
vided the Mayor did not call
a special meeting. He thought
the action which appointed spe
cial meeting days was mandatory
ports furnished by M. Guene, the de
tective, all unfavorable to Dreyfus, and
reports of the Prefecture of Police,
pointing out that there had been a con
fusion of Dreyfus with others of the
same name who had been mixed up
with gambling and disreputable fe
male associates. The .latter reports
were not produced at the trial in 1894.
M. Ballot de Beaupre then pointed
out that Dreyfus could not ha.ye acted
as a traitor from anger or disappoint
ment, as he had the finest prospects of
an excellent military career. On the
other hand Esterhazy. the" reporter al
leged, was a soldier of fortune, always
begging from the money lenders.
Continuing, the reporter refers to let
ters written by Esterhazy abusing
France and the French, this producing
a deep impression upon the audience.
He referred to the letter written by
Esterhazy to Baron Rothschild, dated
June 21, 1894, to the effect that if his ap
plication for money was refused he
would have no resource but to kill his
family and then to commit suicide.
Such, said the reporter, was Ester
hazys language on the eve of the date
when the bordereau was "placed." The
inference to be drawn was that Ester
hazy pought in treason resources neces
sary to carry on a life of dissipation.
At this point, with the evident ap
proval of all who listened, M. Ballot
de Beaupre quoted from M. Mornard's
statement as follows: "Although
justice has been rendered more or less
Impotent with regard to Esterhazy by
the latter's acquittal of being the au
thor of the bordereau, it is none the
less the duty of the Supreme Court to
restore liberty to an innocent man un
justly condemned."
Prior to the adjournment M. Ballot de
Beaupre read a letter from the British
general, Talbot, who. in 1894, was at
tached to the British Embassy in Paris
rectifying the deposition of General
Marquis de Gallifet. This letter reach
ed M. Mazeau through diplomatic chan
nels. In it General Talbot said that
Marquis de Gallifet had misinterpreted
his (Talbot's) words, as he had never
had personal relations with Esterhazy
In the way of espionage, but had simply
heard that Esterhazy's charcter was
well known to the foreign military at
taches.
The court adjourned at 6:30, when
very few of the public yet remained in
the vicinity. The Republican Guards
immediately returned to barracks and
the cordon of police was dispersed.
and that there were no other regular
times for convocation. When the
board adjourned without setting a defi
nite date for reconvocation they cut a
month out of their Supervisorial life.
Russell was of the opinion that the en
tire matter was now in the hands of
the Mayor and that the board could
not go outside of the statute in order
to meet before July."
MEMORIAL SERVICES.
Patriotic Exercises in the Normal
School at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, May 29.— Special memorial
services were held at the Normal School
this morning. The place was prettily
decorated and an interesting programme
was rendered.
The exercises opened with scripture
reading and the chanting of the Lord's
Prayer, followed by the song "Keller's
American Hymn," by the entire school.
As a recitation Miss Maude Hue gave
"Memorial Day." The address of the day
was by Rev. Dr. Kummer, and he took
for his subject, "Grant, the True Ameri
can Soldier." He reviewed General
Grant's life and eloquently pointed out
his great work and faith in the trouble
some days of the rebellion. The man was
one of the great mass of people, but so
big and great, with so large a heart, that
when at last the summons came which
took him to eternity, the whole country,
even those who had been in arms against
him, mourned for his loss. Dr. Kummer
was frequently applauded.
Miss Ara Gass and Miss Northrup
gave a vocal duet and Mrs. Esther Mal
com Johnson gavo a select reading. The
"Recessional Song" by the £ecilia Club
closed the exercises.
■ m ■
The newspaper of the future will be
Issued to-morrow
DEROULEDE
AND HABERT
ARRAIGNED
Agitators Make Most Defiant
Harangues at the Open
ing of Their Trial.
THEY DISLIKE LOUBET!
Men Wqo Tried to Incite Soldiers
to Insubordination Applauded
by the People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 29.— While the Dreyfus
case was proceeding to-day in one part
of the Palace of Justice, the Assize
Court, on the other side of the build
ing, was occupied with the trial of MM.
Deroulede and Marcel-Habert, who are j
charged with inciting soldiers to in
subordination on the day of the elec
tion of President Loubet. Conspicuous,
among the audience were MM. Roche
fort, Colonel Monteil, Francoise Copf>e
and Quesnay de Beaurepaire, former
president of the civil section of the
Court of Cassation.
As the defendants entered some of the
spectators cheered. The reading of the
indictment caused some murmurs.
Mhen M. Deroulede, who is a mem
ber of the Chamber of Deputies and
creator, in 1882, of the League of Pa
triots, was called upon to plead he be
gan a diatribe against parliamentar
ians and the Jews. During the course
of his remarks he declared his action
was maturely weighed and reminded
the court that he created Boulangism
in order to save France.
The audience in court cheered MM.
Deroulede and Habert and cried "Here
is a jury of acquittal" when the jury
men entered.
Murmurs were heard when the
charges against the prisoners were
read. The presiding Judge then asked
M. Deroulede how he, a former officer
Of the army and the soldiers' lyrist (M.
Deroulede is the author of "Chants dv
Soldat" and "Nouveaux Chants dv Sol
dat"). could wish to turn the army
away from its duty. To this M. De
roulede replied, amid laughter,, with
comparing Premier Dupuy to- the frog
in the fable, and said he (defendant)
wished to lead a brigade to overthrow
the Parliament republic, adding that
his action was fully premeditated.
M. Deroulede, who spoke in a loud
voice, then gave an account of his life
and relations with Gambetta, with
whom, he said, he had a "communion of
ideas." Continuing, M. Deroulede said
that when M. Gambett« disappeared he
(the defendant) was disgusted to see
extortion and bribery reign at the Pa
lais Bourbon, saying: "We then cre
ated Boulangism. When that ended
two plagues descended upon France —
Panama, a sign of parliamentary de
composition, and Dreyfus, a sign of na
tional decomposition, for which par
liament is responsible. I am not sur
prised there was a reaction which was
neither royalist nor imperialist, but
popular reaction, which was inevitable.
The false constitution of 1875, the draft
ers of which wished to place the people
in the King's bed, which explains why
the people sleep so soundly."
M. Deroulede then arraigned the
constitution and the budget of defense,
saying it was increasing daily and that
France was approaching a deficit. He
also attacked the budget of public
works, saying the number of civil ser
vants was increasing incessantly.
Deroulede then eulogized the work
of the French explorers Marchand.
Monteil and Binger and attacked Lou
bet. He finished his harangue by de
manding a pleblscltary republic, assert
ing at the same time th%t he never in
tended to turn the soldiers from their
duty, but only wished to carry Gen
eral Roget with him.
M. Marcel-Habert followed. He ad
mitted that he wished to cause a revo
lution, but denied having incited sol
diers to disobedience. He said he only
thought to lead General Roget to the
Elysee Palace and that the men with
him (Habert) had been merely follow-
ing officers.
Habert also harangued against par
liamentarism, saying the Chamber of
Deputies was empty when useful ques
tions were discussed and that the Sen
ate was dilatory.
The presiding Judge stopped M. De
roulede when the latter referred to
President Loubet, declaring he must
not bring the name of the President of
the republic into the case.
To this M. Deroulede replied that ho
was obliged to mention the President
because his election determined him to
take action. He proceeded to make an
other attack upon M. Loubet, but was
again called to order, and M. Derou
lede retorted hotly that he wanted to
drive M. Loubet out of the Elysee Pal
ace, which, he said, he had only
reached, "thanks to his mediocrity."
When Deroulede concluded he was
loudly acclaimed by the 1 audience.
A violent altercation ensued later be
tween the Judge and counsel for the
defense on a question of order. It was
settled by counsel apologizing.
Subsequently M. Delourede acknowl
edged he was guilty of all the charges
except the allegation that he wanted to
lead the soldiers astray witnout a lead
er. He shouted:
"I wanted a general at their head. I
found only a brigadier general. I
would have preferred the commander
in chief. Unhappily I had no choice."
Evidence already known was then
presented and the court adjourned
amid the cries of "Vive Deroulede"
within and without the hall.
As the court emptied the crowd made
a demonstration. Cries of "Vive l'Ar
mee," "Abas le Juifs" and "A Mort les
Traitres" resounded. The police routed
the demonstrators and then dispersed a
band of members of the League of Pa
triots.
A crowd of anti-Semites attempted to
hold a noisy meeting in the Place dv
Chatelet and a slight collision with the
police resulted. There was another
demonstration in the Place Dauphine,
where opposing bands, shouting "Vive
l'Armee and "A bas l'Armee" came
into collision, a few persons being in
jured. ___^^_________
District Court Adjourned.
The United States District Court has
adjourned until Tuesday of next week
and the court calendar will not be called
until that time.
Wise is the fool who knows enough to
keep his mouth closed (
CUBANS NOW
APPLY FOR
THE MONEY
Many Are Coming Forward
to Surrender Arms and
Get Their Pay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 29.— T0-day's events
in connection with the payment of the
Cuban troops entitled to apply here for
a share in the American gratuity have
effectually killed off the opposition to
the receipt of the bounty by privates.
Three hundred privates arrived during
the day to apply for payment, but
though the commissioner superintend
ing the distribution here kept his office
open from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., only 112
co\ild be paid during that interval, as
each man took up several minutes.
Many who brought arms were not on
the rolls at all. Ninety-nine rifles were
surrendered, most of the applicants de
clining to take any chances in turning
the weapons over to the Mayor of Ha
vana, evidently believing it would be
better to give them direct to the Amer
icans.
All day it was virtually impossible to
get through the front door of the office
unless the sentry cleared the way. The
Cuban officers who on the first day
tried to discourage those who were in
clined to apply, finding now that the
tide of feeling has turned, are offering
all the assistance possible to Colonel
Randall.
At the conclusion of the day's work
there were more than 200 who had not
been heard. These will have to wait
until after the return of the pay car on
June 16, when there will probably be
extra days assigned to Havana.
To-morrow the pay car will leave,
carrying money. Colonel Randall, his
escort, a physician and the paymasters.
One thousand posters were sent this
afternoon into the province of Pinar
del Rio to announce the places and
dates of payment.
Epidemic of Yellow Fever.
AUSTIN, Tex.. May 29.— Governor
Sayers issued a proclamation declaring
a rigid quarantine at all gulf points and
points on the Rio Grande border of the
Stat». against Yera Cruz and other places
In Mexico where the yellow fever epi
demic has made its appearance. He has
received advices from the State quaran
tine Inspector at Laredo to-day that yel
low fever cases txisi at a number of
places between Vera < 'ruz and the City
of Mexico. Suspicious cases are also re
ported at Tamplcp.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■{iJZi Tvi It * s the primary duty
j^^SWSffyL^ of every woman to wear
*fMlf:> in her face the lilies
and roses of health. It
yJ^^j'WJßs * s one ?^ woman's nat-
k, C OV>rdtc-] ura ' missions to please,
•^wft^S&y aud one of the " rst at '
l*E**=JV tributes of a pleasing
N XjailvW woman is a complexion
■A^JnfcjwM, that shows the bloom
tW^'Jfljil;jf\ v 1 - S "° matter how beau-
XxJwHIfJVnL tiful a woman may he
vioffffl Kfi \Jc at the outset if she
1 BMif ■lYlii. suffers from weakness
Mil 1 . m A and disease of that
Wit ■B/ ( delicate and important
m MrW*"tj. J^jK.*organism that is the
*-^ I jf*»F^ threshold of human
™- " life, she will soon show
traces of suffering in
her face, and very shortly become haggard
and homely. She will lose her animation
of manner, the sparkle will fade from her
eyes and the roses from her cheeks, her
form will lose its roundness and her step its
sprightliness. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription imparts strength, health, vigor
and virility to the feminine organism. It
allays inflammation, heals ulceration and
tones the nerves. It makes weak women
strong in a womanly way and able to bear
the burdens of maternity. It banishes the "
suffering of the period of gestation, and
makes baby's advent easy and almost pain-
less. It restores the lost complexion and
imparts strength, vitality and health to
the entire system.
" I am very thankful for what Dr. Pierce" 3
Favorite Prescription has done for me," writes
Mrs. Etta K. Smith, of Gfenola, Elk Co., Kans.
" About a month before I was confined I had
such pains that I could stand up only a little
while at a time. I could not rest at night orat
any other time. I could scarcely eat anything.
I began taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion and after the second dose I felt better.
From then until I was confined I carried all the
water that was used up a long hill and worked
in the garden every day, besides my other wort
and did not feel at all bad. When the baby was
born I had a very easy time. The women said I
had an easier time than any one they ever saw
for the first time. The baby is very healthy. I
got up when she was five days old. After two
days I began my own work and felt stout and
healthy."
' 'I- 1 -;** *-^ , -
For a free, paper-covered copy of Doctor
Pierces Common Sense Medical ' Adviser
send 31 one-cent stamps, to cover mailing
only. • Cloth - bound 31 stamps: Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. A medical
library in one 1008-page volume.
i ' At Auction!
AlilUCllOlli
Tuesday!
TUESDAY JUNE 6, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West line (1750-56) Folsom St., 188 ft. north
of Fourteenth, 44x127 ft.; four elegant flats of
5, 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath, all modern im-
provements: new plumbing; rents $65.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
North side McAllister St., 137:6 ft. west of
Fillmore St., 40x137:6 ft.: a fine site for sunny
flats or house with garden; desirable location;
surroundings good; cars convenient.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
West side (15) Salmon St., and east side (8)
Himmelman St., 57:6 ft. south of Broadway
St., 20x60; two nice cottages of four rooms
each, fronting on different streets; rents $10 50
per month.
MODERN FLATS.
East side (13^-141-141^) Chattanooga St.. SO
ft. north of Twenty-third st., 40x117:6 ft. to I
rear street; four new modern flats of 7 and 5
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, etc.; large
two-story stable on rear street.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. :. J .
■ North side - Seventeenth St., 155 ft. east, of
Market. 25x80; a fine building site, half block
from Junction of Market and Castro sts.
* GUERRERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
West side Guerrero st., 45 ft. north of Four-
teenth, 45x76:4; fine building lot In good rent-
ing locality, one block from transfer point. .
MISSION-ST. RESIDENCE.
West side (2114) Mission St., 23:4 ft. south of
Clarion St.. 23:4x80: two-story bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath;- in business neigh-
borhood.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR.
South side Duncan st. 240 ft. east of Not
St., 25x114; cheapest lot in this neighborhood]
all ready for building; subject to conflrmati««
of court. ■■■■■■ ...
- PRECITA-AVE. LOTS. .
South side Preclta aye., 600 ft. west of Fol-
som st., 80x123, or three good lots all ready
for building; street work done.
• ' - CUMBERLAND-ST. LOTS.
North side Cumberland st., 105 ft. west of
Sanchez st., 75x114; three lots well' situated;
fine view", good investment. : . -.-
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers. 638 Market; aC /; . V
34
TRAIN CRASHES
INTO STREET CAR
Disaster at a Seattle
Crossing.
ONE KILLED, MANY INJURED
PASSENGERS HURLED INTO THE
WATERS OF THE BAY.
But a Single Life Is Lost in the
Scramble of the Excited Men
and Wrmen to Gain the
I and.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
ITTLE, -May 29. —A collision occurred
morning near the Washington Iron
Works between a Grant street car con
;; twenty-five persons and the
local Olympia Northern Pacific passenger
\\.l-: killed iL'.d eight in
jured, two quite severely. The dead:
EMANUEL BRPAD, aged years; la
■ 5 uth Seattle,
be Injured:
E. K. Hope of Qeorsri ; >.■;:. li ft axm
bed.
Frank Hoffldits of South Seattle, leg
a;i Brown of Georgetown, badly
bruised about the back and arms, and
rge Brown of South i'ark, slightly
!1. K. Bull of Georgetown, nose broken
cut.
South Seattle, wrist
• i and head and face
cut.
Braenier of Georgetown, bruised
about body.
K. F. Henry of South Seattle, bruised
about body.
Mrs. J. Peters of South Seattle, bruised
about body. >K^P
George Lindoff ■■: South Seattle, head
cut. -'-' &«*•'&&•:
w. Bumner oi South Seattle, slightly
Carl Frickesen of Georgetown, cut and
"bruised.
Dan Vandewater of South Seattle, la- ;
borer, cut on ■ ad.
E. W. Prouty, slightly bruised.
.Frank Sharpe. two ribs broken.
Martin Middlestead of Georgetown, j
body bruised. .
Mrs. Ella E. Morgan of South Seattle,
badly bruised on body.
The electric car was coming into the
city and the train was just starting out j
for Olympia. They met nearly head on j
at the intersection of the two tracks. The
passengers of the electric car were all
thrown Into the bay, where the water was
nearly fifteen feet* deep. It is a wonder i
that no one was drowned during the panic
that followed the collision. So far as is
known every one is accounted for.
, When Motorman Sharpe of the electric
car sa\y the train approaching he applied
the brakes with all his power, but the j
track was slippery and his car crashed
into the locomotive. The passengers made
frantic efforts to get out of the car. The
motorman and conductor succeeded in
jumping off the platform, but an instant
later the engine of the train crashed into ■
the street car and nearly all the passen
gers were thrown into the water below.
Manuel Broad succeeded in getting off
the car but could not get out of its way, ;
and when the engine hit the car he was
struck by it and knocked into the water.
Without a moment's hesitation, although
terribly injured internally, he grabbed a
pile and held on. When another passen
ger on the car was about to sink the in- j
jured man grabbed him with hi* free arm
and held him up until a rope could be let
down and both of them hauled up. Broad
died on the way to the hospital. .
As quickly as possible the train was
stopped and the train crew, assisted by
employe;* of the Washington Iron Works,
made heroic efforts to get the frightened |
passengers out of. th water. with ropes
and boards every one was quickly taken
out. Some were clinging to piles, some
were struggling and swimming about and j
others were crawling up the piles and
timbers. Everything was in the greatest
confusion. The wrecked electric car lay j
on Its Bide almost at right angles with j
the rails, while the passenger train was
some fifty feet distant from where the
electric car lay. The locomotive headlight ;
was broken and the cowcatcher was
badly deranged, while the whole front
end was covered with broken glass and
debris from the electric car.
Harry E. Bull says he was sitting in the
front end of the car on the right hand I
aide. All he remembers was a crash and j
then he fell himself going through the
window of the car into the bay. lie was
able to swim and after coming to the
surface reached a pile and crawled upon <
the trestle.
George Lindoff was not so fortunate.
He became inextricably mixed up in the
confused mass of humanity trying to get
out of the rear door. if" was seated in the
middle of the car.
'•It seemed to me," said he, "that the
car simply opened up and let me down."
Lindoff says he caught tho trestle as he
went down and held on. His next recol
lection is that the wheels of the locomo
tive were coming toward him and almost
on top of him. For fear of being cut in
two he loosened his grasp and dropped
into the bay. He reached- a trestle and
thence climbed upon a cross plate and
hung on. Presently- a. boy came along In
a boat and he climbed in and was rowed 1
to where he could get on terra lirma.
Both Lindoff find Bull remember noth
ing that occurred '-after tHey got out of
the water, until .they came. to themselves
in the residence of Mrs. . Hunter, who
lives about a hundred yards from the
track n^ar -the scene -- of the accident.
They were .-wandering aimlessly about 1
the trestle when Mrs. Hunter found them
and took them to her home and dressed
their wounds. ■■'...-■
Gus Brown was standing on the rear
platform. After the crash he found him
self standing on his head inside the car.
He next fount* himself struggling in the
water.
w n.-n Motorman snarpe mmped from
the car he landed against a fence, and is
reported to have broken two ribs.
No official statement of the collision has
The railroad had the right
of wny. The motorman claims he en
d to make the customary stop,
but OWll - ■ < ■ wret rails and the fail
ure of the sand apparatus to w<>rk he
was unable to stop before reaching the
crossing. He did not hear the railroad
men sound any alarm, ring the btll nor
bIOW the whistle.
Tho railroad people Insist that they arc
not in any way to blame. The engineer
claimed he had every reason to .-xpi-ri
the elettri ■ car to stop at a safe distance.
Tlk- railroad men claim the fact thut the
locomotive was brought to a stop within
less than a hundred feet of the crossing
Is evidence thai the train could not have
moving at great Bpeed.
The ii'-(tri< car was behind time and
ing at a pretty lively rate.
Funeral of Mrs. Faull
!AN JOSE. May 29.- The funeral of
Mrs. Ann Faull, who was found dead in
!,er bedroom yesterday, occurred to-day
and was largely attended. She was the
widow of Christopher Faun, and aged
79 yars. she cam< to California in 1853.
Kor many years she conducted a hotel
at Almaaen. A son, Joseph Faull, sur
vives her.
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
FEDERAL PLACES
EXEMPTED FROM
CIVIL SERVICE
President McKinley's Order May
Cause Fear and Trembling
Among Many Employes.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, May 29.
The civil service ruder issued by the
President to-day exempting nearly 5000
Federal positions from the civil service
will be read with great interest in Cali
fornia, especially by those members of
: the Federal brigade who have only held
on to their Jobs because they were thus
protected. Politics and personal favorit
ism will cut some figure now, and many
of these' employes have good cause for
fear and trembling, it Is true the Presi
dent's order amending rule 2 of section 8
provides that "no removal shall be made
except for cause," but where there is a
will there is a way to get rid of undesir
able incumbents. It is maintained by the
' advocates of the civil service reform that
by this order President McKinley has
1 taken a long step backward toward the
spoils system. It Is claimed that the
competition system-on which the civil ser
i vice act and the civil service rules rest
has been seriously undermined.
| John K. Proctor, president of the Civil
I Service Commission, when asked this af
! ternoon as to the effects of the amend
; ments, said: "1 have had an opportunity
I only to give them a cursory examination.
■ Radical changes have been made which I
believe must work harm to the classified
service. The commission was not con
| suited about these changes and I prefer
! not to be interviewed until 1 have studied
them."
Under the order the following named
employes or positions which have been
classified under the civil service act are
excepted from the requirements of exam-
I ination or registration, unless otherwise
1 suited:
i I— Not exceeding two private secretaries or
' confidential clerks to the President.
! Not exceeding two private secretaries or
confidential clerks to the head of each ol the
eight executive departments.
3— Not exceeding one private secretary or con
! fidential clerk to each of the assistant heads
of the eight executive departments.
4— Not exceeding one private secretary or con
fidential clerk to each of the following heads
of bureaus appointed by the President and con
firmed by the Senate in the eight executive de
partmeuts: The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue the Treasurer of the United States,
the Comptroller of the Currency, the Comp
troller of the Treasury; the Superintendent of
the Coast and Geodetic Survey; In the War
Department, the major general commanding
the army, the adjutant general, the inspector
general, the judge advocate general, the quar
termaster general, the commissary general of
subsistence, the surgeon Keneral, the paymas
ter general, the chief of engineers, the chief of
ordnance, the chief signal officer, the chief
of the record and pension office and the su
perintendent, of public buildings and grounds,
and In the Department of the Interior, the
commissioner of the general land office, the
commissioner of Indian affairs, the commis
sioner of patents the commissioner of educa
tion, the assistant attorney general for the In
terior Department, the director of the geolog
ical survey, the commissioner of p'enHlons.
s— Not exceeding one private secretary or con
fidential clerk to each of the heads of bureaus
appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate in the eight executive departments
not enumerated in paragraph IV of this rule,
if authorized by law.
All persons appointed by the President with
confirmation by the Senate.
7— Attorneys, assistant attorneys and spe
cial attorneys.
B— Not exceeding one private secretary or con
fidential clerk to the commissioner of labor.
9— Not exceeding one private secretary or con
fidential clerk to the commissioner of fish and
fisheries.
LO— Mot exceeding one private secretary or
confidential clerk to the secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution. "'.";:'_'
i 11— Not exceeding -one private secretary or
1 confidential clerk to each of the Interstate Com
' merce Commissioners.
12— All shipping commissioners.
13— Not exceeding one cashier in each cus
\ toms district. If authorized by the Secretary
of the Treasury. - ••■ ■*•■-■
14— Not exceeding one chief or principal dep
uty or assistant collector at each customs port,
and not exceeding one principal deputy collector.
of customs at each sub-port or station.
15— Not exceeding one deputy naval officer at
each customs port where a naval officer is
authorized by law.
16— Not exceeding one deputy surveyor of cus
toms at each customs port where a surveyor
is authorized by law.
17— Kot exceeding one private secretary or
confidential clerk. if authorized by the Secre
i tary of the Treasury, to the collector of each
customs district where the receipts for the
last preceding fiscal year .amounted to as much
as 1500,000. ■ ,
IS— Not exceeding one private secretary or
confidential clerk, if authorized by the Secre
tary of the Treasury, to each of the appraisers
at 'the ports of Boston, New York and Phil-
I adelphia, respectively.
I 19— Not exceeding: one counsel before the
Board of General Appraisers. •
20— Not exceeding one paymaster In the New
York customs district.
21— All positions in Alaska in the customs and
internal revenue services. "
22— Ail deputy collectors of Internal revenue
who are borne on the rolls as such, and the
allowance for whose salaries is approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury; provided, that no
position designated as a clerkship under a col
lector of internal revenue, appointment to
which is made by the Secretary of the Treas
ury, shall be discontinued for the purpose ot
substituting a deputy collectorshlp therefor, or
for any purpose other than a bona fide reduc
tion of force, and that before such reduction
shall be made the reasons therefor shall be
given' in writing by the collector of the dis
trict and shall be approved by the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue and the Secretary
of the Treasury.
■23 — Storekeepers and gaugers, whose compen
sation does not exceed $3 per day when actually
employed, and whose aggregate compensation
shall not exceed $500 per annum.
" 24— Officers in charge of the Bureau of Sta
tistics.
25 — Not exceeding one chief clerk in each mint
or assay office, who is authorized by law to act
for the superintendent or Rssayer In charge dur
ing his absence or disability. "■ . ■ * •
26 — One private secretary or confidential clerk
to the superintendent, one cashier, one deposit
weigh clerk, one assistant coiner, one assistant
melter and refiner and one assistant assayer in
each mint or assay office; provided, that ap
pointments to the positions named In this rule
in clauses 13. 14, 15, 16, 22 and 23 shall be sub
ject to an examination, to be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, equivalent to the
examination held by the commission for posi
tions of like grade. Such examination;) shall
be conducted by the commission In accordance
with Its regulations; provided, that examina
tions may be waived by the Secretary of the
Treasury for appointments in the Alaska cus
toms service and Internal revenue service In
Alaska.
27— Not exceeding one clerk to each army pay
master in actual service.
28— Wardens, chaplains and physicians In the
United States penitentiaries or prisons.
29— Not to exceed one private secretary or
confidential clerk to each district attorney.
30— Examiners.
The Assistant Attorney General for the
Postoftlce Department.
32— Not exceeding one private secretary or
confidential clerk to the Assistant Attorney
General.
33— Not exceeding one private secretary or
confidential clerk to the postmaster. If au
thorized by the Postmaster General, at each
postoffice where the receipts of the last Jre
f >>ding fiscal year amounted to as much as $350.
--000.
Not exceeding one auditor at the Postofflce
in New York.
35 — Not exceeding one finance clerk, if au
thorized by law and regularly and actually
assigned to act as auditor, at each postofflce.
where the receipts for the last preceding fiscal
year amounted to as much as $350,000.
3G— Not exceeding one cashier or finance clerk
at each first-class postofflce.
Not exceeding one cashier or finance clerk
it each postoffice where the receipts for th» last
preceding year amounted to as much as $500,
--000.
18— Not exceeding one cashier and two finance
clerks at each postofflce whore the receipts for
the. last fiscal year amounted to as much as
$i,000,00n. ■ .
39— Not exceeding: one cashier and three
finance clerks at each postofflce where the re
ceipts for the last preceding fiscal year amount
ed to as much as $2,000,000.
40— Not exceeding one clerk, who shall be a
regular physician at each first-class postoffice
when authorized by the Postmaster General to
examine acDlicants for sick leave, and also to
act as a general utility clerk.
41— The superintendent of the Hot Springs
reservation.
— One special ■ land Inspector.
43— Inspectors of coal mines In the territories
44— Special agents employed as necessity for
their employment may arise, for the purpose of
protecting public binds.
45— The Inspectors of surveyor generals and
district land offices. . .
45— Superintendents of irrigation In the Indian
?ervlce.
47— Superintendents. of logging In the Indian
service.
48— Five spec'" l T»"Ua.n agents, as authorized
by law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1899.
4s— Special agents for the allotment of land
in severaltv to the Indians, as the necessity
for their employment may arise.
50 — Soeclal commissioners to negotiate with
Indians, as the necessity for their employment
may arise. HSSfll
61— Engineers to make surveys of reservation
boundary lines and BUrVP'-s at Indian agencies,
as the necessity for their employment may
arise.
S2— Examiners of Indian timber lands, as the
necessity for their employment may arise.
53— One financial clerk at each Indian agency,
to act as agent during the absence or disability
of the agent.
54— positions in the Alaska school service.
— Not exceeding rive special pension ex
aminers to investigate fraudulent and other
pension claims of a criminal nature.
One clerk at each pension agerrc y to act
for the agent during his absence or disability.
57— Agents and experts who are temporarily
appointed and employed in making? investiga
tions and furnishing information for the de
partment as provided by law or und^r the di
rection of the head of the department, which
agents and experts shall be borne on the rolls
as such, and be actually engaged in the du
ties for "which they are appointed, and whose
payment has been authorized by law.
sS— One statistical agent in each State and
territory where authorized by law.
B9— The assistant secretary of the Smith
sonian Institution, in charge of the United
States .National Museum.
The exemptions from the operation of
the law are made in rule 111 and as addi
tions to the exceptions formerly made.
The additional exceptions follow:
Positions in the revenue cutter service where
the persons enlist for the season of navigation
only.
Any local physician employed temporarily as
acting assistant surgeon in the marine hos
pital service.
Any person employed in the marine hospital
service as quarantine attendant at the Gulf,
South Atlantic, Tortugas, Reedy Island ami
Angel Island quarantines; and any person
temporarily employed as quarantine attendant
on quarantine vessels, or in camps or in sta
tions, established for quarantine purposes, dur
ing epidemics of contagious diseases In the
United States or beyond the seas. All physi
cians employed as pension examining surgeons,
whether organized in board or working indi
vidually, under the directions of the Com
missioner of Pensions.
Tins paragraph does not include medical ex
aminers in the pension office.
Indians employed in the Indian service at
large, except those employed at superintend
ents, teachers, teachers of industries, kinder
gartens and physicians.
Temporary clerks employed in United States
local land offices to reduce testimony in writ
ine in contest cases, not paid from Govern
ment funds.
Temporary clerks employed In the < fflces of
Surveyor <Jenprnl, and paid from funds de
posited by Individuals for surveying public
■
Any person employed as officer or field deputy
in the office of a I'nlted States marshal.
Appointments to the following positions are
made hereafter on tests of fitness pre
scribed in paragraphs 74 to ss Inclusive of navy
yar.l order No. 23, revised, but pendlnK the
result of such examination! the Secretary of
the Navy may appoint to the above positions
qualified persons for a period not I
thirty days.
All Dersona at the navy yarSs, naval sta
tions and at private ship-building and mnn-,1
--fa'-turinc establishments, when* work is done
by contract for the Navy Department, em
ployed as special mechanics and civilian as
sistant Inspectors of work and materials <in
rludint; ordnance, nrmor plate, marine engine!.,
hulls, buildings, dredging, etc.),
Appointment! to the following namM posi
tions in i he War Department are to be made
hereafter on registration tests of fitness pre
scribed in regulations to be Issued by the Sec
retary of War and approved by the President:
Any person in the Quartermaster's Department
at large of the United States army employ.-.] as
train master, chief packer, foreman packer,
pack master, master baler, foreman of laborers,
superintendent of stables or forage master.
Any person in the Medical Department at
large of the Tnited States army, employed as
chief packer, packer or assistant packer.
Any person In the Ordnance Department at
large of the United States army employed as
foreman, assistant foreman, forage master,
weigher, skilled laborer, guard or on piece
work.
Any person in the Engineer Department at
large of the I'nited States army employed i
sub-inspector. overseer, sub-overseer, superin
tendent, master lock manager, deputy lock;
manager, assistant superintendent of canal,
chief deputy inspector, deputy inspector, rod
man, stadlaman. chairman, foreman, time
keeper, lork master, assistant lock master, cus
todip.n. storekeeper, torpedo keeper, assistant
torpedo keeper, light keeper, board master,
sub-foreman, fort keeper, master laborer, gauge
reader, steward, dam tender, assistant dam
tender, helper, carpenter's helper, machinist's
helper, quarry master, blacksmith's helper,
climber, barge master, recorder of vessels,
trackman, gardener, assistant gardener or
weigher.
Any person in the national military parks at
Gettysburg, Bhllon, Chickamauna, Chattanooga,
Vlcksburg and Antletam, cmi loved as com
missioner assistant In historical work, agent
for purchase Of land, historian, secretary rod
man, iliiiininan. assistant superintendent chief
guardian, guardian, guard. Inspector, carpen
ter, steam engineer or painter.
Rule 14 is amended so as to require
only non-competitive examinations lo test
the fitness of a person whom the head of
an executive department or the secre
tary of the Smithsonian Institution sh ill
nominate for appointment in the classi
fied service. This provision, it is declar
er], is meant to rover appointments to po
sitions requiring technical or scientific
training, and the Civil Service Commis
sion Is required to furnish a certificate
of qualification upon satisfying itself of
the general fitness and upon the receipt
of a certificate from the appointing offi
cer covering the facts. The amendment
provides against the transfer of persons
employed under this rule to places in the
competitive service.
The provision covering the removal of
persons in the classified service Is altered
materially In the language, and as chang
ed reads as follows:
No removal shall be made from the com
petitive classified service except for just cause
and for reasons given in writing, and the per
son sought to be removed shall have notice
Hnd be furnished a copy of such reasons and be
allowed a reasonable time for personally
answering the same In writing. Copy of surh
reasons, notice and answer, and of the order
of removal shall be made a part of the records
of the proper department or office, and the
reasons for any change in compensation within
the competitive classified service shall also be
made a part of the record of the proper de
partment or office.
Rule 7 of the act is amended so as to
give persons honorably discharged from
service in the army or navy of the United
States in the Spanish-American War, as
■well as the veterans in the Civil War.
preference in the making of appoint
ments. The term of eligibility, hereafter
one year from the date of entry of the
name of eligible candidates on the. civil
service commission's register, is extended
for a further period of one year in the
discretion of the commission.
The following new section added to rule
8 makes permanent in the discretion of
the heads of departments all existing
temporary appointments:
All persona serving under temporary ap
pointments at the date of the approval of this
section may he permanently appointed In the
discretion of the proper appointing officers, and
the special rule approved January 20, Ih9t», rela
tive to temporary appointments In the Navy
Department is hereby rescinded.
Rule 9 is so amended as to exempt per
sons who served in the war with Spain
from the one year limit in the matter of
reinstatement after discharge from the
service. This provision also applies alike
to the widows of such soldiers, but the
former provision including nurses is
eliminated. Reinstatements generally
may be made hereafter without regard to
length of time where dismissal from the
service has been due to a reduction of
forces specifically required by law. Still
another provision made in this connection
Is as follows:
Any person dismissed from the service upon
charges of delinquency or misconduct may be
reinstated subjert to the other conditions of
these rules without regard to the one year
time limit of this rule upon the certified te of
the proper appointing officer that he has al
ready investigated the case and that the
charges upon which the dismissal was based
were not true.
An entirely new rule. No. 13, is added,
classifying all officers and employes In
the classified service as follows, unless
otherwise provided by law:
Class A, all persons receiving an annual sal
ary of less than $720 or compensation at a less
rate- B, from $720 to less than $840; C, JMO to
t'JOO; D, $900 to $1000; E. $1000 to $1200; F, ItfOU
to $1400; two, $1400 to $1600; three, $16U0 to |1700;
four, $1800 to $2000; five, $2'HO to $2500; six, all
at |2.->on or more.
This classification does not Include persons
appointed to an office with the advice and con
sent of the Senate or mere laborers or work
men; does include all persons designated as
laborers or workmen who, prior to May 6,
18S6. and on June 10, 1536, were regularly a*
i signed to the same grade of work as tUat ptr
formed by classified employes. Hereafter no
person appointed as a lal>orer or workman
without examination under the civil service
rules shall he assigned to work of the same
grade as that performed by classifled employes.
Rule 1, section 2, relating: to transfers,
is materially amended by striking out the ;
words "or if in said position there is not :
required, in the judgment of the com
mission, the performance of the same
class of work, or the practice of the same
mechanical trade- performed or practiced
in the position from which transfer is
proposed," and Inserting in place of them
the following: "But the provisions in re
lation to apportionment shall be waived
upon the certificate of the appointing of
ficer that the transfer is required in the
interests of good administration."
The members of the civil service com- !
mission, owing to he fact that they have
not had time to examine and study its
provisions in detail, are not yet prepared
to give out. a statement of the effect of ;
the order.' A comprehensive statement,
however, will be prepared pointing out its I
consequences.
According to figures printed in Doeom
.ber the largest classes included in the
order and thereby excluded from the
classified service number thus:
Deputy collectors, internal revenue service, i
■ * "^s^^ "^
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium ot the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished, tablo ua- I
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDSCUREDBYITSWATERS '
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle. Horsea
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; puperb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, <leer and
small game plentiful: magnificent drives;
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet. ,
Reached by the shortest staee route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $8: via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or i
6. P R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
-1 phlet nr further Information address J. CRAI».
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL, or se»
L D CRAIO JlB Montgomery st.
; Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Poda Water Co.. ThlrteentH ;
and Webster sts.. Oakland.
AHKENS. PEIN & BHLLWTNKKL.
JJO Post t.t.. San Francisco.
LOOK AT
LICK
Observatory — one of the greatest
wonders of iforn>a. Largest tele-
scope in the world, except one.
[■ Ho'el Vendome is headquarters
for those who visit -the observatory.
The Vendome has been rebuilt —
new and clean.
GEORGE P. SNELL. San Joee,
Manager. Cal -
SKAGGS'HDTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only 4% hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door: pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
15 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or i.V)
p m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four year..
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Ch»rming Spot -to Visit This Bnmm«r.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
pntrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because it Is
clean, no poison oak. no rests. And pure _air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
ROWARDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. ON SAN LOR-
O enzo River, 3 1 ? hours from S. F. ; 40 min-
utes from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing, fishing and golf links; elegant hall and
dining room: club, billiard and smoking rooms;
new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel-
ephone Round trip, $3. Address V> . E. VEA-
ZIE. Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH, KENDO-
cIno County. . Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of.
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and tabl«
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER A CO.. Props.
SAMUEL SODA SPRIGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop.. Napa County. Cal. Sur*
cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located In Napa County. 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the spring* and contains Its own natural eas.
Btage leaves St. Helena. -■.'-_
MENDENHfILL SPRINGS.
Under new management: 1000 feet above sea:
stage connects with train nt Livermore at 2:15
p. m.; fare from San Frnnclsco, $2 25: rates.
$7 50 to $12 50 per week: half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor. Livermore, Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and" hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10.. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER, Adam Spring.
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten dally trains
each way. Open to guests during Juna and
; July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
HOTEL BENVENUE. .
And cottages. Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, Sox4o; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
•'. tßeswlck. Slsklyou County, Cal.)
Finest nailing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
BON BROS.. Proprietors. ■
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees. «
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley , Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS. Traffic Dept.,
321 Market st., San Francisco.
472; storekeepers and gaugers. temporarily em
ployed, BOO; military park commissioners arid
employes, 58; postoffice finance clerks and
cashiers, 2n; private secretaries at certain post
offlces, 22; deputy marshals, 204; private secre
taries to r'niterl States District Attorneys, 57;
special acent General Land Office, 30; super
intend* nts of warehouses, Irrigation and log
ging, 20; financial clerks, Indian agencies. 60;
Alaska school service. 32: pension examining
surgeons 657; chief anil financial clerks, pen
sion agencies, 36; special agents and experts,
Department it Agriculture, 25.
WHITTIER BOARD OF
TRUSTEES SELECTED
Dr. Barker Likely to Be the Successor
of Superintendent Van
Alstyne.
LOS ANGELES. May 29.— Political cir
cles are ago? to-night, as it is known
that Governor Henry T. Gage, who will
leave for Sacramento to-morrow night,
has a batch of appointments he will an
nounce upon his arrival at the Capitol.
The new Whittier Board of Trustees, as
announced to-night, will be composed of
SUNDAY MENU |:
HOTEL EL PASO DE ROBLES.
Green Turtle Lie au Cognac '
Consomme
Relishes Chile Sauce Olives
Baked Flounders aux I-'ine Herbs
Pommes Duchess
Westphalia Ham, Champagne Sauce
Sweetbread Croquetts '
Veal Chops, au Macedoine
• Oysters, a la Poulette. en Caisses
Pineapple Fritters, Brandy Sauce
Prime Beef an Jus
Young < hicken Stuffed. Giblet Sauce
Mush..! &nd Steamed New Potatoes
New Asparagus New C.reen Peas
Shrimp Mayonnaise
Peach Pie chocolate Pie
Tapioca Pudding. Port Wine Sauce
Vanila Meringue Tortoni Ice Cream
Assorted Cakes
Nuta and Raisins
American and Swiss Cheese '
Fruit Tea Coffee Milk
Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office, '
Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st. '
j A Country Palace, is Hotel Vendome.
li centered in a 12-acrc park nt oaks.
$£' v Planned f«»r comfort Modern
ft -A hirnWlimi^tiiroutfliout. Wide
Isia ver.mtl.i\ large rooms,
Sir bro:id lohhies. Cuisine
gSjJfejk^oj^k ;ind service unsurpass
niniiAA HOT BMIBGa — Thu
Ulllril IVII beautiful summer and
r II H I 1 1 1 I winter resort. now
I nilill W owned and managed by
DR. J. PEKRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet
: The climate is soft and balmy and free from
i fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
1 plunge- and tank baths: delightful grounds.
! comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
; hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
'■ walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
j cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot; 9 a. m.
Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st...S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
(Change of Management.).
I R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hjtel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths - refitted and improved— competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., S. F.. at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and. special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gllroy Hot Springs, Cat.
.■«'."i' : Take S.P.R.R. train?-.
riVfTairi s turn., E p.m. Only !
UTI Vfll hours' ride. Carriage?
meet every train. No
U.i, staging. New hotel.
' i|fi|T first - rinsji throughout.
IK/l Hot mineral sprinsrs
j _ # cure rheumatism. Add.
1 bpnnqS A. bettens, Mgr.
3 • cj Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
Fla. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard. croquet and other
i games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip. $3 75. Stage
I meets morning trains -nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co.. Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
I VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
! and particulars address MRS M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
HOWELL MOUNTAIN,
i A lovely home one mile from Angwin's Hotel:
about 115 acre*; 6 acres hay land; -7 acres full
bearing vineyard; fine spring, also well supplied
by a spring; house, barn and outbuildings;
adapted for summer resort. Apply to MRS H.
T. WAGELAND, St. Helena. Napa Co., Cal.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottages. Just
completed.
/V\RS. f\. T. MOORE,
belvi.:;eke.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
; ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
i long distance telephone; campers' return tlck-
; ets. $2 60; hotel open the year round. Send for
I circulars to J. H. , HAESTERS, Glenwood, Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner. ■ th one of the best
I tables in the county: 1 $10 to $12 per week. Round
! trip. $3 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL ON. Bertha. Lake
' County. Cal.
Charles Prager. J. F. Clarke of Pasadena
and Dr. Walter Llryiley. The naming of
Lindley will be a legal formality. The
nomination of Prager and Clarke fore
shadows the selection of Dr. Barker as
a successor to Superintendent Van Al
styne and Dr. Lindloy will be the pri-si
deht of the board. Gage has given it out j
flat that he will ignore the claims of the
Democratic committee that his appoint- !
ments must be confirmed by the Senate
before the appointees may assume office.
Governor Gage has made all prepara
tions to leave fur the fosemite valley
on June 1 with his wife and friends.
Martin Aguirre, the new Warden of San
Quentin. has received a telegmm from
Warden Hale asking him to repori as
soon as possible. Aguirre will go north in
a few days, accompanii-d by termer
Deputy Sheriffs Uarnhill and McClure,
who are to receive positions under him.
REORGANIZED COMPANY B
San Jose Soldiers Re-enter the Cali
fornia National Guard.
SAN JOSE, May 29. — Steps were taken
this evening to reorganize Company B,
Fifth Regiment, National Guard of Cali
fornia, wnich became part of the Eighth
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, ' auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates. ,
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street
SAN FRANCISCO.
Th« Pl»o« for AT3/^IJ A TV n th FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARDHiLLj.ru-
HEALTH SPRINGS «"KK!i.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water.
• Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Tear
Arouni Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad.
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park. Cal.
.
If you are ILL, Overworked or
bound for Pleasure, at SARATOGA
SPRINGS, LAKE CO., you will find
HEALTH, REST and RECREATION.
J. MARTENS, Proprietor.
City Office— 4l6 Pine st.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ. CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. LO- |
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains. j
! Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
| and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
! dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
j J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
I HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
: : ; ';^UKE COUNTY.
The Best In the World. •
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
j ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year !
■ round. Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic. '
; All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES ;
of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly- !
Ms. Skin Diseases and Kidney. Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms, 110 to lIS per week. ' Dally stage from
' alietoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
' RflfA HATFT The grandest resort in the
I DUWA illy IEL Sierra Nevada* for the
hunter and fisherman: pleasant sunny rooms, ;
good boating on lake: boats free to guests;
: prices reasonable, $S to $10 per week: special I
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee j
River trout are unequaled In California. W. J.
McDonald. Manager. I
. DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs. Glen Ellen.
| Sonoma County, also 20 completely furnished
i 6-room cottages; good boating, fishing and
: hunting; .finest summer resort and mineral
water for all diseases In America; camping |
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
; C. C. O'Donneil. 1021H Market st.. bet. Sixth
; and Seventh. San Francisco.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
j home. Every modern convenience. In and !
cut door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
; M. MERRY. Proprietor.
I DUNCAN SPRINGS,
] Two miles from Hopland. Unen,uale<l soda and i
! magnesia springs; bnt'-s: furnished cottages. ,
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BROOK.SIDE.
The beautiful new resort at the head of
; Napa Valley is now open. First-class ac- j
j eommodailonF, hot and cold water, gas. baths, !
' mineral springs. For health,' scenery, climate
and beautiful drives It Is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH. Prop., Cal-
Istoga. Cal. . |
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful secnery and ' drives: unexcelled
hunting: best trout fishing in California: excel-
lent table, $7 f»0 per week: fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests: dally mails. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. TORDI. SO9 Call build-
ing, San Francisco.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
: Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tlb-
i uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
i baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
i $12 pet week. $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
I ente Springs, Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
**
WDITF w - H - MILLER, Uklah Stables, for
HI 1 C economical and . best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Mendo-
| cino counties. Stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs. Witter Springs and
Upper Lake. . • ■
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms.
$7. E. M. SHELFORD. Cloverdale. Cal.
Free carriage. I . • ■■
California Regiment at the breaking out
of the Spanish war. About fifty ex-solaier
boys were present when Captain Part
ridge called the meeting to order. All are
anxious to get back into their old uni
forms and the company will have its ftnl
quota by the next meeting. ICx-members
of Companies B and M, Kighth California
Regiment, will be given preference, and
the organization will be compos. rt of welffc
drilled nun. *1
Only civil officers were elected to-night)
as follows: Recording secretary, Serg
<;. i.. Holtum: financial secretary, Tluuhaa
J. McGteoghegan; Inspector of rifles, \v.
P. liollinKer; treasurer. Captain 11. 1,.
Partridge. Committees were appointed.
The election of company officers will be
held shortly. Captain IT. L. Partridge
undoubtedly will be made captain, but
there will be a lively scramble for the
other offic
Demonstrations at Belfast
BELFAST. May 28.— The placarding of
the city with parti-colored postei
Douncing a Nationalist demonstratii
take place on Jane 5 to celebr&i
bellion of 170$ and the fact that tlvre la
to be an anti-Nationalist demonsi
on the .sinir day are causing tin au
ties much apprehension.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all alone the main
line. Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles alonsr
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our • Guerneville.
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is ' now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating 1 -w
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in W
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, in the midst of the redwood
country; and on ! the Russian- River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will le
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell. proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville. representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without . charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
dally train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. 660 Market st:. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building.
Sansome and California streets. -•»;, \:
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thi- delightful watering place la located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone -dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. HO. . , - . •
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
rADI en i n— Most beautiful spot in Lake
vAhLODAU County. The mineral springs are v
famous for marvelous cures when all . else W
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and *
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
{10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County. • .?-£->
PLANTATION HOUSE.
Eighteen miles from t Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address ■J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County. -or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars i'lvf.'Ar
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day: $50 for 12 days from S. F. : eight
days In valley. Information at the Traveler
Office. 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at the
Valley Road Office. 321 Market St.
r p r c> TOCALOMA. ' M & IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 68 Third St.. San Francisco. . .
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer: board or camp cottases: Sunday excur-
sions, %l. For circulars address H. G. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor. Cal. ', ■
GLEN\A/OOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns: 5 minutes' walk from depot: milk,
poultry, fruit. Iron springs: jas throughout;
telephone and telegraph. Round trip. $2 60: $i to
$10 per week. Free carrlnge to and from trains.-
Write WH.LIAM MARTIN. Glenwpod, Cal. ■
*;"•■-. JOHANNISBERG.
' FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In • the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeaer 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming minting, fishing. Terms. }6 to JlO per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERQ
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County. Cal. - X
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL. ;.->'•"
Climate, scenery, entertainment: none better
In Lake Co.; nt indoors and out.
H. WAM BOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. Als'D 4
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs. P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. Good ■ country
board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Calistoga, Cal. 
\/ACPIMITF San Francisco to Chl-
YUoLlTll I L. ... ,by railway.
Thence by Lumadcn & Co.'s coaches 60' miles'
to Yosemite Valley. Round triu $32. Single
fare, in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH":
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery St., San Francisco. "
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY. ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts tor FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. - • . .-
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located in Blackburn Gulch. 5 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home In
the redwoods: running water: abundance of
fruit; good table; terms. $5 per week; children
under 10. S3. Address W. CitANDELL, Santa
Cruz. Cal. '
OAK GROVE cottage' Saratoga; newly fur-
nished: good table: Congress. Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga.
ANY one looking for nice, ' quiet, comfortable/
farm home to spend vacation address *".",
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
MAN/,ANITA Station." near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms with hoard; good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa. ' • • -MINER MEETS AN
AWFUL ACCIDENT
Mutilated by a Piece of Metal
Fron) a Collapsed Balaoce
Wheel.
9 ,r MARISMLLE, May 29.-Details of an awful accident which befell •
g Monroe Baker, a young man of 30 years, employed in the Denver O
g mine, near Forbestown. reached this city this evening. Baker, who was g
« working on the night shift, came up from one of the lower levels at mid- ™
g night to eat his luncheon. He had concluded the meal and was in the |
0 act of picking up his bucket when the large balance wheel of the en- §
»♦ gine near-by collapsed, pieces flying in all directions. A large section £•
g struck Monroe, tearing away one side of his face, crushing his Jaw and C
£ exposing the brain. Strange to say. at last accounts he was still living, £
8 but his physician has no hopes for' his recovery. The man was very "
•> popular in the mining camp, and for his young wife and baby the com- <>
»^ munity has sincere sympathy .•
V
SYLVA AS A TOOL
OF THE GAMBLERS
\>ausalito Trustee Gets
Himself Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 29.— Town Trustee
Adolph Sylva of Sausallto executed his
duly advertised star play to-day by hav
ing himself arrested on a felony charge
in ord«r to settle the pool room question
as speedily as possible. Then the acute
official started in to celebrate his display
of genius, ending by causing a most dis
graceful scene in the Supervisors' cham
ber and narrowly avoiding a thrashing
at the hands of District Attorney Mc-
Isaac
The warrant for Sylva's arrest on a
charge of felony for having issued and
delivered a license to Joseph Harvey to
conduct a gambling game in defiance of
the statutes was sworn,, to by Eng-ene
Cramer* before Recorder SUnpton of
Sausalito. . The Trustee then came to this
city and petitioned the Superior Court
for a writ of habeas corpus, which was
granted by Judge Angellotti and made re
turnable on Monday, June 5. ■ /J.'].;'
This afternoon Sylva suddenly walked
into the Supervisors' chamber, and with
out any apology rudely Interrupted the
routine of the session by declaring he
represented the majority of' the Town
Trustees of Sausalito In the capacity of
4 chairman and desired the board to adopt
a county license permitting pool rooms
to be conducted in that town. He was
ruled out of order by Chairman Barr and
I requested to take his seat, whereupon he
hurled an Invective at the head of Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaacj accusing the Jat
ter of having violated his pre-election
promises.
"Yau're drunk, Sylva," calmly replied
Mclsaac. "and when you're sober 1 may
condescend to talk to you."
At this Sylva loudly proclaimed that he
had eighteen warrants already sworn out
for the arrest of certain county officials
en felony charges and would have them
served if the Supreme Court lied favor
ably as regards the present Issue. Fol
lowing this with an epithet or two. he
was told to desist by the District Attor
ney or he would be made to suffer. Sylva
thi'ii dropped his air of bravado and
walked quietly from the room and took
a late train for a i usalito.
MRS. REYNOLDS' DEATH
DUE TO CARELESSNESS
Stockton Coroner's Jury Censures the
Southern Pacific and Railway
Companies.
3TOCKTON.M ly 29. -The Coroner's Jur;
iii'juiry into the death of Mrs. Frano a V.
Reynolds, the young woman X i l : -
rday evening by a Southern Pacifl
ght train, gave a verdict which prob
ably will be the basis for a heavy dam
suit apainst th<- electric railway com
4 ■:■ ami the Southern Pacific. The tea
timony Indicated that precautions agatns
collision? between street cars and train
ha.l become largely mechanical <>v tii
pari of the employes, and that •■. ■ ■
though they exercli I tion dange
coula not be avoided, ns there w;is n<
-man at the ci rdict ■
th>' Coroner's jury says:
v> .. censure the Southern Pacific Ral!roa<
■
■ any' for ■<■:: the P"Uthern Pacifl
■ : ■ any for not having a gate o
man at th« • the Stock)
: tnpany for not u«:ni; Bufflclen
sing r the ra ting. Wi
mmend that the city of Stockton have th
railroad compai roteel public crossings b:
Attached to this: is the following nota
tion:
I hereby dissent from this verdict r 'ii Kmuni
that I do n^t believe a Coroner's Jury ha? th
richt to censure.
:;-d.) -;K' >RGE H' IRNAGE.
WANTS TO FIGHT SHARKEY
Jeffords, the Sonora Giant, Willing
to Meet the Sailor.
STOCKTON, May 29.— "Jim" Jeffords
wants to fight Sharkey. The big fellow
from the mountains is as splendid a speci
men of manhood as one cares to — . He
is built something on the plan of Sharkey.
He probably is a little taller and has a
slight advantage in reach over the sailor
boy.
"It" Bharkey will make the same propo
sition that he mad.' to Stelzner 1 will
fight him at any time. Shavkey offered
to take Ste-lzner on with an agreement to
stop him in ten rounds. I feel confident I
ran keep away from the sailor boy for
that long, anyway," declared the man
from Sonora.
"How about Btelzner?"
"Well. Stelzner won from me on a foul,
Jk had him all cut to pieces, and when he
c tiled me a vicious name I lost my head.
I picked him up and threw him to the
floor. Of course the referee had to decide
against me."
Jeffords and his trainer have gone to So
nora, but previous to their departure they
told all the local sports that Jeffords
would come to the scratch on the propo
sition at any time. He began his pugilistic
career in 1893 at Grass valley. He was
known through his prowess as wrestler
before he entered the ring. He holds the
championship of America for Cornish
wrestling. His boxing record includes I
about twenty fights, in several of which |
he exhibited science and endurance. It
Is the latter quality which would make
his friends sanguine if they could get him
Into a ring with the sailor.
♦
REFUSES TO ABROGATE
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY
Great Britain's Club to Compel the
United States to Make a Con
cession to Canada.
NEW YORK, May £9.— Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Great Britain continues to hold over the
head of the United States its refusal to
abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and
not to dispose of the questions at Issue
with Canada unless the latter is granted
the concession she asks In the Alaskan
boundary dispute.
As this concession will not be granted
It is evident that unless a satisfactory
solution of the boundary controversy Is
obtained the treaty will stand in the way
<£ the sole ownership and control of the
• iragua canal by the United States.
■ -I.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
.••I seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
* tiler direct from ocean.
INVALIDATES THE
SIDEWALK ACT
Judge Bennett Says It Is
Unconstitutional.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. May 29.— Tn Judse Bur
• - department of tht- Superior Court
Ision was handed down to-day In
the case of the Petaluma Paving Com
pany apainst James Singley declaring tho i
celebrated Vrooman Bldewalk act to he j
unconstitutional. The decision affects al
n-. st every city and town In the B
nearly .-ill of which have during the last
five years taken advantage of the act to
perfect street Improvements.
The action upon which the decision was
based was brought in the Superior Court
of this county to foreclose a lien for street
ssment. The case originated in pro
ngs taken by the City Council of i
Petaluma under what was supposed to be !
• - il act of the Legislature 1 1 titled "An ;
act to provide for work upon streets,
alleys, courts, places and sidewalks,
etc.," Introduced Into the Senate In 1885
bj the late Senator Henry Vrooman of
Oakland. Some time ago the City Council
of Petaluma awarded the Petaluma Pav
ing Companj a contract to lay certain
sidewalks In that city in conformity with
th-- provisions nf the Vrooman ;*••;. The
company carried out its contract and the
v. i.rk was accepted by t >i • Council.
Singley refused to pay f..r his portion
of the work, and suit was brought to .
compel him to '!" bo. Judgment was u;vt-n
f. >r the plaintiff, atvl the defendant at
once moved for a new trial. To-day's
decision was th»- outcome.
The main ground upon which the mo
tion for a new trial was based was that j
the act was unconstitutional and opposed
to the fourteenth amend] I I the
United States constitution, which pro
vides that "no State shall deprive any
person of life, liberty or property without
process of law"; also section 14 ar
] of the constitution of California,
which provides that "private property
shall not be taken or damaged for public
without just compensation having
first 1-' en made to or paid Into court f<>r
the owner." In handing down his de
cislon'the court says:
■■I have no doufct that the act of March
18. LBPS. --I, titled 'An act to provide for •
work upon streets, etc' to the extent that |
It seeks t" impose upon the property of
an Individual an assessment to pay the
c of a public Improvement, with
■.- regard to special benefit to said prop
erty and Independent of any judicial de
termination of such benefit, is void, and
cannot be made a basis for the mainte
• m action like the case at bar."
In compliance with this reasoning a|
new trial in the case has been granted.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Contract for Masonry Work for the
New Postoffice Building Will
Soon Be Awarded.
I WASHINGTON; May 29.— 1t is generally
■ believed at the Supervising Architect's
office that the contract for masonry work
on the San Francisco Postofßce will be
awarded to Ellis & Co. At the opening of
the bids in April this was supposed to be
a Cincinnati (Ohio) firm, but it is now
known that they have offices in this city.
I Sueprvising Architect Taylor is very
much pleased with the last bids and
thinks the contract will be awarded in a
few days. - ...
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War, Charles A. Haw-
Icy. Battery L. Third United States Ar
tillery, Manila, will be sent on a Gov
ernment transport to San Francisco and \
will upon his arrival there be discharged
from the service of the United States by
the commanding officer of the Presidio of.
San Francisco. Private William D. Huff, j
Company A. Twenty-third United States
Infantry, now at Manila, will be dis
charged" from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer at his j
station. "The discharge of Private Joseph
B. Johnson, Company I. Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteer Infantry, is hereby con
firmed. Private Evard J. Brumbach,
Company A, Twenty-third United States
Infantry, will be discharged from the ser
vice of the United States upon receipt of
his descriptive list by the commanding of- ;
fleer of the Presidio of San Francisco.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Captains Bedgwick Pratt and Henry C.
Danes, Third United States Artillery, are
detailed, nude!- provisions of general or
ders relating to the examination of mi.di
•cal officers,. as members of the board of
officers appointed to meet at San Fran
cisco by special orders. April 20, from this
office, for service therewith only during
the examination of such officers as may
have been reported by the board as phy- |
sically disqualified for promotion.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John C. Scott.
Sailors' Home, San Francisco, $6. Re-
Wallace D. Haynes, Oakland, $6.
Increase — Wiimer W. Russell, Marysville, I
$6 to $8; Ernest Pfeffcrle, Los Angeles, $6 j
to $3.
Oregon: Increase — Comer, Can-
nvillc. (6 to $12.
Washington: Increase — Joseph M. Ives,
Orting, $6 to $10.
CAMP OF ADVENTISTS
GROWS IN POPULATION
Fifty Extra Tents Ordered to Accom- !
modate the Throng of New
Arrivals.
STOCKTON, May 29.— The I
of the big tented city of the Seventh Day j
; Adventlsts at Goodwater Grove, near this
I place, was increased by 100 arrivals this
evening 1 . Among them wire M. !•;. Cady,
president of the Healdsburg College, and
! M C. McClure, one of the directors of i
that Institution. A kindergarten has '
been established in one of the large tents
and the little children of the campers
were to-day started on a course of study
and play that will continue as long as the
tents are pitched. J- J- Ireland was to
day elected secretary of the conference,
lf. : will assume his duties to-morrow,
h, all probability the camp meeting will ;
i be much more largely attended than was
at first expected. A delegation of several ,
hundi d campers La expected to arrive
to-morrow. Fifty <-xtr;r tents were or
dered by telegraph from San Francisco :
! this evening, and more may be needed.
Visitors to the camp grounds to-day I
w re warned by large red placards not j
, to smoke on the premises. Peddlers and
solicitors are forbidden the grounds. The j
canvas city has its own grocery, book and ;
supply stores and lives apart from the I
near-by municipality. j
'IHE FUAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1899.
SOLID SEVER
WANT TO FAVOR
THE RACETRACK
Would Repeal the
Poolselling Order.
BLOCKED BY THE MINORITY
FUTILE EFFORT TO AVOID THE
VETO BY THE MAYOR.
City Will Buy the Land Required for
the Opening of Twenty-Fifth
Street— Other Busi
ness.
The "Solid Seven" of the Board of Su
p« rvlsora made an attempt yesterday to
repeal the ordinance prohibiting the sale
of pools on racetracks in the city and
county of San Francisco, the operation I
of which resulted In the closing of the in
iquitous gambling resort known as In
gleside track. That tite attempt was not
immediately successful is due to the
watchfulness of the Mayor and the minor
ity members of the board.
During the intervals of the wrangle
that marked the attempt of the majority
to secure the .passage of the many rail
rcad franchises asked for by the Market
street Railway Company Supervisor
Black Introduced a resolution providing
foi the repeal of the racetrack ordinance.
H. Immediately moved its adoption. Su
pervisors Perrault, Lackmann, Deasy and
Bylngton entered objections to the pro
ceeding and wanted to know why the
members of the majority who had voted
for the passage of the ordinance now
wished to have it repealed.
Mayor Phelan ruled that the repeal of
the ordinance would have to be brought,
if at all, in the same way as it.s adoption
bad been effected by the board. The orig
ii a] resolution bad been passed to print
and at the following rtfeeting had been
acted on favorably by the board and had j
then gone to the Mayor for his approval, i
T< repeal the ordinance the same course j
would have to be pursued.
This was not what the solid seven
wanted. They knew that it' they buc
■ • ■ ded in passing the resolution of repeal
the manner Indicated the Mayor
would veto it when it was sent to him tor
his signature. For this reason they
sought t<> adopt th<- resolution as it was.
presented by Black and without having it i
go to >>rmt. The ruling of the Mayor!
killed this hope, however, and Supervisor
Perrault moved that the resolution be j
passed to print and referred to the Health j
and Police Committee. Before the full
significance of the motion had dawned
upon Black and his fellow members of
the majority, the Mayor asked If there
were anj objections, and bearing none de
clared the motion carried.
Tiiis was a body blow, but there was
no help for it and the majority were
forced, much against their will, t" take
their medicine. As the matter now stands
the resolution of repeal con If passed,
will have to go to the Mayor and he will
veto it.
The San Francisco Athletic club was
granted permission to hold a boxing exhi
bition on the evening of June ii.
An authorization was passed directing
the Mayor to purchase from the Carr es
tate certain property necessary for the j
opening of Twenty-fifth Street from San ,
Jose avenue to Guerrero street. The pur
. base price is fixed at $12,000.
A resolution was adopted appropriating
$1500 out of the insurance contribution
fund Tor the payment of extra help' in
the Fire Department from the evening of
July 3 to the morning of July 6.
PB riTIONo RECEIVED.
The following petitions wet* received and re
f.-i-rcS to the Street Committee: <;. B. Burling,
for permission to use the rock from the I>lrk!hm
rock quarry, iituate in the Flint Tract, upon
the streets: and sidewalks of the city; W. W.
• half of many teachers, requesting
that permission l>e granted the Market Street
Railway Company to erect a small station at
thi- corner oi sixteenth and Bryant Btreets;
Theodore B. Kulfs. for permission to substitute
n sate for a show window In front of
the premises at I<ll6 Market street; Sunnyside
District Improvement t'lub, requesting that a
cDemical engine be stationed In that district;
Goldberg Bowen & Co., for permission to
i-r |cci the show windows of their new build
ln>r. on the northerly side- of Batter street, be- j
tween 'Jrant avenue and Kearny street, nine i
over the street line; May I'arker, for th.r
construction Of an outlet t" th" sewer in Mar
rison street, at the crossing of Ueale street; j
Fal Pfaff. for a test of his fender f.ir street
earn; North I'entral Improvement Association,
for the placing of an electric light at the cross-
Ing 'if Washington and Sansome Ftreets; James
Feagan, submitting that tho protest against
the grading and sewering of Chapultepec street
is slpn-.l by lesa than one-quarter of the prop
erty owners and that statements contained In
■aid protest are not true, and stating that the
Board "f Health haYs recommended the con-
Btructlon of the sewer; Mission Husiness Men's
Association, requesting that provision be made
for placing electric lights on Mis-ion street, G.
R. Thompson, on behalf of property owners, to
construct a sewer, etc., by private contract in
Vallejo street, between Devlaadero and Hrod-
J'iiilip HlnkJe, retentions inspection of
a device f"r preventing accidents and injury
by sidewalk elevators; F. J. Maynanl, tor a
license to solicit street w.>rk: Plastic Flre
proof Construction Company, for $:Oi.) in set
tlement of its claim for plastic compound used
In the construction of the Hall of Justice; j.
A. Bandell, requesting that the contractors for
paving Flllmore street, between Halsht and
Page, be compelled to perform his portion of
the work for the same price as that charged
to other property owners; Sophie Mitchell-Oil
filliin. requeuing the board to reconsider Its
action declaring Miles street an open public
street, also In granting permission to Mrs. D.
D. Shattuck to extend steps as an entrance to
her property '>n Miles place; Point Lobos <'lub,
for the award of a contract for reirradlna
Twenty-fourth avenue, between A and C
streets: sain., for regrading, etc.. Tenth ave
nue. Point Lobos to A street, Twenty-second
avenue, I'oint Lobos to Clement, and to grade,
etc.. Twenty-fifth avenue. Point Lobos to
Clement, and the crossing of Clement and
Twenty-second avenue; Merchants' Association,
recommending amendments In the specifications
for street lighting.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and
referred to the proper committees: Property
owners, against the laying of artificial atone
sidewalks on the west side of Spruce street,
between Clay ami Washington; property own
ers, against the paving of Twenty-ninth street,
between Mission and Noe, by private contract;
property owners, against the laying of artifi
cial stone sidewalks on Sixteenth street, be
tween Sanchez and Noe: property owners,
against the grading of the crossing of Sixth
avenue, south of X street south: property own
.-!>. against the paving' of Sixteenth street, be
tween Noe Castro; Mrs. Phoebe J. Nichols.
against the establishment of a Chinese hospital
on Clay street: property owners, against the
laying of an artificial stone sidewalk on the |
east side of Xoe street, between Henry and
Sixteenth; property owners, against the paving,
etc.. oi Fourteenth street, between Dolores
and Market.
COMMCNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were received
and referred ; From the State Hairy Bureau,
calling attention to the act of the Legislature
which makes It the duty of the State Dairy
Bureau to inspect all dairies and canneries as
to their sanitary condition upon a complaint
made to the bureau; M. Fernandez of Los An
geles, submitting a model of a fender for
■treet cars; Hi-i.-n J. Hutehlnson & Co.. ap
pealing from the assessment for the cost of
pnvlng of the Intersection of Julian and Four
teenth streets: Roard of Fire Commissioner's. '
sumtiittlng and recommending the granting of
a petition of the executors of the Sutro estate
offering the use of a house and all extra help
Beaded, with three horses, harness and feed,
also an engineer and driver, if the city w.ill
take charge of the fire apparatus loaned and
have them instructed and properly drilled, and
requesting authority to employ an engineer and !
driver for the purpose named: Board of Fire ;
Commissioners, recommending the Board of '
Supervisors to advertise for proposals to fur
nish 800 hydrants, more or less. In accordance
with specifications furnished by the Fire De- ]
partment; Board of Fire Commissioners, recom- '
n>t mling the purchase of two second-class I
Metropolitan steam fire engines for use of the !
Fire Department, to be paid for from moneys
in the treasury contributed by the insurance
companies.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions of intention to perform street
work were passed as follows: Shotwell street,
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets, arti
ficial stone Bide walks; Bryant street. Twenty
sixth to Army, sewer to connect with sewer
in Army street; Tenth avenue, between J
and X streets, Eighth avenue, between H
and I streets-, and Ninth avenue, between J
and X streets, three-foot plank sidewalks;
Spruce street, Washington to Jackson streets,
granite curbs and artificial stone sidewalks;
crossing Spruce and Jackson streets; artificial
stone sidewalks and paving of roadway with
bitumen; Spruce street, between Clay and
Washington streets, artificial stone sidewalks;
crossing of Central avenue and Grove street,
paving with bitumen; crossing Central ave
nue and Fulton street, paving with bitumen;
Fifteenth street, Castro to westerly termina
tion of Fifteenth street. 14-Inch ironstone pipe
sewer, to connect with the sewer in Castro
street: Washington street. Cherry street to
Eighteenth avenue, granite curbs and artifi
cial stone sidewalks and paving with bitumen;
Vallejo street, Devisadero to Broderlck, granite
curbs, paving roadway with basalt blocks, 10
--inch sewer; Broderick street, Vallejo to Green,
12-inch Ironstone pipe sewer: crossing Vallejo
and Broderlck streets, grading. 10-lnch pipe
sewer in easterly portion, 12-inch pipe sewer
In other portions, cesspools, culverts, granite
curbs and artificial stone sidewalks on four an
gular corners of said crossing, and paving of
roadway with bitumen; crossing Brodcr'.ek und
Green streets, 10-inch ironstone pipe sewer In
easterly portion. 12-inch ironstone pipe sewer
in southerly and westerly portions and 14-lnch
ironstone pipe sewer in northrly portion, with
cesspools, culverts, artificial stone sidewalks
on northeasterly, southeasterly and southwest
erly corners, eranite curbs and artificial stone
sidewalks on northwesterly corner and paving
of foadw&y With bitumen; Cosa avenue. Pros-
I pect avenue, southeasterly line of Chapultepec
street, grading; redwood curbs and rock gutter
ways and macadamizing of roadway and side
walks; Broderick etreet. Green to Union streets,
14-Inch Ironstone pipe sewers; crossing of
Spruce and Washington Btreets, artificial stone
Bldewalk on southeasterly corner; Cosa avenue,
between Chapultepec street and Prospect ave
nue, 12-inih ironstone i>lpe sewer to connect
with sewer in Prospect avenue; crossing Cha
pultepec street and Cosa avenue. 12-lnch Iron
stone pipe sewer in easterly and westerly por
tions, 8-inch sewer In southerly position and
cesspools culverts on southeasterly and south
westerly corners: Chapultepec street. Eugenia
and Virginia avenues, 10-lnch Ironstone pipe
sewer to connect with sewi?r In Virginia ave
nue crossing Chapultepec street and Eugenia
avenue, 10-inch ironstone piuf newer in north
erly portion, 12-inch sewer in easterly and west
erly portions; 8-Inch Bewer in southerly portion
and cesspools and culverts in northeasterly and
southeasterly corners.
I STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent recommended that street
work be performed as follows: That artifi
cial stone sidewalks be laid on the north side
Of Myrtle avenue, between Octavla and La
guna streets, where not already laid, and ex
cept where bituminous rock sidewalks are laid:
arJficl.il stone sidewalks on the south side of
Bu«h street between Stelner and Pierce, where
not already laid, etc.; same on Grove street,
between Webster and Fillmore; same south side
of Sutter street, between Lyon street and Cen
tral avenue; same on Birch avenue, between
Octavla and Laguna streets; same on east side
of Broderlck street, between Bush ana Pine;
eight-inch ironstone pipe sewer with two man-
I lea and covers In Francisco street, between
Webster and Fillmore, to connect with :.ewer |
In Fillmore street; Hght-inoh ironstone pipe
Bewer with four manholes and covers In Church
Ipne between Dolores and church streets, to
connect with the sewer In Dolores .street; eight-
Inch Ironstone pipe sewer with two manholes
and covers in Filbert place, between* Filbert
and Union streets, to connect with sewer in
Union street; granite curbs on Filbert place,
between Union and Filbert streets, where not
already laid, and that the roadway l>e paved
with basalt blocks; that California Btreet, be
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first avenues, be
graded to the official line and grade and that
redwood curbs be laid thereon, and that the
roadway und sidewalks thereof be macadam-
Ised except that portion required by law to
j be kept In repair by the railroad company
! having tracks thereon; paving the roadway at
! Fillmore street, between llalght and Page
streets with basalt blocks, when- not already
paved: artificial stone sidewalks on I'lne street,
between Buchanan and Webster streets, where
not already laid, and except where bituminous
rock si.Uwalks are laid; storm water Inlets
with gratings and culverts on the rour an
gular corners of the crossing of Baker and
: Hay streets; storm water inlets with gratings
and culverts on the four angular corners of
! the crossing of Baker and Francisco Btreets;
remacadamizing of certain portions of Twelfth
! avenue between Clement and California streets;
i plank sidewalks on Baker street, between
; Greenwich and Lombard, where not already i
: laid and except where bituminous rock side- j
' walks are laid: artificial stone sidewalks on
tta east Bide of Hyde street, between Vallejo
and Qreen, where not already hud, and except
I where bituminous rock sidewalks are laid.
BTKEET CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolutions awarding contracts toi Btreet
work were adopted ai follows: J. J. Dowling,
artificial stone sidewalks on southerly Bide of
! Vallejo street, between Stockton and Powell,
where not already laid, 10 cents per square
toot; John Holmes, grading Van Ness avenue,
between Bay and Beach streets, 5 cents per
cubic yard; San Francisco . Paving Company,
granite' curbs on Thirteenth street, between
Church and Sanchez, and the roadway to be
paved with bituminous rock where said work
has not already been done, curb work *1 per
lineal foot, paving WVi cents ocr square foot;
i J R. Blanchard. regrading. macadamizing,
; sew. ring, etc., the city's portion of Andovea
avenue, between Cortland avenue and Kih-it
stre-t, at a cost not to exceed $337 50; G. K. |
Thompson, ten-iuch iron stone pipe sewer, with
manholes and covers, in Vallejo str«t, be
tween Brodertck and Devisadero, private con
tract: Union Paving and Contracting Company,
Oakwood street from Eighteenth southerly to
its southerly termination, private contract;
Real Estate and Development Company, to lay
and maintain a temporary track for grading
purposes from Twentieth and Tennessee streets.
all ng Tennessee and Sixth to Sixth and Hub
bell.
RESOLUTIONS OF ACCEPTANCE.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were passed as follows: Spruce street from
Clay to Sacramento, basalt and bitumen;
Twenty-third street from Folsom to Harrison,
bitumen.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
Extensions of time for the performance of
street work were granted as follows: Property
owners, ninety days on contract to pave Lom
bard Btreet, between Polk and Van Ness ave
nue; Warren & Malley. ninety days on contracts |
j to macadamize, etc., Steiner street, between j
' Chestnut and Francisco, and Pierce street, be
tween Chestnut and Francisco; Fllnn & Treacy,
thirty days on contract to grade, etc., the cross- ;
I Ing of Twenty-sixth and Work streets; Flinn *
Treaty, sixty days on contract to construct a
sewer in Joost, circular and San Jose avenues
and Diamond street, also in their contract to
pave the crossing of Central avenue and Halght
street.
FOH FULL ACCEPTANCE.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the full acceptance of the following street
work: Twenty-third street, from Harrison to
Alabama, bitumen, Fllnn & Treacy, private
contract; Twenty-third street, from Alabama
to Florida, same; Twenty-third-street crossing
I to Florida, same: Twenty-third street, from
I Florida to Bryant, same; Twenty-third street,
from Bryant to York, same: Twenty-third
I street, from York to Hampshire, same; Twen
| ty-thlrd street, from cnissine to York, same;
Twenty-third street, from crossing to Hamp-
Bhire, same; Twenty-third street, from Hamp
shire street to l'otrrro avenue, same; Spruce
street, from Clay to Washington, bitumen.
Pacific Paving Company. private contract;
Liberty street, from Guerrero to Valencia,
bitumen. J. J. Dowling. private contract.
BTKEET GRADES ESTABLISHED.
Resolutions establishing street grades were
adopted as follows: Northerly line of Jarnac
street, at southeasterly line of the right
of way of the Southern Pacific Railroad, at
157 feet; southerly line of Jarnac street, same,
ir.S feet: Jarnac stre.-t, between San Jose ave
nue and the southeasterly line of right of way
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company, to
conform to true gradients between the grades
above described and the present official grade
of San Jose avenue.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
The Superintendent of Streets sent a com
munication to the board recommending the
conditional acceptance of Sixth street, from
Channel to the southeasterly line of Irwln,
paved with basalt blocks by the Union Paving
Company, private contract.
A resolution was adopted rejecting all bids
for the rejjradiiiK of Twenty-fourth avenue,
from A to C streets, and the clerk was directed
to readvertlse for proposals for the samr.
A resolution was passed confirming the con
tract entered into by Mayor Phelan and chair
man Aigeltineer of the Committee on Streets
with Rudolph Hf-ring by which the latter is to
act as consulting engineer in the preparation
Of a fewerage system for San Francisco at a
compensation of $4fHX).
A resolution was passed appropriating $100 to
reimburse C. F. Tolford. /lenry Harms. Wil
liam Van Voss and James Jullen for damages
j sustained by changing the grade of Henry
street, between Sanchez and Noe.
! A resolution was pasßed appropriating $12,000
to purchase a piece of land belonging to the
estate of William B, Carr for the opening and
extension of Twenty-fifth street.
A resolution was passed providing for rais
ing $12,000 In the next tax levy to be used In
purchasing property needed for the opening of
Duncan street, between San Jose avenue and
Valencia street.
CHESS GAMES BY TELEGRAPH.
Clever Players of San Francisco Chess
and Whist Club to Contest With
Seattle Enthusiasts.
' A chess contest by telegraph between
j members of Seattle Chess Club and San
Francisco Chess and Whist Club will be
played this morning at the rooms of the
I latter club, 326 Post street. Six indlvld
| ual games and two consultation games
! will be played. The entries so far deter
; mined upon few the singles are: R. Ken
i drick, A. J. Kuh, Dr. \V. Ft Lovegrove
N. J. Manson and Oscar Samuels.
The representatives of Seattle will be J
N. Babson. Mr. Bagley. Mr. Dickie Mr
Serch and Frank A. Steele. all well known
exponents of chess. The two consultation
I games will be conducted at this end of
the wire by Drs. Marachall and Franklin
E. Yerworth, Mr. Epstein and Mr. Mc-
Leod.
Mr McClure has been selected as Seat
tle's representative In this city.
Ladle, tailor-made suite, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post St.
ALCAZAR ACTORS
GRAPPLE WITH
SHAKESPEARE
Lewis Morrison in
"Hamlet."
SOUTHWELLS IN NEW OPERA
A WONDERFUL WHEELMAN AT
THE OBPHETJM.
Tivoli Revives "The Mascot" — Prize
Offered for the Best Title
to Kelcey's Nfew
Play.
New Hamlets are the vogue now, and
Lewis Morrison started the ball rolling
in the Alcazar last night before a nu
merous and good-natured audience. The
performance was full of hitches and
loss of memory on the part of the play
ers; the green calcium did not cover
Mr. Morrison in the ghost scene and he
muttered, "Turn the light on me," in
fiercely audible tones; the stage hands
made all sorts of unexpected noises be
hind the scenes and broke up several
big episodes; lines were cut and sand
wiched in at the wrong time, and sev
eral of the Alcazar actors were obvious
ly embarrassed by their Shakespearean
stride and wardrobe — but the audience
was good-natured, even respectful, and
received this new enterprise of the
stock company with constant attention
and frequent applause. "Hamlet" is a
guild play and hard to down.
Mr. Morrison comes to the Dane
rather late in life. I am told that he
has been studying the part for twenty
years. Well, he needs a few days more
before his interpretation is listed with
the big ones, but in the meantime his
Hamlet is quite a seeable old gentle
man, full of careful stage business and
good old-fashioned elocution. Miss
Florence Roberts is much to the good
in Ophelia. The unfortunate girl is
made musical, quite human and more
cheerful and plumper than we usually
get her. Clarence Mnntaine will be an
interesting Polonius after a little more
Intimacy with the lines, and Miss Fitz
allen is surprisingly convincing as the
queen. Frank Fanning plays Laertes
with almost comic <*pera enthusiasm,
and Howard Scott is a very tame ghost.
It is hard to take the production too
seriously, but only fair to say that it
will be running easier in a night or
two.
C'rarvd Opera-Hou-c
The first production In San Francisco
of "Princess Nicotine" was heard last
night in the Grand Opera House by a
row! audience, not only in point of num
bers but in Quality as well. The South
well Opera Company have put on the
opera in excellent style so far as scenery,
costumes, orchestra and chorus are con
cerned. In fact the most of the music
in the piece is choral, but what few little
solos there are are sweet and catchy.
The scene is laid in Cuba far enough ago
to warrant romantic Spanish costumes
for the men and fetching ones for the
women, as well as some pretty bits of j
scenery, but "the plot is the weakest part
of tbe production, being strung upon the i
slender thread of a roue, Don Pedro, and
his unwelcome attentions to the pretty
bride of Don Chicos, a wealthy young to
bacco merchant.
William Wolfe as Don Pedro. Thomas
H. Persse as Chicos, Edith Mason as
Rosa and Bertha Rlcci as the wife of
Don Pedro were the leading roles, and
gave satisfaction to an indulgent and
often pleased audience. Several pretty
bits of music, the cigarette song, the good
night and Don Pedro's silvery moon with
his allusion to Mayor Phelan were en
ored again and again.
Despite the poverty of the story and
many familiar strains in the music,
"Princess Nicotine " caught on last night
and the management was wreathed in j
smiles. The chief excellence of the op- i
eretta is in the concerted music, and
that was so good that it atoned for i
whatever shortcomings might have been
apparent. Miss Jeanette Fredericks
made her debut as Nita, the dancing girl,
and made a success in her turn in the
first act.
Orpheum.
While there are but two new acts on
the Orpheum bill this week they are of
the best, and either would do honor to
any vaudeville bill. We have had jugglers
and bicycle riders galore, but now comes
Henri French, who combines the two in
a way that gives one of the most Inter
esting and finished acts the Orpheum has
ever put on. No such trick bicycle rid
ing has been seen in this country as Mr.
French introduces at the finish of his act. ,
His juggling with the firebrand while
speeding around the stage on one wheel
is among the most thrilling finishes ever
seen in a vaudeville act in this city. The '
new comedy of the bill is left to Billy j
Clifford and ' Maude Huth. and while their
sketch is lacking in plot, this defect is
more than counterbalanced by the fine
touches of comedy evolved by Mr. Clif
ford as the Chappie and by Miss Huth
as the up-to-date young woman. The
balance of the bill is from last week,
though Billy Van appears in new stories
and jokes, "some of which he told when
here last year; but for the most part they
are new "and good. Moung Toon and
Moiing Chet are still big features. A spe
cial matinee will be given to-day.
JiVoM
The old favorite comic opera, "The
Mascot," by Edmund Audran, delighted
the patrons of the Tivoli last night. The
"gobble duet" and other numbers were
well rendered and had to be repeated.
Annie Meyers was Bettina, the Mascot;
Anna Lichter, Fiametta; Charlotte Beck
with. Prince Frederic; •Wiliam Pruette,
Pippo; Edwin Stevens, Prince Lorenzo;
Phil Branson, Rocco; William Schuster,
Mateo; Charles W. Swain, the Doctor,
and John P. Wilson, the Sergeant. Annie
Meyers made a sprightly Bettina and
Stevens was very funny as Lorenzo, be
ing ably supported by Phil Branson. Miss
Beckwith had an opportunity to display
her talents as a vocalist and made an ex
cellent impression. She introduced a
song, "In Days of Yore," which she sang
with rare feeling and expression and was
warmly encored.
Columbia
The second week of the Kelcey-Shannon
company presentation of "The Moth and
the Flame" opened at the Columbia last
night. There was a large and fashionable
audience, by which the play was thor
oughly appreciated. Next week an
original comedy in four acts by E. R.
Riggs will be presented. The new play
has "no name, and a prize of $100 is of
fered for the most appropriate title.
J 0
The four Silvinis are making a hit at
the Olympia. As acrobats they are among
the best that have been seen here, while
the Hartwell . sisters are good as- acro
batic dancers. Way and Maitland in coon
songs ■ are a go.
K> Chu —
William . ■": Dodson, ■ a gentleman whose
voice ranges from the lowest bass to the
highest soprano, appeared as a . female
impersonator at the Chutes Free Thea
ter last night and scored a decided hit.
Little Maud Sorrensen changed her spe
cialty, and the rest of the bill was well
received by a large audience. This after
noon there will be a balloon ascension
by Emil Markeberg, and on Thursday
night the amateur minstrel performance
will be repeated.
OV ti n to Blanche Bates
WASHINGTON, May 29. — Blanche
Bates received a magnificent ovation to
night at the close of the third act of "The
Dancing Girl," given by Frawley's com
pany at the Columbia Theater. The au
dience tired itself out applauding Cali
fornia's brilliant young actress. The
curtain was rung up seven times and then
the lady retired behind the scenes, visibly
affected by the ardor of her reception.
Mr. Frawley was called upon for a
speech, and responded by modestly dis
claiming any credit for himself, but said
he was proud of having introduced Miss
Bates, who was a California girl and his
protege. "The Dancing Girl" as given
by the Frawley company to-night is de
clared by competent critics to be one of
the best performances offered here this
season, and superior to the Southern
company's rendition of this play.
CALL AGENT'S SUCCESS.
E. F. Hawkins of Salinas Finds His
Business Rapidly Increasing.
E. F. Hawkins of Salinas, who has for
many years looked after the interests of
The Call at that place, has been forced
to relinquish the agency, owing to his
increasing business interests, which de
mand his entire attention.
Mr. Hawkins is a young man who
might well be termed self-made. He has
worked his way from the bottom of the
ladder, and although he has met with
many reverses, his energy and close ap
plication to business have at last landed
him on the top, and to-day he is one of
the most popular and prosperous mer
chants of the city of Salinas.
SUBSTITUTE TEACHERS
TO RECEIVE SALARIES
A MEASURE OF ECONOMY TO BE
RECOMMENDED.
The Salary Committee of the Board of
Education met last evening and continued
to prepare a schedule of salaries of school
teachers for the ensuing year. The prin
cipal business of the session was the
alteration in compensation of the substi
tute teachers from payment per diem to
a monthly salary. By this action fhe
committee expects to practice economy
to the extent of about $5000 per year.
There are thirty-six day substitutes
and six night substitutes. Last year they
were taken from the salaried roll and
<some have been paid $3 50 per day for as
many days as they have rendered service
in tho schoolroom. Some of the teach
ers profited by this arrangement, but
many of them failed to earn the amount
of salary which existed under the old
regime. Recently a petition was circu
lated among them requesting the board
to re-establish the old system. It met
with some opposition on the part of the
more fortunate substitutes at first, but it
gained a majority of the signatures and
was taken before the committee last
night. In it it was pointed out that such
a change would mean a profit to the city
of $500 • annually, and the committeemen
! passed upon the proposition favorably and
i will so report to the board next Wednes
| day night. Should the board adopt the
! recommendation the payment on salaries
j will commence July 1.
A request was made that the old salary
regime go into effect on the first day of
June, but the petitioners feared that it
might be extended until August 1. The
fact that it will be dated from the first of
an intermediate month is the result of a
compromise.
Some of the salaries of regular teachers
were raised last night, but the ax fell on
none of them. This was the result of an
' effort to equalize on some of the compen
sations which have been previously cut.
Organize a Democratic Club.
An organization to be known as the
j Regular Democratic Club of the Thirty-
I fifth Assembly District was effected last
i night in Fairmount Hall, corner Precita
; and Coso avenues. Ex-District Attorney
IJ. D. Sullivan was elected temi>orary
! chairman and Jefferson Martenet tempo
: rary secretary. The following committee
■ was appointed on permanent organiza
! tion: William Broderick. Dr. Charles E.
j Jones. Gaillard Stoney. D. J. Donovan,
1 James H. Robinson, Walter E. Dorn, M.
:J. Wren, P. J. Silk and M. L. Kelly. A
series of resolutions was adopted highly
■ indorsing his Honor Mayor James D.
I Phelan.
® ©40 ♦ ®>® ♦ ®4®+® ♦ <§*<•>♦<•> ♦ ®*®-f® ♦0+ ®Xs) + ®4® ♦ ®*®>® 404040
I WONDERFUUURES. ]
I From All Parts of California Come Grate- *♦■
| Iful Letters Telling of Cures by Dr. |
I "McLaughlin's Electric Belt. ®
0.( . 0
1 IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. I
~t Whatever the cause, or wherever it lies, Dr. McLaughlin's Electric it
X Belt will follow the course of pains and weaknesses and find the seat of the x
0 trouble. Then it will drive it out of the body for good. Electricity, in 0
its subtle way, strengthens the circulation, adds to the vital force and X
(i) removes the cause of d.ll pains and aches from the body. Dr. McLaugh- ©
® lin's Belt is the most perfect means of applying it. 0
| LATE CURES. 1
* Cured Rheumatism and Weakness. • ~£
V May 20. 1899. <£
T" DR. M: A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Having received so much benefit from your X
y> Belt; I wish to hand you this statement for the purpose of helping others suffering as }£)
■♦- I was, from Rheumatism and Weakness. I am over 74 years of age and have been 4-
® troubled with these complaints over thirty years. I have been cured by your Belt after /y>
.4. two months' use of it, and had tried most everything in existence before I got relief. V
/-. I can truthfully say that I have received a permanent cure. My back Is strong, my X
health better and have improved wonderfully in every way. I consider when your *&
X Belt can cause such a change, that it is worthy of the highest p.rai»e. and I take great X
W pleasure in being able to send you this statement. Very gratefully. ®
4- CAPTAIN J. W. JOHNSTON, Redlands. Cal. +
®. General Weakness Cured. m
© . SIERRA VILLE, Cal., May 15, 1899. . ©
a DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: Since commencing the use of your Belt I have noticed X
fa a gradual Improvement, and can to-day say that lam completely cured and heartier fa
V and stronger than I have been for years; In fact. I feel like a new person, and judging r 7
■♦■ from my experience with your Belt, believe it will do all you claim. I have. advised "♦•
(f) several parties up here to try • your Belt, and they have done so with success. Yours ©
X very truly. ALFRED S. HAMLIN. 4-
® Varlcocele and Weakness Cured. Q
fa " " ' AUBURN, Cal.. May 25. 1899. 'fa
W DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: I have been a sufferer for ten years with Varlcocele VV
"♦" and Weakness. After wearing your Belt for about ten weeks lam pleased to say that ' •
0 the weakness has entirely disappeared and that the Varicose Veins have been reduced .©
X to their natural size. I will always recommend your Belt, and words cannot express •+
0 my gratefulness to you for the benefit I have received. Wishing you all the success /y»
X that I possibly can,. I remain yours very truly, LOUIS FOSCALINA. x
| Cll and See This Belt or Send for Books. |
0 You can learn all about it in ten minutes. It is simple, but grand, fa
4 You can test it and feel its power, and when you understand it you want V
0 it. You will know that at last you have found vigor, health and happl- 2T
4-. ness. If you cannot call, send at once for my free books. "Three Classes x
© of Men," or "Maiden, Wife and Mother." Both are full of candor, full of 0
fof Men," truths, and Wife and Mother." Both are full to-day. full of ¥
nature's truths, and they will help you. Call or write to-day. -i-
®
♦ Tin MA M/>T 011/vUlivk 7C2 Market St.. cor. Kearny. 4.
© JJr. 111. A. luCLailgnlin, :■«*.*•. and cor Spring and Z
4- • O , , » Second Sts.. LosAnJdcs. . X
® Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. 0
x NtiVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. X
© --::\- : 0
®+®>®+ ®+®+®+ 0+0+ 040404- o+o+o4 04040 +®Xs»®+®+®+®4<s>+<i)
CAPTAIN NEALL
SENTENCED TO
BE DISMISSED
Court- Martial Found
Him Guilty.
PRESIDENT MAY INTERFERE
GENERAL SHAFTER'S URGENT
APPEAL FOR THE OFFICER.
John W. Mackay Has Gon« to Wash
ington to See McKinley and Ask
for a Pardon for Cap
tain Neall.
The court-martial which recently tried
Captain John M. Neall of the Fourth Cav
alry found him guilty of a sufficient num
ber of the charges preferred against him
to sentence him to be dismissed tha
service. A special to The Call last night
from Washington stated that the find
ings of the court had been received at
the office of the judge advocate general
of the army, and that the sentence wai
dismissal from the army. The case will
be laid before the President this week for
his action, but it Is not thought that he
will interfere.
The findings of the court-martial were
i forwarded to Washington last week by
| General Shafter. After the trial the find
; ings were laid before General Shafter by
i Judge Advocate Noble. Inasmuch as the
sentence of the court was dismissal, Gen-
I eral Shafter was powerless to act, tha
case being beyond his power. He, how
ever, submitted it to the judge advocate of
the department for an opinion, who re
| ported that there was no flaw to be found
!in the proceedings. General Shafter then
I forwarded the findings with the recom
i mendation for executive clemency. In
! fact, General Shafter made a most urg
| ent appeal for leniency' in the case. He
suggested, in view of the excellent record,
of Captain Neall in the past, his unques
tioned ability and th<r fact that his regi
ment was under orders to go to the Phil
ippines, where such- an officer would be of
the greatest benefit to the service, that
I the findings of the court be set aside and
| Captain Neall restored to duty.
i There is yet a chance for Captain Neall
to escape the sentence of the court, and
it is known that the strongest Influence
will be brought to bear upon the Presi
dent to-morrow by his friends for clem
ency in the case. John W. Mackay, tha
capitalist, who has all along been a friend
of Captain Neall's, and who has used his
I influence in his behalf, when he learned
that the findings of the court had been
forwarded to Washington, left immedi
ately for that city to see the President
|in behalf of the officer. When he went
! it was given out thac he was going to
New York, and only his most intimate
i friends knew of his destination. As Troop
I B, of which Neall is the captain, leaves
! in about ten days for the Philippines, tha
i action of the President will probably be
I made known the last of this week.
Neall's friends are of the opinion that
Mr. Mackay may be able to save him, and
they arf- anxiously awaiting the outcome
of his efforts.
Held Without Bail.
N. M. Larsen, who threw a cuspidor at
John C. Kenney in the Acme Lodging
iiouse on Market street, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday, and as the po
lice stated that Kenney might die tha
Judge ordered Larsen into custody with
out bail till the result of Kennev's inju
ries were known. George Ford, the sailor
who gave the old man. Martin Jackson, a
terrible beating Sunday morning at 904
Kearny street, also appeared before tha
Judge and his bail was Increased to $3000,
as Jackson's injuries are looked upon as
serious.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
56
TUESDAY MAY 30, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*-. S. F
Telephone Main 1S«.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Str»e»
Telephone Main 1874.
DELTVKRETD BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PSJB WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cent*.
Terms by Mk.il. Including Poetagw:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year #8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 8 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), » month* 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month _ «5o
SUNDAY CALL One Y"ar.. - l-OO
WEEKLY CALL. One Y.-ar LOO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will b« forwardsd when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE .... v 903 Broadway '
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C GEO KROGNESS. Advertising Representative
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE WolHnftton Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE JWarquette Bonding
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advortfetng Repr©«errtativ«.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 38? Hayes street. open until
S:3C o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 oclocK
-1941 Mission street open until 10 o'clock 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth and the Flame."
Grand Oenra House— ' 'The Princess Nicotine."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Hamlet."
TivoH— "The Mascot."
.Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evenirjg.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Putro Baths— Swimming Rare?, etc.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
C,!en Park— Balloon AscenaJon To-day.
California —"The Brownies in Fairyland," Thursday even-
Ing. June 1.
California — Italian Opera, Monday Evening. June 5.
AUCTION SALES.
By William a. .Lam*— Wednesday, May 31, Horses, at 721
Howard rtreet.
By Baaton, EMrldari* ft Co.— Thursday, June 1. at 10:30 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m.. Turkish Rues, at 125 Geary street.
By EiUtOTi. F.ldrfdp* & Co.— Tuesday, June S. at l! o'clock.
Real 'Estate, at «3S Market street. __^ _
THE CUBAN SITUATION
"nr-HF. Evening Post of Saturday said: •"The ( uhan
patriot, now offering himself on the bargain
* counter of the nation-, may lie regarded as a
rheap remnant of damaged goods. If *c refuse to
purchase him with the proviso that he may retain Ins
Mausers he will put himself up for sale to the
bidder. If our pretense of delivering this
ful cur from a deserved oppression had been
sincere wo would now have daily accumulating cause
[or n-^rrt and constantly increasing reason to feel
Our ultimate intention to an
■ the United States is all that palliate- our
apparent solicitude for the cause of humanity that
■ r than the Zulu and a gra-ie or two
r to the bobtailed ape of the Spanish main.
If the power to be surprised is nut lost '<> the Amer
ican people, such talk as that must call it into imme
tion It i- tin- expression of a deliberate
• 1 long, 'o prepare this country
iolation of its plighted faith and solemn
'vernment took ample means, long
hfnre the Spanish war. to inform itself as to the
renditions in Cuba. After report > of these investiga
tions were befpre the country they were summed up
in both branches of our Congress, which
to make the sacrifice required by
:.n altruistic war.
In the House one s-peaker said: "The sturdy Cuban
are battling for that glorious birthright of
man, the greatest blessing known on earth, inde
rnment." Another said: "Let
to it that there shall be no more bloodshed
-:-t in the spirit of the highest patriotism in
: uration <>' the new republic of Cuba.' Sen
ator Cannon said: "Cuba has bought her freedom
with her blond."' Senator Mason said: "I will just
read a short extract from that distinguished scoundrel
with an itching palm, by the name of Christopher
Perez, as he wrote to Arangup n, be^eing him tn ac
• bribes of Blanco and offering as a reason
the United States was lying low to steal the
island of Cuba. Says this distinguished scoundrel:
'No nation does favors without value received, and
if we allow ourselves to be protected it will be at the
our independence. We should not be de
ceived. The Yankees will absorb us. and this inde
pendence for which much blood lias been shed we
would be compelled to reconquer against a country
of 70.000.000 people." We will show to the world that
■ itement is false, that we are not seeking land,
that we are not seeking power. Rut in the close of
the nineteenth century the nations of the world will
see us as we do to Cuba what the Good Samaritan
did. bind up her wounds, feed her people and clothe
them; and the nations of the world will say at last, in
the beginning of the new century. 'There is one nation
king conquest, not seeking power, but one fol
lowing the Nazarene thai ha- learned the sublime
thousrht. bear ye one another's burdens.' "
Going hack to one year ago every reader knows
that Senator Mason ottered the sentiments of the
people of this country Tie voiced their purpose in
supporting the declaration of war. Rut a few months
•ne by since then and the imperialists and their
are publishing to the world that in all this we
were insincere, that it was all a pretense, that our
solicitude for the cause of humanity was assumed lor
the purpose of stealing Cuba!
If this i>e true, if the inconsistencies, the naggings,
the uses of arbitrary power in Cuba <>n our part, now
of daily occurrence, are in pursuance of a design held
from the beginning to take that island, we are amply
rig th< prophecy of Perez. We are deliberately
abandoning the part of the Good Samaritan and are
preparing to take our place with the thieves among
whom a certain man fell while journeying from Jeru
salem to Jericho, who robbed him and gave him the
wounds which the Samaritan soothed with wine and
oil.
As the solemn declarations made in Congress. last
year and the expressions of the President- message
r.re r. called we believe the people will return to th<
mood they were in last year, when they were ready to
spend and be spent for Cuban self government. We
cannot believe that Americans will ever take upon
them the shame of admitting that they delivered the
Cubans from the "deserved oppression" o-f Spain, not
c of our Christian love of humanity, but to
gratify our vulgar greed.
Rabbi Farber of Stockton says that a contemplation
and worship of the "Great I Am" usually has a hum
b'ing effect The reverend gentleman has probably
never met Governor .Gage.
MEMORIAL DAY.
\A EMORIAL day is the expression of the im
/ \ perishable influence of patriotism under free
institutions and of the survival in the Ameri
can heart of those tender feelings which are among
the finest products of advanced civilization. The
form in which this mnniiestation of fraternal love for
the dead heroes of the republic is conveyed is ex
quisite in its conception and deeply suggestive in its
symbolism. That more than seventy millions of
I people should pause in the midst of their teeming
business activities, their political controversies, their
: mental competitions and their moral agitations, and
in gentle tranquillity, at home and abroad, distribute
I the benison of flowers over the ashes of the unfor
gotten warriors of their own blood who died that
their country might live, is a fact that transfuses
pessimism with the warmth and with the beauty of
j optimistic dreams.
The classical mold of this pathetic recognition of
! gratitude as among the first of human virtues is the
i artistic feature of the day. But the American soul
; thrills and glows with sentiments that were unknown
to the Greeks, and in the delicate stems, the quivering
leaves and the braided loveliness that profusely em
bellish the repositories of their treasured dust, reads
1 the symbols of individualized immortality. And as,
: over the whole length and breadth of our consecrated
land, the music of the human voice attests the un
dying national memory and translates the national
offering into breathing thoughts, expressed in touch
■ ing words, citizenship is rchaptized into the saving
i faith of unpolluted and regenerating Americanism.
Our dead soldiers have bound us to our national in
stitutions by every tie of principle and of honor. The
revolutionary martyr- were the apostles of the Declar
ation of Independence and of our federated Govern
ment The war of 1812 cemented our nationality upon
the land and upon the sea. The decisive struggle
with Mexico perfected the symmetry of the republic
! and secured to the world the future center of pro-
I gressive humanity. The Civil War removed our last
I constitutional inconsistency, clothed our political
i union with immortal colors and out of its transitory
I horrors evolved the extirpation of sectional discords
' and the completed unity of our diversified population.
| The war with Spain originated in a sentiment and will
' not end in a revolution. It has proved that there has
been no decadence in American manhood and has
taught the world the irresistible power of a Govern
; ment founded upon the sovereignty of man and stand
i ing for the exaltation of humanity.
Rightly interpreted. Memorial day is unique among
onal holidays. It is a warning to the effete des
potisms of the globe and an inspiration to ourselves.
Every man whose memory we celebrate was a free
citizen and not a subject or a mercenary. He had the
same inalienabh rights, the same inheritance of lib
erty, the same equality of opportunity that we possess
and enjoy. His dying eyes gazed upon the same
glorious flag that to-day spreads its stars and its
stripes in forty-five autonomous States, in our con- j
tinental territory, in the Antilles, in the Philippines, j
wherever an American vessel plows the deep or an
American uniform glitters upon the land. And. not
withstanding our temporary disturbances, that flag
has not been soiled by foul contact with despotism.
but represents alike the patriotism of the dead and of
the living and the unbroken continuity of our con
stitutional union, upon its ancient and its accepted
foundations.
IMPERIALISTIC TWINS.
TWO publications in the press of Friday last,
though referring to different incidents that trans
pired in localities seven thousand miles apart,
.-ire deeply significant of the imperialistic tendencies of
the day and of the practical effect they have already
produced upon our republican system of government
At Wardner, Edaho, a large number, of men claim
ing to belong to a miners' union destroyed property
and committed other acts of violence. The use of all
the power necessary to restore law and order and to
arrest persons who had been guilty of overt criminal
acts was promptly supported by the people and by the
reputable press of the United States. When, however,
martial law was unnecessarily declared by the Gov-.
ernor of Idaho hacked by a military force under Gen
eral Merriam, when a censorship over local news
papers was established and when, without color of
constitutional or legislative authority, the employ-
I ment of members of the miners' union was prohibited
i and, in individual cases of applications for work, a
military indorsement exacted, it was felt that even
Russia in its destruction of Finnish autonomy had ex
erted no more despotic authority and force.
Now it appears that the publication of the Mullan
Mirror, presumptively an organ of the miners, has
been suspended and its editor arrested on a charge of
sedition. It is very 'likely, that the paper has contained
indiscreet or even inflammatory articles, of the nature
and extent of which we have no information. But in
that locality the military power is dominant and suffi
cient to enforce tranquillity and the supremacy of the
law without the adoption of imperialistic methods.
Interference, therefore, with the liberty of the press,
for the abuse of which ample remedies exist through
the ordinary tribunals is a distinct evidence of the
growth of militarism and of its violent opposition to
constitutional safeguards for personal rights and for
individual liberty. When the Civil War was raging
the people would .not patientlyendure the assertion of
military authority in districts not within the lines of
actual hostilities, and Mr. Lincoln was most careful
' to insist upon the conservation of our fundamental
law as the vitalizing principle of the Union.
In a letter signed by one of the California volun
teers, well known. in San Francisco, and which is by
no means the fir-t of its kind, referring to the capture
of bolomen or raiding parties of mountain robbers on
Xegros Island, the writer says that the troops "turned
thr prisoners over to the native police, who, after
lining them up, filled the men with lead, making good
Filipinos of them."
It is altogether likely that this mode of speedily
transferring the natives of the Philippines to those
' blessed regions where terrestrial imperialism does not
exist, is justified by Spanish and also by Filipino pre
cedents. Among American citizens, however, who re
tain some faith in their Declaration of Independence
and in their national institutions, and who have an
actual comprehension of the meaning of the fraternity
of men under a divine sovereignty, the enfranchising
and civilizing virtues of assassination will be ques
tioned. Negros island is and has been under an
American administration, provisional in its nature.
There is no reason to doubt that the event described
in our quotation actually transpired. But it cannot be
believed that the unceremonious execution by the na
tive police, without even the rapid proceedirig of a
drumhead courtmartial, was sanctioned by the military
Governor of the island, who exercises civil functions,
or that it will fail to meet stern condemnation, prob
ably on the spot where it occurred, but certainly in
American communities, satisfied with their own re
j public and not ambitious to follow the imperialistic
I example of Great Britain.
No phrase has been more frequenutly repeated than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 30, 1899.
that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." The
incidents upon which we have commented, one in an
American State and the other in a proposed American
dependency, suggest the necessity of rigid adherence
to the admonition and of effective resistance to every
departure from our political system, no matter under
what pretext it may be extenuated.
THE INCREASE OF IMMIGRATION.
SINCE the revival of prosperity following the en
actment of the present protective tariff the
United States have once more become attrac
tive to the unemployed of Europe, and as a conse
quence there has been so large an increase of im
migration as to reawaken in the East the popular de
mand for a more adequate restriction than now pre
vails.
The evil effects of unrestricted immigration upon
the labor market have long been felt throughout all
parts of the East north of the Ohio River. In some
industries, particularly in that of coal mining, the
lower grade of foreign labor has almost completely
supplanted American labor, and for years past vigor
ous efforts have been made to devise some means of
protecting the workingmen of the country from that
form of alien competition.
The problem is one which has been perplexing to
statesmen, and up to this time no adequate solution
of it has been found. It is conceded that an indis
criminate restriction is not desirable. The United
States owe much of their .prosperity to the sturdy im
migrants who have helped to clear its forests, build
up its cities and develop and advance its artistic in
dustries. On the other hand there has been a large
class of immigrants whose coming has been more
hurtful than beneficial to the republic. The point
at issue, therefore,' is to devise some means whereby
the good may be admitted and the evil rejected.
Something has been done in that direction already,
but it is not enough, as the present increase of im
migration shows.
There is, however, something more than the com
plexity of the problem that causes delay in Congress.
The great ocean steamship companies that ply be
tween the United States and Europe make a large
profit out of the hordes of immigrants that come into
the country, and it* is to their interest to have them
admitted with as few restrictions as possible. These
companies maintain a strong lobby at Washington,
and have had much to do with the delay of Congress
in passing either of the more stringent restriction
bills that have at various times been submitted to its
consideration.
The evil is more acutely felt in the more populous
States of the East than anywhere else. Very few
immigrants, even from Southern Europe, settle in the
Southern States, owing, doubtless to the presence
of the negroes. Most of them congregate in the big
cities and have reproduced there something like the
conditions which prevail in the slums of the great
I capitals of the Old World. That fact renders the
' evil of unrestricted immigration more pernicious than
I it would be otherwise and adds strength to the argu
ments of those who demand that something shall be
done at the coming session of Congress to impose
restrictions sufficient to protect our workingmen from
; a degrading competition and our cities from the men
j ace of what may become a dangerous mob.
THE CARRYING TRADE.
SOME time ago Sir Robert Giffen read before
the Royal Statistical Society an essay of the ex
cess of imports over exports in British trade of
recent years, which, owing to the eminence of the
author, attracted a good deal of attention. A full re
port of the paper, which was quite elaborate, has just
been received by the Treasury Bureau of Statistics at
Washington, and from a digest which has been given
out it appears to be almost as interesting to Americans
as to the British, for whom it was intended.
The paper, of course, deals with British trade, and
only incidentally refers to that of the United States.
One of the points of interest, however, is Sir Robert's
explanation of how Great Britain manages to carry
such a large excess of imports from this country over
what she exports to it. On that point the speaker
said:
."There are obvious reasons why the United States
should have an excess of exports. In the first place,
the United States has to pay in its exports for the
share of the- carriage of goods in its foreign trade
which is performed by foreign ships. This is
a very large figure. In recent years the propor
tion of the imports and exports of the United States
carried in foreign ships has ranged between 75 and
80 per cent. *o that the United States is a country
which has to pay other nations for the carriage of its
goods in the foreign trade. It may be mentioned, by
the way. that the foreign country which does the
carrying trade for the United States is mainly the
United Kingdom, and in this difference between the
two co-untries accordingly we have, pro tanto, an ex
planation of the excess of imports in the case of the
United Kingdom, and of the excess of exports in the
case of the United States."
. The United States has not had to wait for Sir Rob
ert Giffen to explain how great is the cost of leaving
the carrying trade to foreign nations. His words are,
therefore, of importance only because they give em
phasis to what has been so often stated in this country
by all who have given any study to the subject. The
payments which we make to Great Britain and to
Continental Europe constitute an immense drain upon
the profits we derive from our exports, and means
that much of a loss to our people.
There is but one remedy for the evil. If Congress
will provide legislation which will put American ships
on something like equal terms with the subsidized
merchant marine of the great nations of Europe, we
will soon carry our trade in our own vessels under our
own flag and save to our people the money they now
expend to pay for the service of foreign ships. Such
legislation has long been demanded and ought to be
provided at the coming session of Congress.
Rear Admiral Schley declares that it was worth all
the blond and money lost in the Spanish war to learn
our own power and to teach it to others. It may be
?n interesting coincidence that his imperial Majesty,
Emperor William,, asked solicitously the other day
after the health of "Fighting Bob" Evans.
Paderewski's newly wedded wife is said to possess
the remarkable faculty of looking beautiful and ugly
by turns. A lady so strangely endowed certainly
should have retained the ability of dropping one of
the turns or of warning an admirer when the other
was due.
Latest reports from Europe indicate that Dreyfus
is at last to leave Devils Island for a new trial in
France. If his dreadful prison has been rightly
named he ought to make it reasonably warm for those
of his accusers that still retain the pleasure of living.
Cyclones, tornadoes, thunder, lightning, hail and
rain are sweeping with devastating power through
death-laden districts of South Dakota, Nebraska,
lowa, Missouri and Michigan. And we are still
grumbling at the clerk of the Western weather.
DECLARES HIS
STATEMENTS
WERE GARBLED
General Merriam So
Reports to Shafter.
THE SITUATION AT WARDNER
SAYS THE LAWBREAKERS WERE
MOSTLY FOREIGNERS.
A Serious State of Affairs Prevails
Among the Miners, Who Are
in Dread of Their
Lives.
Brigadier General H. C. Merrlam. who
recently left Wardner, [daho, to return
to his rommanrt of the Department of
Colorado, arrived in the city yesterday
morning. He rame for the purpose of
making his report to General Shatter in
person. "Wardner is in General Shafter's
department, hut as General Merriam was
ordered there with troops drawn from
both departments, it was necessary for
him to report to General Shafter. The
two officers met at department headquar
ters ahout noon and were closeted for
over an hour. General Merriam when
seen refused to discuss the situation at
Wardner, except to say that military law
was still in operation there. He, how
ever, declared that he had been grossly
misrepresented by the press dispatches
that had been Font out as to what he
had said in connection with the Miners'
I'nion. He stated that what he did say
had been garbled and twisted so that his
true .statements had never been made
public.
General Merriam says the statement
that the miners are Americans is incor
rect: on the contrary the major portion
<~>f them are foreigners. He pays that he
was ordered to Wardner to do a certain
duty, and that he did it. and that he did I
not ustj any expressions deserving cen
sure.
"When I left," said he, "there were 330 i
prisoners still in confinement, but this
number is being reduced every day as ]
the investigation being conducted by the j
civil authorities progresses and non
! participants In the late trouble are al
| lowed to go.
"On the surface everything was quiet
i and apparently good feeling reigned
I again, although at the bottom T know
the old feeling is smoldering and only
: force of arms prevents it breaking out.
The prisoners are not military pris
oners, but were taken by the civil au
thorities. The military went in to the
district simply to maintain the ppace and
make it possible for thr> civil authorities
to make their arrests without the proba
bility of bring molestfd or murdered
while they wore doing it."
As to the reason for his short stay in '
this city. General Merriam said: "The
Ooeur d'Alene is in the Department of
the <'olumb'a and consequently under
General Shafter's command. I really
have nothing to do with it. I have come
to this city to turn the command over
to General Shafter and acquaint him with
the conditions he will have to mept. As
to those conditions or the probable out
come of the whole affair I am not at lib
erty to speak."
CHILDREN ALLOWED
TO SING IN PUBLIC
CRUSADE AGAINST THEATRICAL
MANAGERS FIZZLES OUT.
Judge Graham and Acting Police
Judge Groezinger Object to
a Discriminatory Law.
The crusade of the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
against proprietors of places of amuse
ment for allowing children to sing and
fiance has met with an inglorious end, at
-UOD 9JB SaOTJld 941 JO oa\i SB JBJ SB }Sl?e[
cerned.
John Morfisey, manager of the Or
pheum. and Mrs. Lund were charged in
Acting Police Judge Groezinger's court
yesterday with permitting La Petite
Lund to perform on the Orpheum stage.
Attorney Ackerman appeared for the de.
fendants and pointed out that a child;
could sing and dance for a church fes
tival but could not sing and dance for her
parents' benefit, which showed that the
law was discriminatory and. unconstitu
tional. He contended that It must be
shown by the prosecution that the sing
ing and dancing by the child was In
jurious to her physical condition.
Officer M (Murray, who is attached to
the society, testified that ho could not
say if the child's physical condition was
injured by singing and dancing, and
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter was put
on the stand and asked", "Is there any
difference in the physical condition of a
child Kinging and dancing at a church fes
tival and singing and dancing at the Or
pheum?" He promptly replied, "I cannot
say."
After the defendant Morrisey testified
In answer to the same question that the
only difference, was the child was paid
at the Orpheum, the Judge dismissed the
case.
In Judge Graham's court Mrs. Addle
Sorenson was charged with allowing her
daughter, Maud, to sing and dance at
the Chutes, and the Judge dismissed the
case.
The Tlvoli cases In connection with the
boy. Arnold Glazer, and the girl, Hester
Callihan. were called in Judge Mogan's
court, but were continued until Thursday
by consent. The decision will no doubt be
I the same as In the other cases.
ALL PROFESSORS WILL
RECEIVE THEIR MONEY
REGENTS DECIDE HOW CHECKS
SHALL BE SIGNED.
Martin Kellogg Re-elected ' President
of the University for a Term
Ending June 30 Next.
The Board of Repents at a ppf>rj ;i l meet
ing yesterday forenoon re-elected Martin
Kellogg president of the State Univer
sity for a term ending June 30 next. May
15 was the end of the academic year, and
at that time the resignation of the presi
dent took effect. As the president of the
Board of Regents, Governor Gage, was
not in the city, and as the university had
no president, the regents could find no
one with authority to sign checks; hence
it was tedded to temporarily fill the va
cancy in the office of president of the uni
versity.
Formerly it was the custom of the
Governor of California to sign all de
mands on the treasurer of the university
but there was a departure from this or
! der of things during the administration
of Governor Budd. On account of sick
ness he was compelled to remain away
from the city for several weeks, and dur
ing his absence chicks were signed by
President Kellogg. Lawyers on the board
doubted whether the Governor or the re
gents had any right to deli crate the power
to the president to sign demands on the
treasury, but the business men of the
i board saw nothing amiss in the transac
tion. Regents Wallace and Foote now
maintain that the power to sign checks
is the prerogative of Governor Gage, and
that the regents cannot lawfully vest the
president of the university -with that au
thority.
It was resolved at the meeting yesteroay
that the president of the board. Governor
Gage, should be asked to sign the checks
The checks for payment of salaries ana
the other expenses of the institution at
Berkeley are not drawn directly on the
Treasurer of the State of California. The
money is drawn from the State in large
installments and transferred to Louis
Sloss treasurer of the university. The
checks under discussion at the meeting
yesterday are those authorizing Louis
Sloss to "pay out money belonging to the
university. ..
About two years ago the regents paid
a lawyer of this city $2400 for lobbying at
Sacramento. In a clerical capacity Gov
ernor Budd signed the check, which was
paid by the treasurer of the university.
The transaction did not come under the
observation of the State Board of Exam
iners or the State Controller.
The regents yesterday fixed the salary
of President Kellogg at $500 a month.
I.ids for the construction of the uil
merdlng School building will be opened
at Berkeley next Friday at noon.
The indications are that the regents, at
the next regular meeting of the hoard,
will elect Dr. Wheeler of Cornell College
president of the university to succeed
Martin Kellogg.
PENNSYLVANIA WANTS
CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS
AGENT OF THE PHILADELPHIA
EXPOSITION HERE.
Seeking Exhibits From the Fruit
Growers and Wine Makers
of the State.
An effort is being made to have Cali
fornia well represented at the exposition
to be given in Philadelphia next Septem
ber. The exposition is known as the Na
tional Export Exposition and it will be
given under the auspices of the Philadel
phia Commercial Museum and the Frank
lin Institute. The object is to show as
complete and comprehensive a list as pos
sible of the exports of the United States,
and it is desired that the products of this
State be particularly well represented.
The exposition management has sent a
representative to California and for the
next month he will aecure material for a
creditable Californian exhibit. Their rep
resentative is J. M. Slauffer of Philadel
phia, who for many years has dealt in
California fruits in the Eastern markets.
Mr. Stauffer has made himself known to
the Chamber of Commerce and the State
Board of Trade and has secured the in
dorsement and the co-operation of those
berlles. He is prepared to sign contracts
for space in the exposition buildings and
to make all arrangements with intending
exhibitors.
"Our exposition," he said yesterday.
"has received the sanction of the Wash
ington Government to the extent of an
appropriation of $350,000; the State of
Pennsylvania has subscribed 1200.000 more
I and the city of Philadelphia about $250.
--] or>o— in all a total of about JSOO.OOO. We
j will open an exposition that will attract
people from all over the world and we are
very anxious that California's food prod- :
ucts should be a conspicuous feature. :
There has been set aside a large section
of thp principal building for expected Cali
fornia exhibits and we are sure it will be
i filled. I will remain here in San Fran
! Cisco for two or three weeks and then
I will go to San Jose. Fresno and Los
Angeles. By that time I expect to have
completed satisfactory arrangements and
I will return.
"Space is to be had for $1 a square
foot, no single allotment to be less than
five by ten feet or fifty square feet. The
exposition will furnish light and heat and
the services of janitors. There is not j
much time left for intending exhibitors to :
secure space unless they Immediately be- ■
gin the work of preparation. It will be.
necessary for all shipments to be ready j
by the first week in August, leaving a lit
tle over a month for them to reach Phil
adelphia and be put in place.
"What we particularly want is a fine
display of fresh and dried fruits. Such
an exhibit would be of immense value to
the State, and its effect on the dried fruit
trade would be seen ;it once."
In connection with this dried fruit ex
hibit it has been suggested that a plan,
tried with the most gratifying success in
the Hamburg exposition, be tried in Phil
adelphia. This was to have a practical
demonstration of the value of dried fruits
by preparing them for the table before the
spectators and then to serve 'he palatable
dish to whoever desired to sample it.
California wines are also wanted by the
exposition and California canned fruits.
Mr. Stauffer will communicate with the
growers, wine makers and canners, call- j
ing their attention to the exposition and
ir. forming them of the chance to secure
space. He has made his headquarters
at the Runs House, where he will be dur
ing his stay in this city.
The exposition will open September 14
and remain open for three months.
NOT ONE, BUT SEVERAL.
Editor Call: The article recently pub
lish.' 1 , in your paper entitled "Our One
\\Y;tk Spot," in reference to the judiciary,
is, in the opinion of the writer, an under
estimate. The truth. is. there are several
others in our political system in addition
to the above, namely, abject submission
to boss rule and the vitiated state of af
fairs which permits and perpetuates the
same: political parasites who fatten off
the public crib and what they purloin:
wis. in our own conceits, in a political
B< use: absurd ideas regarding our stand
ard of civilization; slipshod methods in
municipal affairs; and the apparent re
luctance to improve them by patterning
nfter other well-regulated communities;
the defiance of law and authority by the
irrepressible, inseparable . and fiendish
mob; the existence of a hungry and un
scrupulous army of office-seekers; the
utration of capital and formation of
gigantic trusts for the benefit of the few
to the injury of the many and the power
of the "pull and the "push," etc.
That we are a great nation, however,
must be admitted, even with these de
fects—great in territory, great in re
sources, great in power, but with a great
deal yet to learn. P. MOORE.
THE VALLEJO WHARF.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I notice
In Siyiday's Call an item stating that
Judge P.r.ckles had decided in favor of
the city of Vallejo In the suit brought
against it by the Vallejo Ferry Company
to enjoin the city from letting a contract
to construct a wharf. Your correspond
ent is mistaken. The Judge decided In
favor of the Ferry Company. In his opin
ion, which I have before me. he holds the
wharf as proposed will interfere with the
ferry, and enjoins the city from construct
ing it as planned, or any wharf project
ing south of a certain line, which line is
135 feet north of the proposed wharf In
short, he holds that the city cannot build
a wharf to interfere with the ferry The
general right of the city to construct a
wharf at the foot of Virginia street was
not involved in the case or decided by
the Judge. It is involved in another case
now pending In that court, but that case
has not yet been decided. Very respect
fully, F. W. HALL.
Attorney for Vallejo Ferry Company.
San Francisco. May 29.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ROAD TAX— J. R.. Fort Brag*. Cal.
Thfro Is nothing in the general laws of
California that exempts an honorably
discharged soldier from road tax.
SUNDAY PAPER-J. L. L... Oakland,
Oal. This department is unable to find
any record of any Sunday newspaper
having been published in the city of Lon
don, England, prior to April 9, 1599.
THE EMMA MINE- C. A. S., Fresno.
Cal. In 1569 J. B. Woodman sunk a shaft
below tlu> North Star mine in the Little
Cottonwood district. Utah, and followed
indications of ore until ho suddenly
opened into the immense deposit which
subsequently became known as the Emma
mine. This department has not been able
to learn that "the locator put up a large
amount of money in a Salt Lake bank for
some one for telling where it was."
WHO WROTE. IT— A. M., City. "The
True Measure of Life," also printed under
the title of "The End of Life," in which
occur the lines:
"We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts,
not breaths;
In feelings, not in figures on a dial;"
was written by Philip James Bailey, who
was born In Basford, England, ISI6. The
lines appear in his poem, "Festus"; scene,
a country town. ,
A DANGEROUS
COUNTERFEIT
IN CIRCULATION
Most Perfect Coin o1
Its Kind.
EVEN EXPERTS ARE DECEIVED
MEXICAN DOLLARS ARE BEING
TRANSFORMED.
I Banks Are the Chief Sufferers— Coun
try Is Flooded With Large
Quantities of the Bogus
Money.
The most dangerous counterfeit p.-pj
put nn the money m both
| ering the ■-• y
j months and they tacitly confess I
; selves powerli ss to fen
j who produce thf coin. It is that
dollar and has i : ■ b •■ i
hanking circles as the "count*
can." It is not a bogus M xi
can dollar, but the term
fles that a good Mexican
has been transformed into an Ami
dollar by some process unknown
to the counterfeiters, and h.i -
so perfectly as to deceive even th.
expert.
The banks are becoming alarmed at th«
great quantities of the- bogus coins
i pass through their channels. They have
| awakened to the realization of tj
[ that the country Is simply flooded
the dangerous counterfeit and are I
opinion that some decided stops
[ be taken by the United Steates au
j ties to discover the guilty parties.
The bogus coin has the true rin
correct weight, hut a (dose inspectioi
< closes a few slight Imperfections hard
! visible to the naked eye. They bear t),
■ years lfcRS. IK<H. 1898 and 1899 in "figures not
ias broad as the genuine. The wreat!
i around the eagle is somewhat broken and
j the nose on the head of Liberty.is not as
I sharply defined. Again, the coin is not
j perfectly centered— that is. the eagle and
i the head pn the reverse Bide are out ol
i plumb. But all these imperfections can
| not be noted without the use of a micro,
scope. The color might be said to t..
\ slightly "off." but not more so than many
of the genuine coins.
Cashier Thomas Burns states that the
coins have been coming into the Sub-
Treasury for nearly a year past. Every
day the counterfeits are received and
turned over to Secret Service Agent
Browne. The latter refused to talk aBo til
the subject and manifested entire igno
rance when asked about it.
It Is a fact, however, that enormous
quantities of the coins are in circulation
and that the United States Government
does not recognize the fact of their hems
mrfde of the pure metal. That they ar>
not minted legitimately is sufficient cause
for their confiscation and destruction.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rev. J. O. Lincoln of San Mateo is stop
ping nt the Occidental.
L. E. Doan, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
E. L. Barker, a well-known merchant
of Oakdale, is spending a few days in this
city.
General Shafter has returned from
Bakersfield quite recovered from his re
cent attack of fever.
State Senator William M. Cutter ar
rived yesterday from Marysville and is
registered at the Grand.
W. P. Hussy of Indianapolis, who hnrf
immense timber interests in Washington
and Oregon, is registered at the Grand.
C. W. Maze and wife of Modesto are
guests at the Grand. Mr. Maze is a prom
inent mtrchant of the valley town.
Lord Douglas Compton of London, an
officer of the Ninth Lancers, arrived yes
terday from Hongkong and is among tho |
i guests at the Palace.
Count Alex Pavalo, Russian Consul at
I Korea, arrived yesterday at the Palace.
I He was among the passengers on the
China.
Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. yon Win
nig of Berlin arrived on the overland yes
terday from New York and are at the
Palace.
Mrs. Henry CJribble, Mrs. Herbert Brady
and Master Brady of Shanghai, China, ar
rived on the China yesterday and are reg
istered at the Palace.
Mrs. R. E. Ewan and Miss Mabel Ewan
of Paris and M. I). Currie of London are
guests at the Palace Hotel. They expect
to tour the State before leaving for the
Orient.
A Woworsky and wife of Berlin. Ger
many, were among yesterday's arrivals
on the China. They have been on a tour
of the world and will travel extensively
over the United Stat> .=.
Lord and Lady I'dny of Calcutta, India,
were among- the arrivals on the China
yesterday and nre on r'"ife to Entrland.
Lord T'dny has. represented the home gov
ernment in the civil service of India for
nearly twenty-five years and has lately
retired.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May 29.— D. McClees of
San Francisco is at 'the Grand. Robert
Bruce and family of San Francisco are at
the Manhattan; Louis Stern and wife,
William L. Weil, Miss Alice Weil. L.
Weil of San Francisco are at the Savoy.
J. W. Cramer of San Jose is at the Cos
mopolitan.
» ♦ »
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's^V
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Foresters Reunion.
The several courts of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters, circles of the Compan
ions of the r orest and junior courts will
have a grand memorial at Schuetzen Park
to-day.
A Work of Art.
| The new book, "Wonderland." just issued by
> the Northern Pacific Railway Company, Is tha
j prettiest publication issued by any railway
I company this year. It Is full of beautiful half
i tone Illustrations, and contains besides a well
written description of a trip taken over this
finely equipped line, including a tour through
! the wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in
stamps and it will be mailed to you. T. K.
j Stateler. Gen. Agt., 63S Market St.. San Fran
i clsco.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco evrry Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Hallway fijM Marki-t yt.. S. F.
Ask for Allen's Foot-Ease,
A powder to shake into your shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
and Bunions. Swollen. Callous and Sweating
feet. Sold by all druggiets and shoe stores, iS^
Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen 3.
Olmeted, Le Roy. N. T.
Nothing contributes more to dlfrcntion than
the use of Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters.
Don't accept an Imitation.PASSENGERS ON
MAIL STEAMER
CHINA ANGRY
Landing Delayed by
Mongolians.
CARMARTHENSHIRE'S CHINESE
WILL BE HOUSED ON LOMBARD
STREET WHARF.
Colon Carried a Lot of Yellow Men
to Fill the Place of Strikers
at Panama — Water Front
Notes.
A fleet of steamers made port Sunday j
Bight and yesterday. The China, Tai Fu, |
and Carmarthenshire arrived from the '
Orient, the City of Sydney from Panama j
end way ports, •id the Curacao from j
dean ports. All of them brought j
heavy cargoes and some of them were j
crowded with passengers, so the quaran
tine authorities and Custom-house offi
cers had a busy day of it.
The China got In Sunday night, but it
"was nearly 3 p. m. yesterday before she
landed her cabin passengers. The delay
Nvas caused by the Chinese in the steer-,
nge. The. quarantine officer was through
with the vessel at 7 a. m. and then the
Xvork of sending 300 Chinese to the Angel
Island quarantine station began. This ,
"was accomplished in about three hours, j
finil by 11 a. m. the China was anchored
off the Mail dock.
While the China was landing the Chi
nese the City of Sydney came .in from'
Panama, and being passed by the quar- |
Untine officer went direct to the Mail dock j
and took the China's berth, the Colon be
ing In the Sydney's berth. The latter yes- !
sel was to sail it noon, and as soon as she |
went out the Sydney was to haul ahead
find make room for the China.
The China had on board 150 Chinese In
transit for Panama and these had to be
Transferred to the Col'in. The latter, there
fore, remained at the' wharf while the
CUcmpols were brought from the China on
the tug Millen Griffith and put -aboard.
'There were 100 cabin and OS second cabin
passengers on the China and the language
they used in speaking of Pacific Mail
management while watching the transfer
of the coolies would not look well in
print. About 3 p. m. the Colon sailed, the
City of Sydney pulled up into the vacated
ben . and the China docked.
The City of Sydney brought a very
heavy cargo of general merchandise, su-
Kar and coffee from Panama and Central
American ports. Among the cabin pas-
Bengers was H. Gllette, the Southern Pa
cific's chief assistant engineer. He has
been all over the Central Guatemalan
Railroad and Is pared to make a re
port on the same to C. P. Huntingdon.
The Carmarthenshire also had trouble
v. It her Chines* passengers. She has
considerable cargo f.^r; San Diego, and
•ofter discharging here will sail for that
port She has four Chinese for San Fran
cisco and these the customs authorities
■will not land until their cases ha been |
investigated. The steamer cannot wait i
for them, so in order to straighten things |
out a house had to be built on Lombard-
Btreet wharf for them. There they will
live under guard until their right to land i
la settled.
Th<' Colon took away 237 Chinese all told
for Panama. There nave been two very
f-xpenslve strikes among the freight han
dlers on the isthmus and the Mail Com
pany does not propose to have another
one. When the Colon arrives th.- men
■who have returned to work will get a j
very disagreeable surprise, as they will
1»- "lire<l bodily" and the Chinese put in
their places.
Among the cabin passengers of the
Colon was A. G. Canalizo of the firm of
l.<-miza <t Co. He will visit his friends
jind relatives in M izatlan and on his j
leturn will ring his '..ride with him.
The United States Mansport Grant will
not sail for Manila until this afternoon.
The men of the Sixteenth Infantry have
riot been paid for two months and Uncle
Sam is going to fulfill that obligation be
fore the men leave for Manila. Early this
rrornfng the. work 'if paying will begin
and about 2 p. m. the big transport will
get under way.
Captain Moore of the schooner Free
Trade fame is In trouble again. After
taking three wealthy Englishmen to
Alaska In search of an island of gold and
then marooning them on Kadiak Island
])<» sold the schooner and was next heard
from at Tacoma as mate of the American
ship Henry Villard. When the vessel ar
rived at Liverpool Mi on pyt an adver
tisement in several papers stating that
there were vacancies for Apprentices, who :
would be required to pay a premium of
SIOO each. The captain and agents of the '
vessel denounced tho advertisement as
unauthorized and detectives ■'. •re placed
on Moore's track. M. was caught and
■warned, hut nothing could be done with
him, as while he had received dozens of
letters no money had passed.
CHAS. Tl. FAHRELL.
Th.- opening of a large furniture store
In Baa -J -' by the Pattosien Company
of this city lirinKs Into prominence the
signal success achieved by this \\f:ll
known firm within the past two years.
Sittaatec] In the Mission, remote from
the business 'enter, th*'y have through
well-directed and aggressive news
paper advertising built ur> an enormous
business. The opening advertising of
ihffr Pan Jose store has been placed In
charßc of Lombard & Co., the well
known advertising directors, ('has.
H. Parrell. of the titm, who probably
has had charge of the advertising <>f
more successful Btore openings than
any two men on this coast, leaves this
morning for San Jose to personally di
rect one of the mosi systematic and
comprehensive advertising plans ever
devised for a ' ialifornia firm.
WRECK OF THE STAREUCK.
Inspectors Find That She Struck on
an Uncharted Rock Off Central
American Coast.
Captains Boles and Bulger, Govern
ment Inspectors of Steam Vessels, held
an Inquiry yesterday Into the cause of the
wreck of the steamer Starbuck off the
coast of Central America about two
months ago, the Investigation bavins;
been delayed awaiting the arrival of the
captain. The vessel belonged to the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company and struck
on an uncharted rock off Coseguina Point,
near Corinto. The deck cargo was jetti
soned and the passengers were safaly
landed, there being no casualties. Cap
tain C. J. Brugulere testified yesterday
that he was on the bridge and saw no
breakers or other Indications of rocks or
shoals.
It appeared 'that there had been a very
severe earthquake a short time before
the vessel struck, and it was the opinion
of old tars who had sailed the tropic seas
for many years that the rock was thrown
up by the earthquake. '
The inspectors will render a decision
when they shall have learned from the
Pacific Mall Steamship Company the
value of the vessel and her cargo. She
had been used to ply between Acapulco
and Panama,
ROBBED HER EMPLOYER.
Emma Ducas, n Confirmed Klepto
maniac, in Jail.
Emma Duoas, who the police say is a
confirmed kleptomaniac, was arrested
yesterday by Detective Anthony and
charged with grand larceny. Some time
ago the woman procured employment as
a servant in the family of Mrs. Cohn at
Hi*) Golden Gate avenue. During the tem
porary absence of the family* it is claimed
she broke open a bureau drawer anil ab
stracted three valuable diamond rings, tha
property of Mrs. Cohn.
When' accused of having purloined the
rings she vigorously proclaimed her in
nocence and was at once discharged. De
tective Anthony after investigating be
came com I the Ducas woman
had stolen the jewelry and he started
out to find her.
Yest< rdaj he found her in a lodging
house on Fifth street, near Minna. Be
creted under the mattress of her bed w< re
two of the Btolen rings. On being con
fronted with the evidence of her guilt the
woman broke down and made a complete
confession. She claimed that a steam
ship fireman, whose name the police re
fuse to divulge, influenced her to rob her
employer.
The records of the Police Department
show that the woman was arrested ab iul
three years ago for grand larceny, but
escaped with a sentence of six months.
Detectiv* Anthony recognized her from
her picture, which adorns the rogues' gaJ
[«ry.
OARSMEN ARRANGE EL
CAMPO PROGRAMME
WHITEHALL AND BARGE
EVENTS FOR SCHOOLBOYS.
Crews From Naval and Merchant
Ships of All Nations Ma.y Com
pete in Eight-Oared
Cutters.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Association, held last night,
the following representatives of th( row
ing clubs were present: A. P. Rothkopf,
\Y. O. Patch and A. W. Pape, from the
Dolphins; H. W. Haass and C, Pesoli,
from the AJamedas; W. C. Espy and T.
Sands, from the Pioneers; A. L. Sfone
from the Olympic Club and J. R. Book
man from the Ariel*. The following or
tf r of events was derided upon for the
regatta to be held at El Campo on June
L'o: Junior outriggrd skiff race, senior
outrigged skitT race, Academic Athletic
League barge race, junior barge
■ race, intermediate barge i
double sculling Whitehall race for boys
from schools in the Academic Athletic
J. ague, cutter race for en ws from Naval
Reserve, from naval or merchant \ ■
of any nationality, eight-oared with
cockswains; senior barge race, relay
swimming race between teams from
Olympics, Lurlines and rowing clubs.
The Whitehall boats must be manned
entirely by Bchool boys, but in the barge
regular club cockswain may b< em
ployed. An order was made that the en
try blanks be printed and that the order
of races as therein printed \<>- not BUbject
to change. Entries close at 'j p. m. on
Monday, Ji::
A. 1.. Stone, W. t ». Patch and A. W.
Pape were appointed a committee to wait
on t li*» high schools and get crew
ter>.d. The boys will nave the use of the
practice barges of the rowing clubs. J.
K. Bockman'a resignation as secretary of
the regatta committee was accepted. The
committee will meet igaln next Monday
night. High school boys ar< r< [vested ; >
ter barge and Whitehall crews at th.
office of A. P. Rothkopf, 208 Sutter I
They will be assigned to the boathouse
of one of the. rdwing clubs for training
purpose a.
SOLDIER TANLEY ACCUSED.
Charged With Stabbing and Robbing
Tim Nyhans.
■;■ >rge Tanley, a member of the Ten
regiment, was arrested la.-t even-
Ing by Detective - Fitzgerald and Graham
and Policeman Wlnslow and charged with
robbery and an assault to commit murder.
i >n the night of the 23d tost. Tanley. It is'
claimed, induced Timothy Nyhans ol !
Harrison Btreet, to accompany him to
North Beach, where he attacked Nyhans
: with a- knife and then robbed him of $32.
Nyhans was slashed across the chin and
head and also received three knifv wounds
in the stomach.
With blood streaming from the wounds
the unfortunate man managed t>. reach
his home and a doctor was Bummoned.
erday he reported the crimes to the
and a short time afterward his as
sailant was taken into custody. He was
found at the Presidio nn>i promptly rec
ognized by Nyhans.
Tanley admits that he was With N'y
hans on the night of tbe assault and rob
bery, but denies that he Is the guilty
party. He claims that he will be able
to establish his Innocence when the ease
is called in the.Police Court.
A New Democratic Club.
The Phelan .Municipal League <"lub of ]
the Thirty-fourth District, organized at
Eintracht Hall, Twelfth street, Maj
I - elected the following permanent offl
cers: President, John B. Williams; vice
president, John T. Dowling; recording sec
retary, Frank Cassidy; treasurer, M. C.
Byrne; corresponding secretary, Charles
D South; i \' •■ utive committee — T. B. Me
. Thomas Lowney, C. W. Hey, Wil
liam Spearman, John T. Dowling, A. K.
Craig and M. T. Hastings. At the last
meeting a conference committee was ap
pointed with the object <if bringing the
ciub into active co-operation with other
Democratic clube to the end that har
mony may be secured in the pending mu
nicipal campaign.; copies of the new pri
mary law were distributed among the
members; several speeches were made
and applauded, and an adjournment was
taken to Tuesday i vening, June 6.
Judge Treadwell Recovered.
Judge Treadwell was around th>' Police
Courts yesterday morning, looking In the
pink of condition after his sr rious Ill
ness. He arranged to take Judge Mo
Kan's courtroom on Monday next, and the
continued cases on his calendar if any,
; ,s Judg< Mogan leaves on his vacation
that <U\. It Is the first vacation he has
had since h»*ing on the bench. He will re
turn July L
Harvester Kins Btnaers and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
Baptists Wf)o Took a Prominent Part in Yester
day's Proceedings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30. 1899.
DR, G, C, LORIMER
CHARMS ANOTHER
LARGE AUDIENCE
Discusses Economy of
Missions.
AN OVERCROWDED CHURCH
INTERESTING MEETINGS OF THE
BAPTIST UNION.
Able and Inspiring Addresses De
livered by Returned Mission
aries — Officers Elected for
the Ensuing Year.
Ri v. Dr. George C. Lorimer, pastor of
Fremont Temple, Boston, proves to be the
drawing card at the sessions of the Bap
tist anniversaries, which have been in
progress during the past week. Last night
HIS CHURCH IS TWO
HUNDRED YEARS OLD
REV X.ERR, BOYCE TOPPER.
AMONG the distinguished ministers who have been in this city during
the past week in attendance on the Baptist anniversaries is the Rev.
K< rr Boyce Tupper, n.l>.. LL..D., pastor of the .First Baptist Church
of Philadelphia. He enjoys the distinction of being the tenth pastor tin
church has had in the past IT" years. The church i.- said to be th>
third oldest Raptist In America, it having a short time since cele
brated Its two hundredth birthday.
Ti-,.' Firs! Baptist Church over which Dr. Tiipper presides has 1083 mem
\« r- and ha? $2r>fu»*' in Its treasury. The Interest on half 'hat amount is de
voted to the Boys' and Girls' Guilds in connection with the church and city
missions. One hundred and ten thousand dollars is endowed far rl■ • • us.- of
the poor and the officers of the church are busily engaged caring for the un
fortunate.
The chur>h now occupies a handsome edifice on the northwest corner of
Broad and Spruce streets, but will within the year move into a magnificent
BtXUCture on the. east side of Seventeenth street, midway between <'h. ■st
unt and Walnut streets. Of the 1(K) I'.apiist churches in the city of Phila
delphia the First Baptist Church, in the center of the city, embraces a dis
trict whose population is 2OO,oe<V After paying about $iv,.<kki for the property,
which is at present occupied by Borne twenty small houses, and %w.<»>« for
the new building, the church will put aside $150,000 for -an endowment fund.
Or Tupper read an Interesting paper on Saturday last at the fourth ses
sion of the American Baptist Publication Society on "The American Baptist
Historical Society." yesterday he occupied the pulpit in a leading church
a CroBB the bay, and last evening delivered an elooueni sermon at the First
Presbyterian Church. The doctor has won many friends since his sojourn
in this city He i^ a man of pleasing presence, a brilliant conversationalist
and a student. He is staying at the Occidental.
ho spoke at the First Baptist Church to a
great audience, every bit of btanUJng
WsSbmm-.
lud " d iVu iubUCt was '"The Golden Gate,
or" the "Economics V Missions." In part
SsSaEiSsassis ass sas
dcf&u"debta are painfully paid by mlMlonary
■ societies and again unavoidably incurred; ap
peals are made, lamentation* moaned and
; tribulations experienced that money may _be ob
tained for ac^resslve measures; and >et there
i* a fretful indißr-OFition manifested when it is
proposed to discuss the science of economics in
the kingdom of Jorus Christ.
I)oOnot underestimate the magnitude of the
work It i. one religion daring to challenge all
the others, denying their authority *nd antag-
I onizing their most Inveterate prejudices. The
atmosphere of heathendom is filled with the
traditions, vices, superstitions which agitated
and divided former generations, but now blend
and demonstrate their influences against the |
triumph of Christianity. The nobility of the .
cause and the enormous impediments in the |
way of success justify prompt and liberal In
vestments. Yet while millions are unhesitat
ingly lavished on shares In trusts, but meager
offerings .are received for a movement which
comprehends in its triumph the civilization of
all lands. The American Almanac of Missions,
189 S. reports the donations of Christian churches
in Great Britain and Ireland and in the United
States as reaching the poor figure of $13,988,887.
This authority concedes that the foreign field j
has large Interests In money given to various
societies, as .the. Tract and Bible societies
reaching probably $2,000,000 more. But even
uniting these sums we have not an expenditure
commensurate with the vastness and signifi
cance of the enterprise.
Tin- carefully prepared statistics of A. H.
Nelson of Chicago give us the following
data for the United States. He places the
membership of the Protestant churches in this :
country at 17,796,748, the Roman Catholic num- ,
bering 8,410,592. These Protestants gave the
foreign missions in 1897 $3.504,156. But if you j
are prepared to congratulate yourself, consider !
some figures on the other side compiled by Dr.
Strong, author of "Our Country." He says
that if Christians gave only 1 cent on the
dollar of the real and personal property, their I
contribution would be $87,254,000; and If they i
would each give 1 cent a day their books would
show a 'total of $38,500,000. Ah it Is the total
offering for religion In the United States is ]
merely $150,000,000 per annum, while our offer- j
ing of less than $4,00,000 for the extension of I
the kingdom sounds ridiculously small by the \
Bide of "$25,000,000 put to the account of chew- j
Ing gum. It is computed that we spend $400,- ]
COO.OOO for amusements and $523,000,000 on tobac
co and the bewildering total of $1,200,000,000 on
intoxicants, not including the taxation Imposed
on the community by crime, prisons and the I
— of productive capital occasioned by this j
terrible curse. If you will subtract from the
sums spent on amusements, tobacco and even ;
wine, the sums spent by professing Christians j
on these objects, you will have a total Infinite
ly transcending what they donate to foreign
missions, and more than likely fully equaling
the $150,000,000 set apart by them each year
for the maintenance of Christianity in the
United States.
BUSINESS OF THE
CONVENTION
Missionary enterprises In foreign coun
tries were considered at the morning
, si-sKimi of the American Baptist Mission
ary Union yesterday. The meeting was
an auspicious one, as it marked the
eighty-fifth anniversary of the organisa
tion. Hon. Robert <>. Fuller of Cam
bridge, Mass., as president of the union,
presided over the meeting, and Rev. Dr.
Poteat of Philadelphia acted as secretary.
President Fuller opened the initial
session of the organization with his an
nual address, in the course of which he
paid a tribute to the late Rev. Samuel
W. Duncan of Brookline, .Mass. He eulo
gized tiir foreign secretary for the grand
work he bad performed for the mission
ary cause. He also told of a visit to this
coast main- years ago of a party com-
I posed of members of the Boston Hoard
of Trade and of the royal welcome they
received. "We were then," he said, "as
wr are now -very hospitably entertained.
One interesting ceremony was at the (.'lift
House, the mingling of a bottle of water
from tin' Atlantic Ocean with that of
the Pacific Ocean. That was a symbol
of the union of the East and West. In a
like manner this is a union ot' the Bast
and West."
The speaker then discussed the reasons
why missionaries were sent to foreign
countries when there was plenty Of good
to be done at home. He stated that their
prdere were to go into all parts ot' th<
world and preach the gospel to every
creature, fie cited many instances where
good had resulted from the work of mis
sionaries. He said: "!f missionaries had
never gone to the Hawaiian Islands,
eight) years ago some European power
would have had them and you would have
had a hostile nation at your doors. \W
are indebted to the missionaries sent out
there eighty years ago for your Hag wav
ing over those Islands to-day." in con
cluding, he said the great question of to
day ! < one of finance. The executive corri
niitt"e needs aid in currying on the work
Rev. 11. C. Mable of Boston, the home.
secretary, followed and read a lengthy re
port of the executive committee, which
reviewed the work accomplished during
thi past year. The r. port also contained
a good deal of information on the BCOpe
of the missionary cause.
At the conclusion of the report. Rev
Dr. Fish of Wisconsin led the assemblage
in prayer. E. P. Coleman, treasurer of
the union, read a report, In which he gave
an Itemized statement of the financial
condition of the union.
At the 'afternoon session Rev. L. S.
Bowennan of Washington led the devo
tional exercises. Aft.^r the singing of the
Coronation Hymn Hon. Robert O. Fuller
delivered a short address? on the purpose
ot the meeting and introduced Rev. I. s.
Barton, who led in orayer.
Rev. Ola Hanson, a mlssloary just re
turned from Burmah, told of his work
and experiences among the heathens and
followed by Rev. F. P. Haggard, for
merly pastor in an lowa church, but who
baa been doing pood work among the
tribes around Assam. He proved a forct
ble Bpeaker ;ind was listened to with deep
Interest. He appealed for throe more men
and asked that tiny be sent to that dis
tant land to aid "!n christfanflng the
heathen. He also told of the difficulties
it. getting to his district and created mer
riment. His constant recurrence to the
fact that three missionaries were needed
in the Assam district aroused hearty ap
plause. He was followed l>y Rev. R. K.
Williams who told <it his services in In
dia. The latter delivered a pathetic
Bpeecn and moved some of his listeners to
tears. He said that although he was
broken down from long and hard service
in a foreign field he would continue to
preacb the Gospel with all his power. Rev.
Alfnd Fuller, son of the president of the,
union, was introduced by Dr. Mabte. The
vniiiK missionary proved a witty talker
and kept his auditors in a constant state
of merriment. He gave his experiences
among the Telugus. He said he came
primed for a two and a half hours' talk,
but was told he could only speak fifteen
minutes. During that short period' he
dwelt on the good work done by the mis
sionaries and also touched on theological
subjects.
In the absence of Rev. W. H. P.
Faunce, D.D., pastor of the Fifth
Avenue Baptist Church, Washington,
N. W.. Rev. H. M. King. D.D..
of Providence, R. L, delivered the
address. His subject was "The Call of
God's Providence to an Increased Activity
in Christian Missions." He delivered an
eloquent talk and waa applauded fre
qi.ently for his views. A. D. Michael of
Spangle. Wash., a colporteur of the publi
catlon society, told "now John B. Gougli
was converted.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year:
President, Hon. R. O. Fuller, Massarliu- I
setts; vice presidents— Hon. Chester W. Kings
ley, Massachusetts, and Hon. K. H. Porter,
Pennsylvania: recording; secretary, E. M. Po
t-;it, D.IX, Pennsylvania. Roard of man
agers, class 3, term expires 1!«>_: Minis
ters W. T. Scott, D.D., Franklin, [nd.i H. M.
King, D.1)., Providence, R. I.: E. A.. Woods,
D.D., San Francisco, Cal.; George C I^-iri
mer. D.D., Boston, Mass.; E. M. Poteat, D.D.,
Philadelphia, Pa.; Wayland Hoyt. D.D.. Phila
delphia, Pa.; John Humpstnne. D.D., Brooklyn,
N. V. ; B. h. Whitman. 1,1.,. IX. WashinKton.
D. C. ; Edward Judson, D D., New V^rk, N. V ;
Rev. C. H. Il^bart, Oakland. Cal.; W. P.
Walker. D.D., Huntingrton West Va. ; 3. S.
Holmes, 1>.1>., Terra Haute, Ind. Laymen— P.
Ronney. Portland, Me.: W. W, Keen. M. D.,
Philadelphia, Pa.; A. J. Fox, Detroit, • Mich. ;
Chun-hill H. Cuttini?. Brooklyn. N. V. : W. A.
Stevens, LUD., Rochester, N. T.; 0. M.
Wentworth. Boston, Mas?.: Richard M.
Colgate, Orange, New Jersey; IJ. F. Ja
cobs, Chicago, 111. Women- -Mrs. Horace A.
Noble, Buffalo, N. V.; Mrs. Caleb Van Husan,
Detroit, Mich.; Mrs. William H. Spencer,
Skowhegan. Me.; Mrs. E. W. Bucknell, Phila
delphia, Pa.; Mrs. 'J. K. SUckney, Washing
ton, D. C. Class 2. term expires 1901— T. K.
Hughes, Minneapolis, Minn., to till the va
cancy caused by Hon. Ger.rsre A. Pillsbury's
death. ___ _____^_____
NEW GAME PLAYED
WITH BILLIARD BALLS
Confidence Men Substitute Old Ivor
ies for New Ones — Police Search
ing for Two Clever Rascals.
For the past three months the Police
Department has been searching for two
stylishly dressed individuals who are
causing no end of trouble to the keepers
of billiard narlors and proprietors of ho
tels by substituting old ivories for the
glistening balls that are wont to chase
each "ther around the cushions. Reports
have been frequent, but the smooth in
divtduala have thus far escaped the \
clutches of the law.
Last night another report was added to
the long list already on lHe in the <'hief
df Police's office, it was lodged tbere by
the proprietor of the Miramar Hotel. 70' i \
Geary street. It seems that early in the
afternoon the thieves entered the billiard !
room of the hotel and engaged in th/i
game. They claimed to he Eastern com
mercial men. and as they showed every
evidence of being gentlemen they wera
permitted to play. They returned again !
at night and engaged in a game, and
shortly after they left the hotel the, i
keeper of the game discovered that some
very old l>al!s had been substituted for ■
the set that belonged to the table. The
alarm was given and a number of those
employed about the hotel rushed out In
the hope of overtaking th^ Bmooth scoun
drels, but without success. The matter
was then reported to the police and every
effort will fate made to catch the bold fel
lows.
Big Typewriter Sale.
Southern Pacific Company purchased
from L. <fe M. Alexander latest model
Smith Premier typewriters for their
telegraph department. All other make?
were dispensed with. *
MORE POSTAL FACILITIES
Four New Sub-Stations Established
in This City for Letter Registry,
Money Orders, Etc. *
Tho Postmaster General has adopted
the suggestion made by city Delivery
Superintendent Cox and has added four
sub-postofflce stations to the San Fran
cisco list. They are as follows No •$
tli" cliff House, J, M. Wilkins clork In
charge; No. 10, L'MT Twenty-fourth strert,
I. M. Knickerbocker clerk In charge; No.
11. 17W Halght street, David FYey olerk
In charge; No. 12. San Kruno avenue and
Dwight street, Frank Grabe clerk in
charge.
Letters may be registered and stamp*
and money orders will be sold at these
stations.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO. I
Specialists for Diseases of Men
PAY WHEN CURED, 1
Patients can arrange ; m
to pay when cured, or -'
pay In monthly or ' »
weekly installments. nil II vj
FREE BOOK-HOME CURES, fj
DR. METERS & CO. cure and restore I
a great many men every year without H
serinK them. Sufferers who cannot call Kg
Should write for their lxiok. "MAR- H
RIAQB GUIDE; . I'UIVATE CO UN- ■
BKI/5R FOR ■ MEN," symptom blanks, I
prices and full particulars of their won- I
derful Home-Cure System. ft
731 MARKET ST. 1
'a SAN FRANCISCO. Take Elevator. U
mAKE PERFECT MEN
BO SOT DESPAIR • DonotSiif-
illßKjCMl lerLnndcr! The Jots and ambitions of
MjyTqw ii!" can lie restored to you. The very
Sw BM v.-ur.-t of Xervoun Debility are
'9Ji fflM) abs-olutely cured by PKHFEcio
'£. *BSI TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
UB -^IBlbomnla, tailing: memory and the waste
t#Vi\P-MBlr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
yf'TdftnßK- Indiscretions orexcessesor ear'y years.
* U-'\Jg*s*^ Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace np the system. Give bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of LFf7\r°"n* or old.
One 0" box renews vital energy. WIIJC boxes at
IS 50 a complete «iiaiante«-d (Mire or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest **mmr pocket Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Virfco by T»K PEHMXTO CO., Caxton Bld 5 ., Cblugo, HI.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. ' ■
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleeta, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists. -
Writ's Indian VeaetaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to curs
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples and purify the blood. ■'-■■',
GAS BILLS ARE
HUNG UP FOR
ANOTHER WEEK
Minority Wins An
other Victory.
RATES MUST BE REDUCED
CORPORATION THREATENS TO
SHUT OFF LIGHTS.
The Issue Will Be Forced by the
Failure to Collect the Exorbi
tant Rates Heretofore
Charged.
Tlif minority In the Bnard of Super
vising wmi another victory yesterday
when they again succeeded In postpon
ing (inal authorization for the payment of
the bills of the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company for lighting the streets
and public buildings for the months of
December, Jarluary, February and March.
Attorney Bishop, representing the gas
company, appeared before the board and
made a plea for the passage of the bills.
He said that the dilatory motions of th«
minority, which were sustained by the
rulings of the Mayor, were contrary to
parliamentary usage and contrary to law.
He intimated that such action was actu
ated by motives that may be considered
questionable, and said that all that was
asked of the board was some definite ac
tion one way or the other, so that tin
corporation may have the opportunity of
urging the justice of Its claims before a
court of law.
This appeal had no effect on those mem
bers of the board who are contending f" r
the city's rights, and who claim that the
k;is company should be forced t<v make a
reasonable rate for pas furnished the city
;is well as to consumers. At the last
meeting of the board, when the author
izations came up for final passage. Super
visor Byington moved to amend by mak
ing the rate for gas $110 instead of $1 sn.
and also by reducing the rate charged
for electric light by 25 per cent. This
amendment was voted down and Super
visor Perrault gave notice of a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was lost. Yesterday when the
motion to reconsider came up it was lost
by a vote of seven to five. The question
was then on the final passage of the
authorizations, and Perrault moved to
amend by fixing the rate to be paid for
gas at $1 08 and to reduce the rate to be
paid for electric light 23 per cent. The
amendment was lost by the following
vote:
Ayes— Byington. Deasy. Heyer. Lack
ma nn and Perrault— 6.
Noes — Aigeltinger, Attridge, Black, Col
lins. Kalben and Phelps— 7.
Perrault immediately changed his vote
from aye to no and gave notice of a mo
tion to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was lost at the next me ttlng
Of the board on Monday. The Mayor
ruled that this action held the whole mat
ter up until the proposed motion to re
consider is disposed of and the protests of
the majority were declared out of order.
"That settles me," remarked Attorney
Bishop, as he left the board room, "so
Car as this board is concerned. We'll
iidopt another course that perhaps will
bring- these people to time."
This was probably an intimation that
the gas company intends to carry oat its
threat to shut off the city's lights anil
ccmpel the authorities to appeal to the
courts to force the corporation to turn
them on again.
I AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING, JUNE- 5
LAMBARDI GRAND
ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
FROM MILAN.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIRST WEEK-
Monday "CAVALLERIA HI 'A NA"
And "rPAi;i,IA' i[ '
Tuesday "FAUST"
i Wednesday "LUCIA"
1 Thursday "NORMA"
Friday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And "I' PA A CCl
Saturday Matinee
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR"
Saturday "RIGOLETTO"
Popular Prices! All Seats Reserved!
Entire Ground Floor $1 50 and $1 00
Balcony 50c, 75c and Jl 00
Gallery 25c
Box and Loge Seats $1 .'0
The -Pale of Seats Will Begin THURSDAY
MORNING, June 1, at 9 o'clock.
THE BROWNIES ARE COMING
TO THE CALIFORNIA THEATER
THURSDAY NIGHT.
TWO HUNDRED CHILDREN
R£AL LIVE BROWNIES.
A MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION
' Seats Now on Sale 2.V, ,W and 73c
REMEMBER. ONLY FOUR TIMES.
j Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights, and
Saturday Matinee, for the benefit of the
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 861.
HOLIDAY MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
EVERY EVENING
THE
PRINCESS NICOTINE!
BY THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
Indorsed Last Night by the Enthusiasm of
an Immense Audience as a Genuine Triumph.
Reserved Seats,. 25 and 50 cents; Gallery, 11
cents.
Uranch Box Office Just Inside Main En-
trance Emporium. . .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
APPLAUDED TO THE ECHO.
Edmond Audran's Greatest Comic Opera,
THE
MASCOT.
Great Cast! Correct Costumes'. Appropriate
Accessories!
- MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL— MONDAY EVENING, June 5,
Reappearance of the San Francisco Favorite,
GRACIE PLAISTED,
In Strauss' Masterpiece,
••THE mERRY \A//\R"
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
A BRILLIANT SUCCESS!
MEMORIAL DAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
Engagement of the Celebrated Actor,
AIR. LEW/IS MORRISON,
Supported by the Talented Actress, .
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Magnificent Production of
HAMLET.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK
PR1CE5. ... . . . .. 15c, 25c, 35c, 51c.
■A .-..■-• :■;■ ,
Munyon's Inhaler
Wonderful Success of This Great
Cure for Catarrh, Grip, Asth-
ma, Bronchitis and All
Throat and Lung
Diseases. .
THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN SOLD.
They Have the Sincere Praise
of All Users.
This Inhaler cures
by inhalation Colds,
Coughs, Grip, Ca-
tarrh. Asthma, Bron-
X^v chitis and ali Throat
and Lung diseases,
1 and prevents Con-
e Blu -~^ sumption. Go to
e J6rX~~^Bj~~ your druggist and
£»■■■?. ju,t^3 test it. It costs you
* Tku T'll^a nothing. Cast aaide
rPV^fJ^tr'li all "■■ her medicines
Utot^jwUßj an( ' treatments for
l|s&is££L'ft-3 twenty - four l'.r.urs
jJi'^V and give this new
aIM "IB .\\ 6 >' m a trial.
E( jj I* lJ tj The medicatod air
»T n X rl-'! -SfrlivS! K<>es direct to the in-
BW llf fyi Y^ fiiAcr* flamed and diseased
i> >C LXI Ift -ijJfVSR parts, that cannot be
I" 1 I"' ft JAt reached by medicine
I ! '-•'iPiilAl.lMi taken into the stom-
ii IJIISL II kS 't permeates every
3 £*BE») r'*' r- n!r Passage, and at
I • 'lai! JU-i'^'t' once destroys thedis-
trrn A J^K?rC i hffi ''"*" g"rms. It is ;in
F& m IjVjsnTf, >\ [rijji Invigorating tonic to
HjHHf^Bl^^P^^l th " vital "" l ' 'V. a
BBtii,)) 1 1 */ml\ TLißißTi soothes, heals and in-
Ijrpwj&i JmrsStJi vlgorates.lt positlve-
KV>ls?fiißß »J*ui-r' '-■' <' i:!( ' s Catarrh and
JBH)EjBJBMyiy^s3 diseases "' ''"'' nasal
■J||Mc7mj|3tS organs. It positively
MJfjJjuEaM^H '''■'■'-- ills' mj-'s "t th"
e^ i^p? throat and 'lungs. It
enables you to cure
! yourself at home. It renders unnecessary any
cutting, burning or cauterizing. It destroys at
once the bacilli of bronchitis and consumption.
Its use is followed Immediately by a sense of
relief. It enables you to save doctors' big fees.
Mailed to any address for $1.00.
; This includes all necessary medi-
cine.
All druggists sell them.
If you have Rheumatism, my Rheumatism
Cure will cure it in a few hours; my Dyspepsia
Cure will cure any case of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble: SO per cent of kidney complaints,
including Bright' a disease, can be cured with
I my Kidney Cure; nervous affections and dis-
| ease? of the heart are controlled and cured by
my Nerve and Heart Cure: my Cold Cure will
break up any form of cold In a few hours; 57
I cures for 57 ailments. Every druggist sells
I them— most 2."> cents a vial.
Write Professor Munyon. 1506 Arch street.
i Philadelphia, for free medical advice on any
, I disease. '-*■".--'
AMUSEMENTS.
; COLUMBIA. The -SSK?.
LAST WEEK
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY!
HERBERT EFFIE
KELCEY===SHANNON
In the Great American Play,
.wMOTHttgfIAME
♦ ♦ > jf ♦ + ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ +> ♦ -f f +■+
♦ NOTICE, *
! x. PUBLIC TO DECIDE TITLE +
OH NEW PLA/. +
» Mr. Kelcey and Miss Shannon offer a a
1 ' prize of $IOU to the person suggesting "^
4. the most appropriate title for their new +
. play, to be presented for (he first time \
■▼" next Monday at the Columbia Theater. "♦"
14. The story of Hi.- play will lie found in +
the theatrical columns of daily papers,
1 + All letters must be addressed: "Play "♦"
I+. Title Competition. Columbia Theater." +
SPECIAL MAT. TO-DAY, Tuesday, May 30.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. : •
CLIFFORD and iiUTH,
Stars of "A High Bora Lady."
HENRi FRENCH,
The New Sensation, Juggler and Bicyclist.
MOUNG TOON and MOUNG CHET
The Burmese Wonders.
BILLY VAN. MONTGOMERY AND STONE
AND TEN BIG VAUDEVILLE STARS.
Reserved seats 25c. balcony 10c. Opera
chairs and box peats .'oc.
Regular Matinees Wed., Sat. and Sunday.
CONCERTS AND KESOBTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
? BALLOON ASCENSION
THIS AFTERNOON
(DECORATION DAY)
By MARKEBERG.
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSE 3.
VISIT LUNETTE AND THE MAZE.
BASEBALL!"
TO-DAY AT 2:30 O'CLOCK.
San Francisco vs. Sacramento.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison.
General Admission 25
Ladies admitted free to the Grand Stand.
IJUIIIV great REALISTIC
& WAR PANORAMAI
rtf • Prof. W. O. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator,
mm • a lectures half hourly.
j IVlQnilO Market «t. f nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c
Bay? Children 2Sc
SUTRO. BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:30 P. M.
ADMI.-.-H 'X, 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 23c; children, 20c.
Baja California -
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexea, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its « own
Merits; no winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
223 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular,*
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No I minesa to-day.
Sil\er unchanged.
wheat continues to advance.
Bai ley futures firmer.
oats scarce and dull.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay down to cost of products n
Bran and Middlings advanced.
Beans and Seeds dull.
«S advanced, onions weak.
Butter Brm Cheese weak and Eggs steady.
Fruit selling well at good prices.
Lemons and- lyimes lower.
1 >rl< d Fruits nominal.
changes in Provisions.
Wi 'i active and firm.
11M.-s and Tallow unchanged.
Hogs doing better again.
Other Meats unchanged.
Oils as before.
Lumber very stiff.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says:
"Prunes are generally steady, but holders
have ample supplies of large sizes which
they would be glad to dispose of at a fair
price, It-cannot be said that there is any urg
ing of large sizes for sale. bu,t unquestionably
there are some holders who would not insi.-t
upon outside quotations if a round lot was ur
dered.
"Raisins are dull. There is almost no de
mand for any grade, though It Is said that
uin be held firm up to the present fig
ures until the new crop comes in. Occasional
frmai! "rdei^ :n country dealers, but
none ar- larg< enough to create any stir in
the trade. Meanwhile conditions favor holders.
• the old crop is down to a few hun
dred c :irs. not over L"0 being held in first hands
on th<- coast, and some authorities say that
pply it mv ii less. Crop reports continue
ad the outlook for v. goou yield is
iglng.
"Peaches ate moving slowly on small orders
and holders are n"t anxious sellers. Peeled
:it!r-'ly out of first hands, which
to actual consumptive re
quirements. Prices rule steady, with upward
tendency in substantially all grades. Demand
if slow because of the hluh price and the com
petltion 01 fresh fruits
"Apricots could be sold freely if the open
ins price were reduced to Sc, but so
in: (!■ i i.-ast :•'.<*. while some In
on .■■. . ..o sales have been made
fit these figures, (t is said, exporters showing
lltt',.- Inclination to buy. There is an In
ial these prices will be reduced later,
akers hope to get f u n figures for first
shipments."
CANNED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
Mail advices from New York Bay:
'.'Future sales of California canned fruits
have been liberal since prices on the new
pack were given out. Already some of the
largest packers have sold out, and their prices
are withdrawn. The possibility that crops will
be more or less short in all parts of the coun
try except California causes holders to be un
usually firm in their views on prices. Spot
trmlins is small, being limited to small or
dt-rs to flu immediate retail requirements."
TO-DAY A HOLIDAY.
To-day being Memorial, day and a legal holt
day business will be suspended throughout the
United States.
NO NEW YORK QUOTATIONS.
There were no quotations from • New York
yesterday, as the day was a holiday.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time-.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 29, a p. m.
The following are th» seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.12 33.17 33.21
Red BlUff O.C) 20.54 1 4 . I
Sacramento 0.00 14.10 10.37
San Francisco race 16.10 9.19
Fresno O.uO 7.03 4.93
San Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 7.16
Los Angeles ..... Trace 4.:-."i 7.06
Ban Diego 0.01 4.97 4.97
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
BS; minimum. .V); mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen during the past twen
ty-four hours on the western slope of the
Rockies and has risen slowly over the Pacific
seaboard. A depression of some depth has
passed northward from Nevada into Idaho and
Montana.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary over the Pacific Slope. Throughout Cali
fornia the temperatures are ten degrees below
the normal.
Rain has fallen in Utah, Northern Nevada.
Northwestern California and south of the Te
hacb
Thunderstorms are reported at Wlnnemucca
and Salt Lake City. The following maximum
wind velocities are reported: Salt Lake City,
36 miles per hour from the southwest; Winne
mucca, 40 miles from the southwest,' and In
dependence, 32 miles from the southwest.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 30, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
showers early In the morning in the northern
portion: warmer; fresh westerly winds. .
Southern California— Tuesday, with
showers in the mountains early Tuesday morn
ing; southwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, with showers early
Tuesday morning; warmer.
Utah— Showers Tuesday; warmer Tuesday and
Tuesday night.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Saji Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light southerly, changing to fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALDTORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May Porter Bros. Company
California fruit sales: Cherries — Napoleon
Blgereaus, $5 15 box: assorted, J4 15; Governor
Woods, SI 20<??3 06; Tartarians, Jl 3<Vg>2 75; Rock
ports, Jl ":> / 35; Rockport-Bigereaus, Jl 7".<&;
2 03; Black Bigereaus, (1 35(32; C Blgereaus,
$1 SO; Clevelands, Jl 6001 70. Gross sales,
13770.
CHICAGO, May 29.— Porter Bros. Company
pales California fruit: Cherries — Royal Anne,
jr. IS per box; Black Blgereaus, Jl 55<g2 20; Tar
tariana Jl 05©"2; Governor Woods. Jl 55«?1 Co;
C. Bigereaus, tl &s(cfl 60; Eagles. Jl 45; Kock
ports, oOc<BJl 25. Gross sales, $3579.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's financial cablegram says:
The markets here were more active, mainly
In mines. The tone was harder. Americans
were not very brisk, but they steadily hard
ened throughout the session. The general con
tango rate was 4%. Spanish 4s were 63%: Tln
tos. 48%; Anacondas, 12 3-16 on good buying;
1 1-16 was given for calls to end June 1; Utaha
were 8%.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 29.— Canadian Pacific, 101%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 79; Anaconda, 12%:
Grand Trunk, 7 4. Bar Silver, steady, 28 l-16d
per ounce. Money, i'< per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 29.— HOPS—
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Options closed barely steady, un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, KSOO bags.
Including: June. J4 90<5 i 95; July, 14 95<&'5; Sep
tember, $'. 10; October, J5 15; December, J5 45;
January, $5 50; February, $5 60; March, $5 03;
April. Jo 70. Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; mild, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.979 packages; strong;
Western creamery, 15%@18%c; factory, 11%&
13% c.
EGGS— Receipts, 17.978 packages; market
barely steady: Western, H%®ls%c; Southern,
lift 13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May California Dried
Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7<ffßc;
prime wire tray, 8v;<&&%c; choice, B%@9c; fancy
»!4!ff9%c.
PRUNES— 4V4®9%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%@14c; Moorpark, 14
@lSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9'/,^11%c; peeled 25
@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May Large Northwestern re
ceipts, heavy shipment! to Europe, an increase
on -passage and favorable weather started
wheat easy. The market soon turned strong,
however, and before the session was two hours
old early sellers were clamoring for former
holdings. An announcement by a prominent
authority that the winter wheat area had
been greatly reduced, owing to great
damage by flies, coupled with sensational
claims of damage from private sources, brought
about the change in sentiment. Buying orders
from the Southwest poured into the i, it .■,„,]
as the market was getting- away from the
bears they made a savage rush to reinstate
themselves, bidding the p. ice up %c at a time.
Reports of European drought helped the ,i'
vance and the market closed near the top of
the day's range. July opened hie i.lgher at
7.". I >.'iiTJ 7 .'. eased off to 75% c, advanced to 77*,e
and closed at 77%®77»4c. ™
Heavy receipts and reports of increased acre,
age weakened corn, but the decline was re
covered near the close owing to the rally In
wheat. July closed unchanged.
Oats suffered early from heavy receipts and
favorable crop advices, but with the help of
wheat closed firm at the top figures. July
dosed >/ie higher.
Provisions were steadied by a better shipping
; demand and scattered buying. July pork gained
sc, lard 2%c and ribs unchanged.
j Holiday to-morrow.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No 2—
May 75 76% 74% 76%
July 75% 77% 76*4 11%
September 75% 7ti 7 75% 76%
Corn No. —
May .■ 32^ 32»i 32' i 32\
July 32% 32% 32% 32-14
I September 32% 33V 4 32% 33^
! Oats No. 2—
May 24% 24»4 24 24»i
July 22*4 22*4 22% 22%
September 19% 20 19% 20
Mess Pork, per barrel —
j July 8 17% 825 8 17% S2O
September 8 30 8 40 8 30 S 35
Lard, per 100 pounds—
July 505 5 07% 505 505
September a 17% 620 5 17% 5 17%
Short Kibs, per 100 pounds-
July 4 67% 470 4 67% 4 67%
September HSU 4 82% 480 4SO •
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 74%(375c;
j No. 3 spring wheat. 70»g74%c; No. 2 red. 7C%<?i
77% c; No. i corn. 32% c; No. i oats, 21@24%c;
| No. 2 white. 27@2Sc; No. 3 white, 26J127e; No.
I 2 rye, 58c; No. 2 barley. 36®40c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 03(3104; prime timothy seed, $2 25; mess pork,
per barrel, $8 104f8 15: lard, per 100 pounds, $50
6 02%: short rib sides, loose, M 60©4 80; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4*gfg4%c: short clear
sides, boxed, $4 95® 5 05; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods," per gallon, $1 2C; sugar, cut loaf,
6.02 c; granulated, 5.52 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 14.600
Wheat, bushels 19,800 5,600
Corn, bushels 286,600 62,000
Oats, bushels 686,000 461.000 !
Rye bushels 13,000 3.500
I Barley, bushels 6,000 105,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter :
' market was firm: creameries. 12(&'17%c; dairies,
]o<iJlGc. Eggs, weak; fresh. 12'ic Cheese, ,
■ steady; creams, SV<' '■''_■<■
* |
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— • July. Sept.
Opening 5 Mi 5 8%
Closing 5 9% 5 8%
PARIS FUTURES. \
1 Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec. |
Opening 21 00 20 50
Closing 20 75 2'> 66 I
Flour— :
Opening 4::::. 2$ no
Closing ....: - 4405 2S 15 ]
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
i
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. May CATTLE— There was an
active general demand for cattle to-day; prices
' ruled strong. Fancy cattle sold at $5 55@5 6.V,
choice steers, $5 20@5 50; mediums, $4 85@5;
beef steers, $3 40® 4 SO; Btockers and feeders,
$4 -'■'[;.'. 25; bulls, $3®4 50; cows and heifers,
$3 705"4 50; Western fed steers, $4 76@5 50; Tex- i
1 ans. $4 2L"ii">; calves, $5@7 75.
HOGS— Trade in hops was brisk, with prices
steady for the general run and strong for choice
droves. Fair to choice brought $3 Soffj3 90;
heavy packers, $.'! 550*3 57%; mixed. $3 65@3 "-; 1 ■ ;
butchers, $3 65@3 87%; lights, $3 65©3 7:.. pigs,
I $3 25@3 7:..
j SHEEP— demand for sheep and lambs
was slow and prices weakened, particularly for i
the poorer descriptions, which are very
' numerous. Common to good sheep, $3 50<g5 30;
ewes, $4 4004 70; wooled Colorado lambs, St! 3."i
S6 75; shorn lambs, $4 L',V.;>> 15; prime clipped
Westerns, $6 20@6 40.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; Hogs. 40,000; Sheep,
IS.OOO.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May Consols, 109%; silver, 2S j
l-16d; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and
sellers apart; cargoes on passage, quiet, hardly
any demand: English country markets, quiet;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom, 3.370,000; wheat and Hour on passage to
Continent. 1.750.000.
LIVERPOOL, May 29.— Wheat, steady; wheat
I In Paris, firm; French country markets, steady. i
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Spot, steady; futures quiet. July, !
5s 9*gd; September, 5s S%d.
CORN— quiet and easy; futures quiet. *
1 July, 3s 4%d; September, 3s 4%d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 29.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $271, 272, fit 3; gold re
serve, $225,494,602.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 29.— Cotton, steady; mid
dling, 6%c
NEW ORLEANS, May 29.— Cotton, steady;
middling, 5%c.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111.. May 29.— Butter— 215
! tubs; withdrawn, 109 tubs; no sales, though 18c
I was". bid. Official market firm at 17% c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 29.— Clearings, $262,
--519; balances, $31,012.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., May 29.— Locally the wheat
situation shows but little change. Flnty-nine
cents is still obtainable for Walla Walla, al
though 57©58 cis most generally quoted by ex
porters with Valley 59c and Bluestem 61c.
Cleared— British ship Mlstley Hall, for
Queenstown, ' with 192,675 bushels of wheat.
. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., May —An advance of %c
i marked the opening or the local wheat market
! to-day. Club is quoted at 5S%c, Bluestem 61% c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, GO flays — J4 86%
I Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89',i
New York Exchange, sight — 12V*
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%<&60%
Fine Silver, per ounce; — 61
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— The condition of the winter Wheat
crop of the United States la now said to be
"deplorable." Snow, the statistician, has re
duced the estimate still further to 228,000,000
bushels, against 350,000,000 last year. This bull
news is having 1 Its effect and the market is
decidedly stronger. The Chicago market opened
i hesitatingly, on account of large receipts from
j the Northwest, but subsequently hardened on
stronger foreign cables and the active buying
of the leaders, which seemed to presage higher
prices. Chicago and St. Louis also bought
freely and the feeling was bullish at higher
prices at the close.
Futures here advanced in sympathy with
Chicago, but the spot market remained un
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 O6H<SI 08%; milling,
$1 1091 12% per ctl.
CALL, BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session — 9:16 o'clock — December —
2000 etls, Jl 17%. Wf-
Second Session— December — 2000 ctls, $1 lß'-i
--34.000, $1 IS%. . 6*&P
Regular Morning Session — December— 3G,ooG
ctls, $1 18%; 70,000, Jl 18%; 2000, Jl 18} i; 12,000,
Jl «%. .-.■■ ■-■;: --
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls
$1 18%; 10.000. Jl 18%; "O.OuO. $1 19: 12.000, $1 n%.
BARLEY— Futures were a shade firmer, but
spot prices stood the same.
Feed, $1 0561 07%; Brewing. $1 Lo©l 12Vi per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 5:15 o'clock — Seller '99 new
—2000 ctls. 85c.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctlH
86'/ic.
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls
89% c.
Afternoon Session— December— ctls 89\4c
Seller '99. new— 2ooo, 85'^c; 6000, 85^c. '
OATS— The very small supply on hand pre
vents any activity, even If buyers were so dis
posed, which they are not. Prices remain un
changed.
Fancy Feed, $1 47%<gl 50 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 42%<51 47%; common. *l 32'£<irl 40;
Surprise, $1 50©l 66; Gray. Jl 35@1 43; . Milling,
Jl I.'.'! 1 50 per ctl; Red, Jl ZiSq 1 40; Black, Jl 30
@1 32%.
CORN— Trade continues slack at the old quo
tations.
Small round Yellow. Jl 30©] 32%; Eastern
large Yellow. Jl 12%; White, ft 1591 17%;
mixed Jl 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Dull and unchanged at 97%c@Jl 02% per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, J3 60'!;.! 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40<&3 50; Oregon
and Washington, J3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
J3 25@3 40 for bakers' and J2 30#2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices -In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Commeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 25; Oatmeal, J4 r.o@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. J3 25@3 50; Buck-
Wheat Flour, |4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1899.
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65496 95; in sacks, . $6 96436 75; :
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 Ttis.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market is about the weakest and
dullest thing in town. Buyers refuse to take
hold, believing in still lower prices later on.
Hay is now down to cost of production. .
Bran and Middlings are higher and firm at
the advance.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— USS2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23(524 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *25©28 50; job
bing. $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21«?22: Cornmeal,
$23 50^24 50; Cracked Corn, $24<525; Mixed
Feed. $15(516: Cottonseed Meal, $24@26 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat. 9@llc for good to choice
and $7(58 50 for lower grades; Wheat and Out,
$71/10: Oat, $6<S9: Barley. SoftS; Alfalfa, $s<g'7.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $7@S; Wild Oat, $6(?j7;
Alfalfa. $4 50,Ti-6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new to report, the market
being very dull.
BEANS— $1 40^1 50; Small White, $1 90
02 10; Large White. $1 65(91 65; Pinks, $1 SO®
190; Reds, $2 35; Blackeye, $4<S4 15: Butters,
nominal; Limas. $3 90©4; Pea, -$2@2 35; Red
Kidneys. $2 50©2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard,, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2V<»3e; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb: Alfalfa. S%<S9%c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp, 4@4>4c: Timothy. 4 a / ic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 50@l 90; Green, $175
©2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 484 boxes Asparagus, 107 boxes
Rhubarb. 161 sacks Peas and 2SS2 boxes* and 50
sacks new Potatoes.
Potatoes advanced under a good demand.
Onions continued weak and plentiful.
Vegetables showed no change worthy of note.
POTATOES— OId. $1 25© 1 75 per ctl; New Po
tatoes, l'i'.ilV per lb in sacks and $1 50@l 75
for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— 25<g35c per sack for red.
VEGETABLES - Asparagus, 75c«i$l 60 per
box for No. 2. $1 75@2 for No. 1 and $2 25@2 50
for fancy: Rhubarb, 504951 -'< per box: Green
Peas, 2fi3%c per lb; String Beans from Los An
geles. S@sc for green and 45 5 c for Golden Wax;
String Beans from Vaeaville, s<f?Se for green
and 6fi7e for Wax; Horse Beans, 35@50c per
sack; Cabbage, $lfil 15: Tomatoes. 75c@$l 50
per box; Mexican Tomatoes. 76c@tl 50; Egg
Plant, }off/12%c per lb; Garlic, 4®BC for new;
Dried Okra, I.V per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, 8(<jlOc; Carrots. 30@40c per
sack;' Hothouse Cucumbers, 15®75c per dozen;
Sacramento and Marysvllle Cucumbers, $2g'2 50
per box; Summer Squash. 75c@$l per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 16c for Turkeys.
$5 for Ducks. $1 60 for Geese. $7 50(5 S for Hens
and young Roosters and $<> for old Roosters.
Local stock was nominal, in the absence of
receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Gob
bler.- and 14(j?15c for Hens: Geese, per pair, '
$1; Goslings. « 25@1 75; Ducks, $4 50®5 for
old and $5 50©6 50 for young; Hens. $5 50<§<> 50;
young Roost |7®B 50; old Roosters, $5@5 60;
Fryers. $6(56 50; Broilers, $4 5005 50 for large,
$2 50(fi3 50 for small; Pigeons. ?2@2 25 per dozen
for old and i^'n'2 25 for squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for smau.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butler rules firm at a further advance, and
the demand is good. Cheese remains weak and
plentiful. Eggs are steady and unchanged. •
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 17%@18c; sec
onds, 17c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16%<&17c; good to choice, I4'.i
Mic: store, 12%«?j13c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, B©BHc; old, 7%c;
Young America. 10c; Eastern, 13(£il5c.
EGGS — Quoted at Wo 17c for store and 18@19c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16%@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1110 boxes Cherries and 600
chests Strawberries.
Cherries continued firm with smaller re
ceipts and sold off well. Apples, Pears and
Apricots were firm, and are selling better than
for a number of years. In fact, this seems like
an old-time season Peaches are quiet, and are
not over good. Plums are in light receipt.
The" Palo Alt'- Strawberry growers have
formed a combination, like the Watsonville
growers, and will hereafter ship to four houses.
The berry market continues steady, receipts be
ing moderate. Currants are in light supply and
Gooseberries are scarcer than ever.
Lemons are hi over supply and weak. Limes
are lower. ! Oranges continue steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 r.Wfr2 BO for fair to good and J3'r?
3 BO for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 75c per
box and per basket.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 30035 c per drawer
and :i,r:;i._r per Ib In bulk; Blackberries from
Fresno. $1 25 per crate; from Covina, ;
Strawberries, $4^". per chest for small and $3
<'H for Inree berries; Raspberries, J. >iiil2 per
chest; Newcastle Raspberries, Jl@l 26 per crate;
Losan Berries, 50c per drawer.
Currants, 50<S>6oc per drawer.
Cherries. Sift 50c for white, 80<QS5c for Royal
Anne and 40@75c per box for black; black. in
bulk. r><o7c; white, 3@sc per lb; Royal Anne,
6<f(Sc.
Green Pears, 50© 75c per box and $1 per bas
ket.
FIGS— 7r,."i.ijl 50 per box.
Apricots. 75cifi$l Per crate and box for Prin
gles and SI'S? 2 per box for Royals..
Peaches, 75c@Jl 50 per box.
Plums, 75c?i$l 25 per box.
Cherry Plums, 50<S7Bc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 £094
per box; Seedlings, *! 2502 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50*12 25; Lemons, 75c<ci$l for com
mon and $1 'i:> r :\- for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, jr<<4 60; California Limes, 50<f175c per
small box; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l; Bananas, Jl 50
<&2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3(§4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS.-'NUTS AND RAISINS.
There Is nothing new to report in this mar
ket. It Is the ceneral opinion that the new
crop of fruits will open at strong- prices, the
Fame as fresh fruits.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 5@
r>^>c for 50-60' s, 4Si4'4c'for GO-70s, SVi@3%c for
70-BO's, 2-%(&3>^c for 80-90*8, 2%<5?2»ic for 90-100's
and 2@2^c for 100-110's; Peaches, BVi<o9^c for
good to choice, 10©10>/4c for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled; Apricots, UMQUc for Royals and
Hf/ific for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9V4<3
10c; sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal. I%C for imputed and 4 l .<r<B ! «c for pitted;
Pears'. 3@&c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3}«c for two-crown, 4*ic for three
crown, B%c for four-crown, t^./iitk- for Seedless
Sultanas, 3M:C for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@)3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds. 8©
9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, L4@l6c for
papershell; Peanuts. 6(&7c for Eastern and 4V>@
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, IWill.: for bright and B@9o
for lower grades; water white extracted, V^<iji
7 1 - ; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s©sM.c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Cured Meats continue firm and active, but
barreled goods are rather quiet. Prices show
some change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c p.er Ib for heavy.
B%@3c for light medium, lOV'llc for light. 12c
for extra light and 12\4(@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll%c; California
Hams, lOVic; Mess Beef, "sl3 per bbl; extra
Mem Beef, $11; Family Beef, $15® 50; extra
prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear, $16 50; mess,
$15/515 60; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at Stt@sKc per lb for
compound and 7%@7%C for pure; half barrels,
pure, 7%c; 10-lb tins, S'/ic; 5-lb tins B>/ic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, W4@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case, 9V4c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%cV; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, B>/4e; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, S'/ 2 c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, ~%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. •
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The activity In Wool continues and the mar
ket is very firm. Hides and Tallow are un
changed. There is nothing doing in Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9@9&c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6S6V£c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, lCc; culls and brands,
lie; dry Kip and Veal. lo@ls^c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10® 30c ' each; short
Wool, 85©80 c each; medium, 70*i90c: long Wool.
9Oc©tl 10 each: Horse Hides salt, $1 75<g2 25
for large and %l for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4VtC per lb; No.
2, 3 1 2 r <<3V-; refined, ; grease, 3c. .
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joa<juln and
Southerns, 7 months, 7'ii9c; year's staple. 868 c;
Foothill and Northern- free, ■ ll@14c; Foothill
and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada, IC&l3c-
Humhi-iidt and Mendocino, 14@16c. -■
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 (ggi^c
•Southern* .' 6 <§7V4c
Plains '6c
HOI'S— IS9B crop. MH&llc per Ib for ordinary
12@12%c for good and 13(glBc for choice to
fancy from first hands.
. - ■.'■ ■ '. " .
v GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. s%<g;sV4c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26®2Sc; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New .Welling. 1
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, ' $5; Wallsend, $7 50; *
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania '■ Anthracite- Egg,' $14;
Cannel. ?8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks. ; •
CORDAGE— Manila,' 9%c; Sisal, B%c; Duplex,
7%c basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 77%®57%c;
Asparagus $1 60@? 85; Tomatoes, 72%@77%c.
CANNED FRUITS— $1 35Cgl 50 -for
black and $1 su*il SO for white; Peaches, $1 40@
1 85; Pears, $1 60@l 63; Apricots, $1 35@1 50;
Plums, 95ci§$1 15.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@15c for prime
washed; ' WnUc for good. washed; 12(g'14%c for
good to prime washed pea berry; lie for good
peaberry; - lu*4igl2c for good to prime; 9@loc
nominal for good current mixed- with black
beans; B@9%c for fair; 6<37%c for common to
ordinary." Salvador— lo@l3%c for good to prime
washed; B©9%c for fair washed; 10%rgll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%@8%c for
superior unwashed; 7%@7%c for good green un
washed; . 9%@10c. for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — 7%@S%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; Stifle nominal for.
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l4%<& 17c for prime to fancy
washed; 10»ii?T13c for good to strictly good
washed; B®lo%c for Inferior to ordinary; 10%@
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; 9@9?4c
for good unwashed peaberry; 7%igS%c for good
superior unwashed. :-;""-
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 6@6Vic; cases,
<>%®'6*4c; cases, imitation Eastern, 7 We; bone
less, 898£ c; strips, 8%@9%c; blocks, BVi@9c;
tablets. 9Vi«?9%c; middles, S4;@loUc; desiccated,
S7%c, less 15 per cent: pickled, in barrels, $10@
10 50; pickled, half barrels, $5 i.o«j-5 75.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 25'g'2Sc per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 24<i(23e; Sole JLeather,
light. 24@25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 24@2sc; Harness Leather,
heavy, 32fa33c; Harness Leather, medium. 30®
I 32c; Harness Leather, light, 29@30c; Collar
I Leather, 14#16c per- foot; Kip, finished. 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished ;."'<i."",, ; Calf, finished.
75c@$l; Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14®16c; Rough Splits, S@loc
per tii.
California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1,'75c;
pure, $106; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 52c;
raw, 50c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut. 45®55c per gallon; lure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 50c; cases, 55c; Sperm,
crude, 60c; natural white, 40c; bleached white,
42% c; Whale Oil, natural white. 37% c; bleached
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 26@1 35 per gallon; wagon
colors, (2@2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—White Water Coal Oil, in bulk. ll%c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 16% c; Astral Oil,
16% c; Star Oil, 16% c; Extra Star Oil, -■>■■_•■:
; Elaine Oil, 21% c; Eocene Oil, lS%c; Deodorized
stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15%e; In cases, 21c;
» Benzine, in bulk, 15c; In cases, 20c; S6-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in cases, 2t3i\
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
B%c; 6s, 14 oz. 7V.ic; 6s 12 oz. 6%c; 6s, 10 os,
5%c; 12. 12 oz, 7', c. Granite (Mining) Candles—
! Is, 16 oz, 9V4c; 6s, 14 oz. S'/ic; 6s, 12 oz, 7iic;-6s,
I 10 oz, 6%c. Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s,
i 6s, white, 9'Ac; l's, 10% c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6®7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 61c; in iron barrels,
E2c; in wooden barrels, 58c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 47c; raw, barrels,
I 45c; cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
I and $39Jir3!) 50 for export.
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Refining Com
' pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, .'V:
Powdered, • -_,-; Candy Granulated, ■'"•»<■; Dry
, Granulated, o'ic; Confectioners' A, s',ic: Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra •'. 49ie;
Golden C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
] V more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, ',c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
I equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The top figure is again l>eing paid for Hogs,
as buyers are unable to force the market down.
The other descriDtions are steady and un
changed
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%©B%C i'er lb for Steers and 6%@7c
f,,r ( '..ws.
YEAL — 7(&8%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c: Ewes, 7c per It).
LAMB— S(SB%c per rb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@5%C for small. :.V"
s ic for medium and 5(&5%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%@5c; dressed Hogs, 7@ j
S%c.
LUMBER.
|
The market Is stiff and cargo rates have been
advanced.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16017; extra sizes, higher;
■ Redwood, $17918 for No. 1 and )15@16 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. "$2 20@2 30; Pickets. $18; Shingles,
$1 50*jl 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21 (ft 27.
I Shipment of 687,000 feet Redwood, valued at
i $13,0C4, to Cork.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCTS.
For Monday, May 29. i
I Flour, qr sks 18,502 Sugar, sks 10. 000 !
Wheat, ctls 7,716 Shorts, sks 22
Barley, ctls 4,838 Hay, tons 466 .
Oats, ctls £60 Wool, bags 7.'i
'■ in ctls 686 Hops, boles "■'.;, IS !
Rye, ctls 70 Pelts, bdls 676
, Butter, ctls 314 Lumber, feet .... 20,000
i Cheese, ctls 69 Quicksilver, flks. -40
Beans, sks 1,438 Wine, gals 110,100
Potato**, sks 1.314 Lime, bbls 376
Middlings, sks .. 103 Leather, r0115.... CO
. Bran, Bks 2.16S Hides. No 711
: Onions, sks 520 Eggs, doz 19.740 j
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3SO Potatoes, shs .... 537
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Btock and Bond Exchange was not In
session.
All thi- Exchanges will be closed to-day.
Mining st... ks were dull and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump Bald:
"We have run the first elevator continually
since noon yesterday, using more water power
and lowering the water 62 feet The water is
now iv 1 - feel below the 1730-foot level and 214
feet below the Butro tunnel drain boxes. The
top ol the 1860-foot level station is in good
condition."
The Boston .'mil Montana Copper Mining Com
panj paid a. dividend of $900, 1 yesterday, it
is the second dividend paid this your. Total to
date, 110,776,000.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
dividend of 60 cents per share June 1.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a dividend of 42 cents per
share, payable on June 1.
The Giant Consolidated Powder Company has
declared a dividend of 50 cents per share, pay
able June 10.
The California Powder Works paid a dividend
of $1 per share on the 20th.
The Central Light and Power Company's first
dividend of 5 cents per share was i»aid on the
20th.
In the Ophlr mine, in the Central tunnel
working?, the north drift has been extended 11
feet; total length, 2M :'->-t: face in quartz, clay
anil porphyry. The course of the hanging wall
Clay is nearly due north, and if there is no
change in the vourse of this clay we will reach
the Mexican south line In W) feet. The forma
tion that they are now drifting in is very
Will dellned and very like such as ore masses
are found In on the Comstoek. The east drift,
south of the Mexican shaft, was extended 7
feet; total length, 14 feet. At this point an old
east drift was disclosed that had been filled
with waste rock. On a level 56 feet above the
Central tunnel and 150 north of the above men
tioned east drift, there is an east drift in which
there are a few small caves damming up water,
so that the drift cannot be examined until the
water has been drained out. The dams are now
being removed and the drift will be examined
this week. The object of the work is to deter
mine whether an east vein exists in the neigh
borhood of these old workings. The connect
ing drift on the Butro tunnel level was ex
tended 16 feeti total, 164 feet; face in hard
hanging wall rock. Work has been continued
on the quartz stringers, and the southwest
drift extended I teet; total length, 16 feet: the
quartz stringer continues between well defined
clay walls and is beginning to show a greater
wi.lth In the bottom. No ore of any value has
been found in this drift for the past week.
In the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine during the past week the Comstock
Pumping Association has been engaged In the
followins work at the C. and C. shaft: 14<»
level — The west crosscut has been extended 27
feet; total, 565 feet; face In hanging wall rock
growing a little harder. There is still 14S feet
of this drift to be run before connection can
be made with crosscut No. 2 from the 1400 level
of the Consolidated Virginia shaft. The force
has been Increased and the drift will be driven
as fast as possible. 1650 level — Necessary re
pair:; are being made in the airways on this
level. 1760 level— The south drift from the west
crosscut has been extended S feet; total dis
tance from point of connection with west
crosscut, Im6 feet; face in old timbers and ore.
From this drift 15 cars, or 13-. tons, of the
gold value of $13 72 per ton. have been ex
tracted. The value Is divided as follows: -Gold.
$11 so; silver, Jl '.'2; silver calculated at 61 cents
per ounce. The point at which they started
work In this drift was where it had been bulk
headed to avoid gas and tire during the last
working of this level. For the purpose of con
tinuing work south of this dangerous ground
a drift had been run southwest and then again
turned south. They now find that the ground
and old timbers and charcoal are all thoroughly
saturated with the water that they turned
into this level from the 1650 level in March last.
As near as can be determined from the old
maps and records there is a chance of finding
a fair sized ore body in this neighborhood. The
mai>s show that the mass of ore stoped be
tween the 1800 and 17fo levels was 235 feet south
of the winze that they have Just equipped for
work. The ore that they have been extracting
is 80 feet east of the north and south drift on
the ISOO level. No west crosscut Is shown upon
the map Bt this point andjio reference Is made
In the reports of such a crosscut. The easterly
dip of the vein is not enough to have carried
the ore far enough east to have been exposed
by the INK) north and south drift. The shaft
men have been engaged during the week in
lowering the first elevator with it.s sections of
pressure and discharge pipes, so that it has
not been possible to install the new line of
6-Inch air pipe in the shaft. This they hope
to do before they shut down to repair the
main hoist.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140-foot
level, the north lateral drift was advanced to
a total length of 273 feet. The face is In low
2rnde quartz. East crosscut No. 1 Is out 54
feet. The face Is in clay. On the 900-foot level
the north drift from the end of west crosscut
No. 2 is out 66 feet. The face is in clay and
quartz.
At the Osbiston shaft of the Best & Belcher
and Gould & Curry mines they have started to
erect the gallows "frame. The water raised in
the shaft 14 feet 9 inches the past week. Total
depth below the station, 72 feet 9 inches. The
cause of this raise was a cave some distance
above the station that has deranged the plat
form over which they conducted the water to
the Sutro tunnel drain flume. This will soon be
repaired.
In the Chollar and Potosi mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the week
40 feet; total length, 50 feet: face in porphyry.
Sutro tunnel level — The Zadigr drift has been
cleaned out and retlmbered 20 feet during the
week; total, 280 feet; face In badly caved
ground.
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Spring Valley Water 10100
30 Spring Valley Water 101 UVi
75 Central Li^ht & Power 6 75
100 Equitable Gas 6 75
40 Hutchinsnn S P Co 34 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 374
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Oceanic S S Co 83 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 85 37<£
IS Oceanic S S Co 85 50
25 Market Street Railway 63 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 41 25
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 34 25
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
15 Contra Costa Water 70 624
25 Equitable Gas 6 75
10 Giant Powder Con 7.'. 75
10 llutchinson S P Co 33 75
50 Onomea Sugar Co 42 50
$1500 U B 3 per cent bonds 108 12Vi
Afternoon Session.
Board—
65 Giant Powder Con 75 75
15 Giant Powder Con 75 fi:! 1
-125 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. lo7 12>,i
51000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .lo7 25
50 Onomea Sugar Co 42 62' i
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 S7Vi
$2000 U S 3 per cent bonds 10S 12'zi
MINING STOCKS.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher .'>» 200 Gould & Curry 30
500 Caledonia 60 200 Hale & Norcrs 36
ZOO Challenge S3] 100 Ophlr 115
500 Chollar 34 1 100 Savage 27
100 Con Imperial... 021
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 59 100 Overman 16
100 Con Cal & Va.l 70 100 Yellow Jacket. 38
100 Crown Point... 28 k2 ...m w y v pu pup
200 Justice 19
Following were the sales 'In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '•■/-".. •"
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 52 300 Ophlr 115
300 Bullion 06;200Ophir 112%
200 Caledonia 58 • 300 Overman 16
400 Chollar 33 1300 Seg Belcher.... 02
300 Con Cal & V.I 77'- > 200 Sierra Nevada. 77
200 Con Cal & V...1 75
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 09 200 Crown Point... 27
200 Belcher 34 200 Mexican 44
800 Best & Belcher 49 300 Ophir l 07-.
750 Caledonia 68 408 Potosi 38
.■."('hollar 32 600 Savage 25
600 Con Cal & V...1 70 800 Sierra Nevada. 74
100 Con Cal & V.I 67,* 400 Sierra Nevada. 73
400 Con Cal & V...1 65 300 Yellow Jacket. 3&
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 29.-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 05 Justice IE l.<
! Alta 03 06 Kentuck — OS
Andes OS 09 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 32 33 Mexican 4! 44
I Best & Belcher 4S «9 Occidental 30 —
Bullion OS 06 Ophir 105 110
1 Caledonia 5S 59 Overman 15 16
Chollar 30 •31 Potosi 33 39
Challenge Con. 32 —'Savage 23 25
Confidence ..... 95 100 ■ Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 63 170 Beg Belcher.... 01 02
Con Imperial... 01 02 i Sierra Nevada. 74 75
Crown Point... X 28 Silver Hill .... — 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
i Exchequer Of 01 Standard 2502 To
.Gould \- Curry 29 30 Union Con 40 42
: Hale & Norcrs 35 36 Utah 15 16
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 36 . 37
!• ♦ •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John B. I>auing<r to Mary A. Donahue, lot
nn E line of Latdley str.-.'t, 149 >; N of Fair
nwuiit, N SO. NW ZOO, SE .'.O. S\V 200. lots 27
mi'! 28, block SO, Fairmount; gift.
Estate of C&rrle F. I'ackham (h- Thomas
Packham, administrator) to John Gavin, lot on
iNE lint- of Algeria (Eighteenth avenue), : : " BE
of N Street, BE 7.'. by NX 100. block 347, Case
Tract ; SI.
Henry BS. and I>>la B. Monroe to Mellta I.
Tallant (wife of George P.), lot on W line of
Devisadero street, 57:6 S of Vallejo, S 27:6 by
w no: $i.
Id nry Z. and Sarah M. .Tones to John A.
Fritz lot on S line Of Twenty-first Street, 152:8
W of Church, W 60:11 by S 114; ?1".
George and Christlnia Hay to I. 8. R. Teven
iliiU- lot on N line of Duncan street, 152:S \V of
Douglass. \V 50:11 l>y N 114; $1".
Auguste Masse) to Alphonse Grosbois, lot on
W line of Dupont street, 67:ti N of Bush, N 10
by W 0s:0: $6000.
Mary E. Comyna (single) to James K. or
James 8. Comyns, lot on NW line of Frederick
street, 150 SW of First, S\V 26, by NW SO, war
ranty deed; $."..
James E. or James S. Comyns to J. J. Raver,
same; $10.
John J. McDonald to Mary E, George A. and
William J. McDonald, lot on SE line of Minn;i
street 198 sw of Third, SW 30 by se 70; lot
on NW line of Jessie .street, 17.', SW of Fourth,
s\\" 26 by NW 76; also lot on SE line of Steven
■on street, 137:6 NE of Second, NE 61:6 by BE
SO; also lot on NE line of Cotter street, l" 11 NW
Of T-legraph road. NX 100, NW 60, NB 100, NW
60, SW 100, NW 60, SW 100, SE 160, lots 108, 11".
11l and 112, Academy Tract; also lot on N line
of "uk street. 247:6 E of Octavla. E 66 by N
120; $10.
Mary MilW 'by attorney) to Frank M. Char
ming lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, .t:, n
of Point LobOS. N 25 by E 120; $10.
W. K. Van Alen to Frances R. Laves, lot on
W line of Sixteenth avenue, 1>7:6 N of C street
N 25 by W B0; HO.
Herman and Henrietta Bred law to Frederick
W. Renn, lot on N line of Ridley place. ;;.".:. ;!i
E of Polsom street, E 25 by N 100, I. V. lots
186 and 137; $10.
Frederick W. Renn to Adela L. Renn (wife),
same; gift.
Frank V. and Ida McDonald to Mary Joyce,
lot on NE corner of California and York streets,
E 26 by N 100, P. V. lots US tij 281; $.mxj.
Mary F.. George A. and William J. McDon
ald to John J. McDonald, lot on N corner of
Roanoke and Chenery streets, NW 126 by NE
113, block 6, Fairmount; $1".
Alameda County.
Charles Wllte to George W. and Anna J.
Wllte, undivided one-sixth Interest in lot on S
line of Rowland street. 189:9 W of West. W 35
by S 140,. being lot 17, block B, map Of Henry
subdivision of Whlteher. Broekhurst and Ro
land Tracts. Oakland; $300.
Jose S. Mendonca to Mary Sllva, undivided
one-half interest in lot on E line of Magnolia
street, 250 S of Thirty-fourth, E 25, E 133:3, N
26 W to beginning, being the N half of the S
half of lot 4. block 677, Watts Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Ella M. Lovett to A. E. Lovett, lot oil NE
line of East Twenty-fourth street, 175 s#; of
Twenty-first avenue, SK 100 by NE 140. being
'ots 40 to 43, block S2, Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $4000.
Mary F. E. Hodge (wife of John R.) to L.
W. Forsting, lots 1. 2 and 3. blork N, Knowles
and Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract East
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Au
gustus Reed, the W portion of lot 143, in plat
40, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $«3.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Annie E Oelle
rich i wife of J. G. F.), lots 19, 20 and 21 block
P, Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $1000.
Annie E. and J. G. F. Oellerieh to Ida Wag
ner, lot on NE corner of Aleatraz avenue and
block ,1 Central Park Tract, N 100, W 40 S
100. E 40 to beginning, being portion of block 1
Central Park Tract, Berkeley, subject to mort
gage; $1000.
K. C. and Sarah T. Robinson and Elizabeth
Clares; to Jacob and Margaret C. Broeder re
record" 631 d 444, lot on E line of Stanford ave
nue. 111.20 N of Ashby, N 44.49, F. ir, 86 S
4n, W 151. 05, to beginning, being lot 26. block A
Adeline Tract. Note— This deed is re-recorded
for the purpose of having the records show
Margaret C. Broeder. The name Amelia does
not belong to second property, quitclaim deed
Berkeley; $125.
Lizzie M. and Luther J. Evans to L, 'j
Norton, lot on S line of Eddy street, 120 W of
Dwindle, W 240 by. S 132:6. being lots 2 to 7
block 6, Case Tract: also lot on S line of Kffi e
street, 200 W of Dwinelle, W 40 by S 130-6
being lot 6, block 7. same; also lot on S line
of Felton street, 160 W of Dwinelle street W
40 by S 13. r i, being the W 40 feet of the E SO
feet of lot 2, block 2. State University Home
stead No. 3. Berkeley; $1000. me
I.ulgl Raffetto to Jeannie D. East, lot on SW
line of HumiHnn place, 135.35 NW of Oakland
avenue, NW 30 by SW 90. being lot 32, Ham
ilton Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10
John Haekett and M. J. Madison to Helen M
W.ttstein. lots 7 to 10. block 101, Map of Wat
son property, quitclaim deed. East Oakland
slo.
James S. and Lizzie C. Naismith to A. H
Duncombe. same; $10.
W. J. Mortimer (administrator estate Ruth
Ann Van Duzer) to Alfred Christian, lot on s
line of Bancroft way. 200 W of Ellsworth
street. W 50 by S 130, being the W 60 feet of
E 100 feet of N half of lot 6, block 13. prop
erty of College Homestead Association, Berke
ley $2300
Isabel Treat (wife of Richard B.) to Clifton
H. and Grace Axtell, lots 38 and 39 resub
division block 34. Warner Tract, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township; $1. -
Catherine Brown to Luigi Ghirardelli, lot on
SE corner of Fruitvale avenue and Washington
Ftreett, S 30.40 by 107, being portion of lot 1.
block 772, on Map of C. C. Clay's subdivision of
block 772 and fractional blocks S 728. . -34. 141,
751 to 754 and 776, Levy and Lane Tract at
Fruitvale, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Felix and Delflna Ma reuse to Daniel J.
Healy, lot on W line of Mozart street, 220 S of
Railroad avenue, S 33:4 by W 51. 35. being por
tion of lot 6. Encinal Park Tract. Alameda; $10.
John C. Johnson to John E. Lackstrom. the
S half of lot 33, block B, on map of subdivided
block B. and portion of block A. "\ ernon 1 ark.
Oakland; $10. '__ _ ,
A. M. and Mary C. Benham and \\ . _R. and
Ellen L. Thomas to F. A. Fletcher, lot i. block
E, KUnknervllle Tract. Oakland Township. $10.
James D. and Miscella B. Graham to Evelfn
H. Shipi>ee (wife of W. A.), lot on SE line of
Hilgard and Euclid avenues. E 125 by B 80, De
ing lot ,-,, block 14, Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
A k S. AVo odb'ridge to Gertrude L Jess, lot on
A. S. Woodßridge to Gertrude L. Jess lot on
SW line of Glen avenue. 1083.05 SEof Redwood
road (survey No. 809). SE 50 by SW 110.2., be
ing the XIV half of lot 19. Bond Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. ' T .___
W. B. Birdsall to Pacific Coast Loan Asso-
I ciation, lot on E line of Court street. lOo.J » °
Lincoln avenue. S 53 by E 117:6',. being lot 15,
block. B, Sather & Robinson Tract. Alameda.
$lA.1 A. and Maria Glovannoni to EC Palmieri
lot on S line of Twentieth street. 462:9 E of San
Pablo avenue. E 29:2 by S IS, being lot 22 and
E portion of lot 21, block 2002, Hogan Tract,
Oakland; $10. _, „
Mary E. Jones to Charles E. and Grace K.
Elliott, lot 10. block F. Claremont-u venue
Tract, except that portion of lot 10 which was
conveyed by J. N. Williams to Mary E. J ones
by deed of September 11. 1896, and recorded in
604 d 20. Oakland, quitclaim deed: $10.
Ida and Theodore Wagner to William H. ana
Mary V. Hilton, lot on N line of Bancroft way,
538:11 W of Shattuck avenue, W 75, N IWJ.V<.
E 63.29, S 159.63 to beginning, being portion or
plat 68, Rancho V and I). Peralta. Berkeley;
also lot on SW corner of University avenue and
Fourth street, S 100 by W 98, being lots 4 ana
5, block '.'3, Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley; $14,000.
Builders' Contracts.
Jacob Kugel (owner) with J. T. Mclnnls (con
tractor), architect none — All work except
plumbing, sewering and painting for a 2-story
and attic frame building on lot on SW corner
of Twenty-third and Noe streets, S 26 by W 100;
$3705.
Ellen and Charlotte E. Dore (owners) with
S. A. Born (contractor), architect Thomas J.
Welch— Excavating, grading, support adjoin
ing buildings, brick, carpenter, iron, marble
and tile work, joinery, hardware, tinning gal
vanized iron work, lathine. plastering, glaz
ing for a 3-story frame building with brick
foundation (6 tenements) on lot on W line of
Gough street, 23:4 S of Grove, W 83:6 by S 46:8;
$8090.
Same owners with James E. Britt (contrac
tor), architect same— Sewering, plumbing, gas
fitting, water and gas services for same on
fame; work roughed in (860; finished and ac
i (■.-]. t,.,l $860: 3.'. days after $377; total $2217
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydr.israphic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
f.>r <rimparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tSm<- ball '>n the tower of the new Ferry
building-, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 12"th meridian, by telegraphic sipr.al re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice statins whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CAUKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. MAY 30.
! NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or rißht hand column givea the
i las>t tide of the day, except when there nre but
i-three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
! given are additions to the soundings on the
Vnlted States Coast Survey charts, «>xft'pt
when a minus slffn (— ) precedes the helßht,
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plan» of
| reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STEAMERS TO SAIL
TIME HALL.
Brand) Hydrngraphtc Office, I' P N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco' <- a i
May 29, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 12fifh meridian or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time. •
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 29.
Br stmr Carmarthenshire. Burch. 37 days fm
Hongkong via Kobe 29 days, via Yokohama 24
days, via Honolulu 9 days.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. 12 days from
Guaymas. via Knsenada 48 hours
Stmr Ciiy of Sydney, PiUsbury, days fm
Panama and way ports.
Stmr Newburg. Hansen. 68 hours from Grays
aHrbor.
Stmr Samoa, Johnsen, 24 hours from Eureka,
put into port to land passengers and freight.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett, hours fm
Ventura.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 47V£ hours from Port
land, and Astoria S9 hours.
Aus stmr Slam, Raichich, 90 hours from Ng
naimo.
Bktn Retriever. Sloan, 13 days from Seattle.
Sr-hr Laura Madsen, Rasmussen, 8 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Edward Parke, Johneon, 7 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr It=a McKay. Johnson. 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 29.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & C*o.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Colon, MacKinnon. Panama, etc; P M
S S Co.
Br stmr Carmarthenshire, Burch, Hongkong,
via San Dleeo; Cal & O S S Cn.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Portland, Lundquist, Unalaska, via
Victoria: Alaska Commercial Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Bark Haydn Brown, Paulsen, Kahulul; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Monday, May 39.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson. .
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Redondo.
Stmr Washtenw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Wnitesbqro, Johnson, .
Srmr Crescent City, Stockileth. Crescent CUT..
Stmr Point Arena, Hansvn, Mendoclno.
Stmr Colon. Mackinnon, Panama, etc.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Kureka.
Stmr Sunol, Liebig. .
Stmr Portland, Lindquist, Cnalaska. via Vic
toria.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Xanaimo.
MISCELLANEOTS.
LONDON, May 29— Br ship Pythomene, fmm
Newcastle, England, for San Francisco, put
into Montevideo with sundry losses and damage
sustained in heavy weather: also lost some
sails.
CHARTERS.
The Transit loads mdse for Honolulu.
The schr Corona loads lumber at Port Gamble
for Kailua: Novelty lumber on the Columbia
River for Callao, 42s 6d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Pi>HNT LOBOS, May 29, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west: velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 2S-Stmr Albion,
hence May 27. May 2'.t— Stmr Noyo. hence May
PORT GAMKLE-Sailed May 29-Schr Me
teor, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAT— Passed in May 2^-Stmr Walla
Walla, hence May 26, for Victoria
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 27-Schr
Guide, hence May 13. May 2«— Schr Jennie
Stella, from Redondo.
Balled May 27— Schr Lillelmnne. for Honolulu.
I l ' >I'.T LTTDLOW— Arrived May 29- Bciir Maria
E Smith, hence May 11.
• •ni is BAT— Sailed May 19— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco.
SAX DlEGO— Arrived May 29— Schr Thomas
S Negus, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 29— Stmr .George W
Elder, from Astoria
CLALLAM BAT— Passed out May 29— Bktn
Northwest, from Olympia. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 29— Stmr Weeott. hnc
May 27.
ASTORIA -Sailed May 29— Stmr Lakme. for
San Francisco: sohr Manila. for Shanghai.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 22-Stmr China,
from Yokohama.
Salted May 19-Sohr W H Talbot. for Port
Townsend: schr F S RedfieM. for Port Town
pend. May 20 — Br stmr Carmarthenshire, for
San Francisco. May 21— Stmr L»elanaw. for
Manila.
HILO— Arrived May IS— Bktn Archer, hence
May 7. May 20— Haw bark Roderick Dhu, hnc
May 10.
Sailed May 20— Ship A J Fuller, for New-
York. May 14— Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Francisco.
To Ball May 20— Schr Pioneer, for South
Bend.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed May 26— Br ship
Beacon Rock, from London, for San Francises.
LlZAßD— Passed May 27— Br bark Inverurle,
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed May 22— Nor stmr Aker.
for Portland. Or.
KAlCHOW— Arrived May 2«— Bark Hesper, fm
Port Lndlow.
I'KPARTT'RE BAY— Arrived May 27— Ship
Charmer, hnnce M?- 11.
NANAlMO— Arrived May 29— Nor stmr Tita
nia. hence May ZS.
MANILA — Arrived May 2«— Stmr Senator, hne
.April 2S. May 29— Stmr Ohio, hence April 28.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL! Arrived May 29— Stmr Carin
thia. from Boston.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 29— Stmr City of
Ri.iii.-. from Glasgow.
OCEAN THAI EL.
; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I,- . Steamers leave Broadway
I lßh-,. t wharf, San Francisco:
■kSSB^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
' I ■EPrwWssk May 21 - ? 6 ' 81: June 5; chacr*
K.NK^SI at peattle
G&lxSn JQI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i E)fl3iH«d??ai c>■ Port Townsend. Seattle.
1 f %iin Till Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. May 21. 26. 31: June.
6. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
'■ and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May
. 19. 24. 29; June 3. and every fifth day there-
. after.
For Santa Crne. Monterey, San Simeon.
. ; Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Oavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenerne,
. i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
; , Newport. 9 a. m.. May 20. 24. 28; June L and
: i every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ob/ppo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 18. 22. 26. 30; June 3. and every fourth
• day thereafter.
! For Ensenada, Mn:rdal*na Bay. San Jose del
• Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
. and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of. each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
• and hours of gntl'ng. ' -.";■ '
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
> street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PF.RTTTXS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market st . Pan Francisco.
| THP 0. R. ft N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POR,TT.,AND
■ From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC *l'-* l-irst Lias* .nemding lierthi
1/iilL <;q "-coon 1 C!.i<s* and Meal«
Columbia sails June 2. 12. 22; July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 7, 17, 27- July
7 17, 27. .': -
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
] Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
■••': -J-: E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
NEW rORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIJ.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. in.
New York May 31 I New York June a
St. Paul June 7 ; St. Paul June 2S
6t. Louis June 14 St. Louis July 5
RED 6TAR LINE.
*>w YorTc itrtA Jntwsrn.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington May 31 'South June 21
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June 28
Frlesland June 14 i Kensington July 5
EMPIRE LINE
6eattl«. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
v ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. in., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki j and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
; of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU ...Saturday. July 21
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
; Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
i W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
®M9f&BI10l The S. S. Australia
niafiißalsL FHll!i for Honolulu
rsE 0 * 1 ""*' Wednesday. May 31.
L"■ -, at 2 r m.
fk^^y^\ S. S. Alameda sails
StDanKhin-' vta Honolulu and
CylwlllljlllU-' Auckland for Sydney
/7%mß?nfL. Wednesday. June 14.
,»-_ vyilliyultfcp at m p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
.Samoa New Zealand. Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -p-riir
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <JEJH_!>
from Pier 42. North 'River, foot of '•*''■ ■"'■'■**
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. June 3; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, June 10: LA'BRETAGNE. June 17:
LA TOURAINE. June 24; LA GASCOGNE. July
1. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction en round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND -CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, a
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
~ Hamburg. American"
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For Failings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG.
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOQ A CO.. Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
IT! Montgomery st Pan Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. *
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJOL
Steamer ticello. "
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex.. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m. g
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. T*"?*
J FARE .v.AMERICA DOES
NOT REALIZE
HER FUTURE
Should Watch Trend
of China's Trade.
PARTITION CLOSE AT HAND
' j
EANGKOW RAILROAD TO BE
BUILT BY AMERICAN CAPITAL.
V
William B. Parsons, Chief. Engineer
of the Brice Syndicate, Returns
After Eight Months in the
Heart of the Empire.
William B. Parsons, chief engineer of
the Brice railroad syndicate of New York
City, was among yesterday's arrivals
from Hongkong on the steamer China.
Mr. Parsons has spent the past eight
months in surveying the route of the 750
miles of railroad which it is the inten
tion of the Brice syndicate to build be
tween Hankow and Canton. His labors
have taken him into the principal cities
of the empire and have brought him in
close contact with those men of all na
tions who are just now doing politics and
making history over there.
Mr. Parsons' duties have uiso taken
him and his five assistants through the
roughest and most inhospitable region of
the country, and he has come out of it
much Impressed with the future it holds
out to America, for profitable trade. "Just
now." said he last evening, "England is
holding the empire together. Were It not
for her it would be divided among the
powers next week, or the week after at
the latest. Or on the other hand it" the
■United States were to make common
cau.se with England the division would
be accomplished as quickly, and I think
the United States would come out with
as pood a slice as almost any of the
others.
[ship displayed bj the Eng
m residents of china
• r. -• - markabli conditions
that exist at th< present time, it is no
: commented upon everywhere,
and by everybody, and by some natlonali
-.:■' ; ma txni r As t he Inevi
partition pf the country approaches
•ai rivalrj and jealousy become
more ■ No one knows when it is
'o come. It may be this summer, maybe
but come it will and if
Is to be trouble over It It will be
from the outside. The Chinese will
II < v.-n in defense.
"You will not find an American or an
Englishman there who will not agree as
to the advisability and desirability of this
country participating in the breaking up;
neither will you find one who thinks this
country will. They would like to see it,
but do not expect to.
"America does not realize yet what Her
trade advantages and possibilities ai"e
there. The Chinese generally wish to
favor us. l had one day an opportunity
to see. I walked through the market dis
trict of one of the largest cities of the
empire with the president of the muni
ip-iliry. an Englishman. 'Notice the
markings on the boxes,' said he. I did,
and thrve-fourths of the stuffs on sale
and stored were of American production.
American motives are in use on nearly
all the railways and, as the demand in
creases. American, machinery is getting
the per hand in the market."
Concerning his own road Mr. Parsons
had.lfttle to .sir. He said he could not
say when actual construction would be
begun as he is just returning to New
York with his reports and until they have
been considered no action will be taken.
It may never be, for the reason that when
the partition .begins it is apparent now
tin' Russia- will ' acquire the section
through which the surveys run, and unless
some deal were made with the Russian
Government the American road would be
quickly shut out by the Russian Man
churian system now building. .Mr. Par- !
suns leaves to-day for New York.
ASSAULT WAS UNPROVOKED
aeorge Fouts Says the Man Who Cut
Him Did So Deliberately.
Pouts-, v. . ■ r. [y Btabbed
• of his wife in Alameda on
Sunday, denies thai h> received his injury
tlon. He also says the
1 the man who stabbed him U
~-:hm>. O'Brien being but one ol
.
- i me without warning,"
Baid Fouts last night, "l did not Btrike
him nor attempt to do so. I did try to
: l.is arm
me with the knife, bul l failed. Smitty,
I am told, Is wanted in Washington and
several Si He has himsell
at !i» not into trouble in Washing
ton and jumped his bonds, lie is my
ÜBin and since fie i
last fall he has made ail ki;:
He is a f.od talk. Mr: O'Brien
completely under his influen
ports him and
to. 1 am getting along .i.- well c
be expected and the I ay the\
think I will pull through. As soon as 1
tall have
Smitty arrested."
Mrs- Fouts denies that her husband
GRAPE-NUTS.
SBBO&BBIBBBKifiHBHaBBBBBB
■ ■
a Scientific Food S
n
I For Children. £
o . ■:. ■ • ' , • □
a • - b
1 Grape-Nuts. \
■ a
B ■
■ Round, Healthy ■
j Round, Healthy J
I BODIES 8
a ■
§ A. Sure Result. £
■ ■
■■^■■■■■■■HfIfiBHSHZSH*
MOTHERS FEEL A GREAT
RESPONSIBILITY IN
SELECTING FOOD.
The food either makes good healthy
children or it does not.
If they are not healthy, round and
rosy, ready for study or play, there
is probably something lacking In the
food. . ■■ ■•;•:••
A sure body builder for children (or
adults) is Grape-Nuts, the famous
ready-cooked food, and there is a rea-
son.
' Grape-Nuts contain natural phos-
phate, of potash and albumen obtained
from grains, and these elements com-
bine in the human body to form- gray
matter- in brain and nerve cells all over
the body. Such nourishment moans
vigor, snap/strength and force of both
mind and body. That is scientific feed-
ing. Now add a good hot cup of Pos-
tum Cereal Food Coffee (well boiled.
mind you), and a slice of entire wheat
bread and you have the youngsters fed
in a way that will bring the bluest
kind of returns as they grow up and
you see what they accomplish because
they have well . built bodies and good
sturdy brains.
This If 'worth thinking about.
Price, 15 cents per package.
. - ... - - .
MORE MONEY IN SIGHT
FOR THE DEWEY STATUE
THERE is a contest on among the members of the committee having In 0
charge the monument to Admiral Dewey and the American navy that <♦.
promises great results. At the meeting last Friday every member 0
was assigned a certain district with instructions to make a thorough <r
canvass of it for subscriptions. Saturday being a half holiday, the fg
committeemen had little opportunity to work, but the members were x
all out bright and early yesterday. ■:«.
Not one of them would give an inkling of the amount he had raised 0
during the day, saying he would keep that quiet until the next meeting of <f>
the committee, which will be held at Mayor Phelan's private office Thurs- >£
day afternoon at 4 o'clock. Several members, however, smiled complacently £
and admitted that they did not believe they would make the poorest show- <{>
Inc. &
From this it appears that there Is a friendly rivalry among them to see V
who will turn in the largest amount at the next meeting.. One gentleman £
admitted last night, with no little satisfaction, that if the other seventeen <$>
members did as well as he, the $50,000 mark would be left far behind by 0
next Thursday. £■
To-day being a holiday, nothing can be done toward augmenting the >?
fund, but' it will only serve to stimulate the patriotism of the people and £
call to their minds the debt they owe the heroes of Manila Bay. Let the <;.
citizens remember, when they come down town to-day to witness the pa- £
rade. that the business offices of all the newspapers are open and attaches £
will receive subscriptions to the fund. Contributors will be given a receipt 9
which can be changed for a souvenir receipt as soon as they come from the £
engravers. <&
Several plans are under consideration for the raising of funds and will &
probably be developed this week. A number of public entertainments have' <*"
already . been suggested by patriotic people, who are willing to contribute 8
their- talents and their time to the cause. Some of them may be arranged, <§>
but the members of the committee are of the opinion that the entire $100,- 0
000 will be raised without resorting to anything of that kind. ' x
Residents of interior cities and towns are bestirring themselves in the %•
matter, and in a few days coin will be poiiring in from the country. If A
every place in the State of sufficient size to have a postofflce were to con- '•'
tribute 16 there would be no trouble whatever in securing money enough to O.
build the costliest monument in the world. It is a good plan to try. What 'X
town will earn the honor of sending In the first $5? It can be sent to the <&
committee or any of the San Francisco newspapers. o
abused her and declares that Smitty s as
sertion that he was acting in her interest
when he attacked her husband Is all bosh.
■ * * ■
FLANAGAN NOT TRIED
Charges Against Him Dismissed.
Receiving Hospital Criticized.
The Board of Health held a special s---
--sion last night to Investigate charges
against Deputy Meat Inspector J. J.
Flanagan, which were embodied in a re
port filed by Chief Meat Inspector Davis.
While engaged in the performance of his
duty at Butchertown last Wednesday
night Flanagan became engaged In an
altercation with Albert L. Noll, engineer
for Miller & l.ux. mows were struck.
and during the excitement of the mixt':>
Flanagan bit Noll on the finger.
When the board convened Becretary
Dunne read a communication from MiHer
>v Lux in which they stated that the mat
ter had been brought to their notice and
that they had no desire to prosecute
Flanagan. Noll did not appear, as he did
not wish to air the facts of his (juarr.-l
with the Deputy Inspector (Jefore the
board.
After hearing Flanagans story the
board decided to drop the charges unless
the representatives of Miller & Lux em
bodied them in a formal complaint. As
Flanagan has deeply regretted the oc
currence the firm will in all probability
fail to press the case any further. Alt c
the meeting Flanagan was taken Into
custody by Policeman Butterworth and
booked* ai the City Prison on a charge of
attempt ai mayhi m.
A letter was. received from \\ • Mv Page,
secretary of the Building Trades Coun
cil In which he complained of the treat
ment accorded one Zlnkan at the Receiv
ing Hospital when he was taken there
last Saturday to be treated for severe
injuries sustained In falling from a huild-
Ing on which he was working. The com
munication was read and the board fie
cided to investig.a.- the matter at the
:.. x; meeting. It ran as follows:
"To the Honnrat.ii- Board of Health—
Gentlemen: I am instructed to bring to
your notice the case of Mr. Zinkan. a
. arpChter, who was on last Saturday.
May 27 Injured In falling from a build
ing upon which be was working. He was
examine,] at the Receiving Hospital by
the doctor in charge at 4 ]>. m. otl that
afternoon and left In a ward without
any attention, not even being given a
drink Of water until 9 a. m. the next
morning. When his friends called and
requested to see him permission was de
nied. It was not until the following
morning when they called to take him to
another hospital that they were allowed
to Bee him.
"Now, gentlemen, this is a very serious
matter, and I have no doubt that men of
your standing in the community will see
that this shall not happen again. We. as
working mechanics, rely upon the service
of the Receiving Hospital while in the
pursuit of our daily bread. Such treat
ment as heretofore described should not
be tolerated in a civilized community.
"Trusting that you will give this matter
early consideration, I remain, yours.
•W. M. PAGE,
"Recording Secretary Building Trades
Council."
A CLIMATOLOGICAL RECORD.
Forecast Official McAdie Makes an
Innovation.
Alexander O, McAdie, forecast official
and section director of the Weather Bu
reau, yesterday completed the April re
port of the California climate and crbp
service.
An innovation in the bulletin is the.
table showing the weather and tempera
ture conditions of this city for the past
twenty-eight years, compiled from the
ii cords of the local oureau. The fact is
established that the climate has not
changed during the period covered by
these records. The highest monthly mean
temperature Is fiO.ft, for September, and
the lowest 50.1. for January. The rain
fall will be considered in the next issue
■ : the monthly bulletin. It is proposed
t< publish each month data relating- to
BOrne one or two stations, beginning with
those having long period records. -Volun
tary observers are requested to send rec
of five years or more, together with
any notes showing extreme conditions.
Mr. McAdie takes iho opportunity to
thank the many voluntary observers for
the faithful work performed by them un
dei his predecessor, Professor Mammon.
Mr. McAdie will lecture on next Fri
day Dight before the Pacific Coasi Tech
nical Society in the Academy of Sciences
building. His subject will be "Storm
Structure."
■ m «
COSTLY SUNDAY FISHING
J. Tilles Paid Two Hundred Dollars
to Break the. Sabbath.
It cost John Titles, a fisherman, just $200
and fees of an attorney to go fishing on
Sunday. yesterday he was fined that
amount by Judge Hitchcock of Sulsun for
violating the State law which prohibits
the catching of salmon between sundown
Saturday evening and sundown on Sun
day evening. The law was passed In or
der to give these fish an opportunity to
go up the rivers to spawn, but if the
nets of the fishc-rs in the lower bay are
s. i all of the time during the run but few
escape.
The up-river fishermen favor the law
but those farther down the bay want it
changed. The arrest of Tilles was made
by Deputy Davis on April 9. together with
the confiscation of the mans net and
boat. Another net, for which no one has
laid claim, was found and t«ke n at the
same time. This has broken up the Sun
ilav fishing In Montezuma slouch.
AN ALUMNI BANQUET.
Graduates of St. Mary's College Re
new Friendships Around the
Banquet Board.
The Alumni Assoclaiton of St. Mary's
College held its annual banquet last even
ing at a down-town restaurant. About
100 graduates were seated at the banquet
board. Stephen L. Sullivan, president of
the alumni, acted as toastmaster. The
following toasts were appropriately re
sponded to:
"The College— Past and Present," Ste
phen L. Sullivan; "The Younger Ele
ment." John E. Richards Jr.; "What We
Have Done," Hon. Frank J. Murasky;
"What We May Do." John T. Greany;
"Our Graduates," Rev. Brother Walter;
"Some of the Older Boys." Rev. Brother
Erminold: "The Christian Brothers,"
Charles J. Heggarty; "The Class of '»,"
Rev. Brother Agnon. An excellent mu
sical programme was also' rendered. The
.-.ffalr was one of the most successful ever
«lven by the college alumni.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1899.
JUST AN ORDINARY
SCHOOL EXAMINATION
| NO POLITICS IN THE LATEST DE
MAND OF SUPERINTENDENT.
Schools Can Only Be Graded by an
Inspection of the Pupils' Work
and That Must Be Writ
ten Out.
There has been a great deal of crlti
eism of the parents of school children on
the scheme of the Superintendent <>1"
Schools to demand from the classes writ
ten examinations to qualify for promo
tion, it has been denounced as a plan to
save work for the. teachers and an at
tempt to shift the responsibility for a
failure from the teachers, who should
know tli. capabilities of the pupil, to the
pupil. It is charged that it is an attempt
on th>' part of the teacher to cram the
undone work of months into a few weeks,
much to the detriment of the child's
standing, and it has also been charged
that it is an attempt to evade the proper
responsibilities of the instructor.
Superintendent Webster says, however,
that the scheme is only to allow of a
more uniform grading of the schoolß. As
it is now. hi says, the only way he can
judge of the standing of a school is by
an examination. He cannot go to everj
school in the city and personally exam
ine each class, and so he must judge by
the standing of the pupils in an examina
tion. It is of vital Importance, he says .that
each school be on an educational equal
ity with every other. In some schools the
highest grade is below the second grade
of another, and when pupils are trans
ferred from one to another they find
themselves either far behind and unable
:.> catch up. or they are far ahead and
have to go over the work they have often
done before: they lose time, grow list
less and Idle, and a real harm is done.
Th.- only way to keep the schools on an
equality, Mr. Webster says, is to exam
ine the pupils to find out just how far
they have advanced, and having done
that, to hurry the slow ones and keep
back the too rapid.
There is no political significance in the
examinations, be .-ays. It was reported
at one time that the idea of examinations
grew out of a' desire to find fault with
tin- teachers, and by securing resigna
tion? from those whose classes made the
poorest showing make room for more ap
pointments to pay the political debts
of the board; but this idea is scouted by
the Superintendent. He says there can
be no politics in such v proceeding, and
he lets it go at that. It is well known
that one teacher may have an exception
ally dull class, while another may have
;.!i exceptionally bright one. and it is re
alized that the best proof of a teacher's
ability i.- not always found in the stand
ing of her pupils.
A FIT SAVED HIS LITE.
A Despondent Lover Was About to
Make a Second Attempt at
Suicide.
Fred Redhouse, who threw himself In
front of one of the Sutro electric cars
about three days ago and who afterward
stated that his perilous position was the
result of an accident, was taken to the
Receiving Hospital early this morning
suffering from the effects of a fit. Short
ly after his arrival there some one com
municated with Alice Reynolds, with
whom Redhouse is in love, stating that
lie had cut his throat, and shortly after
ward the woman appeared with the fol
lowing letter which she had received a
short time before:
Mv Dear Alice: When jrou read this, letter
I w'lll be in the other world. I wisli when I
threw myself on the Sutro railroad track that
I hud been out In two. I love you better than
my life, and without you I don't want to live.
To-night I am KOing to the Louvre and Intend
to CUT my throat. You have deserted me and
I have nothinx more to live for. FHEI).
After writing the letter Redhouse went
to the Louvre, but before he had a chance
to carry out his intentions he was seized
with a "tit and taken away in an ambu
lance. He had no weapno in his posses
sion, but is said to have always carried
a razor. He probably Intended to secure
a deadly weapon in the saloon.
It Is Not a Trust.
The Supremo Court yesterday handed
down an opinion in the ruse of the estate
of Charles A. Steel, deceased of Los An
geles, affirming the judgment and order
|of the lower court. \V. M., Charles A.
and ldella D. Steel, children of the de
; ceased, applied to the Superior Court for
: an order of distribution of a nortion of
i the property, which was denied. It was
from thia denial that the appeal was
taken. They contended that the will of
I their father purports to vest the estate
in trustees for the benefit of the widow
and certain other children, and that the
1 trust Is void under the statutes of the
! Civil Code against perpetuities. The Su
preme Justices do not take this view of
the will, and the appeal was denied.
Christian Endeavor Reception.
A reception was tendered by the Golden
Gate Union of the Christian Endeavor
Society to its recently elected president,
J. A. Wiles, in the parlors of Calvary
Church last evening. The evening w;us
. njoyably spent In music and speeches.
Mr Wiles addressed his friends and gave
an interesting account of the recent prog
ress of the society, stating that Dr.
Clark' president of thu United Society,
had remarked that the recent State con
vention in Oakland was the largest he
had ever attended.
. ♦ «
To Protest Against Imperialism.
A grand mass meeting will be held at
the Metropolitan Temple this evening un
der the auspices of the Socialist L,abor
party. The object of the meeting will be
to protest against Imperialism and the
war A large crowd will be in attend
ance and several prominent speakers will
be on hand for the occasion. In addition
to the discussion a programme has been
prepared which includes vocal and instru
mental music and recitations.
A Bunko Man Arrested.
Harry Chandler, an all-around crook,
bunko man and gambler, was arrested
I last night and charged at the Central
police station with vagrancy. Chandler
haR been in the habit of accosting people
! on the street and demanding money and
; insulting them. He has a very unsavory
reputation. The police have been looking
J for him for some time.
LOVING TRITE
TO MEMORY Of
THOMAS MOORE
Admirers of the Poet
Sing His Praises.
FEAST OF MUSIC AND VERSE
DR. VOORSANGER EULOGIZES
THE "SWEET SINGER."
Celebration of the 119 th Anniversary
of the Birth of Ireland's Minstrel-
Patriot in Metropolitan
Temple.
Metropolitan Temple was filled to over
flowing last night by the admirers of
Thomas Moore, the "Sweet Singer of
Ireland," the occasion being the celebra
tion of tho one hundred and nineteenth
anniversary of the birth of Ireland's
patriot-minstrel by the Halfe-Moore Club.
The interior of the temple was hand
somely decorated with the national colors
of Erin, ferns, palms and roses, while the
stars and stripes were prominently dis
played in the center of the stage, form
ing a drapery for the speaker's desk.
Thomas K. Hannerman presided, and be
side him on the stage were seated Rev.
Dr. Voorsanger, the orator of the even
ing, and Mayor Phelan. The programme
was (jf rare merit and artistically ar
ranged and rendered. Every number was
appended with true Irish impartiality,
and tin- vocal solos by Miss A. Rooney
and Miss K. V. McC'loskey were especially
favored in this respect. But the feature
of the evening was the address of Dr.
Yoorsanger on "Thomas Moore as an
Irish Nationalist."
Dr. .Voorsanger made a decided hit by
his apt remark when introduced by Mr.
Hannerman.
"I can think of but two things that
recommended me to Mr. Bannerman as
the orator of this occasion," he said.
"One is that I looked so much like an
Irishman, and the other that being a
Jewish theologian I must needs know
more about Thomas Moore than any one
else."
It was several minutes before the tu
mult of laughter and applause subsided,
and then the speaker proceeded to pay a
glowing tribute to the poet whom all
Irishmen love to honor. He declared that
the battle-cry of the Irish as poured forth
in song by Moore was the ancient battle
cry given to the children of Israel by
Moses, and which has become the battle
cry of all liberty-loving peoples of the
world, "God, country and human liberty.
The speakers remarks that the part
taken by the Irish in developing this
country was sufficient answer to the
boasted pretense that this country was
altogether built Up by the Anglo-Saxons
was roundly applauded. In conclusion
Dr. Voorsanger said that while Moor, ad
vocated peaceful methods as against des
perate deeds to secure the freedom of
Ireland, he regarded him as the true Irish
Nationalist. Following is the programme
rendi red:
i >rßttn selections, "Irish Melodies," IliM
Marie Giorgtanl; Introductory remarks, Thomas
H Bannerman, president ; Kojirano solo. "The
Meeting of the waters" (Moore), Miss Anna
Rooney; bass »010, "O, Where's the Slave So
tiowly* 1 (Moore), Qeorpe V. Wood; poem,
"Thomas Moore," written for the Balfe-Moore
dab, by Miss Inn f.'oollirlth: violin solos, Irish
airs. Benedict Smith; vocal quartet, "I Saw
From the Ueach" (Moore). Miss A. Rnoney,
.Miss K. V. McClOskey, Ilhys Thomas, <I. V.
Wood (specially arranged for the Balfe-Moore
<Luh by Rev. A. B. Coltelli, S. J.)j addrebK,
'Thomas Moore as an Irish Nationalist." Rev.
I>r Voorsanger; contralto solo, "O, Breathe
Not His Name" (Jfoore), Miss Ella v. Me-
Closkey; reading, (a) "Remember the Glories
ol Brian the Brave." (b) "We May Roam
Thro' This World," <c) "O. the Shamrock"
(Moore). C. B. Newton; tenor solo. "Relieve
Me II All Those Kndearlng Young < 'harms'
(Mo re), Rhys Thomas; cornet solo. "The Harp
That dnc«- Thro' Tnra's Halls" (Moore), l»uie
Franchl; soprano solo,' "Tho' the L^ist Glimpse
• : EriH (Moore), Miss Palsy V. Keane; vooal
ciuartet, "The Star Spangled Bnnner," Mis.-.
Rooney, Miss McCloskey, Kh>s Thomas, G. V.
Wood; musical director, Sydney Homecraft.
DIED WHILE TRAVELING.
James de Fremery, the Well-Known
Capitalist, Passed Away on a
Train in Colorado.
James de Fremery, who, according: to
the telegraphic dispatches, died in Colo
rado while en route to this city, was the
founder of the well-known firm of Gilde
meester, De Fremery & Co. of this city,
which is still in existence under the llrm
name of James de Fremery & Co.
The deceased was president of the
Chamber of Commerce for two terms and
v. as active in the management of the Sav
ings and Loan Society, the Giant Powder
Company, the American Sugar Refining
Company, several Oakland street railway
companies and various other enterprises.
He was also Consul for the Netherlands
for many years, receiving in recognition
of his services the order of Knight of the
Netherlands Lion. Ho was also Consul
for Mtcklenberg Schwerin.
His work, however, by which he was
best known in this city was in connec
tion with the San Francisco Savings
Union, founded by himself, John Archi
bald, Albert Miller and others in 1862. and
of which he was president for about
twenty-five years, the success of the insti
tution being in great measure due to his
financial skill and the confidence reposed
by the public in his prudence and integ
rity.
Mr. de Fremery was born on February
17, 1826, on the estate of his family at
Ouwendyck. near The Hague. Holland.
Leaving home at an early age, he arrived
in New York in IS4K, where he engaged in
commercial pursuits. He remained there
three years and left for California by way
of Panama, arriving here in 1849.
Socially he was excellent company, hos
pitable and charitable; deserving poverty
never appealed to him in vain, and his
charities followed the ungrateful as they
did those who appreciated his benevo
lence. Ho was a man of extensive read
ing, and a writer of force; he contributed
to the newspapers when there were ob
jects to accomplish in the interests of
progress and good government; he wrote
miscellaneous articles on many occasions,
and published several books. Of late
years he has been busy with the prepara
tion of a local history.
The wife of Mr. de Fremery died several
years since in Switzerland. For descend
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT
PRICEJ2S.OO.
jflflL^Jl\j^^b»-^^^^>s*^W^Vy^3^B This Belt is warranted to X the Latoet
flßlmll ljiuft^?: ? t IV^iT.T' > CT .idffla Improved, most powerful and in all re-
BiKZ3mT& i ~ /'.' X ' V,' ' 7 V r K>'VS3HI spects the Pest now manufactured in
■HsKT/WV 7 < i\kl</ s -^J>WraH any rart of the worlJ - Its equal docs
HBtPbrSSs***^ M,<itr4.(y i. i«-r f "mr'ffrMl not exist. The Galvanometer shows Its
HHBlM^^CSV.jaHl^K'GJS^ flTlifl'/Bw^ electric current to be double that of any
nManl 1 1 rnfllMa *n nL-ll'lny^ ether. Easily regulated! Durably In-
W^WiN? O.I^^^IJJ rt\.2r3^- % Bulated! Latest Improved attachments!
"fl <T7>3fci \T*™-P<tswlß£sM3&§7^h — Special conductors and electrodes Double
\.\Z l/Lf^T' •L J! Vy " (rk \\\y wlrP susppnson' for men. Satln-llned
iXilay/Wx -^/KVV^i/l?NA>s. bod belt - -II wlll cure any disease on
y\~jjl>\ ! K-^^Mi'^\h^ fir v earth that It Is possible to cure with
fI ' J£*MG{~?m-. ~~~ N. B.— The kind of belts others sell at
1 - high prices we furnish at Jftt.RO.
'CC^^kH'^^' ' • 1-^ Buy no belt till you call on us or
r\U^ send 2c stamp for "Booklet No. 3."
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palaoe Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
ants he leaves a son, James L. de Frem
ery, resident in New York, and a daugh
ter, the wife of P. J. Van Loben Sels, re
siding at the homestead in Oakland.
CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Celebration in Honor of the Founda
tion of the Order Twenty-
Years Ago.
So great was the crush at Odd Fellows*
Hall last night by those who desired to
attend the twentieth anniversary cele
bration and jubilee of the Order of Cho
sen Friends that before the second num
ber on the programme had been an
nounced it became necessary to close the
outer doors, and by reason of this hun
dreds were denied admission. An inter
esting programme of music, songs and
specialties of a high order was present
ed, those taking part being Miss May S.
Cook, Miss Katie Krone, the Waterman
Bisters, Stanley Rankin, Professor Tra
velle, William Fletcher and the Misses
Annie and Grace Shean.
There was also an address by Grand
Councilor \V. H. Savage, remarks by
Past Grand Councilor Boehm. and the
presentation of Chosen Friends' watches
to a number of ladies and gentlemen in
recognition of their services to the order.
DEWEY'S COUSIN IS HERE.
Arrived Yesterday on the China After
a Visit to the Admiral.
A. B. Dewcy of Chicago, a cousin of
Admiral Dewey, arrived yesterday with
his wife from Hongkong on the Bteamer
China. Mr. Dewey has been in Manila
and Japan since January and in March
called upon his illustrious relative on his
flagship, the Olympia. in Manila Bay. He
spent three weeks in and about the city
and on the American firing line.
He ridicules the reports of Dewey's ill
health and says that, on the contrary, the
admiral was in as good spirits and in
much better physical condition than h<'
would expect to find a man of his years
after the ordeal he had been through.
Mr. Dewey says the American volun
teers, while they would be glad to be
home, at the same time are anxious to
stay where they are as long as there Is
fighting to do. The health of the hoys.
he says, is better than at any time since ;
they left San Francisco and the hospital
service has been reduced to an almost
perfect working basis.
Mr. and Mrs. Dewey leave to-morrow
for Monterey and Santa Cruz.
PORT CHARGES IN
MEXICAN PORTS
IMPORTANT CIRCULAR ISSUED
BY THE CONSUL.
Lighterage Fees Being Unlawfully
Assessed on Ships and Cargoes
in the Southern Re
public.
The following: circular conveying im
portant information regarding port
charges in Mexican ports has been is
sued by the local Mexican Consul:
The President of the republic has
ordered that the Consulate shall, by
every means at its disposal, make
known to the shippers of goods into
our country that the Government has
been informed that some navigation
companies have wrongfully charged
them for lighterage, dockage and ton
nage on loading and unloading and
other charges, expenses and fiscal
fees, which are or are not paid, but
are charged fraudulently by the com
panies to the shippers or consignees,
or which, if paid, amount to mucn less
than charged to them by the com
panies.
The President recommends to you
that in the notices issued by the Con
sulate and posted in the office care
should be taken to state that for the
benefit of the shippers of goods into
the republic, as also of those com
panies that do not commit the abuse
referred to, he has ordered thai such
notice be given so that they may in
all instances verify the exactness of
the charges that the companies may
make for port dues.
In the notice it ! should be stated
that the only fiscal port (lues charge
able to -merchandise- on its importa
tion, and which, according to law, the
Custom-houses should collect from
the Importers, and not from the ships,
is that of "loading and unloading,"
applicable at present only at the port
of Vera Cruz, and at the rate of $1
(silver) for each ton of 1000 kilograms
of merchandise, gross weight, except
those specified in Circulars Nos. S3 and
85. .of July 28 and of September 30,
1898, which said merchandise pays
only 50 cents for each ton weight.
Cargoes subject to the dues stated
which are discharged totally by means
of lighters, or those which are trans
shipped from one ship to another an
chored in the port of Vera Cruz, com-,
ing consigned to other places, pay
only one-half of the rate before men
tioned.
All other port dues chargeable at
ports of foreign entry are imposed on
the ships. and not on the merchandise.
Notice. must also be given that,- ac
cording to the law of the country,
no fiscal dues are paid in gold, but in
silver, and that the charges made in
some ports by some companies, au
thorized therefor by the Government,
are also payable in silver; as for ex
ample, the so-called "bar dues"
charged by the Canalization Company
of the port of Tampico, the charge's
for unloading on private wharves or
on those of construction companies,
such as those at Progreso, Frontera
and Laguna (Carmen Island), and also
the expense of lighterage, delivery and
other fees that some companies are
accustomed to charge as in addition
to the freight.
Finally, regarding those vessels that
bring merchandise, with lighterage
paid, to ports such as Vera Cruz. where
dues for loading and [unloading
are payable, attention 'should be
called to the fact that if the vessel
ties up to the wharf or dock there is
no expense of lighterage, and there
fore dues for loading and unloading
are charged in full; but If there should
be lighterage then those dues are re
duced one-half, as already stated; but
in either event the dues for loading
and unloading are chargeable to the
Importers and not to the ships.
TO TRY MIDWEEK COURSING.
At the Instance of Leashmen the Ex-
periment Will Be Tried at
Union Park.
With but one coursing park in opera
tion in the metropolitan district, it has
been found impossible to accept all the
dopa offered for entry at Union Park. At
suggestion of the leashmen it has been
determined to try midweek coursing:. If
this proves a success it will be con
tinued.
The first trial will be made on June 8
with a 64-dog stake, the entry being
limited to non-winners.
At their meeting yesterday the Super
visors again deferred action on the ap
plication of the lngleside Coursing Club
for permission to resume the selling of
auction pools at its park.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
J||||bA.tß titb
SiOK HEADACHE
.Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
3 l i jSlfflSfirelfc^ No KNIFE or PAIN
<f* /are lßfi**fr No Pa ¥ until
* Any lump in a
\?BffiH&g^!''y woman's breast is
Jjjjgjb H^^> cancer: they al-
ii^^BßPjftl *a y s poison the
ft IP i^^ftLy / Vglands in armpit.
B ** f^ ■J When ihe cancer
la armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hare Cured
S. R. AMLEY, M D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
YIN Mill
Marian! Wine Tonic .
Marvellous Results in Cases of ■
SPRING FEVER
TOR SALE AT ALL. DRUGGISTS' EVERY*
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait*
and endorsements Xr«;e.
hLAiU M & CO., DZ \V 15TH ST., NEW YORK.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
{MUSEUM of anatomy*
A £$ 1051«ABEEI5I.tot.6diS7tli;S.r.W. 4
X t^f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A — ijjfc^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
W jggffi disease posilivrly cared by the oldest T
; 9 IPS! Specialist on the Coan. ' list. 36 years- 9
4 d§OT| OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES £
\ •Cili?Z)S Consultation free r.nd strictly private \
\R If fIR JV>M«ir« Curt in every case undertaken. T
, AW If lift Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
r 1 II I1 * M4«nU«»:, MAILED FREE. (a"
1 £1, valuable book for mm) \
, V »K. .lORI>4> *<•<>. 10.1 Market St. 8. F. 9
i |K?ISDR. HALL'S REIN ViGORATOR
JB£|gßB Five hundred reward fur any
6p"™ case we cannot cure. This secret
SL^ B remedy stoDS all losses in 24
1553| hours, cures Emissions, lmpo-
-1 iTJPi KmTTI 'tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
NyJ raSl Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
■p(J!_BB^3 Manhood and all wasting effects
1 X— > — ' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
! STITUTE, 868 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
; for sale at 10734 Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
f***^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i *m«&m1 625 REARM' NT. Established
m fel F ß *l|a in 1554 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625HEABXY.ST Established
In 1554 /or the tmatmpnt of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
fe Eaa£w?C«L disease woaringonbodyaniimirnlntid
2Sw^?wsl Skin Uisfmsca. raedocioroureswh»ii
other!" fall. Try him. Charges low
ragSaea&aa t'nrf»gii»n»iit :••■«». Cuilorwrit(>.
2>r. J. E- UIBBON. Box 1957. 5 ac Francisca
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3Mi DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
_ ___ _
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
j Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
• P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY. I .
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. ■.■'.'
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEOmCE— 123 MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. :
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Joso Office — West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiH
?1| VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
: Prom Jan. 2S, 1898. trains will run x follow:
South bound. ~ North-bound. .
Paesen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. . Sunday ; Stations. Sunday ger.
! Dally. Exc'ptd . Exo"ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
i »:10am 2.05 pm Merced 11:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am i 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
; 11:38 am 7:45 pm Hartford '7:45 am 1:45 pm
i 1:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
' 11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
; 12:16 pml 6:63 pmj Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
I For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
. «tr*et San Francisco. ■ ■ ,
AUCTION SALES,
GRAND AUCTION SALE
&* — OF — £*
FORTY-FIVE HIGHLY BRED TROTTING*
HORSES, PONIES. CARRIAGE
TEAMS, ETC. .
Handsome roadsters, stylish, matched teams,
draft and all-purpose horses, ponies, and on«
of the handsomest stallions in California, In-
cluded in this sale. 4
BELLOTA sToCK FARM
BELLOTA Si OCX FARM
(C. E. Needham, Proprietor).
WEDNESDAY.
WEDNESDAY MAY 31, 1899
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
1 721 Howard street, near Third.
HORSES AT SALESYARD. .
W.M. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
mvtuku.i PACIFIC COMPAST.
IrACirio system.)
! Trains ■•!»¥« «nd ure due to srrlv* MS
■AM I'ltiJil'lW'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lsavt? — From May 7, 1399. — akeiti
7:00*. I!™icia. Suisnn an:l Sacraments. . . . 5:45*
TiOOa Maryaville, OroTill^and Holding vi«
Woodland 0:45p
7:OOa rimira, Vacavillo and Rumsey 8:-»3F
?:3Oa Martinez, Baa Ramon. VaUsJo, Nap»,
Calistoga and Santa Rota. 0:1 5p
8:OOa Atlautlo Uxpress, Ogden and Kast.. 8:43r
»ti»«A San .lorn. Livermore, .Stockton,
lon6, Sscrameuto, P'.act'rfUJß,
Mruysrillo, Chlco, «ed lilurt <:I.lp
8:3Oa 'Milton, ()akdalu and Honor*. ■ 4:15p
9:OOa H::y wards, Nil* 3 and W..y Stations. H:4sa
O:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced undKre?no 12:13» •
M:(m>a Fresno, Uakenfialil, HanU !'.:itl'ar».
Los Angeles, Doming, Xl Paso,
New Orleans and Kast «:l*p
1 0:00 a Vallejn, Martini:?; and Way Stations . 7:4.1»
1I:OOa Haywards. Vila and Way Stat:ocs. 2:43»
I2:<M>U Nucs, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. ViaaUa,
--y', PcrterriUe ....... 4:10»
•ls«or Sacramento River Sten men »»:00r
8:OOp llaywardn, Niles and Way Stations. 3:43r
4:OOp Martinet, Han Uainon, Vallejn,
Kiip.i, C'alirtU>K». .Santa Nona U:i»»
4tOOp Benicia, VacaTille, S»criu>ieiito,
Wouiltand, Knights Lauding.
Marynvlll,-, Ornvilln IO:4f»*
4:3rtr Niles, Baa Jose and Stockton 7:1."»F .
4:aop Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15p
S:OOr Stockton, Merce.l, Frosuo. I 2:15»
s :o(>p Martinez, Tracy, M.-tidota, Fresno,
Mojave and Ik)« Aniji'lm 8:4»A
ftiO«p Santa I"" liullt.o, Atlunllo ICxiircßS
forMdjave and Rut 0:43*
S:OOr Tlio Owl. Fresno, Bal;« rsfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los A ngtles 8:43 a.
Koropeuu Mail, Ogilun Cast 0:43 a
»:OOp Hay wards, Niles and Han Jose 7: 15*
•«:OOi> Valiejn 12:13p
7:0 Or invKon KxproavHaenuueßto, r.lnrys-
vlllo, Uu.l.linj,', I'ortlan.l, Tnget.
8 .«T ami Kti.it 7x43A
' J*:OOr Vallcjo. Port Costa and Way .Sta-
tIQPB tlO:--%OF
. COAST IM VISION (N'.inoiv <. M u^-e).
I (Foot of Market Street.) ' J _
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station) s*:<>3«>
8:15 a ftswark.CcnterTilli , Ban Jose, Fel ton,
Boulder Crcek.SantaCruzaud Way
BtatioßS 3:3»»
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, Sun Jose, New
Almadeu, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa ' Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:504
4:l»rBiiu Jose, Glcnwood and Way Sta-
tion* 0:20 a
64:15pFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiong /»:20A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSSi; rRIKCISCO— Foot o r Kariet Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 r.DO iIKJOA.T*. 11:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 15:00 *6:Coi\m.
FroiaOiXUKD— Foot of Broad wnj.— "(s:oo 8:00 M.OOa.ii.
112:03 '1:00 12:00 '3:00 11:C3 -g.SJr.H.
COAST DIVISION (Rroa<lflnug«).
(Third rind Tovvnseriil St-.)
*6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *6:3O»
•7:OOa San Joao ntul Wny Btatlnua (New
Aim,,,;,-.! Wednesdays on!}) l:30»
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Bant* Cruz, •r;icifio Grove and
Principal Way Stations !S:33*
8:00 a Han Jose, Tret Tinus, HlUlta Cruz,
racllio Orov«, Paao Hollies. Sail
Luis Ohispi>. Guadalnpe, surf and
rrinclpal Wny .Stiitii.ns 4:IOr
I«:IOa San Joaoand Way .Station* »8:OOA
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations S:3OV
•2:45i-Ban Mated, Ilodwood, Mcnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Man .lose.
Gilrny, Hollister, Baut» Crm,
Salinas, Monterey and Paciflc
Grore *10:36 a
•»:ROpSanJose mid Way Stations *0:OOA
Ban Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:4.1*.
•3:OOp San Josoand Principal Way Stations 6:354
s:3O|' San Jose an. l Principal Way Statiuua •8:1154
6:30|- Sail Joss and W ; Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose aud Way Jitatinns... " 7:30p
1 A for Morning. 1 ' or Afternoon
•Bnnday excepted. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday only,
iiSaturday and Sunday /'Sunday and Monday. -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ok" .Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,. V
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
3:40, 6:1." p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:65 and 5:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
aame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April IS, • —
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petahirna, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 aa
HealoSburg;,
Lytton,
Geyserviile.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 ami . Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pna
7:30 am . . 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma il0:40 am 8:40 am
and I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 rm 6:20 pm
( -
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 .10:25 am
8:30 pm! 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Spring: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hiitlvill*.
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brace,
Westport, Usal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum«
mtng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via B*tuolito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
• FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »S:(JO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15. »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, *9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00, »1:43, »2:30. '4:00, 6:30, 6:4.'. p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (') run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40. 7:55. 8:40, *10: JO
a. m.; 12:30, 2«15, »3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. •8:00. *9:45. . »10:43, *11:45
a. m., 1:00, 2:20. '3:30, »5:15, *6:00, 7:00, 10:15 .
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:33
a. m.; 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a! m. 12:03.
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way Fta'ng.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ni.
. 5:15 p. m. week, days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reves and way stations.
8:00 a. m. — Cazndero and' way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry '
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899. '■'"•
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m. .
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even- - s '
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m. ■ " '
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
• • ■ and 4 p. m. f?
On May 30 Trains Run on Sunday Tltne.
-Fare, S P. to Summit and Return, $1 40
, THOS. COOK & SO-V. Aorta.. 321' Market at, ~
- • -'.•■■■■--•_■--•■"-'■
910
HE SOUGHT TO
REMOVE TWO
CITY TRUSTEES
Ben F. Lamborn Files
an Accusation.
EIGHT HOUR LAW VIOLATED
ALAMEDA'S CLERK TAKES UP
WHITE MAN'S BURDEN.
Asks for Judgment in the Sum of
Five Hundred Dollars Against
Trustees Mackie and
Schulte.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
DOS Broadway. May 29.
Ben I". Lamborn. Alumeda's City Clerk,
popularly known as the Atlas of the En
cinal City, has taken up "the white man's
burden," and created a mild sensation
this afternoon by filing an unusual docu
ment in ihe Superior Court, asking for
emoval of two Alameda City Turs-
The document, no doubt the first
kind ever filed in this State, was in
nature of an "accusation." Clerk
Lamborn appearing in the role of "in
former' against City Trustee* Alexander
• and William X Schulte, whom he
•a with refusing ami neglecting to
l ■ : ;::) the duties of their official posl
onnectlon with the manage
ment of the municipality's electric light
plant. in his "accusation" Lamborn
makes • ing allegation:
Said respondents and each of them 'lid In
the month of May. 1899, ami particularly on the
nlnthj tonth ana eleventh Jays of said month,
compel and require certain laborers named J.
O. Messer and James l.>avls, employed to work
In and about the city's electric light plant or
works, to labor and work more than eight
hours in each of said days, in direct viola
tion of section 12iJ of the Political Code of
the Stute of California.
In his prayer he not only asks mat
respondents be cited t.> appear before the
rlor Court and show cause why they
should not be removed from office, but
that judgment be niven against each of
Bald respondents in favor of deponent, as
informer, in ih<- sum of iJCfi and costs,
"all as provided by section 77:' of the
I ' lilfornia."
Th( "accusation," tor that is the title
of th< document, was prepared by Attor
ney Charles E. Nay lor, a prominent mem
ber of the Municipal League of Alameda.
Mr. Lamborn, commenting upon the pc
■ suit, pointed out th<- importance of
its final determination to the laboring
: the fact that this action was
tlrsi of Its ktml ever taken in this
"It is simply a question <>i policy In
grinding men down to worh fourteen
■ said Mr. Lamborn, "and I
don't regard It good policy, either. It is
which every laboring man and
the trades unions are interested."
Later in the day Clerk Lamborn held
a i namber session with Superior Judge
• regarding the issuance of th-
citation. !!•• laid the matter before his
Honor very comprehensively, relating
•he City Trustees had deprived En
■ Messer of the assistance of the
engine wiper at the eleotric plant, and
that, therefore, Messer has been compell
ed to attend to these additional duties.
Judge Greene refused to direct a cita
tion to Issue mi the ground that although
the law requires that all labor contracts
specify ciyht hours t nstitute a day's
labor in th«- present ease there wf do
contract. Judge Qreene ruled also that
the Alarneda Trustees did not compel
Messer and Davis to wurk more than
tight hours, but that if they work longer
hours it was of their own volition.
Though chagrined over Ju'iK'- Greene's
U to issue a citation, Mr. Lamborn
proposes to muk>- a test of the matter by
.■-' imf meatis or other.
ATTORNEY SHERMAN'S
TROUBLE IS ENDED
HIS ARREST IN HONOLULU DUE
TO A BLUNDER.
The Ex-Queen's Chamberlain Said to
Have No Reason to Prefer
Charges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- Broadway, May 29.
Major E. A. Sherman h,is made public
tnatlon which shows that the sensa
tional charges made against his bod in
Honolulu have been dismissed and w. r>
the result of a simple blunder. An article
published In a San Francisco paper yes
terday morning states thai Attorney E.
A Sherman was arrested In Honolulu by
J. W. Robertson, Formerly the Chamber
lain of w leen LlliuokaJani, who swore
tlat Sherman had induced him to part
with $200 on fraudulent representations.
Major Sherman saya that his sou was
with his cousins. Florence and Allan
Hyde, who have been In Honolulu ior
Fume months. In a letter received by the
major, hi* son, referring to his difficul
ties, says:
HONOLULU, May in, 1899.
My )><\ir Father nnO Mother: I had not ir>
t*n<ied to write until ihe China (23d), but as
thr- V. H 8. S'.la.'.> leaves at. once nn<J will
bear more or lew Btartling matt.-i In news
paper form, I wish to be i-nually prompt In
» n«'«-F which will Bel your minds at real
and which will not appear In print here until
■ ■ ili i. a
The true state of affairs Ib as follows: A
young man (Robertson) wished me to Invest
|2CO for him in a certain stocK option that 1
hart access to. which I did. When it closed
Friday I notified him that his J2uO and $50
profits were subject to his order, but we were
unable to meet that week, and to i arranged
to see him with the necessary paper? when
Convenient to him. nut Monday, Monday
night and Tuesday found me laid up with an
ulcerated tooth. Monday evening's Bulletin
announced, to my surprise, that [ Intended
going to Australia Tuesday at 4 p. ni. 1
thought nothing of the blunder at the time,
but all afternoon (Tuesday) l spent at Wright's
Villa, four miles out, nursing my tooth. So
Imagine my surprise about ■':% p. m. to have
a phaoton drive In and Mr. Doyle, the court
stenographer, jump out and Inform me that
he had a warrant for my arrest and that it
had been Issued at Robertson's request on the
ctrcnKth of the newspaper Item In regard to
my departure. I went down to the Marshals
office and awaited his return from the theater
when he fixed my bond- at |JON and the bond
was promptly given. When the ease was
called I pleaded not guilty, had the case set
for one week off, with the result that to
morrow's papers will publish complete exonera
tions ii. 'l retractions and the nolle pros for
clearing the records of the case.
The same Information has reached the
major from another source. E. A. Sher
man Is a youne attorney of this city. Four
i furs ago he was president of the Ala
rneda County Christian Endeavor Union.
MUST PUT FENDERS
ON STREET CARS
Ordinance Up for Consideration by
the City Trustees of Los
Angeles.
LOS ANQBUEB, May 29.— The street
railway companies of this city must put
life-saving fenders and improved brakes
on their cars. An ordinance was brought
up to-night at the Council session which
provides:
Every person", firm or corporation operating
any street railroad In the city of Los Angeles
by means of electricity, •team, cable or other
motive power, shall within ninety days from
the adoption of .this ordinance, commence the
equipment of all such cars uped upon lines of
his or Its railroad ana within ninety day*
thereafter complete such equipment with life
guards or fenders of either one of the follow- .
ing designs, to wit: First, the so-called Doug
las fender; second, the so-called Hunter fender;
third, the so-called Craig fender; and shall
further equip all such cars used upon lines of
his or its railroad, within said time above
specified, with brakes of standard modern pat-
Urn or design co constructed.
ALL ANXIOUS
TO DISPROVE A
POLITICAL PLOT
Coroner JV£ehrmann
on the Rack.
ILLEGAL FEES ARE REPORTED
SAID TO BE THE WORK OF A MAN
WITH A GRUDGE.
— «. —
After a Months Deliberation All
Hands Will Meet and Will
Talk the Matter
Over.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• SOS Broadway. May 29.-
Krom remarks made at the Supervisors'
meeting to-day it is very evident that
some members of the hoard believe that
other members .are responsible for the
critical examination of Coroner Mehr
mann's accounts made by the county ex
pert.
The expert has prepared a very lengthy
report, h * ■ 1 1 i n k forth in detail how Dr.
Mehrmann has .since taking office the first
of the year overcharged the county $171 -5.
The report was before the board to-day
for discussion. "Mr. Expert," said Su
pervisor Church, "did anybody on this
board authorize you to take more pains
in examining Coroner Mehrmann's ac
counts than those of any other public of
flclal' No, sir."
"Mr. Expert," said Supervisor Roeth,
"did 1 ever suggest to you that you be
very careful in examining Coroner Melir
mann's bills?" "No. sir."
"Mr. Expert." said Supervisor Mitchell,
••did l ever Induce you to pay more at
tention to the bills of the Coroner than
to any other bills?" "No. sir."
Mr. Wells suggested that it would per
haps be advisable t<> have the Coroner
present when his overcharges were dis
cussed, as a matter of decency and Jus
tice. And all agreed to this suggestion.
Supervisor Church partly let the cat out
of the bag t>> saying: "There lias been a
story going around that the report or
the l-xpert on these bills was for the pur
pose of paying a political debt. If 1 have
a political debt, I will pay it in my own
way outside this board. But If a bill be
correct l will vote to pay it. If the bill Is
not correct, I will vote against it."
Mr. Wells said that be had a particular
regard for L>r. Mehrmann, and he was
perfectly astonished when he heard the
rumor that he was one of the men that
instigated this campaign against the Cor
oner.
After some further discussion concern
ing the payment of political debts, per
sonal responsibility for inciting an investi
gation of Coroner Mehrmann s accounts,
and so form. Chairman Mitchell decided
that everybody concerned should have
ample time to discuss the matter intelli
gently, and he named July 3 as the time
when Coroner Mehrmann would appear
and offer any explanation he might de
sire to make.
The trouble over the Coroner's fees
arises from the fact that for the past ten
years Coroners have interpreted tht act
governing their tees to please themselves.
and no one has opposed them. The in
vestigation is not along the lines that
Dr. Mehrmann has willfully made over
charges, but for the purpose of having
the meaning of the law finally deter-
I mined.
THE MELROSE EXPLOSION
A Resulting Damage Suit on Trial
Before Judge Daing-erfield.
The suit of Frederick and Llcetta Klu
bauer against the Western Fuse and Ex
plosives Company, the first of the suits
growing out of the blowing up of the de
fendant corporation's plant at Melrose,
Alameda County, in July lust, was taken
up by Judg«-- Daingerfield yesterday morn-
Ing. The plant was blown up by a china
man who look refuge in one or the pow
der houses to .scape arrest for the klll
ing'of another Mongolian. After the Mon
gol tied to the building he said he would
blow up th>- place if his arrest was at
tempted.- The Sheriff and his deputies
doubted him. but when they made a rush
toward the house, true to his word, he
rir<-<! his pistol Into a can of powder; a
mighty explosion shook the entire bay
district and several lives were sacrificed.
The building of plaintiffs, which is situ
ated at High and Sixteenth streets,
Brooklyn Township, was badly damaged.
Suit was brought for $550 damages and
is now (in trial.
Mrs. Klubauer was on the stand yes
terday afternoon and told the story of
how the explo.sion wrecked her home and
the assistance given her by the Red Cross
Society. She was given no money by the
company, notwithstanding several d. -
mands Hence the suit.
ATHLETES TO SWIM AND DIVE
Harry ].. ("lark, for a number of years
swimming teacher at the Olympic Club,
will be given a benefit there to-night. Thu
programme will be made up entirely oi
aquatic sports, In which all the expert
swimmers of the club will participate.
The programme prepared is a varied
one. including races at various distances
up to a half mile, tub races, obstacle
and candle races. In addition there will
be fancy diving and a match game < t
polo between the crack team represent
ing the Olympics and the Lurlfne team.
Sir. ('lurk severs his connection with
the dub shortly to accept a position in
thi Northwest with the Alaska Commer
cial Company,
Stole a Cart and Was Punished.
Horace Bull, an electrician, went out
buggy-riding In another man's vehicle
last night, and as a result he is now lan
guishing in a prison cell and nursing a
broken nose and numerous other bodily
pains. D. 1. Galvin left his curt in front
of the Risdon Iron Works, and Bull, who
was under the influence of liquor, jumped
| into the cart and drove off. while driving
furiously down the street the vehicle
overturned and he was thrown on his
head. Kind persons sent him to the hos
pital to be patched up, and while he was
being treated ;m unkind policeman en
tered and carried him off to jail.
Shrimp-Fishers Arrested.
On Sunday Deputies Davis and Sco Held
took the commission launch Quinnat on a
run In the upper bay, having heard that
the Chinese shrimp fishers were out with
their purse nets ugain. Above Red Rock
a big Junk was discovered and an excit
ing race took place, the fishermen trying
to make a landing and escape and the
Deputies trying to prevent them. The lat
ter were successful and succeeded in land-
Ing eight Chinese in the County Jail on
charges of violating the law which pro
hibits the latching of small fish In nets
of small mesh. The Chinese gave ball
In the sums of $200 before Justice Linds
lev of San Rafael.
MRS. MURDOCH'S WOES.
The Author of "Self Reliance" Sues
for Divorce.
OAKLAND, May 29.— Mrs. Helen M. E.
Murdoch filed suit for a divorce from
Marst C. Murdoch In the Superior Court
this afternoon, alleging: desertion and
wiuiul neglect as grounds for her cause
of action. Mrs. Murdoch Is a writer of
some note, being the author of "Self-
Reliance" and other books. She married
Murdoch In Jersey City about twelve
yeav'ago, and they have been ontl'ls
coast several years, residing at different
times in San Francisco and Pleasanton.
Five years ago Mr. Murdoch went back
to Ohio to look after some of his mining
Interests and the wifo has not seen him
since, nor has he provided for her sup
port. .
.Hoth are well known in society circles
and they have considerable property In
their separate names. . vIV. 1 "r
THE SA:N FiUJS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 30, 1899.
ABRAHAM WILL
ADMINISTER ON
HIS OWN FUNDS
A Dead Man Appears
on the Scene.
FORTUNE FOUND IN BANK
DID NOT KNOW OF RICHES IN
For Twenty Years He Has Been Lost
in Mining Districts While
His Money Steadily
Grew.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May 29.
R. Abraham, who has been declared
legally dead and upon whose estate the
Public Administrator had been granted
letters of administration, appeared in
Oakland to-day and satisfied the Admin
istrator and his attorneys that he Is still
a long way from the grave.
For over nineteen years a comfortable
sum of money has been lying to Abra
ham's credit at the Union Bank of Sav
ings. A few weeks ago the Public Ad
ministrator was granted letters, and has
since been making every effort to dis
cover the heirs of Abraham. But instead
of discovering the heirs, they discovered
Abraham himself.
The story Abraham tells of his doings
for the last ten years is that of many
other men in this State who Immure
themselves for long periods in the min
ing districts. Abraham did not know he
owned any money In the Oakland bank
until an effort was made to find the heirs.
He says that at the time the deposit was
made he w;is In Columbus, New, inter
est, d in mining. A large sum was placed
i on deposit, and he after a time drew his
check for this sum, not thinking that in
l la*- interval it had earned large interest.
The Interest remained and the interest
j upon it has been accumulating each year
i umil it has now reached a large sum.
In the Superior Court a citation has
been issued as the result of an amicable
1 agreement between the Public Adminis
trator. Attorney G. E. de Colin, R. Abra
ham and his attorney, calling the Ad
i ministrator into court to have his letters
revoked, so that all the proceedings will
] be regular and Abraham can return to
his home in the mining districts with
: his fortune in his pockets., Strictly speak-
Ing, the Administrator's attorney Is not
entitled to any fee for discovering Ab
raham and nutting him in the way of
r< verlng his own. But the man sup
posed to be deail has expressed the opin
ion that any one who would llnd him a
goodly sum of money, of the existence of
which he did not "know, Is entitled to a
good reward, even though the law doesn't
provide one for him In such an instance.
SUSPECTS UNDER ARREST.
Two Men Accused of Participating
in the Saturday Night Shoot
ing Scrape Locked Up.
Bernard Nygren and John Pierson were
j locked up in the Harbor Police Station
', yesterday on a charge of "assault to com
, mit murder." They are accused of being
two "i" the sailors engaged In th.* riol at
Vallejo Btreet wharf last Saturday night.
C. I". Murray and A. Jackson recognized
Nygren and Pierson as two of the men
who were engaged in the attack upon
them, and yesterday th.-y pointed them
out to Officers Ellis and Ingham and had
I them arrested. The other witness against
the men are j. Curtin and William Kane.
Nygren and Pierson positively deny that
they were anywhere near Vallejo street
i wharf at the tini'' of the shooting. They
i say that by a dozen reputable witnesses
they can prove they were not within a
mile of the place.
Nygren had John Langford and William
Kane arrested on a charge of battery.
U>- says the whole trouble began in front
of the Shipowners' Association. !!»• was
arguing with Kane, when th.- latter
knocked him down and then Kane and
Langford kicked him. Kane says that
Nygren attacked him with a slungshot
and that whs why he knocked him down
CHIEF DUNN IN OFFICE.
.lames R. Dunn, the new chief of the
Chinese Bureau at this port, entered upon
: the discharge of his duties yesterday. He
announced that he would not make any
changes In his office at present, hut woulii
go on at the usual pait until he became
more familiar with the workings of the
office and the number of inspectors neces
sary to carry on the work.
/ uessrs. Flesh and Urquhart are cus
'■ toms inspectors detailed for duty In the
i bureau, and If they remain they will he
I appointed Chinese Inspectors by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Mr. Dunn was
; appointed by the Treasury Department
about two months ago, but was delayed
; In the East owing- to unfinished business
| for the Government to which he was
! obliged to attend before coming hither.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
i H A Eames. N V ;Mrs R C Ewan, Paris
J B Carroll, N V Miss M Ewan, Paris
W C I'opper, NY !' Currfe, Iyodnn
: Mlsn J Honnett. N V !Mrs H Grlbble, China
Mlm G P I'.raham, NY lira H Brady, Chin*
j Oapt M McMlllen. Cal j Master Brady, china
|.1 H < - lark, Los Ann E Stetshold. Frankfort
II Nathanson, X V J Seminfc, San Salva-
N I'nyntz. Florida dor
C M Hunter, S Kafael I, Davidson. Sausanate
IF H Boudreau. Cal jM Grote, Hongkong
! II L Higgiris. U S N IJ II Devereux. Colo
: Gen Merriam. T S AH H Sherman, Boston
J Forbes, Omaha Mrs II 11 Sherman
I Miss Lee. Ohio ] Boston
Mrs* J E Miller. Port B Blumenthal. N V
Huron li Oilman, X V
Miss Miller. Pt Huron Mr & Mrs Paul, Lon
' J Havol, Providence I don
Mrs .1 Davol, Providnc.R Thorn, London
J J Dptwillt-r, Provdnc G Hafrner Hongkong
Miss L C Dptwiller, \Y H Marks, Birmlng
i'rovldencp nam
F Tenny. Pa Mr« \Y H Marks Bir-
R Whlteley, N T mingham
W A Plnkerton. chgo J Hammfr. St Paul
F II Brownell. Cal F A Donshower St P
Mrs F II Brownell, Cal E W Murdoek, Boston
| J Haslacher, Oakdale 'A i-ariow, Russia
Mrs A Evans Jr, Mcx R Heacoek. China
Miss Evans. Mtexieo R A Si-ott. Scotland
\ B Parsons. NY o E Nevar, Paso Robl
Mr? B PftTßOna, N V Mlhk O Serena. Londn
i Miss Parsons, N V Lord D Compton, 9th
! Master Parsons, N V I LancPrs
: Mrs 8 Ropd, N V F W Little, Newcastle
A B Dewey, Chicago Prof IJ Knuth K.'il
C Q Howes, Ohio ,O yon der Hyde. Bre-
Mis Howes, Ohio I men
A Wonoraky, Berlin |Slr R Udney, London
Mrs Wonoraky, Berlin • I^ady I'dney. London
Miss H Patton, Pa ■Fr Funk, Saigon
U n ppttpnplll. Ohio T Fltzfcorald Balto
F It App, Cleveland Mrs T FJtzgerald. Hal
H 15 Major, Montreal 3 E "Watson. \V Va
Mr & Mrs .lansjen, Mrs J E Watson, \V
. Amsterdam Va
J Magnusi. Germany Miss T'nßor, "\V Va
I Mrs J Magnus, Ger- T Fitzgerald Jr. Balto
many .1 U Kelly .!r. Balto
! I.t Col yon Winning. T T Williams, Marin
Berlin R D VrODm. N V
; Mrs Nobl«, HongUnnj; IW W ("hapln, Sacto
[ Mrs C H Parent. I'hlla C H Parent, Phila
GRAND HOTEL.
<: Rowell. Fresno G H White, TJoston
M Stokes. Pasadena W P Hussy, Ind
. J N RlniH. 'IVnn F \V Page," Ft Jones
\V Bradford. Term W Hoffman, Ventura
X G Kendall. Auburn J Hoffman. Ventura
H KinbroUgh, Suitn M Hoffman. Ventura
J X Hurtd. Stockton J, B Doan, Stockton
1! H BarlOW, <'al M Maze & w. Modesto
I) Levy, Williams Mr* Dwyer, Cal
J A-sbbrook, Denver X Kenyrm, Fresno
]■• Mattlson, S Cruz J M Hall & w Cal
r. A Sbedden, S Jose H H Jack, N V
.1 1 1 l-inlwii;, S .lose A Francis, Honolulu
1. i: Merton, Cal |W Hawett &. w, <."ai
| T A l'rii?on. Sarto M Enright&w, Oakland
J S Carroll. Sacto Mrs Manson. L, An»;
F A Darrow, BactO H A I ticks. Boston
TT <". Kd wards. S Jose Mrs X Parker. Cal
> J Armstrong. Denver J N Lentell. Kureka
OC Cartry. Fresno J Houser. Stockton
, F Hurk, S liarbara J C Tlce, Stockton
I, I 1 Aaabrook, Denver o L>ipman. Cai
M I, feny. (>l T A Oraham, S Jose
I X S Pl»>rcp. Fresno H Morrison. Louisville
I Q A Nelson, Cal Miss Stanley. Grant
J T Smithers. NY H Dominick. Vallejo
J C Johnson, Reno F A Uurson, racto
M C Peters & w. I al J Dodds, Berkeley
.1 Gnimly. Atlanta I
X L Hanks. Oakdale !G B Stone. L Ang
A Hyde. Salt Lake !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H M Katzen. Manila J Williams. Vallejo
A T Korb. Manila G \V McKay, Stockton
L S Finks. Chicago A S G?ffney, L Ang
: A M Arlon. S Jose T M Crawford. Fresno
; Capf B Nelson, Manila L W Drewery, Truckee
: G Gellnk, Manila G P Blatner, Buffalo
! W L Bleshy. Sacto E HartendalP&f. lowa
T Fay. Vallejo T N Hampton. Seattle
T J Wilke, Vallejo J Peterson, Chicago
■ .) H Weir. Vail. "jo
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. . ■ '
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^*
ING. May 30. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. it Jf
degree. .By order of the H. P. • - / .^r '
" FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F and A. '■ m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at m J\_
7 o'clock. 2 D. By order of the \V. M. tLM
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec. /^F^
i GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. •
1 M.— Called meeting THIS EVENING. _JV-
at 7:30 o'clock. : . jCJT
, ■. ■ GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. /^r>
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J^_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second YY
degree, CD. BUNKER. Sec. /▼>
f THE Caledonian Club will hold its * »v
thirty-third annual gathering and OS {MOrl
games at Shell Mound Park on SBkY?/
TUESDAY. May SO. As usual,
the best athletes of . the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin. Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; 12500 In cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform,
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers: buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park: adults 50c; children 25c
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
TWENTY-FIFTH annual picnic glven>Mt Hl fP
by the Ancient Order of Foresters at <&[
' California Schuetzen Park. Sarr Rafael, jt\
TUESDAY. May 30. Round trip. In- * >
I eluding admission to park, 60c; children. 26c;
valuable gate and game prizes; train leave
| 8-11 a. m., 12:35-3:30 p. m. .
~ •; . M. BOEHM. President.
R. N. McLENNAN, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwlck. In the North
Hill placer mine, near Milton. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch;
from T. B. Bennett. In the Ohio mine, near
Wash,. Plumas County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine; from W. E. Duncan
Sr.. In the York Ranch placer mine, near
; Spanish Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine; and from
Alfred Schofleld, In the Klondike mine, at
Whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Washington
mine in Slate Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal., on June 12, 1899,
at 1:30 p. m.
| NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of- June. A. D. 1599, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
. where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of sold Company,
number 327 Market st. In the City and County
of San Francisco. Stat» of California; that
j ■ the object of said meeting Is to consider and
: act upon the proposition that said Company
' ■ create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for. any other , property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
j to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
•nd sailing ships and all other property of
; laid company now owned or hereafter to be
i acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
- [Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
I Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Cora-
panv.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. ?1 up;
painting done. Hartman P.iint Co., 319 3d et.
j BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
IJ It IDEM) !*< I'ICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cent*
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1. IMS.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY. May
tl, 1899. Ht 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
!•■•' 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Mnin IWT Bradley &Co . 640 Hay.
SITUATION!) WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Qerman i k desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LKN. 32' Sutter. st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
3 years last place; city or country. Miss
CULLEN. 825 tSutter st.
Woman with •■• child desires situation as
housekeeper: $W to $15 per month; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 41* Powell Bt., telephone Main
5332. cooks. B nd Kirls. young nurse girls
;ind girls to iisslst ;twalt positions.
' TWO Swedish Kirls wish situations, one to do
| general housework, $25, one as cook, $30 per
month. 32t> Lily aye.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
washing and housecleanlng; good laundress.
Box 368, Call office. ______^
YOUNG woman wishes to nurse an invalid or
second work and care for child, wages $20.
Box 379. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation at light house-
work or chamber work. Apply 231 Harriet St.
S\\ KIWSH girl would like a position as gen-
eral housework; Is good cook or second work.
16 U-iskie St.. b- -.w.-ii Eighth and Ninth.
I YOUNG Swedish girl wishes housework; wages
! $10. Call TIP. Central aye.. between McAllister
| and Fulton sts.
EXPERIENCED cashier wants position: good
security or bonds given. 102G» 2 Washington
St., near Powell; postal cards answered.
VOUN'J lady having completed a 5-months'
courso of stenography and typewriting would
like position where same would be useful;
best of references'. Mox 226. Call.
WOMAN, young, experienced, wants work by
the day. $1 a.nd car fare per day; best refer-
ences. Box 344, Call office.
WOMAN want? work by the day washing or
housecleanlng; $1 a day and car fare. Call at
104 Vi McAllister ?t.; rear.
COMPETENT woman just from the East; Is
a good cook; will do general housework. 10
Vet more place, bet. Powell and Mason,
Washington and Clay.
NEAT, r>Mial>le, good Kir] to assist In light
housework; family of adults; sleep home; Mis-
sion preferred. Address 2 days, N. 8., 2:.26
Mission st.
DRESSMAKER wishes work In families, tl 60;
dresses made over; suits made in 2 days. Ad-
dress 945 Sanchez st., near 23d.
COMPETENT girl, 25, Protestant, wishes to
take care of children; a good home more
than high wages. Box 807, Call- office.
WORKING housekfper desires a position. 36>4
Qeary st.. room 24.
GERMAN cook wishes situation; will do house-
work: good cook; wages $25. 242 Taylor st.
AN experienced dressmaker, a good cutter and
titter, will accept engagements In families;
J! 25 per day; references. Apply 1514 Bu-
ohfHian st.
HOUSEKEEPER; respectable woman; good
cook; no objection to children; can Instruct In
music and English; good reference. J. A. J..
340!) Mission st.
TRAINED nurse would like to care for inva-
lid in city or country; no wages; expenses.
Box 649. Call office.
LADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission st. room 1.
1 AMERICAN woman wants place as cook In
pmall Institution June 1. Address box 842U
Call office. Oakland.
LADY would Uk-e poFltlon to do plain sewing
or second work. 865% Market, room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 nrght: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tei. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
MARRIED couple wish places In country; man
good cuaf.liinan: wife tlrh'-claBS cook and
housekeeper. Inquire Call Branch Office,
Kentucky and Twenty-second st».. Potrero.
PROFESSIONAL gardener. Scandinavian, with
first-class references, desires a situation. Box
342, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent German to
take charge of private place in suburbs; un-
derstands horses, cows and garden. Address
box 366, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED Continued.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and cood, careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman's
place. Box 896, Call office. •
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $10
per week; city or country. Box 224. Call. •
YOUNG man, Swedish, wishes situation in city
as porter private place; last place 7 years;
good reference. Box 810, Call office.
WANTED — By a respectable young man, a po-
sition as groom or coachman; will attend to
garden and fowl and general Jobs attached to
a decent private place; well recommended by
society people. Box 771, Call.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day; must be steady place year around;
any part of State; well recommended. Box
SO5, Call office.
MAN and wife like to have a place; man Is a
good dairyman and milker; wife a good cook
and housekeeper. Address box 853, Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced salesman, now
representing the largest manufacturer In the
East, having moved his family to California,
desires to connect himself, with some reliable
house to represent them in California; am
capable &f earning a good salary and will
not consider any line which will not pay It.
Address G. R. MOHR, Covina, Cal.
MAN and wife, with a boy of a years, want a
place in country; man as gardener; can care
for horses and cows; wife a srood cook and
housekeeper; can give the best references.
Box 766. Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer wants employment;
steady or otherwise; owns machine. Box 773,
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as janitor or watchman;
thoroughly conversant with bell or electric
lighting; good references. Address Advertiser,
107H Fifth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position for
house and garden work; city or country;
small wages. R. X., box 769, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Address Baker, 303 Third st.,
Oakland.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HEAD cook for institution. $40 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl for May-field. $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for chamberwork, sleep home. $12
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND work for the country, $25 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25 per month; 3 second girls,
city and country, $20 and $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter, $""- per month; coun-
try; see party here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
REFINED girl for upstairs work and taking
care of children, $25 per month; Alameda.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, $30; 6 waitresses, resorts, near
city, $20; 111 waitresses, different resorts, $20;
2 waitresses, hotel, near city, first-class, $20;
1! waitresses, Oroville, 20 waitresses, Stockton,
Mill Valley, Hanford. Bakersneld: laundress,
$20, country hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.
10 FIRST-CLASS waitresses for best city
hotels. $20; we want them to-day. C. R.
HANSKN & CO., lu4 Geary St.
■:;, SOI'THEKN California waitresses about
June 15 for the best resort hotels in Cali-
fornia. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook. Berkeley, $25; houseglrl, small family,
Sonora. $2u, see party here, fare paid; and
many girls for housework, city. $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WOMAN •■•■ ok for resort hotel. $4H, and woman
to work In restaurant kitchen in country, $15 j
to $2U and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— 2 German cooks. $30; German sec-
ond girl. {25; second girl, country, $20; 1
French, 1 German nurse and second girl. $20;
nursery governnss. $2."; 2 hotel waitresses, $20j
girls for housework for Stockton, Merced,
Santa Clara. Redwood City, etc.; also a num-
ber of girls for housework In dty, $20 and $25.
Apply to .f V. CROSKTT & CO.. 316 Sutt.-r.
KEAT Irish girl with 2 years" references wants
a place for housework, also 2 neat Irish sec-
ond girls; also Danish cook for an American
family; all want situations. See J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN to cook for men on a ranch, $20;
ranch, cook, $25; private family cook, coun-
• try. $25. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
WANTED— GirI to cook and assist with house-
work. 2409 Jackson st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; German
preferred: wages $10. 2650 Twenty-first st
GERMAN girl to do light housework; small
family. 131 1H Guerrero st.
GIRL for light housework: good home. 13S
Russ st.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and care of 3
children; $16. Bakery, 22ti Third st.
WANTED— Good operator on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
PROTEBTANT grlrl to assist In housework:
small family: no washing; wages $10. Ad-
dress box 367, Call office.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on vests
and apprentices on coats. Ml Market st.
STRONG competent German girl for cooking
and general housework. 317 Larkln st.
WANTED— German lady as partner In saloon;
willing to cook lunch. Box 365, Call ofllce.
WANTED— A young lady to assist In dress-
making; with some experience. 735 A Broad-
way.
WANTED— A German saleslady who has had
experience in bakery. 1410 Polk st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. $15 per
month. 811 Larkln st.
WANTED— A girl; good home to right party,
with small wages. 967 Cypress st., Oakland.
WANTED— A young girl to take care of 2
children; wages $4. 122 Montgomery aye.
FINISHERS on pants. 858 Howard St., over
ball court; steady work.
FINISHER on coats; steady work. 473 Te-
hama st.
■Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught: plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 606
Leavenworth Bt.
WANTED— Apprentice at dressmaking. 406 Sut-
ter St., room 39.
GIRLS to sew buttons on overshirts. 36H
st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices:
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. f>S5 Market.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
FIRST-CLASS butler. $40 per month; an Eng-
lish second butler. $30 per month, good place.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
LABORERS and teamsters, coast road, for
Surf, free fare; wheeler loaders, $2 a day;
laborers and teamsters for Riverbank, Mon-
terey Co., $1 75 to $2 a day, free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gearyjs^
SCREWTURNER, $50 and found; spool tender,
$35; 4 timber fellers, $40 and found: sniper. $2
a day: lumber pliers, laborer's around the mill.
ax men, etc., $30 and $26 and found, see, boss
here; 8 crosscutters, $35 and found; 3 farmers,
$30, fare 50c; 12 farmers, $25; milker, $2.'i;
painter, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
STEWARD, plain country hotel, $30 and found;
head waiter for springs. $40 and found; head
waiter, family hotel, $40 and found; waiter,
country, $25; broiler. S4O; 5 dishwashers, $20
and $25; dishwasher, summer resort. $25 and
fare advanced; third hand baker on bread.
$25; 9econd cook, miner boardlne house, 135;
night waiter. $40 and found: pantryman for
springs, $15; pantryman, hotel. $15.
. Shirt ironer, $40 and found; hand laundry-
mall for springs, $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BOOKKEEPER for a li4pior store; apply by
letter or In person, stating experience, age,
etc.; $35. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED — Farmers, $30. and ?1 day; milkers,
$25 $26 and $30; choremen, $20; vegetable gar-
dener, $20; young Englishman for private fam-
ily $25; timber fellers, $40; jackscrewers,
$32 50- barkers, $26; screw turner for mill, $70;
ironmolder, $3 day; 5 blacksmiths, $60, and $30
and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Timberman for mine, 53 50 day;
first -lass miners who understand running
power drills, $3 50 day, long, steady job; see
owner here torday. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
638 Sacramento st. •
WANTED— Laborers for mine, $26 and found;
laborers for woods, tunnels, quarries and
grading camp, $1 75 and $2 day; tunnel men.
$2 50 day; scraper teamsters, $1 75 and $1 i»0
day. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler. $35 and found; night cook,
country, $10 week; cook, small country hotel,
see boss here; bellboy; kitchen men, $20; dish-
washen, $25; waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
SMART boy wanted to learn show card writ-
ing. Address W. W., box 365. Call office.
WANTED— Baker; a young man as helper.
Apply Globe Bakery, 3065 Sixteenth st, near
Valencia.
WANTED— Young man who has worked at
plumbing. Apply immediately I. L. E. FIR-
MIN. 1244 Valencla^st
GOOD coppersmith: permanent employment to
the right man. Box 768, Call office.
HELi* WASTED- Contlnnod.
..iiddiv *RF \DY....1.-"Ph° Main 5848
til $25 and $20 and found; good, steady jobs
■ $30. $25 and $20 and f0und......; and'fo-nd
Dairyman and wife ....•••• * d
■I men to irrigate^ . ■ » £• jj£g£o
Driver-milk^son..- Driver delivery wagon
•6 two horse teal " l and 's26 and found
. 40- laborers; 'different jobs. $175 day^ and $30
and found • • «26
2 laborers, city la ' nr T. le 4ivr'<;
29""iabo"rers'." no experience required. : $60
monthly $75 monthly
6 gold miners • * $3 w day
4 diamond drillers ' TO '.■■.■.■■/.■.FREE FARE
FREE FARE R - ' — J Santtt Fe . Sierra and
Northern rVi. roadster all the . laborers and
teamsters sawmills^N^;wobbs":.::.:
198 woodchoppen. tools funUabed. f *££
and $1 cord: 264 tlemakers, tools furnisnea,
! C ' 9c nd^ 12c eaCh $30 "and" found
6 spooltenders «"(! and found
186 laborers |-» *™ ™|nd
29 tree fellers •" *™ «d found
9 jackscrewers *•*-»£ £ nd found
■ 7 bark peelers ♦-.> ',,] found :
12 setter}. Steam's blocks :..g and found ,
1 head donkeyman *™ a .0 da y
7 redwood peelers ...• ■ •-*," da y !
1 S °fcker e^nds":::::::::::::::::iio-annound
26 crosscut sawyers V. r $33 and found
7 stablemen, good, steady jobs *» ana *£
and found: young man to drive city butcher
wagon, $15 and found '"tin
Gardener. Santa Cruz *•>%■' ' "TT-i
193 laborers, different lobs, country. $-6 ana
found; 6 laborers In the heart of the gold
mines, $26 and found; 12 laborers, San Mateo
County, $40 and $2 day • V>Vii',
FARE MONTEREY . VALLE V. . ... PAID
Two horse teamsters *1 'j» h aj .
Four horse teamsters ■■■it ° ay
Laborers, shoveling »1 'if d , a >
All free fare only H-.i, 6 ,?
FARE ..LOS ANGELES DISTRICT.. ..FREK.
24 laborers $175 and %1 oay
16 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses.. s2 and $1 (5 day
.... BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS ....
12 blacksmiths- for shops, camps, sawmills
and ranches. $3, $2 50 day and $50, $40, $45, $30
and found per month -•
2 blacksmith's helpers
"Machinist, country job $2 50 day
CARPENTERS AND PAINTERS
8 carpenters, sawmill company •"
Shingler. city job; carriage painter, hard-
wood finisher; woodworker, carriage shop —
MURRAY & READY,
: 634-636 Clay st.
FARE PAID TO SAWMILLS
. To-day we ship 25 laborers, etc.. to this great
sawmill corporation: $26 per month and found
up to $50 and found; different Jobs; different
wages; call early and get this job.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Ciay st.
$42 AND FOUND First National Bank
$42 and found
Will pay each 2 and 4 horse teamster; fare
$1 40
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
To-day S. P. Coast Division Every day
9 a. m We ship ".
Drillers Office fee $1
Hammermen Office fee $1
Laborers Office fee $1
2-horse teamsters Office fee $1
Stonemasons Office fee $1
4-horse teamsters ....Office fee $1
....Wages.. s3. $2 50, $2 25, $2 and $1 75 day....
All Free Fare
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO THE MINES SAME PLACE
.....V..\.3 waiters $25
- Roustabout 25
Vegetahleman 25
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 656 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS DISHWASHERS
■27 pot and dish washers, city and country
hotels $35. $30 $22 50. $20 and $15 and found
7 waiters, different jobs.. s3o and $25 and found
9 cooks, different jobs $50, $40. $35 and $30
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
BAKERS BUTCHERS PORTERS
Baker, country shop $35 and found
4 assistant bakers'. . s3o. $25 and $20 and found
Butcher, country job, call early. s3o and found
3 porters, hotels $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Ft.
WANTED— first-class butler for the city;
private family; $33 month. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. •
MEN wanted — Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Bootblack. Call early with brushes
at 1026>^ Hyde st.
WANTED— old man to do chores around
hotel and take care of horse. Hattlsen Ho-
tel, East Berkeley.
WANTED — A helper on cakes at 38 Fourth St..
. call early.
WANTED — men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS custom coatmaker. 541 Market
street.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. Inquire at
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
TAILOR wanted at OTTO KAISER'S, corner
Baker and Greenwich sts.
MEN to work about steam shovel: also track-
men, dumpmen and trainmen, for Point
Richmond. JAMES A. McMAHON, 210 Spear.
— — j
WAITER wanted. 1189 Oak st.
BUTCHER wanted at 146 Secorm St.: call
early.
GOOD restaurant cook. 29 Fourth st.; call
early.
YOUNG man to wash the dishes. Call at 234
East St., south of Market.
WANTED— to buy a shop with fine liv-
ing looms; good business; very cheap. 616
Clay st., G. A. trust.
WANTED— A farm hand. Call at Richard
Restaurant, 317 Fourth st. ::..; ,;
YOUNG man with $125 can make $76 a month;
good security. Call to-day, 625 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man to learn wood carving. FINK
& SCHINDLER, 1309 Market , st.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— A first-class turner and band saw-
yer; steady work and good wages. Aden's
Planing Mill. Vallejo.'
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. . California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER wanted. 108 Fourth St.; $4 guaran-
teed.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
200 CLEANEST rooms In city; 15c to $1 night;
90c to $3 week. New Grand, 246 Third st. -
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good sal-
ary;' reference, required; state experience.
Apply box 7848, Call office.
PAINTER, .whitener, paperhanger. who will
■ take work out In rent. Address box 19. Call.
WANTED— camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
BARBER shop for sale in Healdsbure J. M
KEYES. G'v-V.:-.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th«
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent..
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, nea' Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $190; also flrst-cU»s
tunnel men: apply at Point Richmond: wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devlßa.-
-dero and Broadway, city. •-;..-.-;
bAILoK.S ana ordinary seamen tor coast aaa
Australia at- HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
150 men for cleanest houses . in city. "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House."
S6l; 15c to 50c night: all daily papers.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F. I
BARBER COLLEGE, 13SH Eighth st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. lac and 25c j
per night. Lindell,6th and Howard: read. rm.
ELLIS, .321 (Rosedale House)— l6o "rooms, day.
week or mo. rates, 250 to $1 per night: re-
ductlon to permanent roomers: reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide" j
• House. 614 Howard, cor. New Monti;.; single, j
10c. 15c night; 60c. 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorn-ys
— Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard,. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1161.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per. night; 73c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a ■ room ; 23c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 604-SCKS Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Lustre; sam. 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
GOOD room and breakfast by an elderly, gen-
tleman in private family; state price 120
Powell St. ■*"
WANTED— MI.HI'ULLA.NBOUS. V i:
TO trade— High-grade wheel for young horse
to weigh about 1000 pounds. Box 302. Call.
WANTED— Tothlre 100 first-class scraper teams
w '"' harness \and pead bars; long job. E. B
&TON E. Elmhurst.
AMATEUR musicians to join orchestra for so-
clal purposes. 228 Bush st. room 4.
LULCATIONAL.
E^vf^ EI M {ING S^oTTcTv^TnTn^lnTraT;
er-iV £■ blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol mm
ELFCTIUr V 4f lng T math " Cyanlde method.
CL.L.L.i.KICAL— Theory and practice con-
BT« l\ an l l eal, al drawi "K. mathematics.
«hr,rthi^H Bookkeepin business practice,
fchorthand. typing, languages English' H
hf°ai iv* «?-B?Sic ev< " nlni " • Catalogue free!
HE ALP S BLSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
A " 5 h RE th" ? u ln( ; s Colleeer~723 Market st :
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping telegraphy
Penman p ' English branches, et?™ 1%
. scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo
MERCANTILE ?p'l, eee i, "i 00^ 1 60, Flood build-
i!* a n H TARR ■ Principal: pupils fitted
for all office t i work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequal*!; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 ilkt!
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch! ■ day & eve •
est. 1564. VAN DER_NAILLEN, 933 Market.'
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN BUDDY. 6A Hyde
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln gt.. opp. city Hall.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market St., B. F. ; examina-
tion free: open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femala
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $6. No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'c Infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larktn: of-
fice hours. 10 to 12, i to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 4 to 8 p. m.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
. cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home th»
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, .10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies'— C only Pr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
BO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
■ pills, $1; very strong. $2. .w
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— great progress In medicaj sci-
ence for female troubles,' from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
. matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
-knowledge: cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever. cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
•.cure; consult him first, save time and money;
[ treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023& Market Ft.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
• herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used :
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Et. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Oast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home: no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential: home-
treatment, $5. DRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
"MERITO": safe; sure; a boon to married,
ladles: write .for circular or call Merito Mfg.
Co., 227 'Leaven worth st., San Francisco.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.:
private home In confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or mcney back;sB up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & MendenhalL
successors Killlp & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
SIX young draft horses for sale at 36 Hubbard
St.; cheap.
FOR — 40 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
- car stables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fol3om it.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOlLERs7~englnesr 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and offlc*
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
a AN OVERSTOCK — ,
St. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; lnstallmts.
FINE young mastiff for sale cheap, account
■ shortage of room. 1153 Octavia st., between
. 8 und 10 a. m. '- •
Well-trained dogs for saie at 2137 Loin-
Well-trained sled dogs for sale at 2137 Lor-
n' bard st. *
CONCERT size guitar for $14; cost originally
$30. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
GASOLINE engines, second hand, from 2 to 20
horsepower; cheap and guaranteed.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe-
for sale cheap. 42 Main St., S. F.
ELEGANT bar fixtures; must sell at once. 105
Mason St.. between 12 and 5 p. m.
DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor.Commercial.
FOR sale— Cheap; bakery and notion store. 90J
Bryant st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. . Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 516 Mission St.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SAFES — All sizes, new and second-hand. THE
-■ HERMANN SAFE CO., 417- Sacramento st.
POLYP—ONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
STORAGE.
LA. ' Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black Sit.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main ilii.nCSINES CHANCES.
$SO">— FIRST-CLASS day and night saloon north
of Market; i goo'd business location; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st. '
$2i'<>— PARTNER wanted; light indoor business;
will pay over $G0 per month to each yearly
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st. *
f SALOON and merchants' lunch house
/ among wholesale stores; bargain; sickness of
' owner cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.
777 Mai St.
$4'X>— PARTNER corner saloon In Mission; do-
ing business $400 to $500 per month; everything
tlrst-class. JONES & CO.. 866 Market St.
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing gooa busl-
ness; owner Kick; must sell. Ju.NKS & CO
iCS Market St.
$13i»— HOTEL; clears $150 per month. ~~
$1250— Saloon; clears $250 per month.
J*sO— Stationery; clears $125 per month.
JjOO— Saloon; clears $I<W per month;
. NATIONAL AGENCY 7S3'£ Market st.
MILLINERY an I dressmaking parlors at your
YvViM n \"v Ef B. rittora s '<*. GERMAN-
AMERU AN, 34 Kearny st.
A— Sl5OO; GROCERY and bar; centrally located-
NO & CO., ;•;; Market."
JfcOO— FAMILY liquor store and bar. with living
rooms; cheap rent; central location; a bar-
Kaln. Address box SOS Call office.
GRUB stake by practical? miner! for ' newi gold
•telds: Lower California; fortune for both
Call office, Oakland
FOR SALE— Good paying candy route with
Jgyg^jgr/t. 11 " in gooJ conjiti ""' 2£
$Ir.O~BRANCH bakery. notion. stationery
grocery, on account sickness. Box 303. Call.
A SACRIFICE— OId established fruit sTorer
good chance. 130 Eighth st. ; no agents
Wanted-a good reliable modern grocery
Sfvfc %"VA' ar W K ith the business and the city.
ha\tnc $2)00 rash to go In partnership with a
wholesaler and run a branch store in a very
noo.l location secured ahead and ready to
■a open. Ik: Apply j, with references to box SOS. Call.
GROCERY and bar in Mission at S lnventory:
wK'iStolftt? Manila; cheap rent. Apply
~T:.-. 500- Fun sale, -■'' business property; lodg-
ing-house and stores with business; a part
«as.i. Artdivss Jjwner. box 845, .Call office.
Al SALOON; bargain; O pp. the California The^
l t r i, Bfted up in the moBt modern style, with
club room adjoining. 423 Bush st.
THE best-paying home bakery In the city; sult-
able for man and wife -or two ladies. Box
Sto. Call office.
For SALE -Cheap; a first-class wood yard in
Oakland; good trade; best location. 51$ Sixth
St.. Oakland.
GOOD-PAYING stationery store; fine location
Inquire CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS &
WELCH, 321 Sansome st.
FOR pale— Delicacy and dairy produce busi-
ness; a good place for man and wife; will
be sold at a sacrifice. Box 740, Call.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop-
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye.. near Clement
ft.; lake Sutro car.
BAKERY in country town, doing good business
outside iind Inside. Apply Call office.
IST-C*] saloon. East st. nr. Market; account
ill health. Lane & Connelly, 20» Market st.
FOR sale Grocery and bar. Apply cor. Precita
aye. and Folsom sf.
FOR sale— Old established restaurant; cheap.
ISB Polk st.
$300— GOOD-PAYING saloon In business center
of city. Inquire Call office.
SHOESHOP no be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
$150 P w:tnki: wanted. lady or gent. In es-
tablished paying business. 626Vj I St., Sacto.
HuTEL in Mayfleld. 12 rooms, all furnished;
rent JlO. H. M. COVERT, 425 California st
$lii—G OOD-PAYING candy crisp business for
4 sale; a snap: Investigate. 1903 Central avo
BARGAIN— Notion, stationery and candy store;
near school: cheap rent. 1105 Buchanan st.
TO sell an interest in an original invention;
lady preferred. Box 512, Call office.
SALOON and 6-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, For sale. SO Jackson St.
FOR SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $500;
wish to retire from business. Box C 36, Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO S. 415 Sacramento it.
KOUTE en this paps for «ale. Apply tbl*
efflce.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM houseT'worth $600. i .T.V.*;.. l .V.r.*rr.J 250
16-room house; on Sixth st 550
2S rooms, sunny corner; clears $200 . . 1100
26-room hnust» in Oakland; only 850
50 rooms; best corner in the city IKK)
10 rooms; on Jones; worth $1000 500
14 rooms: on Taylor st. (good) 550
2» rooms; en Ho-.vard st 450
30-room boarding house; i teat - J3CO 2250
1020 MARKET ST. U>2o MARKET ST
H. C. DECKER.
l f -20 Market st. ■ 1020 Market st.
W I N STC in & CO., 1026 Market St.
17 rooms; rent $50: near Tivoli $850
24 rooms; rent $G">; reduced to 450
4S rooms; rent $75: Market* st IPSO
60 rooms; rent $50: part cash 550
FOR sale chcop— House; 9 rooms; good order;
Fi-lline on account sickness. 276 Minna st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPEPTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
A : range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
>H SfCAL INSTRI MKNTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $€ per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
fume as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY a CO.,
away dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
stu.. Kan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chiraco is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; plan organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR sale — Upright Steinway piano in good or-
der; also Caligraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
Vallejo Bt.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
R A~! DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st. m
A— TPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chlckerlng and 3 Stelnways KeeSe'a,
1019 Van Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
.BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
Fale ch«-ap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano In One condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30$
Post st.
W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
iIXRGAIN— Good upright cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNAUE planes: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell Bt. /
SL'PEIUUR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
■ MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A.TTORMESTB AT LAW. '
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— Jamea G. Ma-
iruire lex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
'.r.r., gZ6-85fi Market et.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free7~R.~W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no advance
char: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc drawn; moderate fees: call , or write.
NO chares unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckela building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without cucceps. collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, ISO Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA I-' 1 ii/; attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Sth floor Crocker bldg.
17.~5. CLARKE— Emma Epreckels building. 527
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
Ss and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to BPAUI.DING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-337 Tehama st. ; tel. B. 4,0.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister st., cor. Larkin Tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
t.-i. Main 334. OSO. WAI.COM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpel Cleaning Co..
151 Stevenson M.; lei. 'Katun -:'■>: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard-, laid at 3 C -
j BTRATTON'B, ■'■ Eighth st : tel. Jessie 944.
V7~k:. MITCHELL Carpel Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
1 it.-, cleaning 3- per yard; t-i. Mission 74.
U. B. Steam Carpel Cleaning Assn.. 108 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned, 3c yd.: tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'3 Carpet-beating Works. 533 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126-
PERSONALS.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON formerly of Wheat-
Jand. Cal.. will write to his father he will
MORR f B omethln to his advantage. HUGH
YOUNG healthy mother would like to wet
nurse. Address box 369, Call office.
LEDERER'B Quintonica. a rare hair tonic. We
bottle; cleanses the scalp; see great window
display this week. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S artistic * hairdressers have that
touch which makes a coiffure stylish; price
25c; switches, SI up; i pen Sundays and holi-
days 9 to 12 a. m. 123 Stockton st.
PAIR of Spanish machetes In exchange for
music box or phonograph. Box 343, Call.
LINCOLN BROs! ~~
Sell 8 lbs coffee, $1; 12 cans table peaches.
$1; 25 cans sardines, $1; 12 mils oysters, $1;
20 lbs rice. $1; 4 rolls butter. $1: 20 cans devil-
ed ham. $1: 60 cakes soap, $1; 25 lbs prunes or
penrs, $1 ; 20 lbs rornstarch, $1; 5-lb can bak-
ing powder, $1; 10 lbs cheese. Si: flour. 76c
sack. LINCOLN BROS., Cash Grocers. 226
Sixth st.. above Folsom. .
A.— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. H. KRAMER, 20 San-
some st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., ISI4 Market st. Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences; best work: lowest prices.
DOUGLAS. Central aye.. bet. Bush .and Pine.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
. cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 2Cth; Guerrero St. cars: tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter St.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. . Law a Specialty.
San Franc-isco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. -14 Third st.. near Market: TOO rooms;
2Cc to $1 50 ncr night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, printer, 511 Sacramento st. ;
phone Main 1836.
T. BRILLIANT. SSB-S4O Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.;
irate ward for contagious diseases.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 .Market st. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr.Gordln.sl4 Pine.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S;bed lounges
$4 60; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manui'acng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. ?4S O'Farrell. bet [' \v.-l' ft Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 3*7 Geary st.; dresses made. $5
up. perfect fit. MMX. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. .i J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st
MEDIUMS' Association to-night. Occidental
Hall, 303 Larkin; Mrs. Seal, Mrs. Shriner,
Mr. Hargrave; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND, trance medium: test circle
to-night; articles read; 10c prophetic readings.
120 Sixth st.
CRIN'DLE— Slate writing and telegraph me-
dium; sittings, $1; 10 to 5 o'clock. 330 Ellis.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing- test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234^ Sixth.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. lIS Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., S; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has. opened an office at 315 O'Farrell
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
i abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladies only; card reading at pri-
| vate entertainments.
s MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 60c; gents. $1; sit. $1 50. 128 Turk.
-, MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 996 Market st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets; 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
YOUR future told by cards, lac; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
YOUR future told by cards: satisfaction guar-
anteed; price Be. 1322 Mission St.
MY. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 12.
MISS GREEN; card reading and palmistry. 203
Post st, room 7.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36& Geary st, rooms 1 and 3.
j MRS. FRANK IE WILLIAMS has returned;
! magnetic. 906 Market st., room 21.
MME. AT/GUST, 1150 Mission st ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS M V FOX, celebrated card reader. 804
Sutter st.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
i removed to Mwii Market St, rooms 8-9.
I MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and IS. second floor, 865% Market.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist 120 Ellis st. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier. first
■ In her profession: never falls. 225 A Sutter st
I MISS ' 1.1.1K LAKE returned, palmist find
card reader. 118 Grant aye. r. 15, second floor.
M ME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth it.
MISS A FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st. r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Faireil st.
PALMISTRY.
MME, NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
! maine. 618 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
i f 2621; reading by mall, $1.
YOUR fate If In your hand; scientific palmls-
try. MME. GERMAINE. 906 Market St., r. 30.
| A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist
I 916 Bush st.. between Taylor a-nd Jones.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels b'.dg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
| work done- on the teeth Is always the most
| expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
! crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to (ill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
! A NEW patent— our iipw flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, Me; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
! $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Ht.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful-secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
I FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
! crowns $3; gold bridge*. $5 up; painless cx-
i traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
I YORK DENTISTS, !ffi3 Mission st, cor. 6th.
! VAN VROOM— Painless dentistry; guarantee 10
years- lowest prides; 10 operators; no stu-
dents; painless extraction by electricity. 997
Market st
IDR LUDLTJM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh- crowns, bridge work and fillings a
j • specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
i A FULL set of teeth. $5; tee without plates a
I specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
! TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St., corner Market.
; NEW YORK .dentist. 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth. • . ... .
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 500 up; crowns.
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
j SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
I YOUNG, 1841 Polk st ; £ -"r"V
THE PA"NT F"RA:S T CT<=CO C-ALTi, TUESDAY, MAY 30; 1399.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY WINDOW HOUSE— 2I2 Perry St.. near
Fourth st.; 4 rooms; rent $10; water free.
- Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed j
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. ■
1C Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms. 16 Metcalf place, off Geary,
between Mason and Taylor. •
HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath: all modern im-
provements; rent $16. 2754 Twenty-third st.
LAGUNA, 1717— House of 8 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard; newly papered; rent $30. .
PACIFIC Heights residence; 1907 Pacific aye..
near Gough 6t. : 8 rooms, servant's and store-
room, heater, etc.; marine view; new plumb-
ing; newly papered and painted; low rent.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
THE most charming spot In the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine lars« j
grounds: flower? and lawn; N\V. corner Guer- j
rero and Twenty -first; electric cars; house of ;
12 rooms in perfect condition; stable and car- I
riage house; rent low to good tenant Apply j
to E. G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first st., (
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission St.; key at cor. j
2 VERY pleasant sunny houses, 3386 and 338S j
Twenty-first St.. near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath; In first-class condi-
tion; rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply !
to E. G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first St..
or 655 Mission; key at corner.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
DEVISADERO. 1125 — Completely furnished I
sunny corner upper flat. 4 rooms; bath; reas.
PARTLY furnished house; modern conv'ces;
2533 Mission. Apply room S. Flood building. I
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms, yard, basement; $10. j
3254 Folsom st.; key In corner grocery. |
TO LET— IS 62 Turk St.; 4-room cottage; also |
cottage 3 rooms, rear; large stable; reasonable. |
$6— REAR cottage; 4 rooms, basement; water
free. 339 Jersey st. ; Castro cars. I
$12— SUNNY cottage; 6 rooms; newly renovated.
5 Railway aye.. off Dolores; key 3579 17th.
FLATS TO LET.
A. M BPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
FLATS. COTTAGES.
i 431 4th aye.. 6-r $15 1245 Sanchez. 5-r. .513 50 !
! 1217 Pacific. 5-r 13 1241 Sanchez. 5-r.... 13 !
; 31S Pt Lobos. 5-r.. 12 501 315 Jersey. 5-r IS
1914 Union. 5-r 12 4218 26th. 5-r 13
328 Lombard. 5-r.... 12 ! 3993 Army. 4-r S I
ADELAIDE place. 8. oft Taylor, nr Post— Flat
4 nice sunny rooms. $12. |
| FELL, 492— Elegant modern flat; 6 large sunny ;
rooms; bath; cellar; $25.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
1 list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN. 714. near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath; ,
yard. . ;
HOWARD, ISo6— Sunny double bay-window j
! flat: 6 rooms and bath; $15. ' j
t LEAVEN WORTH. 1519— Upper flat, 5 rooms; j
! gas; bath; modern improvements. j
MCALLISTER. 1441— Handsomely furnished up- j
per fiat; 7 rooms and bath; reasonable to de- I
I sirable^party^_Apply9^3oto_3.
NEW flat; 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent cheap. Apply at 349 Liberty st.
SHARON. 38, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church— slB. new flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard, stable for 2 horses. j
SIXTH 536 A —Upper flat; 5 rooms, bath; front :
and- rear entrance; large yard; rent $12.
1 SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16: repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms and bath, cheap. j
; 64 S Minna St., near Eighth. !
: THIRD, 415 A —Sunny .-at, 8 rooms, latest im- !
provements, 2 front suites with bay windows.
TURK, 520B— Sunny flat, 4 rooms; large base- !
ment; rent $12; no children. . j
UPPER sunny Hat; 6 rooms; modern improve- j
ments; tine location; rent cheap. 1212 Fulton. '
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent reason- i
able. 244 Oak st. • j
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry:
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st. near Flllmore.
$S 50— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny? side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
6 ROOMS, $14; cottaee, 4 rooms, $10. Key 623
Second st., corner Rlncon aye. I
$10— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl ,
st.. off Market, near Valencia. j
$12— CORNER upper flat, 6 rooms and bath. :
Apply eery corner 24th and Florida »ta.
$I«— S-ROOM upper flat. 4140 Twentieth St., I
near Castro. '■/■:. I
I 4591, 4687 A EIGHTEENTH st, near Hattie— 4 >
rooms and bath; $10 and $12.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING?
A— 2 LARGE sunny roome, furnished complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds, one in kltr»-
, en, one in bedroom; $10 per month. $2 60 per
week; furniture all new. Apply at shoe store,
562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second ats.
A— TWO large sunny rooms, furnished com- |
plete for housekeeping, $8 per month, $2 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission st,
between First and Second sts.
AT 14A Geary St., a completely furnished suite i
for housekeeping: closets and running water j
in both rooms; $20; also other rooms cheap.
BRANNAN, 422. near Third-2 upper sunny
'rooms, furnished or unfurnished; rent $6 mo.
BUSH, 1408, near Van .Ws.s-3 nicely furnished j
• rooms for housekeeping, $20. '
CLAY, 1723. near Van Ness aye.— To let, 3
rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
ERIE, 47—2 and 3 housekeeping rooms, separate
entrance, garden; rent $10 and $13.
FILLMORE. 2017— 512: 2 furnished rooms for |
housekeeping, with bath, wash room; yard. ,
FOLSOM, 528— Parlor floor flat of 3 large rooms;
furnished complete for hskpg: use of piano, i
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Elegant parlor suite,
vacant after June 1; references.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
| for housekeeping, only $8 a month.
HOWARD, itVik — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window run;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1, $2 50' week.
HOWARD, 1008— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, [
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up. '
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— 2 sunny front
• suites, complete for housekeeping; bath; $10
and $12. : ;
HOWARD. .2971, near 26th— 2. 3or 4 sunny un-
furnished rooms; convenient; large -closets.
HYDE, 129 — 2 nicely furnished sunny bay-wth-
dow rooms, complete for hskpg.; single; reas.
HYDE. 609—2 to 4 connecting housekeeping
rooms, complete with gas and range. $9 to $16.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite unfurnished, $10;
front suite and kitchen furnished, $20.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny bedroom and kitchen
furnished, yard. $9; large room, furnished or
unfurnished. .
LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Post— unfurnished
sunny rooms; also 2 rooms; cheap.
LEXINGTON aye., 375— Large -unfurnished
room, suitable for housekpg;:- private family.
PAGE. Three sunny front connecting
rooms, complete housekeeping; gas; bath; $14. |
POLK 610—2 or 3. sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas range; private family. ;
SIXTH. 108—2 sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for light housekeeping, $2 50 per week*. ;.-. . :.-
SIXTH 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable, .."'
SOUTH PARK, 184— 2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; also single room.
STOCKTON, 711— Nice furnished rooms for
housekpg. $8 to $1% month; other nice rooms.
! STOCKTON, 1715—2 sunny rooms; furnished
complete; yard; low rent. .
TEHAMA 153, near Third— 3 rooms, parlor,
bedroom, dining-room and kitchen; all newly
and completely furnished for housekeeping; j
rent $14- without furniture, $9: will sell the '
furniture for $90. Key at JOHN APPEL'S,
163 New Montgomery st. j
TURK. 405, corner Hyde — 4 connecting front
rras., with good stoves: suitable 2 families.
: TWENTY-FIRST, 3278. near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry. •
VALENCIA, 921 — 3 nice clean convenient house-
keeping rooms; cheap. >
VAN NESS aye., 904— Unfurnished sunny par-
Icrs; also other rooms; housekeeping.' ■ > :
ROOMS TO LET. j
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant ;
sunny rooms en suite' or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. '
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 600 to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— SUTTER, 715— Sunny furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; all conveniences; gentlemen only.
' ' ROOMS TO LET— Continued.'
A— TAYLOR. 149, : corner Eddy— furnish-
ed sunny front rooms, from ■$2 50 week up.
AT 16 Stockton st, "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen. ■
BUSH, 421, above Kearny— rms.; gas
and stationary washstand: 15c. 23c up. -.-.
BUSH, 1124— Beautiful rooms, $10 and $12; sun,
bath, running water; home comforts. •
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner, fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, IS23— Furnished rooms, private
family, $5 per month.
EDDY, 917—2 or 4 nicely furnished, clean, con-
necting; gas range; splendid location.
GEARY Elegant sunny front rooms; other
rooms; privilege light hkpg.; piano; 'phone.
GOLDEN GATE. 523— Large front room suit-
able for 2; also single; private family-;, rent
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE live.. Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 946 — Pleasant tunny front rooms
for 2; also single rooms.
HAVES, 73S— Two sunny furnished connecting
rooms to let; running water; gas.
HOWARD, S27A— front furnished room,
$2 per week. ,
HOWARD, 2971. near Twenty-sixth— One large
furnished sunny room, closet, $4 a .month.
LARGE sunny furnished room to rent reason-
able. Call 865 Mission st.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, ft per week; transient.
MISSION, 865— Large sunny furnished room;
rent reasonable. .
MISSION, 1316— Neatly furnished double rooms;
also 2 others unfurnished; sunny; adults pfd.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 208—1 single, $5 per mo., and 1
double furnished room, $2 week.
O'FARRELL, 271, nr. Powell— Elegant modern
sunny rooms, suite and single; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 5S9— furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas; bath; sunny; $14 per month.
POST, 507— Pleasant furnished sunny rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week.- $2 $s; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, Large front room suitable for
business; also rooms for light housekeeping.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 119 (The Oaks)— New first-class up-to-
date rooming house: is now open.
VAN NESS, 813— or more furnished or not;
also upper parlors; bath, gas, etc.; desirable.
VAN NESS, 904— Elegantly furnished alcove
and single room; reasonable.
~f BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished- rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
LADY who has had much experience In board-
ing school abroad is going to start boarding
school for small children in Berkeley; Eng-
lish. French. German, music, drawing; best
care; terms, $25 a month. Box 804, Call office.
O'FARRELL, 742 Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
' business locality for table boarders.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
THE Longworth, 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
1 OR 2 children to board, and room for par-
ents. 439 Minna st.
CHILDREN' HOARDED.
CHILD to board; terms reasonable. Call 2 to
4 at 1915 Central are.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 21" Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
crenm parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular pritv
STORES TO LET.
ELEGANTLY furnished store; living rooms;
rent reasonable. 256 Third st.
SEVENTH St., opposite new Postoffice; store
. and 5 rooms; $20.
SIXTH, 63S— Store and 3 rooms; large yard;
rear entrance; rent $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1< popes, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS. ~ .- -~v~
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN. until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNE, 1599,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM. until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY.
17TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899,
At which times and places they, will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines,, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1. 1599, to June JO,
1900, Inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald, President of the Board, of his bid
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders- will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public Interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
PROPOSALS—
Proposals tor Hardware, plumbers* mate-
rials, lumber, paints. .oils, etc., furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery. library books,
physical, chemical and other apparatus and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed
proposals will he received by the Superin-
tendent Qf Common Schools In open session
of the ; Board of Education, on Wednesday.
May 81, 1599, at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for 'fur-
nishing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1899-1900
with hardware, plumbers' materials, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc., and for do-
ing the printing and lithographing required
during . the said fiscal year. In accordance
with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, City. Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will be required, prior to or at the time
of execution of the contracts, to ■ pay their
proportion of the cost of advertising.
J. A. SIMPSON, , Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 27, 1899— Sealed
proposals In triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m.. Monday, June 26, 1599. and
then opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year
ending June 30. 1900. oats and hay. to be deliv-
ered on board of vessels at wharves in San
Francisco. Cal., for shipment to Honolulu, H.
I. Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or nil bids or any part thereof. Pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (Includ-
ing In the price of foreign productions the
. duty' thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence-given to article*; of American production
produced on the Pacific Coast, . to extent of
consumption required by the public service
there. All Information furnished on applica-
tion, to undersigned. Envelopes containing
bid* to be Indorsed "Proposals for
at San Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral. U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
IMPROVEMENT of San Luis Obispo harbor,
Cal.— United States Engineer's office, Laugh-
lln building. . Los Angeles. Cat.. May 27. 1899.
Sealed proposals for continuing construction
' of breakwater at. San Luis Obispo harbor.
Cal.. will be received here until 11 a. m.,
June 27, 1899, nnd then publicly opened. In-
formation furnished on application. JAMES
J. METIER. Captain Engineers. '
CO-PA RTNKKSHII' NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution ■of copartnership— No-
tice is hereby given that WINFJELD S.
DAVIS. BURT L. DAVIS and CARL- A.
■ HENRY, formerly doing business as co-
' partners under the firm name and style of
DAVIS & HENRY, have dissolved such co-
partnership and the business • heretofore done
by such firm will hereafter be conducted at
No. 215 Bansotne st. by DAVIS & HENRY, an
Incorporated company. .
Dated February 28, 1599. .<.'."
CARL A. HENRY,
V.'INFIELD S. DAVIS,
m BURT L. DAVIS. ■■ ■ :
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th. , "
CITY ItlHI, KSTATHJ. _^
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT.
RESIDENCE AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MONDAY. JUNE 12. 1«»S>.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1555-1590 Fulton st. N line 50 feet E. of
Lyon st., 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath.
bricK foundation, etc; rents $47.10 per month;
2axl00; subject to confirmation by court.
•,_„_ CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
V)SO Mission st.. NW. line 350 feet SW. of
Mxth st.; bay-window house <if H rooms and
bath, brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x85.
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P BERWIN (DE-
CEASED).
1320 Golden Gate aye., N. line 137:6 feet E. of
Stelner; elegant residence, with large grounds,
garden, lawn, etc.; lot 68:9x137:6.
BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
2720 Mission st., W. line 116:9 feet S. of
Twenty-third; elegant cottage of 7 rooms and
bath, conservatory, etc.; lot 100x350 to Bart-
lett St.; to be sold in sub-divisions.
TRUSTEE SALE.
3771 Twentieth St., S. line 155 feet E. of Do-
lores; 2 flats 4 and 6 rooms, bath, brick foun-
dation, etc.; rents $2S per month; 25x114.
TRUSTEE SALE.
218 Chattanooga st., W. line 2PO feet S. of
Twenty-third; 2 flats of 6 and 6 rooms, bath.
brick foundation, etc.; rents $32 per month;
25x175.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
SE. corner Halght and Scott sts., 3 stores of
4 rooms each* with cement' basements and ii
modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
cement sidewalks; both streets accepted; rents
$212 i<J per month; G5:9x72:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
20 Diamond st.. W. line 174 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; new modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, nicely finished, brick foundation, etc.;
24:10x135; mortgage of $1200 at 6^ per cent can
remain.
MISSION COTTAGES.
1523, 1525 and 1527 Sanchez st.. E. line 26:6
feet S, of Valley St., 3 cottages of 5 rooms and
bath each, larpe basement; rents $13 eachTas
a whole or separately.
MUST BE SOLD.
329 Noe st.. E. line 140:9 feet S. of Sixteenth;
flat of 5 rooms and bath and lower portion used
as a blacksmith shop; 2oxloo.
PACIFIC ST. INVESTMENT.
! 1417-1419 Pa'cine st. S. line 157:6 feet W. of
■ Hyde st.. 2 Mats of 4 and 5 roQms, bath; rents
j $20 per month; 20x73.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
656 Jessie st., NW. line EOO feet SW. of Sev-
enth; front and rear house of 5 and 6 rooms;
rents $17 per month; 25x75.
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P. BERWIN (DE-
CEASED).
Howard st.. E. line 225 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; 24x114.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Hush St.. S. line 50 feet E. of Baker; lot
25x87:6.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
1336-r.S-60 Webster st., E. line 25 feet P. of
O'Farrell; 2 bay-window flats of 6, 6 and 7
rooms, bath, brick foundation: rents $60; 25x90;
mortgage of $4iXK> at 6' 2 per cent can remain.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
A SUBSTANTIAL INVESTMENT.
$13,850— Within 1 block of Geary and Larkin
ets. ; 3 fine houses, all rented; pays 7 per cent
net; lut 5u feet front
A MODERN RESIDENCE.
14100— Rent $57; Clementina st., near Second;
1 brick building: also frame building; lot 50x75;
biggest kin-l of a bargain.
$8500— Post st.. near Polk; 2-story residence
of X' rooms, bath, etc.; all in splendid repair;
lot 27Hx120.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
$5500 — Leaven worth st., near California: 2-
story bay-window house, containing 2 flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath each; rent $42 50; lot has
] a double frontage.'
AshbUry st.. near Fell; 2 handsome
flats within a stone's throw of the Park; con-
tains t> ar.il 7 rooms ami all conveniences; rent
$s;>; lot 0.->x106:3.
A PICK-UP.
j $5150— Broderir-k St., near Sutter: 2-stnry reM-
-1 dence of io rooms and bath: also stable; extra
large lot, 50x!»0; room for another building.
A MODERN RESIDENCE.
$8500 — Washington Bt.. near Broderick; con-
tains i rooms and bath; lot 25x127:5; mortgage
of $2500 can remain.
| $1800— Saturn St., close to Douglass and Sev-
\ enK-enth; 2-story house; 1 floor finished; con-
tains + rooms and bath: would make 2 good
Bats; $1000 can remain un mortgage; magnifl-
i cent view.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$2200— Ritch St., close to Brannan and Third;
2 houses; rent $35; lot 25x75.
FLATS IN RICHMOND.
$2000— Eleventh aye., near Point Loboa; 2-
story bay-window house, 2 flats: rent $17; lot
20; mortgage of $ir>Cw can remain.
$2500— Leaven worth st., near Broadway; 2-
! story house of 7 rooms; rent $18.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$27,000 — Rents $4750 per annum; a fine 3-
story brick building on Washington St., bet.
Dupont and Stockton; 3 stores and lodging-
house above; all rented; mortgage of $14,000 can
stand.
$3000— Elliott Park, between Guerrero and
Dolores sts. ; 2 flats: rent $24.
$3000— Bryant Bt., bet. Ninth and Tenth: 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent
$22 50; lot 25x55.
$24,000--Rent $2175 per annum; a fine invest-
ment on Eil.lv st.; a prominent corner, sub-
stantially improved; lot 62:6x100; mortgage of
$500 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
FINE couNK!; INVESTMENT.
$9250— Prominent corner on Page St., 1 block
from the Park; modern flats; rented continu-
ously; large lot; an excellent buy. BALDWIN
A M"U Ki.L.
CHEAP ' FLATS
AT THE MISSION.
$"2. r .n— Rent $348 per year; Clinton Park, near
Fourteenth and Guerrero sts. ; bay-window
flats; 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
POOR MANS CHANCE.
$12."0 — Termf-", $4.'>o cash; old- fashioned house
containing six rooms and high basement;
Third aye., bet. Point I. iboa and clement:
size of lot. 3'.x70; get permit from office to
inspect. F. A. McNALLY & CO., li» Mont-
gomery st.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4£00; 60-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
sts.; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure If sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner. 464
Ninth st.. Oakland.
ONE of the most complete houses ever offered
for sale; 455 Frederick, nr. Stanyan; contains
Ktilon parlors, dining room, kitchen, 4 bay-
window bedrooms; finished basement; finely
decorated throughout. Owner on promises.
FOR rale— Very cheap, an elegant new dwell-
ing, containing 9 rooms and bath, with fin-
ished nttlc and basement; best marine and
park views; on Masonic aye., block above
Frederick st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MI'RPHY, 630 Market st.
$2500— NEW modern 6-room cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Tv/entleth
and Castro ats. F. NELSON. Builder.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate P^irk,
west of First aye. ,• and you wish to sell,
then r\ill on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$13.V>--ri>TTAC.E of 4 rooms and lot 27:6x100';
furniture included. Diamond st., near 20th.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money ge.e H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
LOST.
2 PAIRS Le Malre opera glasses, on ferry boat
Berkeley, on 11:15 trip Sunday to Oakland;
1 pair had Initials H. F. : suitable reward.
2150 Santa Clara aye.. Alameda.
PT. BERNARD dog 16 months old; strayed
Saturday. Reward offered by returning to
3H2S Seventeenth st.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog -with tag 2365.
Reward at !Hfl Geary st.
LOST— Dark blue greyhoimd, white spot on
breast, Friday night; reward. C. ANDER-
SEN, 227 Second St., or 57 Clementina.
FOUND.
FOUND— Brown water spaniel dog. O. H.
PORTER, Cal. Market, after 6 p. m.
FOUND Dowel mare; prove property and pay
expenses. 1908 Greenwich st. •
FOUND— Fair fox terrier pups; prove property
and pay expenses. 1&20 Greenwich st.
MINING ENTERPRISE. __
TO the new Bold fields, Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Buy, Lbwer California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight;
accommodations for 150 passengers; cal! early,
as only few berth? left. CHAS. F. BLAN-
DJ.N, President, 1C California st.. room 5.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco In-
come property— A highly improved farm in
Sacramento- County, 7 miles east of Sacra-
mento, on railroad; 140 acres in bearing
vines, shipping and wine grapes; 50 acres in
bearing orchard shipping fruit; 30 acres In
new vineyard and orchard; 35 acres in alfalfa,
balance hay and grain; entire place under a
good state of cultivation; will be sold as a
whole or in 75,. 100, 160-acre tracts. For
further Information address J. E. MAN-
LOVE, Perkins. Cal.
FOR sale, cheap — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake. Van-
couver .and: , unexcelled salmoi and trput
-fishing and bunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season or 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. r> HOLCOM x- CO.. 20 M nt • •> rv st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ■
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undlv'd lnt'ts. etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY to loan on. chattel mortgages and city
and country properties. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason Ft.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Superior Court, City and
County of San Francisco, State of California-
Estate of CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER, de-
ceased. Notice is hereby given by the under-
signed administrator of the estate of
CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER, deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having- claims
against said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers within four months
after the first publication of this notice to the
said administrator at the office of George T.
Wright Esq., room 8, tenth floor. Mills build-
ing, in said city and county, which said office
the undersigned selects as his place of busi-
ness in all matters connected with said estate.
HENRY MULLER.
Administrator of the Estate of CHARLES
ADOLPH MULLER. Deceased.
Dated May 23. 1899.
K. K. TAYLOR. Attorney for Estate.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BOOM—
In North Oakland Real Estate.
Prices of Lots in this part of Oakland are
Increasing every day.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
NEW RAILROADS.
NEW FERRY.
•KEW ELECTRIC LINE.
ALL MAKE PROPERTY VALUES GO UP.
ONLY CHANCE TO BUY AT YOUR OWN
PRICE.
San Pablo Avenue Lots.
Market Street Lots.
Thirty-third Street Lots.
Thirty-fourth Street Lots.
Beautiful business and residence property.
AT AUCTION AT AUCTION
SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1599.
ON THE GROUND.
NO RESERVE.
STREET WORK ALL DONE.
EASY TERMS.
ONE-THIRD CASH.
ONE-THIRD IN TWELVE MONTHS.
ONE-THIRD IN EIGHTEEN MONTHS.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland.
Mills Building, San Francisco.
Rooms 15 and 16. Second Floor.
$1100 — 5-ROOM house; bath; near trains; also 8
lots cheap. '.'«> Third St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
THE largest and best list of furnished and un-
furnished houses for rent In Oakland. J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE Full HALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer 11th and Franklin. Oflkland;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ALAMF.'M RKAI. KSTATK.
IM?ORTTNT~TarriCE to HOMESEF.KERSn
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to .close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51050 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements,
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market St., S. P., Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS, FUNKE. 141S sth it.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chickens;
here is your opportunity: I have a very fine
corner lot. 200x140, with a fine house of 7
rooms; in perfect order; electric- cars pass
the property; only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc. ; to be sold
fdr less than the improvements cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
ONLY $1600 for a very desirable 6-room house
and lot; handy to electric and local station.
O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FINELY furnished cottage, 4 room?; bath;
pantry: high basement. Northwest corner
Cedar ami Arch sts..- North Berkeley.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William A. Logle and Estelle G. Thrasher.
Julian Oestrlecher and Tillie Korn 29-23
John Carlson and Emma Johnson... 31-25
Edward F. Martlng and Mary N. Davlson.. 29-27
C. W. Derby and Elizabeth A. Pulschen 56-50
William Peters and Ella R. Icard 25-23
David L. Dllmar and Ella M. Smith. 44-44
M. I. Asmussen and Anna J. Willardson..26-2S
Sam F. Scott and Franc M.Owen 24-21
Constant J. Auger and Hattle D. de Lyons.27-24
Arthur G. Swift and May M. Hogan 20-18
J. H. Vincent and Katherine Rosenblatt.. 2s-27
Alois G. Hodetz and Anna Sanders 37-39
Edmund Q. Burke and Penelope Richards. 24-18
Maynard Jones and Itha Golden 26-1S
, EIRTHS-MARRMES-Mm
Birth, marriage .and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be. handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the- name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FERRETTI— In this city. May 22. 1599, to the
• wife of John Ferretti, a daughter.
KAMINSKI— In this city, May 20, 1899, to the
wife of S. J. Kamlnski, a daughter.
LADEWIG— In this city, to the wife of Authur
E. Ladewie, a son.
LEDDERHOS— In this city. May 5, 1599. to the
wife of Theodore Ledderhos, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANTJRESEN— In this city. May 27.
1889, by the Rev. Paul Branke. Peter Emil
| Andreses and Gertrude L. Sahling.
BRANSBY— SAWYER— In Los Angeles. May 26.
1899, J. Ransome Bransby and Florence Saw-
yer.
BRISTOL— DOHERTY^In Oakland. May 29,
1899, Henry C. Bristol and Celia C. S. Doherty,
both of San Francisco.
COULTER— MUELLER— In this city. May 28,
1839, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John Coul-
ter and Elizabeth Mueller.
DREWS— BOWE— In this city. May 2S, 1599,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Claus Henry
Drews and Tillie Bowe.
HOLMBERG— HOFMANN— In this city, May.
I 24, 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, John
Holmberg and Lina Hofnmnn.
KRAUS— WITTENBERGER— In this city. May
28, 1899,' by the Rev. 11. Samuelson. Morris
Kraus and Ernestine Wittenberger, both of
San Francisco.
STELLING— PRANGE— In this city. May 28.
ISM. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Stel-
Ung and Emma Prange.
DIED.
Bailey, Henry Hayes, Frank J.
Behm. Jennie • Jessup. Dr. Thos. C.
Bray. Susan S. Johnsen, Ole ■
Cassell. Robert J. : Johnston, Margaret
Cohn, H. ■: ■ - Kinne. Mrs. W. H.
Cowan. Ann Mayer. Gittel
Cramer, James T. O'Neill. Mary E.
De'Fremery. James Protter, Jackson
• Delfs, Henry Rogers. Nellie I.
Fleming, Nora E. • Sheerin. Thomas CJ.
Grebe, Mildred P. Stilljes, Herman
Grindley. Dr. T. R. - Suren. Annie
Hall, Mrs. May White, Francis C.
Hampton, Edna M.
BAILEY— In this city. May 27, 1599, Henry
Bailey, a native of lowa, aged 41 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. where
services will be held under the ausDlces of
San Francisco Lodee No. 5. Fraternal Order
of Eagles. By order of president.
■;.: ■:-.-;■■;,• GUSTAVE I'd I. MANX. Sec.
BEHM— In this city-; May 27. 1899. Jennie, be-
leved sister of Ema'nue!, Sol S. and AI H.
Benin, a native of Poland, aged 39 years.
G~T Friends and acquaintances are respc-ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother, Emanuel ltehm, 110% Oak
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Towns-
end streets. -i., . : • .'
BRAY— In Melrose. May 28, 1-9, Susan S.,
beloved "wife of Arthur Bray, and Bister of
Anna, Asrnes. and Daniel Couriers, a native
of California, aged IS years and 7 months.
CASSELL— In this city. May 29, 1899, Robert J.,
beloved husband of Jane Cassell, and father
of Joseph B. Cassell, a native of Ireland,
aged 6'J years and 4 months.
COHN— In this city. May 27, 1899, H. Cohn, be-
loved husband of Henrietta Cohn, father of
Charles, Levi. Abe, Harry. Dave, Newton
and Alfred Cohn. Mrs. B. Cohn, Mrs. M.
Gooday, Mrs. M. Schwartz and , Mrs. B.
Fischer, and brother of S. Cohn, a native of
Poland, aged 61 years.
[I ."Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1252 Eddy street, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for In-
terment. -.■;-. • ■.-•-•/:
COWAN— In this city, May 29, 1899, Ann. widow
of the late Hugh Cowan, and mother <■' Mrs.
A. Wilson, Mrs. J. R. Lawson, Mrs. J. C.
Hamilton, Mrs. William T. Boyce and Wil-
liam and Hugh Cowan, a native of England,
aged (J'J years and 10 months. •
C? Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1322
Folsom street. Interment private.
CRAMER— In this city, May 27. 1899, James T.,
beloved son of Bernard and the late Kate
Cramer, and brother of Katie Cramer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5 months
and 5 days.
[C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, 14 Ritch street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of. his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DE FREMERY— In La Junta. Colo., May 28,
1899, James de Fremery. beloved father of
James L. de Fremery and Mrs. P. J. Van
Loben Sels, a native of Holland, aged 73
years.
DELFS— this city. May 28, 1S!»9, Henry, dear-
ly beloved husband of Laura Delfs, and
father of Walter H. Delfs. a native of Hol-
stein, Germany, aged 57 years 4 months and
15 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 665 Pine street, near Stockton. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FLEMING— In this city. May 28, 1839, Nora E..
daughter of the late John and Catherine
t Fleming, and sister of Mrs. J. D. Sullivan and
the late Peter J. Fleming, a native of Worces-
ter, Mass.
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesijay), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
. of her Sister, Mrs. J. D. Sullivan, 218 Fair
Oaks street, thence to St. James Church, cor-
ner of Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GREBE— In Oakland, May 25, 1899. Mildred P..
only and beloved daughter of William C. and
Constance Grebe, a native of Chicago, 111.,
aged 10 years and 5 months.
GRINDLEY— In this city, May 2S. 1899, Dr.
Thomas R. Grindley. a native of Scotland,
aged 59 years 2 months and 16 days.
!T7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 242.'. Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
HALL— In this city. May 28. 1899, Mrs. May
Hall, beloved mother of Mrs. John Bennett,
a native of New York.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, 4409 Eighteenth street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAMPTON— In this city. May 29, 1899. Edna
Millicent, dearly beloved daughter of William
and Eva Hampton, and sister of Lewis Hamp-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 2 months.
HAVES— In this city. May 27, 1899, Frank Jo-
seph Hayes, a native of New York, aged 47
years.
JESSUP— In this city, May 29. 1599, suddenly.
■ Dr. Thomas ('.. dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Jessup. and dearly beloved father
of Douglas, Lloyd and Eulalie Jessup, aged
65 years.. ,- i' y ,'■
JOHNSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
May 29, 1599, Ole Johnsen, a native of Nor-
way, aged 53 years.
JOHNSTON— this city, May 29, 1899, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Owen John-
ston, and mother of Winifred. Annie, James,
Lillle, Thomas, and Helena Johnston, Mrs. P.
McDermott. Mrs. J. Haughton, Mrs. Norton
and the late Mrs. W. McKenna. a native of
Donegal, Ireland.
- C ':' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 62 Rausch street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
KINNE— In Redwood City, May 29, 1899, Mrs.
W. H. Kinne, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
63 years 6 months and 19 days. (Boston pa-
per's please copy. ) r \
C7"Frii'nd« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Con-
gregational Church, Redwood City. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery on arrival of 12:12
o'clock train.
MAYER— In this city. May 29. 1899, Gittel, wife
of the late A. L. Mayer, and mother of Mrs,
M. J. Blackman and Benjamin and David L.
Mayer, a native of Russia, aged 8G years.
ICTFrlends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from
the residence of her daughter. 2520 Sutter,
Ftreet. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery;
■ by 10:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. ■
O'NEILL— In this city. May 2fl, 1899, Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of John and Mary
O'Neill, and sister of John Humphrey O'Neill.
a native of Fresno, Cal., aged 1 year and 2
months.
PROTTER— In this city. May 27, 1899, Jackson
Protter. a native of Missouri, aged 60 years.
ROGERS— In this city. May 28, 1899, Nellie Isa-
belle, infant daughter of Clarence and Jessie
Rogers, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 14 days. : - : ; ■'■<■.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 613 A York street. Interment Ma-
• sonic Cemetery.
SHEERIN— In this city. May 28, 1899. Thomas
J beloved husband of Clara Sheerin. and
brother of Mrs. W. B. Hanly, a native of
California, aged 29 years 10 months and 22
days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Pat-
rick's Church.. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co.. 946 Mission street. :."■". : '
STELLJES— In this city May 29, 1899, Her-
man, dearly beloved husband of Anna B.
! Stelljes, and father of Herman and Henriette
I Stelljes, a native of Germany, aged 43 years.
SUREN— In this city. May 29. 1599, Waldo, be-
loved son of Joseph and Annie Suren, and
brother 'of Ludwig, Leo and Theresa Suren, a
native of California, aged 2 years 4 months
and n days.
WHITE— In this city. May 26. 1899. Francis
Caroline White, a native of New York City,
aged 42 years and 2 month's.
(CTRemains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
| Metzler, 636 Washington street.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., :
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAIiMTBB^
« •0 Fifth »t.. opposite JUacola SefcMfc -<
J Telephone South ML
1112
Military and civic parade, escorting
G. A. R. posts as far as Van Ness ave
nue, 10 a. m.
Exercises at G. A. R. plat. Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery, on arrival of the pro
cession.
Exercises at National Cemetery,
Presidio Reservation, under the au
spices of George H. Thomas Post, G.
A. R.. 10 a. m.
Solemn requiem mass at St. Peter's
Church. Alabama street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, for
the repose of the souls of deceased
members of Phil Sheridan Council. Y.
M. I.
Company D. League of the Cross
Cadets, will go to Holy Cross Ceme
tery in the afternoon and decorate the
grave of their late comrade. James F.
O'Brien.
Parade of Oakland posts, G. A. R.,
and escort, through Oakland at 10
a. m.. to Grand Army plat in Moun
tain View Cemetery, where appropri
ate exercises will be held.
Memorial exercises at Berkeley by
PICNICKERS
THREATENED TO
HANG STERNBERG
Lively Time at the
Mariners' Outing.
There was a lively "scrap* 1 at the picnic
given by the Mariners' Association Sun
day which for a time threatened to result
ir. a general riot.
The trouble was brought about by a
gang of "grafters" trom the city, who
attempted to rob the susceptible members
of the association .>y various sure-thing
gambling devices. Scarcely had the boat
containing the pienhk'-rs left the < ity
when the president of Lhe organization dis
covered the presen -c of at least a half
dozen "grafters" and "sure-thing" opera
tor*. He at oner- held  consultation With
several other officers of the association
and it was screed thai In case they at
tempted to "work" the crowd they were
t' be summarily dealt with.
After arriving at the picnic grounds one
of the gang opened up a "drop" game,
vlilrh is prohibited by law. Several
"boosters" gathered around the operator
cf the ">kin" game and vainly endeavored
to induce the anxious onlookers to make
a bet.
"Yer can't lose," confidently remarked
one of the gang to a member of the as
sociation, who appea.cd to be interested
in the game
"Play a five-dollar nott and if yer don't
•win I'll sec that yer >, r et yer money back."
A well-dressed young man. who was a
guest of the association, overhearing the
assuring words <.f the "capper,-" quickly
produced his purse and taking out a
five-dollar gold piece placed it with the
dealer, of course he lost and after real
izing that he had been robbed he entered
B vigorous "kick."- In a few minutes the
members Of the association, learning of
the robbery, decided to drive the ""graft
ers" off the grounds. While they were
discussing how to get rid of them another
guest complained thai be bad neon robbed
of Jio by a "pea and shell" operator.
Angered beyond measure a specially se
lected committee of mariners charged on
the "grafters" and after wrecking the
"drop game started i>. disperse the gang.
n was then thai the fun commenced
I tin "1 Bters" for the game who
is known as "Crooked George, drew his
revolver and threatened to kill anybody
v. ho inU rfered with him.
He was seized from behind and quickly
mcd of Ids gun. As he still showed -t
disposition to be ugly he was knocked
down and severely beaten.
At this, juncture I.<m Sternberg, who
■was convicted of ballot-box stuffing an«
lent to San Quentin, but was afterward
pardoned by Governor Markham, evi
MEMORIAL DAY
Lookout Mountain Post, Q. A. R.,
j 7:45 p. m.
Regatta of the Corinthian Yacht
Club over the channel course, begin
ning at 11:45 a. m.
Class flag regatta. California YaAt
Club, over the usual course, starting
at 1 p. m.
Oakland Canoe Club will keep
"open house at its quarters in East
I Oakland.
Baseball at Recreation Park be
tween San Francisco and Sacramento
at 2:30 p. m.
Picnic of the employes of the local
freight department of the Southern
Pacific, at Los Gatos.
UNUSUAL significance is attached
to Memorial day. which will be
more generally observed to-day
than it has ever been. Dur
ing the long interim of peace
after the close of the rebellion the day
gradually came to be regarded as more
of a holiday than one set apart in
which to pay some slight tribute to the
nation's fallen heroes, but within the
year the country has passed through
another struggle that has proved not
SO sanguinary as the four years' light
ing of '61-5, but still has added many
names to the honor roll.
In addition to those of Chat matchless
'•■ army that subjugated their rebellious
brethren of the South, who have re
! sponded to the final roll call during th<>
year — and the grizzled veterans' ranks
; are all too rapidly thinning — thousands
of their sons who responded to the
more recent call to arms have found
soldiers' graves. On the slopes of El
Caney. Siboney and Santiago; In the
swamps and morasses of the far-off
i Philippines; in the cemeteries of every
1 State in the Union sleep those who
gave their lives to their country as
freely as did their fathers a third of
! a century ago.
To-day the graves of these younger
; heroes will be moistened with tears and
garlanded with sweet blossoms as well
:as those of that former generation:
loving memories will go out to those
who sk-ep on foreign shores as well
as those whose sepulchers were dug in
, Southern soil: the veteran of '61 will
clasp hands with the veteran of "98.
In San Francisco, the Memorial ser
, vices will lit- divided into two parts,
one at the Grand Army plat In Odd
I Fellows' Cemetery, and the other at
the National Cemetery at the Presidio.
I Prior to the first services, there will
j be an imposing parade of all the O.
• A. R. posts In the city, with the ex
c-ption of Thomas Post, escorted by
military organizations, civic societies
and school children. The parade- will
form at Market and Battery streets at
10 a. m. and move up Market street to
Golden Gate avenue to Van
dently determined to Have the "graftT '
from being beaten to death, took a band
li the melee. He ln'carac convinced in a
short time that be was "up agaJnst it." as
hf afterward expressed it. and took to his
heels.
At least a dozen of the brawny mariners
followed him, intending to wreak sum
mary vengeance, as they believed that
Sternberg was responsible for the pres
< i i •■ of the members of the "sure-thing"
1 fraternity. Cries of "Lynch him!" "Shoot
! the scoundrel!'" and similar threatening
expressions were burled at Sternberg as
lie made rapid strides inward the railroad
track in the hopes of catching a train
and thus eludifig his pursuers.
Realizing that the angry mariners
meant business. Policemen Morris and
, Uines, after overtaking Sternberg, drew
' their olfbs and ordered the crowd back.
'■ Swrnberg tremblingly appealed to them
to save his life and as the crowd drew
back in obedience to the command of the
police officers the convicted ballot-box
stuffer emitted a sign of relief.
"I had a narrow escape." he remarked,
as he wiped the beads of perspiration
. from his brow. 'They (meaning the
crowd) had the best oC it. but if 1 had
i had my 45-caliber Colts with me there
would have been something doing."
Thinking that Sterrvierg and his friends
were still in danger of being mobbed by
the angry crowd, the police officers had
them sent back to the city on the regu
lar train.
"It's a lucky thing for them that they
«'id not return on the picnic train." re~
marked one of the mariners yesterday.
"We were prepared for them and intended
t< give them a warm reception."
Sternberg denies that he was with the
gang of grafters, but admits that he in
tended to run a roalette wheel on the
grounds providing that no objection was
effered.
Last night several members of the
Mariners' Association visited police head
quarters and informed Chief Lees of the
! operations of the gari* of grafters at their
picnic. To-day an effort will be made by
the police to apprehend them.
Sickroom Requisites, Sale or Rent.
Residence Nursing Work by the Hour
(ioodban'sXum-s 1 Ag'n'y, 1117 Van Ness
Seven Pines Circle.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the
Grand Army, held memorial services in
its hall. Native Sons' building, last night
in respect to the memory of the members
who during the year had passed away.
A number of vacant chairs representing
the. departed were filled with beautiful
flowers. There were exercises appropri
ate to the occasion and an eloquent ad
dress by Rev. Mr. McKnight.
»♦ « _
Half a Thousand Chinese.
Six hundred and eixty-eight Chinese ar
rived yesterday on the China and are
seeking admission. Many of these claim
to be merchants returning to this State
after a visit to the Flowery Kingdom.
Wants a Divorce.
Mrs. Nanny Gieschen filed suit yester
day for a divorce from her husband. Wil
liam Gieschen. Mrs. Gieschen alleges
crU( Ity as a cause of action.
CITLERY DAY.
Some articles cut BO per cent.
Some articles cut F>o per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, HAY 30, 1899.
where the column will be reviewed by
Colonel H. B. Freeman. U. S. A., and
dismissed. The line will form in the
following order:
Detachment of mounted police, Chief I.
W. Lees commanding.
Aid to Chief, Lieutenant George Bird
fall.
Rifle Battalion— Captain George Witl
man. Company A; Captain John Spillane,
Company B.
Grand Marshal, John A. Whiteside.
Chief of Staff, Colonel H. P. Bush.
Chief Aid, James Klernan.
Aids— A . F. Northrop, Abe Loane. .1.
P. Williams, James H. Riley, M. J. Col
lins, W. H. Turner, J. S. French.
Troop A, Cavalry, N. G. C, Captain M.
Burnett commanding.
Band, Twenty-fourth United States In
fantry.
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry,
Colonel H. B. Freeman commanding.
Battalion Naval Militia from U. S. S.
Marion, Lieutenant Commander Thomas
A. Nerny commanding.
Fifth Division from Santa Cruz, Lieu
tenant Carl E. Lindsay.
Engineer Division from San Francisco,
Lieutenant W. P. Bonnev.
Battery of four Hotchkiss guns from
San Francisco, Lieutenant W. F. Burke.
Independent Rifles, Captain L. Schnei
der commanding.
Golden Gate Company, First Regiment
Uniformed Rank Knights of Pythias,
Captain George W. Montieth command
ing.
Drum and Bugle Corps.
Columbia Park Boys' Club, Captain C.
li. Alberger commanding.
Native Sons of Vermont, Hon. Edward
A. Belcher, president.
State of Maine Association, F. W. Hall,
president.
Ohio Society. Benjamin B. Haskell,
president.
Fraternal Order of Eagles, Henry
Baehr, president.
Companies from the Public Schools —
George S. Miehllrig, marshal.
Hamilton School military band.
Horace Mann Grammar. Crocker Gram
mar. Franklin Grammar. Agassiz, Edi
son, Haight. Richmond. Harrison, Madi
son, Grant. Lincoln Grammar.
Pupils of public ruhools- flunking the
Grand Army and Spanish War veterans-
Marshal. P. 11. C. StahJe.
Fair Oaks Camp No. 15, Sons of Veter
ans, D. B. Plymire commanding.
Veterans Spanish war. Captain Edgar
C. Sutliffe commanding.
Grand Army of the IU public.
Firemen's band.
Lincoln Post No. 1, George. H. Robinson
commander. c
James A. Garfleld Post No. 34, Edward
S. Salomon commander.
Colonel Cass Post No. 4fi, A. B. Don
nelly commander.
General George G. Monde Post No. -IS,
W. S. Small. S. V. C. commanding.
Liberty Post No. 133, John McDonald
commander.
Fifty young ladies from Burnett School
In a float.
In carriages:
President of the day, Charles Edelman.
Orator, Hon. James G. Magulre.
Poet. W. W. Stone.
Chaplain, Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Reader of Lincoln's Gettysburg Ad
dress. C. N. Harris.
Secretary of general committee, Frank
Elliott Myers.
Rev. Lewis Halsey. chaplain First Regi
ment. National Guard of Arizona.
Miss Blanche McGuirei in charge of
music.
Board of Supervisors.
Board of Education.
Grand Army Veterans in carriages.
Reviewing officer, Colonel H. v. Free
man. U. S. A.
Reviewing stand, .ast side, of Van Ness
avenue, at Turk street.
After the parade the Grand Army
posts will board cars at Geary street
and proceed to the cemetery. " At the
entrance line will be reformed and pro
ceed to the Grand Army plat, where the
following exercises will be held:
I— Minute guns, Naval Battalion N
G. C.
2— Music, band.
3— Remarks by Charles Edelman presi
dent of the day.
4— lnvocation by Rev. Charles E. Locke.
5— Hymn.
fi— Gettysburg address. C. N. Harris.
7— "The Nation's Dead" (memorial ode),
Burnett School choral band; music by
Frank G. Rohn>r.
R— Orlgnal poem, W. W. Stone, poet of
the day.
9— Music, band.
10— Oration by Hon. James G. Maguire.
11— Dirge, band.
12— Strewing flowers over graves of de
parted comrades.
13— Parting salute, Lincoln Post liring
party.
14— "America," Burnett choral, audience
joining.
i" Benediction.
Taps.
George H. Thomas Post will proceed
COMMISSIONERS
TO PARIS MEET
AND ORGANIZE
Runyon Receives the
Highest Honors.
The California Commissioners of the
Paris Exposition held their lirst session
yesterday morning. In a short half hour
the preliminaries of organization were
'. perfected and the commission arrived at a
: status ready for the prosecution of the
! labors, for which they were appointed.
The morning meeting, which was in the
office of \V. W. Foote In the Spreckels
; building, brought the three Commissioners
| together for the first time. Ben C. Tru
i man, E. W. Runyon and W. \V. Foote,
I the three appointees of the Governor, and
Varney \\\ Qasklll, who was unanimous
; ly elected the secretary of the commis
slon, appeared sharply at the hour of
: meeting and little time was lost in reach
ing the business for which they had as
sembled. According to programme E. W.
Kunyon of Red Bluff was elected presi
dent and (raskill secretary. Gaskill's sal
ary was fixed at $250 a month. The Com
missioners then took a recess until 3
I o'clock in the afternoon, when they again
met for the further transaction of busi
i ness.
Tho afternoon session was held at the
permanent offices of the commission,
| rooms 66 and SG. Occidental Hotel. A let
ter which Foote had received from Sen
; ator Perkins inquiring about the arrange
ments for the distribution of the Califor
nia exhibits was read and discussed.
None of the local Commissioners seemed
to know just what the Paris Commission
ers intended to do concerning the United
States exhibits, as to the space allowed
and the distribution of the local exhibits
Foote suggested that one of the State
commission take a trip to Chicago and
consult Ferdinand \V. Peck. Commission
er General of the United States, in regard
jto the California- exhibit. Tt was the
! unanimous opinion of the State Commis-
J sloners to use all necessary means to se-
I cure a segregated exhibit.
Without much waste of time the Com
missioners voted that one of their own
body should go on the mission, though
i each one of the three was reluctant to
make the trip. Runyon was finally per
suaded to make the journey, and ht
i will leave for Chicago on Friday. Fer
| dlnand W. Peck has been telegraphed of
the action of the State Commission, and
[ an interview with Runyon is requested.
| The sole purpose of the trip is to secure
; a separate space for our exhibits, so that
: the entire contribution from California
j may appear by itself and have some char
acteristic and distinguishing quality.
Major Truman was appointed as a
committee of one to confer with the sec
| retary of the board of managers of the
Mechanics' Institute Exposition and
I Chairman Filcher of th£ Board of Trade
to the Presidio at 10 a. m. and will be
met at the entrance by detachments
of the Third United States Artillery and
Fourth Cavalry. The procession will
proceed to the National Cemetery,
where impressive services will be held.
A solemn requiem mass will be cele
brated for the repose erf the souls of the
deceased members of Phil Sheridan
Council No. 72, Young Men's Institute,
in St. Peter's Church, Alabama street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty
fifth, at 8 o'clock this morning. The
sermon will be preached by Rev. Father
Grant.
The members of Company D, First
Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets,
will go to Holy Cross Cemetery this
afternoon to decorate the grave of their
late comrade, James F. O'Brien. The
services at the grave will consist of re
marks and prayers by the company
chaplain, Rev.' J. J. Cullen of Sacred
Heart parish, volley firing, taps. etc.
Company D belongs in Sacred Heart
parish.
In addition to these patriotic services
the following out-of-door amusements
are scheduled for the day:
SWIFT YACHTS WILL
RACE FOR PENNANTS
The annual Corinthian regatta to be
held to-day over the channel course will
be largely attended by lovers of yacht-
Ing. The Californias having troubles—
that is to say, a regatta— of their own,
will not be able to be present. The South
Bays and Son Franciscos will cruise to
the city front to witness the racing,
which bids fair to be exciting. At 11:40
a. m. one long whistle from the regatta
committee's tug will serve as a signal to
the yachts to get ready. The start will
be of the one-gun variety. At 11:45 live
whistles will be the signal for yachts of
the twenty-foot class to start; at 12 noon
four whistles will be the starting signal
for yachts of the twenty-five-foot class;
three whistles at 12:15 p. m. will be the
signal for the thirty-foot class; two whis
tles at 12:30 p. m. will be the signal for
the thirty-six-footers, and one whistle at
12:45 p. m. will start the yachts of Class 1.
The time of all yachts will be taken from
the starting signal of the class. Yachts
of the twenty-foot class are allowed to
carry a crew of three, those of the fcsven
ty-flve-foot class a crew of five, those of
the thirty-foot class a crew of six, those
of the thirty-six-foot class a crew of
eight and those of Class 1 a crew of nine,
all to be amateurs. The regatta commit
tee's tug will lie alongside the seawall nt
a point 300 feet to the east of the Cus
toms Officers' barge office at the foot of
Taylor street. A red ball will be hoisted
thereon when the whistles of each class
begin, and will remain hoisted for live
minutes.
The course for the twenty-foot class
will be from an imaginary line drawn
from the seawall to a stakehoat an
chored l"t H| feet offshore, to and around
Presidio Shoal buoy, leaving it on the
port side; thence back across the start
ing line. The twenty-five-footers, after
rounding Presidio Shoal buoy, will sail
to and around Blossom Rock buoy; thence
due north 2% miles to a stakeboat; thence
to the starting line. The thirty-footers,
thirty-six-footers and Class 1, after
rounding the stakeboat just mentioned,
will proceed to and around Presidio Sho:U
buoy, keeping Alcatraz on the starboard
side; thence home across the starting
line.
The class-flag regatta of the California
Yacht Club will be sailed to-day over the
usual course, starting across an imag
inary line drawn from the southerly pier
head of the narrow-gauge mole to a
stakeboat anchored 100 yards to the
south; thence to and around Blossom Rock
buoy: thence to and around the can buoy
of the Union Iron Works; thence to the
finish across an imaginary line drawn
from the southerly pierhead to a stake
boat anchored 100 y;irds due west. The
course is officially reckoned at ten nauti
cal miles. The start will be of the one
gun kind, a preparatory gun being fired
at 1 i). m. Yachts of Class 1 will start
on gun-tire at 1:05 p. m., those of Class
2 at 1:15 ]>. m., and those of Classes :; and
4 at I; 30 p. m. A red flag will fly as :i
signal for Class 1. a white flag as a sig
nal tor Class 2 and a blue flag as a signal
tor Classes :; and I. At Blossom Hock
buoy, which is also one of the marks in
tlie Corinthian course, the California
yachts will yield the right of way to the
Corinthian craft.
The Oakland Canoe club will keep
"open house" to-day at its home on S- a
E. W. RUNYON, President of the Paris Com
mission.
in regard to their displays.
At his own suggestion the commission
required a bond from Secretary Gasklll
in the sum of $f>ooo as a security for the
faithful performance of his duties. The
bonds of the, three Commissioners to the
State have been executed and will be de
posited with the Governor in a few days.
The commission will meet again this
morning.
Major Bon C. Truman arrived from l,ns
Angeles early yesterday morning and was
greeted by his many old-time friends and
acquaintances. Immediately after the
business of the commission was trans
acted he went .to the yellow building to
visit W. H. Mills, with whom he was once
associated on the Yosemite Valley Com
mission.
Major Truman is by no means a
sions Basin, East Oakland. The mem
ben will provide amusement and enter
tainment for their guests throughout the
day, and for part of the night, as well.
At 11 a. m. there will be an open swim
ming race; at 11:30 a tub race and tourna
ment: at 12 noon exhibitions in "the
Snolligoster"; at 1 p. m. luncheon will be
served; at 2 p. m. there will be a canoe
race for the Holiday cup; at 4:30 p. m. a
sloop race for a pennant, and at 6 p. m.
dinner. At 8 p. m. there will be a cruise
on the creek.
WILL BATTLE FOR
THE CHAMPIONSHIP
The Sacramento ball tossers, after los
ing two straight games to Watsonville,
arrived in town yesterday and went into
practice at Recreation Park, where they
will meet the Friscos this afternoon in a
regular championship game commencing
at 2:30 o'clock. Although the Sacramen
tos look like a strong aggregation on pa
per and playing fast ball, they have been
slowly falling behind in the race— a cir
cumstance which they attribute solely to
hard luck. To-day's game will introduce
Pitcher Harvey to the local fans. He
has not yet appeared this season on the
San Francisco diamond.
The line-up for the game is as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Sacramento.
Swindells Catcher Stanley
I berg Pitcher Harvey
Sullivan First base Murphy
O'Nell Second base Stultz
Klley Third base McLaughlin
KruK Shortstop Eagan
Muller Left field Shanahan
l*yne Center field Sheehan
Hilderbrandt Ki^ht field Doyle
. ♦ . .
MANY PROGRAMMES
FOR MEMORIAL DAY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 29.
Memorial day will be fittingly celebrated
in this city. The parade will form at the
Exposition building and will consist of
police, officers of the day, all the Grand
Army posts, Veteran Reserves, Sons
of Veterans and other organizations. The
details of the parade, as set forth in
Grand Marshal Bixby's regular orders, |
were published in full in The Call last
Thursday. The line of march will be from
the Exposition Hall to Twelfth and Web
ster, to Broadway, to Fourteenth, to
Washington, to Kighth. to Broadway, to
Sixth, to Washington, to Seventh, where
cars will be taken to Mountain View Cem
etery.
The exercises will bo held at the G. A.
R. plot. The president of the day will be
JOIII4 R. Scujjhhm, and one of the fea
tures will be patriotic songs by school
children.
At the First Baptist Church in this
evening there will be suitable exercises.
The oration will be delivered by Hon.
Frank McGowan. There are thirty-four
of the nation's dead to be honored to
morrow in this city.
Mayor Snow learned from the Presidio
to-day that all flags on public buildings
and on Government quarters are placed i
at half mast on Memorial day, and this
rule will be followed on the public build- i
ings, lire houses and school houses in this
city.
A larjfe programme of sporting events
has also been arranged for to-morrow.
At the Alameda Tennis Club In Alameda
a county championship will be decided.
The Oakland Golf Club has arranged for
a foursome match for gentlemen only,
the contestants being Orestes Tierce, R.
M. Fitzgerald. W. P. Johnson. C. O ; G.
Miller, ft M. A. Miller, J. li. Ames, G. S.
Wheaton and H. H. Smith.
Memorial Day Services
BERKELEY, May 29.— Tin; veterans of
Lookout Mountain Post No. 88 and the
Woman's Relief Corps will hold Memorial
day services to-morrow evening. Both
organizations will assemble in Odd Fel
lows' Hall at 7:45 o'clock. A programme
has been arranged as follows: Invoca
tion; music; reading, "Suggestions on
Memorial Day. General Miles and General
Miller." by Colonel E. I. Bancroft; music;
recitation, Mrs. ML C. llamlin: Lincoln's
Gettysburg addresfc, S. D. Waterman; ad
dress, Rev. A. S. Parsons; music, "Amer
ica." "
Will Picnic at Los Gatos.
The employes of the local freight office
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany will hold their annual excursion and
OUting at Los <;atos to-day. The picnick
ers will leave ttie depot at Third and
Tbwnsend streets on two trains, one leav
ing at 5:45 a. m. and the other at !>:lj
a. m.
I stranger to exposition work. Aside from
| his experience in the horticultural depart
ment of the World's Fair at Chicago he
managed independent displays at London
and Paris for the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe railways. He lived in Paris for
six months, and during that time ac
quired considerable knowledge of the
French language. Ho is convinced that
the sum of $120,000 appropriated by the
State will enable the Commissioners to
make a display highly creditable to Cali
fornia. He perceives, however, that the
cost <>f transportation is bound to cut
quite a figure in all the calculations for
tlii' exhibition' of State products. He fan
ties that quality should he of the first
consideration, and that the utmost caro
should be taken to present the exhibits
in un artistic manner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Out of respect for our
nation's dead heroes
these stores will remain
closed to-day
(Decoration Day).
CHILHOOD'S
TRIBUTE TO THE
NATION'S DEAD
Memorial Day in the
Schools.
SOME INTERESTINGEXERCISES
VABIED PROGRAMMES TO CELE
BRATE THE DAY.
Recitations, Songs and Essays to
Commemorate the Heroes and
the Deeds That Gave
Them Fame.
The schools are celebrating Memorial
day in their own way. There have been
patriotic exercises and there have been
mourning ceremonies, but in general the
teachers have tried to make the occasion
; one of instruction. There is so much about
I the day that appeals to the youngster
j outside of the ceremonies of strewing- j
' Dowers and visiting the graves that it
furnishes a fruitful subject for the teach
| er's art and full advantage is taken of it.
In every school there was some mention
of the theory that put the holiday upon
the calendar, and in many of the schools
I exercises were held, the programmes in-
Hu.ling everything from the national an
tliom, "The Star Spangled Banixer," to the
mournful lines of "The Blue and the
Gray." In some schools the flag was un
furled and its praises were sung; in
others, flowers were brought and the spirit
of the dead held sway; in all some one
said something of the heroes who had
made a mark upon the year and whose
deeds had made possible the unity of the
States.
In the Harrison School the following
programme was well rendered:
"Flag Salute," school; song. "Star
Spangled Banner."' school; recitation, "O.
Flag of a Resolute Nation!" sixth grade:
recitation, "Memorial Day," faur boys,
fifth grade: recitation, "Sleep, Soldier.
Sleep. " Sadie Jacobson; song, "Tenting
To-night." school; "The Na
tion's Dead," Louis Castine; recitation,
"Memorial Day." eleven boys, fourth
grade; recitation, "You Put No Flowers
on My Papa's Grave," FJazel Duncan;
song, "Scatter Flowers," school; recita
tion. "The Offering," six girls, fourth
grade: recitation. "Driving Home the
Cows," i- 1 ' I'"'-1 '"'-- '•"'landers: song, "irarap,
Tramp, Tramp." school; recitation, "Me
morial." rive boys, fifth grade; recitation,
"Flower Thoughts," six girls, third grade;
recitation. "Independence Hell," Harry
Blum; recitation, "i ne Army Coat and
Button." Gertie Remlinger; song. "Old
Glory." school; dumbbell and calisthenic
exercise. . boys, sixin and fifth grades;
song. "The Little Waiters." girls, second
grade: dance. "Yankee Doodle," Lottie
Bocarde; song. "The Lullaby." first grade
fir-Is: music, banjo solo. Ruth Boekius:
apanese parasol song, twelve girls, third
grade; recitation. 'The Boys," May
mith: "June Roses." twelve girls, sixth
grade; recitation and dance. "The Min
uet," Lottie Bocarde ami Harry Mangels:
song, "Flowers. Flowers." school; music,
gramophone; Delsarte exercises, twenty
four girls of school; dance. Highland fling
and sailor's hornpipe, Harry Mangels;
closing song. "Vesper Hymn," school.
At the Le Conte School the day was not
forgotten. An excellent programme had
been prepared, and before an audience
that filled the schoolrooms it was gone
through with all the enthusiasm and pat
riotism the children's minds could bring
to it.
"The Star-spangled Banner," "Old
Glory," "Mount Vernon Bells." "Lincoln
Song." "Our Flag Forever," "Tenting on
the Old Camp Ground," "Dewey Song"
and "America" were sung by the pupils
with much spirit. Each class was rep
resented by some more or less spectacular
piece, and all were of both patriotic and
memorial interest.
The leading ones were "Children's Of
ferings," by Miss Chase's class; "T'nion
of the Red. White and Blue," by Mrs.
Newhall'a class; "Historical Memorial
Day," by Miss Wolf's and Miss Cassi
dy"s classes; "Memory Day Flowers." by
Miss Van Den Bergh's class: "Bring
Flowers for Our Soldiers' Graves," by
Miss Webster's class; "Soldiers' Day."
by Miss Featherly's class, arrd a patriotic
exercise by Miss Stebblns' class. The pat
rons and friends of-the school were much
pleased with the efforts of the pupils.
No Money to Feed Jurors.
Judges Cook and Dunne adjourned court
yesterday until Wednesday on account of
a lack of money to £eed jurors, who may
happen to be deliberating on a verdict
when the meal hours arrive. Judge Law
lor, however, went on with his work.
Judge Lawlor said that he did not be
lieve in courts taking arbitrary positions,
and said that he would accommodate the
business of his court to the present con
dition "Criminals have the same right
to be tried that jurors have to eat." said
Judge Lawlor, "and I will see that all
are accommodated. Jurors will be dis
missed in time that they may ea; in their
homes and the work will continue with
but little delay." _
Dr. Sarsfleld's rheumatic remedy has
been used with success by hundreds of
families on this coast for nearly thirteen
years. All druggists. 0 •
Sues the Directors.
Suit was filed yesterday by Henry Brun
ner against the Mayfleld Fruit, Wine and
Land Company, R. Dannmeyer,' Butler
Burris, Theodore Fox, H, G. Sieberst and
William Siebers.t. The action is to re
strain the defendants, who claim to be
the directors of the defendant corpora
tion, but whom, plaintiff declares, are not
even bona tide stockholders, from further
incumbering the corporation with debt,
and to compel a transfer to the corpora
tion's books of S'JO shares of stock now
held by the plaintiff. In conclusion plain
tiff asks that the defendants named be
adjudged guilty of malfeasance in office,
ousted and successors b* appointed.
Democrats in the Fortieth.
The Fortieth Assembly District Demo
cratic Club held a meeting last night at
Kelley's Hall, corner of Boyce street and
Point Lobos avenue, for the purpose of
enrollment. Charles J. Heggerty, presi
dent of the club, presided at the meeting:
Mat Brady was secretary. Thirty new
members signed the roll. A stirring- ad
dress was delivered by Judge Robert Fer
ral. in which he made a stirring appeal to
the Democrats to organize. Dr. C. A.
Cross also addressed the meeting on these
lines.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE STARim .
THAT 1 LEADS . . .
Excels in Every Par-
ticular.
I It /ways Leads,
H 1. BlGiz Brewing Co.,
jffil Milwaukee, Wis., U.S. A.
|n|ftim*. LOUIS CAHEN
y^f/* a! '|P^@l ' Dealers,
t^^^^KMl 416 to 418
fe^j^ME^BjSl Sacramento
■ — St " cct ' >
The Turkish
Rug Company,
• Which has gained during the last 12
• years the confidence of the people. of
California, has decided to change th«
firm into a stock company, through
the advice of their friends, who are
. . anxious to take interest in same.
BEFORE DOING THIS THE EN-
TIRE STOCK OF THE FIRM WILL
- BE TURNED INTO CASH BY
Peremptory Auction.
This sa'e will commence N
Thursday, June 1,
In the
Art Rooms, 125 Geary St.,
Next to City of Paris, at 10:30 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused >
by strong; drink.
»V 5 ttI'ARAXIEE FOl It BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written niar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy tho
appetite lor intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT?
STRfINR IIRINIf ca « 8 lM > y> Poverty
» «i n iff 5- ii. *S nd »*»«!»• Upon receipt
tt Blo.oo jrs will mail you four [4] boxes and post
\S? wrt " e «Biiarante« l ° CUre ° refund
U?b2?£? DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol* Aftfl*
n« Kearny gt.. 6«n Francisco.
Painless Dentistry.
*<rjsJ i J'J|jJ% SEE OUR NEW
|M|rlesh Colored
ESf 4 VM Cannot be detected fror<
&JJKV V the natural teeth and runi!
t»^9 .W_ thln and stronger thaa ■
rubber.
Cro«rn«. $3.50. Plates. $5.- Filling 5u
= ALL, WORK WARRANTED
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
44 Sixth st,, Cor. Stevenson, ;