VOLIME LXXXV-NO. 36.
POMP AND CEREMONY ATTEND THE
INAUGURATION OF THE NEW GOVERNOR
SEEKING HIGH HONORS
THROUGH STRONG STOMACHS
OF WEAK LEGISLATORS
Burns Follows the Advice of John Gaffey and
French Restaurants Profit Thereby.
Duck Dinners Dealt Out With a Lavish Hand While Liquid Refreshments
Flow in Argumentative Quantity as the Touts for the Mexican Fill
the Bucolic Lawmakers With the Glories of Their Boss.
Money Seems to Be Plenty Among Candidates.
• ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— lt has remained for
John T. Gaffey to put Colonel Burns in
the way of making an up-to-date Sen
atorial canvass. Gaffey pays: "When
making a Senatorial fight ply your
guests with liquor." Burns' latest In
structions to his lieutenants are:
"When making my fight for Senator
take your guest? to the French restau
- and give them a dinner a la
carte."
Vacillating legislators are the guests |
of honor at many a festive board and
Colonel Burns and Uncle Collis pay the
bills. It is comparatively inexpensive,
It is new and it has what novelty there
is in attempting to reach a man through |
h!S stomach Instead— trf" through his
pocket. The pocket treatment will come |
later. The little dinner parties are
made up in the proportion of one timid
legislator to three, political touts. It
is a good thing for the touts and a |
saving in expenses to the legislator. A I
tout turned entertainer is a man to be .
ht after. The money in his pocket
Is not his own and his anxiety to show
a proper unfamiliarity with the menus
of Barbary Coast coffee joints makes
rder everything on the bill of fare,
being certain tha by doing so he will
iTi i t any particular portion of food
that is familiar to the table etiquette
of his guesi
The heavy frost that struck the Burns
boom immediately after the colonel
the general public into his < .infi
dence concerning his Senatorial inten
tions is still in evidence. Duck dinners
dealt out with a lavish hand to legisla
f all degrees have had no effect
in raising the temperature around the
Burns headquarters in the Goklen
Kag:- The restaurant keepers
are ex; trieocing a boom, but Senatorial
mihtr scarcer every day.
The arrival of Moses Gunst .n the
Ecen> the Burns crowd for a
moment and n. i other shock is exp< I .
until the announwm"nt is made that
' M' we ha* went."
Just when this interesting event is
expected to occur is not known even to
Governor Gag.-, and if he knew he
would not tell.
If it la true, as Governor Gage said
to-day, that "s-lf-int- rest is often raor
ally blind." then it may be that Mr.
Gunsts championship of the Senatorial
candida< y i•: his gambling: partner,
Burns, is a sort of moral blindness due
to his .i-s::- -o retain the office c-f Po-
Commissioner in San Francis...
<iai:-- was inaugurated in tim<- to-day
to fulfill his promise to Kurns to keep !
CiUiist in office, bo it is to be expected
that (lunst will continue in Sacramento
the '.v..rk he began In San Francisco,
when he s ught to use the patronage
■ •• '< Commissioner to i
prpmi i ial candidacy of
Colonel Burns. Ounst's presence at
F'rrrif- of the Senatorial dinner functions
■ : forward to as being among •
the star events of the near future.
Major McLaughlln, chairman of the
Repu State Central Committee, is
using: his Influence In the Interest "f
andidacy, and In doing bo Is
providing food for pertinent g
ainimg those members of the Legisla
ture who hail from districts outside of
San Francisco. Not beins? familiar with
metr< politan m»-th"d* of "doing" poli
tics thesi legislator! are recalling the
h mad< by Major Mclaughlin at
the ii'tial session of the State Central
< omttittee just before the opening of
th<* recent campaign. <m thai occasion
the major made himself popular by de
ing against the political manipula
tions of the Southern Pacific Company
8:;U apgerting that he would fight the
corporation to the hitt>-r end. Because
- ■'. [he?*' declarations, which were ap
plauded hy The entire Republican j.r-.s.j
<ri the State. Major M< I^ughlin be
came involved In a heated controversy
\vith Hosa Jim Rea of San Jnge. Th^«.'
things are still fresh In the minds of
country members and they are wonder
ing why Mclaughlin and Ttea hive
joined hands in supporting Dan Burns
for Senator in face of the fart that \V.
F. Herrin has declared Burns to be the
The San Francisco Call.
Southern Pacific's candidate. It is a
knotty problem and one that is beyond
solution as far as the average legis
lator is concerned.
Burns says: "I am a candidate. '
Herrin gays: 'Burns is our candi
date."
Mi.Laughlin says: "Burns is my can
didate."
Now the legislators are anxiously
awaiting the arrival of at least one
San Francisco merchant, business man
or citizen of standing who is willing
to make a similar declaration. A care
ful canvass of the men who are in Sac
ramento in the interest of the Burns
boom makes it reasonably certain that
the business Interests of ether com
munities are not suffering: because of
the absence from home of merchants,
bankers and tbe solid men «( these
communities.
While it is known that Burns has
lost strength since he announced his
candidacy, it is also apparent that the
opposite state of affairs is the case
with at least three of the other Sena
torial candidates. Bulla. Barnes and
Grant have all experienced an accession
of strength. George A. Knight is not
making an aggressive fight for Sena
torial honors, though he will make a
fair showing when the first ballot is
counted next Tuesday. The Grant
boomers are, as usual, claiming every
thing in sight, and if their professions
are to be believed they have the ficht
already won. ThHr activity in rootine
for more votes is sufficient evidence of
the unreliability of their claims. Amone
those who are h» j re h>~'lp!nK to spend
Grant's money is a man who was a
member of the last Assembly. At that
time he lived in a lodging house and
took his meals at cheap restaurants in
of the fact that he was drawine
$> a day from the State and his wife
was in receipt of a like amount for her
ser\ Ices as a committee clerk. This
same man is to-day living in an ex
pensive suite of rooms at the Golden
Kagle Hotel and is making a great
show of prosperity. Comment is un
:.>•■ • ~sary.
So far as outward appearances go,
< Irant seems to be the good thine of
the ?essi<m and there is no apparent
scarcity of men who are ready and
willing to spenl his money for him.
The Grant men are boasting that
they have gained three votes to-day,
and that all of them aTe men who were
believed to be favorable to Colonel
Burns. It was ascertained late to-night
that one of the legislators who has
gone over to the Grant camp is Senator
E. I. Wolfe "f San Francisco. Wolfe
has corroborated this information.
Burns has all along claimed the entire
GOVERNORS BUDD AND GAGE EN ROUTE TO THE CAPITOL
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
San Francisco delegation. The loss of
Wolfe's vote will no doubt pro\e a sad
blow to the Burns nroters.
BURNS SURROUNDED
BY AN ODOROUS GANG
A Motley Crew of Tenderloin
Politicians Working for the
Man of Unsavory Record.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKXTO, Jan. 4.— The men who are out to
elect Dan Burns Senator, no matter what
the moral penalty or financial cost, are
here in .'I their m !<jut and najseatiug
variety. They adorn every chair and pil
lar of the Golden Eagle office and adja
cent bar rooms, and every train is bring
ing others.
If it may be judged from the motley,
od< roue nang that has foregathered here
during this past week tl>- dives and dead
falls of San Francisco, where cheap poli
ticians wax lean through the months on
occasional political pickings, ar.' deserted
by their habitues. The metropolis has
debouched the greater part of it? un
healthiest element, pass and good Herrin
dollar laden, on hitherbound trains, and
toe result is a fair example of what the
result would be should the daily dimin
ishing chances of El Alcalde be success
ful.
It is not fair to say. though, that all
of the Burns adherents here are of the
lower ord» r. There are those here who
;ir> in the fight purely as a matter of con
science tor '.)>..■ liquidation of past politi
cal debts, though just what political debt
is due Mr. Hums from James Alva, Watt
remains yet to transpire. It may be that
the obligation is purely anticipatory, but
the, fact remains that James Alva is here
and in the fight to the tinisii. Mr. Watt
is on>- of Mr. Burns' workers. It was
Mr. Watt who wits accused of having re
ceived $4000 from Moses Sherman, the
arch manipulator who wrecked the Peo
ple's Hank, to be used in influencing
Judge H«-bbard in appointing a receiver
for the bank who would be satisfactory to
the crooked plans of the cliqu- that had
handed together to rob it. That story.
however, has been since ups^t by Mr.
Watt's simple denial.
Coworklng with him are Mr. Kelly—
Martin Kelly— and Major McLaughlin.
The greasy Kelly figure is one too famil
iar in politics and the Burns ranks to de
mand explanation in the present instance,
but in view of the fact that only two
weeks ago Major MeLaughlin is said to
have remarked in a Santa Cruz bar room
that the candidacy of Dan Burns for the
United States Senate was enough to make
a decent Republican throw up his hands
and anything else he might have about
his person leads to the logical conclu
sion that the chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee has thrown up his self
respect along with his hands and things
and gone over to the source of the emetic.
Ami then there is Leon Dennery.
"Mo" *>unst. Mexican Dan's gambling
partner and Police Commissioner, sup
porter of free roll faro banks
and crap games, consort of race
track touts and owner of innumerable
slot machines, Is another of the cleaner
element here and he Is not slow in the
expenditure of ample slices of the profits,
that are accruing' out of the prominent
industries ho has fostered.
Julius Waller is here, too. Julius has
not cut any great slice in the political
bedquilt up to date. }<*V. a nice .little
-gentleman, with a six-by-six head anil a
two-by-two intellect, and his unhallowed
prominence comes out of the, fact that
he owns Sam "Waller, as brother. Mr. Wal
ler is also decidedly for Burns.
Mr. Herrin and ,his railroad are demon
strating the. fact that they are out of pol
itics by sending into the thick of the fight
Harvey Lindley of Los Angeles, whose
profession is politics; R. B. Carpenter,
who, though most too old to work, has a
good punch. in him still, and proposes to
use it for Burns; Jake Shaen, Jake Step
pacher and Walter F. Parker.
xierrin has sent Parker up for the ex
press purpose of giving the double cross
to • Robert Bulla : and his Senatorial as
pirations. He has permuted himself to
be advertised as one railroad official who
has seen the fight and become a friend
of the Southron, but it is come to be a
well-known fact that he has simply in
gratiated himself for th.> purpose of
learning the Bulla strength and where it
lies, that he may wield the," ax with
greater effect when the word from his
master comes.
These are only a few of them.. There
is a horde of otners. but like some good
stories, they are not tit for publication
But enough are mentioned to give a. fair
idea of the Burns. adherents; and- an un
savory. odorous. layout .it is. Rake the
list with a fine, tooth comb and the only
thing that will come out of it is a prac
tical politician who is in the fight ' for
politics and its perquisites, and for noth
ing else. It is a list picked out with no
discrimination. They are < Burns' sup
porters, and as such they are the people
to whom he will owe the obligations of
his election, if elected he should be, and
it has never yet been said of .Burns that
he shirked a political debt. - In -the whole
unsavory lot there is not, to -be found \,a
solid citizen of any community.
Business men are conspicuous by their
absence. The clean politician isn't men
tioned. Not a srtvoo! nnr university In"
the commonwealth. is represented. It, Is
the tout and the -grafter, 'whose life and
living are in politics and' what can be
made in it in the devious ways known
only to the professional, who are fighting
with their last gasp for Burns' electio,.
What the promised reward is. of course,
purely a matter of conjecture.
Paris Kilburn. ex-Surveyor of the port
of San Francisco, ex-Bank Commissioner
and one full of the sentiment that-"grati
tude is a sense of favors to come," ar
rived from San Francisco to-night to help
Dan Burns.
CALIFORNIA PLACES THE HELM
OF THE SHIP OF STATE IN THE
HANDS OF A NEW STEERSMAN
Amid Popular Acclaim and Booming Cannon
Governor Gage Is Inducted Into Office.
The New Executive Outlines His Views on Affairs of Moment Concerning the
Commonwealth, and Suggests Legislation That May Tend to Remedy
Many Evils Which He Has Discovered Are Detrimental
to the Welfare of the State.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— Henry T. Gage is
now the Governor of California— not
the Governor of Republicans alone, but
the Governor of all the people. He was
inaugurated with the pomp and cere
mony that is a necessary adjunct of
such an occasion. It is creditable t" th»-
management of the inaugural commit
tee of the Senate and Assembly that
everything passed off with celerity. The
military was out in sufficient force to
indicate that soldiers can be had in
time of peace as well as in war. The
field and staff officers of the National
Guard in their glittering uniforms gave
color to the procession and the State
officers lent dignity to the occasion.
The weather was propitious and the in
c>rning Governor was got. J-natuved
and genial.
About 11 o'clock this morning Gov
ernor Gage drove to the capital and
j paid the customary visit of courtesy
!to the outgoing Governor. James H.
; Budd. The new and the old exchanged
! friendly greetings in the rooms of the
Executive Department. Then the new
Governor came back to the ( Jolden
Eagle Hotel and placed himself under
the guidance of the inaugural man
ager?. Presently he was surrounded
by generals and culonela and can
didates for office.
Senator Dickinson in the full uniform
of a major general looked distinguished
and impressive. Brigadier General 11.
1,. Peeler was hardly less conspicuous
than General Dickinson. Brigadier
General R. H. "Warfield was the center
of admiration in one section of the ho
tel. For military dignity blended with
the charm of personal beauty Colonel
\Y. D. Sanborn was easily enough en
titled to the inaugural cake. Special
and exclusive privilege of escorting the
ladies— Mrs. Governor Gage and Mrs.
Governor Budd and their respective
companions— was accorded to Colonel
Fred Burgin and Colonel Jefferson Doo
little. If Colonels Giestlng, Vail, How
-1 ell, Beck, Young. Andrews. Miles, Jan
sen and other military chieftains felt
envious of the proud distinction con
ferred on Colonels Burgin and Doo
little they managed to conceal their
emotions of envy and perform the duty
assigned in a highly commendable
manner. The absence of Colonel Chad
bourne was the only gloomy incident of
the inaugural occasion.
Seated in comfortable and clean car
riages the officers felt perfectly at borne
and maintained excellent alignment on
the route to the Capitol. The carriage
in which (Governors Gase and Budd and
Supreme Justice Henshaw were seated
, was drawn by six spirited white horses.
i The Lieutenant Governor, Jacob H.
Neff, the outgoing Lieutenant Gover
nor. William T. Jeter, and Howard
Wright, Speaker of the Assembly, oc
cupied another carriage.
Before the procession of State and
military dignities was organized the
ladies who graced the occasion were es
corted to the Capitol by the officers as
signed to that agreeable duty. The
ladies escorted by Colonel Burgin were
Mrs. Henry T. Gage, Miss Rowena
Burns, Mrs. W. H. Davis, Miss Maggie
Eastman and Lucile Gage, daughter of
Gnvt-rnor and Mrs. Gage. Jefferson
Doolittle was the escort officer for Mrs.
James H. Budd and Mrs. Budd, the
mother of Governor Budd.
Governor Budd. in returning Gover
nor Gage's official and friendly call,
svas accompanied by ex-Adjutant Gen
eral Barrett, Adjutant General Peeler
and the entire staff of the outgoing
commander-in-chief. In due form, they
were presented to Governor and Mrs.
Gage by Colonel Fred Burgin. The
presentation ceremony took place in
the rooms adjcining the parlors of the
Golden Eaele Hotel. A pretty incident
of the presentation was the expression
of mingled surprise and delight in the
eyes of little Lucile Gage when she
gazed at the glittering array of offi
cers.
Shortly after the ladies took their
leave General Barrett marshaled the
staff officers and State officers and di
rected the procession to move. The
short journey to the Capitol was made
Without special incident. The trans
portation facilities were ample and no
one entitled by courtesy to ride was
permitted to walk. Ths trip was made
along X and Tenth streets to L and
along L to the north entrance to the
Capitol grounds and thence along the
paved way to the west and main en
trance, where the principals and escorts
alighted a..d formed in line to move to
the Assembly chamber. Meanwhile
large throngs of the resident popula
tion wended their way to the CapitoL
The galleries of the Assembly chamber
were quickly tilled. The corridors were
packed by late comers, who could not
gain admission and it was with diffi
culty that the places reserved for Sena
tors and State officers could be pro
tected from tht? rush of people to gain
seats.
In due form the Joint convention was
organized. Lieutenant Governor Jeter
directed Frank Brandon, secretary of
the Senate, to call the roll of Assembly
men. The presence of a quorum of each
house was announced. The Sergeant
at-Arms heralded the committee of the
Senate and Assembly. The audience
was apprised that the big- lights were
not far behind. Presently Senator Cut
ter, chairman of the inaugural commit
tee, spoke out loud, saying: "The.
Governor and the Governor-elect of the
State of California."
Lieutenant Governor Jeter respond
ed: "They are invited to the Speak
er's desk."
Accordingly, Governors Gage and
Kudd and Justice Henshaw ascended
the steps to the desk. When quiet was
restored Rev. Mr. Sturlevant, chaplain
of the Senate offered a prayer as fol
lows:
Almighty God. we acknowledge thy
hand in all the affairs of human govern
ment, and we ask that thy especial bless
ing may be present on this auspicious oc
casion. We pray thee that thy blessing
may be upon thy servants, their Excel
lencies the Governor and Lieutenant 9b v
ernnr of this State. We pray thee that
thou wouldst bless them abundantly in
their own personal affairs ami we ask
that thou wouMst give an abundant bless
ing to our State during their term of
office. O Lord, may thy blessing rest
upon those who retire from office. Wilt
thou grant them thine own presence and
blessing? We pray thee that thou wonldst
be with us iMs day and guide us in all
the aflairs of life. For Christ's Bake,
amen.
By this time the Assembly chamber
was packed to its utmost capacity. It
was all a scene of brilliant coloring.
From the chandeliers on each side of
the desk of the Speaker trailed long
strings of smilax and fern, picked nut
with carnations ;md rarest of orchids.
On the desk more orchids and blos
soms and potted plants lent their i
while on the clerk's desk in front palms
and violets, tropical ferns and carna
tions of every hue completed the effect.
In harmony with the rest were the
gowns of Mrs. Gage and little Lucile,
and for that matter the beauty of the
rather notable party that accompanied
them in the chairs placed for them just
before the rostrum and the brave blue
and gold and the military trappings of
the staff officers who sat near them
played their part in one of the hand
somest of the many decorations that
have in years past made the Assembly
chamber beautiful.
On the announcement by Speaker
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
Wright that Supreme Justice Henshaw
would administer the nath of office to
| the Governor-elect, Henry T. Gage, the
! joint convention anti the spectators
j arose. Justice Henshaw administered
the following oath, which was repeated
I by the Governor:
"I. Henry T. Gage, do solemnly swear
: that I will support the constitution of
the United States and the constitution
of the State of California, and that I
will faithfully perform the duties of
the office of the Governor of the State
of California according to the best of
my ability. So help me God."
Mr. Gage repeated the words in a firm
and distinct voice, placing a little em
phasis on the last sentence.
Immediately after the oath was ad
ministered the vast audience cheered,
the band played inspiring music and.
cannon on th<- Capitol grounds boomed
jT"stg"n'aTTh"*rt fne'new Governor was in.
When the enthusiasm subsided Gov
ernor Budd arose and introduced his
successor in this style: "Since my in
auguration, some four years ago, one
j of the pleasantest moments of my life
is that in which I present to you my
; successor, the Hon. Henry T. Gage,
i now Governor of California (Applause),
i and I predict for him a prosperous and
I an able administration. Governor Gage,
| T introduce you to the people. (Pro
i longed applause.t
Responding to the introduction. Gov
; ernor Gage read from type-written
j sheets the following inaugural ad
dress:
THE INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Gentlemen of the Senate and Assembly
of the State of California and fellow citi
zens:
To faithfully fulfill the solemn duties
imposed upon me by the official oath Just
administered is my unalterable purpose.
Individuals arc. at best, but weak in
struments to guide- the destiny of a State.
Conscious of this truth, and" being fully
aware of the grave responsibilities inci
dent to this sacred trust of office now
Imposed upon me, in order that I may
be rightly guided in my public duties. I
humbly repose my faith in that Omnis
cient Power which alike directs the
course of nations as individuals.
Our country has just emerged from a
foreign war. Springing from the highest
m « o
Effect of the
War
With Spain.
4 >
O-J i<t
victorious end. While we deeply mourn
our heroes who died in that great eaus-i
we know that their deaths were not in
vain. History will he tender to their
memory; our flag will more proudly wava
above th>- soil that shelters them; "Ur
country will enshrine their marvelous
deeds.
As a result of that contest Spain, crip
pled and bankrupt, pays it? debt to Amer
ica by the cession or territory. The peace
ful acquisition of the Hawaiian Islands,
extending our empire beyond our Pacific
shore, should be followed as a political
necessity by the annexation of the Phil
ippines, 'lhe center of commerce must
move westward. California, favorably sit
uated, will among other advantages r .tp
the harvest of trade with these new ter
ritories, developing our many varied anil
growing resources, creating ;■.• western
merchant marine for the carriage of our
imports and exports and luring to our
market the nations of the world.
The Ni'-arapuan canal, soon to be
opened under the fostering care of Amer
ica, will give us a short; eastern outlet
and the great feat of our ocean fortress, .
the Oregon, will never again be a neces
sity.
I'nder these promising prospects the
Philippines must he retained. No short
sighted policy should yield the -land crim
soned with American Mood.
The construction of the trans-Siberian
Railway will tiring the wealth of Russia
to OUT shores. Australia. Japa:i. China,
Asia and Africa will l>e bound to us by
the golden cords of commerce. Within
sight of such a future, we. ourselves,
must assist in the development of this
State. We must be neither niggardly nor
extravagant. Parsimony in governmen
tal affairs is a." dangerous as extrava
gance.
The year 1900 will usher in a great com
mercial theater— the Paris exposition. It
CM ■ — ; <*>#
The Paris
j Exposition in
1900.
CM -X*
ter is to receive legislative consideration
at all, since our Legislature meets only
every two years, tht- propriety and ex
pediency of an appropriation fur this pur
pose should be disposed of at this legis
lative session, for it would be toa burden
some upon the people to call hereafter
an extra session to deliberate upon this
subject.
The question of such an appropriation
is respectfully submitted to your consid
eration, to take such action in the prem
ises as you deem advisable. If any ap
propriation should. In your judgment. b»
allowed ft ought not to be so large or un
reasonable as to become onerous to th«
taxpayers: nor. in legislating upon this
subject, should you provide for numerous
high salaried officers, .with a long retinu*
and noblest mo
tives the war,
through the gal
lantry of Ameri
can soldiers and
sailors, and the
grand policy of
the national ad
ministration, hag
been waged to a
has been sug
thai s"m*
appropriation fot
this great event
should be granted,
in order that Cali
fornia may ba
properly represent
ed In the exposi
tion. If this mat-2
Of salaried attendants, who:-, traveling
and other expenses would squander tht>
]">ublic money.
If you should determine in favor of an
appropriation foi the payment ol the ex
penses of a commission to represent <':ili
!''Tni.i at the exposition 11 will certainly
be necessary to . econon y :ii
other directions, so as tho
Stato's expenses elsewhere in an amoui I
equal to the sum so appropriated, If any,
because the general rate of taxation
must not be raised h Qsequence ol such
an expenditure.
C mplaints have not been Infrequent re
specting thi cost of administering the
public busint -^s of
I '.> sta 1 • . ami com
parison is some
times mudp with
our own as to the
cost of conducting
mmi nts ol
States. While
complaints
The Cost of
State
Government.
- are noi altogeth< r
unfounded, yet the comparison Itself is
-nfair. This State, territorially speaking,
is of vast proportions, being in width 3(V'
miles, in length over and skirt
ing almost the entire western boui
■ t •!> i ■ • - . Having s.i exten
div< rse a climate, and so
great a variety of agricultural, horticul
tural and mineraJ resources, we should
xpect to find tin expense
I his State i ■ greater thar tn
• extent and
fewer resources.
Th<> great extent "f our State, its won
derful , the number of official
<!• partmenta and
portant pro
visions in our con
stitution and laws
have !.
forded opportunity
for was t c and
prodigality in the
conduci
t, to which
Waste and
Over
Legislation.
<J4> ■- • <:•
my distinguished pi ra in office
■;t vuimy called attention.
In my opinion, am thli gs, we
suffer much fi . The
best laws an- not usually the most ■■"in
plex. The aim and art of gover iment is
to attain simplicity. The Best go'
Suite has the fewest i;<\\s. and tfye ">n;s
dom of legislators may Bometlmes be
shown to take adva ■ the public
■ n nn ii gislat lon. If
fiur constitution were amended so that
our legislative sessions should be held
four Instead of two years the peo
ple would derivi more
B table nomic government would
follow.
rcely have our court?, after expen
sive legislation, construed and interpreted
sion, when thf same laws are amended or
changed by a subsequent Legislature.
Were i ur law-makers to spend more tim<
in repealing than in enacting surplus Btat
utes the . would be better
erved. Already we have too many
Btat< ■ ■! commissions, with ex
tensive lists of subordinate employes,
drawing larger pay than ci uld 1 i
by them for similar services within the
lines of privati iiould
It has som< times happened in previous
atures, and I trust no such in-
, .-. ■
cur) thai Senators
>. ssemblymen
have pledged Lhem
selv< s to se< ure ap
propriations fi r th<'
Institutions
particular d:
without a t 1
Condemns the
Bartering
of .Measures.
invef ( the Immediate ne<
such ■ s. In thi heal of It gisla
-s. agn • ment s ha v<
•with fellow legislators having other meas
ures to be passed, by which votes have
mged, and th<
priations have been obtained, the
■
In votes, and the facility with which
epprorpiati ci obtained, the
officers of tliesi public institutions have
beconv reckless and prodigal in th- ex
penditure of public money.
ither mistake on the part of It -
tors ■
■
at' Ij out Of the
general fund In
f authoriz
ing such payments
to be made, as
they should be, ai
leasi six or ten
months thereafter
out "i future rev-
Appropriations
Payable
Imrrediateiy. '
D■ • D
enue F mistaken policy ■ ':• -
s the treasury by adding to the ■
ing demands the amounts of such new a]
i his is a grave financial
t;. By this Improper practice th<
mon.ey In the general fund, which might
only t'> be expended for the paymc
justly accrued demands, is diverted from
its purpose, so that a transfer of money
from special funds is required to make
up the deficit, it being necessary after
ward to reimburse bu< h Bpecial funds
from the tax receipts of the next fiscal
year.
This system is not only unwise l.ur not
warranted by *- a tal policy.
Each fund should remain Intact, to he
ted to th>- special purposes author
ized by law. The Stat< 3 well
department of it should live within its
h<-u:.i] means.
The State Printing < "fire, having been
by my predec< - - tain appro-
fruitions, has been
closed, and the ad
ditional expense
consequent upon
reopeninp it will be
shifted from the
outgoing to the
present adminis
tration. While this
m • d
Closing of the
State
Printing Office.]
s*l.*. '"' ,-t_r\
an esw ntlal de
partment of the government, through
I has
been a Bource of much waste.
In thus expressing my views I do not
here Intend to reflect upon the ability ami
Integrity of the distinguished Incumbent.
Tin- fault .!;'! will n
legislative remedy. Chief among
• is the unlim
ited power all •• various public
Stat- of or. lt- ring: at will the
DONATI LibTtrSb to -r HE
pROCEEDINQb WITH LITTLE CONFIDENCE
IN A^t>E.nßLY CHAIRS
GOVERNOR GAGE DELIVERS HIS INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
flcial reports. Another source of great
expense which maty be corrected by prop
er legislation is the printing of school
books. Jt should be '%'■ aim of our gov
ernment to assist free education by sup
plying, If possible, free sen I books to
the children of the public schools. Until
Mich objeel can be economically attained
the printing of school books under the
present Bystem of selling them at cost
d be made self-sustaining, In
:iik new appropriations
therefor to be made at even' session of
the i.i gislature. Thl ■■ I iry of
• law and seems not to have
been accomplished.
li has sometimes happened that certain
public officers, desirous of Increasing the
i of the
particular public
institutions under
their charge, have
1 their de
sires by erecting
ssary pala
tial structures and
Indulged in
pa n\ ing extrav a-
03, • •:•
X V
Excessive Cost
of
Publicßuildings[
D•— ' O
gances. This misuse of the public money
: j>.i- ( be I ■■'< only reason
able buildings, additions and repairs .<!
The money of the State should
he limited to th< Btai isities; and
splendor is never a State :.■
i _ tioi ■ ■ ould be directed to the
end that all mom ve6 by all pub
lic officers, boards and commi
should be depoE •■ I Stat< treasury,
I . in some Insta derstand, is
not now the case.
All claims and demands slv.'ild he
audited by the State Board of Examiners
and drawn out on warrants of the Con
r, as is usual in other public ac
counts. Such ;i method would be a
wanton expenditures and a vast
beni fli to This matter has bei n
in the last r< port of th<
troller, and Is worthy of your considera
tion.
With each nw administration thi
a revival ol stale claims which former
Governors have ve
toed or
Legists •
proved. Strenuous
efforts hav<
made to lobby
through each new
the.
bills which have
failed to p.-!
q. • Q
Stale Claims
and
Their Payment. \
;. . . b
preceding session of the Legislature. The
spirit of obbylng is too prevalent and
should be ch< k'-<i.
It fosters a corrupt sentiment that it
is lawful to rob the St
ople who are scrupulously con
tious in their private dealings with
one another. acl ■ this spirit, do
! not hi si tat c to demand Improper or
ssive appropriations or to attempt
to secure the approval of dishonest
claims. The interest of the State should
be the interest of every citizen. The
t of the State Is as Bacred In owner
ship as the money of the Individual.
Although the tct providing for boun
- has long since been
repealed claims aggregating (287,615 are
; likely again to !■• presi ntea at this Bes
sion of the Legislature. In the second bi
ennial message of Governor Markham,
I January 7. 1895. attention was called to the
that the State had been shamefully
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANTARY 5, 1899.
i defrauded by the payment for scalps that
had been shipped into the State from
Oregon, Nevada, Arizona and Mexico.
Governor Budd, ii; his first biennialmes-
January I, 1897, recommended that
in any appropriation mad< for the pay
ment of these coyott scalp claims,
amounting to $287,615, provision should
be made that the Board of Examiners
should take evidence as to the validity of
the claims befon allowing them. In that
• ction he said: "1 am convinced that
- have b( en perpei rated on the pi o
ple In the presentation and manipulation
of these claims In several of the counties
of the State, and while the claims from
many oi the counties of the State are un
doubtedly just, If the Board of Examiners
be given the above power, and false
swearing thereunder he mad'- perjury, 1
am confident that there will be effected a
large saving of money to the State."
In the last report of the Controller for
the fiscal years ending June 30, 1897, and
Jinn- 30, 1898, attention is again called to
claims in the following language:
"I have again included in my estimate the
amount due to creditors of the State for
bounty on coyote scalps. The greater part
of these are legitimate claims and the
is legally responsible for their pay
ment. I have no doubt there are among
them many that are fraudulent, but these
may be segregated from the honest
claims, and the latter should be
without further delay."
From th»- foregoing reports it will be
observed that these claims, amounting to
$287,615, arc as a whole tainted with the
fraud, and the honest claims, if any. are
■ i -■ ■ ■ rated from the dishonest de
mands and should be segregated before
any appropriations therefor be made.
The holders oi these claims must not BX
from me more !cnier*cv than the*
have received rrom my predecessors, 'l
trust that you will closely, scrutinize these
claims before allowing any appropriations
ever.
It is my inflexible resolve to oppose all
.-• and excessive appropriations as
well as all other improper measures with
a firm veto.
It may not be out of place here to call
ition to the exorbitant cost oi our
elections by reft r
rinr. among other
matters. to the
single item of ad
vertising constitu
tion a 1 am c n <l
merits. Although
the newspapers of
the State, as pub
lic censors, have
.:> . | o
Other
Claims Against
the State.
o■ • o
usually been valuable assistants in urg
ing economy in the administration of gov
ernment, yel Borne of them appear to
overlook this matter when presenting
their own Ciaims against the State. Self
interest is often morally blind.
Newspaper claims (some unauthorized)
aggregating over $60,000 have been pre
si nted against the State for the mere
public attention of the constitutional
amendments voted upon at the last elec
tion. When the newspaper proprietors
now urging these (bums properly reflect
upon the matter their good sense will. I
think, suggest that even newspapi r
claims against the State may be excessive
and in that sense unjust.
I have approximately estimated that the
people of this State are taxed under the
present election system at the rate of
about $2 50 for every ballot cast and
counted at each general election. It is
astounding that such expense should go
along- for years uii' hallenged. If we are
now to have a primary election law. such
primary i lections should under no cir
cumstances be made a tax upon the peo
ple, as under the present general election
system, otherwise it would largely in
crease the present extravagant tax bur
dens.
Some immediate action should be taken
to relieve the people of this State from
the enormous expense of conducting elec
tions, rather than Increasing them.
This administration is confronted by
startling claims of various counties
against the State, amounting to about
$1,500.00). for commissions alleged to be
due such counties from the State for col
i' cting State taxes.
Although these commissions were abol
ished by the act of the Legislature, ap
proved February 23, l^T'3. contracts have
been made by these counties with attor
neys to enforce the collection of such
commissions.
The spirit of tho county officials which
inspires those demands is neither patriot
ic nor businesslike. The officers of the
countiGß should remember that' these suits
if successful will "return to plague the
Inventor" in the form of Increased tax
ation. The people of the State will be.
moreover, ultimately compelled to pay
through taxation whatever amounts may
be expendi d by the several counties for
th( compensation of counsel and the pay
ment of the other expenses incident to
the litigation; and sir.cc the counties form
| a part of the State it is clear that they
will gain nothing by thr litigation, but
sustain a ioss of whatever sums nre paid
in their atti nipt to collect these commis
si> ins.
Furthermore, should these suits suc
<> ed, tlie State Treasury would be drained
of the necessary money to pay its cur
■ expenses for at least six months,
and until the receipt of money from the
State taxes of the next fiscal year. One
Of the technical points raised by the in
genuous counsel for tin counties against
the State is that the act of February 2."?,
1893, last referred to. was' not passed by
ri vote of twenty-one Senators. As
suming that the Supreme <"ourt should
decide that it could look behind the en
rolled bill (which, however, should not be
law), my personal examination of the
original roll call shows that the act In
question was passed by the requisite vote
of. namely, twenty-one Senators, but a
mistake arose in the printing by the omis
sion of the name of one Senator.
This leads me to say that laws passed
by the Legislature should be most care
fully and closely examined in both Sen
ate and Assembly before final action
thereon; otherwise serious errors may
arise, entailing expensive litig-atlon. as in
this instance, and also possibly jeopard
ising public rights.
Tho State Treasurer is obliged by law
to pay all warrants of the Controller out
Av!> -<s><-i of the funds drawn
upon and to report. !
these payments to
(he Controller at
the last of the
month.
Section 433, sub
division 18. of the
Political C o d c,
t *
List of Warrants
Furnished
State Treasurer.
o a,
•:■ : <wi
— - i - < specuyins mo au
ties of the Controller, requires him to I
furnish the State Treasurer With a list of
warrants drawn upon the treasury. The
language of the section is certainly am
biguous as to the time when this list
should be furnished to the Troasun r and
I am informed thai it has not been cus
tomary to issue such lists in advance of
the presentation of the warrants. This
is a very serious matter for the State
Treasurer, aJJQIt would not be a difficult
task for a forger to alter the face amount
of these warrants, which are frequently
assigned by the holders and pass from
hand to hand.
The subdivision referred to should be
amended bo as to require the Controller
to furnish the Treasurer with a iist of the
warrants and their amounts as Boon as
drawn, and in advance of their pot
presentation. Tins will enable th< B
Treasurer to compare the warrants pre
sented with the list furnished by the
Controller and avoid all possible criminal
frauds and impositions.
The claims of California agalnsi the
i ;• iii ral Government for furnishing, equlp-
ping and paying
volunteers during
the Civil War. ag
ting over $4,
--000.000, are still un
settled. Various
bills have been
time to time Intro
m both the
United States Sen-
Cfcg-
War Claims
of
California.
<>•> • o
ate and House of Repri sentatives, but
they have been either abandoned after in
troduction or referred to committees
without final action tak-n thereon.
On June 9, lw the United States Si
adopted a resolution In th< matter of H.
H. 4986 respecting these claims, and ap
pointed threi Senators, viz., Teller. i\i.-
•id Stewart, to confer with the House
of Representatives. A provision 1 for the
payment to this State of $3,961,915 42, in
•ft? Jbt-MKTOR. /*\ORE-HOUSE
VTANTb The- /Saia&s OF HE *
,J^t-<1 ATOM'S Gi&O"" W bAKtR.
-i>*.lD ME- .t>K.iTs£-I>
full Bettlemeni of California's claims. h;is
been included in the Senate amendment.
California cheerfully furnished to the
Federal Government soldiers in defense
of the Union, and while the nation had
the right to this support it had no righi
to the money, amounting t" over $4, ,000,
which the State advanced for the equip
ment of its volunteers, and this money
should be now restored to the State with
interest.
Our Senators and Representatives In
Congress should be requested to use every
lawful effort tor the passage of a bill al
lowing these war claims for at least
$3,951,915 42, the amount allowed In the i
Congressional bill, to which reference has I
Jllst Wen made.
These war claims are both just and
equitable, and the State has long and
patiently waited for this settlement.
The drought of last year again illus
trated the great necessity of the storage
of mountain wat
ers and winter .
rains for Irrigation
purposes to meet I
the contingency of
dry seasons. The
expense of such an
undertaking is so
far beyond the
means of the State
O- — — W3
Irrigation and
the
Wright Act.
hi *«
and the advantages arc so great t<> the I
Fed< ral Government for the Irrigation,
reclamation and sale of its public arid
lands within the State that the muiif" to I
be raised for such purposes properly falls
within the domain of Congri ; s.
The construction of storage reservoirs
would Induce settlers io take up loca
tions upon tin; public arid lands, enhanc
ing, through settlement and cultivation,
the value of such land and adding largely
to the population and wealth of the State
and nation.
Our Senators and Representatives in ;
Congress should bo requested to introduce
a measure to secure Federal aid in this I
direction. Our State has not been mate- •
rially benefited through the laws enacted
in respect to irrigation districts under the
Wright act. unfavorable results have
followed the so-called Wright act, burden-
Ing the land owners, imposing additional
taxes and causing perplexing litigation.
While Borne portions of the State have
been favored through it other parts have
been injured. Bonds aggregating a large
sum of money have been Issued upon the
doubtful securities afforded by several ir- j
rigation districts, and in main- cases even
the interest on these bonds has not been |
paid, so that the bonds themselves are '<
practically unsalable.
Some measures should be adopted which
will prevent the continuance of such un
desirable conditions and put an end to the
litigation and loss consequent upon this
class of legislation.
The completion of the work already be- '
gun upon San Pedro harbor is of great ;
Importance to the State, and should re
the fullest support of our Senators
and Representatives in Congress, who
should be requested to use all lawful .-f
--for the passage of measures favor
ing its completion, a- well as to give their
"fullest support to all measures designed
to Improve our rivers and harbors."
Notwithstanding the great ability and
untiring energj of the learned Justices
of our Supreme Court and of the Suj n me
Court Commissioners, experience lias
demonstrated that it Is Impossible for
them to dispose of the fast accumulating
legal business coming befor< them. I
therefore recommend that an amendment
to the constitution be adopted for sub
in to the electors, establishing an
intermediate appellate court, having final
jurisdiction of a large class of cases which
now comes within the jurisdiction of the
pr< sent Supreme Court. it is noi
itial that the cases submitted to our
courts should be decided justly, but it Is
also Indispensable that they be disposed
of promptly, otherwise great injustice will
be done !.l the people.
w hile rig . . should be pra<
in all mm: r Stai et useful public
titutiona sbould
be crippled
by denying them
reason a ii i c a pel
iry appro
priations, a-
•:• • • <:•
Money for
State
Printing.
cast with the State
■^ . v printing office. It
'-■ ' • '-' La required by sec
[\'. <if the constitution of
•hat all bills, with the amend
ments thereto, shall be printed for the use
of th>' members of the Legislature before
ln'iiik' put upon tinai passage.
'I'll.- State printing office, wherein those
bills must !)•■ printed, is now and has been
fpr some time closed through the actioh
of my predecessor. Hence, oni of the
first duties imposed upon this adminis
tration is to reopen the Stat.' printing ot
fice, in order to assist in carrying on the
Stat< and legislative business aa i-.-'juired
by law; ami it will be necessary a: once
to allow a reasonable appropriation, and
no more, for this purpose.
Some days, therefore, will elapse before
the machinery of government will be in
complete running order.
Considering the official burdens thus
eaily cast upon me and the brief time
iarj '■' acquaint myself with the de
tails of the various offices, the absence
of the printed reports of the State offi
cers, as required by law, I will rely upon
your assistance, as well as upon that of
the several State officers, in placing the
government upon a proper business basis.
it lias been impossible for me, with the
means at my disposal, within the lim
ited time Eu lowed me before taking my
oath of office, t'i make a very extended
examination of State affairs; hence ray
references in this address t" the few mat
ters to which l have directed your atten
tion are necessarily brief.
As to Other matters of state, which
may have been omitted and which may
hereafter cull for legislative action, I
will communicate by special messages my
views there on, as the occasion arises.
While much rests with the executive,
grave labors devolve, likewise, upon you.
In order that the happiness and prosper
ity of the people of this great State may
be secured and augmented. Your patri
otism and your sense of moral responsi
bility will guide you In your deliberations
and lighten the burdens of the executive.
The faithful administration of the pub
lic affairs of the State Implies the indi
vidual as well as the public good. Inc
money of the State is most securely
guarded, and the rights of the people i est
preserved, when honor is placed above
the emoluments and self-love yields to
love of country.
Inspired by these motives, let us co-op
erate' in the firm, brave and honest dis
charge of our sacred official trusts.
The members of the Legislature and
spectators listened with marked atten
tion to the delivery of the address. Ap
plause was evoked when the sentiment
in favor of retaining the Philippines
whs uttered. The allusion to the amount
charged by the newspapers for publish
ing constitutional amendments created
a ripple of merriment and caused slight
applause. Perhaps neither the audi
ence nor the Governor understood that
the amendments were published by offi
cial direction and that the charge ren
dered by the newspapers was the regu
lar rate for the space occupied and is
the same as is paid by private indi
viduals.
Immediately after the minutes of the
session were approved the joint conven
tion dissolved. Thereupon Governor
Budd escorted his successor to the ex
ecutive office and there surrendered
everything in sight to Mr. Gage. Pretty
soon Governor Budd's staff officers filed
in to pay their respects to their com
mander-in-chief, and they were also
sin rendered to Governor Gage. As the
new Governor reviewed in his glances
the fine figures of Colonel Joe Howell
and genial Colonel Beck and the rest of
the heroic band his eye sparkled with
delight. He must have said to himself,
as he looked at them: "This is worth
all the struggle for the office." Later
on members of the Legislature, State
officers and ladies and gentlemen resid
ing in Sacramento came forward to
greet the newly inaugurated executive.
The Democrats of the Legislature did
a graceful tiling. They called in a
body to pay their respects to Governor
Gage and give a parting salute to Gov
ernor Budd. The ex-Governor, accom
panied by his mother and wife, left
Sacramento on the 5 o'clock train for
Stockton. The Democratic legislators
went tn the railroad station and there
bade him good-by, with many wishes
for his future prosperity and happi
ness.
THE INAUGURAL PARADE.
''ALT, 11KADQI"ARTERS, SACRA
MBNTO, Jan. 4.— lt was almost 1 p. m.
when the, inaugural parade formed in
front of the Golden Eagle Hotel. A vast
throng of people congregated there to
witness the start of the procession. First,
Mrs. Gage, accompanied by little Lucille,
Miss Maggie Eastman, Mrs. W. H. Davis,
the wife of the exeeuttve secretary, and j
Miss Rowena Burns, came down from the ,
Governor's apartments in the hotel and j
were driven rapidly to the Capitol in two I
carriages.
Governor Budd, Governor-elect Gage.
Supreme Justice Henshaw and Major
Frank McLaughlin followed and entered j
the carriage drawn by six horses. The
procession then formed and within ten
minutes thereafter was in motion, en
route to the Capitol. The order of the line
was as C0II0W8:
Artillery band of Sacramento: Company
A. N. <i. C, of Oakland. Captain Poulter
commanding.
First and second divisions Naval Bat
talion of San Francisco, with two rapid
firing HotcbJdss guns.
Signal Corps, Second Brigade, of San
Francisco, Captain C. L. llewes com
mandlng. _
carriage containing Governor Budd,
Governor-elect Gage, Supreme Justice
Henshaw and Major Frank McLaughlin.
Carriage containing General A. w. Bar
rett, Adjutant General R. L. Peeler and
Colonel w. I). Sanborn.
Carriage containing Colonels Young,
Vail, Pippy and Choynski.
Carriage containing General Dickmeon a
staff— Colonels Clougb, Miles and Huber,
and Majors Fitzgerald and Schmitt.
Carriages containing General warneld s
staff- Colonels Geisting and Hanson, and
Majors Janeen, Hoemer. Marxo, i ■
and Wegener and Sergeant Major Crosby.
Carriage containing Speaker Wi
Lieutenani Governor Jeter and Lieuten
ant Governor-elect Neff.
Carriages containing Mayor Land and j
city officials of Sacramento.
Carriage containing Private Seer.
Foiey. Executive Secretary Davis and
Private Secretary Shields.
Carriage containing State Controller
Surveyor General Wright. Alex
ander Brown, Member State Board oi
Equalization, and State Treasurer Reeves.
Carriage containing Secretary oi State
Curry. Member State Board of Equaliza
tion Toland. Building and Loan Commis
sioner MC< 'abe.
Carriage containing Attorney General
Ford, Dan T. Cole and J. S. Wardali.
SIMPLICITY MARKED
NEFF'S INAUGURATION
CALL HEADQUARTER^ BACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.^ln deference to his ex
ed wish, tliere was no ceremony or
display whatever In the installation of
Lieutenant Governor Jacob 11. Neft Into
office. In fact, the administration of the
oath of office was bo private ttiat none
of the Senators knew anything about it
for Beveral hours.
It had been Intended to have the Inau
guration "f the Lieutenant Governor fol
low that of the Governor In the Assembly
chamber, but fifteen minutes before the
Senate met tor the morning session Mr.
Neff, accompanied by Judge A. J. Buckles
of Solano, proceeded to the Senate cham
ber, and in one of the recesses, out of
■ of ev< rybody, Judge Buckles ad
ministered th<- oath "I" ofl
Lieutenant Governor Jeter soon called
the Senate I der, and presided through
nut the session. After adjournment he
was notified that his successor was i
to assume his duties after the joint
When the Senate reassembled after
Governor Gage's Inauguration Nefl took
t beside Jeter. After rollcall Jeter
addresed the assemblage as follows:
"Before retiring from this desk l want
to thank the members for the uniform
courtesy shown me during my term ol
ongratulat<
members and the people of this State on
the fa< t that I will be succeeded In office
by one of the besl men God in his infinite
wisdom ever placed on earth, it is my
good fortune I h . 1IT J
g my most cherished friends, and I
ask for him the same consideration you
have Bhown me as president of this body.
The friendships I have formed in this
chamber J hope arc lasting, and l can
only .■■.'id that 1 wish my successors asso
ciations will be as pleasani as mint.
"Gentlemen of the Senate, I take great
pleasure In Introducing to you my young
; friend. Lieutenant Governor Jacob H.
A hearty outburst of applause *rr I
the new President of the Senate and when
it had subsided he said:
"It is not my purpose to make an ex
tended speech a 1 this time. My illus
trious friend who has Just vacated this
chair has performed his duties with dis
tinguished skill and it shall be my aim
to preside over the deliberations of this;
body with the same wisdom and imparti
ality that has marked his term of office.
When 1 retire from this chair I hope to
carry with me the love and confidence
of the members. 1 thank you for this
kindly expression of your good will."
President pro tern. Flint was then called
to the chair and business was prtx
with. After adjournment Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff said he hoped to be able to
announce tho standing committees to
i morrow.
— : «.
TELEPHONE COMPANY
INFLUENCE FOR BURNS
CAT.T, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 4. —The Pacific Bell Tele
phone Company is the latest corporation
in come out in the open In its support <>f
Dan Burns for Senator, and to-day it was
current report that Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin, Jake Steppacher and Jake
Shean were wielding the Influence of that
monopoly in Burns' behalf. In return for
which they are to undertake to prevent
any legislation tending to abrogate the
• tie company's privileges.
Only last Sunday The Call found it
necessary to expose the telephone com
pany's gross betrayal of its patroni
making public the messages passing over
its wires and its Improper Bystem
duoinp to writing every conversation held
by the telephone and saving these mes
sages for whatever purpose it might see
fit to < mploy thc-m.
The Pacific Bell Company feared, not
without just cause, that the Legislature
would enact such laws as would insure
the privacy of m< Bsagea and protect its '
patrons from annoyance and possible
blackmail. Such legislation must he pre- I
vented at all hazards, and so arrange
ments were perfected with Burns, accord
ing to the terms of which he was to be
given the company's suport in his Sena
torial canvass and he in turn, or his
agents, were to choke "ft" any bills that
might be introduced for the regulating i
NINETY AND NINE.
We can save you more money in the on? year to come of the century
than in the ninety-nine that have passed, or we will try if you give us the
opportunity, and you'll rejoice over it.
NINETY-NINE PRICES.
$12 Klondike Fur Robes $6.50
■ These are good anywhere, of angora pkins
lined with heavy duck, to sleep or In-
doors or out. Price good only for stock
on hand. See the window.
$3 Men's Hats $1.25
1 . These are the last purchase of Hat stock
which came In yesterday at a few cents
on the dollar, of real value; S% to 7'
light, brown, black. Cheaper hat- 50c.
50-Cent Wai! Paper 15c
This is the finest Roods ii store quoted
at $1 double roll here and $1.50 where.
■We close 3000 pieces at 3 ft cents, double
roll. All our cheap paper at 3 and 4
cents is out; cheapest now 10 cents
double roll.
TIME AND TIME.
Ask for free samples of H. O.
Ask for free samples of Wheat Coffee.
Ask for 25-cent Klondike Cook Book.
Ask for 15-cent Klondike Puzzle.
Ask for printed lists goods on sale.
Ask for dark Percale, 16 yards one dollar.
— l nni8 Flnlinel ' wrapper styles.
Ask for sample'Calorlc Vita Oil. — — —
Ask for samples of above with orders. {
j of telephone-.matt*r»*ntl-the-sftfe««ar4 ln
of patrons. • „.
McLaughlin and the two jokers— Step,
pacher and Shaen— arc credited by report
with having the management of this deli
cate work. and have already progressed
so far in their plans that the influence of
the telephone company is being actively
employed in Burns' behalf.
EMPTY HONOR OF
MINORITY NOMINATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— The Dmnaocritlc mem
bers of the Assembly met in mucus this
afternoon after the adjournment of the
Assembly for the purposeof considering
the matter of committee appointment*
and making recommendations to Sneaker
Wrigrht as to the personnel of the Demo
cratic representation upon House i >m
mittees. A number of committee Belec
tlona were decided upon, but the entire
list was not completed. Another meeting
will be held ai 9 a. m. to-morrow, when
the list will be made up and turned over
eaker Wright.
it was decided to hold a Joint caucus
to-morrow evening to select a candidate
for United States Senator.
It la now quite evident that in the be
ginning the I>« mocratlc m> mbers will vote
as a unit for a Democrat for Senator..
The names of some half a dozen promi
nenl Democrats will be presented to the
caucus to-nirfht. Assemblyman Boone .or
Tulare would like to have a complimen
tary vote given to William H. Alvord.
Assemblyman Sanford will present tne
name of w. \v. Foote.
Assemblyman Meade. who is a close per
sonal friend of Senator White, inter
viewed that eentleman before lie left Los
Angeles as to whether or not he d<
his name presented, anil the Senator
I that Inasmuch as be had with
drawn from the Senatorial contest prior
to the election of the Legislature he
did not think it was scarcely the nroper
tiling for him to be in the race now.
Under the existing circumstances th*
Senator does not think thai the caucus
nomination of the Democratic minority .is
tlal as an Indorsement of his six:
years' term In the United States S.
The Senator stated to Assemblyman
Meade that if a Democratic majority hnd.
been elected to the Legislature his name
would not go before the Democratic cau
cus, and as there was a Detnocritic mi
nority, he did no: see why it should.
M F Tarpej will have his name before
thi caucus, and his friends will urge him
strongly.
It is evident, though, that oi all tho
names that will be presented. James p.
n will have the strongest following
and more votes than any other gentleman
whose name will be offered. The chances
are n r»1 thai Mayor Phelan will
be the nominee of the Democratic caucus,
unless some trade is made to give a com
plimentary vote for '>n.' or twd ballots to
some of the other leaders whose names
will be presented. '"•
While the Democratic members of tn«
. will ai tli.> rumrnenoement of
balloting for Senator proceed on the
proposition of voting .for a Democrat, it
must not be understood that they pro
to urn quivocally continue to do so
to the end. If the occasion demands.
there are a number of Democratic As
semblymen and Senators who boldly an
nounce thai they propos* to step into the
, cast their ballots to save the fair
of the State, even if they are com
pelled t.i vote for a R< publican.
At best, in so far as the Senatorial con
test is concerned the action of the Demo
cratic caucus will be lightly regarded.
The Democratic members of the As-
Bembly are already acquainting them
selves with th< Republican candidates.
This evening Assemblymen Fairweather,
Boone Mead< . Burnett and Mack met by
appointment at the Golden Eagle ami
called in a body at the headquarters of
all the Senatorial candidates. They were
presented to the various gentleman .and
ti!.;i withdrew. It was simply a little ir
formal affair and devoid of any Btfcnin
• other than that the I >emocrattc
brethren were desirous of meeting person
ally the men whose names after Tuesday
■ will occupy the att< ntion of the State
for several days t 'me.
UNCLE BILLY BOWERS
SIZES THE SITUATION
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. A. — Oim: of the. old-time
politicians of California is . ex-Congress
man W. W. Bowers of San Diego. Down
in the Seventh Congressional .District,
which he for six years represented in the
halls of the National Legislature, the
men and women refer to him as Uncle
"Billy" Bowers.
There is one quality Uncle Billy has. He
is very plain spoken. He has partici
pated in a number of Senatorial fights in
California in times prone by. for he has on
several occasions, going as far hack as
1876 been a member both of the Senate
and of the Assembly. Since Monday the
ex-Congressman has been here watching
the Senatorial fight and as a loyal San
Diegan doing what he can to assist in
booming Mr. Grant. Asked to: give his
views on the situation as he looked upon
it to-night. Uncle Billy in characteristic
language said:
"Well, now, I'll tell you. There is no
man got this light won now. It's the fun
niest thing I ever saw. There are factors
at work in this bout that I never saw he
fore in any Senatorial fight. The one
thing that complicates more than ' any
thing else is the patronage of the State
administration. That's what mixes the
thing up so that men don't know where
they stand. I want to tell you that if. you
will take the patronage of the State ad
ministration out Of this battle U. S. Grant
will get the caucus nomination beyond
the question of a doubt."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If it fails to cure.
25c. The genuine has L.. B. Q. on each tablet.
Crushed Under the Wheels.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 4.— Bud Mould, a.
fireman on the California Northwestern
Railroad, waß crushed near Hopland to
day, falling beneath the cars of a movins
stick train. His left arm was crushed
and he sustained other injuries.
Aimee Eduoard Herve Dead.
i .-\iiip. jh.ii. ■*. — .-umee t,ciouard Herve.
editor "• Soliel and member of the French
A.c idemy, died to-day in his sixty-fourth
year.
TO=DAY'SJRICES.
Fine Light 8ac0n... .........
This includes Hams (sugar' cured) or
light bacon. Pee the window. Order to-
day for the benefit of these prices.
Prunes— for 2 days /.2c
These are not the largest in the world,
but we know of none better or sweeter •
or cheaper. Secure a quantity.
Flour, Family, jack .75
It may seem too bad to sell flour at this
f£ thp U R*tf try to hilp bnth stdes $*
for the Reliance; not the whitest but
many say the best they ever trl|d
Creamery Square Butter 35c
A hose wh 0l ' ] cut for tWO days to helD
-nt $S t^nVchelp'. * * th ° Se ■
©AS H STORE
25-27 Market St., S.F.BEHIND THE CURTAIN
AT THE CEREMONIES
How the Inauguration Looked With AH
the Glamor Off.
The Hands of Burns and His Offensive Coterie of
Lieutenants to Be Seen on Every Side
During the Function.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. BACRA
MF.XTO. Jan. 4. — The inauguration of a
' is ai . : ssive function. It
-■ at a s glance, to be
< :th an actual solemnity. If
■ t se< • :.• ith the surface.
If /the story of shanv I - tracts
epiiild run be read as an open book, if
• were not present the hijfhwa
itica and the thups ■ . one
. that a momentous
eing jvoven Into history. Hut as
v. I saw (Junst and S
■:. the creatures of Dan Burns.
knowing that to cattle of their sort
lue the very fa< I I I
under way, felt a measure of the
glamour vanish.
t -would not im out of the way to
■ Steppacher . except that he
thrust himself into the notice, and the
only; notice he deserves he seems to
; he was particularly of
fdr I
everything from th< ; i ssi :; to the
reception of the Joint committees es
corting the Governor and the Governor
elect. He gave orders for the clearing
streets. Express wagons trem-
Mcd in his presence, and the hacks felt
abashed. At the Capitol he pranced
up and down the main aisle as one in
authority, although he was not. Per
haps Jake thinks he is a pleasine spec
but he is no beauty. His buld
surmount-d by a warty climax,
his suuat tiuure and his vacant face.
with its parsing gleams o* cunnins. fail
: joy. I say this in
air kindness by wa-> of a hint, having
i of causing a house to fall ;
flunst was there, too, stolid, heavy
_ ; 1 -hat his iob as
Commissioner had been saved to
him. and loving Burns more than ever.
the man from ai« x: o ha
: the inauguration t" fit the
Major McLaughlin was in a I
row. The major, too, has de
~urris, but 1 am willing that
ed to temporary al ■
Why a man will deyote his time
ng the v. . ■
•lien whack the party on
' lit to un
md. How • x er, while the i
-.. ility and avoirdupois to
:j r ak»- and
Jake Is
. • -.rawing a salary.
rs, regulates games and ,
morals in . He
sides, his pres
-he Hums cam
of That air of purity which is its
Having indulged in
[ttje swine from the subject, let
• l ick — iin.
ag that the procession
through th ■ the orange plumes
of the signal corps, the braid of the
brave.. music of the bands and the
snorting of the warhorses has
fully portrayed elsewhere, I let it go j
at that.
The thmng in the Assembly chamber
iva-s a credit to Sacramento, and the
packed, but orderly, in
ted but quiet. There were many '
■ ... Mrs. Gage sat on the right.!
While' not pretending to to de- |
scribe .how any lady was dressed, I ven
ture' that she was city garbed. Her
was gray. About her n^ck was a i
t white and her hat. was ■
mbination of pale blue with the ;
tint of her gown. Her own color
- rich, h^r carriage and figure the
womanly dignity. Be
-at h'-r daughter Lucile, a '
able fairy in daintiest attire. >;• Xt
the other side sat the wife
vernoi Budd and then his mother.
The ladies conversed pleasantly, but for
reason there were tears, in their
■ and gracious person I
would call the wife of ex-Governor
I, while upon his mother, save for
hairs, th^ burden of years sits
lightly. The rest • t the audience were
more individual importance than
you an<i I
• ssary formality the re
tiring Governor and the Governor about
walked up the main aisle. Both
: I us. Budd's hair was
bed and Uagt-s boots would n<
have passed a captious i ritic, while his
clothes did not seem to fit. He ought to
other rig for the inaugural
ball. Tiny were quickly on the plat
and the oath was administered.
Gage h< Id up a tremulous hand, but
his voice was firm. i mnon
d; inside there was te ap
plaus . . . . •
and every on-.' in the audi^-r.' -r wa:- . I
hear the words of th>- man just pro
d • hief executive nia.
There were better points in the ad
; i ::: his
.; he alluded to
an "omn:- : [ wondered If
he meant Dan Burns. He paid a pretty
to tl ■ liers killed In the war
with Spain and touched a responsive
chord, for hand clapping Interni
him. He said some £ :
instance, when h" .said "The aim and
- vernment it simplicity," he
struck the nail fairly. When he .-.
that S -a state n<
sity," he hit it once more. In his ad
- he traveled .. I tie n i rid,
the Philippines to the Paris expo
sition, and getting back home, alighted
upon the ilp with both :"• I
He said that the papers were some
times morally Mind, and perhaps they
I at th" listener thought a candi
for Governor, binding himself to
the i harlot wheels of a I iv be
at least morally shortsighted and
the effort was B] When
he Bpoke of the sum due
ifornia from the national Govern
ment it seemed that he placed an undue
emphasis upon the 4. cents. Wh;i-- re
alizing the justice of th< State's < iaim.
I would be willing t" waive the 4. ■
When he spok< of San Pedro 1 ttfousht
of the circumstance that Dan Burns
would fav< ice that w
to Huntington. Perhaps it was
wrong to indulge in these mental ex
cursions, but the temptation was in
ible. The address is produced in
another column and anybody who has
the tim-:- may read i r . It is a credit t"
the man wh> wrote it. and if he wrote
impaign speeches he is to be
congratulated upon the improvement.
ithout detail and with no all i
to the splendor of gold braid, this is my
int of the way Budd ceas
rnor and Burns began to reign in
his stead. I" r "Buj
My admiration for tfc
the typewriter forbids a more vi
change.
During the day devoted to this event
ih-- pullers "•■ t be< □ .
The Burns - arm< ■:. But
what mam . are they? Tl
in the lot who represents
anything l-ut th' hair world of Dlace.
They are the macquereux of society,
people without standing, who would be
admitted to no home, unclean in mind
and r< md reeking from the
slums. If Burns ran win with the back
ing of such offal. th<- Dennerys. the
Gunsts, the Steppachers, California can
bid farewell to any claim to decency.
The state has too fair to be
thus blotched. It is my adopted h
and the adopted home of many thou
.-. We do not wish it besmirched.
Th- native sons should feel that th--ir
honor is at stake.
A pretty picture was afforded this
afternoon when Crimmins, Gunst and
Kelly posed together. They are here
to elect Burns. I cannot believe the
outrage will be perpetrated, and if it
shall be will still protest while there
remains the power of expression.
As the procession was forming this
morning General Barnes viewed the
scene from a balcony. I am boui
say he looked well. George Knight was
in the crowd. I am not bound to say
how he looked, but he did not strike
the spectator as one destined to startle
the nation by loosing his lungs at
Washington. Grant did not appear and
Bulla was already at his post of duty
in the Senate. Even now it is impos
sible to state definitely how the struggle
will terminate. I have said from the
first that the man from San Diego will
win. partly because his principal op
ponent is Burns and partly because, if
the worst charge to be brought against
him is that ho is a carpet-bagger, his
record must be clean. There are other
worth;.- persons to whom has not fallen
the distinguished honor of being born
in California. It makes no difference
to me who may be elected Senator so
he b'- a gentleman, but being here to
record facts as they appear I d m t
hesitate to say that the chances •>'•
Grant are better than any of his op
ponents, none of whom, with the un
savory exception of Burns, has any
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
thing like an organized plan of cam
paign.
There is something in bearing an hon
ored name, and General Grant, the
great soldier, the head of the nation,
had been regarded as a failure until he
had passed the age at which most men
were well on the way to such success
as life afforded. This candidate is a
quiet, unobstrusive man, making no
boasts and thus coming Into violent
contrast with the citizen of Yolo, the
ex-Secretary of State, the miner of
Candelaria. The contrast is working
him no injury.
There are many of the people here
who have no excuse which they are
willing to reveal. They are either after
jobs or they hope to boost the aspira
tions of somebody who is, and come in
for a share "f the proceeds. In some
instances their ambitions are leeiti
mate, for there are loaves and fishes,
and they who will not ask may s:o hun
gry. Whenever a man will not tell
why he is here a suspicion arises that
he is for Burns. The only open sud
; orters of Kurns seem in fact to be
those who have no reputation to lose,
of course excepting Governor Gasre.
who apparently thinks he is strong;
enough to uphold Burns and remain
unspotted. While this is impossible,
the uselessness of telling him so is
plain.
There is a little story worth telling,
and not likely to get any space else
where. Years ago Governor Budd haJ
defended a man tried on the charge of
murder and the case had been tried be-
Judge Budd. The prisoner was
found guilty of murder in the second
md sentenced to a term of
thirty-five years. There were mitierat-
Ing circumstances of no consequence in
this narration. Enough to say that as
Governor Budd would have pardoned
an. save for a feeling of delicacy
owing to having been his lawyer, thn
retiring executive presented the facts
to the incoming Governor and asked
that Gage issue the pardon. He was
told in a cavalier fashion that Gaze did
THE CHARTER WILL BE RATIFIED.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.. SACRAMENTO. Jan. 4.— There is no longer any
doubt whatever that the new charter adopted by the people of San Francisco will be ratified
by the Legislature. Some weeks ago The Call made a poll of the Legislature by telegraph,
and. while a majority of the members of both houses declared in favor of its ratification, there
were a number who expressed a desire to more thoroughly familiarize themselves with the
instrument before committing themselves for or against it.
During the present week The Call's staff of correspondents has made a systematic and
intelligent canvass of the Legislature, with the result that it is enabled to announce to the peo
ple of San Francisco that there will be practically no opposition to the charter in either House.
And there will be little if any delay in its ratification. It will be presented to the Senate and
Assembly to be acted upon as soon as the Legislature is in smooth working order, and there
is no likelihood that any effort will be made to block its course.
not reveal to anybody what he intended
is G '\ ernor.
"Very well," said Budd. "I am Gov
ernor myself for about two days."
And so it happened that one of tha
last official acts of Budd was the issu
ance of a pardon to Dana. This simnlo
■ '. shows the caliber of Governor
. It is about 22, short.
Personal Mention.
• •ALT, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— W. H. Mallory, who was
at large to the Republican
:;. and now holds the office
f the Si -ckton Elks,
arrived to-day to pay his respects to the
rnor and participate in the In
-1 joys. Mr. Mallory is a prnm
inent and active man of affairs in San
,.; j. (•. Currier of San Francisco.
•■ the Veterans' Home Associa
tion and commander of the California
Commandery. Loyal Legion, arrived to
ind paid his respects to Governor
conferred with members
I • eislatiire repaniins needed ler-is
latlo , : if the Veterans' Home at
Yountville.
Earthquake Shocks and a Glow.
LONDON, J;tn. :>.— The Constantinople
r.t of the Daily Telegraph
: • '-arthriuake shock was felt
■k this i Wednesday)
ng, which. was followed by two of
a miliU r character. At the same time a
plow was distinctly observed over Mount
Olympus, on the Macedonian border.
LEGISLATIVE BODIES
DOWN TO BUSINESS
Standing Committees in the
Senate Condensed.
Assemblymen Rash the State Printing
Bill and Then Stand by the
President on Expansion of
Territo y.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— About the only work ac
complished by the Senate was the revis
ion of the number of standing committees
and putting through the mileage claims
of the officers and members.
The standing committees were reduced
from twenty-nine to twenty-six in order
to give each Republican member a chair
manship, which reduction was accepted
without detriment to the work of the Sen
ate. The Claims Committee was consol
idated with the finance, and the Commit
tee on Constitutional Amendments with
the Judiciary, while the Committee on
County Boundaries was abolished. Be
yond shortening the names of some of
the others they were allowed to stand as
they were in the last session.
When the Senate met at 10 a. m. Gillette
of Humboldt offered a resolution appoint
ing a committee of three to amend Bi i -
ate rule 36. relative to the standing com
mittees. The resolution was adopted, and
Gillette, Bulla and La Hue were appointed
on the committee.
Simpson of Los Angeles offered a reso-
lution appropriating $4::.". for lighting the
Capitol dome and the Senate chamber next
Monday night during the inaugural ball,
purchasing new canvas to cover the floor
of the Senate chamber, and for cleaning
the old canvas, which is to be used to
cover the stairways. The resolution was
adopted, and the Senate adjourned to
meet in joint session with the House at
1 o'clock. •
At the close of the inaugural ceremonies
the Senate* reconvened and Jacob H. .Neff
was installed as president.
The committee appointed to revise rule
3t5, in relation to the standing committees
of the Senate, reported as follows:
The following standing committees shall
be apointed by the Lieutenant Governor:
Mem
bers.
I— Farming and manufacturing interests.. 7
2 — Attaches, contingent expenses and mile
age 3
3— Banks and banking 5
4— Municipal corporation 3
s— Commerce, harbors, rivers and coast de
fenses 7
S— Corporations 11
7— County covemments and township or
ganization 7
S— Education and public morals 5
9 — Elections 7
10— rolled and engrossed bills 3
11— Federal relations and immigration 3
12— Finance and claims 11
13— Forestry, rtsh and game 5
14— Hospital, health and quarantine 5
16— Irrigation and water rights 9
Judiciary , 16
17— Labor and capital 6
I<— Mine.*, drainage and debris C
— Military affair-! 5
20— Public buildings, other than prison
buildings 11
21— Public printing and State Library 5
22— Public and swamp and overflowed lands. 5
2.*!— Roads and highways
24— Rules and revision 3
2.". — State I'risiins and prison buildings 7
i;— Executive communications and nomina
tions '
The temporary committee on mileage
submitted Its report. The rules were sus
pended and the report was adopted. It is
as follows:
Lieutenant Governor Jeter. Ml: Secretary
F. J. Brandon. S2j 6<i; J. L. Childs, minute
clerk. $72 SO; L. P. Blackburn, sergeant at
arms. $1* 20; Senators R. P. Ashe, $16 SO;
S. M. Bettman. $1680; John Boggs. $15; J.
J. Boyce, 17380; S. Braunhart, $16 SO; R.
N. Bulla. $9560; F. W. Burnett. $16>": E.
W. Chapman. $15; A. T. Currier. $102 60;
J. B. Cur-tin. $2"); William M. Cutter,
$10*3: J. F. Davis. $1540; J. H. Dickinson.
$19 20; G. Doty. $3; L. J. Dwyer. $16 80; J.
Feeney, $1-5 80; Thomas Flint Jr.. $36; J.
N. Gillette. $62 40; S. Hall, $16 SO; J. A.
Hory. $16 ni; T. J. Jones. $99 20; J. T.
Laird, $75 80: B. F. Langford, $11 60;
C. I- La Rue. $14 20: F. W. Leavitt.
$1S2O: J. J. Luchsinger, $12 20; W.
F. Majgard. $1780; H. V. Mo rehouse,
$25 60; A. E. Xutt. $123 40; H. L. Pace,
$44 80; W. F. Prisk. $13 40; Chester R-.well.
$3CSO: C. M. Shortridge. $25 60; C. M.
Simpson. $S7 60; J. C. Sims, $36 40; P. C.
Smith. $53 6n; F. S. Stratton. $18 20; A. K.
Taylor. $16 <*); E. H. Trout, $44; C. I.
Wolde, $16 80.
A message was received from Governor
Gage announcing the appointment of Wil
liam T. Foley of Los Angelas aa his pri
vate secretary. The Senate then ad
journed to 10 a. m. to-morrow.
QUICK WORK IN THE HOUSE.
After Passing the Bill for the Print
ing Office the President
Was Indorsed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— To-morrow the State
Printing: Office will be privileged to draw
nn the StKte treasury fur as much as its
needs require of the $50.0 X» appropriated to
its use by Assembly bill No. 1, introduced
in the Assembly Monday morning by
Grove L. Johnson of Sacranunto. To-day
its third reading and final passage were
the first business of the Assembly at its
morning session.
The bill us originally introduced pro
vided $100,000 for the Immediate nei
the office, and in such terms it passed
without a dissenting voice to its second
reading:. Yesterday it came back from
the printing office for further action, but
the tip had come into the chamber that
Governor Gage would attach his v< to to
it unless th( appropriation was cut in
half, and the little joker in the shape of
a proviso that "In cases of emergency"
work might be done by private offices out
side the Si ;> cut out of it en
tirely. Mr. Johnson took the hint
when it came up after the reading
journal yesterday morning he asked that
the Assembly go into committee of the
whole for the purpose ot amending it
the llnea laid down. The commlt
» f the whole reported the amendment
favorably to the Assembly, and the bill
passed to Its third reading, which waa
made a special order for this mi r: >•
ter th^ reading of the journal. This morn
ing It was ttikt-n up and passed, and thu
minority declared its position on printing
office matters by casting not one vote
against it.
The $60,000 tendered by Mr. Johnson, on
behalf of the Assembly, is only tht- first
of other appropriations that are to come.
Since the office was peremptorily <
work has accumulated, and it is fon
ed by th« wise ones that th^ session of
this year will be dragged out to i
days because of it. The work to be done
on the report of the Code Commission
alone will reo.uire not a day short of
—
three weeks and if the commission is to
'' render Its report to the legislature this
year the printing of it must be first com
i pleted.
To-morrow the bill will be rushed in to
the S»:: "• . and und< r a suspension of the
provisions of the constitution will be
its first, second ami third readings
and sent to thi Governor for his signa
ture. It will become immediately opera
tive.
The printing bill and the small debate
upon its passage was the only business
;of import. I the Assembly .hir
ing the morning. It was all inauguration
in the eh;tmS>-r from tht time Speaker
Wright called for order, and adjourn
ment was taken early to facilitate the
arrangenv ating the big crowd
that was expected in the afternoon :
I Governor Gage inducted into office.
The resolution of Belshaw of Contra
• i introduced on Monday with the
intent of ratifying the policy of Presi
-1 dent McKinley in the late war and for
the future, came up on its second read
ing. Meade ol Los Angeles, leader of the
minority, introduced a substitute elimin
iting all reference to the President and
;erritorial expansion.
Grove L. Johnson said he would vote
tor the Belshaw resolution, but wished
to say he <1 i • 1 not consider the late un
•leasantness either a Republican or Dem
ocratic fight, but that honors were even
between all the parties on the ticket.
<'aminetti said about the same thing
and moved that the resolution be re
ferred to a '•■■mmittee that it might ba
revised to include the opinions of both
majority and minority.
Dibble of San Francisco said he did not
-f-e how that could be done and Burnett
>f San Luis Obispo pot up to say he did
lot like the- resolution for the reason th;it
t made no reference to holding on to tha
Philippines ami other territory that the
uition had acquired only after erlmson
ng it with tht- blood of American soldiers.
Speaker Wright said the question was
in the motion of Camlnettl to refer to
jommittee and 'he motion was lost. Then
t was on the sib-measure of Meade. and
that also was lost. The original resolu
tion came then and it cam d with only
the minority vote against it. Valentine
jf Lo< Angeles was in the chair for
Speaker Wright on the final question, and
he ordered the resolution transferred to
the Senate for the concurrence of that
body.
Belshaw then introduced another resolu
tion iriving each memli-r an allowance
for stationery amounting to $25 per cap
ta. and on motion <*( Dibble a recess was
taken until a quarter ;• 1 o'clock, that
Lhe porters might have time to make the
•hamber ready for the inauguration cere
mony, in come on in the afternoon.
When the Assembly convened after the
naueuration ceremonies P^adeliffe of San
Continued on Seventh Page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ySfr
y* . fly //
Moonlight on the ■pjjy' v^jVj^ \re
sea. There are pic- r*^&~j"\Tk y\
tures and dreams 4PVv V V T % IJ
and castles in the \\\
air for the woman ■ Jj* v^\. ■** Jf
who sits and gazes » _^Ssv
out over it. Pic- IJL eS TWwi
home, dreams of a J) *£f\%2^^^^£F
manly husband,
beautiful castles to be built by the loving
hands of mutual helpfulness and filled
with healthy, happy children.
Almost without exception these dreams
might become realities if mothers would
only teach their daughters the most com-
mon, sense facts about their own physical
make-up, and advise them how to protect
themselves from the perils of the three
critical periods of their puberty or
maturity, motherhood and the "turn of
life." Women at these times suffer from
irregularities and weaknesses which, if
neglected, will develop into dangerous dis-
eases and make their whole lives wretched.
The delicate organs that make wifehood
and motherhood possible, cannot be neg-
lected with impunity. If they are neglect-
ed the result is unhappy wifehood, and
motherhood 'will, be a menace of death.
Dr. Pierce 's Favorite Prescription is an un-
failing specific for all diseases of these
organs. It restores them to perfect health.
It promotes regularity of their special func-
tions. It fits for wifehood and mother-
hood. It tones, invigorates and builds up
the nerves that have been shattered by
pain and suffering.
"For years my wife suffered from what the
doctors called prolapsus of the uterus," writes
Mr Harry Chant, of 211 Haskell Street, Dallas.
Texas. "She was nervous, had cold hands and
feet, palpitation, headache, backache, constipa-
tion, a disagreeable drain, bearing-down pains
and no appetite. She pot so weak she could not
get around. lam only a laborer, and was always
in debt to the doctors, and all for no good, as none
of them did her any good. She began taking
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and it seemed
to 'work like a charm. She t^s taken about
thirteen bottles and is to-day as stout and
healthy as any. woman in the United States."
■ Use f^k se
Woodbury's f'^'% Woodbury's
Facial Soap, "^^ Facial Cream.
Skin diseases, scaly eruptions, pimples, black-
heads • and blood disorders cured by JOHN H.
WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and I*3
State st., Chlcagro. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample each of Facial Soap
and Cream, free.
34
BOGUS MONEY
IN SAN QUENTIN
Convicts Pass Queer on
Officials.
TRADE NOT PROFITABLE
THE CHRISTMAS CASH STOBE
AND ITS MISHAPS.
It Is Said That the Men in the Prison
xiave Dies for Counterfeiting
Coin Secreted in Their.
Cells.
!?;■<■• in! ] \-; iti b to The •
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Jan."*.—
:-ial is au
thorized by Wari. ' . •
3 from convicts who have money
deposited with him for provisions for
their Christmas dinner. Officers Praet-J
■i this
is they purcha $600.
worth "t pi- . an .. lmi?ro\ teed
th< i
yard and ii was proclaimed, far and
■ ill ■■ prison that .bargains
i~h. No convict in- .
the yard is allowed t-> .hav.e. ;>ny
money in his possession, and' if he is
';i with any it Is confiscated by the
ils. This time it was all right to '
money. The convicts- rushed t"
tore and a thriving trade. wai
on, and after it was all
Messrs. Praetzel and ReynoTds found
X their cash $18*95 in counterfeit
Wibney, consisting of one $M piecp,
•• haiv« s, .. dimes ' and 'nickels,
a convict who has the
ebbrii - • RebeJ George" was. de
: in passing a counterfeit' half in
ri '11 of butter, nn<i h<- is
. it iv.- in i'■ • The convicts, it
'•'-.ls .said, hav< dies secreted in their. .cells
••ia!. The coii -
'.y.-iy cleverly done and would puss un
i : r iTiizi-i].
;•'■; W. J. Quigley, a night guard;..severe
■;. ]y frai tured two bones in his right an
]>h' while scuffling with one of. the
■guards prior I duty this
■■ evening. Dr. \V. J. Wickman of San
:..Jiafael set the fracture. Quigley is art
old veteran and he ■ ■ cord
m and capture of opium
■ ' I unds. ■ .
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Additional Army Officers Who Are
Ordered to Manila.
■*■:. Jan; 4.— The following
■ irnia will I
Iff: Collis, Fresno
■ :
■. mail to Garlock,
i ngor.
!
: a bill authorizinK the i try of
■ - acting
l
By direction - itary
.
I any M, Fourteenth Unil
try, Manila, wil I from
the si ■ States. Acting
. iward VV." Plnkham.
les Army, ■ : from fur
duty at i . hospital, Fort
Art., and will proceed t0..-Coium
ti ks, < ihio, and report to the
of that post, to ac
■
Manila. Privati
ry I. Third Unit
: Bland, Cal., will
scharjred from the service of the
lichael ■H.
n.cih, ' Seventh United Bl I
;l:i! '■; ntpr. now on furlough- at his home In
II be discharged. Prl
. i 'ompany B, Fifi
tiow at th • Pre
trahsferred to
■ , .
nrj Mi < '.-.in, Four
tefeni!: Pnlt . will P ro
to San Francisco at the proper time
In the Twenty-second United States
ry for duty with t! •.: un
til "it arri. ■ ■• Philippine .Islands,
and thei
McGinness,
Ordn i United Si
Army, is relieved from the command of
the St. L iuis powdi r d< po< . St. Louis,
Mo., and will pro ,l re
i ommanding general
of the Cni - t thai place
■hief ord
tnmand, and to
ng to thi
he may dii
Private Oeorge Rubenstein, Hospital
now at Fort Baker, Cal., is trans
ferred to Vancouver Barracks, Wash.
Pens c been erai llows:
California: Original— Daniel H. Williams.
QroviUe, $6. ftetasue -Joseph Hammell,
frsm Francisco, $6. Original widows etc.—
Minors <.f Joseph ):> 11, San Francisco,
?!>'.; Agnes I Weavi rvil
Washington: Reissui Edgar \v. lister
Washington: Reissue — Edgar \v. •
kane , $16.
WATSON APPLIES FOR
THE ASIATIC STATION
Will Succeed Rear Admiral Dewey if
the Hero of Manila Gives Up
His Command.
V ■ WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-Commodore
• Watson, at present In command of the
•'•'•Mare Island navy-yard, has- applied for
, : the command of he Asiatic station, to
:subceed Admiral Dewey when that officer
shall have relinquished his command.
..■."Unless Admiral Dewey change's his mind
V; that date will not be . much before the
.• current calendar year, for he has resisted
•/all invitations to accept relief from the
.-'onerous duties imposed -upon him, be
• 'lieving that he could •best serve his coun
:' try at Manila. li. win retire from, active
service next December, providing the law
•" is not amended in his interest. ,
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used, to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; ' all sorts of people are
nsiug it.
ROOSEVELT TO
DECLINE THIS
EMPTY HONOR
No CF)eap Brevet Ranl^ for H im
When He Feels That He Has
Won a Medal.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The friends of Governor Roosevelt in this city
were not pleased when they read in ihe Herald to-day that the War De
partment had recommended to the President that the colonel of the
Rough Riders he made a brevet brigadier general and that the President
would act favoring the recommendation.
If Colonel Roosevelt is made a brevet brigadier general he will prob
ably lifeline the honor, and there is reason to believe that the head of
the War Department knows that Colonel Roosevelt will decline.
Colonel Roosevelt's friends say that what he wants is the medal of
honor to which he is entitled, and which the War Department is with
holding because of th^ colonel's famous "round robin." They also say
that th^ manner in which the brevet rank is to be given, in connection
with other volunteer colonels who were not under fire at all, is humili
ating.
The Btory as was told to-night is that Colonel Roosevelt was recom
mended for a medal of honor by General Shatter, General Wheeler and
General Wood. Thus the corps commander, division commander and
brigade commander joined In the request. No doubt, it was said, the
medal of honor would have been given but for the fact that Colonel
Roosevelt's desire to get hia troops away from Santiago when they
were likely to die of yellow fever stirred up the War Department.
Tlie news from Washington is taken by Colonel Roosevelt's friends
to mean that the recommendations of Generals Shafter, Wheeler and
W 1 are to be Ignored and that Colonel Roosevelt is nut to have his
m< lal of honor, but an empty title instead, the same as Colonel H. T.
P.ai-her of the First New York, who did not fight at Honolulu, and Col
on. '1 .1. B. Castleman of the First Kentucky, who was in Porto Rico at
one time under General Schwan, but was not even in the Tight which
Schwan had at Mayaguez.
FRENCH SHORE OF
NEWFOUNDLAND
Fisheries May Yet Lead
to Trouble.
■
LAND OF LITTLE VALUE
ENGLISH STATESMEN IN UGLY
HUMOR.
There May Be Cause for War in This
Between the French
and the Brit
ish.
Special ("able to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett. _
PARIS, Jan. 4.— There seems to be a
growing conviction here that the New
foundland question will furnish the
next subject for discussion— some even
go bo far as to say for dispute—be
tween England and France. The mat
ter has been referred to many times
lately. Mr. McGrath, editor of the St.
John Evening Herald, has contributed
an article to the current Contemporary
l;. lew wherein the English view of the
case is given and reprisals are
threatened if satisfaction be not ob
tained.
"Satisfaction" appears to mean in the
nt case that the French should
withdraw from the stand they have
taken on their incontestable legal rights
guaranteed them by the treaty of
Utrecht. These rights have no longer
any raison d'etre, according to the
English. Mr. Chamberlain has pointed
out that at the time the treaty was
concluded the fisheries were uf great
value; now they have become compara
tively i'.isigniii( ant.
Hear Admiral Reveillere, in a letter
written to-day to Le Matin, says the
French Bhore is of no interest to our
navy. He affirms that the question of
the French shore- in Newfoundland is
us only because it has been ab
surdly exaggerated by professional
patriots.
"The English have never disputed the
rights of France," he writes. "They
only say nothing can be nv>re true than
that our ] ;; the French shore
Is a source "f perpetual danger from
conflicts which have only been averted
by extreme good will on the part of
both governments.
"It would certainly be of benefit to
both nations," concludes the admiral.
"if our rights could be exchanged tor
an equivalent compensation. I posi
tively affirm, certain that I shall not
be contradicted by any officers Who
know the Newfoundland station, that
the French shore is of no interest to
our navy."
Marc Landy, in Figaro, admits that
tli" entire territory in dispute is not
worth the blood of a single French
Bailor. "We should be well advised In
accepting compensation in exchange for
this stretch of coast," is his conclusion.
The question is will both parties ap
proach the subject in this conciliatory
spirit.
ACCUSED OF DEFRAUDING
SAN FRANCISCO MERCHANTS
H. J. Bray. One of the Best Known
Fruit Retailers of Vancouver,
Arrested.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 4.— H. J.
Bray, one of the best known fruit mer
cnants in this city, was charged in the
Police Court this afternoon with having
fraudently obtained a largv consignment
from P. M. Morbia a Co. of
421 Front street, San Francisco. The evl
dei cc weni :■> slkjw that Bray bad agreed
t" exchange certain k<>"'ls for the
oranges, lie received the. latter and sold
th'iTi at a pood l'fOfit. The «oods he was
to have sent to Morbia & Co. never
leach'-.! the latter, and after writing re
peatedly to Bray Ujey instituted a crimi
nal action against him. This deal in it
self in not a large one, but it is said that
other fruit firms in San Francisco have
similar complaints to make against Bray.
Bray'a arrest to-day created a great sen-
Bation in commercial circles, as he was
alwaj a held to be a man of good financial
standing. lie requested and was given
time to procure certain evidence from San
Francisco.
A Costly Strip of Land.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— Collla P. Hunt-
Ington haa purchased from Wflliam Wal
dorf Astor for 164,620 a Btrip of land 10x126
I on thi east atde of Fifth avenue, south of
; Fifty-seventh street.
This strip of land is at the north-
I erly end or the seventy-five foot plat pur
chased by Mr. Astor last October, As the
latter intends t<> build on this spot. .Mr.
Huntingdon desires the ten-foot strip In
order that his residence at the corner
' adjoining may pot the benefit of better
I light and air from the south.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
STILES LAWYERS
"CORMORANTS"
Scathingof Collectors of
Money Due Counties.
CONTRACTS ARE FRAUDULENT
CASHIER AUGUSTINE WARNS
MARIN SUPERVISORS.
Declares if the Scheme of the Attor
neys Is Carried Out They Will
Make a Clean-Up of
$700,000.
Social r»l!=r.at?h to The Call.
PAX RAFAEL, Jan. 4.— S. M. Aug
ustine, cashier of the bank oj A. P. Ho
taling & Co., filed a communication to
■the Board of Supervisors with County
Clerk Graham to-day, in which the
; San Francisco law firm which has se
'■. cured contracts to collect money al
leged to be due the county from the
'State is excoriated in the bitterest
! terms. Augustine declares that it is an
'attempt to take money from the pockets
nf taxpayers already overburdened,
■characterizes the attorneys as "cormo
rants," "vampires" and "bloodsuckers,"
and petitions the board not to become
i a party to what he regards as so mere
tricious a scheme.
After stating that the law firm has
secured contracts by which it will make
$700,000 in fees, provided ail the suits
against the State are won, and that if
this county should win its suit it would
lose $8000 out of the $20,000 claimed on
the basis of a 40 per cent fee, Augustine
declares himself in the following force
ful language:
Concerning the moral aspect of the case
I can hardly trust myself to speak, nor
can I characterize such practice as it <i, -
serves. Tho distinguished attorneys who
conceived this scheme of enriching them-
I selves at the expense of the toiling masses
of California, who are already in bad
enougH straits as a result of an unu
sually dry year, may anticipate an easy
victory. l,m in my '.pinion they undi rrate
the intelligence of the people of the Stati
who, if I mistake not, will be heard from
in no uncertain tones when they once un
derstand this proposed raid upon their
property through the technicalities of le
gal practice.
You were assured that the money to ~ay
this judgment is already In the State
treasury, appropriated for this pui
Had this been true, it would have been
to the interests of this county to com
mence suit to recover it; but it is no) true.
This money is in the pockets of the
taxpayers of tne county and State, and
if paid at . r ill we must pay it t<> ourselves,
and, besides, pay these cormorants,
varopln b, these bloodsuckers, literally for
the privilege of doing so.
An attorney in private practice would
be disbarred for betraying the interests
of hi? client. Why should these men be
permitted to do it on a gigantic scale
without a protest? Tlk- contract was
obtained from you fraudulently and can
be set aside on that ground, and we look
to you, gentlemen, with absolute confi
dence in your integrity and good inten
tion, to protect your constituents against
this Iniquitous attempt upon their rights,
and thereby to aid in setting the teal of
infamy upon the nun whose minds were
cunning enough to conceive this nefarious
scheme, and whose hearts wire base
enough to execute it.
To-morrow's session of the board will
be devoted to a consideration of the
proposition of rescinding the contract
with the law firm in question. District
Attorney Mclsaac will be asked at that
time to present an opinion in the
matter.
FLEEING FROM THE
REVOLUTION IN BOLIVIA
Wife of the President and Other
Prominent Refugees Have
Reached Antofagasta.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, ISO!), by James Gor
don Dennett.
VALPARAISO, Jan. 4.— The wife of the
President of Bolivia and several promi
nent Bolivians have arrived at Antofa
gasta, fie<--inp from the revolution.
The Italian cruiser Piemonte arrived at
Coronel on January L Her commander
paid that the quarrel between Italian and
Chilean Bailors at Punta Arenas was with
out gravity, aa it is of common occurrence
at all ports where Intoxicated sailors of
different nationalities meet. The com
mander was Mphly pleased at the cour
tesy of t lie Chilean authorities at Punta
Arenas.
Hobart Has the Grip.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Vic< -President
Mohan waa unable to attend the session
of the Senate to-day, belnp confined to
his home with a mild attack of the grip.
Appointed Assistant Surgeon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Henry Green
leaf Simpson of California was to-day ap
pointed an assistant surgeon in the army.
PARIS TREATY
IS CERTAIN OF
RATIFICATION
Poll of the Senate Shows Sixty-
Two Members in its Favor
on the Final Vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— The Herald's Washington correspondent has
made a poll of the Senate and sends the following:
Number of votes necessary to amend the treaty of peace, 45.
Highest number of Senators in favor of amending the treaty, 39.
Number of votes necessary to ratify the treaty, 60. Number of Sen
ators who will favor the treaty on the final vote, 62.
SENATORS WHO FAVOR AMENDMENT.
Allen, Bacon, Baker, Bate, Berry, Cattery, Chllton, day, Cockrell,
Daniel, Gorman, Hale, Harris, Heitfeld, Hoar, Jones (Ark.), Kenny,
Mcßnery, McLaurin, Mallory, Martin, Mason. Mills. Mitchell, Money,
Murphy, Pasco, Perkins, Pettigrew, Pettus, Roach, Sullivan, Tillman,
Turley, Turner. Turpie, Vest, Wellington, White. Total— 39.
FAVOR OF TREATY ON FINAL VOTE.
Aldrich, Allison, Burrows. Butler, Cannon, Carter, ('handler, Clark,
Cockrell, Cullom, Daniel, Davis, Dubois, Elkins, Fairbanks, Faulkner,
Foraker, Frye, Gallinger, Gear, Gray, Hanna, Hangbrough, Hawley,
Jones (Nev.), Jones (Ark.), Kenny, Kyle, Lindsay, Lodge, Mcßrlde,
Mcßnery, McLaurin, McMillan, Mantle, Mason, Mills, Money, Morgan,
Murphy, Nelson. Pasco, Penrose. Platt (Conn.), Platt (N. V.), Prlch
ard, Proctor, Quay, Rawllns, Sew ell, Shoup, Simon, Smith, Spooner,
Stewart, Toller, Thurston, Warren, Wellington, Wetmore, Wilson,
Wolcott. Total— 62.
CLAMORING TO
LAND AT HAWAII
Chinese Do Not Relish
Annexation.
OUR LAWS NOT WELCOME
MONGOLS WHO HAVE RE
TURNED MAKE A CONTEST.
The Supreme Court of the Islands De
cided in Their Favor, and an
Appeal Has Been Taken
to Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 4.
Assistant Secretary HoweU of the
Treasury Department has under con
sideration the cases of a number of
Chinese seeking; readmiasion to Hawaii,
and has submitted the questions in
volved to Attorney General Griggs. At
different periods before the annexation
of Hawaii to this country many Chinese
left Hawaii with the intention of re
turning after going to China on visits
or engaging in business elsewhere. They
compiled with the Hawaiian laws en
titling them to return.
When they learned of the annexation
of the islands and the establishment of
United States laws over Hawaii many
<if them hastened back to the islands.
Inspector Brown of the United States
Gi .rnment denied them admission on
the ground that under the law.s of the
United Stuns they were not entitled to
come back. The case was carried be
fore Justice Judd of the Hawaiian Su
preme Court. He decided that the
Chinese ought to be admitted.
Brown has taken an appeal to the
Treasury Department, and the case will
be given careful consideration. Under
the laws of this country a Chinese go
ing away must secure from the Collector
of the Port from which he sails a cer
tificate that he has a family or prop
erty here and is entitled to return with
in a year.
The attorneys for the Chinese in Ha
waii maintain that it is unfair to en
force the laws of the United States
upon people who went out of Hawaii
believing that tiny could return under
the laws which then existed. It is
thought likely that the Attorney Gen
eral will uphold the decision of the Ha
waiian .lu.lp.- and admit the Chinese.
Nearly 800 Chinese will be debarred un
less the decision holds.
MISS SAMPSON BECOMES
HENRY H. SCOTTS BRIDE
An Interesting Ceremony in the Con
gregational Church at Glen
ridge, N. J.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Miss Olive Far
rington Sampson, daughter of Rear Ad
miral W. T. Sampson, and Henry Harri
son Scott of San Francisco were married
in the Congregational Church in Glen
ridge, N. J., to-night by Rev. Frank Good
win. The church was elaborately decor
ated with orange blossoms, roses, violets,
ferns and palms. The little edifice, which
Is but a short distance from the Samp
son home, was crowded. The bride's
gown was white satin, cut en train and
trimmed with real lace and chiffon. A
long veil of white tulle, fastened with
orange blossoms, completed the costume.
She carried white roses and lilies of the
valley. Miss Hannah W. Sampson, sis-
U-.- o". the bride, was maid of honor. Miss
Klgie Lvme of Connecticut and Miss An
nie Davis of West Point were the brides-
Mrs. Sampson entered the church es
corted by her two littl<- sons. Miss Han
nah Sampson, the bridesmaid, entered
first of the bridal procession. Following
her was Admiral Sampson, with the bride
luiniim oo his arm. At the altar the
party was met by Mr. Scott. The us' ers
were Lieutenants R. C. Smith. U. S. N.;
R "\V Jackson, U. S. N.; Ensign W. T.
Clavering, U. S. N.; W. W. Herschell, H.
1.. Parker and F. A. Cleveland.
Fellow im 1 the church service a rocep
;i(in was held at the Sampson home.
Among thi presenta to the young couple
were a silver salad bowl and a set Of silver
Buoons from the officers of the cruiser
New York. Mr. and Mrs. ScJtt will re
side in Now York City.
— ♦ —
Foster Has Pneumonia.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The illness
frnm which ex-Secretary of State John
\\". Foster ia suffering has taken a turn
for the worse and it is feared to-night
that pneumonia has developed. JUiHt
night the patient was very restless and
to-day h;id a severe coughing spell, whtch
w< akened him.
Death of Joseph Day.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 4.— This afternoon
Sonoma County lost one of her prominent
agriculturist's, Joseph Day, who died at
his home at Bellevue, near Santa Rosa.
He was a native of Ohio.
TREATY OF PARIS
I N THE SENATE
Duly Submitted by the
President.
AND REFERRED TO COMMITTEE
TERMS OF PEACE WILL THERE
FORE BE CONSIDERED SOON.
Both Branches of Congress Adjourn
Out of Respect to the Memory
of the Late Senator
Morrill.
Special Dlsratf-h to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The first
session of the Senate after the holidays
occupied only fourteen minutes, al
though in that brief time two open ses
sions and one executive session were
held. ■
The galleries were filled with specta
tors before the Senate convened, the
general expectation being that the
i peace treaty would be presented. The
Senatorial members of the Peace Com
j mission appeared on the floor and were
given a hearty greeting by their col
leagues.
In the absence of the Vice President,
Frye of Maine, the president pro tern,
called the Senate to order.
The chaplain in his invocation said:
"We come together under a sense of
bereavement by the absence of the
Benior Senator of Vermont, whose wise
counsel and loving presence shall no
more enrich the proceedings in this
chamber. We Mess Thee, «i Lord, for
his noble life; for his example to all
men, ami we pray that his spirit may
ever abide within these walls."
Scarcely had the clerk begun to read
the journal of the last session of the
Senate when Davis moved that the
further reading be dispensed with. The
motion prevailed.
Frye, who was in the chair, immedi
ately recognized Major Pruden, as
sistant secretary of the President, who
presented a message from the President
of the United States. The message con
tained the treaty o£ Paris, on motion
of Davis the Senate then went into ex
ecutive session in order that the treat>
might he referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
In a few minutes the Senate recon
vened in open session and Allison an
nounced the death of Senator Morrill.
The usual resolutions were adopted and
as a mark of further respect the Sen
ate adjourned until to-morrow.
Laws for Alaska Considered.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The House
spent to-day considering the bill to de
fine and punish crimes in Alaska and
provide a code of criminal procedure for
the Territory. Sixty-seven pages were
completed to-day and the bill wan made
a continuing order until disposed of,
not, however, to interfere with appro
priation bills or other special orders.
The Hou.se adjourned out of respect to
the memory of the late Senator Mor
rill.
Senator Davis Again Chosen.
ST. PAUL. Jan. 4.— The Republican
members of the two houses of the Legis
lature met in caucus to-night to nominate
a successor to United States Senator
Cushman K. Davis, chairman of the Sen
ate Foreign Relations Committee and
American Peace Commissioner to Paris
Jhe caucus was an entirely formal af
fair, there being no opposition, and the
Republicans having a majority o£ ninety
on joint ballot in the Legislature The
roll was called to allow all to be record
ed, resulting in 127 votea for Senator Da
vis, that being the number present at tie
caucus. The chairman w;'s Instructed la
notify Sentor Davis by telegraph of the
action of the caucus.
No Opposition to Hale.
AUGUSTA, Me., Jan. 4.— The general
Republican caucus of the Legislature was
held In the hall of the House to-night to
nominate State officials, seven Councillors
and a United States Senator. It was fully
attended and most harmonious and en
thusiastic. It was a foregone conclusion
that Senator Eugene Hale would be
luimed to succeed himself, all idea of op
position having vanished. The nomination
was made by a grand chorus of ayes
Hale made a strong speech of thanks
clearly explaining his attitude on the is
sues of the day.
Harmony Alliance .
Harmony Alliance No. 15, S. P. A. of
America, has elected the following named
as its officers for the ensuing term: John
Ganey, president; William Collins, senior
vice-president; Robert Wilson iunior
vice-president: Joseph O'Brien, recording
secretary; H. Caveney, corresp Hiding
secretary; Charles J. Collins, flni
secretary; Charles Sheahan, trea:
Thomas McKeon, conductor; V. Session,
sergeant-at-arms; J. Conran, M.D., physi
cian; Tianiil Collins. D. Fitzgerald and
John Kearns. trustees; Thomas McKeon,
James J. Dunne. Charles 1.. Sheanan and
Maurice Corridan, delegates to the State
Council.
TRACING THE NEW
YORK POISONER
Police Have Men Under
Surveillance.
LOOKING FOR A LIGHT BEARD
THE WEARER PROBABLY THE
SLAYER OF MRS. ADA]ViS.
The Deadly Cyanide of Mercury Sent
to Cornish by Some Enemy
of the Young
Athlete.
Precial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— ThP police have
three men under surveillance in con
nection with the Adams-Cornish poi
soning and would have arrested one or
all of them had it not been for the fact
that none of these suspects has a light
heard. Miss Miller, the saleswoman
who sold the match holder in Newark,
is positive that the purchaser had a j
light beard. It is said that should the!
police discover that any of the suspects
purchased a false beard an arrest )
wruld immediately follow and that the
police would then believe that they had j
a good chance to secure the conviction
v£ Mrs. Adams' murderer.
Professor Wltthaus, who has been I
analyzing the contents of the bottle out
of which Mrs. Adams drank, to-day
made his report to the District Attor- I
ney. Professor Witthaus said defl
ly that the poison in the bottle sent t<>
Cornish was cyanide of mercury and
that he believes the sender <•!' the poi
son must have been eithei a < Ivinist or
one with an intimate knowledge of
chemicals. Professor Witthaus a Is..
says that the bottle containing the pdl- '
son was not a bromo-seltzer bottle,
though a label taken from a regular
bromo seltzer bottle had been pasted !
over this hottle.
All the suspects are said to be men
who had g: udges against Cornish.
Detective Captain McCluaky has
given out a statement made by Dr.
Henry Beaman Douglas relative to his
treatment of H. < '. Barnett of the 1
Knickerbocker Athletic Club, who died
in November, 18;<S, ten days after hav
ing partaken of a powder which he had
received from some unknown person
through the mails. Mr. Barnett was
treated by Dr. Douglas, who declared i
that he was suffering from diphtheria.
Interest in the case was revived on ac
count of the death of Mrs. Kate Adams
from partaking of a portion "!' the con
tents <ff a bottle Bent to Harry Cornish
at the Knickerbocker Club by some un- i
known person. Following are extracts'
from Dr. Douglas 1 statement: i
On October 30, 1898, was summon. .1 to
Bee Mr. Barnett at ti:- 1 Knickerbocker
Athletle Club. Mr. Barnett said tha
felt badly and had a sore throat. [ ex
amined his ti.roat and found Inflamma
tion of the right tonsil, the adjoining
parts and the uvula. This part wa.s cov
ered with a memnrane. His pulse was
about 90, liis temperature about 99. He
stated on the day previous he had been
In with his throat ami haii taKen a small :
quantity of powder from a box which had
been sent him in the mails— evidently a
sample box of Kjitnow'a nwder. After
taking "i's nowaer he hail Immediately
ejected it from his stomach and had vom- ■,
it. ii pretty thoroughly.
The diphtheria ran the usual course, the
membrane disappeared from his throat
and he was considered convalescent from
the dii>h*'"^-'a. About thirty-six hours
before he died he despite my instruc
tions and the objections of the nurse. In
sisted upon going to the toilet and re
mainei! there about half an hour.
Upon returning to bed his heart be
came weaker and I was called to see him.
He was suffering from symptoms of heart
failure, and this continued up to the time i
of his death. Mr. Barnett had ho bad
feeling from his stomach. His pulse was
good ami Btrong, he was not confined to
his, bed and ho had no vomiting. He
stated that he was a fool for taking any
thing that came In the mail, but thai he
was in the habit of taking Kutnow's pow
ders, and the mailed box was bandy.
During- the course of his diphtheria,
while he had neither diarrhoea nor vomit
ing: for the lirst few days, his tongue be
came sore and the edges of his gums also,
which Intimated slight symptoms of mer
curial poisoning. I to.k the box contain
ing the powder he had taken to Dr. Elli
son, who, in my presence, mad- tests
which satisfied him that the powder con
tained cyanide of mercury. In the inter
vening week before Mr. Barnett died he
had no symptoms which could be attrib
uted to mercurial poisonin sore
mouth. At no time did h" present any
symptoms of cyanide poisoning, and the
only evidence of any mercurial poisoning
was such as any man might have devel
oped after taking a medicinal dose of cal
omel, t believe that Mr. Barnett died of
heart failure following diphtheria, which
heart failure was brought >m by undue
exertion. I do not believe any mercurial
poison contributed in the least to cause
his death.
Captain McCluskey had in his posses
sion the sample package containing the
remainder of the Kutnow powders,
which Mr. Barnett had left when he
died. This package was sealed, and
Captain McCluskey said that he would
give the bottle, as it was given to him
to-day, Dr. Witthaus the exnert
chemist.
In speaking of the sending of the
two poisoned packages of powders, one
to Barnett and one to Cornish. Captain
McCluskey said: "The same party sent
the two poisons, it seems to me."
He refused to discuss the case in any
of its phases, but said that he did not
expect to effect any arrest in the case
at once. _______^___
"GYP" HEAVILY FINED
FOR AN ALLEGED LIBEL
Assertions in a Recent Book About
Senator Trarieux Cost Her Five
Thousand Francs.
PARIS. Jan. 4.— A civil court hap mulct
ed the ("omtcsse de Martel, the well
known writer over the noni de plume >f
"Gyp," in 5000 francs damages and c< -ts
tor publishing in a recent book a libel
against Senator Trarieux, the former
Minister of Justice.
The libel was an assertion by " ;■> i>"
that M. Trarieux became ;i Protestant
in order to contract n rich mar:i:
The Comtesse continued in co- versa
tlons to fulminate against the Jews, who.
she says, should be driven not i nly cut
of Paris, but out of the country. '••The
rich .Tow.-:." she assorts, "are n uch less
popular than formerly. Many sa ona have
l.f->-!i closed against them, while Jewish
receptions and marriages with Jews are
b< coming unpopular."
She further predicts a social and polit
ical revolution in l'uris. "as it is Impos
sible that the Republican regime should
continue."
PROOF "LARGELY MORAL."
Connection of Bresnes With the
Blowing Up of the Maine.
HAVANA. Jan. 4.— Senor Recido Ar
nauta y Hernandez, editor of El Recon
centrado, issued to-day a third attack
upon his old enemy, Zacarias Bresnes,
whom, with three others, ho accuses of
blowing up the United Stales battle-shiD
Maine. Bresn.es, who la a lawyer and
politician, sailed for Spain about two
weeks ago. The Installments of the story
thus far have been devoted to the felon es
and treacheries of Bresnes. The editor
tells his readers to be patient, as in due
time they will pet the facts regarding
the Maine explosion. He describes his
proof as "largely moral."
ORGANIZED TO
DEFEAT QUAY
Action of the Dissenting
Republicans.
WILL TIE UP THE ELECTION
ANXIOUS TO HAVE CRIMINAL
CHARGES PASSED UPON.
Those Who Failed to Attend the Leg
islative Caucus Issue an In
teresting Address to the
Public.
Special Disrm-h to The Call.
HARRISBrRG, Pa.. Jan. 4.— The Re
publican Senators and members who
Bigned th- pl< Ige not to take part in
lasl night's Sei I lUCUS organized
to-day to keep up the fight against Sen
ator Quay until after the Supreme
Court has disposed ■ t the People's Bank
conspiracy case. The meeting was at
tended by nearly all the signers and
two others, who did not sign, but kept
away from the cau< us.
General William H. Koenbe of Som
called th- meeting to order and
named Senator William Flynn of Alle
gheny for chairman and Senator I.
Henry of Philadelphia and Representa
tive Robert K. Young of Tioga for
secretaries. Senator Flynn said there
was no necessity for holding a Sena
torial caucus last night and that so
long as those who stayed away stood
together there could be no election of a,
l'nit,-.i States Senator. What he wanted
was more light on the pending charges
against Senator Quay, to ascertain
whether or not he was a proper person
to be elected to the United States
Senate.
A committee was appointed to take
charge of the work of organization.
The committee issued an address in
which it states:
In our present attitude we are prompted
by what we believe to be the bent inter
esi hi our party and State. We believe
thai a. Republican Senator should and will
be elected, and that no combination of
circumstanci s can prevent it. We be
lieve that the unquestioned sentiment of
the Republicans of the commonwealth is
si taking action that might result
in the election of a person as rnit^d
Senator who is chared with crime
before his Innocence is established in a
court of Justice, and that thf failure to
determine that question prior to this time
ir- due t" tin 1 act of the alleged caucus
nominee in delaying trial and not to any
act of ours. we feel that in justice to
tlic public ami our own sense of selr
t and duty we arc justified in ro
fusing to be committed to any proposi
tion that mierht cast a stigrma upon our
commonwealth anil our own integrity as
citizens and legislators.
Feeling that we art- sustain^ in our po
sition by th.- unbiased svntimom of the
we deem it unwise to vote for any
person for United States Senator who is
duly char?' <1 with 'Time so long as these
charges remain undetermined. "We can
not justify ourselves tor voting for any
!>• rnun for office who is Indicted f'>r crimi
nal offense and who simply alleges that
h.. is the victim of a political conspiracy.
We believe that the public, as well as
ourselvt s, is not Interested in the motives
of the person making these charges, but
rather in the truth or the falsity of these
Charges. Kntertaiiiing these views, we
submit our action to the unprejudiced
judgment of our fellow citizens.
SUES HIS EMPLOYEE,.
Thomas Watson Asked to Account for
His Profits.
Albert L. Behneman filed suit yester
day against Thomas Watson to recover
i lleged to be due as salary and $700
i commission. Behneman avers that he en
tered Watsons employ January 1. 1898,
.:.- cashier and salesman, with the under
standing that he was to receive a salary
• of 573 a montb and 10 per cent of Wat
son's nei profits during the year. Behne
: man remained with Watson until October.
when he wns discharged. He now seeks
to recover salary for three months, and
asks that Watson be compelled to account
for his profits, which, it is alleged.
amounted to $7iXK), and pay him 10 per
cent thereof.
The Water Was Boiling.
T. J. Roberts has sued W. R. Hearst
to recover $5000 damages for personal in
juries. Plaintiff alleges that on January
6, 1897, while he was employed in the en
gine room of the Examiner his foot
slipped and plunged into an uncovered
excavation which was filled with boiling
water. He avers that his foot and leg
were badly injured: hence the suit.
Fell Headlong From His Wagon.
A. Edinger. agent for F. Bertin's dye
ing and cleaning works, fell from the seat
of his wagon to the pavement yesterday
morning on Post street, near Franklin
street, and was picked up dead. He was
49 years old and leaves ;t widow and sev
eral children in Berkeley. Heart disease
wa.s the cause of death.
Do you feel that it is impossible for you
to get buck that groat rosy manhood of
which you were once so proud? It is
because you have been fooled often and
often— now isn't it? Think!
IsTot
A single inch of you feel? as well as it
might to at this moment, and yet if you
would but be wise, instead of trying to
I see how very foolish you can berthings
would be very different.
Try
What memory you have; what vim is
there; how much sleep do you get;
those tell-tal. spots before the eyes;
and that eternal fear of an as/lum of a
grave. Do you persuade yourself that
you are well?
Tlie
Man who won't try to get well ought to
be let alone perhaps, but the grand
rs of the Hudson Medical Institute
have patience with all people Go
there, ask what has been done for
others by
GREAT HUDYAN,
Tirculars and testimonials as free, as
air to you. and |f your b; ,,, u] is u t of
order ask or write for "SO-day Blood
Cure Truth."
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
GET HUDSON DOCTORS' ADVICE FREE.AT LAST AGUINALDO
SHOWS HIS TEETH
WILL RESIST
AMERICANS BY
ARMED FORCE
Otis Is Watching Him
Closely.
MAY BE A PRISONER NOW
REPORT THAT WAR IS ON AT
MANILA.
Cipher Dispatches Received From the
Philippines Have Created the
Wildest Consternation in
Administration Circles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—
Administration circles were
thrown into consternation by the
receipt of a dispatch from Gen
eral Otis to-night giving the de
tails of a plot among the Fili
pinos, under the leadership of
Aguinaldo, to resist American
control in the Philippine Islands
by force of arms if necessary.
Owing to the reticence of the
•als little beyond that hinted
at above can be learned regard
lie contents of Otis' dispatch.
That it was deemed of great im
portance is evidenced by the fact
that upon its receipt at the War
Department it. was ordered im
mediately transcribed from the
ripher and taken at once to the
White Mouse for submission to
i he President by General Corbin.
At the War Department it was
ordered asserted that Otis had
Aguinaldo under surveillance,
but at what point the dispatch
didn't set forth. It was given as
an opinion, however, that the in
surgent leader is at Malolos,
where he had called the insurgent
Congress to meet on Thursday,
which is to-day in that longitude.
Why, if Aguinaldo's influence
is feared or if he is believed to be
inciting the natives to insurrec
tion, he is not under arrest, is not
explained. In fact, it is believed
by army officers that Aguinaldo
has been arrested and that the
revolution or insurrection against
American authority is really on,
and that this portion of Otis' dis
patch is being withheld from the
public.
There is much gossip in mili
tary circles regarding the ability
of Otis and Miller to hold their
own against the insurgents if in
reality an uprising has occurred.
In a dispatch last night Otis ex
pressed the utmost confidence in
being able to cope with Agui
naldo's army should a conflict oc
cur and said his force was large
enough to meet any emergency.
His sending the First Califor
nia Regiment to reinforce Miller
nt Iloilo is taken here as proof
that reports of the size of the Fil
ipino army on the island of Lu
zon have been exaggerated.
General Otis has now at Manila
19,000 men. and it is regarded as
certain that he would not have
reduced his force if Aguinaldo's
army had been larger than his.
The insurgents suffered great
ly in effective strength through
the capture by Dewey of the
steamer Abbey, with 400,000
stands of arms and ammunition
for Aguinaldo.
It is not denied here that Agui
naldo has plenty of men, but the
War Department is counting as
effective, in the event of a clash,
only those Who carry rifles.
When a military official was
asked to-night ■ how many men
Aguinaldo had in the vicinity of
Manila he said:
• "It is pretty hard to tell where
the army leaves off and the mob
begins."
If any notice was received from
Otis up to midnight that he had
issued his proclamation to the
Filipinos it was not made public,
and at the War Department,
when told that The Call had a
cable to the effect that the proc
lamation had been madej it was
THE FILIPINOS MUST
LAY DOWN THEIR ARMS.
MAXILA, Jan. 4.— A1l is quiet here. The American troops which arrived
at lloilo have not landed. They are awaiting instructions. The native gov
ernment is firmly established there.
The merchants all desire that the Americans shall plant a firm govern
■ ment in the islands.
A proclamation, based on the cabled instructions by the President, was
Issued by General Otis at 5 o'clock this evening. The proclamation says it is
' the intention of the United States to draw from the Filipinos as much of the
military force of the islands as possible and to seek the establishment of a
most liberal government, in which the Filipinos will have as full representa^
• tion as maintenance of law and order will permit.
No mention is made of the kind of government to be established, or of
' the number of representatives the Filipinos will be allowed to have, two points
" on which the natives are extremely anxious for information. The proclama
. tion is also indefinite on other points.
A demand is made that the Filipinos lay down their arms, but no date is
• set for them to do so.
said that while it might be true
it was considered doubtful, as it
was not believed Otits would
take such an important step with
out informing the home Govern
ment of it.
Otis' plan, as outlined in dis
patches received yesterday, was
to publish the proclamation in
pamphlet form and distribute it
at all important places, including
Malolos, where the delegates to
the Filipino Congress were to
gather, in order that the latter
might be fully informed of the in
tentions of the American Gov-'
ernment before taking any action
in the matter of sanctioning
Aguinaldo in further opposition
to American control.
The Navy Department re
ceived dispatches from Dewey to
night, but according to the story
given to the press these related
only to sending war vessels to
the ports of the Philippines to an
nounce the assertion of American
control.
THE CALIFORNIA BOYS
NOT HOMEWARD BOUND
Call Office, Rlggs House.
Washington, D. C. Jan. 4.
When the formal order was to-day
issued mustering out the Eighth Cali
fornia Regiment and companies B and
C of the California Heavy Artillery the
Adjutant General said incidentally th.it
nothing- definite could be saM t s to the
First California Infantry, now at M.i
nila or Iloilo. The regulars are ex
pected to leave New York in a week or
ten days. It was expected that several
of the regiments of volunteers at Ma
nila would be relieved upon their ar
rival, and that the First California
would be among these. But the
trouble with the insurgents, especially
at Iloilo, may change the situation.
The department hopes that these
troubles will be speedily settled, but
ti;- officials have no Information upon
which to predicate an opinion of the
real situation there. The officials are
anxiously awaiting advices and honing
that those advices will show a chance
for the better.
It is the general opinion, however,
that a conflict cannot be avoided if the
United States forces attempt to land
at Iloilo. Of course a landing could
have been effected by force at any time
the forts were shelled, the city re
duced and the insurgents driven out.
Such a course, however, is just what
this Government is most desirous of
avoiding, and consequently General
Miller has used only conciliatory meas
ures in dealing with the natives.
In the meantime, however. Aguinaldo
has been scouring the adjoining islands
fnr native reinforcements, which have
poured Into Iloilo every day. greatly
Increasing the army there. It is thought
now that should General Miller attempt
to land in spite of the prohibition of
the native chiefs a bloody battle might
ensue.
The last dispatch received at the War
Department from General Otis an
nounced that he would send the First
California Regiment to reinforce Gen
eral Miller. The published dispatches
from Manila this morning announced
that this had been done. The regiment
was embarked on the transports Cam
pania and Maritima and convoyed to
Iloilo by the gunboat Concord.
This action of General Otis was some
what of a surprise to department offi
cials, as he had been instructed to do
nothing which would weaken his force
at Manila. He was not absolutely
bound by those instructions, however,
and the fact that he has sent reinforce
ments to General Miller is thought to
indicate that he regards the situation
at Qoilo as Berious. General Miller has
now something over : j ,000 men under
him. The cruiser Baltimore is the flag
ship of the small naval detachment
there, which is commanded by Captain
D y er - * i
The Insurgent forces numbered only
about 1500 when the city was turned
over to them by the Spaniards, but they
have been greatly augmented since. It
is feared that Aguinaldo is organizing
his forces t<> resist Americans wherever
resistance is possible, and a dispatch
announcing that a conflict had taken
place would cause little surprise at any
time.
THE SPANIARDS DENY
CHARGE OF BAD FAITH
MADRID, Jan. 4.— The statement that
the Spaniards evacuated Iloilo in order
to render the situation difficult for the
Americans is positively denied. The
Government, immediately after the
treaty had br-.i signed, ordered the
Philippines evacuated as quickly as
possible, in order to avoid further
bloodshed and to conform to the ex
pressed wish of the Americans, who
were very exacting, especially in the
case of Cuba.
An interview with an ex-prefect of a
province of the Philippines is published
here, in the course of which he is quoted
as saying:
"President McKinley has shown com
plete ignorance of the situation in the
Philippines. When the Americans oc
cupied Manila there were only four in
surgent provinces. The Americans en
couraged the revolution and now they
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
themselves are the victims of the sup
port which they gave the insurgents,
who have become masters of the entire
archipelago except Alindanao, where
the natives, who are Mussulmans, re
fuse to recognize American rule al
though they have not revolted.
"Aguinaldo's unpopularity is due to
his friendship for the Americans. His
treatment of the Spanish prisoners has
been horrible. Monks have been
marched through the streets led by
cords attached to rings through their
noses and others have been employed
literally as beasts of burden. A thou
sand have died of ill-treatment."
SWORD OF HONOR
FOR ADMIRAL DEWEY
NEW YORK Jan. 4.— The sword of
honor to be presented at the direction
of Congress to Rear Admiral Dewev. as
a national recognition of his victory at
Manila, has been completed by Tiffany
& Co., and will be shipped to Waphlng
t"ii on Saturday.
TESTIMONIAL RACE MEET
BY GOTHAM CYCLE CLUBS
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— A testimonial race
meet was held by the cycle clubs of
Greater New York at Madison-square
Garden to-night.
Charles Hatfleld of Newark and W. F.
Sanger of Denver won two successive
heats in a tandem match race from the
Kracmer brothers of Chicago very clev
erly.
Harry Elkos of Glens Falls, the holder
of the world's hour record, tried conclu
sions with Harry Gibson of Cincinnati
and Joe Downey of Boston, who rode a
tandem. They rode three heats of half a
mile each. Elkes started from the oppo
side of the track in the first heat and
won by two yards. In the other two
heats, in which both machines were start
ed from the same spot, was won by the
youngsters on the tandem. Summary:
Two-mile pursuit race, professional,
won by Nat Butler, Boston; Oscar Hed
strotn, Brooklyn, second. Time, 4:21.
One mile scratch, professional, final
heat won by Al Newhouse. Buffalo; R,
A. Miller. New York, second; Jledstrom
third. Time, 2:20.
Tandem pursuit race, professional, won
by Henshaw and Kent; Leonard and
Nt-whause second. Distance 13? i laps.
Time, 2:52Vi.
Tandem match race, professional, best
two out of three heats— First heat won by
Charles Hadfield of Newark and "\Y. F.
Sanper of Denver, Kraemer brothers of
Chicago second. Time. 2:13. Second heat
won by H;uln>ld and Sander. Time. 2:07.
Half-mile match race, best two out "f
three heats, between single machine and
tandem— Firs* heat won by Harry Elkes
of Glens Falls. Harry Gibson of <'lncin
nati and Joe Downey of Boston second. ■
Time. 1:03. Second heat won by Gibson
and Downey. Time, 1:07. Third heat won
by Gibson and Downey. Time, 1:15 3-5.
♦
Loud's Latest Postal Bill.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 4. — Chairman
Loud of the House Postoffice Committee
to-day submitted a favorable report on
his bill to amend the postal laws relating
to second class mall matter. A similar
bill passed the House in 1897, but failed in
the Senate. It provides that books or re
prints of books in serial form shall pay
one cent for two ounces instead of one
cent per pound; publications of institu
tions of learning are placed on the same
footing as other periodicals, instead of
being privileged. The report submitted
with the former bills is made to apply to
this one.
Hungarian Crisis Ended.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— The Vienna corre
sponent of the Standard says: The Hun
garian crisis is virtually ended. I believe
that Baron Banffy, the Premier, ha? ar
rived at a compromise with the opposi
tion leaders and -is coming to Vienna to
submit his proposals to the Emperor. If
these are approved he will resign and the
Cabinet will be reconstructed probably
with the same members, except that
Baron Banffy will retire from the Pre
miership in favor of Baron Qeza Fejer
vary, Minister of National Defense, or
some other Minister.
Combination of Salmon Packers.
ASTORIA, Jan. 4.— lnstructions were re
ceived from A. B. Hammond at New York
to-day to proceed with the Incorporation
of the Columbia River Packing Associa
tion. The company will conßisi of a com
bination of all the important salmon
packers on the Lower Columbian River
It will be capitalized at $2,000,(Mi0, and its
principal offices will be located at As
toria.
Navy Secretary's Estimates.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The Secretary
of the Navy lias transmitted to Congress
an estimate of $141,500 for the improve
ment of the navy-yards at Boston, Key
West and Mare Island. The Secretary of
the Treasury also presented an additional
estimate of $350,u00 for maintenance of the
Bureau of Printing and Engraving and
the Secretary of War an estimate of $100,
--000 for a new hospital at Fort Leavun
worth, Kans.
Don Carlos and His Cause.
MADRID, Jan. 4.— El Correo Kspanol,
Carlist organ, says: We are authorized
to declare that Don Carlos would never
further his cause by arranging for the
cession of an inch of Spanish territory.
The papers are evidently beginning to
abandon the idea that there Is any un
derstanding between the Government and
the Carlists.
Fell Into a Chasm.
LONDON, Jan. s.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: An
American named Boynton, who is trying
to travel around the earth without money,
met with a terrible fall into a chasm
while entering France by night through
the Pyrenees. He was seriously injured.
Wine Too Old for Use.
The wine which was bequeathed by Sir
Charles Trevelyan in trust to the late Sir
I-Jfiijamin Richardson, the destiny of
which is to be decided in the law courts,
comprises about 144 dozen. It was left to
Sir Benjamin for scientific purposes, but
nothing has ever been done with it, and
is at present warehoused In London. Some
of it is very old and valuable, so old, in
deed, that it Is said to be no longer of ac
count as a beverage, and it is reported
that Sir Charles Trevelyan once refused
£3000 for the contents of his cellar
Among the wine is some port which went
down in the Royal George, and was recov
ered many years ago from the wreck of
thnt ill-fated man-of-war. — London
Chronicle.
COST OF THE BIG
ARMY PROPOSED
Figures Submitted on
the Hull Bill.
NEARLY SIXTY MILLIONS MORE
HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS MAKE
ESTIMATES.
According to the Measure to Reor
ganize the Military Establish
ment, the Troops Would Cost
$82,052,865 Yearly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The cost of
the proposed military establishment
under the Hull bill reported to the
House, as compared with the present
regular military establishment, not
counting the volunteer forces incident
to the war, is shown in letters sent by
Adjutant General Co-rbin to Chairman
Hull of the House Military Committee.
It gives the present cost of the regular
army at $24,443,480; cost under the pro
posed bill, $52,053,865; increase of cost,
$57,710,231.
The cost as applied to the three main
departments of the army is as follows:
Quartermaster's department, present
cost, $7,107,000; propped, $40,013,246.
Subsistence department, present cost,
$2,739,775; proposed cost. $10,148,478.
Pay department, present cost, $14,496,
--659; proposed cost, $31,891,943.
General Corbin incloses letters from
Quartermaster General Ludington,
Commissary General Eagan and Pay
master General Stanton showing the
details of the comparison. The main
items of increase in the quartermaster's
department are:
Transportation, from $2,300,000 to $17,
--700,000; clothing and equipment, from
$975,000 to $5,952,246; regular supplies,
from $1,800,000 to $7,200,000; barracks,
quarters and military posts, from
$1,170,000 to $4,000,000; hospitals, $90,000
to $360,000; incidental expenditures,
$600,000 to $2,400,000.
General Eagan gives the Increased
cost of each branch of the service, in
cluding active, sick and convalescent.
General Stanton says the pay esti
mate does not cover the 20 per cent to
enlisted men during time of war or the
proposed 25 per cent to those serving in
distant lands.
MAJOR ESTERHAZY
SUMMONED TO APPEAR
Will Be Free From Arrest While
Going To and Coming From.
Paris.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— Major Comte Ferdinand
Walsin Ester hazy, now known to be the
I author of the Dreyfus bordereau, has
| been summoned to appear before the
I Court of Cassation on January 12. It is
understood that though no formal un
dertaking has been given, he will be freo
from arrest coming and going.
It is expected that the Dreyfus deposi
i tlons will be received on Saturday from
Cayenne, and the court will then decide
whether his actual presence is necessary
in Paris. It is believed, however, that the
whole examination will be conducted by
telegraph, at an enormous expense, in or
der to avoid dangerous manifestations
here.
"IT'S ABSURD," SAYS
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
Says the Pope Would Not Interfere in
His Appointment to the Peace
Conference.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— A St. Paul special
to the Herald says: "It's absurd," said
Archbishop Ireland to-night, referring to
the dispatch that came from the London
Daily Mail saying that the Pope would
not allow him to accept an appointment
by President McKinley to the St. Peters
burg peace conference, because the Vati
can was not to b<: represented there.
"I have not been appointed by the Pres
ident to go to St. Petersburg," he said.
"Secondly, if I had been appointed it is
absurd to suppose the Holy Father would
say a word about it."
To Support French Interests.
BERLIN, Jan. 4.— The Lokal Anz^iper
says that the Russian representative at
Peking has been ordered to support
French interests in China "as energeti
cally as though they were Russian."
SOAPY SMITH'S
IMITATOR LYNCHED
AT EAGLE CITY
Jack Jolly, Sa!oon=Keeper and
Desperado, Is Given Short
Shrift by Enraged
Miners.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 4.— W. Devine of San Francisco, who
arrived here direct from Dawson to-night on the steamer Rosalie,
says that Jack Jolly, the wealthiest gambler and saloon-keeper in
the northern gold fields, was lynched on December 11 by a vigilance
committee of Eagle City, Alaska.
The story of Jolly's death is full of dramatic incidents. He at
tempted with a gang of reckless men to be the "Soapy" Smith of Eagle
City. As robbery after robbery occurred in his saloon sober-minded
miners warned him that he was going too far. He laughed at them,
and finally they formed themeslves into a vigilance committee. Jolly
was given forty-eight hours to leave town. He dared the vigilance
committee to drive him out and called his gang around him. Fifty
minors, fully armed, surrounded his hotel on December 9 and de
manded his surrender. Jolly's followers abandoned him, and after a
bloodless struggle the desperado was captured. He was taken to a
tree near his saloon and was given three minutes to say his prayers.
Curses were his answer.
The end came quickly. A noose was thrown around his neck and
while his thoroughly cowed gang watched from a distance he was
swung up, dying game to the last. According to Devine, Jolly has had
Eagle City in a state fo terror formonths. He defied the law and no
respectable man was safe in his saloon. Several Montana miners
commenced the agitation against him and the feeling of the better
element became so strong that it was known two months ago he
would either have to leave town or die. His tragic death caused a
sensation in Dawson, where he was reputed to be worth several hun
dred thousand dollars.
Jolly originally came from Nevada. He was a splendid specimen
of physical manhood and was a power among the reckless element
of the north on account of his extreme daring. Devine, with W. H.
"Walsh of Portland, left Dawson December 12, being the last to come
out. He made the record trip of the season, reaching Skaguay in
seventeen days.
0. »
/VS /W\ AFN r*\ /V\ /»% /t% JV\ f^» ST\ /»% /^ rV\ /TN /»N /T^ /▼% r»» "^ "i »*» rw^ <^> r*» »▼> fTI /fS /TV
CONCENTRATION OF
CUSTOMS MONEY
Excitement at Santiago
Uncalled For.
CUBANS ARE TO BE AIDED
COMMUNITIES CANNOT HAVE
ALL COLLECTED.
However, Proper Orders Have Been
Issued for the Belief of Dis
tress Existing in Various
Quarters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Regarding
the sensational reports from Santiago
that the whole province has been in
flamed by the recent order of the War
Department "concentrating all customs
money in Havana," thus threatening a
stoppage of all public improvements
and threatening to throw thousands of
Cubans out of employment, it may be
authoritatively stated that any excite
ment existing in Santiago is due to a
misapprehension of the War Depart
ment's order. It seems to have been
taken for granted that the order con
templates sending all currency collected
for customs dues to Havana, and thus
cutting off the Governor of Santiago
province from the employment of local
labor. The fact is that the officers in
charge of customs at the various i><>rts
of entry are merely ordered to "make
weekly reports to the collector of cus
toms of the island at the chief port of
all transactions at the sub-port over
which he may have jurisdiction, with
copies of entries of merchandise duly
certified."
The customs from all the ports of the
island are to be used for the benefit of
the Cubans, not only in Havana and
Santiago, but elsewhere.
Expenditures will be divided as equit
ably as possible, so as to- relieve dis
tress existing in various quarters. It
would be just as equitable, it is argued,
for the port of New York to retain all
the customs funds collected there for
expenditure on the island of Manhattan
as it would be for Havana or Santiago
or any other town In Cuba to gobble all
of the customs receipts for expenditure
within its own borders.
So far from the War Department
contemplating any curtailment of the
relief work In Cuba an order already
has been issued to the Governor Gen
eral directing him to furnish work to
every able-bodied Cuban applying for
it at a fair rate of weekly wages, meas
ured by Cuban standards. The order
suggests that the best lines of employ
ment are in sanitary work, road im
provement and municipal work of va
rious sorts.
It is intended to offer a chance for
remunerative work to all who are able
to take advantage of it and to cut off
the gratuitous distribution of rations
among those natives able to work for
what they eat. The employment con
templated will not be offered, however,
to any resident of the island who re
tains his allegiance to Spain.
A Boy Who Was Too Smart.
There's a youngster on Joy street who
hears things, remembers them and util
izes them in his own way at home.
The other night there was company
for dinner and Jimmie startled every one
when he thus tried to relieve a. brief si
lence:
"Papa you smell like a Chinese laun
dryman.
"What do you mean, you impudent
boy?" blurted out the father, both embar
rassed and angry.
"Through your rose, of course," and
Jimmy could hear laughter after he had
gone to bed under imperative orders.
Several weeks ago there was a meet
ing of charitably Inclined ladies at the
house and Jimmie entered in the midst of
their deliberattions. After listening long
enough to get the thread of the discussion,
he took a hand.
"Mamma," Jimmie interrupted, in a sad
voice, "I know a man not three blocks
from here that hasn't given his wife a
thing to eat for more than a week."
The good women went into a perfect
spasm of indignation, some of them go
ing fo far as to declare that the monster
should be lynched. But the mother was
suspicious of the demure look on Jimmies
face. "Who is this cruel man, my son?"
"Mr. Loner."
"Mr. I. oner." gasped the excited ladles,
"Why the dear old man has no wife and
never had."
When Jirninie received the slipper treat
ment an hour later he remarked that it
didn't seem safe to tell the truth.—De
troit Free Press.
CHOATE WILL GO TO
COURT OF ST. JAMES
Great Britain Ready to Welcome
the Talented New York Law
yer as an Embassador.
JOSEPH H. CHOATE.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 4. — The announcement was made to-day on the
highest authority that Hon. J. H. Choate of New York would be named as
Embassador to Great Britain. The nomination will not be sent to the Sen
ate for a few days, but those near the President say the delay does not in
dicate any possibility of a change in his plans.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The Daily Chronicle this morning refers editorially in
words of warmest welcome to the expected coming of Joseph H. Choate as
United States Embassador to Great Britain, describing him as "thoroughly
representing all elements in America."
REFORMS FOR
THE PRISONS
They Are Greatly Need
ed in Russia.
INSPECTION TOUR IN SIBERIA
COUNCILOR SALOMON DISCOV
ERS SHOCKING CONDITIONS.
Dismisses Many Officials for Cruelty
and Makes Recommendations
Which the Czar May
Adopt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. s.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
Privy Councilor Salomon of the pris
ons administration has just returned
here from a five months' tour of the
prisons and exile colonies of the Rus
sian Government in Siberia and the
island of Saghalien, on the east ec-ast
of Asia. He has furnished me with the
chief points of his report to the Czar.
Its leading feature is M. Salomon's
conclusion that banishment is useless
and undesirable as a punishment, be
cause it produces the complete moral
degradation of the exile.
Salomon found the prisons in Western
Siberia in fair condition, with no signs
of overcrowding or dirt, but in Eastern
Siberia the conditions were quite the
opposite. He found matters still worse
in Saghalien— prisoners badly treated,
prisons filthy and hospitals crowded
like pigsties. He dismissed two chief
directors of prisons for cruelty and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ■■■■■■■!■■■■■■■■■■■■■
km SI ffli
*^&s*^— JB fcp^x^ Wwl
MAN, PREPARE YOURSELF.
WHEN YOU EXPECT TO ENTER INTO AN UNDERTAKING WHICH
will require all your power as a man, you should get ready. Mentally and
physically you should feel at your best. If you have a weakness, cure It.
Make yourself what nature intended you to be— a perfect man.
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
This little book is full of plain truthful statements from men who have
gained health and strength from my Electric Belt. It also tells how I cure
men of all kinds of weakness. Electricity is the basis of manly power, and
when wasted it must be restored. I can restore it. Call and see me, or send
for my book, free. I send it closely sealed.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, * *
702 Market Street, Corner Eearny, San Francisco. HOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 —
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 232 West Dr. McLaughlin s Electric
Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington Belt Is never sold In . drug
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; stores nor by traveling agents; j
Dallas, Tex., 283 Main street; Butte. Mont., only at our office.
110 North Main street. * *
embezzlement and eighty minor officers
for cruelty.
He has drafted a comprehensive sys
tem of reforms in prison treatment,
greatly ameliorating existing condi
tions, providing payment for penal
work and facilities for settling In Si
beria on the expiration of sentence. Ha
believes his suggested reforms will be
speedily adopted by the Czar.
Was He BluffingP
At 4 o'clock one Friday afternoon not
long ago, as Mr. T. was busily engaged at
his desk in a downtown office, a man
walked in and inquired for Mr. 8., who
occupies a desk at the opposite side of the
same office. Mr. T. thought he recog
nized the man as an unwelcome caller.
When asked if Mr. B. was in, without
raising his eyes from the work before
him, Mr. T. answered, "No, he is not,"
whereupon the caller remarked that as ha
was not very busy he thought he would
sit down and wait.
At 5 o'clock he was still waiting.
At 5:30 still waiting.
A few minutes before 6 Mr. T. closed
his desk for the day and prepared to go
home. The caller ventured to ask if Mr.
B. was likely to return to his office again
that day. Mr. T. answered:
"No; he is in Buffalo, and will be back
next Tuesday morning."
The caller showed no anger. On tha
contrary i be smiled.
"Don't apologize," he said; "my. busi
ness was not important, and your •"office
has proved a pleasant lounging place.
Fact is," ho blandly added, "I suppose
I'm coming down with the smallpox, and
tho doctor told me I must stay indoors
and keep warm."
And now Mr. T. anxiously wonders
whether he was lying, or not.— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
Cheap Cars for Smokers.
The new electric tram service which
has been established by the Liverpool
Corporation was opened the other day for
passenger traffic. The line, which is
equipped on the overhead trolley system,
is about three miles in length, running
from the center of the city to the Dingle,
one of the southern suburbs. The cars,
of German make, run in couples— one for
smokers— and stop at stations about 200
yards apart, completing the journey in
twenty-five minutes. The fare is one
penny for smokers, and two-pence in tha
general cars. The traffic of the new line
was about treble that of the old horse car
scrvier, which was much more expensive.
The line has been constructed as an ex
periment to determine whether the over
head system whs suitable for the busy
streets in the center of the city before
establishing electric traction over tha
whole of the hundred miles of tram routes
within the city boundaries. — London
Telegraph.
56
THURSDAY JANUARY 5, 1899
- —
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A ! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1374.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) is
served by carriers In tljis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month J
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 pa£cs .One year, by mail. SI
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R!**s Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqoette Building '
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
i
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, osen until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o^lock- i
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Pol* street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner" Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
. Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
: California— Minstrel Jubilee.
Aleaxar- :. B«U."
■
■
The. Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
c .;O!ympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Metropolitan T.cr.irle— Rosenthal F:ano Recital.
.{Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Kace Track— Races.
'■'. • AUCTION SALES.
Pr Wm. G. Layrur— Saturday, January 7. Horses and '■'■>-
- hides, at 721 Ho«,uJ ?;teet.
— : i
GOVERNOR BUDD'S. MESSAGE.
GOVERNOR BUDD'S message is so long that
comparatively few people will read it. yet it ;
has sufficient strength to support its weight
and will well repay the attentive and careful study of
all who take an intelligent interest in public attairs.
Moreover, it is a message which can be read with
more than ordinary gratification, since it records no- ■
table reforms and improvements in the conduct of the ;
affairs of the commonwealth, and suggests others
which might be wisely adopted.
The salient- feature of the message is the showing
made ot increased economy in the State government.
To achieve this the Governor points out that his
vetoes for the sessions of 1895 and 1897. inclusive,
amounted to - ... and ot this sum he says over
lour millions is a saving to the people. The record is
one which the taxpayers as well as the Governor can
regard with no little satisfaction.
On the subject of taxation generally the mess -
has much to say, and a considerable space is given to
•suggestions in the direction of tax reform. Under
our present system the rate of the tax levy is in the
hands of the Board of Equalization rather than in that
of the Legislature. If the Equalizers place a high
valuation upon the property of the State the tax rate
required to raise p. given amount of revenue will be '
low in comparison with the rate required to raise an
equal sum if the valuation is lowered.
During the past four years the Equalizers have al
ternately lowered and raised the assessment, and the
Governor asserts that this year certain members of
the Board of Equalization "telegraphed to Boards of
Supervisors suggesting they ask for a reduction in j
the valuation in their counties, and many counties |
were reduced."' The evil resulting from such a condi
tion of affairs is stated as follows:
"A high tax rate is injurious to any State because •
people abroad, seeking investment, ask the rate, and ,
do not understand the causes that have led a Board of
Equalization to play battledore and shuttlecock with
State" Values. They do not understand the combinn
tions of Equalizers. They do understand, however, !
that'the constant shrinkage of values would ordinarily
indicate a retrogadir.g instead of a progressing State. ,
and that low tax rates destroy property as a basis for
loans "
The Call has pointed out the advantages which
would result from such a change in the laws as would
require Equalizers to be chosen by the people of the
State at large instead of by districts, and the facts sub
mitted by the Governor strengthen the argument for
the suggested reform. The message, however, advo
cates a wider innovation, and proposes a complete re
modeling of our tax system. Some striking instances
. are given to show the injustice of the present system
and the extentto which personal property escapes
taxation.
; . .Another important recommendation is the creation
c: -a" Central State Board, to consist of the Governor
•,and two State officers, to have general charge of mak
ing contracts for State buildings and to regulate sala
ries and number of employes, etc., in State institu
tions. Such a board would enab'e many- reforms to
be carried out which are now impossible because of
the lack of a: , authority to enforce them.
Hardly any department or branch of the State
government is overlooked in the message, and wher
ever evils are noted well considered reforms are sug
gested. It is a state paper which should be thor
oughly studied by. the legislators, for many of the re
commendations made ought to be carried out at this
session.
The present Board 'of Education has {he advan
tage of being displayed against the background of the
-rascality of the old set. If fairly honest, they will
shine as mode's of virtue by contrast, and if con
scientious and thorough they will be rated as but
little lower than the angels.
. There was no necessity for a Police Commissioner
• to*' say he had not read the statement of the intended
] raid on the police force in the interest of Dan Burns.
He merely exposes himself to the danger of not be
; ing believed.
.
'"'• Thank you. Professor Hammon. But now that the
'inauguration is over and there is no gold braid to be
endangered by rain, we could stand a few more
showers.
°, c Governor Gage, thinks papers are paid too much
.for the publication of constitutional amendments, but
he should remember that they print his speeches and
never charge a cent.
Governor Gage intends to keep the staff of his law
office together so as to be able to resume practice in
four years. ' Fortunately he was able to give a job to
each. - ;
.
* The plot against the police seems to have been in
jured by exposure.
GOVERNOR GAGES BOORISHNESS.
HENRY T. GAGE is now Governor of Califor
nia. The position is one exalted in station.
The incumbent has power to promote good
government, to advance economical methods, arul in
great measure to check the spoilsman. He can dis
courage corruption, overthrow abuses. He can
bring to the executive chair dignity, and be an honor
to the place which is an honor to him.
But because such rich opportunities present them
selves there doc? not follow a certainty that they will
be grasped. No assurance exists that an individual
will live measurably near to the ideal. Already it is
to be observed with regret that Governor Gage is too
small to boar well the trust imposed. A large man
regards himself as chosen to be the servant
of the people A small man swells to absurd propor
5, and fondly imagines that he buiges impress
ively. Or he can listen to the voice of the scheming
politician and think it the mandate of the party or the
commonwealth. These are errors into which Gage
seem? already to have fallen. Unless he taice steps to
extricate himself at once he will become hopelessly
! n-.ireJ.
When the editor of the Sacramento Bee sent to the
! Governor-elect for an advance copy of the inaugural
c benefit of the Associated Press Gage
: took : st, twisted it into a roll and asked if
McClatchy expected an answer. Being assured that
I he did. Gage replied. "I'll be if I give it."'
I on his heel and regarded the incident as i
■!. Yet by it he had made one active enemy and
nted all the leading papers of the State. Such
conduct was boorish, and boorishness comports ill
: with a governorship. Gage should have known that
even Presidents of the United States send out their
-iges in advance and never question but that
' faith wi'l be kept. When in his rambling speech of
eptance Gage had said lie would rather be Gov
i ernor of California than President of the nation peo- j
; pie supposed him to be indulging in figurative com
i pliments. He seems to have meant it. and to regard
self as awful and mighty. On the contrary, he is '
day - more his character is mani
■ • -he marvel at his fortune grow;.
There v. it Gage would
sny anyl - ue. His paucity of ideas, and the j
ungainly lumbei - f the vehicle of speech he em
s, excited pity during the campaign. The effort
t i get the address in advance was no tribute to him, |
but a perfunctory duty toward the office into which
he. has been projected. Nevertheless, he chose to re
gard it as a favor to be sought by cringing journal- .
ists, and in declining to grant it that he had scored a ;
triun ers as want to print the address!
will do so. In ability it will be given more
t ;i:^:i us , warrant, and thus the execu
tive conceit be augment* I. an unnecessary and de- j
plorable contingency.
THE FEDERAL BRIGADE.
THE Federal .ers who are absent from
their offices in this city in order to be present in
S ramento d tics for Dan Burns are
g themselves no credit and the national adminis
no good. They are doing harm to the party
■ nage they enjoy and are dishonoring it in
I [c whose votes gave it the
power to gr. c them ■ I
In so far as any of them pretend that their presence
ndicates the preference of the Presi
they are insulting the man whose commission
they bear. The President takes no part in the elec
tion of a Senator in California, and his own
appointees deserve rebuke for placing him in a false
; ■ tion.
Because these office-holders have received appoint
ts and are drawing salaries is no reason why they
should attempt to control the Senatorial choice of the
and force it to do an unclean thing. There is
not a decent man in California that does not know
that the election of Burns will inflict an injury upon
the Republican party from which it will not recover
f r years. What right, then, have these men to strike
; down the hopes which others have invested in future
: party success by an act which makes such success for
I a long time impossible?
Not only every self-respecting Republican who has
no wish for public office, but also every such Repub
lican who has ambitions that can be realized only by
future party victories, should say to these Federal
j ofrice-holdcrs that their presence in Sacramento on
' such an errand is an offense, an indecency, an affront
ito the party and an insult to the State. They should
:be ordered back to their offices to do the duty for
i -.vhich they are paid and which they neglect to engage
i in while cutting their party's throat
It is hinted that Burns has long tipped off races on
several tracks to certain of these office-holders,
in return go into hi the Senate. If this
. it is not only a reason why they should be or
dered home, but dismissed from their offices or sur
; rendered by their bondsmen. While they are paying
r racing tips the Federal
rt in this city is engaged in collecting $50,000 from
- I Welburn, who turned the Internal Rev
enue < >ffice into a mixture of racetrack, lottery agency
and assignation house.
This administration should see to it that the^e 01
--•:s are not repeated, and that the Federal service
is not dragged in the mire by such methods
These office-holders got enough when they got on
the payroll. Let them keep hands off the party
and attend to the duties for which they are paid.
A BOOM FOR GORMAN.
AS a result of the Wilson tariff and the Bryan
campaign for free silver the Democratic party
.en so weakened that when the next Con
■ eets there will be not a single straight Demo
crat in the Senate from the Northern States. Nor will
there be a solid Democratic representation from the
South, as the Republicans will have ten Senators from
tion. The conservative branch of the Govern
ment will be safely in the hands of Republicans, and
free trade and free silver are no longer issues of prac
tical politic?.
Under these circumstances it is natural the Demo
crat? should begin to look for a leader who is not
identified with either the free trade or the free silver
fiasco. Even among Democrats who believe in those
theories many are no longer in favor of making an
other fight for them. The Nashville American, for
example, says: "We are Democratic from headpiece
to footslug. but we believe we are sagacious enough
tn see a brick wall when it stands in our pathway."
and it adds: 'There is a chance for Democracy to
make a strong fight in 1900. but it is not by blindly
forcing leaders or issue? to the front that have been
rejected at the ballot-box."
In the general search for a new leader the atteiK
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JAyUARY 5, 1899.
tion of the Democrats is at this juncture directed
mainly toward Gorman, who has a fairly good record
on tariff and finance questions, but who, nevertheless,
stood with his party in the Bryan campaign. His
colleagues in the Senate are strongly in his favor, and
he seems to have considerable support throughout
the country.
In a recent interview published in the New York
Herald Senator Faulkner of West Virginia, after de
claring his opposition to the renomination of Bryan,
said: "I have in my mind a man whom I regard as the
ablest leader the Democratic party can boast of to
day. I do not care to mention his name, but he is
now a member of the United States Senate." It is
significant that in no quarter does there seem to be
any doubt who was meant by the statement, and
e*'ery comment on it has been a discussion of the
availability of Gorman as a Presidential candidate.
The suggestion has not been received with uni
versal approval even among those who wish a new
leader. The Nashville American, which itself favors
an abandonment of the free trade fight for the pres
ent., strangely enough objects to Gorman on the
ground that while he "is able, a good organizer, a
man of brains, he is not in accord with the general
Democratic doctrine of tariff for revenue only.' 1
The more serious objections to the suggestion,
however, are those based upon Gorman's record 2S
the political boss of Maryland. His practices there
were so corrupt as to force the better element of his
own party to revolt against him. That record would
be fatal to him as a candidate for the Presidency.
However able a leader and organizer he may be, he
is best known to the country as a machine politician,
and he is, moreover, without magnetic or other popu
lar qualities. He is undoubtedly the first choice of his
Senatorial colleagues, but the day when a clique of
Senators could nominate a President has gone by.
The Gorman boom, therefore, is perhaps much larger
now than it will be in 1900.
ONE of the most important matters of legisla
tion this winter is .- ;:.e measure for defense
of California forests against fire. When one
reflects upon the range and variety of interests de
pendent on our forests, the subject assumes an im
| pressive magnitude. The lumbering interest may be
temporary here, as it has been in Michigan, Wiscon
sin and Minnesota, or it may be made a permanent
interest by treating timber as a crop which may be
; harvested and grown. .' re and horticulture
i and mining depend on I i ervation of moisture
Iby preserving the forest shelter of the mountain
| slopes and plateaus. Without irrigation our raisin
' product and most of our orange output will be lost.
The raisin must be grown in a naturally arid region,
where the heat and dryness add sugar to the grape
and dry it to a raisin in the open air. The fruitfulness
• of the vine requires in such a situation ample irriga
i tion. The whoie crop of this State depends on irri
gation, and without it we would not grow en
raisins to pay for shipping to a market. The same is
true of the orange. It must have sun and dry air and
enough moisture at the root to make up for evapora
! tion from the foliage. Without this the fruit is small
and the rind thickens. Other important field nad
i forage crops require irrigation. The mountain for
i csts are the water reservoir of the State. Destroyed
i at the rate at which they are now being consumed by
fire, that reservoir will soon disappear; the soil will
\ wash off its rock foundation, and when rain
falls or snow thaws water will come down in irre
: sistible torrents instead of going into the shaded soil
to descend slowly into its natural channels and reach
the irrigator in such volume and at such season as is
, most useful too him.
The miner depends r.pon the same resource, for
water for his steam or electric power, and for running
stamp mills, washing gravel and in every essential
process of his industry.
Finally, the climate itself, prized possession of Cali
fornia, depends materially upon the preservation of
the forests.
It is to be hoped that the two universities will add
to their colleges a college of forestry. Cornell has
: done this, and has placed at the head of it Dr. Fer
now, long at the head of the forestry division of the
Department of Agriculture at Washington. The
State of New York has acquired 320,000 acres of for
est in the Adirondacks for the purposes of this col
lege of forestry.
California has a greater wealth and a greater stake
ie her forests than all the rest of the Union combined.
If the universities found schools of forestry their
classes will be sought by young men who have a
taste for this most interesting pursuit. I: the State
provide an organization for policing the forests in the
summer season it should be required that the students
of forestry in the universities shall have the preference
in that employment. Then will be opened a way to
save the forests, to aid tli€ study required and to help
the many young men who energetically work their way
through the university. At Berkeley there is a stu
dents' woodyard, run by co-operation of students
who have to pay their way as they go. They buy
wood, saw and peddle it. From such material as that
the State could enlist it? forest poiice, help students
'-. and prevent the vast and destructive summer fires.
The young men would acquire valuable practical
knowledge in botany, dendrology and geology, lines
of learning necessary in scientific forestry, and we
would have a well-equipped army of trained foresters,
sufficient in number to oversee our whole forest area,
introduce economic methods into the timber harvest,
preserve the oncoming crop and preside usefully over
the great interests of the miner, the lumberman, the
horticulturist and the agriculturist.
By this plan the forest policy of the State would be
administered .without making it a part of a political
t machine. Its continuity of policy would be unbroken
and every dollar spent in it would bring a dollar's
worth of benefit with compound interest.
It would be well if the Legislature could have the
benefit of counsel with the authorities of the univer
sities on this subject. They both have botanical and
agricultural departments and professors who are very
competent to advise. The Miners' Association, State
Board of Trade and Sierra Club have already taken
some action in the premises, and doubtless have ideas
and information that would aid to a legislative con
clusion. The organizations of fruit-growers and
dealers and the lumber interests should join with
these and see to it that at least a beginning is made
during the present session.
Porter A«he will keep his seat on the simple ground
that he was elected to it legally. There are legislators
who will regard this ground as extraordinary and
bordering on treason, but happily they, are in the mi
nority.
- «
Perhaps it was allowable for a Governor-elect to
have a fit of the sulks, but for a Governor to do so is
far from dignified.
If people do not stop blowing up the powder trust
it might give them a taste of their own medicine.
Dewey want's a statesman's assistance, and Califor
nia has several statesmen who could be spared,
PROTECT ThJE FORESTS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. A. Frost of Chicago is at the Palace.
T. O. Toland of A'entura is at the Lick.
P. J. Kuler of Philadelphia is at the
Grand..
George W. Brooks Jr. of Chico is at the
Grand.
F. H. Dyer of Salt Lake City is at the
Palace.
C. J. Black of Los Angeles is at the Oc
cidental.
Charles G. Lamberson of Visalia 13 at
the Lick.
S. J. Kraemer of Portland is staying at
the Palace.
Mr?. Charles Ferneaux of Hilo is at the
Occidental.
A. O. Norton of Boston is a guest at
the Occidental.
X. P. Wallace of Detroit is a guest at
the California.
A. C. Kuhn of San Jose arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
David Cobb and wife of San Josa are
guests at the Lick.
E. J. Dubois, a miner of Paris, is a
guest at the Grand,
C. A. Edwards and wife of New York
are at the Occidental.
L. W. Moultrie. a railroad man from
Fresno, is at the Lick.
Marc Newman of Philadelphia is regis
tered at the California.
C. E. Wood of Washington, D. C, is a
guest at the California.
James McCadden, a contractor of Val
lejo, is registered at the Palace.
F. B. Walker, a capitalist of Minneap
olis, is a guest at the Occidental.
tain John E. Boyer of the First
Washington Volunteers is at the Palace.
Robert Frazer and John S. Dovey, both
of Philadelphia, are guests at the Palace.
Dr. A. E. Osborne of Eldridge and Dr.
Q, W. Dwinell of Montague are at the
Grand.
E. Smith of Denver and W. H. Brevoort
of New York, two prominent mining men,
anr at the Palace.
J. C. Stubbs, general traffic manager of
the Southern Pacific Company, left in his
private car for the East last night. He
was accompanied by ex-Senator Charles
N. Felton and W. C. Ralston.
Ma. ; R. H. Cunliffe, retired,
of the British army, arrived on the over
land last night and is at the Grand. Gen
eral Cunliffe served for over thirty years
in the native army in India, He was a
colonel in the staff corps in ISS3 when he
was retired with his present honorary
During the Indian mutiny !:•■
l& He is here on a pleas
ure trip en route to Honolulu. His homo
is in London, and he expects to return
there.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— R. W. Vincent
of Los A Harry Unna and wife.^'rs.
W. M. Fitzhugh and child, of" San Fran
the Imperial; August C.
Tlinz of San Francisco is at the Belve
dere; Mrs. M. I. Leach and C. M. Flckert,
of San Fi v re at the Majestic.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A KILOGRAMME— A. P. S., City. A
: mine :a equal to IS.-So^MS grains
iroy.
A MEXICAN DOLLAR— A. D. S., City.
In a Mexican dollar there are i
trains of silver .9027 fine.
POLITICAL CLUBS— Politicus Legalis,
City. The Codes of California do not
provide for "the greneral and internal or
ganization of political parties and clubs."
PHOTOGRAPH OOLORIXn-S. M. H.,
•, Cal. If you desire to become an
adi pt in the art of coloring photographs
address a communication to any first
class photographer, who will give you
such information as you desire.
CUXARD VESSELS— E. J. V., City. The
largest vessels of the Cunard line are the
Lucanla and the Campania, twin vessels
of like dimensions. The length of each is
rt<=pth 43. gross tonnage
12.&30, net 5000, indicated horsepower 30.000.
WORDEN PIPE— M. W. 8., Crockett,
Cal. The records of the Patent Office
from October, IS?*, back to January, 1878,
fail to show that any one by the name of
Worden was granted a patent by the
United States Patent Office for a sewer
Pipe.
WHITE STAR STEAMER-E. J. V.,
City. Thfre is now being built for the
White Star line the Oceanic, the longest
steamer that was ever built. It will be
Tvo feet long. S3 feot beam and 50 feet
. with a draucht of 25 feet, horse
power
LICK OLD LADIES' HOME — Henri
etta. City. The name of the Lick Old
La. lies' Homo has been changed to the
University Mound Old Ladies' Home.
The home is not at this time rec
any applications for admission, but when
It does the cost for 1? $500 for
one who has reached the age of 62.
WORLD'S POPULATION— Th« latest
computation of the population of the
earth is that of M. d'Amfreville. given
out in UK, who gives it at 1.479.7.
divided ; ; i: Asia,
Europe, 357,379 Africa. 163,933.000;
Ami r " Oceanica and polar
regions, 7,500,000; Australia, 3.250,000.
CHINESE-J. H., Placerville, Cal. As
there is no census showing the number
of natives of this State of Chinese par
ents who on the Bth of last November
were of voi - It is impossible t<i an
swer the- question "How many Individu
als of Chinese parents born in California,
who. being 21 years of age and over, uid
not vote at the election held last Novem
ber?"
ARMIES-E. W. A., City. In time of
| peace Russia has the largest standing
; array. It numbers 1,743,200 men. "Which is
the best drilled army of the world is a
matter about which there is considerable
division of opinion. It is a claim laid for
the English. German and French armies,
; and there are some who hold that the
i United States regular forces are entitled
to that honor.
LETTERS TO MANILA— P. W. A.,
City. A letter directed to a person in
Mani!a, P. 1., will be sent out from the
postoffice in San Francisco by the first
■er that sails direct or by the
steamer going to Hongkong. When the
mail for Manila goes direct the letters are
delivered at the postoffice there. If sent
by way of Hongkong it remains at that
place until the regular steamer between
Hongkong and Manila sails. A steamer
leaves Hongkong for Manila every five
days. _______
FOREIGN NEWSPAPERS-!*., City.
In the list of foreign newspapers pub
lished In San Francisco appear the fo
Ing: German— California Demokrat, Cali
fornia Staais Zeitung, California Volks
freund, Deutsche Vereins Zeitung. Abend
Post and San Francisco Tageblatt; Ital
ian—La Voce del Popolo, l'Elvazia, l'lm
parziale and I' ltalia; Scandinavian — Bien
and Pacific Skandinavian; Slavonian — He
vatska Slopa; French— Le Californien and
{'Impartial Callfomien; Spanish— El Com
. Mexican, I.a Opinion Publica;
Swiss— La Svizzera; Japanese— The New
World.
VICTORIA CROSS- J. H.. Placerville,
Cal. The decoration called the Victoria
Cross was Instituted on the termination
nf the Crimean campaign of 1556. It may
be granted to a soldier of any rank and
for a single act of valor. The cross of the
Legion of Honor, as was felt during
the Crimean campaign, served a purpose
in the French army which was served
by none of the British decorations, and
it was in imitation of It that the Victoria
Cross was founded with the inscription
"For Valor," and which can be given
to none but those who have performed
in the presence of t|e enemy some signal
act of valor or devotion to country. It
is in the form of a Maltese cross of
bronze. In the center is the royal crown,
surmounted by a lion, and below on a
scroll the words "For Valor." The rib
hon is blue for the navy and red for the
army. On the clasp are two branches of
laurel, and from it the cross hangs, sup
ported hy the initial "V." Th° decoration
i«= accompanied by a pension of ten
j?ound» sterling a year.
THANKSGIVING CHEER
AMONG SOLDIER BOYS
Down at Manila the Men From Minnesota
Feed the Favorite Sons of
California.
By Corporal F. A. Healy.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Dec. 3.— The coming of
transports is now of almost daily oc
currence, sometimes one sometimes two
{or three arriving in one week. They
all bring troops and the Eighth Army
Corps continues to grow in size, as well
as in grace and wisdom. Among other
bodies there have come to our hospita
ble shore the "terrible" Tennesseeans,
\\ho have gained for themselves such
fear-inspiring reputations for valorous
j deeds and desperate v.ork accomplished
during their campaign in San Fran
cisco. Their reputation has preceded
: them, and from all I hear I think it
) is safe to promise them the warmest
kind of a time as soon as they com
mence to "spread themselves." There
are a few "warm babies" in the regi
ments already here who are more than
' willing to constitute themselves a re
j ception committee and do all they can
j to demonstrate how kindly they feel
! toward the men from the South for the
; manner in which the latter requited
! Western hospitality.
Thanksgivin~ day proved a great
success. I did not see much of it my
self, as I was ordered to the hospital,
but from all accounts things were
made to go with a zip, boom, ah! Dur
ing the cooler hours r,f the day there
were athletic games ashore, boat races
afloat and a general come and have
something time everywhere. At about
3 o'clock in the afternoon our boys — or
at least those who were well enough to
do so— became the guests at dinner of
the Minnesotans, They were enter
tained by their hosts company by corn-
In different restaurants of the
ry one had a first-class time,
and when the homeward journey cor
ned it would have been hard to de
termine by the devious trail left behind
which was the "field and staff" and
which the "rank and file." As for the
"line"— well that was so crooked that
a man had to turn around before he
could tell the way it led. The Minne
sotans are good fellows, from a good
place, and the celebration was the nat
ural outcome of the more than ordin
arily good feeling that exists between
their regiment and our own.
The honor of acknowledging this
honor done the Californians fell upon
Lieutenant Colonel Duboce, who is
n as Manila's "silver-tongued
A.iax." and gallantly did he acquit him
self of the pleasant duty.
The rick in hospital had as good a
time as their condition would permit.
Being an inmate of Ermita Hospital, I
dined there, partaking of an excellent
dinner provided by Dr. McCarthy. It
was spread under a tent, the g.:
Father McKinnon, and served on tables
loaded with delicacies from the hospita
ble Red Cross storehouse, the doors of
which were unlocked and thrown wide
open by J. O'C. Schlott.
It was a curious and rather pathetic
sight to look along the rows of tables
laden to the breaking point with every
; obtainable delicacy, and then glance
from the board to the faces lining it
wan, sunken faces, upon which the pal
' lor of sickness had overcome the bronze
: of the soldier; faces wistful and tired
: of expression, lightened by eyes which
would kindle with a momentary flash
of pleasure as they rested on the good
I things provided, only to grow dim
; again with the recollection of that
h<-me for the loss of which these same
: delicacies were offered in compensation.
However, the affair was a success,
', notwithstanding its environment.
Speeches were made by Dr. McCarthy,
Father McKinnon, Mr. Schlott and
others, who were, in turn, feebly cheer
ed by their guests. En passant, I
would like to remark a peculiar charac
teristic of the volunteer soldier. He
I cheers on all occasions and at all times,
i on the slightest provocation or without
I any provocation at all. He cheers
j when he hears a piece of good news;
j he cheers when the news is bad; he
i cheers at reveille; he cheers at retreat;
; he cheers at mess call, and he cheers
; to the very echo the speeches of his
\ superiors, which are. as a rule, on a
i par with the food. Tes, the American
■ volunteer soldier has a penchant for
; cheering, which is surpassed by noth
ing I know of. unless It be the passion
possessed by the volunteer officer' to
; make poor speeches at every appropri
! ate apportunity.
The rainy season is supposed *-> be
' over, but still it rains about three
fourths of the time, which, though un
pleasant as it makes traveling:
: and moving about out of doors
is really a blessing in disguise, as it
! makes parades (the abomination of the
i enlisted man), an impossiblity. Con
-1 eequemly. the boys spend most of their
time within the shelter of their bar
racks, discussing rumors which come
j floating down the line with a rapidity
I and diversity which would make one's
1 head swim. Who gives them birth,
whence they originate none can say.'
They always have been, they are. and.
as long as the army exists", they w'ili
; continue to be.
The latest one which comes to me as
I write is that we are soon to leave Ma
nila for Honolulu to take the place of
the New York regiment, which wil!
then be ordered here. Of course there
is not the slightest truth in this report,
but if it were so it would be an excel
lent arrangement. The New Yorkers
are very anxious to get here; the Cali
fornia boys are "crazy" to get ho:
as near there as possible. Transports
have to come and go. Why not make
the change and make every one h
We received the papers here re>
and noticed therein a statement by one
who. in diplomatic language, would be
characterized as "a. certain exalt-? i per
sonage." Said .personage affirmed, if
he is correctly quoted, that the boys of
the First California were anxious to
stay here as long as the Government
desired their services. The boys are
anxious to do nothing of the kind. They
want. almost to a man, to get home
just as soon as they can be taken there.
Their work has been accomplished and
they object to being used a.^ a stopping
stone to ambition, be that am
ever so worthy. Did all the i
spondents, whether professional or
otherwise, look through tie ranks once
in a while instead of over th-:-m they
would not only get a more correct idea
of how the men feel concerning vari
ous matters, but would discover much
food better fitted for reflection than for
digestion.
General King has arrived, hut as he
is ill with the ordinary climatic com
plaints Colonel Smith continues to
command the brigade and Lieutenant
Colonel Duboce the regiment. The
only addition to the existing conditions
of garrison life is the nightly concert
on the Lunetta. There is a bandstand
there and every evening a concert Is
given by one of the different regimental
bands. The Oalifornians play on
"Wednesday evenings.
Since my last letter -we have lost an
other man — Frank Temple, a private of
Company I, who died a day or two ago
from smallpox. Again death, following
the rule he has observed in almost
every case, picked from the best among
us, and in taking Temple took a fel
low whose place in the ranks, aa
as in the hearts of his comrades, it
will be hard to fill.
The sick list is now at the low water
mark. In both divisional and conva
pt hospitals we have but ninety
one man, the smallest sick list since
our entrance inter Manila.
Dr. O'Brien is Boon to leave for home
in charge of the sick, who will go on
the next transport. This position hk-3
been given him as a reward for h
cellent service at the smallpox bos]
Lieutenant Dohrmann goes with Dr.
O'Brien, as it is thought a sea voyajre
is necessary to perfect the lieuter
recovery from his attack of tyj
fever. Captain Frank Warren of H
company has been ordered to hold him
d readiness to leave at a moment's
notice with his dispatches for "Washing
ton. These orders to Captain Warren
are quite a compliment, and if strict en
inent of discipline and close at
tention to duty go fr, r anything, tna
compliment la well deserved.
FLOATING FUN.
"What is .he matter with the Turk?"
"S-s-sh! Poor fellow: He has twenty*
eight wives, and he has Just learned that
some ore la start a combination
millinery and dress goods establishment
next door to the harem."— Washington
Star.
"I heard a queer expref^i^n the other
day. I was speaking to a lady of the fine
old town of Wrentham and she *x
claimed: '<~>h. yes, I know that town— lfs
one that has those perfectly delicious old
graveyards.' "—Boston Transcript. ■
Bainbridere— Don't sit In that barber's
chair. It will take him too long to ohav*
you.
Til linghast— ls he Flr.w?
Bainbridtre — Worse than that. He stut
ters. —Judge.
"Don't you believe happiness Is merely
a mental condition?"
"No; it's a financial condition." — Chi
cago Record.
"Marse Tom," said the old family ser
vant, "I wish you please, sun, gimme my
Chrismus glf*.
"Why Christmas is a month off yet."
"I knows that, sun, but den I knows
you, too: en mos' generally -when Cl
mas come, you's too drunk ter know whut
day it is."— Atlanta Constitution;
The Professor — I declare, Mrs. Blom
hard, you look as young as your daugh
ter.
Mrs. Blomhard (much Mattered) —Do
you really think
The Professor — Yes, indeed. No one
would ever believe there was such an
extraordinary difference in your ages.—
Detroit Free Press.
As the conventional young mar. sat
talking with the conventional young w -
man the conventional stern father came
In.
The young man would fain be sociable
and at ease.
"The open door—" began he.
"The front door is open at this min
ute." said the father.— lndianapolis Jour
nal.
TWAS A SMART DOG.
Had Been Trained to Bark "When the
Roundsman Came.
As the police st rgea.ru was leaning: ovr
the railing in front of his desk the
night a cirty yellow dog sneaked in the
open doorway, locked quickly- around in
a timid way and then approached
tat ing! y the doorman.
The doorman said "Get out!" and the
dog got out. That led the sergeant into
a story.
"You don't know what that cur was
here for. do you? Well, he's lookin" for
a cop, and I know iust what cop, too. The
dog expected to find the cop on p^ ■
nitrht, as usual, but the policeman, . re
ported sick at 10 and -went he:
"Any one would think it strange, but
it's a fact that lots of policemen In s
city have curs like that as companion =
on" their night patrol. Perhaps that is
why they call the last tour the 'dog
watch.'
"Ton s^e. the ordinary copper p^'s
mighty lonely about 3 o'clock in the morn
'.r.i. and if any animal brushes up and
makes friends the copper fines it a- re
lief, and ten chances to one he finds the
dog— for it's usually a dog— at the same
place the next nic
"That's all right so far as It froes, but if
the copper is lazy or inclined to take
chances in 'beating* his roundsman by
taking a nap or a drink, the d<->g's likely
to be as much of a nuisance as he is com
pany. You see the dog stands outside the
saloon door ever:.- time, and if the rounds
man sees the dog he usually sees the cop
per a little later, and then trouble is in
tor some one.
"My pardner. Harry B. Murphy, used to
have a pup that Followed him around,
and, as Murphy used to take chances like
the rest of them, we thought the d^g 1
would become a nuisance, but he' didn't,
for Murphy got the cur trained so he'd
bark every time the roundsman— Jimmy
McGee — came around the corner. That
dog could spot McGee three blocks away,
and ho saved Murphy's skin fifty time's.
Murphy named him 'Harry 8.,' after him
self.
"McGee got onto the game. pretty quick,
but he never ca:ght Murphy, and that
worried him to death, for McGee was a
perfect Tartar. Finally McGee caught the
dog on a pier one night, and he clubbed
the pup over the head and threw hir
the river. Murphy on hearing this fished
the doe out of the river and buried him.
Over the grave he put this epitaph:
Here lies Harry B-,
Who was brutally murdered by Jimmy
McGee.
—New- Y-rk Sv.ru
Cal. g'.ace fruit 50c per lb at Tovrnsends."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Pr^ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Bill— Do you consider amethyemta un
lucky?
Jill— l should say so. I had a collar
button once with one In it, and the
used to roll under the bureau nearly
every morning,— Tonken Statesman.
Dr. Sieeert's .Angostura Bitters— ack
edged the world over as the jtrf-at»st knj-sra
regulator of th* 1 -
"How do you feed cats?"
"Do you mpan feed them to keep them
or drive them away?"— Chicago Record.
RoVal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders arc the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROYAL 3AKt>;3 PCJQSH CO.. NEW YORK. 'LEGISLATIVE BODIES
DOWN TO BUSINESS
Continued from Third Pa^e.
iz, chairman of the temporary com
mittee on attaches, which was assigned
"with Beectu-r'. Burke and Radclifl
thi flrst report of the
committee. It : led that the foi
ls temporary ■:i rs of the Ass.-m■
■ •■ paid their mileage and per diem
-rent fund
rth, chief dork. 15120; W.
Li arms, $TJ 80; R. Q.
l< . '.v. j.
Hamilton, assistant. $>; T. McPartland,
$6; W. Rayner, |6; J. HawkJ
Fried I i; W. H. Bench, (250; G.
W. Carson, 12;^. W. n. Dahle, $5.
Mr. Radi liffe'fl report contained the ac
• th< Assembly organiza-
It I'n< t' 'i lip jUSt
-: about $±rv spent In 1^97
■
Wright announced the follow
appointments made pursuant
and ad
■n to 10 o'clock to
: ning;
John Koster, J. A. Jackson,
hley; watchman, E. M. Brock;
3. R or; day watch
■ , elevator attendant, R.
• . J. Pinkard; fireman, J.
Mrs. James Stokes;
•
SENATOR BULLVS FRIENDS
ARE MUCH ENCOURAGED
I. HKA I -QUARTERS, SACRA
. Jan. 4.- The friends of Senator
much encouraged yester
ral outlook and the
andidate. Early in
rs were visited
sentative of Colonel Burns
touts and gamblers, and
spite anything that
In the newspapers, there
desire on their part t
of Senator Buila.
A short timo thereafter a representa
tive from the Grunt headquarters came
-imilar mission and ever, went fur
- effort to assure the Bulla men
Grant's friends were not re
■ c attempt made in certain
to show that 1-iulla was :
. race as a stalking horse fur
Bulla and
by both Burns and •
.■ ■ ; nd ci eat - i siderable
se. li Bhows that while neither
ns may look upon Bulla
r in the race, at the same time
■ thorn has any desire I
.ize either Senator
!
in after Loth houses had
ned the supporters of i. iV.u. from
In ( be
smaiier rooms at the State House.
I.'. >-ry m\ :
.who was
'. for the reason that he is quite
.: . vj be pres
ci.i .a the inaugural ceremonies.
iion of Senator Bul
- indulged in and t!i9
t all seven of the
memo - I stage sir.cc the
the outlook brighter
for t. i ounty i.
rted u;i each
■iual member of tl slature
whom they had canvassed, and after the
completed and the figures
ed up It was found that if verbal
and statements amounted to
- - Bulla wouiu have on
- lot sixteen votes and on the
•hree. It was decided in
legation would
y, once in the morn
. til the
f the ( atest. The object of this
■ r with each other as to possi
that can or might be made
•• Bulla forces and as to th^
methods to adopt to
m about.
re adjournment it was unanimously
remain lirrn and true to Bulla
■ t-.n-l a:.d to consider or discuss no
r hpr cand;
The number of callers at Bulla's head
quarters to-«lav was larger than at any
time since they have been opened. Every
b«<l>* wanted m sec the Senator and talk
with him. Among others a number of
the Democratic members of the Assembly
called; Most of them had never met the
candidate and they railed for the pur
pose of getting acquainted with him.
AND THE LAUGH WAS
ON COLONEL ANDREWS
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 4— *Jt all the beautiful
flitted about the Capitol
c was more K^rgeous than Col
onel A. A i^cked as he was in
eil ti • - and brass buttons that
BO epser.tial to a member of the
staff. Colonel Andrews has
batteries of admiring feminine
ur.fi illuminated street parades in-
Eumerable. The colonel has grown gray
in the service of the Stut<\ and his eyes
dimm< d, but hi to re
: to his chieftain's command to place
• •. er.
Colonel Andrews came up with the other
members of the staff to participate In
the inaugural parade, it i i • : to-night every
body is enjoying a laugh at hi expense.
Th</ officers were gathered in the Govern
or's room at th>; Capitol, and Colonel Fred
I-Hii gin was turning over the leaves of a
h;!ge voi«me containing the portraits of
State Prison convicts. There were some
ladies present, and in consequence Colonel
.Andrews did not have on his eye-glasses,
bur. glancing at the book, he saw the pic
lures end mistook the striped suits for
blue ami gold lace. He jumped at the
concision that It was a volume of mili
tary heroes, and, turning proudly to the
tithTs, he .«a.i<l: ..
■ "~ly portrait adorns that volume. I am
surf; of it. II would not be complete with
■out me."'
replied Burgin, "I fancy
mewhere. Ami
. rod what all the
g at.
ALMOST A BATTLE.
:Beckman and La Hue Nearly Came to
■•:• '; ■ Blows Over an Interview.
': CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
.■ ME'XTO, Jan. «.— An amusing incident oc
;•• burred ab»>ut 11 o'clock this morning in
■ : the corridor of the- Golden Eagle, -which.
if it had not been for the Intervention of
friends, might have resulted in two ex-
• c ;Jtailroad Commissioners determining re
• E^lts according to Qtzeensberry rules.
• ■-' Ex-Railroad Commissioner William
Beckman, who four years ago, v.-as de
.; f<Sated by If. M. La Rue, who has just
'. . retired from that office, extended his hand
'■..to Mr. La Rue in the corridor and said:
'.". "Well, you knocked us out four years
•■ ago, but we beat you this time by clean,
' fair methods. Let's us have a drink."
,". Mr La Rue <Jid not take kindly to me
.'; generous invitation and declined it, re
. marking:
"Th interview you had in the Bee was
« not true. There els nothing fair about
. that."
• .'. "You do not mean to say thai I lied, do
..!• you?" said Mr. rfeckman, bristling up.
• . "Well, that interview was not true,"
- said Mr. La Rue. with some heat.
• -"Don't tell me that 1 lie," said Mr.
man.
•' '-.; " Then both th"c dignified gentlemen
Squared off. but friends stepped in and
•". ' no blood was phed. Mr. La Rue turned
■ .and walked away, and Mr. Beckman
-.turned to hi? friends to explain that he
■ had addrtssod Mr. La Rue with the ut
".■.'ittn?t pood feeling and from no desire to
arouse him.
No Dry Wines at the Ball.
.SACRAMENTO. Jan. t— The inaugural
; : ;ball committee, following the precedent
'..of-' Presidential inaugurations at "Wash
ington, D. C, and profiting by the disas
trous experience of four years ago in Sac
'.'ramento, to-night abolished dry wines.
Tliere will be no champagne at the ban
quet, and the wine list will consist of a
'moderate amount of clarets and white
■ wines. ' ■•"'■-■■-■^j.:
Guide Pleaded Guilty.
Pention Guide, who a short time ago
Btabbed his wife, pleaded guilty to a
;.ssault to murder before Judge
- pdaj ■ He waived time .-md was
y the court to six years in San
tin.
. *Pb'f "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil is
••• .largely taking the place of fountain pens.* \
GRAND JURY
IS READY
FOR BUSINESS
The New Inquisitorial
Body Organizes.
MAKE-UP OF THE COMMITTEES
STRONG MEN WILL WATCH AND
PUNISH EVIL-DOERS.
Representatives of Every Branch of
Industry Are Members of This
Body, Which Guards Pub
lic Institutions.
The new Grand Jury met yesterday for
the first time in the rooms of District At
torney Murphy and perfected its organi
zation. It is one of the strongest bodies
of that character ever assembled and
should strike terror to the hearts of evil
doers. Charles A. Murdock was elected
chairman, L. E. Van Winkle secretary
and George H. Buckingham assistant sec
retary. The remaining members are: Syl
vester Levy, John P. Henry, Charles B.
Fenn. George A. Xewhail, C. E. Grunsky,
Charles B. Jennings. Charles H. Stanyon,
L. S. Bachman, James C. Bourbin, S.
M. Smith, Benjamin Newman, E. Dan
forth, A. J. McNicoll, 11. M. Black. J.
Farnham aiid Thomas Ma gee Sr.
After the organization had been effect
ed Chairman Murdock announced the
make-up ot" the various committees as
follows:
Assessor. Auditor, Treasurer— H. li. Black,
E. Danforth, J. Farnham.
Board of Education and Schools— G. H. Buck
ingham, J. Farnham, Thomas Magee sir.
Coroner, Morgue and Public Pound— S.
Bachman, C. B. Fenn, C. B. Jennings.
Courts, Superior, Justice and Police— J. C.
Bourbln, S. M. Smith, G. A. New!
County Clerk and Justices' Clerks— J. P.
Henry, A. J. McNlcoll. S. Levy.
Corporations, Water, Gas and Gas Inspector—
J. I'arnham, C. E. Grunsky, J. C. BourMn.
District Attorney, City and County Attorney,
State Officers— C. B. Jennings, 11. M. Black, L.
E. Van Winkle.
Dives and Social Evils— Thomas Magee Sr..
L. E. Van Winkle, A. J. McNlcoll.
Fire Department, Fire Alarms and Fire Mar
shal—B. Newman, J. C. Bourbin. C. B. Fenn.
Gambling, Opium Dens, Lotteries— A. J. iic-
Nlcoll, B. Newman, C. H. Stanyan.
Health Department, Almshouse, Hospital and
City Physician— G. A. Newhall, G. H. Buck
ingham, C. E. Grunsky.
Mayor, City Hall Commissioners and Board
of Supervisors— S. M. Smith, L. S. Bachman,
H. M. Black.
Public Library and Magdalen Asylum -C. B.
Fenn, C. H. Stanyan, J. P. Henry.
Police Department, Police Patrol. City Prison |
— E. Danforth. J. P. Henry. B. Newman.
Recorder, Election Commissioners and Public
Administrator— C. H. Stanyan. C. B. Jennings,
G. H. Buckingham.
Sheriff and County Jail— S. Levy, G. A. New
hall, E. Danforth.
Superintendent of Streets. County Surveyor
and Golden Gate Park— C. E. Grunsky, Thomas
Magee Br.. 6. M. Smith.
Tax Collector and License Collector— L.. E. i
Van Winkle, S. Levy, L. S. Bachman.
AGREED TO BE GOOD.
Rare Document Is Produced in the
Lee Divorce Case.
Hebecca Lee, who lives at 1015 Market
street, as plaintiff in an action for divorce ' .
recently instituted against her husband,
J. W. Lee, had her innings before Judge
Hunt yesterday. Mrs. Lee alleges that
for some time past her husband has been
in the habit of treating her in an inhu
man manner, and for these reasons she
asks that the marital knot be severed
and that she be given all the community
property in which her husband is inter
ested, together -with suitable alimony.
Lee denied her allegations of cruelty and
simply states that at the time he was
forced to slap his wife because she would I
remain away from home all day and on i
her return refuse to tell him where she !
had been.
Mrs. Lee was first called upon to tes
tify in her own behalf, and she Bet forth
many specific acts of cruelty of which
she was the victim. In support of her
' contention that she had been abused she
'produced a document showing that at
! one time her husband had seen himself
! as others saw him, repented in conse
i Quence and bound himself to be good .in
■ an odd document, of which the following
I is a copy:
SAX FRANCISCO, July 12. 1832.
J. W. I,ee, party o£ the ttrst part, and Re
! becca Lee, party of the second part, husband
and wttt .
i I John W. J>e, do solemnly promise to keep
j sacred and inviolate the following articles
herein named, to wit:
First— To love, cherish, protect and provide
' for through life my wife, Rebecca Lee. and at
I my death, should I die first, to leave the said
I Rebecca Lee, my wife, all my personal effects
' and belongings, together T<.-it.h my lodge cer
j tincate in the A. O. U. W.
I Second— Never by word, deed or act on my
i part to Insult or abuse her.
Third— To provide for her a good, comfort
: able home, support and shelter her to the best
i of my ability.
I Fourth— To share equally all my Income with
■ her.
j Fifth— That we shall always live together as
! husband and wife by ourselves, my two daugh
■ ters, known as Nellie L?<: and Clara Lee. to
j live separately and apart from us, and that
they shall in no way interfere between us In
I the future.
i Sixth— To all of which articles above men
tioned I faithfully promise to keep sacred and
: as long us I live to not violate one or any of
them, and I call upon God on high to witness
all of the above articles herein mentioned.
(Signed.) JNO. W. LEE.
Witnesses: SAM B. SHELDON. K. H.
ELAIN.
After Mrs. I><» had left the stand J. P.
McKenna was called and testified that on
at least one occasion he had held Lee in his
i brawny arms to prevent him from heat
■ ing his wife. He recited other Incidents
of cruelty on the part of Lee and then re
; tired. To-day Lee will have a chance to
: disprove the allegations of his wife, if
he can, and for that purpose has sum-
I moned a number of witnesses to testify
I that his wife's passion for gambling in
I stocks broke up their once happy home.
THE GALLAGHER INQUEST.
The Jury Finds That the Fatal ->hot
Was Fired by Mike Flynn.
Coroner Hill held an Inquest yesterday
morning into the matter of the death of
James Gallagher, who was shot and
killed in Sullivan's saloon at 113 O'Farrell
street last Saturday night. All the wit
nesses were examined, but all who were
In the saloon at the time the fatal shot
was fired pretended that they did not
know who fired it. Delia Richardson told
the story she told the polire the night of
the tragedy, that she did not see the
bhooting. but that Gallagher told her
John, alias Mike. Flynn had done the
deed. Nothing new was elicited and the
jury rendered a verdict to the effect that
Flynn fired the shot, and charging him
with murder.
Flynn's case was called in Police Judge
Graham's court yesterday morning and
was postponed until next Monday.
Despondency Leads to Suicide.
James Terrell, a laboring man, was
found dead in his house, 456 Sixth street,
at about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
An empty bottle labeled "carbolic arid"
was lying beside him, and it is presumed
that ho committed suicide. Terrell was
about 42 years of age an<l a native of Ire
land. He was a widower and leaves one
grown up son. Ytsterday afternoon he
attended the funeral of an old friend, and
this it is Buppoeed, induced the despond
ency which finally resulted in suicide.
The Champion "Fiend."
Frank Rlcardo, the young man who
swindled several grocery firms by obtain
ing supplies of champagne by represent
ing that he was a member of the Cosmoa
and Press rlubs. was yesterday held to
answer In $2000 bonds before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan for obtaining
goods by' trick and device.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1890.
THE SPARTAN ON HER WAY TO SEA.
After leaving Clallam Bay, and while the men were making fast the port anchor, Second Mate John Wielan
of the Spartan lost his balance and fell overboard. The steel hawser could neither be cut nor cast off, and the
attention of the crew of the tug could not be attracted by signaling, so the ship went on to sea ana Wielan had
to be left to his fate.
SAILED ON AND
LEFT A COMRADE
TO HIS FATE
Drowning of the Mate
of the Spartan.
WACHUSETT'S ROUGH VOYAGE
CAUGHT IN A SOUTHEASTER
AND SPRANG A LEAK.
Anxiety Over an Overdue Fleet of
Steam Schooners — Death of Lit
tle Royal Beeman of the
Farallones.
The American ship Ppartan, -which ar
rived from Seattle last Tuesday, b»sran
the voyage with a fatality, but made a
fast run down the coast. After leaving
port Captain Polite had to bring his ves
sel to an anchor in Clallam Bay. When
The Equitable
Life Assurance Society
Of the United States.
Preliminary Statement, Dec. ?i, iBqB.
Outstanding Assurance, $980,000,000
Total Income, - - 50,000,000
New Assurance issued, 170,000,000
Total Assets, - - - 255,000,000
Assurance Fund and
all other liabilities, 200,000,000
Total Surplus, - 55,000,000
Detailed Statement will be published hereafter.
Henry *B. Hyde, President.
James W. Alexander, Vice-President.
«
Agency : California, Nevada and Hawaiian Islands.
A. M. SHIELDS, Manager,
EDWhN CRAMER, Cashier,
Crocker Building, San Francisco, Cal,
the weather had moderated outside the
tug came alongside, the Spartan's anchor
•was tripped and another start made for
San Francisco.
When the tup and her tow were well
out Into the Straits of Fuca the fatality
occurred. Second Mate John "VVielan and
some of the crew were on the forecastle
head making fast the port anchor. By
some mischance Wielan lost his footing
and fell overboard. It was a beautiful
moonlight night at the time and the sea
was as smooth as glass. The men could
soe the mate drifting astern and the cry
of "man overboard" was raised. The tug
was taking the Spartan through the wa
ter at the rate of eight knots an hour,
and the sailors tried in vain to throw the
towing line off. They could do nothing
with the steel hawser, however. Then
thfy got axes and tried to cut the rope,
but failed again. Lights were flashed at
the tug, horns tooted, danger signals giv
en, but the captain of th» steamer neither
heard nor saw any of them, or if he did
paid no attention, and so the man strug
gling in the water was left to his fate.
The Spartan was towed to sea and cast
off. The tug returned to Port Townsend
with those aboard still in ignorance of
what had happened. Wielan was well
known on the coast, as he had been in
the Puget Sound trade for years.
The ship Wachusett arrived from the
Sound yesterday after a long and tem
pestuous voyage. To add to the horrors
of the trip she sprang a lf-ak, and for ten
Jays the men were at th« pump:- more
s all the rim- 1 . It was on Christmas
• .... when the ship was sixteen miles
southwest of Flattery, that the first gale
came up. It blew with hurricant- fnrce
from the southeast, and on Christ
mas day the Wachusett sprang a
leak and soon the water was making
headway at the rate of six inches an
hour. AH day long. Instead of enjoying
Christmas fare, the crow battled with
the storm and labored at the pumps. The
next day the gale died down a little, but
It soon sprang up acain, and for ten days
it was a continual nght for life. The ship
was well found throughout and thor
oughly stanch or she would never have
stood "the battering she got. As it is she
will have to go on the drydock and re
ceive a thorough overhauling before she
can go to sea again.
Vessels arriving one after the other
with tales of storm and disaster have
raised fears for the safety of the steam
schooners Ruth, Coquille River, Grace
Dollar and Fulton. They are all long
overdue, but probably were driven north
by the southeaster. The Ruth and Bonita
left Coos Bay in company and the Bonita
got in last Tuesday after a seventy-?ix
hour tussle with the storm. The Ruth
had the schooner Luella in tow, and the
chances are that both of them are hove
i he Luella is to be a steam schooner,
and is on her way here to have her en
gines put in.
The Coquille River was due here from
Tillamook and the Grace Dollar from
Grays Harbor last Monday, while the
Fulton left here for Coos Bay on Decem
ber 29. While the Coquille River and
Grace Dollar may have been hove to all
through the storm the chances are that
the Fulton has been driven past her des
tination and will have to fight her way
back.
Little Royal Mateo Beeman, the boy
whose mother braved the terrors of a
norther in order to bring him from the
Farallones to a doctor, died last Tuesday.
It will be remembered that the boat in
which the mother and her companions at
tempted the dangerous trip was nearly
swamped and all of them would have
been drowned had not the pilot boat
America gone to their assistance. Cap
t iin Jordan not only picked them up but
brought the party to the city. The best
medical care could do little Royal no
good, ho he passed away in his mother's
arms.
Vessels for the spring rush to th* Klon
dike are now being eagerly snuerht for,
and freights are likely to advance in con
sequence. Parties are now negotiating
for the charter of the Charles Nelson,
and if she is secured she will be placed in
the Seattle-Skaguay trade.
Lurline Salt Water Batha,
Bush and Larkln Ms. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub oaths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS TONIC for BODY, NERVES arid BRAIN,
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIAJMI WINE givesl MARIANI WINE is in-
power to the brain, strength and I valuable for overworked men,
elasticity to the muscles, and\delicate women and sickly
richness to the blood. It is a children, h soothes, strength*
promoter of good health and ens and sustains the sys-
longevity. tern.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI & CO., 52 West l.'th street. New York, will
be cent. free, book containing portraits with endorsements or Emperors, Empress, Prince*,
Cardinals, Archbishops and other interesting matter. Mention this i>aper.
Yin Mariani Makes the Weak Strong.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— B3 Mortimer Stre--t; Muntreai— 2^-30 Hospital Bt.
AMUSEMENTS.
ITirf fffornfn Last 4 Ni s hts -
iMliiC/niill Matinee Sat.
The Greatest Aggregation Extant!
W. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
THE BIGGEST HIT IN YEARS.
EXTRA !— Next Monday
ONE WEEK ONLY :
EiDVvnsr mayo
In FRANK MAYO' B Dramatization of Mark
Twain's
PUDD'NHEAD WILSON.
SEATS NOW READY.
_ — ;
"WHAT A CITY IS MEXICO."
IS IT?
THE QUAINT COMEDIAN,
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Comedy Triumph,
THE MAN
FROM MEXICO.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Coming— FßANK DANIELS' COMIC OPERA
COMPANY. '
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY.
GREATER THAN EVER.
PAPINTA ! PAPINTA !
In Her Bewitchlng.Bewildering Myriad Dances,
ANNA TERESA BERGER, Cornet Virtuose.
DELTORILLI BROS., Musical Grotesques.
PILAR MORIN. ROSE EYTINGE and
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE, In "That Over-
HORACE GOLDEN. MONS. AND MME. RO-
FIX RILEY AND HUGHES and THE RAP-
PO SISTERS.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING, GREAT SUCCESS
OF THE NEW EDITION OF
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle,
fiJTMOwlm
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
NOVELTIES EVERY NIGHT.
NEW SONGS. DANCES, SPECIALTIES.
MATINEE THIS SATURDAY AT 2.
Popular Prices 23c and 50c
N. B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee — 25c
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
PDI7AT BILL in the
UTi£jill FREE THEATER.
LAST FOUR DAYS OF "JOE STORMS JR.," j
"SALLY" AND "CONGO," WONDERS
OF DARKEST AFRICA.
To-night-AMATEUR NIGHT.
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY.
PUNKA, the "Lady of Lyons."-
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be;
Because Ripans Tabuies are not to be fcwnd
in every drug store, a man- who needs them some-*
times has to send for them to the manufacturers,
although the druggist will generally get them if
the customer insists. "I would not be without
Ripans Tabulesfor any money," writes an engi-
neer of the Houston & Texas Central R. R.;
"for every disturbance of the stomach they are tha
best remedy I ever hear d_ of in this world,"
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V altkp. Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
HI HENRY'S
• • • lE* I C_je- • • •
MINSTRE T
JJA AGGREGATION. JLA
' EZO MLL WHITE Err"**
:^ V -' PERFORMERS! OU
ALL OTHER MINSTREL ORGANIZATIONS
COMPLETELY ECLIPSED.
POPULAR PRICES 10c 25c, 50c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
;'; : '
AT r 1 \ >7 A "T* seats btphonr
IALwAZ^AK Main 254.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
/ MATINEE SATURDAY.
HGYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELLI^— . '
L. R. Stock well as the Deacon.
Isc, prices 35c,
| NEXT WEEK— "THE MAGISTRATE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE. '
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THURSDAY EVENING- AND SATURDAY
MATINEE. January 5. 7.
ROSENTHAL!
Prices U. 52 and $3. Sale of seats at Sher-
man, Clay & Co. STEINWAY PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1808-99, beginning TUESDAY.
Dec. 27, to SATURDAY, Jan.- 7, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. .
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
i Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
• 12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
j with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
; Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave th? Trade at 4-lj
> and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN* DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
; ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO f>q
d w PALACE ™%
IGRAND hotels*
BAH FHANCI9CG. jZ
** Connected by a covered passageway. *J
D 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaches. *■
0 411 Under On« Management. O
D KOTE THE FBICE3: Q
_. Buropcin Plan. .oo per day and upward ,_
W American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward 9
JJ Correspondence Solicited. g
0 70S? 0. ZIBIPA7HICE. Xuxtgtx. . _
9 o 000 000 0 aoo o o
DR.MQNULTY.
j FfHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
j J. Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
i eases Oi Men only. Book on I*rivate Diseases and
j Weaknesses of en, free. OveriOy'rs'pxperience.
j Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours9
to 3 dally: 6.3o to S:3o ev'gs. Snndars, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation lree and sacredly confidential. Call. or address
P. KOSCOK McXUI/TY, 31. D.
•ZC, , Kcaruy St., San Francisco. Cal.
78
EXPOSITION
IS INSURED
FOR THE CITY
Arrangements Getting
in Shape.
AN INTERNATIONAL AFFAIR
TO BE HELD FROM JUNE TO
DECEMBER, 1901.
The City Will Be Asked to Appropri
ate One Million and the State
Two Hundred Thousand.
National Aid.
. That there will be held in San Fran
cisco in the year 1901 an international ex
position, great in scope and feature and
eclipsing anything of its nature ever held
west of Chicago, seems now to be as
sured.
■ Two years ago The Call suggested the
feasibility of such an event. It based its
Suggestion on the fact that the- city of
Sa«' Francisco, while being the metro
-. paiiiiof the West, had for years neglected
':-■ Vcr-foake an efficient display of Its multi
v fa'rtbus products or mention of the in
/ments it has to offer in the way of
<#nuirierce and trade. Other sections of
Cih^ -'.country, which have pursued this
: - ; *no'<ierh method of advertising their re
;: ;60urGss, have reaped the golden grain lost
;-'£o : -;£?aliiornia. At the time of thie war the
icn&t.ter was laid aside, .but has now been
awakened and a live and energetic com
i3 mis|ie-',will begin immediately to arrange
in 'detail tbe preliminary matters attend
.iflg ;-.fhe ; exposition.
.:..;U-f)-e first notch was made in the post
.' .■j'es-fcerclaj', when dates were iixed and
• /ceaqmittees appointed to select a repre-
F : J.eiiiatjve ■ body of men in whose hands
■"/the.? management of the fair will be re
■:posed;:- ■ Mayor Phelan was elected a
nV'>ni!'er of the present organizing com
■ rniu-ee and the Board of Supervisors will
■ probably '■ be constituted an advisory
■ ii.Qi£rA. •
•At the meeting held yesterday after
noon the office of Reinstein & Eisner
there were present Charles Bundschu,
Jx>hh 11. Grady, A- A. Watkins, W. H.
: : Milts, Dr. T. li. Morris, F. L. Brown, S.
;• U. Friedlander, John Lackmann and K.
; liV.-Jioolan. J. B. Reinstein occupied the
' ! eh^ir.. Matters were outlined and each
': proposition discussed. The event will not
.; . fkftkrfe • be ' a project of the State of Cali
•ffrrifta, but will be international in char
iVapter,' and it is the intention to include
'vart.bf the States and countries bordering
•'v'ohV.Jlve Pacillc Ocean. This will include
.:Chiii.- Japan and other Oriental lands,
.-. titte--. British Northwest possessions, the
;•; (f£h:tral American States and those of
•Sou-th- America. Each State in the Union
' . : !^JIVI accorded a commissioner and will
•=' bring; aid and assistance from all parts of
•i the'.-L'nlted States. It will be held during
v..tbfe year following the great Paris expo
sillon. and. exhibits will be transported
.•directly from France to San Francisco.
■ The"Tact that four other fairs and expo
sitions are billed for different cities within
.the- 'coming three years will not discour
age, "ttio promoters of this one, as it will
lie ..vastly variance to anything which
• .bws'.e'ver been- introduced on this coast. It
wijjf"qj>en in June and close in December,
•.California experiences its higher quality
.mate during the intervening- months,
■. while Eastern people are driven to seek
refuge from hot and cold weather.
;::"lt'i.s very likely that the city of San
'•Frjtncisco- will be asked to appropriate
■-.SI.JK&.OOO and the State of California $200,
--[■s»; AY. H. Mills, who suggested these
■ uiixuints, said it was of stern importance
Htb&t'.the first move should be on the part
"b'i- the city, as it will be the direct bene
-. tivjfiry and should contribute handsomely.
■\iH r expects no opposition from the people
. .;. the city on the question and proposed |
: that an effort be made immediately to
-.Keeijre the money, as it can be raised in ■
:three. separate tax levies in this and the 1
: -t3\;6" succeeding years, which means will i
W'>rk no hardship on the taxpayers. Con- j
'sties.s will be also asked to make an ap
riation, and persons In attendance 1
■ Wfho have conversed with national legis
lators say that there will be no difficulty
btainißg what Is asked for, it being!
the first time that a Pacific State has |
requested Federal assistance. The fact
that money will be appropriated by the
• pnmejit will have the effect of na
. Etlizing the concern.
"•7rhe - State Legislature will continue in
. ■•FPKftlon. but six weeks more, and a bill
win have to be put through before it ad
.•pi3ur:iis. v This the management expects to
• vttc^.ds .all committees will be in shape be
•farti.tho end of this week. Chairman
■Kymstciii asked time until to-morrow be
tfo/reshe, named the committee of three
iwndse office It will be to select a board i
onfrhundred or more, to direct operations. '
. jA-.Klt:.it<? board will be composed of one
,: fcoiflKnissioner from each county named by
; jthj&.'-Rqurd of Supervisors in the county in
which.' lie resides.
.V : ; >h'Th:u's the lirst definite move taken
.;w. : af?..st motion making it the duty of the
.•cortvmittee of three to- call upon the
Bji.-ird of Supervisors of this city and urge
•.th.iit-.they solicit at the hands of the Leg
iß!jat«re the necessary funds to be donated
liy- ; fhe city. Supervisor Lackmann, who
-.was- present, said that he believed the
brrnrti" would look with favor on the sub
involved.
..•It .has been suggested that in the event
.oD.tlJfc Board of Supervisors acting upon
■ Mayor Phelan's proposition to extend the !
batinandle of Golden Gate Park to Mar
ket-street this space be utilized as a site
fdr.-the- exposition buildings. :
: After naming Saturday, September 9
1900. as the day on which the cornerstone
of -.the proposed administration building
■vh.p;wld be laid the gentlemen adjourned
until Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
POST AND CORPS.
Joint Installation of Grand Army
Veterans and of the Ladies
Who Assist Them.
Last Tuesday niprht the social hall of
the Alcazar building was crowded with
la. lies and gentlemen, in addition to the
membership of James A. Garfield Post
No, «•». G. A. R.. and James A. Garfield
Women's Relief Corps, assembled to wit
ness the joint installation of the officers
of post and corps. The hall was taste
fully decorated with flowers, smilax, the
stars and stripes and military arms. On
the altar in the center was the Bible rest-
Ing on a saber that was used during the
war of the rebellion. After an overture
the ladies installed their officers, Laura
J. Robison, past department president, as
sisted by Josephine Robison, officiating
Following are the officers who took the
obligation and received instructions-
President, Dora IT. Wilkins; senior vice,
Sarah 11. Wilson; junior vice, Mary J
SothJers; secretary, Xeiiie A. Hendrick
pori; treasurer, Caroline Dibblee; chap
lain. Margaret J. Jones; conductor, Mary
V. Van Horn; guard. Margaret McCau
]<y; organist, Amanda yon Linderman.
Then followed a short programme, and
the installation of the officers of the post
by Department Commanler Sol Cabeh, as
sisted by Past Post Commander William
7rHan. installing officer of the day. The
new officers are: Commander, Edward S.
Salomon (past department commander);
senior vice commander, James Kiernan;
junior vice commander. Sig. L. Simon;
surgeon, Frank E. Kelly; chaplain, A.
Ennis; officer of the day^ Frank Elliott
Myers; adjutant, George a. Crall; quar
termaster, A. S. Isaacs; officer of the
guard, A. E. Cohn.
The ceremony was followed by the sing
fng of "The Star-ppangled Banner" by
Mr?. T. C. Masteller, the audience rising
and joining in the chorus, and then there
was dancing until midnight.
Fined for Contempt.
Tnited States Circuit Court Judge Mor
row yesterday concluded the contempt
proceedings in the case of the Sanitary
Reduction Works of San Francisco
against the California Reduction Com
pany, finding Behrend Joost, President of
the California Reduction Company, guilty
of contempt and fining him $250, with the
alternative of sixty days in jail, and Giu
seppe Figoni, an employe, -'$50, or thirty
days' imprisonment.
By a contract made with the Board of
Supervisors, the Sanitary Reduction
Works was given the monopoly of dispos
ing of all garbage within the city and
county of San Francisco. The defendant
was a competing company, and was there
fore enjoined- by the courts from trans
acting its business. The defendants vio
lated the injunction and were summoned
to appear for contempt.
PUGILISM THIS MONTH.
McConnell and Neil Ready— Jeffries
and Kennedy Training.
Frank McConnell and Al Neil are train
ing like beavers for their 20-round bout
at Woodward's Pavilion on January 17.
The welter-weights have signed to light
at 148 pounds. McConnell realizes that to
lose this coming fight will mean to him
a permanent retirement from the ring,
and consequently he is taking the best
care of himself. Neil is by no means
easy game and will have several backers
who will back him heavily to whip Mc-
Connell on the night of the mill.
"Cocker " Tweedle and Tye of Oakland
should "put up" a rattling good exhibi
tion. Tweedie will doubtless be a favor
ite with the gamblers, yet Tye may give
him as warm a reception as he received
from Lawlor at the Olympic club. They
will contest fifteen rounds or more at 135
pounds. "Jockey" Maynard and Willy
Cole will box ten rounds- at 116 pounds.
All three contests should be interesting.
as the pugilists are well matched. The
entertainment will commence with the
"feathers." after which will come the
"lights," and then the "welters."
The big heavy-weight contest between
Jeffries and Kennedy will be held under
the auspice? the National Club on the
evening of the 27th inst. Jeffries is very
confident of whipping Kennedy easily, but
the Excelsior Club thinks differently.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
entertain its members on the evening of
W. H. METSON, the New Park Commissioner.
January 12. The programme of fistic
events is: Young McDonald of the San
Francisco Athletic Club and Eddy Al
ford, late of New York, six rounds, for
the bantam-weight championship of this
State; A. (Jrunne-ld of the San Francis
cos and "Kid" Johnson of the Manhattan
Athletic Club, six rounds, at 123 pounds;
Jack Dean and Joe Long, six rounds; and
»lus Koster and J. J. Castro of the Wat
sonville Athletic Club, six rounds.
The club has received its incorporation
papers and is now established on a basis
with the following officers: President, D.
V. Denehy; vice president, John O^Keefe;
treasurer, A. Greggains; secretary. B. M.
Broad well; captain, Frank Scheuler; di
rectors—William Quinn, H. Gardner. J.
Grunfield, A. Dijeau, A. Minaker and E.
Turner.
TWO WEDDINGS
IN A WEEK
Members of the Hicks-
Judd Company Surprise
Their Friends.
The Hicks-Judd Company has added
two happy men to the list of benedicts
during the past week.
X. A. Judd, president of the company,
was married in Reno on Monday to Mrs.
E. A. Kelly, the couple having left here
last Saturday night.
The other wedding was that of Charles
K. Rosenberg, secretary and treasurer of
the company, and Miss Lucy 11. Munson,
bookkeeper of the concern, who were
married in this city Saturday evening.
The wedding took place at the home of
the bride's parents, 114 Broderick street.
Bishop Mor<>land officiating. Miss M.
Rosenberg, sister of the groom, acted as
bridesmaid and W. K. Munson, brother of
the bride, was best man. A limited num
ber of relatives and friends witnessed the
ceremony, and Sunday Mr. and Mrs.
Rosenberg left for Del Monte on their
honeymoon trip.
Mr. Rosenberg is well known in busings
circles, and has a large number of friends.
His bride has been in the employ of the
Hicks-Judd Company for a number of
years, and is highly esteemed by her em
ployers and associates.
FISHING FOR STEELHEADS.
Anglers Who Went to Russian River
Were Sadly Disappointed.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Cross and
Davis have just returned from Russian
River/where they arrested an Italian fish
erman for violating the fish law by using
a set net across the river. His
examination will be held in Santa Rosa
to-day. Last week the railroad people
broke open the bar across the river near
the mouth so that the steelhead salmon
could get into the waters above. It was
believed that the run of rish would be
large and the deputies were on hand to
prevent illegal fishing. The arrest was
made early in the morning, when th«
accused thought lio one wan around.
Knowing that the bar would be opened
a large number of well known hook and
line fishers went up from the city, but.
they wore not rewarded for their trouble.
For some time after the break was made
tli" water was stagnant and but few fish
entered. Since then the rains have raised
the stream so that the water is too high
for good fishing.
Money in the Treasury.
The counting of the money in the vaults
of the City Treasurer was completed
shortly after 6 o'clock last night after sev
eral days' labor. It was found that the.
city has on hand $1,651,019 20, municipal
funds. There is also $300,000 on special
deposit awaiting the report of the State
Controller as to the amount to be re
tained here for school purposes. The for
ma) transfer of office from Christian Reis
to I. J. Truman has been made and the
office will be open for business at 9 o'clock
this morning. The office has been be
sieged for some days by people having
December warrants.
Advances made on furniture and pianoe. with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FR Ay CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
METSON TO HELP
RUN THE CITY'S
PLAYGROUND
Has Been Made a Park
Commissioner.
BUDD'S FAREWELL FAVORS
XIRKPATRICK AND HENSHAW
FOR YOSEMITK
Appointments That Find Favor in
the Eyes of the Friends
of All Three
Hen.
One of Governor Budd's last official acts
.was the appointment of two Park Com
missioners — one to beautify Golden Gate
Park of this city and the other to pre
serve nature at Yosemite. It has been
generally surmised for some time that
Budd has had the matter of these ap
pointments sifted down, but few who
were not on the Inner circle of his affairs
guessed the plums would fall where they
did. W. H. Metson received the appoint
ment for Golden Gate and Colonel John
C. Kirkpatrlck for Yosemite. The an-
nouncements were made to-day and
caused a little consternation among tho
friends of Kirkpatrk-k.
For some time the colonel has been con
sidered to be the favorite of the ex-Gov
ernor, and numerous friends put in a
word at every avenue that they might
furthor his chance. He was a member of
the Governor's staff, and not only did Re
publicans plead for his appointment, but
many leading and influential Democrats
Interceded in his behalf. Two points ad
vanced in his favor were that he is so
connected in San rancisco as to do the
park a great deal of good, and that for a
number of years he has manifested vast
interest in the public playground. The
kind words thus spoken impressed Budd
to such an extent that about one week
ago he persona^" informed Kirkpatrlck
that he should bestow the honor upon
him. This was assumed to be final, and
for a time some people breathed easy.
It happened, however, that this morn
ing at an early hour it was definitely
learned that Budd had decided to change
his mind, and this became a certainty
when, a couple of hours later, the Gov
ernor telegraphed to this city requesting
the colonel to release him from his pledge.
He gave as a reason that the Democratic
Senators and Assemblymen had protested
strongly against the appointment of a
Republican and demanded that a Demo
crat fill the bill. The Governor had made
his pledge in good faith, but the storm of
protest was too strong for him to bear.
When It was announced that Willam H.
WILL HENSHAW, New Yosemile Valley Commissioner,
Metson was Budd's choice the selection
suited everybody, and after the little
wave of surprise had shuffled Its way
along even the frienus of Kirkpatrick ex
pressed themselves as satisfied.
Metson is a leading attorney, being an
associate of the firm of Reddy, Campbell
& Metson. For six years he has been in
terested in the seed business and has
I made the subject of horticulture a life
long study. He ha 3 the largest acreage of
I sweetpeas on the coast. His beds of car-
I nations are superb, and are the result of
I his long experience and attention. He also
has the distinction of possessing the
largest patch of asparagus in the State of
California. His garden and vegetable
seeds have been distributed broadcast
over the land, and he Is considered an
expert on fruit trees.
Metson succeeds Irving M. Scott. He In
tends to improve the beauty spot of San
Francisco and will make every necessary
improvement within the limit of the park
funds.
Late yesterday afternoon the Governor
found a place for Colonel Kilpatrick, and
named him as the Commissioner for Yo
semite. The colonel knows every foot of
the ground like a book, and will manifest
the greatest Interest in affairs which per
tain to the State reservation. The last
but not least honor which the passing
Governor could bestow fell upon Will
Henshaw, a brother of Judge Henshaw,
who was also made a Yosemite Park
Commissioner.
TO PROTECT GAME AND FISH.
A Meeting of Sportsmen Will Be
Held at the Olympic Gun Club
on Monday.
A convention of sportsmen Interested In
the protection of same birds and animals
will be held in the rooms of the Olympic
Gun Club next Monday evening. It Is
expected that every gun club in the State
will be represented by one or more dele
gates. The object of the meeting is to
discuss the game question and the game
laws, and to submit to the Legislature
whatever changes and additions to the
present game laws the body in session
may deem advisable.
Owing to the rapid decrease of quail In
the past few years a short open season
will doubtless be recommended. The Eng
lish snipe will also find supporters at the
meeting, as It is proposed to include It
in the game law with other game birds.
Something may be done regarding the
limiting of game bags, but this idea will
not meet with general approval, as it
would be next to an impossibility for th»
Fish and Game Commissioners to keep
an eye on the hunting coats of every
hunter who goes into the field or marsh
during the game shooting season.
Something should be done to protect the
wild ducks that rest on the bay from
fishermen who make a practice of netting
tho aquatic birds that dive for their food.
Thomas Casey, a well-known sports,
man. is slowly convalescing. His pet
English setter dog, "Dot," died last Sun
dny. and Thomas has been ill since then.
While out shooting Sunday Charles Os
wlll shot a enrrier pigeon which had on
one of its legs a brass ring. The ring
was stamped E. 2, B. W. C. K.
WOULD BE NO BURDEN
UPON HIS FAMILY
JOSEPH WALKER ENDS HIS LIFE
OF TROUBLE.
Found Hanging in a Shed in the
Rear of His Resi
dence.
Sick, poverty-stricken, melancholy with
the sight of the pleading white face of
an overworked and hungry wife, Joseph
W. Walker, ship carpenter, put an end to
his 73 years of life by hanging himself
early yesterday morning from a shed in
the rear of his residence, 1552 Howard
street. The dead body was discovered at
6 o'clock In the morning by his wife and
his daughter Isabella. It was removed
to the Morgue. An inquest will be held
at 9 o'clock this morning by Coroner Hill.
On his person were found the following
notes, the first of which was in ink. It
runs as follows:
SAX FRANCISCO, December 2S, 1898.
To the Coroner of the City of San Francisco —
Pir: I don't think It is necessary to hold any
Inquest on me. The fact Is I was watching
on the tea wall to last month and I caught a
severe cold there. Through It I have a com
pialnt that I am afraid I shall not easily get
rid of. I am in much pain all the time. Three
weeks gene already and I am tired out. I
have written this so that no person shall think
that others have put me away. If I cannot
work I shall only be a burden on my family,
and that I don't Intend to be; so I think this
la best. J. W. WALKER.
In pencil nnd written at later dates
were the following notes:
I don't wish one dollar to be expended on mj
funeral more than is necessary, for It will dc
me no good, and my wife has no money. A
little laudanum did th>- w..rk.
January 4 la. m.— Three doses of laudanum
had no effect, bo I had to hang myself In the
cold yard. -T- W. WALKER.
Came here early In the spring of 1549, mate
on the Australian full-ripced bark Louisa— a
beautiful vessel. Then had charge on the
bonded storeship Edwin with a Chilean crew of
twelve men at $880 ]».-r m>>nth and found In
eyprything. Now I have not a dollar. What's
the use of living?
Please put a stamp on this and pay It to
Mr. Dolling. It merely contains two dollars I
borrowed from him yesterday. I have written
him this morning and told him 1 have done it.
J. W. WALKER.
In the Divorce Courts.
Annie L. Lorenz has been granted a
divorco from John F. Lorenz on the
ground of cruelty. Fergus J. Stewart has
beon granted his application for a divorce
from Minnie Stewart on the ground of
intemperance. Martin Ipsen has sued
Nellie Ipten for a divorce, alleging infi
delity as a causo of action. Suits for di
vorce on the ground of failure to provide
have been filed by Caroline C. Steele
p.gainst John G. Steele and Elizabeth Bre
hany against Martin Brehany.
Elizabeth Hohnen was granted a di
vorce from Harold Hohnen yesterday on
the ground of willful desertion.
CHARLES A. BEELER
IS STILL AT LARGE
NO CLEW TO THE ABSCONDING
WELLS-FARGO CLERK.
It Was Rumored That He Had Sailed
for Mexico on the Ship
Reaper.
Charles A. Beeler, the "Wells-Fargo de
livery clerk who absconded from San An
tonio, Texas, with $50,000 belonging to the
Southern Pacific Company, notwithstand
ing every trap that has been laid by the
detectives to capture him, is still at large.
About six hours after the ship Reaper
left the dock yesterday morning informa
tion was given to the Wells-Fargo office
in this city that Beeler had taken pas
sage aboard her and was on his way to
Mexico. One of the employes of the com
pany was immediately detailed to hire a
tugboat and make an effort to overhaul
the vessel. Chief Lees assigned Officers
Ellis and Ferguson of the Harbor Police
to accompany him and bring Beeler back
to the city in case he was found on the
vessel.
After several hours of fruitless pursuU
the ship was finally sighted about twenty
miles south of the Farallon Islands.
Upon finally overtaking it the tug was
brought alongside and the officers were
allowed to go aboard her. Every inch of
the vessel was searched, but no trace of
the absconding clerk was found. Upon
being convinced that Beeler was not on
board, the agent of the company and the
two officers returned to the city.
Beeler had been employed by the Wells-
Fargo Company for nine years prior to
the date of the robbery. On the day the
money was stolen he was engaged in de
livering cash that had been intrusted to
his employers. Among the largest sums
that were given him for delivery was
$50,000, which he was instructed to carry
to the Southern Pacific Railroad office in
San Antonio. Several hours after the
money had been turned over to him his
horse and wagon, which he used for the
purpose of delivering the various money
orders, was found about five miles west
of San Antonio. Not the slightest trace of
the clerk could be found. It was reported
that he had been robbed and murdered,
but this was denied as he was seen alive
the day after the robbery. The presump
tion is that he was then making his way
toward Mexico, but knowing that he was
closely pursued he altered his course, se
lecting this city ;ls the best means of get
ting out of the country.
It was while acting under this theory
that the rumor was circulated that he had
taken passage on board the Reaper for
Mexico.
TO BE MUSTERED OUT.
Eighth California and Bateries B and
C, California Artillery.
The officers and men of the Eighth Cali
fornia Regiment will soon be simply plain
citizens. Major General Merriam will to
day issue orders that will cause the men
of the Eighth to doff the blue and put on
the garb of the citizen. Orders were re
ceived at department headquarters yes
terday for the immediate mustering out
of the Eighth Regiment and Batteries B
and C of the California Heavy Artillery.
Captain Pratt of the Third Artillery, who
mustered out the Seventh Regiment, will
I:i all probability muster out the Eighth
and the two batteries. One of the bat
teries is at Angel Island and the other is
at present at Fort Canby. Battery B is
doing garrison duty at the former station
and Battery C at the latter.
General Merriam said yesterday that he
could not state whether the companies of
the Eighth Kegiment now at Vancouver
Barracks and Benicla would be brought
to the Presidio for tho purpose of being
mustered out, but that in all probability
tiny would be ordered here. The Twen
tieth Regiment, United States Infantry,
which has been ordered to the Philip
pines, will arrive here about the last of
next week. General Merriam also stated
that Major General Shafter would arrive
here about next Tuesday to assume com
mand of the department and that he
would leave on the 15th inst. to resume hia
old command of the Department of Colo
rado. The Twentieth Regiment on its
arrival here will go into camp at the Pre
sidio, and will probably be hero for sev
eral weeks before leaving for the Philip
pines.
FIRE LADDIES ACTIVE.
Meeting of the Paid "Vets" and
Foregatherings in Prospect.
The fifth meeting of the Veteran Paid
P"!remen's Association of San Francisco
was held last evening in Justice Barry's
courtroom, when several new members
were enrolled. It was decided to, elect
permanent officers the first meeting held
after the banquet to be held next Satur
day (veiling. Several old fire laddies told
stirring incidents of the past. Richard
Cox, assistant chief, retired, George Ken
nard, Hugh J. Colvl" Fred Hensley, Cap
tain William Burns, Charles Bell and
Captain McDowell kept the meeting hot
about the hot battles to subdue hot flames
in days gone by under vie old chiefs,
Whitney, Ackerson and Scannell.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso
ciation of California will hold a spirited
election for officers on Tuesday evening.
The annual meeting and banquet of the
Exempt Fin? Company will be to-night.
Postal Clerks for Iloilo.
The Postoffice Department has appoint
ed George H. Wheeler, William R. Jones
and Joseph A^ Fealy for duty in the
Philippines, an "increase in the Postoffice
force being deemed necessary by reason
of the contemplated occupation of Iloilo
by the United States. The city of Iloilo
contains a population of 303,000 and is the
next city to Manila in importance.
The new appointees will leave on the
next transport that sails from this port.
The Iliolo postofflce will be a branch of
the San Francisco Postoffice.
Asked to Be Dissolved.
The Hale and Norcross Silver Mining
Company has petitioned the Supreme
Court through its board of directors— M.
W. Fox, Edward Barry, A. W. Moore, G.
C. Sneider, W. J. Dale, Frank Mahon and
George P. Thurston— for dissolution. Tho
company ■was originally incorporated
March 19, IS6I. A new company, incor
porated a few days ago, as the Hale and
Norcross Mining Company takes the place
of the old company.
THE WORLD'S THEATERS.
Their Comparative Size, Earnings
and Income — Fires.
The greatest theater proprietor in the
■world is the Czar of Russia. No theat
rical manager pays so much money for
the privilege of owning places of
amusement. He owns no fewer than
seven big theaters in St. Petersburg
and Moscow. Next to the Czar the
largest theatrical patron in the world
is Emperor William, who assists two
theaters at Berlin and three in the
provinces, which together cost him
about £150,000 per annum.
These statements are made on the
authority of Edwin O. Sachs, who. with
a corps of assistants, has spent much
of the past eight years in collecting
data. He classifies the theaters of Eu
rope Into three groups — court theaters,
national and government theaters,
municipal theaters and subscription
theaters with or without subsidy. Of
these the private theater is. of course,
the only one conducted purely on a
business and speculative basis. Of
these, England is essentially the home,
for here there is as yet no form of
subsidy whatever.
Mr. Sachs has devoted considerable
time to securing diagrams of all the
principal theaters of the world, and
these diagrams give an excellent idea
of the comparative size of the latest
European places of amusement. With
in the National Opera House. Paris.
DOyly Carte's Theater and the Shakes
peare Memorial Theater could be cozily
stowe daway on the stage and audi
torium, and there would be ample room
for the Court Theater, Sloane Sauare.
In the grand staircase, and probably
the Duke of York's into the principal
foyer.
The theater maintaining the largest
permanent staff in Europe is the Vi
enna Opera House, where there are 756
persons in permanent employ, of whom
300 are performers. The Emperor of
Austria gives the two court theaters
a*t Vienna about £50,000 per annum.
The French Government contributes
the same amount to four Paris the
aters.
The most wonderful example of local
subsidizing of theaters is probably that
at Worms, in South Germany. At a
time when this was only a town of
23,000 inhabitants. £12,000 per annum
was raised by voluntary contributions,
the District Council subscribed £5000.
and the Municipal Savings Bank
loaned £7500 at a nominal rate of in
terest. The balance of the £25,000 was
made up at the bazaars, etc. The con
tributions thus amounted to over £1
per head.
On the subject of seating capacity
and cost of construction of the great
theaters of Europe, Mr. Sachs gives
some wonderful tables. The groat
Paris Opera House holds an audience
of 2166, and cost £1,500,000.
The new theater at Wolverhanvoton
holds exactly the same audience, and
cost £13,500. The Budapest Opera
House cost £266,000 for an audience of
1250, and the Vienna Hofburs: Theater
£550,000 for an audience of 1755.
Of recent London theaters. Her Mai
estv's Theater is put down at £60,000.
DOyly Carte's, now the Palace Variety,
is supposed to have cost the most
money, i. c., over £150,000.
Drury Lane is supposed to hold 2500.
Covent Garden 2300. and the Palace,
just referred to, was built to accommo
date 1562.
On the subject of theater fires. Mr.
Sachs records no fewer than 1100 catas
trophes between 1797 and 1897. The
statistics show that the outbreak gen
erally occurs on the stage; that nearly
half take place during- the night after
the performance, while only about a
seventh of the number nappen while
the audience is in the building.
January is the heaviest month fur
fires in the playhouse. Their number is
on the increase, for there were 360 in
this decade, as compared with 309 of
the previous decade, but the number
of theaters is, of course, rapidly grow
ing.
London heads the list of theater fires
with thirty-five in twenty-seven build
ings, but the loss of life has been nom
inal. New York has had forty-one fires;
Paris thirty-one.— London Mail.
A CONTRACT JOB.
How the Creek Was Quickly Turned
Into a Little Hollow Near By.
"I was only ten years old when I se
cured my first contract," said the well
known contractor, who was in a talka
tive mood.
"My father was living on a farm at
the time, and as winter drew nigh he
conceived the plan of turning the little
creek that ran through the farm into
a hollow near by, thus forming a pond
from which to cut ice during the win
ter.
"My father figured up the cost, and
finding that it amounted to more than
he had thought it would, was about to
give it up, when I looked the situation
over, and told him that I would take the
contract for $10. He laughed and told
me to go ahead, not dreaming for an
instant that I would have ambition
enough to begin on the work, as up to
that time I had not shown a liking for
hard labor.
"I called the boys of the neighborhood
together and placed the situation before
them. The nearest pond was a matter
of ten miles away, and even a boy with
a pair of brand-new skates did not
thrill at the prospect of walking that
far for a skate. I showed them how,
with a little work, we could have a
place to skate right at home. They fell
in with the idea, and we went to work
to carry out the plan.
"We were over a month working at
it; that is, the other boys were while I
stood around and bossed the job.
"I was proud of the work when It was
finished, and I think my father was,
too, although he couldn't see for the life
of him how I managed to secure so
much helf> for nothing.
"With the first heavy freeze there
was a rush for the pond by the bovg
that was only equaled by the rush away
from it when father discovered them
there and started after them with a
horsewhip.
"He said that he wasn't goin' to have
'a lot of fine ice split by a pack of
pesky boys skatin' on it.'
"I think the incident had a certain in
fluence upon my choice of a profession,
as it taught m^ that there was money
in contracting."— Detroit Free Press.
No Room for Doubt.
"Do you doubt my word?" exclaimed
Mrs. Wiggins. - .
They were occupying "»mrtments in a
modern flat.
"No," replied her husband quietly:
"there isn't any room here for doubt."
Ohio State Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pianos.
Second-Hand
Chickering Upright
$165:
Special Reduction on
Conover and
Pianos This Week
CLARK WISE & CO.
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
AND
CARPETS !
A tremendous line of all grade? of FURNI-
TURE, CARPETS, ETC., just arrived too late
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded we have marked all goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.- •■• .■'-=.::
. Liberal credit to all.
T. B. BRILLIANT, Successor
AROXSON FURNITURE CO. '
333 and 340 Post St., bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main ISSO. Free delivery across the bay.
BBKP" l. . -.?WHli Drying preparations slmp-
ly dry
fil^.sWi/KjcoLDi CATARRH.
"<c/W JWtini They dry up the secre-
KflW-KVEft (?S)S ./I "on* which decompose,
ESI JvS £^P causing a far more serious
vW* -«^i© form " catarrh than the
fg%^_ ,/ orlinary. Don't neglect
:^fc^^ _^<*'^Skß yur catarrh.
pte^ Ely's Cream Balm
Cream Balm is placed . into the nostrils,
spread over the membrane and is absorbed
Relief is immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying— not produce sneezing. Large,
: 60c: Trial Size, 10c: at Druggists or by tnall.
I ■ ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., New York.
■ .
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
' I NERVOUS | LOST I
! I DEBILITY j VITALITY I
I CAN BE j CAN BE I
\ CURED. ! RESTORED. I
♦ I ♦
o • •••••••+ o
o Until DR. MEYERS & CO. entered ♦
» the field as specialists for all diseases o
0 .-vr.l weaknesses of men in ISSI those ♦
1 who were afflicted with these ailments o
o were unable to find anything but tem- x
Z. porary relief, and in many Instances ▼
' even a lull of their suffering, dangers .
0 and embarassments was not afforded ▼
♦ them. DR MET- ♦
jife^^^^S^w-iSi^Ss^. have made a ♦
life-lons study o
(Sg^pgr . ot these trou- +
«wil^? member of if
0 «Sn!^ «co. .*»« their staff is a o
* »*«* f^niMiSPFs graduate from i
0 VI &&? "ffSfSw \r^ It he best 6
♦ \Wf (V^Wschools of i
o \\ Mi* v?sl medicines In q
o V?l S^^ I vr*rl*nsi£. difficult case f
♦ DR. MET- 4
0 ERS & CO. do not simply treat but J,
♦ they CURE— make robust men out of 9
o physical wrecks, and give new vim, +
» hope and ambition. o
2 /VO F* AY TILL CURED I
o BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE. £
♦ PUT THE MONEY IN BANK.— Pa- *'
o tients who have the least doubt about a-
♦ being cured may deposit the price of a I.
O cure in any bank or with any well- ?
? known business house or newspaper in "
0 San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be ?
♦ paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa- ♦
0 tient is convinced that he is perma- °
1 nently cured. t
0 If patients prefer they may take the o
treatment on the installment plan, or ♦ •
0 they may pay the entire price for a euro O
a direct to the doctors and thus obtain a 4
1 liberal discount. o
1 Prices reasonable in all cases", whether 4
♦ rich or poor. o
V All cures as lasting as life. 4
I DR. MEYERS & CO. {
? 731 Market St., S. F. ♦
o Hours, Bto 5 daily. ?
♦ Take Elevator. Eveningrs, 7to 8 . ?
o • Sundays, 9 to 11. °
! ♦ »
SWORN STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND VALUE ON DE-
CEMBER 31. 1898, OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
• OF THE
SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION
f\ CORPORATION,
Doing Business at
532 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Northeast Corner of Webb Street,
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO,.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
ASSETS.
I— PROMISSORY NOTES, secured,
by first lien on real estate with-
in this State, the actual value
of which notes is $15,207,125 33
BONDS of the United States Gov-
ernment and of municipal and
quasi-public corporations, the
actual value of which is '.. 7,213,167 19
Part of these are kept in the ..."
vaults of this corporation and ■■■<.
part in a box rented from the
National Safe Deposit Com-
pany, in the city of New York.
3— BANK PREMISES 450,000 00
Situated at the northeast cor-
ner of California and Webb
streets, in the city of San Fran-
4— OTHER REAL ESTATE 1,438,470 69
Situated in the State of Califor-
nia; part of it is productive,
and it is of the actual value
stated.
S— LOANS ON BONDS AND
STOCKS 209,475 00
All said bonds and stock cer-
tificates are kept in the vaults
of this corporation.
6— SAFES and FURNITURE in the
office of the Bank of the value
of 6,000 00
CASH in U. S. Gold and Silver
Coin 1,321,602 07
Of which there Is: .■ ■■
In Vault • •■■•••••■••■ $401, SI'S 68
In Bank 919,703 39
Total Assets ..$25,844,840. 30
LIABILITIES.
I— TO DEPOSITORS this corpora-
tion owes deposits amounting to
and the actual value of which
is $24,074,736 95
The condition of said deposits is
that they are payable only out
of said assets and axe fully se-
cured thereby. . .
2— TO STOCKHOLDERS:
Capital Stock $1,000,000 00
Reserve Fund 199,264 92
The actual value of which is.. 1,199,264 93-
The condition of said liability
I to Stockholders is that no part
of the amount can be paid to
them, or in any way with-
drawn, except In payment of
losses, during the existence of
the corporation, nor until all
depositors shall have been paid
In full the amount of their de- ;'.*■* • '
posits and declared dividends.
3— CONTINGENT FUND. Including
the amount of accrued but un-
. collected interest on invest-
ments 469,667 64
4— DIVIDENDS UNPAID 6' 99 0 7 $ •
S— GENERAL ACCOUNTS, balance 48,810 44
These accounts embrace
amounts held for purposes of
guarantee and sums the final
application of which has not
been determined.
6— STATE. COUNTY AND CITY
. TAXES:
Balance undisbursed 46,809 B7 '
Total Liabilities ...$25,844.840~30
SAN FRANCISCO, January 4, 1599.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
(Signed.) E. B. POND, President.
(Signed.) LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— ss. , •
E. 8.. POND and LOVELL WHITE, being
each separately and duly sworn each for him-
self, says: That said E. B. POND is Presi-
dent and said LOVELL WHITE is Cashier of
the San Francisco Savings Union, the corpora-
tion above mentioned, and that the foregoing
statement is true. *
(Signed.) E. B. POND.
(Signed.) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of January, A. D. 1899.
JAMES M. ELLIS,
to ct^ q £iSo&^
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists 1 Prescriptions Filled Factors „-
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Mai? 10.
Opticians kod* a k
642 Market St. * .
« chronicle BUILDING
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
COKE! COKeTcOKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brand, of enim»
Twos at HQWA«C AND BEAXda flTfl.DALTON BROS.
ARE FORCED
TO THE WALL
Commission Merchants
Make Assignment.
THEIR DRAFT NOT HONORED
WAS A WELL-KNOWN AND
HONORABLE FIRM.
The American Bank and Trust Com
pany Appoint a Receiver — They
Will jfrobably Resume
Business.
.The firm of Dalton Bros., doing busl
rirss as commission merchants at 317-319
Dfivfs street, made an assignment yester
day afternoon to the American Bunk and
Trust Company for the benefit of their
creditors. It is impossible to ascertain
ih<» .amount of the failure, but it is be-
He'vpd to run up Into the thousands.
r rltruted to the
: the thin. l>i;t the chief one
•)>*- failure of A. T. Hatch, the exten
fruit growei S sun, who failed
Dalton Bros.
i Hal m ot money to
. , 1 :;t this has
LJp ;" a year ago
American Hank and Trust Company
:..:'; .-f the firm for any
Li time they got into trou
..iii the bunking In. use, but it was
. I up somehow and the house ad
: them money apah.. Yesterday,
■ ■ refused to honor the drafi ■•!!
n H!".s. and the assignment was
I: is believed that the Trust
• largest creditor, and they
Iver in to wind up tl
. i] ;u:i:it<- firm.
The failure line as a surprise among
the commission fraternity, for it was be
lieved that the mi was In first-class con
dition, although suffering to some extent
from the hard times prevailing In their
!!:.•• of business.
me to this city from
. ;.. i thirty-five years ago and open
a commission businese on ashing
!!•■ was alwa . .: led as
... and his r< putation in the
i ommunlty n of th>~> highest. He
hi of e\ erj merchant In
■ ent trouble. Sum.- years ago he
r, Henry Palt'm, as
md the firm hat - met
• lr i
■ An old commission merchant who has
known Frank Dalton for forty years said
that the cause if the failure was slack
-Lai sin ess. "I uo not believe," -i<? said,
*'thal half a dozen commission merchants
arc; able to pay their bills at the present
■time. The business in gent-ral has been
<>n the decline, and the Dalton brothers
uro unfortunate enough to be the first to
{y> umler. .1 rosret this occurrence very
iVii'.ih and hoin? they will be able to get
'out of their difficult;
. IX* was learnVil that the ..rm has been
eatrying a large number of fruit-growers
ialong the mento River, and this also
conspired to bring about their ruin.
-'■ : lt is the universal belief on the street
that no one will lose anything by the
failure. The bank has put In a receiver
as. .:i matter of precaution, and it is
inttught that the firm will resume busi
fi.Os'iJ again under more favorable auspices.
\ men rnada "n furniture and pianos, with
1031 Mission.
TWINS MURDERED BY LAW.
According to African Superstition
Their Birth Is Proof of Witchcraft.
Mi! - .•' tii- United Presbyter
ian Mission at < >ld Calabar was a pas
n the Eide Dempster liner Oron,
h left Liverpool recently, and had
with her f'.ur black children whose
eveaj -i painful part of West
can history. Miss Slessor has now
<r twenty-two years in Old
The children are aged, re
flve and Bixteen
c of twins ap
<!if\ in accord
.•. .tli a superstitious custom pre
•;g in the Nicer Coasi Protectorate.
In" the course of an interview Miss
■^lessor said that all twins born were,
according to the native laws, to be put
immediately to death, and it is only
those who have been rescued by the
missionaries und placed beyond the
roach of the native power who have
so far escaped. The children in the
<>r«>n were four of these. Altogether
Miss SlcsKor has herself saved the lives
of fifty-one twins.
When the twins are born they are at
once taken from the mother, and. if no
one intercedes they are taken by the
feet, ar.it head,' and have their backs
broken across a native woman's knee,
In the me way as one would break a
stick. The bodies are then placed in
an earthenware receptacle and taken
t'j the bush, where they are devoured
by the flies, insects or animals. Some
times the little victims are put in these
receptacles alive, and are then eaten
alive in the same way. The mother bo
comes an outcast. If she does not at
once take her own life she has to flee to
the' bush. If Bhe ventures near the
town or village she must see that she
does not remain in the path when any
other native is coming. Her presence,
according to their superstition, would
defile the place for others. She must
not drink from the same spring, must
"not touch anything even belonging to
her- own relatives, and there is little
cause for wonder that she takes away
hfr life, which has become a living
death.
Miss Slessor is accompanied on the
'iron by Miss Mclntosh, and together
they are going to establish a home for
wins. The natives' BU
tltlon is that the birth of twins is
the result of witchcraft and deviltry.
Formerly the mother, as well as the
children, was put to death. The inter
vention of the- white missionaries and
traders has saved hr-r life. Miss Sles
sor wild: 'It is really Impossible to ai
put an end to the horrible native
:n?. There could be no better
rhors than we have at present. Sir
b Moor and sir <"!aude kfacdonald
fca'vr- helped us all they can. We
want them to kill the natives to
. h the mocking prac
. ■ by savins the children
an 3 bringing them up lik- other chll
■ w the natives that they are
\ vri '- • it is their re
ligious belief that makes them kill their
children.
The Levada, Madeira.
whose pe
' • mderstand
we saw thr country carts used upon
them, ihe wheels of these vehicles are
k round with projecting bosses of
•in order I  <• tho
Of coui - • 1V a
urlp of the earth mid dust and
rocks, of which tii- . .,,'
I, and scatters the Kir.ev hlrhwav
around generally with co t h a t
it pleasing to the ;.. How
. -dusty, hot. perspiring, but
,: as < '.'ilhea; . the v .  re _
•■. i thi pi:ic woods an
-. though, are pine woods as
.■I. and when somebody says "Here
Levada at length, and we can
." we joyfully unpack ourselves and
upon our ;■
Around stretches a wide amphitheater
■ mountains clothed with terns and
In tther. and around the sides is a per
level walk beside the watercourse
fj«»vsdn. which runs close to the nioun
side in its stone bed. A mile's walk
hen we come to the narrow black
into which the water runs.
bundle of bamboos or of cedar sticks Is
lighted for a torch, and we plunge into
the darkness and the cold. The water
drips from the rock above our heads,
making pools upon the uneven footway.
The Levada flows black and gleaming in
the torchlight beside us.— Blackwood's
Magazine.
SOME SWEAR-OFF STORIES.
The Moral of Which Is That While
Many Swear Off, but Few Stick.
"I once swore off smoking," said the
clubman. "That was when 1 was young
and did not know myself. I swore off
with a friend, and the penalty was a
suit of clothes to cost $80. The condi
tion was that we were not to smoke in
town. When traveling or hunting or
fishing — out of town, In fact — we would
be allowed to smoke. The scheme
worked well for some time; then I be
gan to want to smoke. I battled with
desire for several weeks, each day of
the period becoming a harder trial than
the preceding. At last, when the long-
Ing became too great I went to see my
partner in misery to tell him that we
had better call the contract off, as I
could not stand it. He was not at home.
He had gone out of town a week before
ar.J would be absent another week.
Then I broke down. The thought of
the party of the second part smoking
himself blue in the face while I suffered
was unbearable. So, with the fine of
$80 staring me in the face, I bought a
and smoked it. It was worth $80,
I thought Hut T did not die for a lamb
only; I smoked a vast quantity of
cigars before he came home. Then 1
went to him and told him to go order
the suit, that I had broken the con
tract. He smiled quietly, as if to him
self, and then said: 'All right, old fel
low; but do not be disturbed about the
suit. I kept the contract just three
flays.' "'
Another man said: "There were two
men in this town who swore off, the
breaker Of the contract to pay th>>
other for a ten-dollar hat. Finally
one of them weakened, saying; to him
self ho did not mind giving >10 for a
smoke. While he meditated over the
matter, however, he thought out a
scheme to save himself on the hat. He
went to the hatter's and bought a ten
do! lar hat and had it charged to the
other fellow. Then he called on the
other fellow, and, pointing to the hat,
said: "See that hat, old boy? It is one
1 have Just had charged to you on that
swr-ar-off contract.' The other fellow
cried out: "How in the dickens did
you find out I had been smoking?'
r mind.' said the other. 'A little
bird told me.' "
"Well, 1 swore off," said another club
man, "and to make the matter memor
able 1 handed a dozen fine Havana
cigars to a friend, telling him to smoke
th-mi, as I had sworn off. I was like
the man who found the first day pretty
bad, the second horrible, and the third
no trouble at all, because he began
again to smoke. About the third day
my resolution died out, and then I
thought of the fine Havanas. I met my
friend. Where are those twelve cigars
I loaned you'. 1 ' I asked. "Here," he said,
1 knew you would want them again."
And he took one for deposit charges.
I smoked the rest."
'I swore "ff once." said another club
man, "and it was just as easy as any
thing you ever heard of. I did it by
logic. 1 found 1 was smoking one cigar
after another and never getting enough,
so I said to myself that if I had to de
■ myself at some time 1 might as
well begin with the first as with the
ith cigar. Thus I convinced my
self I would have no greater difficulty
than in refusing the steenth cigar, and
such proved to be the case. I had not
th" slightest longing for tobacco after
I had made up my mind that I hud
quit. I kept a box of cigars on the
mantel, for I said I mie-ht want to
smoke, and I did not intend to treat
mj self as one in whom 1 had no con
fidence.
"Now mark what happened. About a
month after I had stopped smoking I
began to have periodical indigestion.
followed by cramps, which came on at
a certain hour of the evening of each
day and grew worse and worse until
they were quite serious. I tried all
kinds of diet and even starved myself,
but without relief. At last, on the night
of a strikers' ball I was actually un
able to go out. although I had made a
great effort and succeeded in dressing
for the entertainment. I lay in bed
and groaned for several hours. The
next day was New Year's and of course,
there was a holiday dinner at my
house. Said I: 'I have dieted and
starved myself and it is doing no good.
I will eat one good square meal and
then die.' Bo I sat at the table and ate
everything in sight — made a regular
feast of it. Then, as I was booked for
the grave, or thought I was, I said I
would make a complete job of it and
smoke a cigar. I did not feel the want
of a cigar. The taste had not plagued
me in the slightest all that time. But I
smoked now just to go out of the world
in decent style, like a good diner
should. Then I smoked another cigar.
Having done my duty I patiently
awaited for the pains to begin. They
did not do so, nor have they at any
time since done so. I have not had
trouble from that day to this."— Mobile
Daily Register.
Calumet's Mixed Population.
The Western mining camp of three and
four decades ago has been immortalized
by Bret Harte and other lesser but capa
ble writers of mingled fact and fiction. i
There are to-day greater mining camps I
in the United States than ever before In '
its history, for the country now leads the
world in the production of mineral j
wealth. Rut the camps of to-day are lit
tle like their predecessors of the fifties I
and sixties. Mining has become more of a
science and less of a gamble; law, order !
and starched shirts have replaced the pic- i
turesque garb and more picturesque pro- !
fanity of the early days, and to-day tne i
miner is as apt to be a deacon In th« i
Methodist church as a reckless mortal I
who divides his time between working on I
a grubstake when in hard luck and play-
Ing faro bank when flush with funds.
The greatest mining camp in the world is
Johannesburg, in far-away South Africa, !
where gold is mined at the rate of $5,000.- j
000 and $8,000,000 a month. The second larg
est is Butte. Mont., and closely press
ing it is Calumet, Mich. Both Butte and
Calumet are copper camps, and it Is a no- '
table fact that, with the sole exception i
of the Kimberly diamond mines, the most I
profitable mining properties of the entire I
world are those producing copper.
Ethnologlcallv. Calumet is a composite.
It is doubtful if there is another town in !
the country wher there is so small a pro- I
portion of American-born residents. |
There is the usual number of Chinese ;
laundrymen and a Chinese restaurateur,
Japanese curio dealers, Cornish miners j
from England, fully five thousand Finns i
from Russia, French-Canadians, Ger
mans, Irish. Swedes. Norwegians, Ital- !
tans, Austrlans, Slavs. Slovak?. Sloveni
ans, Ruthenlans, Dalmatians, Bohemians, I
Hungarians, Illyrians. Jews. Poles, Rus- I
sians, Hollanders. Danes. Belgians, Swiss, '
Syrians, Arabs and people whose nation
afties it is almost impossible to classify.
Ruffle*- It to say that at the present time -
there are no less than thirty-four differ
ent languages spoken in Calumet. The i
immigrants usually modify their cos- I
tumes in partial compliance with Ameri- i
can fashions, but many of them retain I
some distinguishing article of dress or j
headwear. The Italians cling to their full- j
fashioned trousers, cut upon the most
ridiculous bias, and the Finnish women
adhere to handkerchiefs of gaudy hue for I
head covering, while their husbands cling
to the home-made shoe-pacs, ungainly in
appearance, but much warmer and cheap
er than the footwear from Massachusetts
factories. Newcomers from the moun
tains of Southern Austria part with the I
cocks feathers in their hats reluctantly, !
and the Syrians exhibit their fondness for i
dazzling reds and yellows. One fact i
stands out very prominently amid this
Jumble of styles and colors— the Ameri
can-born children of these foreign deni
zens refuse to wear anything but gar
ments conforming to the American stand
ardard. The old folks can dress as they j
please, but the rising generation is Van- i
kee, through and through.— From a letter
to the Boston Transcript.
The Plnninkinnink Coal Company has
on exhibitlo . at its offices In Clurks
burgr, W. Va., a lump of coal taken last
week from Its mines weighing over
10,000 pounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
SENECA SWALM NO MORE
A Famous Figure in the Clara McDonald
Scandal Passes Away.
® /~*\ ENECA AUGUSTUS SWALM. who in his palmy days set a ®
S pace in the Tenderloin that has never been equaled, and who ®
® became notorious through his connection with the Clara Me- ®
® \*-S Donald case and his subsequent imprisonment, Is dead. Not- ®
® withstanding his trials and degradation he succeeded in keeping ®
® his vow that he would not die in the County Hospital. He passed ®
® away at the home of a friend, 1512 Larkin street, yesterday. ®
About three months ago, at the time the accompanying portrait
was taken. Swalm, the one-time successful business man, with "money
to burn," had degenerated into a genteel and persistent saloon bum,
who obtained money from his friends to secure food and lodging and
invariably spent it all for whisky, walking the streets at night to save
the price of a cheap bed.
In the famous trial in which he was accused of stealing jewels
and securities from his intimate, Clara Belle McDonald, the former
wife of the now notorious •'Dick" McDonald of Pacific Bank fame, the
woman's testimony consigned Swalm to San ijuentin for seven years.
He nerved live and a half years, and upon his release wrote a book en
titled "He Shall Be Damned." It was a story of his life and a roast
for the McDonald family. The fabulous sum of $40,000 was offered
Swalm for the copyright, but he had the book dramatized and refused
to sell for U-ss than $100,000. He took a large number of subscriptions
for the book and collected a large amount of money In advance. How
ever, the publication never appeared, but Swalm took the funds and
what he hail when he left prison and went the same old hot pace as
long as he had a dollar left. He was the idol of the Tenderloin and
the best thing in town for the "cabbies," his hack bills averaging
$100 per month. He was regarded as the ablest life Insurance so
licitor in town and is said to have been the only man who ever suc
ceeded in writing a policy for the late "Jim" Fair.
The story of Swalm's life just prior to- the time he got Into trouble
is a very shady one and will probably never be written. Deceased
was about 47 years old. The immediate cause of death was paralysis.
He was a native of New York.
® ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®(»'®®®<S>
A NEW MEGAPHONE.
Orators lo Be Audible at a Distance
of Mijefe.
Provisional protection has just been
granted for an invention that is said to
carry the voice loudly and clearly for a
distance of miles.
It is claimed by the inventor that
the fitting of his apparatus in the
House of Commons, and connecting it
to Hyde Park, would allow of
thousands of people hearing in clear
tcmes every word spoken In the Parlia
mentary chamber.
This discovery of the power to mag
nify all sounds, both vocal and instru
mental, has been made by Horace L.
Short consulting mechanical engineer,
of New Maldon, Surrey. The inventor
has a varied and world-wide experi
ence, although only a young man. Edu
cated at the Risley Grammar Scho-ul,
Derby, he was afterward employed at
the Stanton Iron Works in the Mid
lands, at Messrs. Crompton & Co.'s,
electricians, and ultimately at the
Chatham dockyard. He resigned this
last position to go to Mexico as chief
engineer of the Compagnie Mint-rale de
Panuco. It was there that he brought
his experiments, with what is really a
phonographic voice trumpet of great
distance-covering capacity, to the
pitch of what he regards as practical
success.
A Dally Mail representative saw the
instrument working indoors, and had
an Interview with Mr. Short, who took
the apparatus to pieces in his presence.
The simplicity of the discovery is, per
haps, the most important part of the
Invention. Without divulging any de
tails which it is necessary to keep a se
cret until the patents now applied for
in different parts of the world have
been granted, it may be stated that the
apparatus consists of a phonograph
with special cylinders and bearing a
funnel-shaped mouthpiece.
Most persons have heard with tubes
in tht-ir ears the records of the phono
graph. The new instrument gives forth
the musical and vocal sounds in such
volumes as to be almost deafening in
an ordinary-sized room, and, ag Mr.
Short showed, he could increase this
volume at will.
"My instrument," he said, "will
work distinctly and with satisfaction
over two miles, and this 1 have actually
proved. It is only six months since I
returned to England, but the experi
ments made in that time convince me
that the voice can be conveyed over
treble that distance with ease. My first
Idea of its use was for ship captains
when in a heavy fog at sea, or for ships
passing each other at night at a dis
tance when their lights only were vis
ible. Now, however, I realize that
telephones can be made by the new
sound magnifier to amplify a speaker's
voice so that it will fill the largest hall.
This will allow of a political speaker or
professional vocalist entertaining three
or femr audiences seated in halls wide
apart at one and the same time.
"In time of war the admiral In com
mand will by means of my inven
tion be able to issue his own order? by
word of mouth to the different ships of
his squadron. Lighthouses may speak
to ships in dangerous positions, and the
vessels themselves communicate in the
same way with the coast by aid of this
Invention. Orderlies will no longer
risk their lives, except where abso
lute secrecy is required, in carrying
orders under fire from a commanding
general to the battalions of his army.
"Just as the power of the eye has
been increased, so that the distance be
tween the heavens and the earth has
been considerably decreased, so has
this discovery intensified the space over
which the human voice, and sound gen
erally, will travel."— London Daily
Mail.
DOWN EAST SAKDINES.
Not for Years Have Its Factories
Done So Well as Now.
There have been unusual evidences
of prosperity in Milbridge during the
Bummer, notwithstanding the fact that
it has been an off year for business all
over the country. The shipping has suf
fered to some extent on account of the
war, and there have been no vessels
built in this vicinity, but the sardine
fishing and granite industries have
flourished and a large amount of busi
ness has been done.
The sardine factories in Milbridge
have not done so well in years as they
hay« this season. The herring have
been plenty ever since early spring, and
the factories have never been obliged
to stop work a single day for the want
of fish. The herring now are striking
off, and are not much caught in the
weirs, but plenty of them are found at
difforent points from Grand Menan to
Mount Desert Island, so that the fac
tories are assured of a good supply un
til they close up in December.
Thousands of cases of sardines have
been packed by the two factories here,
and as the price has been fairly good
during the summer the packers have
made money. As far as this season is
concerned the packers here are glad the
sardine trust was not formed, as they
s;iy that they have realized more from
their packs this season than they could
have got from the trust.
It is estimated that the sardine pack
this year will be double what it was
last season. The factories have kept
many people constantly employed, the
fishermen have found a ready sale for
their herring:, and everybody here has
got a taste of the prosperity. The em
ployes of the factories have received
fairly good waers and steady employ
ment, so that all have been able to lay
up Bomathittg for the winter. — Bangor
Whig and Courier.
Too Long, Though Cut.
A new play by a not unknown play
wright was road recently to th^ company
of a London theater by the author, whose
I spoken laiiKuago tenrls to the elision of
i the aspirate. "Well." asked a Mend of
(■tip of the rompany after the rending
"what did you think of A— 'a play?"
"Too lonj?, too long," was the reply;
"took three hours to read, without the
'h's.' "—London Chronicle.
A spotted hyena was recently killed
on Baron Lichtenbeiß's estate at RaK
chitz, in Carniolu, Austria. The ani
mai's stomach contained feathers and
maize. It hap been ascertained that
it escaped from a menagerie near Lai
bach in April last.
DO NOT WIT
THE MARRIAGE
TIES BROKEN
New Trouble Over the
Stoddard Nuptials.
HIS WIFE'S PEOPLE ANGRY
THEY SAY HE MUST LIVE
WITH HIS BRIDE.
An Ante-Matrimonial Agreement to
Separate That Is Being Strained
to the Bursting
Point.
There Is more trouble brewing over the
Stoddard-'Wilson nuptials, solemnized so
suddenly and sensationally on December
13 la.st. The trouble again comes from
the your.g lady's side of the house, and
is due to the fact that Stoddard has re
fused to live with his young wife and is
about to commence proceedings to have
tlii' marriage annulled.
When Stoddard, yielding to pressure of
the most energetic character, agreed to
marry Irma AVilHon he did so with the
understanding that lie would give the
girl his name, but not his company; and
when fifteen minutes after the wedding
he left her and her mother it was "for
good," and he says ail parties under-
Btood it to be so.
Since his marriage Stoddard has re
ceived praise enuugh for being willing to
repair a wrong, but not much for the
wisdom of his willingness, the comments
coming chiefly from his father, Captain
Stoddard of Reno. The elder Stoddard is
not anxious to have the girl for his
daughter-in-law, and under his direction
young btoddard. is preparing a suit to
have the marriage annulled on the ground
of coercion, backed by the fact that he
has never lived with his wife.
When news of his intentions reached
Sacramento, whore, since the marriage,
Irma Wilson-Stoddard and her mother,
Mrs. Overly, have been staying, the girl
and her mother and her stepfather start
ed at once for here. They arrived Monday
evening.
The girl's people have had one interview
with the young husband, the substance
of which \v;iH an Inquiry on their part
as to what he was going to do, and a
reply on his that he was going to have
the marriage annulled according to agree
ment. They said it was not right, that
the girl's reputation was being Injured
by liis absence from her side, and he de
clared he had done nil they had demanded
of him. and for anything further they
could talk to his attorney, E. N. !>'>u
prey. There were some threats and high
words and then the girl's mother secured
the services of W. H. H. Hart, and the
fight is on.
"I have kept my part of the agree
ment," said Btoddard last night, "and I
do not intend to do any more. It was un
derstood at the time r married the girl
that I was never to live with her. and I
never have lived with her. There was no
reason why I should have married her in
the first place except that I was harried
by threats, and I thought to prevent scan
dal for both of us by consenting to the
ceremony.
"I made a mistake, but I do not intend
to make the further mistake of living
With the girl. One of the conditions was
that I should secure a separation, and
they have no right now to try to force me
to absolve them from their agreement.
They threaten to expose me, but every
thing that could be published about me
has been published, so what further is
said can do no more harm."
The Climate of Cape Colony.
The climate of the Cape Colony, and In
deed of South Africa, may be compared to
that of the south of Europe and the north
of Africa, with frnst and snow on the
highest lands and subtropical belts on the
lowest lying parts, as in Natal, Zululand
and Mashonaland. It may be roughly
sail that any part of South Africa is
better for those suffering from chest com
plaint than is the climate of our home
country at the most trying part of the
year. But those who come to South
Africa hoping to escape from this disease
should not, as a general rule, delay on the
CO;ist.
The Cape Peninsula is delightful for
most people, but it is not by any means
best for those who are constitutionally
inclined to consumption. They must
leave the coast, n< m.-itur how many in
ducements there may be for them to stay,
and rlimb the tableland, which faces them
at whatever port they may land. At ir
regular distances from the sea we have
probably nowhere more than a hundred
OF INTERES T
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any *T tk« F*ll«vta«; Tlnmt Pliau Montioi "Tin C»ll"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
iWH- SCHOENING,^ ip B p a a y de sUpplled -
BELTING.
Ln fIPfiFN Manufacturer of Belting rind
. I. VEUCrI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 862.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5046.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAM FRANCISCO SEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
'Periodicals. Books and' Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O''RRIFN £ CftVC-Mak«r» and Dealers In
DIUCn tt pUNOLandaus, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate ave. and Polk
«t., San Francisco. . ; _' ;
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
: Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & C0.,. practical coppersmiths,
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing. Unproved con-
tinuous 'tills, etc. 413 Mission st., near First:
all work guaranteed.
''':,■ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
II RftYFS £ fft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUICJ ttVU,, Clay. Tel Main 1294;
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
A||i|f\ .-. Hunters' - Equipments, Fishing
lallnlV Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
JlltJ for catalogue GKO. W. BHREVE
V 1 "** 759 Market street.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hard ware Co.. lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Mnrket. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedley. Proo*..
234 Fremont St. Casting? of ETery De.
ccriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
miles nf low-lying coast land? before we
ascend. Once on the tableland, so far as
climate goes, it matters not in what di
rection health-seekers proceed, the cli
mate is equally good.— Good Words.
LONDON LADIES' PETS.
Queer and Weird Creatures Which
Find Favor in England.
In the ordinary course of things
wolves are not regarded as desirable
household pets; but in the neighbor
hood of Regent's Park, appropriately
enough, there is one often to be seen
taking its walks abroad, securely muz
zled, and in the charge of either a lady
or a gentleman.
A Daily Mai! representative called
the attention of Albert E. Jamrach. the
naturalist, of St. George street East, to
the fact, and asked him whether keep
la* 1 wild animals as pets was coming
at all into vogue. His reply was that,
while wolves were not popular pets
among ladits, there were some very
weird creatures from the desert, or the
prairie, or the jungle that nowadays
found their way into a household.
Several instances were given. As a
rule, he said, ladies prefer small ani
mals as pets. A very popular pet is
the coati, which is sometimes
knuwn as an ant-eater, its home is In
South America, and it very quickly be
comes tame. It is, about the ?ize of a
badger, and can be safely kei>t in the
house, or it can be allowed to frolic
about the garden if there are not any
flowers in the way.
The suricat, which comes from South
Africa, very readliy submits to a quiet
domestic life. The late Frank Buck
land always kept two specimens in his
room. The suricat is a carniverous
animal, about as large as a ferret, and
is a great favorite with Zulus and
Kaffirs, who almost worship it.
Lately there has been a great demand
for the mongoose, a curious little ani
mal which is introduced in one of Rud
yard Kipling's famous jungle stories.
The mongoose, which no doubt owes its
popularity to Kipling, has rather a
fiery spirit, and is useful as a rat
catcher, but it can be remarkably tame,
and then it finds a warm place in the
hearts of lady admirers.
Up to a few years ago th<= kinkajou,
a native of South America, had a
prominent place in English homes, but
it ran away before the advance of the
railway engine, and is now running
wild in inaccessible parts of the great
southern continent. Formerly the kin
kajou, which has a very fine prehensile
tail, was seen in many houses but it
is now rarely seen. There is one In
the Zoological Gardens, and the keeper
proudly points it out to ladies, who
at once fall in love with it. Among
animals other than dogs which ladies
keep as pets are large squirrels, Aus
tralian opossums and kangaroos.
• Birds as p» ts have gone almost nut of
fashion, and there Is now scarcely any
demand for them. In the old days,
well-stocked aviaries were to be seen
in nearly every ladv'p house, but the
poor birds have been forsaken since the
advent of bicycles, and they are scarce
ly ever inquired for now.
At the present time the most popular j
birr! is the orange-flanked parrakeet,
which is delightfully tame, one of Its
principal recommendations beinsr that |
it willingly takes Its food while perched |
on a lady's finger.— London Daily Mail, j
The Crop of Fools.
I have repeatedly advffied my readers i
that any concern that will guarantee
more than the legal rate of Interest may j
b.. sot down aa a fraud. Millions of idle
capital are soklnp Investment In New
York at the legal rate of interest and will :
pay a bonus to obtain thin rate. It is i
therefore, unnecessary for those who
hnvp "sure thinps" in the Investment lfno
to hunt up subscribers.
The police of New York lias just broken i
up a gaiiß which lias been operating as ;
bankers and brokers In handsome offires j
near Wall street, and whiih has scatter- j
ed alluring circulars throughout thy coon- j
try explaining how enormous profits
could be made in wheat and stocks be- j
cause of the firm's alleged olose oonnoc- !
tion with Armour, Letter and other ram- !
ous operators. A real estate speculative
branch was connected with this stock ;
brokerage firm, and it was doing a s^vlm- |
ming business when the police stepped in !
and arrested the entire outfit. So many
warnings have been given in reference '
to the operations of similar schemes that
it would seem as if the Intelligent public
would be thoroughly informed regarding i
such matters, but it has been well said
that "the crop of fools is eternal."— Frank
Leslie's Weekly.
An Early "Too Too."
I think that we hnd discussions many
years ago about the early use of this
now, fortunately, decadent expression. I
have just come across it in Johnson's
I translation of "Ambrose Parey," London,
16411. folio:
"That leaving this tno too cruel way of
healing (by the actnnl cautery), they
. would embrace this n»w (by tying the
arteries), which I thtnk was taught me
! by the special favor of the sacred Deity."
—P. 341. — Notes and Queries.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO. .
Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres. Tweeds an*
Flannels. 835 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading cry-good= store*.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
6YZ & CO., Agents.
_____^ Ml California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
JtILLHffICI I L 722 Montgomery Straat.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO arid MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING. "
E C HUGHES, Hl B
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
c°£e a s ' C PARTRIDGE fo^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO ■ l]TAzl<£; 9 ,
TYPEWRITERS.
H|L All Typewriters Rented.
CN~-riE9» Few partly used for sale cheap.
tffcMElL AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
'«3 : p?^ k L. & M. ALEXANDER.
~^^Si^tsSS 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 92S Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwnrdlng Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914. j
WATCHES. ETC.
TI FtWnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUfll/l> ul! if.it Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined ny the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Placing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. 11. 6927.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This is the sum the policy-
| holders of The Mutual Life In-
| surance Company of New York
have accumulated for their own
protection. It is
THE GREAT FAMILY
FUND OF THE
WORLD.
You can have a share in it at
| the lowest possible cost consistent
with security and the rights of all.
THE NEW POLICY
ISSUED
JANUARY 1, 1899,
Provides :
The best of all investments.
Liberal loans to the insured.
Cash surrender values.
Automatic paid-up insurance.
Option for extended term in-
surance. All the advantages and
i the exact amount of the financial
benefits are set forth in the policy.
Nothing doubtful. No techni-
calities.
It is the best policy of the best
company.
It is the best policy for an
agent to sell.
Apply for further information to
A. B. FORBES & SON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
wntff INTOX*
° THBRS /7 AbDL/BhL \ ICAMT
FAIL a HngKjg
jfM itT A Ariiantiaf^t f^%
*'*£' so^Ms£fl Heft r <
| Xoearthly excuse for women
TO BE AFFLICTED WITH POOR COM-
PLEXIONS WITH THIS INCOMPARABLE
LIQUID MALT POOD AT THEIR BECK AND
CALL • ■ ' •* *. 4
POOR COMPLEXIONS. CAUSED BY THIN.
STARVED BLOOD AND FAULTY DIGESTION.
ARE SWEPT AWAY BY THE MAGIC TOUCH
OF NIALT-VIVINE. — «.
IT PRODUCES RICH. PURE BLOOD, OOOD
DIGESTION AND IN CONSEQUENCE A CLEAR,
HEALTHY COMPLEXION. -
ALL DRUGGIST*.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
milwaukee.usa. 1
Louis Cohen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kcarny Street.
A PRESTIDIGITATOR
Can work no more magical effects than
we produce on soiled linen.
Our work Is modern; our methods
perfect, and the magical effects of no
"saw edges" on garments leaving our
establishment is noticeable on every
one of our patrons' faces.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
SDR. HALL'S REIN YIGORATGR
Five handled reward for any case
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
flops all losses In 24 hours, cures
Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
Conorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
_k^«, sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073'* Market St.. 8. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for tn* book.
v^SBS>>A>l ar Big fit a non-pohonoikj
< <^4wSr* " ■"tfi^M re medy for Gonorrhoea.
V||£^UHeS>Hsl Gleet. Spermatorrhoea!
mSBW in 1 to s d«7i.\l Whites, unnatural dig-
JBW acir»ni«4 ■ charge*, or any inflammn-
■■] no' to »trl«ore. tion, irritation or ulcera-
fii ? Pf ' T '° u conation. tion of mucous mem-
R«IrHEEvAN3CHEM!CHCa branes - Non-astringent.
SNAT',O MM! Sold br l>ruesist*,
tH^ U.S. a >eBl ? r sent In plain wrapper,
/W^. " J fx press prepaid, fot
'^^^■■^^l froo-.o' 3 L °"l*»-
■ Circular not oa rac/aafe
■
(* "DAT FMTS 3
%S£^/330MARKET ST7s!r>>aß>y
HOITT'S SCHOOL v ;
Ha* removed from Burllngame to Its new
home at Menlo Park. Pan Mateo County: ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well-"for
business; next term begins January I6th 1599.
IRA G. HOITT, Pn. D., Principal.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Stiver a fraction lower.
Wheat easy. Barley futures lower.
Oats active and higher.
Cora firm, but quiet.
Hay advanced again.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs easy.
Poultry and Game about the snme.
Apples and Limes declined.
Oranges and Lemons dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat market steady.
Increased revenue collections.
A NEW SUIT.
The Guide ushers In the New Year with a
Bew dress, which gives it a tine appearance.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal revenue collections in this district
In December were 1251.837, against $126,621
the same month in lb: c 7. and Incl
for beer, $74. 77;: for spirits, j:..^: r : for i >bacco
and $6S mips. The i ;. 1898
were $3,023,901, against $2,4:<0.472 In 1897.
O UNAGE < (F THE MINT.
The coinage of the 10.-al Mint in 1593 was
i 2,983, agalns< $40,084,292 in 1897, as fol
lows: Doul (M, 503. 500; eagles. $4,73.'i,-
Oui); halt eagles, ■ - dollars, $4,10'
half dollars, $1,179,084; quarter dollars, J:';i5. 140 ;
dimes, $170,261. Tl • I Mint since
Its establishment in 1554 amounts to $1,162,929,
--815, i ; »u> gold.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.34 15.
}{• d Bluff 0.00 6.93 6. 0S
Sacramento ? 0.00 6.02 4. -
tan ranclßcc COO 4.72 4.07
Fresno . 0.00 2.50 1.81
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 3.56 1.58
Los Angeles 0.00 O.SO 2.57
Ban Diego 0.00 1.5 a 1.75
luma 0.00 1.32 0.83
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E0; minimum, 40; mean, 45.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is highest over the Rocky
Mountain region and lowest in Arizona., The
pressure has risen during the past twenty-four
hours over the entire Pacific Slope. There hast
bet-n a slight fall during the last twelve hours
over Northern Montana.
■ The temperature has generally fallen slight
ly. It is below zero in Montana and North
Dakota.
The weather is cloudy over Washington. Ore
gon, !a.h". Utah, Nevada and Northern Cali
fornia. Elsewhere it Is clear.
■ Light rain has fallen in Southwestern Ore-
Bon and along the California coast from Point
Reyes northward. Light snow Is reported from
Nevada and Idaho.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy and un
settled weather in California Thursday.
made at San Francisco for thirty
h"Uis, ending midnight, January 5, Ism):
N' rthern California — cloudy and somewhat
threatening In north portion; fair In south
portton Thursday: fresh, variable wind
vere frost where clear.
■1 crn California— Fair Thursday; light,
variable winds. Severe frost.
Nevada— Cloudy, with scattered snow in
the mountains.
Utah Cloudy, with scattered snow in the
mountains.
Arlrona- Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and viclnltj- — Cloudy and some
what threatening Thurshday; light, variable
winds.
al from Mount Tamalpais— Cloudy: light
ivrthwest wind; temperature, 3S: maximum
temperature, 40. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Stocks were reactionary
tn the forenoon, but forged strongly upward
In tin? afternoon, led by high priced specialties.
Including Brooklyn Transit, Sugar and Tobac
co. The opening was irregular with a tendency
both here and in London to take profits, and
prices reacted moderately after the initial
trading. Professional traders sought diligently
to reach stop loss orders. Many shares eased
oft considerably but a number of stocks show
ed marked resistance, notably Brooklyn Tran
sit, Pullman and Great Northern preferred. St.
Paul maintained a point advance on its remark
able statement for the fourth week in Decem
ber, showing an increase of nearly $252,000 in
gross earnings. A better tone developed in the
afternoon and continued until the close. Brook
lyn Transit made a total gain of S points on
Its showing of an increase of $664. 6;,; in its
gross earnings for the year. There were in
sistent rumors of a pending deal which insiders
would not discuss, but there were intima
tions that the control of surface and elevated
lines in Brooklyn might come into the hands
of the company. While there are large gains
In many cases and the closing was strong, the
advance in standard shares was generally
moderate. The rise In wheat stimulated inter
est in many of the Western railroad shares.
The advance of 6 points in American Tobacco
was unaccompanied by any new developments
In the property. There were large purchases
by interests identified with the company and
the movement was thought to be manipula
tion against the short interest, which has re
cently been created by the formation of rival
concerns. The Reading stocks were pressed
for sale in the early hours and declined sharp
ly. These shares failed to respond to the sub
sequent general show of strength.
The bond market lapsed into dullness to-day
but there was no abatement of the re<ent pro
nounced strength. Total sales, $3,^1
rnlt^.l States 2s, registered, declined 'i and
the 3s and new 4s, registered, H in the bid
price.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 376,700 shares
Including: Atchison preferred. 17,fi:'n; Central
PacinV, 44lfi; Burlington. 8630; Manhattan 10-
P2rt; Reading preferred, 10,570; Missouri Pacific
«82i; Missouri, Kansas and Texas preferred,
8755; Northern Pacific. 6520; R<mk Island 8820:
Union I'a.-ifl.-. 14.730; St. Paul, 28,520; Union Pa
clfi.- preferred, 8620; Wheeling and Lake Erie,
25...;,: Paper, 3900; American Spirits. 7203- To
bacco, 51.620; Steel, B1.820; do preferred 29.620'
Peoples Gas. 13.9'J0; Pacific Mall. 10,825; Pull
man. SOOS; Rope and Twine, 8032; Sugar, 28,120-
Tennest-o.- Coal and Iron, 3^»>; Leather 'pre
ferred, 6420; Western T'nion, 3020.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% Do prefd... 1714
Do prefd 51% St Paul 12iu
Baltimore & Ohio. 67', Do prefd 166'!
Canada Pacific... 85% St P &■ Om ." 92%
Canada Southern.. 64 Do prefd... 167
Cent Pa" 42% St P M & M....1!!i50
< ties & Ohio 25% So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 170 So Railway 104
Chi H& Q 125% Do prefd ' 41s?
Chi & E 111 5:1% Texas & Pacific... 18%
Do prefd 113 Union Pacific 42%
. Chi G W 16 Do prafd " 7174
Chi Iml & L 8 UP1)& G. 2d ast
Do prefd 32 paid .*... 12^4
Chi & N W 141 Wabash 7%
Do prefd 185% Do prefd 22%
C C C & St L. 42% Wheel & L E, 4th
Do prefd 95 ast paid 7%
Del & Hudson 105% Do prefd, 4th ast
Del L & W 158 paid 29
Den * Rio 0 19% Express Companies-
Do prefd 70Vi Adams Ex 10S
Erie (new) 14% American Ex 142
Do Ist prefd 37% United States 33
Ft Wayne 17;. Wells Fargo V,
Ot Nor prefd 144% Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 3% A Cot Oil 34%
Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd 88
Lake Erie & W... 20 Am Spirits 14%
Do prefd 74 Do prefd 3834
Lake Shore 196% Am Tobacco 147%
Louis & Nash 64% Do prefd 132
Manhattan L 98% Cons Gas 194
Met St Ry 19114 Com Cable Co 175
Mich Cent 11l Col F & Iron 32' i
Minn &St L 36% Do prefd 80
Do Ist prefd 96% Gen Electric 9jU
Mo Pacific 44% Haw Com Co 67%
Mobile & Ohio 32 Intl Paper 64%
Mo K& T 14% Do prefd 94
Do prefd 39 Laelede Gas 52
N J Central 97% Lead 38
V V Central 122% Do prefd U4ii
N V Chi &St L... 14 Nat Lin Oil 8%
Do Ist prefd 73 }Paclflc Mail 4414
Do 2d prefd 34 People's Gas 110« i
Nor West 19% Pullman Pal Ifi3
No Am«r Co 7 | Silver Certificates. 69%
No Pacific 43% 1 Standard R & T... 9
Do prefd — : 77% Sugar 125%
Ontario & W 19% Do prefd 111%
Or R & Nay 60 TC & Iron 37
Or Short Line 41 US Leather 7
Pac C Ist prefd 53% Do-prefd 71%
Do 2d prefd 04 jL' S Rubber 43%
Pittsburg ISO Do prefd lliu
Heading 21 West Union 93%
Do Ist prefd 52% Federal Steel Co.. 54%
RG W 25% Do prefd 85%
Do prefd 65 Brooklyn R T 81%
Hock Island 113% Or Nay prefd 71
St Louis 8 F... B*4 Pacific Coast 46
Do prefd 67 [Colo Southern 7%
Do 2d prefd 33%| Do Ist prefd 51
Et Louis &. S W. 6%1 Do 2d prefd 50
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg..l2ST« N J C 5s 113%
Do coup 1294 North Carolina 65. 150
TJ S 4b 111% Do 4s 103%
Do coup 112% No Pacific lsts 115%
Do 2ds 99Vi Do 3s 69%
U S 5s reg 112% Do 4s 101%
Do 6s coup 112% N T C & St L 45.10G%
District 3.65s 118 Nor &W 6s 125
Ala class A 107 Northwest consols. l4s
Do B 109% Do deb Es 118
Do C 102% O Nay lets 113
Do Currency ....103% O Nay 4s 100%
Atchison 4s 100 O S Line 6s term. .130%
Do adj 4s 78% O S Line 6s term. .loß%
Can So 2ds 110% Reading 4s .' '86%
C & O 4%s SI RG W lsts 91%
Chicago Term 4s. 54 Ht L& I M Con 65.105%
C & Ohio 6s IJB SL& S F Gen 6s. 122
C H & D 4%5....104% fit P Con 160
D& R G lsts 108 St PC & P lsts.. llß
D & H G in 100% Do Ea 11*%
East Term 15t5.. ..107 So Ry 5s 103%
Erie Gen 4s 72 : Standard R&T 6s S5Vi
V W & D lsts tr. 86 iTenn new set 38.. 3d
Gen Elec 5s 10S»4|Tex Pac L G lsts.lOO'i
I* H & S A 6s. ...107 '■ Do Reg Ids 48
, Do 266 ..........103 If P D & G lsts.. 88 V 4
H &TC 5s in Wabash Ist is 113*4
Do con 6s HO Do 2ds 941$
lowa C lsts 10414 W Shore 4s 11014
.a new consols 4s. 10714 1 Va Centuries S2>,i
L & X Uni 45.... 56 Do deferred 7
Missouri 6s .......100 Wis Cent lsts.... 62%
M X & T 2ds 69Vi Union Pacific .103
Uo 4s 94 Colo Southern 45.. St>V4
r* i Central 1et5.. 114%
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar lOlOntario 5 00
Crown Point 12!Ophir 50
I Con CaJ & Va 1 iopi> mouth 10
; Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 2 00
j Gould & Curry .... 22 Do prefd 450
I Hale & Norcross .. 10 ' Sierra Nevada SO
j Homestake 50 00 Standard 190
Iron Sliver 70 Union Con 20
Mexican 35 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Gen Elec prefd 160
Call loans 2«3 Atchison prefd .... 51%
Time loans 3@4 Bonds—
, Stocks— Atchison 48 99
■ A T & SFe IS* Gen Elec 5s lOS'i
' 1 Amer Sugar V2b\ Mining Shares—
1 ■ Do prefd 111^ Allouez Mm C 0.... 7<-.
i I Bay State Gas.... 3 1 ,* Atlantic 37 1 -
i , Bell Tel 274 Boston & M0nt... 274
. Boston & Albany.. 26o Butte & Boston .. 85
Boston & Maine... l 7" Calumet & Hecla..C3s
Chi Bur & Q 125*4 Centennial 35>,4
Fitchburg '.1071; Franklin 214
, ; Gen Electric S5», Old Dominion .... 37
Mexican Central... 6 Osceola SO
N V & N Eng.... 99 Quincy 147
Old Colony Vii Tamarack 190
Or Short Line.... 41 Wolverine 36
; i Rubber 43%|Hninboldt 2"A
: Union Pacific 4?. lAdvenuire 9»i '
West End 90 .Union Land 11% !
Westlr.gh Elec .... S9 j Winona, 14*;
Ed Eiec Tel i.-.> :
H
BUSINESS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— To-day has been a rec
ord breaker in the New York Clearing House
both in amount of exchanges and the magni
tude of the balances. The highest former ex
changes were beaten by about $20,000,000, hav
ing been $315,236,000 as against $295,000,000, the
j highest exchanges heretofore on record. The
i balances were $17,163,000 as against the largest:
! heretofore of $17,010,000.
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. Money on call firm at
3!§4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, :,Ui per cent; sterling ex
change, steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 SlVd 81% for demand and $4 81%
@4_S2 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 82H<b>
4 S.t' 2 : commercial bills. ?4 So>-.!54 81; sliver cer
tificate?, sfl'vGf6o>4c; bar silver. 58% c; Mexican
dollars, 16% c; Government, irregular; Stute
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-To-day's statement
<•: the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $234,145,207; gold reserve
9-46,173,682.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were less active and dull
to-day. Americana opened buoyant on New-
York's reception of the Philippine news, but
soon became languid and dwindled until the
close, especially Louisville and Nashville and
Central Pacific, although New York bought
Copper shares were heavy. Anacondas being
6 5 8 . Nine thousand pounds in gold bars were
bought by the bank. American demand ie more
apprehended.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. Canadian Pacific;, SSH:
Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver, quiet, 27»id per
ounce; money, l" 2 per cent; Spanish 4's' closed
PARIS, Jan. Spanish 4's closed 43.90
MADRID, Jan. 4.— Spanish 4's closed to-day
at 09.55.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4. -FLOUR— Receipts,
53.354 barrels; exports, 36.005 barrels. Again
quiet, but reflected moderately the strength
In Wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 374,625 bushels; exports.
375,556 bushels. Spot strong; No. 2 rod, So*ic
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options have been
strong all day. Opening firm on cold weather,
they responded a little to bearish cables and
then hardened on the big clearances, which for
the week are fully halt a million bushels of
Wheat and Flour ahead of last week. Demand
kept up all the afternoon and final quotations
were %Q'Tsc net higher. Foreign houses sold
Wheat and otherwise opposed the advance dur
ing the day. March, 77 15-163 7S 7 kc, closed
7S3ic.
HOPS—
WOOL—
METALS— WhiIe not showing further sensa
tional changes, the Metal market retained all
Its firm features to-day, with a good business
noted. The bid price of Tin moved up five
points and a readjustment was made in Spel
ter, but aside from this no important changes
In quotations were reported. The news from
the West and from London about met expecta
tions. Some parties were claiming a reaction
must be looked for, but the indications were
that the present "boom" was still on. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants quiet but firm, at $7 75
nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, at $13 25 bid and
$13 50 asked.
TIN-Firm: $19 70 bid and $20 asked.
LEAD— Steady; $3 'JO bid and $3 95 asked. Lead
was quoted at $3 70 and Copper at $12 75 by the
firm naming the settling price for leading
minors and smelters In the West.
SPELTER $5 in bid and $5 25 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to five points lower. Shl".=, 14. 800 bags, Includ
ing: January. $5 35: Febniarv. Si •».".: M»rrh.
$5 60; April, $5 65; May, $5 70@5 75; July, Jo SO;
September, $5 90®5 95; October, $5 With 95; No
vember, $5 '.'5; December, $6 05. Spot Coffee —
Rio weak and lower: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7
jobbing. '■■ Mild— Easy; Cordova. 7%<§lsc.
SUOAR— Raw irregular; fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal. ''C test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 9-16 c. Refined— Unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6100 packages. Firm.
Western creamery, 15@21c; Elgins, 21c; fac
tory. 12% c.
EGGS— Receipts, 2fi<M packages. Strong and
steady. Western, 27@2Sc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— California Dried
Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES - Common, 7V.c;
prime wire tray. ic: choice, 9@3%c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— «%<SIO%c.
APRICOTS— II@I4c; Moorpark. 13<f?I7c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9®11%c; peeled, 12@13c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. — The Liverpool wheat mar
ket was the chief influence here at the start.
Cables came Id lower for futures. Such ap
parent eagerness abroad to emphasize the weak
ness in this market caused the selling out of
a heavy line of long wheat here. May opened
a fraction lower with sellers at from 70% c
down to 70%e. So much was for sale that the
price was torced down to 70',-ic before intend
ing buyers could shout bids. The Atlantic
port clearances, however, began to have a
bullish effect when Philadelphia reported 350,
---000 bushels of wheat and flour shipped for ex
port. When other seaboard cities swelled the
total exports for twenty-four hours to over
1,100,000 bushels the feeling of speculators
found expression in a quick advance to 71 1 %c.
Reports of a cold wave from the north, which
it was claimed would cause severe damage to
the winter wheat, had a strengthening influ
ence. The market then became very bullish.
Shorts covered freely and there were heavy
buying accounts, which resulted In advancing
May to 71%e. That was above call price and
realizing on privileges caused a slight reac
tion near the end. May closing at 71%@71%c.
1 Wet weather, which was considered likely to
curtail receipts, strengthened corn. There was
also a good export demand. May closed %c
higher.
Oats ruled active and higher. The advance
was due to a good cash demand moderate re
ceipts, unfavorable weather and the advance
in other grains. May closed %c higher.
A disappointingly heavy increase in the
stocks of hog products for December depressed
provisions early. At the resulting decline,
however, commission houses had numerous
buying orders and packers who were free sell
ers turned buyers, the consequence being a
recovery of practically all the decline. May
pork lost 2%c, May lard advanced 2%c and
May ribs wire unchanged.
The loading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January ...• 67% 6S!i 67% CB%
'May 70% 71% ' 7014 71%
July CS'j 63% GS% 69%
Corn No. 2—
January 35% 3.".% 55% 35%
May 37% 37% 37% 37%
July 37 5 ,i 3S 37% 37%
I Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27! i 27% 27*
July 26% 26% 26 26>4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 10 07% 10 15 10 07% 10 15
May 10 30 10 45 10 30 10 45
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 550 6 62% 560 6 62%
May 575 6 57% 575 6 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
January 475 4 82% 475 4 82%
May 505 615 • 605 515
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring Wheat, 66%i567%c;
No. 3 spring Wheat, 64@6Sc; No. 2 red, 70<2ulc-
No. 2 Corn, 26 J /ic: No. 2 Oats, 26%@27c; No. 2
white. 29\i®30c: No. 3 white. 28%@29Vic; No. 2
Rye. 53'^#54c; No. 2 Barley. 39<H50c; No. 1 Flax
seed, $112%; Prime Timothy Seed, J2 40; Mess
Pork, per barrel. JlO 15©10 20: Lard, per 100
pounds, J5 60*5.-, 62%; Short Rib Sides, loose,
, $4 75@5: Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4Vi@'4%c;
Short Clear Sides, boxed. $5 0505 15; Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $127.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 60,600 63.100
Wheat, bushels 144,000 23,600
Corn, bushels 497,300 307,300
Oats, bushels 354,400 265.300
Rye. bushels 45,600 13,500
Barley, bushels 83,200 34.600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
market is firm; creameries, U(?f2<H4c; dairies,
12@lSc. Eggs, firm: fresh, 23@26c. Cheese,
steady; creameries, 9^@Hc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS?.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— -Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 207,770 45,050
Duiuth f.7.334 40.957
Milwaukee 74,750 18,850
Chicago 144.000 23.6RS
Toledo 39,723 6.000
St. Louis 24.000 26.000
Detroit 15. '.'13 10.727
Kansas City ..,.. 23,500 65.300
Totals •.. 589,990 . 235.752
Tidewater—
Boston 60,121 64, 50S
New York 374,025 375,556
Philadelphia 104.C25 328.857
Baltimore 107,977 64.000
! New Orleans " 8.093
Galveston , 68.582 156.000
Totals 705,940 1,027.314
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 10'^ 5 8%
Closing 5 1014 6 SM:
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— .Tan. Mar.-June.
Opening 45 30 45 90
Closing
Wheat—
Opening 20 95 2173
Closing
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Jan. Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs indicate the
following changes In the available supply of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the
preceding Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 2,123,000 bushels; Liver
pool Corn Trade News reports afloat for and in
Europe, increase. 2,600,000; total supply, in- ,
crease, 377,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 785,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 60,000 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat at Portland,
Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., increased
during the week 155.000 bushels.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Were In fair
ly active demand to-day and the moderate sup
ply kept prices from declining. Native beef
steers, $:: So<&s SO fur common to prime, largely
at $4 7395 50; no good lots going below $5;
common stackers sold for $- 75(§4 30: good lots,
$3 65@4 15; feeders. $4 2S@4 50; prime heifers,
$5: Texas steers, $3 70^4 35.
HOGS— Sales were at a further decline of 5 -a) j
10c. making a drop of 15fti20c in two days. Hogs,
$3 35@3 45: tor the commoner lots up to $3 60<8>
3 75 for choice; heavy, packing lots. $3 45@3 60;
pig?. $2 90®8 40; bulk of sales. $3 20(83 35.
SHEEP— The demand for sheep was limited
and prices were largely Ec lower. Lambs. $3 75
®5 23; yearlings, $4@4 40; sheep, $2 50® 4; ewes,
$3 10@3 50 and very nice looking Western sheep
brought $3 55.
Receipts— 11,500; Hogs, 41,000; Sheep,
15,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. CATTLE— Receipts
7300. Market steady. Native steers, $3 5096;
cows and betters $i!'u4 23; stoekers and feeders,
j;ru 4 50; bulls, $2?; 3 50.
HOGS— Receipts 17.000. Market s@loc lower.
Bulk of sales. $3 40@3 60; heavies, $3 4303 75;
packers, $3 40@3 52%; mixed, $:: 30<g"3 60; lights,
$3 1503 55; yorkers, $3 55<t?3 57%; pigs, $3&3 35.
SHEEP— 8000. Market strong.
Lambs, $3 90@5 20; muttons, $2 50^3 90.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts 15,000.
Market steady. Native beef steers. $4(55 40:
Western steers, |3@4 40; Texas steers. $3 606
4 20; cows and heifers. ?3(53 90; stockers and
feeders. $3 40fcT4 50; calves, $4 50i@7; bulls, stags,
etc.. $2 20;o3 80.
Receipts 12,000. Market EifflOc lower.
Heavies. $3 40@3 45; mixed, $3 45'a3 47' s ; lights.
{"47:3 50; pigs, ?3Q3 50; bulk of sales, $3 42
©3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts 1500. Market stronger. Na
tive muttons. $3 80(34 25: Westerns, $3 50@4;
stoekers, $2 60@3 50; lambs, $3 75<g5.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 4.— The American Cotton and
Wool Reporter to-morrow will say of the wool
trade: While the volume of transactions the
past week has fallen far below that for the
corresponding period last year, nevertheless
there is more than the usual amount of activity
for the opening days of the year. The market
has been influenced by the holiday season and
by the fact that everybody's attention has been
more or less devoted to closing up the books
for the year. The next event which everybody
is looking forward to is the opening of the
heavy-weight season, which will probably take j
place within the next two or three weeks.
There is a feeling of mild hopefulness on the
part of the wool trade as regards the charac
ter of the next good season.
The sales for the week in Boston amount to
3,079,000 pounds domestic and 717,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 3,796,000. against a total
of 3,795,000 for the previous week, and a total
of 7,650,000 for the corresponding week last year.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. Consols, 110 13-16; silver,
27V«d; French rentes, lOlf 55c; wheat cargoes
off coast, more inquiry; cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart, 3d lower; No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s 6d; English country mar
kets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 4.— WHEAT— DuII; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 red Northern
spring, 6s l%d.
CORN — Spot, easy: American mixed, 3s lid.
Futures— 3s 10% d; March quiet, 3s
!< : -.|: May quiet, 3s 9%d.
HOPS— London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£4 10s@£5 10s.
CLOSING.
HEAT— Futures closed quiet. March, Ba
lOUd; May, 5s S%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 4.— Exchanges, $321,
-740; balances, $51,254.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. -Wheat— Walla
Walla, 593? 60c; valley and bluestem, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 4.— Wheat— Club, Me; blue
stem, C2S63c.
■ ■ ♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 52%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce... — 58%
Mexican Dollars — 47'
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The feeling was steadier at about
the same quotations, with a light business.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 15(51 16%; milling,
$1 20<&l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 19%; 2000, $1 19%; 34,000. $1 19%.
Second Session— May— l6,ooo ctls, $1 19%; SOOO,
$1 10%: 4000, $1 19%.
Regular Morning Session — — 2000 ctls,
$1 19 1 / i: 22,000, $1 19%.
Afternoon May— l2,ooo ctls. $1 19%;
4000. $1 19%; 6000, $1 19%.
BARLEY— The spot market held up all right,
but there was quite a drop in futures.
Feed, $1 27%@1 30; Brewing. Jl 35®1 45 per
ctl. /
(All BOARD sales.
Informal ,6esslOß^9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, naw
—2000 ctls/93c/
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls, 93c;
2800, 92>4&
Regular Morning Session — Seller, '99, new—
2000 ctls, 91% c; 4000, 91c. -
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 18%;
4000, $1 19%.
OATS— Quotations are higher and dealers re
port a strong market and active business at tho
advance.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30®l 32%; common, $127%; Surprise.
$1 40@l 45: Gray, $1 3001 35; Milling, $1 32> 2
1 3. per ctl: Red, Jl 65@1 65; Black. $1 60ig;i 75.
CORN— Is firm enough, but .unchanged.
Small round yellow, Jl 20: Eastern large yel
low. Jl 12%@1 15; white, Jl 12%@1 15; mixed.
Jl 07%@l 10 per ctl; California white, Jl 12>4@
1 15.
RYE— California, $1 15@1 20; Eastern, $1 15
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 9376 barrels of Flour to Sydney.
FLOUR— extras, J4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4 per bbi.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, J2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 25; Oatmeal, J4 25; Oat
Groats, J4 60; Hominy, $3 26@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina,
J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). J5 85@6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, J5; Split Peas, J4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
A further advance In Hay Is reported, with
a firm market. There Is no further rise In Bran
nd Middlings.
BRAN— SIS@I9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI9 60022 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 60®27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J3l<gi3l 60;
Jobbing, J32Q32 60; Cocoanut Cake. $24® 25; Cot
tonseed Meal. J28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 60QI
24 50; Cracked Corn, J24@2S.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17 oO^W for
Rood to choice and $16017 for lower grades:
no fancy coming" in; Wheat and Oat, $1550®
17 60; Oat. $140-16; Island Barley, J14515; Al
falfa. $12:£n3 60: Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 60@15; Cheat.
$12612 75; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $13 50@15; Clover.
$11@12; Timothy, $11 50@ 13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market continues flat and dull at the
old quotations.
BEANS— $1 85©2; Small Whites, $2 IS
@2 20; Large Whites, $1 SO@l'9s; Pinks. $1 95@
2 05; Reds, $3 15@3 25; Blackeye. $3 75@4; But
ters. $2@2 50; Limas, $3 2503 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 4092 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 5004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $1 25; Flax, $2@2 25; Canary
Seed. 2Vi@2%c per 1b; Alfalfa. 5£96%c; Rape,
2>i(fi'2»ie: Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
- DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50@l 75; Green. $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Mushrooms are coming In, selling at B@lsc
per lb. Other Vegetables are dull. There is no
I change in Potatoes and Onions.
POTATOES— 6S@SOc per ctl for Early Rose;
60<V(70c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, $I@l 15; Oregon, 90c@$l 12%; Sweet
Potatoes. $1 65®1 75 for Merced; .New Potatoes.
2<3>2%c per !t>.
ONIONS— per ctl; Oregons, $l@i 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 596 c; String
Beans. 7@Sc; Cabbage, 40©50 c; Tomatoes, 75c©
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 100 per lt>;
Garlic, 6<&Sc per n>; Dried Okra, 15c per IT>;
Green Peppers. 4r«.5c per II) ; Dried Peppers,
lO&iioc; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry and Game are quiet at about previous
prices. Another car of Eastern goes on to
day.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 13@16c; live
| Turkeys, 12%@13c for Gobblers and 12%@13c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks,
I $4 50@6; Hens, $3 50<<i4 50; young Koosters, $4®
| 5; old Roosters, $3 6094; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broil
ers, $4 for large, $3®3 50 for small; Pigeons;
$I@l 25 per dozen lor old and $1 5092 for
Squabs.
GAME— $I©l 25; Mallard, $3 50t?4 50;
Canvaaback, $3<g6; Sprig. $2 50@3; Teal. $1 2642
1 50; Widgeon, $1 2591 50; Small Duck. $i@
1 25; English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 25;
Gray Geese, $2 SO® 50; White Geese, Jl@l 25;
Brant, $1 60@l 75; Honkers, $3@4 50; Hare, 75c
SI; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All descriptions under this head are quiet.
The feeling in Butter is weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27@27%c; sec
onds, 25@L'6c. >
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@24c; common
| grades, 18@21c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. HiJflSc; pickled roll,
| 17<0lSc for dairy and 19®20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— packed. 16@16%c per
lb; Elgin. 22@22%c.
CHEESE— mild new. 11%@12c; old. 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, lL'' 2 c; Young Amer
ica, 12@13c; Eastern, 10912 c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34(g36c per dozen; sec
onds. 30@33c: store Eggs, 25930 c; Eastern, 22%
©250 for ordinary and for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples are plentiful and weak and barrels are
lower. Oranges and Lemons continue dull.
Limes are in lighter supply and firmer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@C0c for common, 75c9fl per box
for No. 1 and $1 2591 60 lor choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1; Apples, In barrels, $54/8.
Pears — 50c@$l per box.
Persimmons — per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 75c(a$l 50; Mandarins, $10] 25;
Lemons, 75c95l 60 for common and $2SJ3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $495; Cali
fornia Limes, 259^0c per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 50@3 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6ftc for 40-50's, 4U<fj>
Be for 60-60' 8H98%C for 60-70's, 2%930 for
70-SO's. 2><i@2%c for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
l%@l*ic for 100-110" 8 ; Silver Prunes, 2%@3c;
Peaches, 6g7%c for good to choice, 7%<gSc for
fancy and 10@l?ftc for peeled; Apricots, 10(S12c
for Royals and 12%(g'13%c for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7^4@7%c; sun dried, 4@4%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2(jt2ftc: Plums, 4ft(g6c lor
pitted and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarines,, 6<g>
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters
I and S»9c for halves.
j RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown. sV'®6',j2 for Seed
less Sultanas, 4 2 c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8<3)12%c per lb; Walnuts.
7<gßc for hardshell, &@loc for Boftehell; Al
monds, 7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for East
ern and 4%@5c fur California; "Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb. 10-s lie for bright and S<st9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6'i@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5%c
per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per It> for
heavy. Sc for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c; California
Hams, 9%@9%c; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl; extra
ess Beef. $11; Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10: extra clear, $1S; mess, $15 50®
16; Smoked Beef, 11%@12c per It).
LARD— Tierces quoted at sft'36c per Tb for
compound and 7%98c for pure; half barrels
pure, 814 c; 10-Ib tins. S%c; 5-1T) tins. S%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, ]-lt> pails, 60 in a case, 9%c
--3-n> pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in" a
case, B%c: 10-Ib pails, 6 in a case, B%c; ,'.O-rb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
His net, SVhc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7"t,c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Shipment of 29,270 pounds of Hops, valued at
$4710, to Sydney.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B%c; light. 8c; Cowhides,
Sc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, l.'c: culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15<g25c each; short wool, 30@40c
each; medium. 60@SOc; long wool, 90c(g,$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c(&$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%@3%e per lb;
No. 2, 2%c: reilned. 4%(g'sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Southern Mountain, 12
months", 7(g'9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', We; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 9@>
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain 7© 8 •
Southern 6® 7 J /i
Plains 5@ 6
HOPS— crop, 12#@14c per lb for ordinary.
H'i'dl'iVic for good and 16@18o for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50@9 in bulk and $10
@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crashed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia
A, 6%c; Extra C, 6»ic; Golden C, 6Hc; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Shipment of 152,277 feet Pine. 131 -
217 feet Redwood and 63.115 feet selected Spruce
to Sydney.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no further change in any descrip
tion.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6H®7c; second quality
£@SV4c; third quality, 4%®5>4c.
VEAL— 6Vs@7%c; small. 6'4((fSc per Ib
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7M:c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7U.&SC per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4\ic for large, 4%@4%c
for medium, and 3%@4c for small; stock Hogs
3@2V»c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime. ' * "
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, January 4.
Flour, qr sks 2,133 Hay, tons 211
Wheat, ctls 76.53S Wool, bales 6
Barley, ctls 700 Pelts, bdls 165
Butter, ctls 103 Hides, No 931
Cheese, ctls 38 Eggs, doz 4 560
Tallow, ctls 272 Quicksilver, (Iks. 203
Beans, sks 656 Wine, gale 40 700
Potatoes, sks — 3,350 Brandy, gals 1,200
Onions, sks 70 Leather, rolls .. 28
Bran, sks 460lLime. bbls 135
Middlings, ska .. 8051
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska.... 012 I '
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,2001
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were remarkably active yes
terday. Hutchinson advanced to $33 S7>4 and
Ginnt Powder declined to $5", subsequently re
covering. Contra Costa Water sold from $65
down to $62 50, but did better afterward.
Oceanic advanced to $63 50.
Minlns stocks were generally lower, with,
small transactions.
Recent dividends are as follows: The Croesus
Gold Mining Company of California. 15 cents
per share. 135,000; payable immediately; the
Associated Mining: Company of Colorado, 512.
--000, payable December 26; the Creston Leablng
Mining Company of Colorado, $10,000, payable
December 26; the Yellow Aster Mining Com
pany of California. November dividend of $10,
--000, payable immediately: the Ophir Hill Min
ing Company of Utah, $20,000, payable Decem
ber 27.
The annual meeting of the Alaska Packers'
Association has been called for January 10.
The annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada
Mining Company has been called for Janu
ary 18.
The Horseshoe Bar Consolidated assessment
of 5 cents per share was delinquent In office
yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 5.
. Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 17 IS
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 12% 14
4s quar reg... — _ Oakland Gas.. — —
4s quar new... _ _ A c Gas Imp. 86% —
3s quar c0up.. 107% — Pac LCo 47 49
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 86% S7
Cal-st Cab 05.,112 — , San Fran 3% —
( ' al El Ss 125^127% Stockton Gas.. 11 14
C C Wat 55. ..103% — Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 95% Firem's Fund. 2ll —
EL & P 65. .131 - , Bank Stocks-
F& Cl Ry 65.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64»; —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1...256 -
HC & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T..100* —
LA. LCo 65.. 96 — First Nationl.224 230
Do gntd 65.. 99 101 Lon P & A.... 133 —
Market-st 65..126 — Mer Exchange — 16
V Do Ist M 55.115%116i,i Nev Nat 8....176 —
£eN ,9 R 75. 107 — Savings Banks—
N . 5 £ a 5 " — _ Ger S & L..1625 —
£ Ry Cal 55.. 109 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
Is PC R R 65.106 — Mutual Saw — 45
NPC R R 100 100% S F Say U.. 455 —
N Cal R.R ss. 98%105 S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...110% — Security S B 300 35C
Om Ry Cs 12S — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 -
P & Cl Ry 65. 101 — Street Railroads—
PkO 6s 109 — (California ....HO —
Powell-st 65. ..120 122%' Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry os.. — — ' Market-st .... 50.. 58*
SF & N P ss.lu:> 109% Oak S L&H. — —
SierraßCal G5.104%105»,4 Presidio 9% —
S P of Ar 65..109;-,110' i Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)113 113% California ....151% —
SPC 6s <1912)120%121Vi E Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg ss. — 106 Giant Con Co. 59<-i 59%
B PHr 6s 121'A12.-, Vlgorit 2% 31.
S V Water 6s.ll9Vill'J»4 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4».102% — Al Pac A55n.. 105% —
S V W4s(3dm). Her Ld Wk5..160 * —
Stktn Gas 65..1tn:% — Hana PI C 0... 17% 17%
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. SS% 55%
Contra Costa.. 64 64>,i Hutch SP Co 53% 34
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Spring valley.lo2 102% Oceanic S Co.. C 3% fi3%
Gas & Electric— Pai A F A... I',i — "
Capital Gas... — — p a c C Bor Co. —
Cent Gaslight. 103 — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board
-10 Contra Costa Water 64 50
10 Contra Costa Water 64 25
25 Contra Costa Water 64 00
75 Contra Costa Water 63 50
76 Contra Costa Water 63 00
25 Contra Costa Water 62 75
10 Contra Costa Water 6 50
100 Contra Costa Water 63 75
10 Contra Costa Water 63 62%
200 t!;'.!i:i Plantation Co 17 7:."
60 Giant Powder Con 58 go
10 Giant Powder Con ' 58 25
90 Giant Powder Con 5s 00
10 Giant Powder Con 67 25
50 Giant Powder Con 57 00
20 Giant Powder Con 57 12%
10 Giant Powder Con ,-,7 75
20 Giant Powder Con 55 1214
25 Hutchinson S P Co 33 37'«
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 50"
14" Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
$5000 North Ry or Cal 6 per cent bonds.ll4 00
10 Oceanic 5 S Co f>2 75
30 Pacific Gas Improvement 86 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 50
Street—
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
60 Market Street Railway 5950
Afternoon Session.
Board —
185 Contra Cocta Water 84 00
40 Contra Costa Water 64 l^ft
130 Contra Costs AVater 64 26
140 Giant Powder Con 59 00
30 Giant Powder Con -<, 25
40 Giant Powder Con 59 37%
30 Giant Powder Con 5350
150 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
330 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 5S 75
420 Hutchinson S 1* Co 33 75
250 Hutchinson S P Co 33 62%
125 Hutchinson S P Co 33 87%
305 Oceanic S S Co 63 00
10 Oakland Gas 52 60
40 Spring Valley AVater 102 00
$5000 S F & N P Ry bonds 109 12%
150 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Street—
123 Alaska Packers' Association 105 73
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Vigorit 325
30 Spring Valley Water 102 00
100 Hutchinson 33 00
100 Hutehlnson 33 12U
100 Mutual Electric 13 00
40 s F Gas & Electric 86 00
160 Equitable Gaslight 15 25
ICO Central Light & Power 17 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Hutchinson 34 00
60 S F Gas & Electric 86 50
Street—
15 Contra Costa Water 62 SO
50 Central Light & Power 17 50
250 Equitable Gaslight 15 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
600 Belcher 17 200 Ophir 52
tOO Best & Belcher. 88 200 Ophir 51
100 Con Cal & A'a..l 25 100 Ophir 50
100 Confidence 60 200 Potosl :. 15
800 Gould & Curry. 26 100 Sierra Nevada.. 90
100 Gould & Curry. 25 750 Union Con .... 32
Afternoon Session.
100 Best. *• Belcher. 40 500 Kentuck 09
100 Con Cal & A'a..l 2511500 Ken tuck 10
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 100 Utah ....' 09
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher IS 600 Ophir 55
600 Best & Belcher. 40 200 Ophir 52
700 Best & Belcher. 39 300 Ophir 64
200 Best <& Belcher. 33 500 Overman 06
200 Best & Belcher. 37 1000 Potosl 14
200 Con Cal & Va.l 27% 200 Potosl 15
900 Con Cal & V 11..1 25 600 Sierra Nevada.. 'JO
700 Gould & Curry. 27 300 Union Con 32
1200 Hale & Norcrs 10 300 Union Con 31
COO Mexican 31 500 Utah OS
200 Mexican 321800 Yellow Jacket.. 25
300 Mexican 33 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 06 500 Kentuck 10
200 Belcher 19 300 Mexican 33
300 Best & Belcher. 41 200 Mexican 34
500 Best & Belcher. 42 500 Seg Belcher 03
150 Con Cal & A r a.l 27 1 1200 Sierra Nevada. 90
850 Con Cal ft A a..l 30 100 Union Con 32
EOO Con Cal & Va.l 32% 300 Union Con 33
300 Crown Point.... 16 900 Union Con 34
1300 Gould & Curry. 28 500 Union Con 35
600 Hale & Norcrs. 12 200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 5—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con 04 05 Julia — 01
Alta 06 08 Justice IB 17
Andes 05 07 Kentuck 11 12
Belcher IS 19 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 33 35
Best & Belcher 42 48 Occidental — 48
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 57 —
Caledonia 22 24 Overman 06 07
Chollar 16 16 Potosl 15 16
Challenge Con. 16 18 1 Savage 11 12
Confidence 62 65 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & A a..l 30 135 Seg Belcher — 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 91 92
Crown Point .. 15 16 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con ... — .30 Standard 2 00 2 25
Exchequer 01 03] Union Con .... 34 36
Gould & Curry 23 29 Utah 08 10
Hale & Norcrs 11 12 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary E. Dunne to Patrick Keilly, lot on B
line of Boyce street, 100 S of Point Lobos ave
nue. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Johanna F. Clarke (wife of Alfred) to Charles
Propfe, lot on TV line of Webster street. 75 N
of Sutter, N 33:4 by TV 100; $10.
Herbert E. and Grace TV. Law to Albert
Sehohay, lot on N line of Lombard street. 261:6
E of Devlsadero, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
William Mocker to Mary Mocker, lot on TV
line of Devistulero street, 157:6 S of Grove, S 40
by TV 137:6; grift.
William, Maria or Mary Mocker to Louise M.
Robinson (wife of Reuben G.), lot on W line
of Devlsadero street, 137:6 S of Grove, S 22:4 by
TV 137:6; gift.
Same to Edwin A. Mocker, lot on N line of
Hayes street. 62:6 TV of Pevlsadf-ro. W 26, N
70:2. W 50. N 45, E 53:6, S 45, E 21:6, S 70:2;
«ift.
Hnzen S. Dearborn to Annie F. Dearborn, lot
on X line of Tremont avenue. 104:9 S of Waller,
E 80 by S 25: gift.
George Geitner to Gottlieb and Elise Kestler,
lot on E line of York street, 100 S of Twentieth.
S 26 by E 100: $1600.
Luigl and Angela Torre to Giacomb Morando,
lot on TV line of IHipont street, 97:6 S of Green
wich, S 20 by W GO: 0100.
J&CQuea anil Josephine Verdot to Martin Sher
wood, lot on E line of Stockton street. 137 :fi
N of Pacific. N 36:3, E 35:9, S 10:7 Vs. E 21:9, S
26.H4, W 07:6: $7300.
Martin Sherwood to Jean Lorang. same; $10.
Frank P. Hicks, Warren B. English and
Arthur Rodgen to Alice M. or Alice and Ethel
B. or Ethel Hager, lot on XE corner of Powell
and Slitter streets. N 137:fi by E 85:8: $5.
Anna 1., Robert 8. anil Emma L. Oglesby and
K. and G. H. Auker to EH^n Offleaby, lot on N
llr.p of Pine street, 212:6 TV of Taylor, W 25 by
N 137:8: $G.
Mary A. and L. 11. Rouzer to same, same; $5.
Jennie E. M. Alpin to same, same: $5.
TVplter C. and Edith A. E. Lambert to
Charles M. Yates. lot on SE line of Natoma
street. MB NE of Seventh. NX 25 by PE 7:>:
also lot on NW line of Howard street, 175 NE
of Seventh. NE 50 by NW 90; $10.
Mary and Charles Murasky to Michael J. and
Mary O'Keefe, lot on STY line of Lanplon
street. 250 SE of Howard, SE 25 by SW 75: $10.
George H. and Lillian Davis to Joseph S.
Dlnkespiel, lot on SW corner of R street and
Forty-second uvenue. TV 240 by S 100; $:?
Estate of John Dickson (by James A. Keys,
administrator) to Charles Xonnenmann and
Henry Mohr. lot on SW line of Sixth avenue
100 NW of M street. NW 100 by SW 100. lot 17.
block 123, Central Park Homestead; $1300.
Behrend Joost fby L. E. Roberts, commis
sioner) to John A. Miller (executor of estate
of Maria Miller}, lots 17 to 19. 23. 24 and 27.
block 3, subdivision 1. Mountain Spring prop
erty: $4600.
William H. and Clara B. Greene to Nettle
E. Beck with, lot commencing at post 31. being
KB coiner of Rancho Laguna Merced, thence
S 503 to fence of Spring Valley Water Vvorks,
thence W 1180. N to block 1259. outside lands.
E to SE corner of outside land block 125*,
thence XE to beginning; gift.
Edward F. Treadwell to Harvey A. West, lot
130, gift map S (quitclaim deed); «°- .
Behrend Joost et al. to A. B. Spreckels lots
1 to 14, block 8, lots 3 to 5. block 9, lot d block
25, Pioche and Robinson subdivision; SW)SI.
Same to same, lots 18 to 22. block 480 lots 41
and 48, block 502. lots 1, 16 and 32, block D.
lot 16. block E, Haley purchase. \\ of and
mUnlnlnsr Hudson Tract; $1174.
a Gwrge K E . WhHaker to JH. Stallard. inter
est in estate of Lizzie E. Stallard ideed and
aS /re r s ie F: ) Sm 1 lth to May B. Smith, all inter
est in property bequeathed to Lottie R Smith
deceased, by Arthur Finney, deceased, 229 San
Jose avenue; gift.
Alameda County.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
R. MacGregor. lot U in plat 40. Mountain Mew
Cemetery; Oakland Township: $t>o.
Sarah A. McKee to same, lot on S line of
Benton street. 385 E of Grove street E 10 b>
S ISS. block 3, McKee Tract, Oakland Annex,
J1 Henry Z. Jones to R. S. Kitchner. lot 23
block 10. Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township,
510
Edward and Constance A. Meeks and Blanche
T. Heath to William P. Todd. lot on SE corner
of Lincoln avenue and Everett street i> 2,1
by E 116.83, being portion Foley Tract. Ala
" Joseph"*:', and F. C. Vargas to Christine L.
Hauschlldt. lot on N line of L street. .4.7 _E
of SW corner lands of Fraga; thence E 00.
NOT 169-9 W 50 SE to beginning. Town of
Hfaywards. Eden Township; 510.
Elisabeth Kelly to J. and Virginia S. A. Bet
tencourt, lot 2, block 10, Oakland: $10.
Lucy Langley to the Dyer Estate Company
<a corporation), lot on W line of A hoe street.
Durant, S 36:4 by W 150, Oakland: 17000.
E. H. and Anna P. Lenox to John Flerosa.
lot on S line of Duncan street. 109 E from i,
line of county road leading from Brooklyn to
Moraw Valley; thence SE 75. S 100, \V .o. N
100, to beginning, portion Cameron Tract, to
correct former deed. East Oakland: •">• ,
Ed ward Clemensen to William J. Kldd, lot
5, block 6, McKee Tract. Oakland Annex: JlO.
Charles B. Trower lO Julius Feigenbaum, lota
24 and 25, Broadway Villa Tract, Oakland An
nex; $10.
M. K. and Margaret H. Miller to Mary J.
Robinson (wife of Thomas M. Rob.nson). lot
6, map of Beckett's Addition to Oakland. Oak
iund Annex: $10.
Edith A. and Paul L. Siernherg to John
Gillam lot on XW line of Howe street, 30 SW
of Howard, SW 30 by NW 100. being lot 12,
block G, Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract,
Oakland Annex (quitclaim deed); $10.
Albert S. Woodbridge to August N. Welmvler,
lots 22 and 23. block A, Christiana Tract, Berke-
ley; $10.
William E. and Nellie C. Squires, F. L. and
O. A. Naylor to Carl E. Brandon, lot on W
line ! Milvia street. ]. r .O Sof Vine. S6O by W
i ■ I block 6, Graves and Taylor Tract, Berke
ley; (10.
Orpha Fulton to Cecile J. Durbrow, lots 2 and
3. block l\ Harmon Tract, Berkeley; Jl.
Herman K. Dybugh to Ada Iff. Dybugh. lot
fi. block TTii. map of c. C Clay's subdivision
of Levy and Lane Tract, Brooklyn Township;
gift.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
P Kllburn, Cal M L Durkin, Fresno
G M Antrim, S Jose A H Davis, Menlo Pk
T E Ballly, Cal I? Nichols, Cal
Q Phillips. Sacto A M P Cowley & f, St
\V J Smith. Sacto ; I'aul
G X Patterson. Pa F F MfJunkin, Cal
H E Rooklid»e & w. Mrs M Antrim, Cal
Chicago | A J Larson, Lodi
Mrs J Brenner, Sacto Hll Chllda, Taroma
Miss Brenner, Sacto Mrs Harding, Napa
R Nixon Jr, Yreka J M Harding, Napa
L J Dake. S C OB Woods & w, Cal
J V Grant, Salinas W C Waters, i'al
AY A Burkholder, Cal Mrs Yesler S Jose
T D Carneal, Cal Mrs X Gage. S Jose
F Brown, Sacto Mrs Hunter, Reno
W Sweeney, Sacto j H Shoemaker, Cal
W Fowler. S Barbara C E Lindsay, S Cruz
J M Squires, S Barbara J A McCune Cal
G G Brooks. Chlco H W Crabb, Oakvllle
< ; W Dronnet, Cal J W Lain*, N V
W G Thomas & w, C A, W W Moreland. Cal
A X Osborne &. w, Cal J E Ray. Seattle
Wl> .Jenkins, Wash IE J Dubols, Paria
M H Hamilton, La C Brooks & w. N T
D Cobb. S Jose I J J Hebbron. Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Karlburg-, Satto D Mason & w. L Ang
O G Erickson, NY J E Boyer, U S N
H N Smith. N V C Clare & w. S Jos«
X Iwahara & w. N V Mrs Carroll, S Jose
\V E Sharon. Nev Miss Lion. S Jose
II R Leland. Stanford A C Kuhn. S Jose
W !! Hayes, Palo Alto J McCudden, Valle.io
R Frazier. Phila Miss Me 'udden ValleJ
,T S Dovey. Phila jMrs W. Edscn. Cal
E Smith. Denver 8 Kraemer, Portland
W H Breevoot. N V L Hawey, Stanford
J W l.inck, Tacoma i Mrs Yesler S Jose
RD H Vroom. N V j Mrs Gagl". S Jose
T R Carlyle, Wash 'Mrs Booth. Chicago
J W Drain, Chicago ;R R Selway. Montana
A B Williams. Cleveld Mrs Selway, Montana
A Kroßf-r. N V R M Pogson, Cal
S Bloom, Chicago H Spen.-er. X V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J X Napley. Va R Muroheson, Frerno
W H Moll, Honolulu H Bailey. Vacavllle
3 () Cooper, S R3S.I H Rodriguez L Ang
A\ Carter, Palo Alto M Snyder. Wash
J E Morrison, SacU. (' W Spencer, Denver
N Vizellch, Mi J Howard. N V
O G Langmaid & w '.T Smith. Rio Vista
Stockton P F Ross, Stockton
M W Inpy, Stockton IJ Daniels, Suisun
C Gre«. Grants Pass 1' Foster, Chicago
W T WallPr. N V J W Dixon Chicago
SUN, MOON AXD TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front ( Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 5.
Sun rises 7:26
Sun s^et s a :06
Moon rises 0:35 a. m.
0 Time Time! Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L, W H W L W
5 ... E:l4 6.5 12:10 1.0 6:30i 3.5 11:09 2.3
6 ... 6::.S 6.8 1:08 0.5 7:58 3.6
L W H W L, "W H W
7... 0:05 2.7 6:42 6.0 2:04—0.1 9:12 3.8
... 1:05 2.9 7:31 6.3 2:56—0.6 10:11 4.1
... 2:05 3.0 8:23 6.5 3:44—1.0 11:00 4.4
10 ... 3:05 3.1! 9:16 6.5 4:32—1.3 11:44 4.7
11... 4:03 3.0 10:10 6.6 — 1.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
>■■• ■• ond time column gives the second tide of
the dn.y, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference If the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL..
Branch Hydn. graphic Office, t*. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 4. 1599.
Tho time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
"W. S. HUGHES.
■ Lieutenant, V. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
V>\l°.
Protection Seattle |Jan.
Ruth Coos Bay IJan.
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan.
State California Portland Jan. i
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. i
Mlneola JTacoma Jan.
Arcata Coob Bay Jan.
Coos Bay Newport Jan. I
Curacao Mexico ijan. i
Doric China & Japan Jan. I
Progreao Seattle |.)an. I
Kmpire Cooa Bay Jan.
Chllkat iHumboldt Jan.
"Weeott lYaquina Bay iJan. '
Walla Walla.... [Victoria & Puget SounliJan. '
I'umona iHumboldt Jan.
Iy«'lana\v 'Seattle Jan. '
Willamette jNanaimo Jan. '
Czarina iPugpt Sound [Jan. '
Colon [Panama IJan. I
Corona >San Diego Jan. 1
North Fork IHumboldt IJan. I
Alliance Portland iJan. !
Bristol Departure Bay IJan. '
Columbia Portland .(.(Jan. 1>
Orizaba [Newport Uan. V
MarlpoML 'Sydney IJan. 1
Vmatilla 'Victoria* Puget. Sr>und : Jan. I
Santa Ron San Diego [Jan. i:
fan.
ran.
ran.
ran.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
I Destination. Sail3. Pier
[Pupet Sound.. Jan. 5, 10 am Pier 2
] Point Arena.. Jan. 5, 3 pmiPier 2
[San Diego (Jan. 6, 11 amfpier ll
Vic & P«t Sd. Jan. 6. 10 am Pier 9
Point Arena.. Jan. 7. 3 pm Plfr 2
China& Japan! Jan. 7. 1 pmPMSS
Coos Bay jjan. 7, 10 ami Pier 13
Portland Jan. 8. 10 am: Pier Zi
■Newport....... Jan. 8, 9 amiPier 11
jHumboldt |Jan. 8, 9 ami Pier 13
■Panama (Jan. 9, 12 m'PMSS
jHumboldt jJan. 9, 2 pm'Pler 9
ICoos Bay Jan. 9. 10 amiPler 13
jSan DiejM !Jan. 10. 11 am, Pier 11
[Oregon Torts.; Jan. 10, 10 am:Pier 20
Honolulu IJan. 11. 10 amPier 7
Vic & Fgt Sd.lJan. 11, 10 ami Pier 9
iMexico 'Jan. 12. 10 am; Pier 9
Newport IJan. 12, 9 am Pier 11
I Portland [Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Destination.
Sails.
C. Nelson..
Aloha
Santa Rosa'
Queen
Pt. Arena..
China
Arcata
State of Cal
Coos Bay
Chilkat ....
Acapulco ..I
Pomona ....
■\Veeott !
Corona j
Alliance ...'
Australia ..
Walla Wall 1
Curacao ... I
Orizaba ...
Columbia ..!
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrojrraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
I mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
j office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights dangers to navigation and all matters
or interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or Riving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the f^l 10 2' 111 * d .a£
\\ . P. HI IjH EH,
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. In charge.
SHIPI'IXG IXTEI.IiIGt.ACE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. January 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. Cl hours fr. m
San Diego.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson. 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 76 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Ship Wachusett. Lamberth. 12 days from Port
Blake!?y ; put in here in distress.
CLEARED.
* Wednesday, January 4.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; GoodalJ, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson. Seattle: X T
Ital ship F S Clampa, Cocourlo. Grlmsby; a
w McNear
Pr ihlp Eurasia, Hughes. Liverpool; G W
McNear.
SAILED.
Wednesday. January 4.
Btmr Orizaba. Olsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Schr Chas E Falk. Brown. Port Townsend.
Ship Reaper, Young. Sydney.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Sadie, Smith. Umpqua.
SPOKEN.
Per pilot boat Gracls S. Jan 3, 6 a m, off th«
lightship — Nor stmr Titanla. from Xanaimo
for Port Los Angeles.
Aug 19, 6 N, IT W— Rr ship Drumcraig, from
Swasea for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 4, 10 p m— Weather
cluudy; v.-md west; velocity 8 miles.
-MEMORANDUM.
Ship Wachtuett— On Dec 24, 16 miles SW of
Cape Flattery had a strong SE gale, with \'ery
high cross sea, . aur-injr vessel to spring a leak,
leaking about tJ inches per hour; then had a
succession of SE and SW gales for 10 days;
now leaking 6 inches per hour.
CHARTERS.
The Albert and Robert Lewers load mdse for
Honolulu.
The Jules Verne Is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 255.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Wolcott.
hence Dec 26.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 3— Bark Agate.
for San Francisco.
COOS KAY— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Empire,
hence Dec 31.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Areata, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Alice, from,
San Pedro; schr J G Wall, hence Dec 25: stmr
North Fork, hence Jan 3; Nor bark Carnza!.
hence Jan 3.
Sailed Jan 4— Schr Laura Pike, for San Fran
cisco; schr Ottillie Fjord, for Hilo; stmr Burns
wick, for San Francisco; schr John A. for San
Francisco: stmr Westport, tor San Francisco;
schr Jessie Minor, for Honolulu.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr W»<-
ott. firm Coos Bay; to sail Jan 5 for Coos Bay
and San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 4— Schr Dewey, fnr
; Br ship Cape Clear, for Queenstown; Rr
ship Erodick Castle, for Antwerp: Br ship
Calena. for Queenstown; P.r ship Perseverance,
fur Queenstown; stmr G W Elder, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 4— Ger bark Thalassa, from San
Diego; stmr Alliance, hence Dec 2^: schr Jamps
A Garfleld, hence Dec 16; stmr Sunol, hence
Jan 1.
SAN FEDF.O— Arrived Dec 31— Schr G \V
Watson, from Tacoina. Jan 4— Schr A J West,
from Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Jan 3 — Schr
Emma Utter, hence Pec 17.
Sailed Jan 3— Schr Chas R Wilson, for ;
schr Laura Madsen. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 4— Schr
Monterey, hence Jan 4.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 4— P.r ship Gunford,
for Portland.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Scotia,
hence Dec 31.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan I— Br ship Illawarra,
hence Nov 14. 49 days.
COLON— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Allianca, from
New York.
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Dee 15— Br ship Dun
staffnage, for San Francisco.
CALETA BUENA Sailed Dec 21-Br bark
Golden Gate, for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE, NSW Sailed Dec s— Br bark
Cardigan Castle, for San Francisco. Dec IT—
Hr ship Brenrta, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior Jan 4 — Br stmr
Shantung, hence Nov 23.
HlOGO— Sailed Jan 2— Br bark Orion, for
Port Angles.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 3]— Rr bark St
Marys Bay, for Oregon. Jan 3— Stmr City nf
Kin. fnr San Fran
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan 2— Stmr Colan, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Paris, for
Southampton; stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for
Genoa, etc; stmr Westernland. for Antwerp;
stmr Britannic, for Liverpool; stmr Patria, for
Marseilles.
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Victoria,
from Norfolk.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Frlesland.
from New York. Jan 3— Stmr Italia, from New
York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Bel
genland. from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Teutonic,
from New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
' ji^ Steamers leave Broadway
ima^. wharf, San Francisco:
SKH^Sfc-^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
uFkVjnk Jan. 1, 6, 11. 16. 21. 26. 31;
I Cm.B*M T»a Feb. £: change at Seattle.
KBBk^Cy^Ki For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
tnfiqM^tg^ 1 C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
' D Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whateom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Jan. 1. 6, 11, 16, 21.
26. 81, Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan. 4.
9, 14, 19, 24. 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4, 8. 12, 16, 20. 24. 28.
Feb. 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22. 26, 30, Feb. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE $12 First Class Including Berths
I rinL 58 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 8, 13. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte"
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
.■ E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Conipagnie Generale Transatlantics.
(French Line) '
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ,^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North rmfoitf
River, foot of Morton street.
LA GASCOGNE j a _ ,
LA CHAMPAGNE jan 14
LA BRETAGNE ' Jan *1
LA NORMANDIE "jan ">J
LA GASCOGNE , Feb 4
First-class to Havre. *C5 and upward 5 V>er
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, J45. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATF-q
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific *oa 8 t Amenta ,5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.'
©Ljfla Wednesday, January
iJfcllall^ 11 ? Honolulu
Wednesday January
■ /-v. 11. 1899. at 2p. m.
§6]sliip J The sills s - MARI-
Gttßdlflsn!P cJ POSA sails via Hono-
/RmiMbTlJ ulu and Auckland for
(PllijyQlMSr* Sydney Wednesday.
_ • * Jan. 25, at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
_ . 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STSAMER3.
mii'S. im-THI AID MIDSt
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex." "fhurs
f r!d *>" E 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p.. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. pur i. ■
Telephone Main 1508.STAMPEDE TO
NEW DIGGINGS
Discovery City Is Almost
Deserted.
RUSH TO THE HEAD OF ATLIN
RICH STRIKE REPORTED IN A
NEW DIRECTION.
Many Who Left to Locate Claims
Took Very Little Food, and Are
Now Said to Be in a Very
Perilous Position.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
. to The call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Dec. SI <via Van
couver, B. > ' . . . I •iscove.ry i
In Atlin, was at last accounts utterly
pi by the butcher, the
hHker. the candlestick maker and a few
ln'l sel away. livery
son lit out ' n another stam
up in the direction of the head of
■ n man took about ten
grub only. Sii exodue the
\■ ry rough. As the stam
mnot return aa hong as ih"
teeps blowing their positii n may
The stai:
red about ten days
5t strike Is reported as being
the Taku trail
m Juneau. Just where
: .-■ [a Is not yet known here,
■ up Pike . At
: ■.■ Lak-. and then over a
•w mountains. Newa of the
v, in. be proba
■ m a few days.
to reach the
t. A man
in Pine Cf< ek ie-
OUt $500 i: . gold,
- . he had taken out In two
:. k. ] J .e.d rock on this
five to. ten
nugg tad went $28 50 and
• : others weighed $-
Considerable lumber is being whip
sawed for sluice boxes by men who
have claims on the several creeks.
Cabins are also being built and not
withstanding it is almost the dead of
\<inter there is considerable activity
around Atlin City . nd Discovery River.
George Rice of Juneau is building a
big two-story hotel and ■ saloon, and
Pfore. buildings are being put up. It
ye.t .'remains to be- seen which- will be
the metropolis of the Atlin region. The
rivalry between the two camps is keen.
Atiiji City is on the lake shore; Dis
covery is up Pine Creek about eight
•miles. Dogs are. getting thin, which is
a srur.e sign that grub is scarce. Whisky
Is 50 rents .1 drink and not much to be
had-at that price. Provisions are run
ning' law throughput, the entire.' region.
Sources of information indicate that
people are going to rush into Atlin,
though perhaps not in as great num
..bers-as to Dawson and there is no
doubt disappointment ahead for many,
especially for that class which, hereto
fore, has been so large— the class which
expects to come to Alaska and find gold
lying on .top of the ground. The ad
.van£a guard of the rush is here; it can't
b:- stopped.!
•Pan of the caravan which left Lake
■TosHn last fall has- arrived at Atlin
after ■ a terrible experience. Further
.particulars are not yet obtainable here.
Tltey are a' very hungry and forlorn-
J"oking Jot of travelers. The horses are
so/poop Uiey can hardly starid up. They
look' as- though they would fall over if
•one/ breathed against them. The dogs
&re'jsh"adpws! Rain and a Chinook wind
recently melted the anow in that sec
xum of. country. This was what saved
the' strength of the horses, as the snow
was a.C'frp and they did not have to paw
it up with their- feet. Others of this
■party. .n-t-re expected in daily.
/•'■Winter at Atlin -I is .peculiar ■ and
changeable, Pearly this month it was
■twenty, below z*ro, and op the 10th the
p:i<n'v-.was gone.: Then the low moun
tains' we're bare. Surprise Lake is open
and. : the Ice in the river was beginning
to. break when these advices left Atlin
about twelve days ago. At that time
it Ujqk^d like a general break up. Prob
ably-rio flowers have bloomed and no
Uriliiarii catbird has enlivened the pros
j>v?Gtor: with his squeak, for, as a rule,
. thaws; are short-lived and spring is
throttled in the morning in the interior
coujatajy over the divide if they appear
befor?: their proper time, on the calen
dii-f' Lake Atlin has not been frozen
over this winter and is described as a
"corkar" when, the wind blows.
Another Btorrn la raging in South
rn Alaska and northbound ships
!. As soon as the
weather cnoden I ret large party
soti will leave Juneau for A-
■■; the Taku trail. Quite a num- i
1 will be in the !
f the Taku as
a v, lnter truii \ ■ It is ex
be an easy one.
- ; ■ are down much
than $8 a day. as at first reported.
are as low as |6 a day and $100
th ■ • and the nutlc-uk
it they will fc» lower before the i
■■ ■r. Th usand's are hunting
rk. Th.- conditions there are be- j
er thickly i
■ ;:■■! ■■ ;he supply '.
i for labor, as it '
' a "pull" or friendship now in
'■rk.
all the bent h claims have
[Jed working, except the very deep
Hill, Skookum and
Hill. Sleighing and freighting
dogs and hones can
price has drop
■
Th>- latest reports from the new dig
• that the ground
the reports km far from
trict an favorable. Many
■ : not Join the stampede to
. of grub and means
■ :■ . .It was hard lines when
boy had to stand around
his pockets with his hands
thers running away to
Many miners believe that the Interior
Alaska placer deposits are the result
of the same action and convulsion of
nature. For instance, a foot rule if
lajd on a map in a northwesterly and
southeasterly direction; will be found
tv cover the Klondike district, the Atlin
district: and the Cassiar. though it may
depend to- considerable extent upon the
map used. This is true, however erf
the latest official map issued by the
< General Land Office from the latest
records of the Coast, Geodetic and Geo
logical Survey. Following up this sin
gular theory the country between these
world-famous placer camps will be
prpspected in as straight a line as pos
sible where the. formation shows any
i-lgu of gold. It is confidently expected
by those who will follow this adventure
that pood ground will be i found.
Quart* mining has a bright future
.'ijriund 1 >a\vson, at least for the months
(if the year that the water runs. There
is scarcely any doubt about It. This
AVQuld -'change .' '■■: « son's future from a
temporary placer canrp to be occupied
by., bats and Indians when the gravel
is worked out, to a permanent mining
center of the Yukon basin, just as
Juneau, on account of the industrious
quartz mines and stamp mills around
her, is the commercial and mining: cen
ter of Southeastern Alaska. One of the
besi looking and latept quartz locations
In the vicinity of Dawson w <s made by
George E. Pilz near Bonanza Creek.
The vein carries considerable iron, and
prospects about $15 in S"id. The ledge
is from six to eight feet wide and a
very true fissure in mica schist. Work
in the mines is going right along. Many
think that the amount of gold at the
clean up next spring will exceed the
total output of this year.
Cabin fires have been quite numerous
this fall but there was no other serious
conflagration. The wide district burn
ed in October is h»ing built up as rap
idly as the lumber supply will permit
Ry this tim* from appearances it could
hardly be told that there had been a
big fire.
i SUICIDE OF MYRTLE
BROCEE, VARIETY ACTRESS
Shot Herself at Dawson Because
'•Nigger Jim" Fell in Love With
Her Sister.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 4.— Latest ar
rivals :'rom Dawson who reached this
city this < venlng by the steamer Rosalie
tell of the tragic death of the once popu-
lar concert hall performer of Victoria,
B. C, Myrtle Brocee. in Dawson City. On
the night of December 11, when sounds of
revelry floated up to her room from the
bar of the hotel at which she was stay
ing, the variety actress placed a revolver
to her temple and deliberately blew her
brains out.
"I am tired of life, dear Florence, and
see plainly we cannot travel together
much longer. You know well my reasons
for taking this step and will forgive me,
dearest. Please keep the truth from
mother." This pitiful note was found on
the rough deal table in the dead actress'
room and addressed to her sister. The
cause of the act was jealousy. Myrtle
and Florence Brocee, after a successful
season in Victoria. left three months ago
to seek fortune in the Klondike. It ap
pears that both were either in love with
or were after the thousands of the
wealthy mine owner, "Nigger Jim."
Florence was the favorite, and when this
became evident Myrtle became very mel
ancholy, and several times threaten*
suicide.
The sisters were Canadians, their home
being in Lindsay, Ont. They performed In
Chicago and San Francisco before going
to Victoria.
STOOD BY STORMSWEPT
STEAMER MANY HOURS
The Mesaba Unable to Rescue the
Catania, Which Disappeared
During the Night.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The Atlantic Trans
port Company's steamer M'-saba. Captain
Layland, fn>m New York, has arrived
s of the meeting with the
American tania. Captain Lay-
Bays he met the Catania on I '
2 1, 1 \"v funnel had been v
away and her decks had been swept. She
a^ked to be taken In tow and the M<
1 to do so If possible, but failed on
■ : ■ • heavy seas which were
running. The Catania then signaled
"Don't abandon," and the Mesaba an
swered that she would m>t. Then th«
Mi saba asked the Catania's | pie If they
would not abandon the snip, but they re
:to do so. The Mesi • by the
Catania all night l.>ng anu the hater did
not fire any signals of distress. But at
daylight she was invisible. After Bearch
inK for the missing vessel until 9 o'clock
morning of December 30 th. Me
saba proceeded to London, having
by for twenty-two hours.
OVERRIDES THE DECISION
OF ATTORNEY GENERAL
The Auditor of Yolo County Deducts
Four Days' 1 ay From the
Salary of Officials.
WOODLAND, Jan. 4.— When some of
the late county officials railed fur their
tnber warrants they discovered that
Auditor had deducted four days' pay.
were installed In office on January
7. ! v :>4. and turned th'Mr offices over to
their - !on January 3. Their term
of office was thu d by four days.
The Auditor holds thai aa they did not
the four days they are not entitled
to pay therefor. This action is in con
flict with an opinion rendered by the At
!!'• advised th<- State
■ iller that all Staie officials who
Into offii i. January 7,
i v .'4. \v<re entitled to full pay for four
although they save way to their
January :', of this year. The
. \ the term of office and the pay
for State and county officials, and their
t. iii only be cut oft' by statutory
amendment.
SAN JOSE'S RECOUNT.
Contestants Yet Hopeful of Gaining
Several Offices.
SAX JOSE, .lan. 4 —The recount of the
city, with th«- exception of the Ninth Pre
tnpleted this afternoon in
• going on over the offic< -
f. Treasurer and City Justice. The
Ninth Precinct was not counted because
i not returned to the
• lerk, but found their way into
:ourthouse cellar. The matter will
:i to-morrow. Both
will introduce testimony, and some
bui s are i omlsed.
The legality of over 300 ballots is also'
to be . n by thf> court, and until
■ c rnie la doubtful.
Should the Ninth Precinct be thrown out
and Aggeler will be
:. and even as It is tntir friends are
sanguine of success. To-day the Nine
and Twentieth precincts were
counted, but only slight gains were made. \
FOR THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP.
Racers Entered to Compete for the
Ten Thousand Dollar Purse.
NEW YORK, Jan. I— Following are the
a for the Brooklyn handicap, $10,000,
rn'le and a quarter, announced by
the Brooklyn Jockey Club, the weights of
which will be announced February 1: Al
got. D years; Ahom. ?.; Autumn, 2; Azu
cena. 4; Banastar. 4; Bangle. 4; Ben Holli
day. G; Box, 5: Briar Sweet. 4; Candle
black, 4: Charentus, :■: niminutive, 3; Don
de Oro, S; F. F. v.. B; Filigrane. 6; Fire
arm, 4; Georgi Boyd, 4; GeOrge Kei-ne, 4;
Great land, 3; Handball. 4: Howard Mann.
6; Hungarian, 3; Imp.. •",; Jeannot. 4; Jean
B^raud. :■;; Jefferson, >;, King Barleycorn,
;'.; Kingdon, Z\ Knight of th" (Jarter, 3;
Lambent, t>: Lanky Bob. 4: Lieber Karl
4; Macy, :,. Mariti. I; Marblehead S; Max
imo Gomea, 4. Mlllstream, 4; Miss Ma
rian, 3; Mr. clay. :',. Napamax, 4; Ord
hung. :;; IVe;. o' Day, 6; Plaudit. 4; Pre
vious, 4; St. Cloud. ."»; Scottish Chietain,
5: Senator Bland, 6; The Huguenot, 4;
Thomas Cat, .'. Warren ton, 4; Whistling
Con, 4: Voter, .",.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 4 -Weather dri«
zlir.R; track heavy. Handsel was the only
winnlng favorite. Results:
Seven furlongs, Belling, Halton won,
i Glenwine second, Locust Blossom third
Time. 1:33V 4 .
Six and a half furlongs, selling. Cathe
dral won, Sir Blaze second, Vignette
; third. Time. 1:25.
One and an eighth miles, selling, Rock
wood won. Mount Washington second, In
flammator third. Time. 2:02%.
One mile, handicap. Handsel won. Queen
1 of Song second. Dr. Vaughan third. Time.
1:45%.
Six furlongs, selling. Japan won, Nannie
Davis second, Ben Frost third. Time,
1:18*4
Dingley's Weakened Condition.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4. -To-night the
physicians attending Representative
I > i ? > lt : . >• announce tl at he Is resting com
fortably, but they are noi yet able to
say whether there Is sufficient vitality
lefi in tin- patient t" successfully resist
the Inroads of the disease. After his
sinking spell this nmrniriß he rallied
somewhat and to-nisht appears stronger
An Exciting Ball Game.
WOODLAND, Jan. 4.— The postponed
baseball game between Woodland, and
Winters ■will be played on the local dia
mond next Sunday. The rivalry is so
strong that it causes almost as much i x
citement as the Senatorial handicap, in
which Yolo County has an entry.
Advances made on furniture and plancm. with
or without removal. J- Noonan, 1017-1023 MiS3lon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
MAINSTAY BEAT
THE BARRIER
AND WON EASILY
His Showing a Great
Reversal.
WAS BACKED YESTERDAY
FAVORITES CAPTURED ALL BUT
ONE EVENT.
Goal Runner a Clever Sprinter — Grey
hurst Finally Got Away From
the Post— Yellow Tail
Ran Well.
Gazing out upon the sea of uplifted
faes turned toward the grand stand after
the start in the final race at Oakland yes
terday Thi> close observer would ho com
pelled to arrive at the conclusion that
James 15. Ferguson, the starter, is not
aa popular as of yore. This crowd of dis
gruntled '"'tors did not approve of his
Una! effort with the Australian Incubator,
which hatches out both good and bad
starts. In this one particular instance
Malnstaj beat the barrier, say. four
lengths. Tliis means a preat deal In mud
dy pning. The gathering about the stand
Bald unkind things about the man from
Kentucky, and several of the more dem
onstrative raised th<Mr voices abi
whisper. Now, Mr. Ferguson can nuik.
some very pretty starts. He did so some
years ago at Washington Park and
B !Qred a hit. Hut he lias a great fault of
getting nervous and fretful about the
tim<- the last race is. culled. This afflic
tion may some day work his undoing.
Several other horses were played to win
the last event yesterday, notably the case
of Sweet William, which was a 2 to i fa-
vorite. Mainstay hacked from 4 1 - to
2% to 1 was Bhot out as if from a cata
pult and won in a trot. Eight lenpths
away Fj ff Leaf boat Sweet William a
head for place. The victory of the win
ner was popular only among: a certain
few. He started in a race the day previ
ous and the fi.rm Bheet gives an index of
his speed. Mr. Ferguson Is capable of
better work, and all that an Indu
public asks "is a fair Held and no favor."
The track was muddy and holding, and
the better < !.is< of horses remained in
their stalls. Favorites went down the
line, taking all but the last event.
In the opening five furlong scramble
Tom Ryan expected to pet 20 to 1 against
Goal Runner, and was exasperated to
Be< a very little G to 5 chalked against
the gelding. He came from behind and
won easily from Campus.
The mile selling run looked a set-up for
ound, and at odds of 4 to 5 Si
bers horse won all th« way. Rosemald
took the place from Lady Britannic.
At his second attempt the two-year-old
Yellow Tail was much more of a success.
In the three furlong spin the son of Wa
tercress inn Paloma early parted from
the bunch and won galloping. Louis
Ezell'a Loch Katrine took the place from
his stable mate [nnot I
Barney Schreibet scored his second vic
tory with the fast morsel of horseflesh
Genua. The filly ruled a 4 to 5 choice for
the five furlong scramble next decided,
and led from the jump. In a drive Bane
wor was kept busy getting the place from
The Fretter.
Another five furlong- sprint followed.
The Last had a strong- call In the ring,
and with Joy Powell in the saddle also
made a front run of it. She tired as the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 1899.—Thirty-sec
ond day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
muddy.
J A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES 13. FEHGUSOIS*. Starter.
ndex. :
Weight.
St.
14 m.
Hm.
%m.
s:tr.
Fin. i
Jockeys,
i Betting.
[Op. Cl.
... Goal Runner 109J 7
433 Campus 1 12 j 6
446 Whaleback 112 5
453 yal Fan 107 1
433 Wheat King 112 3
43S La Parasseuse 109 4
429 Peach Blossom ....107! 2
... Fortis 1091 -
4 W
3 1
7 40
2 1
6 2
1 '»
E 1
B
2 ! -
-4 2
7 100
3 2
t I
1 2
r> 6
8
1 1
2 M
6 1
4 h
6 1
8 H
7 150
8
1 h H. Martin....
2 4 N. Turner....
3 3 Hennessy ....
4 1 Rutter '....«...
shi Gray
6 2 Piggott
7 200 iHourk
8 [Burck
6-5 11-20
3 9-2
6 15
- 9-2
10 100
10 25
10 200
20 1.-.0
•' • • J. Whltten's b. g. by Dundee-Oar Pet
Good start. Won handily. Becond and third driving.
Qoal Runner handled his field tike :i trooper. Campus swerved under punishment
Whaleback finished gamely. Odds 1 ihori for Royal Fan.
C£A SBCOHD RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; pur^e, J4OO.
odes Horse. Age. Weight.'
St
>',m.
Vim.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
i Hettlng.
Op. CL
454 Oreyhurst, 5 109 1 2
442 Rosemald, 4 i'Ji a
407 Lady Britannic, 6. .1041 4
416 Durward. 5 106| 1
427 Schnitz. a 109i C
... Reolia. 4 102! 3
1 4
4 1
2 1
3 1
6
5^
1 1
4 8
3 h
5 4
6
1 4
8 2
4 10
2 1
5 10
6
1 2
2 1
4 10
3 2
E <;
6
1 4 Plpgott I 4-5 4-5
2 8 Oray 8 10
3 4 Woods 1 13-5
423 Thorpe 8 10
6 4 H Shields.... 8 30
6 Mounce 4" 100
Time— H. :K%; H. :61: %. 1:17%: mile. 1:44%. Winner, B. Schreiber's gr. g by Imn
Martenhurst-Helen Scratch. Oood start. Won easily. Becond and thin! driving. "
The eray horse had things his own way. The others don't amount to much.
(iC\ THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
:. lex I
Weight .;
Hm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
453 Yellowtail 10811 >... ... ... 12 14 Thorpe 17-10 3-4
433 Loch Katrine 100(4 4 1 2 2 W. H. Martini 4 4
453 Innovator 100! 5 ... ... ... 34 31 McNlchols .. ' • •
453 The Buffoon IOOi S ... ... ... «2 4 2 I. Powell.. 20 40
4SS Icedrop 100 7 514 5 2 J. Daly ];. --,
(453) Nina 110 2 2', 6 1 H Bhlelds.... 3 3
... Lomond 11313 7 4 7 4 , Hanch | •• •.
4. ,3 Infinity ._ LL ._ i ... 100 6 ... ... ... 8 8 M. Ke11y... ... I 15 jo
•Coupled with Yellowtail. ••Coupled with 1..0ch Katrine.
Time— Vs. :12%: %, :37". 5 . Winner. Burns*; Waterhouse's ch. c. by Imp. Watercress-lmn
Faloma. (»ood start. Won easily. Second and third driving. " v '
Yellow Tall won In stake fashion. Shields, on Nina, tried to go "farthest north."
4-fifi FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $3:j.
ndex.. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
\m.
Ptr.
Jockeys.
I Bet
iOp.
Ing.
ci.
437 Oenua 107 2 ... 10 16 14 14 Piggott ....... 7-10 4=;
(21 Banewor 107 i 3 ... 2 M 22 21 2n Thorpe I 3 £S
415 The Fretter 112 5 ... 3 u 34 31 31 Freeman |15 ■>-,
441 Ann Page 107 6 ... 615 4 2 4 2 4 2 I. Powell ... I fi *«.
225 .T«>nnl^ Reid 10S 4 ... 414 ClO r. l 5 3 N. Turner ■ 6 12
433 c.llt Edge 103 1 ... h% 6 1 i; 12 610 Beauchamp . 18 30
269 Poremus 1121 7 ... _ 7 7 7 7_ .1. RelfT 6 13
Time-* :13Vi; %, . :«M; %, 1:08%. Winner B. Schrelber's b. f. by Balgowan-Parolee
Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving. »™«».
Qenua was best in the going. The Fretter was nicely ridden. Ann Page sent her re-
grets. The ring liked her. Jennie Reid was afflicted with intermittent bursts of sDeed.
The start beat Doremus. '
r*f FIFTH RACK- Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
ndex Horse. Ape. Weight.
14m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin. ;
Jockeys.
jßett
Op.
■ting.
a.
440 The Last, 4 .....Ms) 3
... Tony Llcalzi, 4 1131 2
44. r > Lomo, S 109 9
236 Furla. 3 M 1
314 Peixnttn 11. S 112 7
43S Santa Lucia. 5 110 8
293 Cyaro, 1 10S 5
193 Zem Zem. 4 101 6
... Epplnger. 4 — 116! 4
12 14
21 2 2
9 8 1
4 h 34
8 V4 6 V4
B V, 7 1,
fi}4 6Mi
31 4 1
7 X 9_ _
1 1
2 4
8 1
4 H
2?
« 1
E 1
9
1 2
2 4
3 2
4 4
52
6 2
7 4
8 G
9
I. Powell ! 4-5
Flint j 12
W. H. Martin 6
[Gray 12
Hennessy I c
jßogan I 30
IW. Xarvaez..: 30
[Beauchamp .. 6
IW. Dean . ....I 10
4-5
15
S
20
8
10
50
7
S
Time- ?\ :37 % : >■ I:o4^t, Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. m. by imp. MeddleT-
Imp. Lady Goldsmith. Good start. Won first threo driving r
Powell, on the winner. tried to pick the dry Kf .|njf. He nearly lost the race. Tony L,i-
calzl wo? quite a BUrprtM. The stable liked him. I,nmo finished well
Scratched— Wing 99, Racivan 101.
4(J§ # SIXTH KACE-Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and ujwnni : purse, $400.
I — : ' . — __
ndex II • -■ Age. V, eight. St. «ra. x^m. \ m . Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. ci."
m *J. aln T sta s liol ••• 14 15 13 18 H. ghiefdg...." "3
421 Fig Leaf. r> 103 2 ... 2h33 42 2hH Martin 6 r
4«2 Sweet William. 5... 109 4 ... 31. 2 4 2 4 3 2 Plggott ! -?-2 9
440 B Bchreiber, 4 1013 ... 4 1 U 31 4C jW. H. Martin ' "20 60
... Jim Bozeman, a. ...108 5 ... 5 1 6 1 r. 1 5 1 . J Power ■ 10 \fi
401 Major Cook, a 103 « ... 615 «^o «25 625 ; Gray ' 3 o«
4E2 Rlcardo. a 105 s ... s 8 8 7" J.- Woods - ! 5 10
445 Manzanllla. 5 103 7 ... 76 7_2 71 8 I. Powell!lll!l| 8 13
u Time-To %1 :»V4; to H. :4fi',: last % - 1:01: short %, U%4. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s
ch. h. by Imp. Mariner-Queen Emma. Had start. Won pul!in up. Becond and third driv-
mz-
Mainstay celebrated his tenth Kolden reversal. Tndlgent friend* were invited to partici-
pate. Mr. Ferguson wa? a sympathizer. Sweet William was yanked up at the start. Major
Cook promenaded without epaulettes.
ndex Hni.". Age. Weight.
t.'h:
14m.
Hm.
'iiim.
Btr.
4.'S Mainstay, a 110 1
421 Fig Leaf. r> 103 2
4«2 Sweet William. 5... 109 4
440 B. Schrelber, 4 101 3
... Jim Bozeman, a. ...108 5
401 Major Cook, a 103 6
4G2 nicardo, a 105 8
445 Manzanllla. 5 103 7
1 4
2 h
3 h
4 1
E 1
6 15
8
7 e
1 5
3 3
24
4 fi
6 1
fi 20
8
7 2
1 3
4 2
2 4
3 1
5 1
6 25
8
7 1
-77-
-2 h
3 2
4 6
5 1 .
a 25
7 2
g
■wirp was Beared, but beat Tony Liralzl
out two lengths. Lomo was a good third.
Track Notes.
On Saturday evening:, January 7. at Teutonic
Hall, Howard street, between Ninth and Tenth,
a benefit has been arranged to be given to the
mother and two younger children of Jockey
Mead. The family Is sadly in need of financial
assistance and the entertainment should lie
liberally patronized. The following talent has
volunteered: Kelly and Marlowe. Joe Hansen.
Acme Musical Club. Tom Eastwood, George
Fay. Ed Rlordan, Dan Kemp and others.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Six furlong.--; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
337 Tobey 109 M 0 Grandezla 107
452 Don Gara 112 41. Eventide 107
404 Goethe 106 4!4 Baliverso 106
295 Flambeauette ..W7- ... Mischief W9
... nubbin* 109 ... Billy McCloekeylll
4«7 Peixotto II 109 433 Averine 104
440 Gratify
Second Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
450 Bessie Lee I'M; 405 Major S 100
395 Henry C 109 I 400 Edgemount 103
440 Cappy 107 467 Tony Llcalzl,...loS
445 McFarlßne 103 427 Paul Kruger. . . .109
439 Peru II 112 467 The Last 104
404 Sevoy 106 409 Horatio 112
337 Corrienfs 107 ... The Plunger 109
... Carrie U 107 ... Simmons 103
439 Scintillate 101
Third Race— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
<463)G0a1 Runner 104 441 Magdalenafl 102
459 Malay 104 433 Juva 101
4SB Good Hope 101 4ir. Nora Ives io;
886 Anchored 107 441 Rey Hooker 107
461 Mau i Unagi 102
Fourth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds.
460 Peter Weber.. ..109 4m MaFter 8uck. ...106
457 I'lm U>4 341 Cro«fmn!inu 107
168 DunpraJse 112 "3S San Augustine. .lo3
Fifth Race— One mile; Helling; four-year-olds
an.l u;>wani.
45ti Mamip G 96 430 Myth 97
4is Dr. Bernays '.-2 467 Nonchalance ...l" 1
-460 Blldad 99 (460)Stamma SO
•Hii Colonial Dame.. f< i 481 Imperious :>2
Sixth Race— Futurity course; Belling; three
year-..Ms and upward.
46S Rioardo 103 329 Jerilderio 107
839 Don I>uls 105 46S Jim Boseman...lo9
462 Pat Murphy 109 ... Uncle True 105
ii" i'.yron Crosi LOS (440) Aluminum .......105
421 Coda 107 ( 445 O'Fleta 109
::" Im. Mamma 1031 (254) Formella 1 !
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Baliverso, Don <:.-ir;i. wratlfy.
Sec-. n>l Race — Cappy, Horatio, Simmons.
Third Race— Magdalenas, Rey Hooker. Good
Hope.
Fourth Race- vim, Peter \Veb"r, Crossmolina.
Fifth Race Mamie G, Myth, Dr. Berr.ays.
Sixth Race— Pat Murphy, Aluminum, Don
Luis. j ______________
BULL FROGS VS. POLLYWOGS.
The water polo tournament at the
Olympic t'lub is progressing merrily. On
Tuesday evening the game scheduled tor
December 2S, but postponed from mat
date on account of ths lack of practice
of the v7aterdogs, was played. The Polly
wogs, captained by Melrose, beat the Wa
terdogs by threo goals to one. Last night
the Bull Frogs played against the Polly
wogs. The game was very keenly contest
ed. There were two fifteen-minute valves,
one minute's n si bi Ing allowed after each
goal. During the first half no goal was
Bcored on either Bide. Ends were changed
after the Interval, and the Bull Frogs
quickly threw a goal, the ball jusi |
ing behind th. i>osts. The Bull Frogs were
not long in scoring again, making the
game stand Hull Frogs - goals, Pollywogs
i>. From this time on the Pollywogs
played a hard and fast game, and before
the call of time had placed two goals to
their credit, so that the night's play end
ed all even: Bull Frogs 2 goals. Polly
wi |S -' goals. The teams were made up
as follows:
HuH Frogs. Positions. Pollywogs.
- Forward Hinkel (Capt.)
Taylor (Cast.) Center forward. ..Habernfcht
a. \v. Taylor Forward Mi
Ci ffroth Bu<-k Pape
i 'n>al Center back...-Hammarsmlth
n Back Phillips
KrHinif Coal James
When the Panic- teams nun ear-h other
in the first part l .'- of the series on Decem
br lil thi Bull Frogs defeated the 1
wogs by a score of :< goals to l. Tim
next game of the serifs will take place
on Wednesday evening, January 11— Bull
frogs vs. w.'ttt'niuus. The waterdogs'
toam is made ni> as follows: It. W. Bow
man. forward: B. Boas, <r>nter forward;
1.. Cooper, forward; J. Kennedy, back;
11. \v. Qallett, center back; C. T. Grif
fiths, back; H. Monahan, goal.
SAYS SUPPLIES
WERE ALL GOOD
Major Harrison Before
the Investigators.
EXCELLENT BEEF FURNISHED
ONLY TROUBLE WAS WITH THE
LOCAL KILLED CATTLE.
As an Expert Butcher the Witness
Declares That Chemicals Were
Not Used to Preserve
Meat for Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— Major Hop
kins, military aid to the Secretary of
"War, testified before the War Investi
gating Commission regarding sanitary
conditions at the camps at Tampa,
Camp Alger and Tamp Thomas. It was
the old question ( >f pinks, drainage and
camp police, and the testimony o£ the
witoesa was little different from preced
ing witnesses. He had not approved
of the conditions at Camp Thomas ana
in accordance with his report an order
was issued on August 15 for its aban
donment. He knew of no adverse re
port ever having been made to the Sec
retary of War on Camp Alger. If thert
were any complaints they were merely
individual. He knew of no complaint
as to any camp that was not promptly
Investigated.
"What action was taken, if any?"
"Well, for one instance, I was ap
pointed with Dr. Reed to investigate
the condition of the hospitals. The
surgeon general told us to report daily
and he would act at once on our recom
mendations."
Major Harrison, Xinth Volunteer In
fantry, whose regiment ■was raised
near Nev Orleans and Is now in service
at Santiago, was next called. Concern
ing commissary stores he said those in
the L'nited States were the best that
could be bought in the open markei.
'1 he refrigerated beef sent from this
country he : aid was excellent. He naa
had much experience with refrigerated
meat and he s.ud that while there was
some disposition on the part of the regi
mental cooks to cavil at the appear
ance of the meat, it was in reality quite
good. He explained that the sudden
change of temperature on removing the
meat from the refrigerator ships pro
duced what is known as a "beard," a
greenish growth that has to be scraped
off. When this was done the meat be
neath was perfectly good. It was is
sued to the men with excellent results
and benefited the sick materially. The
chief trouble came when the change
was made to hoof cattle. This beef
iiajor Harrison killed himself and per
sonally superintended its dressing and
cooling.
"But it would not cool in that cli
mate," he said very emphatically. -'The
meat never loat its animal heat, and
with its use our sickness increased 10
per cent. In a country where our dead
putrefied in six hours you will easily
understand that meat killed and ex
posed tii the atmospheric changes, with
coagulated blood and the attacks of
flies, will Bpoil much sooner. Our board
of survey had no work to do except
condemning and burning this local
killed beef."
' if the canned meat Major Harrison
spoke with equal emphasis, saying it
was fully as good as the refrigerator
beef and that none of it had to be con
demned.
General Beaver asked if a refrigerat
ing plant were established there
whether Cuban beef could be killed on
the ground and rendered fit for use by
the men. Witness said he thought this
would not be desirable, as the Cuban
rait:.', while line looking, furnished the
coarsest and most stringy beef he had
ever seen.
Witness said he was thoroughly I
familiar with the processes of refriger
ating and butchering meat and he was
willing to state positively that there
were no chemicals used in any of the
American beef that passed under his
observation. On the contrary, he said
that there was no chemical preparation
that could be used on the meat with
advantage to the packers and without
ruining their product before they could
get it to the army. He regarded it as
highly Improbable that anything of the
sort had been attempted.
Recurring to the hoof-killed beef at
Santiago, witness said the surgeons in
charge attributed the 10 per cent in
crease in intestinal sickness to the use
of the fresh killed beef. There was a
proportionate decrease in sickness when
the regiment returned to refrigerated
beef. Major Harrison paid he had no
complaint to make as to medical sup
plies or attendance. He considered the
whole supply system good.
EX-JUSTICE GARDNER
MARRIES A COUPLE
Officials of Marin County Will In
quire as to the Legal Rights of
the Former Magistrate.
RAX RAFAEL, Jan. 4.— Justice of the
Peace George Rodden was considerably
perturbed to-day on learning that ex-
Justice Gardner, who is also Town Re
corder, had married a couple from San
Francisco, and claimed that he was
legally empowered to do so. The names
of the two were Charles John Schwick
erath and Mrs. Lydia Dale Price, both
of 618 O'Farrell street.
Justice Rodden will contest the al
leged powers of Gardner in court. Judge
Angellotti will give no opinion.
VANDERBILT ENTERTAINS.
Gives a Little Party in Honor of Miss
Fair, His Son's Fiancee.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— After the opera
to-night W. K. YanrWbilt gave a small
supp<-r that was followed by informal
dancing. The entertainment was given
in honor of Miss Fair, the tiancee of his
son, W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. Among the
guests were Mr. ami Mrs. Hermann Oel
rlchs, Mr. and Mrs. w. D. t.roane, Mlssea
Sloane. J. H. Hammond, Mrs. Stuyvesanl
Fish, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Oelricha Miss
Lilly Oelrlehs, ..ir. and Mrs. Honry Clewfl
and Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Mackay.
Yolo's Supervisors Oragnize.
WOODLAND. Jan. 4.-The new Board
of Supervisors organized by electing John
Fredericks chairman. For the first time
in sixteen years the board is Republican.
Death of Mrs. W. M. Ord.
SANTA CRTZ. Jan. 4.— Mrs. W. M.
Ord. who ramc to California in 15.'.2, died
to-day, aged 63. She was a native of Eng
land.
May Bring Leprosy to This Country.
It is pointed out that the i'nitPd States sol
diers in Hawaii may contract leprosy there,
ami bring It to this country when they return.
While leprosy is murh to be dreaded, there
arf: .i thousand times as many victims to stom
ach disorders and blood diseases, but there 13
a cure for them In HoatCtter'e Stomach Bitters.
Other common ailments that the Bitters are a
specific for ere malaria, fever and ague. Sold
at all drug stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mmmm
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- l
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue ;
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
| Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Health is Wealth.
t l '"" 1 * GRAIN
' DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
i Iseoldunder positives Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulness, Fits, Hysteria. Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
i dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
' ful Errors, or Excossivo Ufo of Tobacco, Opium,
I or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
I Insanity and Death. At 6toro or by mail, $1 a
box; six for £5; with written RimranteeUo
care or refund, money, ©ample pack-
: age, containing five days treatment, with full
i instructions, 25 cents. One- er.mplo only sold to
i each person. At ctoro or by mail. J^»^-
tS2TRcd Label Special^gg®
Extra Strength. KMT-a-i
For lmpotency, Loss o£«W"<? Y\
Povror, Lost Manhood,
Btorility or Barrenness.s. X. .J**/
$1 a box; 6is for $5, withiT^^r
written cuaranteejym^g&W
tocurein3odaj-3. At 6toro~_'_3J.
GEORGE DAHLBENDBR & CO., Sole Agts..
214 Kearny St., Snn Francisco.
#4ifcw CANCER
fflUßgj&B^.^- X, AND TUMORS CURED I
smß^^^^ ' V'\ No Knifa or Fain. ;
al ?:;■:,: % ; " No Pay Until Cnr.-d. j
B&i . • ** Any lump in a
WHO** „,, ,, H'-%& woman's breast la
l^fflte ■:, .4*** '#M cancer, and \< al- !
9B|' %«|i ? *» . \'W : lowed to pet large
¥Wrs£ ■■ '■ '■'""• ; : %■ ■ 1 always poisons the
$-y-£ ■ ■■ ' ■ ■ ■ ■ p-^ V : glands in the arm-
Mizfflki % pit. When the can-
Wm!mtse&?: '■■■- ' ■•' l ''' r in th>- armjjit
■>&£3§s3LJ , ~, Keis large cure is
%&sZsl '*?J Face and lip are
wegji . also very common
J&Wf-'*4'' places f"r cancer.
S&&/<£" y I Send 80-Page
i^;V.'i' «'V j^ Book Free
. With testimonials
*»'- '~ -J> ** of a thousand I
—^i»,./«*~- ■-" have cured.
S. R. CHA/V\LEY, M. D.
Office 25 Third Street, S. F.
Send to Sotn; One With Cancer.
No Crops Will Grow
On certain western lands unless streams of living
water be carried to every part. It Is thus that
the principle of life 13 carried throughout our
1 bodies by the nerve system. We say. and Bay
rightly, that THE NERVES ARK THE |
LIFE, and if from any cause they be enfeebled |
or broken down, the miseries that result are
BEYOND ALL TELLING. Lassitude and |
debility, BleeplesKoess and discomfort, gloom,
fret fulness and Incipient mania, lohs of vita!
powers, and the tendency to consumption, and
other fatal maladies are all due to this.
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
are the sure remedy and preventive for all these I
evils. Impart vitality, vigor and potency, give |
• relief to insomnia., failing memory and evil |
dreams. Repair the effects of excesses and In (
discretions— up the entire system.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents . 6 Boxes at 82.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or !
Vital Enerjry. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTS) CO. Cantor. Building. Chicago, ill. j
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
q vi Bit8 it DR. JORDAN'S <>••««*
rfgln Museum of Anatomy
p|pl|, 1051 1US2ET ST. to'.. 6th * 7th, S. F. CaL
( a 1 The L » r tor!t>kinilintlie World.
{^mI \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Ifc, Conmlutton fres. Write for K«ofc
\ I (^PhUosophy of Marriage.
• « MAILED FREE. ■
X"^""!^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jUrrfffl 625 KEARNY ST. Established '
Jraitajn' 11 INS-J for the treatment <:f l'rlvato
mLiJrhXm. Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ESS ygiih-k*^ disease wearingon body and mlnrland
*k9|^^^UH skl " 1 - >; * f>aBl 'S. Tliorloctorcureswheii i
9MHaSSH9<'nrp«{cu»rnntr«-<l. C:UI orwrlte. '
?saK&S€?ta <'iirp«ffi:arant»'«M!. Call orwrite.
»r. J. 1". »«iBBOX, Box :-Js7..saa Francisco. '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THiS
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
BAILBOAJj TRAVEL.
California
' Y ' ■ ,' **-"f. i : { ' . ■ '
Limited i
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves sa::
Francisco via Los Angeles at ti
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturda/
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO T!CKEf~OFFICE — 623 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONK MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe— J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. IS&S. trains will run as follows: j
South-bound. North-bound. i
Pagsen- Mixed. Mixed. IPaasen- ;
ger. Sunday Sunday gcr.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'j'td Daily, j
B:2oam 10:30am Stockton 3:45 pm: . r .:50 pm
10:10am I 2:05 pm Merced 12:43 pm 4:o3 p:n
11:40am s:3opm Fresno S>:3oam 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:35 pm
8:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11:23am
ll:G8pml B:sopm Visalia | 6:4o am| I:lspm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of Ftage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Of flee, 321 Market
■treet, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
! &* FIRST REGULAR AUCTION SALE £a
Of FINEHORSES.VEHICI E s,£tc.
I Wiil Be Held SATURDAY. January ". at Oc-
cidental Horse Exchange. 721 How-
ard St.. near Third.
Having made extensive alterations especially
for the holding: of sales every week in the
finest pavilion in California, I take pleasure
in announcing that on the above date" I will
i sell a number of fine roadster?, ■.11 matched
i driving teams, saddle horses, draft horses and
i fifteen ht>ad of the smallest, handsomest and
; best tn.ined Shetland Ponies ever offered, be-
fidea buggies, sulkies, carts, wagons, harness,
etc. \VM G. UAYNG,
Livestock Auctioneer.
E^Vi-nrltrnments solicited.
BAILSCAD TRAVEL.
MWITIIKHN IM«[II( COJIPAST.
. (i-ACjric SVM KM.)
.'ruin* Irnvc Mini arc clue 1 .. nnlie nt
MAN lit AN« INTO.
(Main Line, Foot of Murkc-t Street.)
' leave — From Sec 16, 1398. — . arf.iti
• (1:00 a Nile*. Sau Jose and Way Stations... *»T4
7:0Oa Kenicitv, Suisuu aud Sacramento 3:4Sp
T:OO v Jlarysville, Orovilie Redding via
Woodland St4sp
7:O<»a Klmira, Vacaville and Bunsf-y 8:45f
~:\M.\. Martinez. San U»iuon, Vallejo, Nap*,
(,'»ll»toga and Santa Rosa U:l3p
K:OOa Atlantic liipresj, Ugden and l'.aat.. Bi43r
hiIIOa ,San Joss, LiTermore, .Stockton,
lone, bacraineutL.. Flactxrille,
MuryßTille, Cbioo, Jihitf 4i1.1p
HiHOa •Milton, Oakdaie and Jamestown... 4:15p
»:OOa. Martinez, Truoy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Meroed »nd Fresno 12:15*
!Mm»a Fifßnu, UakersUelU.^anta lUrl'ura,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 0:43p
IO:O»a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i43p
12:00m Siles. Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
FcrtemUe .i.- 4:1. -
-• I:OOp Sacramento Hl»er Steamers 'SsOOp
*!<>«i- Martinez. Man Ramon, Vallejo,
tfapa, l.;;.!!Mc>j;>i, Smitu Koga »il»*
4:00r Beuicia, Vacaville, Haciuinento,
Wouitland, Knights Landing,
MarysTille, Oro»illo 10:43*
4»:i»p Niless, San Joeo and Stockton 7il3p
A:OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakenineld, Los
Armeies 9:45*.
8:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 18:13*
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, JJrudota, Fresno,
MojaTc, Banta (Tarbara and Los
Angelas »«»»A
!5:00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St. •. ■
Louis, Chicago and East 50 45 A
St3op rianta Fe Route, Adnnllo Express
for MuJaTH and Kant fl:43p
«:O«r K.iiropeau Mail, t>g.l«» and I'.ast U:43a
6:O(ip Hoywards, N'iles and San Jose 7:45a
♦«:(M»r Vullejo .■ 18iI3p
t~:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }»:4:>p
St«Or Oregon Hucraioento, Marys-
villtr. K«<Mli<k, r..it!an.l. I'uget
a»u:.dan<l Kaflt 8:1»A
1 1 0:03 p Sunset Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kant 61:45f
KAN LKANUBO AMI lIAVWAICDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.) ;
1 Jlolros", Seminar)- I'nrk,
8:OOa KUcllbiirß, KlniliDntt, ■ 6:13*.
iU:OOa Snn l.cninlro, South Sail (*9:4!>*
IO.O(»a I.CRllill-O. Kxtuitlllo, 10:43a
tlI:OO« Loreniso, Cherry • l*:«Tr
BstlOp an ,l (l:4»p
' iOOp i Runs through to Nlles. ' :15p
J t From Nlles^ I
1 COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT Jiaiiaif).
(Foot of Market Street.) m
»:13ANewarV,CentorTllle.6anJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crur and Way
Buttons 5:30»
, *2:13p Newark, CenterTtlle, Ban Jose, New
Alniaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station,! MOi.IOa
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 0:20a
1 1 1:45 c Hunters' Excursion, San Jose »nd
Way Stiitlo'is :?:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlti rßlHClSCO— foot of lUrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:0(1a.m. |1:00 *2:03 $3:00'
•i:00 J5:00 'S^Oi'.m.
.'rsmOlll.lSD— Foot srßrotiwuj.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00a.m.
118:00 •1:03 J2:00 ; 3:30 tt:QO «3:03r.n.
COAST DIVISION <Kro»il (iaiijte). :
(Third and Townscml Stjt.) __
7:OOa Han Jose »>ml Way .Stations (New
Alniaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
O:OOa Sun .lose, 'i'res Pimm. S«nU Cruz.
Pacilic liiove, Paso Kubies, Ban
Luis Obifiim. (iiiadalune. Surf and
Principal Way SUM,, us 4:IOp
lOi4Oa San .Idim ami Way Stotloiw »f»:OOa
i 1 l::t«iA San Jose an>l Way Stations Bi3Sa
•ai43rBan Mat*n, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose, .
Ullruy. Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(Jrove "10:884
•»::«o Han .lose ami Way Stations •0:00*.
•l:15i- SanJoseainl Principal Way Stations 0:43*
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:83 a
5:30i- Baii.!..seaii.i Principal Way Stations 3:SOp
U::i«r San Josa ami Stations 7:30p
! t11:43i- San Jose and Way Stations *<:!tOp
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
I • Sun, lays ?xcepte<l. { Sunaays only, t SaMinlayn only
■[Mondays and Thursdays. nTuendays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. (Thursdays and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN M. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibuxon Ferry, Fool of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.bO
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:»0.
j 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
: WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
\ Game schedule as above.
Leave Arrive '
1 San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
I October 16, 1 •
■tt'eek I Sun- ISOS. ; Sun- I Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. | Days.
i 7:3oam 8:00am| Novato, 10:40 am' 3:40 am
; 3:30 r>mi I:Soany Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:£5am
| s:lopm S:00pn? Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22pra
Fulton,
! 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyaervllle. .
S:3Cpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3opm 6:23 pm
Hopiand and
I 7:3oam 8:00am L'kiah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
i 3:30 pm ' 6:22 pm
7:3oam S:ooam Sonoma 10:40am S:4oam
and ■
6:10 5:00 Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pro
7:3oam S:ooam Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
i S:3opm s:Copm 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
i Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Eerville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
' Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
i Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
: Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
1 John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's
: Sanhedrin Heights, HullvUle, Booneville Orr'i
' Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
: Westport. Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonville. Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ;-£syj
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, •»:30. 11:00 a. m. »1:45.
1:45. 5:15, «6:CO, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For .San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. ■ m
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, *10:00, »ll:30 a. m. . «l:li
8:00, *4:30. 6:13 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ■ "
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:33, 7:45. ♦9:30 a. m.;
I •12:20. 2:20, •2:4:.. 5:05 p. m.
; EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »S:00. *10:00. *11:55 a m.
i •1:15. "3:10. 4:40. *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from Pan Quentin.
. FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— £;«, 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.
12:35, 2:4.', 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:03. 1:20, 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week — Cazadero and way trta'ns.
, 1:45 p.m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
nations.
i 8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan. Mills and way sta't.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sai:-alito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
Kept. 11, 1S38: T '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S :00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Market
! street. San Francisco.
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
COMBINATION
MEANS HIGH
WATER RATES
Must Pay Interest on
Two Plants.
"CALL'S" STORY ADMITTED
OFFICIALS TELL WHY THE DEAL
WAS MADE.
Explanations That Do Not Agree
With Statements and Actions
of the Past Four
Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 4.
The sensation of to-day was the fact
published i xclusively in this morning's
Call that tlk- notorious water schedule
- ted under such exciting circumstances
last March had been put Into force by
••.. two watei companies and also thai
the two companies had positively com
bined and that competition was at an end.
These statements were verified to-day
by officials <>t" the two water companies,
who admitted that they had found it
ssary :<> demand the new rates, and
that an agreement had been reached,
n. >i that actual consolidation is a neces
sity.
The <'all is in a position to-day to em
ph.x.-iz. the statement made this morn
ing. Last Saturday there was a positive
agreement ratified between the two com
panies, i.i;. article of which is said to bo
that the two plants are to be placed on
one footing and under one management,
and that the officers of the Oakland
Water Company will soon be closed and
the Contra Costa Company will assume
control of the allied plants.
The purpose of this is obvious and will
be the means of yet further taking money
from the pockets of the water rate pay
ers. It means that Instead of the Council
having to fix the rates on the cost <>f
plant H will be required to
!:.\ them upon the lxisis of the
cost of the two plants, which, according
to the opinion of the companies' own ex
perts, Is about ten million dollars- six
millions for the Contra Costa Company
and tour millions for the Dingee plant.
Six per cent on this basis would mean
iver half a million dollars has to be
ted for interest in addition t" the
Ltlng expenses and cost of main
trnati' c.
Presideni IMngee of the Oakland t'om
d< clares In an Interview that th> re
was no alternative but to come to an
agreement and to charge what the ordi
nance allowed. He said to-day: "What
■ iture may develop I do hot know,
but as yet we have not actually consoli
dated. It . :. ;y essential that we
nave an in. reased revenue in ordi .
carry out our plans to supply Oakland
w;-;, water during the coming season
be a dry one.
X' Ither company has made money and
unless w t can g< t some return for our out
-1• k 1 v ! 1 1 i may be without water and
tins will give thi city a very black eye.
'i n. dryness of the season mak<
■ to expend considerable money to
I - ;:l!ii L< :it water, and as a I
re must be additional revenue.
However, even under the new schedule we
■ ■■ '. ■ barging as much as th.- law al
ows by any means. We are merely pro
gainst a waste of wa
ur • ■■ bat hs, closets, lawns, • I
"•Certainly, both companies will <-_harge
in. rate, and. as 1 hav<
companies have been forced to take the-e.
rhis statement of Mr. Dingee Bounds
when compared with the
statements of the Oakland Water Com
pany mad.' two years ago when competi
tion was ai Ita height At that tit:,-
Alvarado supply, on which the new <om
depends, was said to be sufficient to
supply a cay of three times the >{■/.•■ of
Oakland, and to be absolutely Independ
ent of rain, on which the <'ld company de
pends entirely. These statemi tits were
spread broadcast while the stocK of the
new company was being floated, but now
thing apparently has changed. The
president of the new company saye that
th.; citizens should be glad to contr
to any scheme that will Insure an ada
quate supply when prospects are bo
black.
: -tit situation is, from
a financial point <•! view, for the water
rate payers, they ar-- not yet being taxed
"aa. much ac the law allows, bj
b," according to Mr. Dlngee. As tne
rates ■ er 500 per i • nt ,-;ince
last January, and 31 pel cent since last
month, the taxpayer fe standing ag]
ring what km'! of a New dear's
joker has been sprung upon him by the
combined companies.
J. H. T. Watkinson is general manager
of the Contra Costa company. The bead
quarters of this company is in San Fran
and whenever Mr. Watkinson la
asked anything concerning the company's
business In the Oakland office, where he
presides, he invariably tells his caller
thiu everything is done in San Francisco,
and preserves silent c.
To-day he broke his rule, rind said: "It
Is true that the two companies realize
the necessity of additional revenue, and
to that end have reached an understand
ing. The Increase in rat< ais absolutely
Imperative, owing to the prospects of an
other dry season such as the last. The
rmes are not as high as provided in the
schedule adopted by the City Council.
They are only midway between the rates
of 1896 and 1898. Under the old rates we
have been barely paying expenses, and as
there is every indication of a dry season
coming, we have been put to extraordi
nary expense In order to maintain an ef
ficient service.
"Yes, it is true, as stated in The Call
this morning, that the Contra Costa com
pany has been obliged to open an im
mense pumping plant at Alvarado In an
ticipation of the dry season. The citi
zens for four years have obtained water
at nominal rates, and it is only right that
they should now be willing to stand a
slight Increase, inasmuch as the company
has suffered in the past."
It Is very amusing to Oaklanders to hear
the managers of the two rival water com
panies discussing the same question in
such an amicable manner and showing
how completely tlu-tr two minds think as
one. Four years ago the rivals were
rushing Into prim, denouncing each oth
er, circulating thousands of pamphlets
prepared by the Board of Health con
demning the old company's supply, call-
Ing -arh other thieves and resorting to
every known artifice to steal each other's
business. One of the main pipes of the
new company at Alvarado was blown up
by dynamite and the new company de
clared it was the work of some emissary
of its rival, while the old company sug
gested that it was done to create sympa
thy.
This spirit was kept up for two years
and the meanness to which the corpora
tion.-; descended is shown by the fact that
whenever a waterback burst in a con
sumer's bouse the opposition company to
the one supplying the house would at
once acquire the burst waterback and
exhibit it as a specimen of what might
be expected by using the other company's
water.
Then came the great revelation last
spring, when Oakland discovered that the
methods of the new uompany were not
any more along the lines of purity, re
form ami honesty than those accredited
to the old corporation. The scandals con
net. | ( with tli" Council were attributed
as much to one compnny as the other
and doubtless with justice, and all the
pi.as.vi! things said of the new company
were called back and the two corporations
stood on an equally unpopular footing in
tlie ' 'immunity.
Now the incident is closed and the tax
payers who welcomed competition find
tiiat they adopted a serpent, for both
companies being united will demand the
legal 6 per cent on every inflated dollar
they claim to have Invested.
To-day The Call published the receipts
of a water rate payer, showing that the
cost for his house had Increased from &)
cents per month last January to $2 .". for
this January. Mr. Watkinson says: "The
rates are not yet as high as provided in
the schedule adopted by the City Coun
cil."
Mr. Dingee says: "We are not charg
ing as much as" the law allows by any
means."
The taxpayer will speak at the election
to be held in March for a new city gov
ernment, and it is safe to predict that in
the next Council the names of Brqsna
han, Heltman, Earl. Watklnson, Wood
ward and Henntbcrry will not be promi
nent.
Trouble Over a Courtroom.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— There is trouble
over another temple of justice in Ala
meda County. James G. Quinn has suc
ceeded Fred C. Clift as Justice of the
Peace of Oakland Township, and when
the former appeared at the courtroom,
southwest corner of Eighth street and
Broadway, this morning prepared to take
possession his predei essor declined to
turn over to him the furniture and court
paraphernalia, unless he be paid there
for $2<k>. This price Quin;i regarded as
exorbitant, but ho was ai the mercy of
his predecessor, who had already paid an
other month's rent in advance. Quinn
has therefore rented a store jusf below
the. old courtroom, where he will deal out
justice until the friends of the past and
present Justices induce the former to re
linquish his key.
Burglars Still at Large.
OAKLAND. Jan. 4. No trace has yet
been found of the burglars who bound
L.o Chin, a Chlnes< merchant, this morn
ing and robbed his safe of $850. iiie
burglars had an easy task. They evi
dently knew thai Chin carried the key
of his strong box attached to his waist
by a cord, for after beating him they cut
the key from the cord and opened the
safe from which they took the money.
Sinclair Is Incompetent.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The hearing of the
petition of Fred Sinclair to be appointed
guardian of his brother, Thompson W.
Sinclair, was concluded to-day, and Judge
Hall declared the latter Incompetent, and
as a compromise appointed Dave Sin
clair, another brother, as guardian, and
fixed the L-onds at $2000.
KINARD DECLINED TO
TAKE ANY EXCEPTION
THE CASE AGAINST EX-JUSTICE
CLIFT DISMISSED.
Attorney Chapman Brands Plaintiff's
Attacks as Purely Ma
licious.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway. Jan. 4.
The case of C. E. Kinard against Fred
C. Clift. which practically died with the
old year, the main object being to de
pose" defendant as Justice of the Peace,
was formally stricken oft the docket by
Judge Ellsworth this afternoon.
When the case came up to-day Attor- j
ney >l. C. Chapman, on behalf of the de
fense, stated that it" there was any doubt -
In the court's mind as to whether or not
his -Honor had jurisdiction defendant
would waive that point, desiring tv pro-,
ceed with the hearing of the case, the
gist of which h< red a malicious'
attack and one in which the defense de
sired to put in its testimony.
Judge Ellsworth remarked from th"
• he regarded it very strange
that Kinard had allowed the matter oi
charging malfeasance in office to lie until
within twenty days from the close of i
term befor-- proceeding.
"We have been busily engaged in h< :>r
ing this case," said Judge Ellsworth,
"and as yet Kinard has proven nothing.
The main object of the suit was to oust
defendant and the time for this has ex- \
pired."
Plaintiff Kinard here called his Honor's',
attention to the fact that a penalty of
$600 was involved. Judge Ellsworth, how
ever, remarked that he had proven noth
ing, and that the penalty was merely an
Incident. He therefore declined to hear
the matter further and struck the case .
off the docket.
Even to this action the defense ex
c< pted, stating that it would be prefera
ble to put in a defense.
His Honor then suggested that Kinard
might take an exception and get out a
writ of mandate compelling him to hear
the case further, but this Kinard declined
to do.
Mrs. Prescott Returns.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children has de
that Til-- demands of Oakland made
it imperative that it shall reopen this
branch which was closed here about a
.-car ago.
Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott, who had charge
of the office formerly and who did splen
did work, has been appointed to th»
charge she formerly held and has re
opened her office in the Central Hank
building.
During Mrs. Prescott's term of office an
extraordinary amount of g>>"d work was
done <>n behalf of children, and she was
frequently complimented from the bench
for her methods.
Deadlock in Police Board.
OAKLAND. Jan. 4.— The Board of Fire
and Police Commissioners met this morn
ing and took up the matter of tilling the
vacancies in the Police Department, but
there proved to be a deadlock: each
member placed one candidate in nomina
tion and no selections were made.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Jan. I— Herbert F. Patter
son, a law student, has bei n elected to
succeed W. H. L. Hvnes as law librarian
at the courthouse. Hynes ha:; been ap
pointed a deputy under District Attorney
J. J. Allen.
In the suit of the Pacific Improvement
Company vs. James A. Waymire, involv
ing the Alameda marsh lands, a stipu
lation was (il"ii to-day substituting Alar
tin Carter for Thomas Carter as a de
fendant.
Amanda Brown has been granted a di
vorce from Joseph Brown on the strength
of the law which provides that divorced
persons shall not marry within a year
after their legal separation. This is* the
llrst case of its kind decided in this coun
ty. Mrs. Brown testified that she was un
aware, that Brown had but recently been
divorced when she married him.
Superior Judge Hall to-day denied a
writ of habeas corpus in behalf of w.
H. Allen, who is held for obtaining money
under false pretenses. Allen attempted
to trade a mortgage for the furniture of
the Winter's Hotel, so it is charged, and
his title to the mortgaged property was
found defective.
Kins: Wells, who was arrested for in
sanity yesterday, in that he assaulted his
stepfather, William Taylor, with a club.
was examined to-day by the Lunacy Com
missioners and committed to the Stock
ton In.sane Asylum.
The Lichool of Design.
Th» School of Design of the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art opened on January
3 with !ifty-six students. The night class
opened Wednesday. Thp free day has
been changed from the tirst Friday to the
first Sunday of each month.
OVER=GENEROUS, THIS MAN
DIED ALMOST UNMOURNED
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The death of John N. Williams in Clare-mont a few
days ago recalls the story of his reduction from a man of wealth to
comparative poverty. About two years ago Williams fell ill, and he
thought he was dying. Summoning an attorney to his bedside, he
deeded to his grandson, C. D. Vincent, all nf his property, amounting to
54- pOQ f with the stipulation that during his declining years he was to re
ceive a certain stipend. Scion, however, he recovered, and the grandson ap
parently forgot to pay the agreed amount.
Believing himself wronged, AVilllams brought suit to set aside the
deeds, A hot legal battle ensued, and finally Vincent turned over to the
plaintiff about $8000 of the quarter of a million, and the case was dropped.
The amount returned, however, represented heavily mortgaged property.
This settlement did not patch up the family trouble, and yesterday, al
though Williams had many relatives, the cortege attending his funeral
consisted of two carriages. One held the minister and the other a daugh
ter, Mrs. Gray.
Another daughter lives in Sacramento, and is supposed to be the per
son who has been sending strange letters to Supervisor Talcott, in -which
she signed herself "God Almighty," filing up the body of the letters with the
word "whisky."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THtTRSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899.
IS CATCHING
DOGS TO PAY
UP HIS FINE
Farrell Given Just One
Day's Grace.
THE PENALTY FOR CRUELTY
POUNDMAN'S REPORT IS A REV
ELATION.
Casts Some Light on the Behavior for
Which His Deputy Was
Recently Con
victed. "•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 4.
Pete Farrell, the Deputy Poundman,
1 who cruelly beat a small boy and was
convicted some time last fall, was In the
I Police Court to-day, but was not sen
tenced, although he was peremptorily
i served with notice that unless he be pre
pared to pay a $50 line I'or his brutality
j to-morrow morning he will be summarily
j punished. Farrell gave as an excuse to
day for not being ready with his coin that
his employer, the Poundmaster, was dig
-1 King ii up for him and would no doubt
pas it before night.
Farrell s employer, according to the re
' port of the pound for December, should
! have no difficulty In digging up $50. This
report shows that the pound has cost
Oakland a total of $is:< 50 for December,
and Councilman Girard demands an in
vestigation. This immense increase in the
fees paid the Poundman explains to a
great degree the reason for the plight in
which Pete Farrell now linds himself.
Farrell was convicted of beating a boy
after forcibly taking away his pet dog.
As the report shows that on an average
about fifteen dogs a day were caught and
killed, it is not surprising that some of
them were not the stray curs that the
pound officials are supposed to corral.
In addition to killing 318 dogs the Pound
master had collected fees for removing
51 dead dogs, ] dead sheep. 2 dead goats.
'S dead pits and .r> dead cats during the
month. From all these sources, as well as
in amounts collected from individuals who
redeemed their animals, and including $30
for the rent of the pound which the Coun
cil generously allowed for the first time
last November. Mr. Powers' bill reaches
the respectable figure of nearly $500.
To-morrow, when the deputy appears
before Judge Smith, the $T.(l will have to
be "ii hand, or Farrell will not be given
any further chance of catching dogs to
satisfy the demands of justice.
MRS. YON SCHMIDT IS
GRANTED A DIVORCE
SENSATIONAL CHARGES OF CRU
ELTY ARE MAINTAINED.
The Commodore Was Alleged to Have
Threatened to Cut Off Her
Head With a Sword.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 4.
Isabella yon Schmidt was granted a di
vorce fr'.m Commodore Edward A. yon
Schmidt on the ground of cruelty. She.
was also awarded custody of the five
minor children, fur tlv present at least,
and $75 monthly alimony fur the sup
port of herself and children.
The case was tried before. Superior
Judge W. K. Greene, and the courtroom
was thronged with friends of both parties
and witnesses from Alameda, where they
reside.
Mrs. yon Schmidt testified that on one
occasion her husband had taken a shot
at her in their Alameda home, and that
the bullet lodged in the door leading from
the dining-room to the hall, while the
sho< ter Btood In the kit' hen. On another
occasion he had threatened to cut her
head off with a sword.
Commodore yon Schmidt, the defendant,
also gave testimony which the court in
summing up the case severely criticized.
His iath<r. Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt,
was also called and narrated an episode
regarding a quarrel between his son and
th.- plaintiff, in which a flower pot was
crashed to smithereens. He had told
them both that they should be ashamed
of themselves. Witness regarded some of
Mrs. yon Schmidt's associates— mostly di
vorced women and theatrical people— as
unlit and not proper companions, and in
speaking of the wordy wars that some
times were waged by husband ami wife,
he said that to his mind "the parties got
along about as well as most married peo
ple do." At times the wife was rough
with the children, but she had always
been what he considered a pretty good
mother to them. On several occasions
during the husband's absence at sea the
wife remained away in San Francisco all
night, and frequently came home very
late, say 11:30 o'clock. In the morning he
would comment on this and Mrs. yon
Schmidt would tell him that it was per
haps 9:30 when she had arrived home.
"But." continued witness, "I could hear
her come in and would get up and light a
match and look at my watch."
Dr. T. P. Tisdale, Captain A. V Lan
caster C. J- Lancaster, Alameda City
Trustee F. J. Fletter and Annie Mellon
were also called as witnesses, but their
testimony was devoid of any taint of
sensation. ,
The defendant was also questioned by
the court as to his financial condition.
He mated that he was receiving $250
monthly, minus $150, which he was re
(luired to pay monthly to Captain Dolllver,
his predecessor as harbor pilot, on a note
for $OF>O given for his goodwill: that aside
from this debt there were several others;
that he owned no realty, save three acres
of Alameda marsh land, worth about
$1000 and some Alaska mining stock.
Mrs yon Schmidt, plaintiff, next was
taken in hand by the court on the same
point, and testified that she was abso
lutely without m»ans of support.
The case was submitted without argu
ment and in summing up the case Judge
Greene stated: "The plaintiff is entitled
to a decree. The weight of testimony is
in h>v favor. It is true that probably
all her testimony is not corroborated; but
it is corroborated in two very important
instances, which in itself is sufficient.
"The insinuations made on the moral
| character of the plaintiff when punctured
prove nothing. The disposition on the
part of defendant to pursue these insinu
ations shows malice. There was nothing
that called for the statement that she
was an illegitimate child, or that her
mother was an abandoned woman. This
was not necessary and did not meet the
issue. No doubt the defendant on reflec
tion would say now that he was perhaps
sorry for some things that he wished he
had not said. His calling one of his chil
dren names at the table showed him not
to be a discreet man. and his manner of
correcting a two year old child is not
commendable."
When the suit was filed, only about
three weeks ago it created no end of
surprise in Alameda society circles, for
both parties are popular and prominent,
and the fact that the wife prior to her
marriage had been a ballet dancer served
as a spicy morsel for the gossips.
Editor Weeks Will Betire.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 4.— is stated to-day
that George F. Weeks, editor of the Ala
meda Encinal, will retire from the active
management of the paper after Febru
ary 1. The gentleman has not found the
Alameda journalistic field as congenial a
one as he sought and for some months
has been endeavoring to lease his plant. j
He has been anxious to try his luck in '
Klondike, and it is said he will leave for
the gold fields early in the spring. The
Encinal will pass into the control of Ed
ward Xauman, who has been the business
manager for the past year. City Editor
Charles Whiting will retire, but the name
of his successor has not vet been made
public. The Encinal is the oldest paper
in Alameda County, and was founded by
the late F. K. Krauth.
Alameda City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4.— The City Trustees
this evening confirmed the appointment
of John Conrad as Chief of Police and
William Schumacher as sergeant. A. Ew
ing was appointed poundmaster to fill the
unexpired term of V. Josephs, deceased. |
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4. — Thompson Hose Com
pany No. ]. one of the pioneer organizations of
: the Volunteer Fire Department, held its an
nual meeting last evening and elected the fol
lowing officers: Frank A. Messner, foreman:
Frank Philips, first assistant; George Morris,
second assistant; Nicholas Relnecker, treas
urer; T. R. Hansen. secretary.
: Mrs. SI. H. Krauth. {<><■•- — -ly one of the as
! slstants in the tree library, has been promoted
I to th.? position of first assistant librarian.
E. \V. Maslln addressed the Unitarian Club
this evening. His subject was "The Curiosities
of the Fig/ 1
Miss Ella B. Shaw and Miss Ruth Mclntyre
have been elected teachers In the Alameda ]
School Department.
Miss Phoebe L. Hosmer has resigned as
teacher of Latin and French in the high
school. Miss Lulu .Heacock lias been appointed
to till the vacancy.
The Alameda High School football team will
play the San Rafael Athletic Club Saturday
|on the local gridiron. This will be the last
I game of the season.
Leland S. Ramsdell. a member of the class
; of 1898 of the Alameda High School, wa* given
| a farewell party this evening at the home of
Miss Belle HlckoX, 2045 Santa Clara avenue. Mr. .
Ramsdell will leave next week for Honolulu. ;
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Jan. 4 —Patrick Russell, a
soldier Gl years of age. died last night at his
home at Sixth ftreet and Charming way. West
Berkeley. Deceased was a native of Ireland and
serve. l in the United St.u».s army for twenty
one years. The interment will be in the Sol
diers' Plat in Mountain View Cemetery.
University Luis*' No. lfi-. Knights of Pythias,
Installed the following officers with elaborate
ceremonies last night: Chancellor commander,
T. R. Elliot; vice chancellor, A. L. Atwood;
prelate, A. M. Swing; master at arms, 1., j.
Alkalay; keeper, Charles R. Bryant; master of
finance, Don K. Miller; master of exchequer,
George W. Gunn; master of work. J. T. Vln
ther; inner guard, J. D. Rlcardo; outer guard,
John Schultz.
The Board of Education held its regular
monthly meeting last night. The leave of nh
sence recently gnuued to Mrs. G>. S. Kemble
was extended until the opening of the n-xt
BChool term. J. A. Marshall was awarded the
contract for laying a cem< i:t sidewalk in front
of the Lorin School, at 10 cents per square
-
At a meeting of the Peralta Fire Company.
held last night, a resolution was adopfd by
the members present petitioning the Board of
Trustees for the appointment of William P.
Grant of the Columbia Fire Company as Fire
chief of the city. The position was left vacant
by the resignation of Chief J. J. Kenney last
month. ___^___^__—
GOVERNMENT TO PROTECT
STATE'S FRUIT INDUSTRY
UNIVERSITY REGENTS THINK IT
THE MOST FEASIBLE PLAN.
Chair of Forestry at Berkeley—Legis
lature to Foster California's
Cattle Interests.
It was decided yesterday morning at a
conference of the regents of the univer-
Bity and representatives of various in
dustries at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art that the proper protection of our
fruit Industry was possible only if put
under the jurisdiction of the United
States Government.
This decision was brought about by
Professor J. Wickson. who suggested that
all efforts looking to the prevention of
the exportation of infected fruits to for
eign countries should bo national in char
acter. He drew his conclusion from the
rigorous inspection of the meat exports
from this country by the Department of
Agriculture, by which ' extraordinarily
good results have been obtained.
The conference is the result of the re
jection of a shipment of fruit by the Ger
man authorities. Professor Wickson read
a letter from the Consul at Frankfort, in
which the latter stated that the Presi
dent's met-sage had to some extent settled
the alarm created by the alleged infected
fruit for the reason that the so-called San
Jose scale is effectively destroyed by each
of the several methods of drying and ar
tilicial evaporation.
Professor Wickson also stated that the
endlin moth on apples rould be got rid of
by :i judicious spraying of paris green
and M per cent of the crop saved from the
insects depredations.
The discussion was brought to an end
When Wickson Bald that the bill intro
duced by Congressman Barlow in Con
gress providing for the regulation of the
Importation of nursery Muck and fruit
that may be utilized in interstate com
merce and for exportation will effectually
cope with the perplexing question. The
Department of Agriculture will be com
municated with after a conference of the
State Board of Horticulture, Board of
Trade, Manufacturers' and Producers
Association and the shippers of Califor
nia products, and will be asked to lend its
earnest co-operation for the passage of
the proposed law.
The committee of regents settled the
consideration of the dairy and cattle in
terests by requesting the Dairymen's As
sociation to have a bill passed by the
Legislature to enlarge the scope, of the
■work of the university nnd a proper ap
propriation for the establishment of a
practical dairy school. which wil be loca
ted at Menlo Park at the end of the year.
Professor Wickson recommended the ap
pointment of a traveling practical dairy
• Xpert to give instruction and needed
help to the dairymen of the State. The
bill will also provide for a qualified vet
erinarian to inspect live stock.
In the afternoon the question of the
preservation of our forests was thorough
ly discussed and ably presented by Kili
ott McAllister of the Sierra Club. He
stated that Cornell University had estab
lished a school of forestry in the Adi
rondacks. and he requested that a sinfllar
branch be maintained in the University
of California for the teaching of a sub
ject which was of momentous import
to this State. Chairman Pbelps said that
the university should not take the initia
tive in the matter, and it was decided
that Mr. McAllister draft a bill providing
for a chair of forestry and its necessary
adjuncts, and that the Miners' Associa
tion, which Is vitally interested in the pro
tection of watersheds along the rivers,
take the matter in hand.
MOUNTED SWORD CONTEST.
Louis Tronchet and Ivan de Malchin
Will Meet to Decide the Cham
pionship.
L,ouis Tronehet, the instructor in fenc
ing at the Olympic Club, Is known to
thousands in this city as one of the most
expert swordsmen in the world. On Fri
day night. January 20, he will meet Ivan
de Malchin. Both men will at once go
into training for the great event which
is to decide the mounted sword champion
ship of the world. Professor Louis Tron
chet will train :it the San Francisco Rid
ing Club and Ivan de Malchin in the ring
Of the Golden Gate Riding School. Both
are magnificent swordsmen and depend
on skill and dexterity rather than on
force and chance strokes to score points.
Ivan de Malchin is the winner of no fewer
than twenty-six hard fought battles, and
the contest is sure to bring out a splen
did display of fencing skill and adroit
ness.
Lawlor Recommissioned.
Governor Budd has Issued a second
commission to William P. Lawlor, Judge
of Department 11 of the Superior Court.
Governor Budd's original commission ar
rived at a time when the legal situation
regarding the office now occupied by
Judge Lawlor was in an extremely tangled
condition. This tangle was caused by the
death of the late Rhodes Bordon and a
desire on the part of Judge Wallace to
claim the office, he having been fifth on
the list of candidates for Judge of the Su
perior Court. As the question regarding
the legality of the contention that Judge
Lawlor could not hold over under the
original commission was a knotty one
Governor Budd decided to be on the safe
side and in consequence a second commis
sion was issued.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 4.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Heel*,
from Stettin, Copenhagen and Christiana.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
821 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M. •
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -/V.
EVENINIi at 7:30 o'clock. }Lj(.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary. /▼>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. P. and A. M., •
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING _JV-
at 7:30 o'clock. First Degree. j£/Jl
_ GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /V>
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _ Mk.
EVENING. January 5. at 7:3u o'clock ; TCYF
stated meeting. By order of the Master. /V>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
" O. F. Installation of officers SX&2SXZ.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING.
All members are requested to at-
tend. Visiting brothers cordially Invited.
H. F. NEUNABER, Noble Grand.
''HAS. WILSON, Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F. •*&*«««*>,
There will be a double installa- •==*s7SEs£.
'I •• of officers on !||l RSDAY : K?<®^
EVENING, January 5, 1899, Gol- '*57/ll'sSF*"
den West Lodge No. 322. 1. O. O. F. uniting.
All members please attend. Visiting brothers
cordially Invited.
JOHN STEVENSON. N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH. Asst. Rec. Sec.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. Tv..i, 1 ,, _~~
207. I. O. O. F.— Members of lodge jgggCc*fc£.
ami order please attend th» meet-
Ing THURSDAY EVENING. Jan- "^w/IS^
wary 5, and assist at the installation of of-
ficers, p. CAMES. N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Secretary.
MASTER MARINERS' RENEVO _
LENT ASSOCIATION will meet on '. «i ">»
THURSDAY, January 5, at 7 p. m.. >VjV^
Instead of 7:30 p. m.. for urgent '—- —
reasons. By order of the president.
_ L. TRAUNG, Rec. See.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal.. will be held at Its bank-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery Ft., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10, 1599,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 9, IS9B. »
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco La-
dies' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home THURSDAY. January 12,
1899, at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN. Rec. Sec.
SPRING Valley Water Works. San Francisco.
December 28. IS9B.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton Ft.. San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January, 1899, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of 'he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at th? office of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1899, at It o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for th«
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come befor»
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 1
Ban Francisco. Cal., Dec. 24, 1898.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy It. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.. near Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, IS??, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31, 1898, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay- |
able on and after the 16th inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 1
16th inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
Janury 4. 1599.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building. For the half
year ending December 31, ISSS, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and after January 3, 1599.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Mont>»>mery St., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half >ear ending December 31, 1868, at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free •of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3, 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from ana after January 1,
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th" German Savings
and Loan Society. 526 California St.— For the
half year ending December 31, IS9B, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday. January 3, 1899.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary st. — The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1599.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria' Kip
Orphanage, at 620 L"'-~ St., San Francisco,
Cal.. has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31, 1S98: Jessie Willis, 11 years;
Llllia Willis, 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon, 5 years 10 months; Saidy Brooks,
9 years 1 month; Eva Brooks, 6 years; Ruth
Shayer, 5 years 8 months: Sylvia
Shayer. 2 years 5 months; Ethel Hergarton,
7 years 10 months: Sarah E. Jellin, 12 years;
Elsie M. Jellin, 6 years 9 months; lona L.
Jellin, 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years;
Louisa Zanettln. 13 years; Adellna Zanettin,
8 years: Theresa Zanettin, 5 years 6 months;
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years; Olive Openshaw, 7
years; Olive F. Berlin, 10 years; Adele G.
King. 7 years; Anna Swan. 9 years 9 months;
Charlotte Glllesple. 9 years 8 months: Jennie
Glllespie, 7 years 10 months; Julia Gillespfe,
3 years 11 months: Amy L. Swan. 6 years 6
months: Maria Gill, 11 years; Grace GUI, 13
years; Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
LADIES, we have a number of first-claM
servants for all kinds of work; special pains
to suit your requirements if you will favor
us with your orders. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
LADIES desiring" first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
boarding house; pastry and meat cooking:
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG ?irl wishes place to assist; $8 to $10.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN girl, good cook, also a German girl
as waitress, first-class references. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutler st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Conttnned.
MIDDLE age Swiss woman, experienced and
reliable cook, German speaking, wishes posi-
tion in good family, German preferred, a»
cook or housekeeper: is good Swiss bread and
butter maker. Address 929 Pine st.
SENSIBLE and respectable woman wants ett-
uation as working housekeeper; experienced
and reliable; best of reference. Call or ad-
dress 5 Sumner st., off Howard, between
Seventh and Eighth.
STRONG American woman wants to go out by
the day to do general housework; good and
willing worker; $1 a day and car fare. 276
Jessie st.. near Fourth, first floor, room 1.
RESPECTABLE 3'oung woman with a child
would like position as working housekeeper
for elderly couple; home more an object than
wages; no triflers. Box 1252. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a girl of 15 to assist
at light housework or care of children in a
small American family; a good home pre-
ferred. 521 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by Protestant girl for
pantry work or assist In an institution, or
would' take care of a child. Address box 1272,
Call offlc<\
REFINED woman wishes position; general
housework; plain cooking; neat worker: fond
of children; small wages. Box 1276, Call.
WANTED— Situation by middle aged woman
as working housekeeper; references; 4 years.
206 Fifth st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position doing
housework; good cook and laundress; city or
country. 276 Minna, near 4th.
YOUNG German girl wants a place for gen-
eral housework and cooking- Inquire at
French bakery. 14th and Howard sts.
ELDERLY lady wants housework; city or
country; wages from $S to $10 per month. Call
270 Jessie st.
COLORED woman, good cook, wishes place in
small family for cooking and housework.
Call at ICI9 Polk st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position; care
of children or light housework; wages $10 to
$12. 1559 Church st.
WANTED— Situation by a woman; is good
cook; or housework in small family. Address
618 Fillmore St.
FIRST-CLASS cook, understands all branches
of cooking, wants situation; city references.
1022 Larkin st.^
YOUNG girl wishes situation tending children;
be3t references given. Box 1269, Call.
LADY will do light housework part day for
good home. Box 1270, Call.
DANISH girl wishes to secure work by the
day. 1331 Fulton st.
LADY wishes position as pianist for concert
or as soloist. Address O. S.. box 1283. Call.
COMPETENT seamstress wants engagements
by the day. Address Work, box 1273. Call.
Wo.MAN wishes work by the day; any kind of
work. 1406 Octavla st.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba: -assed at
UNCLE HARRIS". 13 Grant ave.. nr. Market.
YOUNG German girl, about 15, desires a sit-
uation for light housework; no objections to
mind a baby; wages reasonable. Apply 33
lion* ave.. bet Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
AN experienced German nurse In confinement
and other sickness; best reference; terms rea-
sonable. Address NURSE, 115 Eighth St.
WANTED— By a good cook and laundress,
Swedish, work by the day, week or month;
city reference. 425% Grove St.
A YOUNG English woman wishes a situation
as waitress in a first-class country hotel. Box
1252. Call office. ______
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes any kind rvf
work by the day or hour. Call at 326 Minna.
XSOOD laundress wishes place In private fam-
ily. Call C39 Sutter St. No cards.
SWEDISH glr\ wishes position In small fam-
ily. 217A Francisco st.
NEAT young Scandinavian girl wishes general
housework; wages $17. Address 119A Langton.
WOMAN would like a placp, city or country;
good cook; good references. 322 Minna st.
LADY would like few regular customers for
halntresslng, bleaching, dyeing and sham-
pooing; also beautifying face and hands.
Send order by postal. Hairdresser, 1206 Mar-
ket st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
THOROUGHLY competent Protestant woman
would like situation as nurse, seamstress or
working housekeeper. Inquire at 119 Sixth st.
SITUATIONS WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 'phone Grant 185, fur-
nish the best help of all kinds at shortest
notice. 104 Geary st.
I' ■!. first-class help of any kind send orders to
J. P. i ROSETT & CO., C25 Sacramento st. ;
telephone Main Sl4.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 436.
AN American boy would like a chance in pri-
vate family to work for his board, with pri-
vilege of attending Lowell High School; Is
Used to housework or care of small stable.
• 'all or address 10S Hoffman ave.
STEADY, reliable man wants position in pri-
vate family; can milk, care for horses and
make himself generally useful. B. A., box
127:.. Call office.
STRONG !"■• 15 years of age. wishes to do any
kind of work: city or country. Call or ad-
dress >24 Montgomery Bt., room 14.
STEADY young man. speaking 4 languages,
wishes position In the city; wages moderate.
Address or call at 220A Shipley st.
YOUNG man seeks a position as bookkeeper;
has had 4 years' experience in a New York
house; age 21. Address box 1500. Call.
JAPENESE youne boy wants situation at
housework or school boy to do anything.
Address K. 8., 415 Larkin st.
SITUATION wanted by man as nurse to invalid
gentleman; honest, sober. Address 837 Brush
St., near Seventh, Oakland.
RELIABLE young Japanese wants situation
as school boy In private family. Address box
1267. Call office.
YOUNG barber wants steady situation: city or
tountry. Box 1268. Call.
COMPETENT butler wishes a position In pri-
vate family. Box 1271, Call.
WANTED- Position by a first-class machinist
or engineer in mine or factory. Box 673. Call.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.. near Market st.
SITUATION wanted— Man and wife in private
family or ranch to make himself gen-
erally useful, the wife to cook and do gen-
eral housework. Address W. H. H., box 1261,
Call office.
COLORED man and wife want work as cook
and coachman or nurse and coachman;
good horseman; city or country. T. Mc-
KUTCHERSON. 2256 Pacific ave..' Alameda.
WANTED— Situation by a German In grocery
or wine business; can tend bar; keep books:
has had much experience. Address box 1470 I
Call office.
SITUATION— First-class cutter, long experi-
eni"-" and good reference, commanding goo I
trade; wases moderate. Address Box 147:. i
Call office.
RESPECTABLE young married man wishes a '■
situation as janitor, day or night watchn an;
good references. Address F. E. H., 1835
O'Farrell st. j
YOUNG man wants work round private place;
can milk and be generally useful. 1264 Four-
teenth Bt., .are MRS. MILLER.
STRONG boy wants position to djiv< wagon
or work in a wholesale house; age "17. 1305
Mission st. ;
BUTCHER— Young man wishes Bteady work.
City or country. Address Box 1471. '-'all office.
YOUNG man wishes situation In r : '' va te fam- :
lly: can do gardening or care fo^ horses and
cows: speaks French and English. 3121 Six-
teenth st.
YOUNG man wishes position as bellboy nr to
drive delivery wagon; best city references.
Box 584, Call office. ;
WANTED— By married man of 40 years, a po-
sition of trust, where honesty is wanted: can
deposit $200 or $300 as security. Address box
553. Call office.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WAITRESS for Hanford, fJO. MISS CULLEN, j
325 Sutter st. '
GERMAN or French second girl; must be good
seamstress; wages $25 MISS CULLEN 325 '■
Sutter St.
CHAMBERWORK and sewing, $IS. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
6 HOUSEWORK gir:.-=. $25 each: city and
country. MISS CUI.LEN, 325 Sutter St. j
WAITRESS for restaurant; $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls; $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL; sleep home; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework for Modesto; $20
MISS CULLEN', 325 Sutter St.
2 COOKS, $35 and $30; 6 second girls, $25, $20
and $15; 3 waitresses, $20 each; 2 chamber-
maids, J2O and $15; 12 housework girls, $25,
$20 and $15: several young girls to assist In
light housework, $15 and $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 SuUer st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED for city, French second girl, $20j
I'rotestant cook, washer and ironer, $25;
German or Swiss cook for dairy, $25; Ger-
man or Scandinavian girl, housework, 3 In
family, $25; 5 neat Irish girls, cook., assist
wash," Jewish family, $25; Protestant cook.
wash and iron, 2 in family, {25; neat Irish
girl, 4 In family, cook, wash and iron. $25;
cook, wash and iron, no window cleaning,
5 in family, $25; cook, wash and iron, 3 in
family, German style. $25; 40 girls, general
housework, small families. $20 and $25; 50
young girls, general housework. $15: and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 31«
Sutter st.
WANTED for city, 2 restaurant waitresses, $S
and $6 a week"; waitress, private boarding
house, $20 a month; tailoress, steady work,
$6 per week; German or Swiss second Kirl,
$20; German or Swedish seamstress and wait-
ress, $25; second girl, assist wash. $2"; first-
class second girl, ref. required. $25; Protest"
ant second girl. $20. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— GirIs for housework, San Jose, $25-
San Rafael, 2 in family, {2:,; Healdsburg, no
wash. $:>0: Calaveras Co., $15; Redwood City,
3 in family, $15: cook, small country board-
Ing house, $25; second girl, Vallejo, $15; Soi-
Bun, $20; cook and second girl, sam» house
Shasta Co.. $20 and $15; second girl, short
distance, $25. J. P. CROSETT _ CO.. 31*
Sutter st.
WANTED— Waitress, cc.untry hotel, $22 50:
waitress, miners' hotel, $20; waitress and
cashier, short distance in country, for coffe*
house, $20; waitress, country hotel, $1*; wait-
ress, country hotel. $20 and room. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. $16 Sutter st
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 'Phone Granl
Waitress, hotel, Sacramento, $25; MarysvUle,
$22; Bakersfleld, $20; middle-aged chamber-
maid, Petaluma, $15: waitress. Kern. $22 50;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20. city; chamber-
maid to wait. San Rafael. $15; waitress, Red-
Wood, $1S; and 4 waitresses for restaurants. $8
_ a week C. R. HANSEN & CO. MM Q
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 'Ph., ne Grai
Nurse, care of child 2 years, nice home, $ln.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 'Phone Grant 1-'..
A number of cirls. city and country. $15 to
$»■ C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st
4 COOKS, German style. $25 each; 2
girls, $20 each; 2 second girls. $l r . each; cham-
bermaid. $15; nurse. $12: German house girl.
family of 2, $25; young girl to assist, $10;
middle-aged woman, country, $2u. MRS.
NORTON, Sl3 Sutter
WOMAN with a child for ranch, tv,: ranch
cook. $15; girls for housework. MURRAY _
_READY, 634 and 63fi Clay st.
WOMAN for week's work. $1 per day: cham-
bermaid, $20: waitress. $30. 631 Larkin st.
GIRL for chamberwork. sleep home. $6 jwr
_week: nursegirl. $20. 631 Larkin st
WANTED— Woman to help general housework
and with children: wages not exceeding $15;
German or Scandinavian preferred. 744 Ellis.
WANTED— A youne woman for general house-
work in small family; wages $15. Call 817
Page st.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts: also on«
on buttonholes, at GREENEBAUM. WEIL <$
MICHELS, 537 Mission st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
wrappers and waists: Bteady work: electric
power. MARKS BROS. 1212 Market
WANTED A young girl to assist in lighr
housework: can sleep home if wish; $S per
month. Call at 2752H Bush st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking: no washing: references. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 at 2615 Union st.
WANTED -Young German girl for general
housework; wages $12. 1!<24 Howard st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
at once at 851 Hayes; small family.
AMERICAN girl for general housework. 2i"'*t
Lily ave.
GIRL for general housework: plain cooking; 2
in family. 1103 Golden Gate ave.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; $15.
409 Clayton st.
WANTED — A girl to work in dining room.
New Mechanics' Hotel, 446 Brannan st.
GIRL for light housework. 1411 Devisadero st. ;
MRS. B. SCHLAXKER.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5H Kearny st .
room 18, top floor.
WOMAN for light work; good pay to right
party; call after Ip. m. 737 1 - Howard.. r. 25.
YOUNG girl for housework and assist In cook-
ing. Address 2822 Pine st.
WANTED— A girl for children and light house-
work: no small children. 637 Broadway.
EXPERIENCED tucker, finishers on children's
and infants' wear; steady work. 547 Market.
WAITRESS wanted. 619 Sacramento st.
YOUNG or mlddle-ased woman for general
housework : wages $15. 744 Hayes st.
GIRL for light housework; 2 in family; wages
$10. 1111 Scott st.. near Turk.
WANTED— Catholic woman for housework and
cooking; small family. Address 3<!7 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. In-
quire 1013 Golden Gate ave.
NEAT girl fnt general housework. 1218A Ful-
ton st.. near Scott.
YOUNG elrl. assist housework; good home;
small wages. 914A Larkin si
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLES
HARRIS', 15 Grant ave., near Market st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MIBS
WELLS' Emp. Of., 1243'^ Park st., Alameda.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont St.
WANTED— A young woman for music hall; a
good position for the right party. Address
box 1262. Call.
WANTED— Perfect 36 cloak model. Address
box 1257, Call.
A COMPETENT girl for general housework
and cooking at 2616 California st.
GOOD finishers and apprentices on custom
coats. 206 Minna st.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 935 Market St.,
room 16.
WANTED— GirI for light work In store. $3 a
week. Apply 627 Union st.. bet. 10 and 11.
LADIES and girls to learn embroidery and
take home piece work. 7u6 Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED working housekeeper for
small country hotel. Particulars at 621 Tay-
lor ave., Alameda: Webster street station.
2 WEEKS' sewing free, beginning this week.
Kelster Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
NEAT young girl to care for children. Apply
SIS Hayes
YOUNG girl to assist; sleep home. 3530 Twenty-
third st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 10J Post.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main EMI
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
Woodehoppers Farm hands
Tiemakers Granite block cutters
Metal spinner Man to dig a well
Cooks Waiters Dishwashers
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MARRIED Man and wife, private family.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636. Claj
MAN to repair typewriters. MURRAY _
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., phone Grant 185— First-
class confectioner, $75 and board.
Barkeeper, good mixer, $40 and found; stew-
ard and head waiter, small country restau-
rant. $35; bread baker, see party here, $50 and
found; kitchen hands. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
STATIONARY engineer, $2 75 a day; 3 far-
mers, same ranch. $15; harness-maker, ranch,
$1 a day and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 miners. $40; man and wife for
country place, $32 50 month; young man to-
learn fruit raising; restaurant baker an4
pastry cook. S3<> to $35; cook for bnardinf-
house, $25. and others. Apply to J. F. CR&
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento et.
WANTED— Young man to wait for mess of ofJW
cers in a big mining company, $25; waiter,
$35, waiter. $25; 2 competent butlers. ?4iv
cook, $30; bedmaker. $15: dishwasher, $20' and
others. ANDRES, 316 Stockton st.
BOY wanted, about 15. with reference; wages
$2 50 week. Address E. H. BAXTER, 31 Sec- '
ond st.
STRONG boy to assist In bakery one with
some experience preferred. 2206 Bush St., near
Flllmore.
MERCHANT tailor salesmen; only experienced
men with references. Address Tailors, box
_J278, Call office.
LADIES or gents to represent us: salary and
13fi Sixth st.. room 2.
OPERATOR wax-thread harness machine.
MAIN & WINCHESTER, 214 Battery st.
MAN to take orders for printing at 420 Mont-
gomery st., room 33.
BOYjTor drug store. 1044 Valencia St.. cor. Hill.
FIRST-CLASS wood finisher. Call at 151J
Polk st.
\\ A NTED— Carpet layer at 1211 Stockton st.
RELIABLE man to drive milk wagon; refer-
_ence£. Box 1277, Call office.
BOY. shoemaker's helper, wanted. 41 Fourth
I street.'. •* HELP W^ NTED— Continued.
': 'AvtxNTED— Man: _ood home. 30 Hannah st.,
••.'.:.: Oakland, Berkeley train.
: \. KLDKULY. man. must be handy, for lodging
' ' house; wages $10 month. 5."3 Howard st.
■ ANTED— bootblack; $7 per week. '632
Montgomery
... — — _ 1
TO R" 'his week-^."00 pnirs men's shoes, some
ner.rly new from 50c to $1: new shoes, slight-
:lv damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. KJrv-t nnd Second s fts. Open ; Sunday.
TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
• goods in warehouse and In bond, pr on valu-
ables of ail kinds at If Grant ave., nyar Mar-
ket st. UNCLE HARRIS.
■ .IVA NTED- Laborers and rhechanies to know
■ that Ed Rolkln; iiono House proprietor, still
'" '•' runs Denver Hoi:.«c. :i7 Third et.; ISO large
..-.' -.J-tVms, 25c per r.igHt; Jl to V. per week.
/: WANTED— At Montana House, 76Hi Mission
"••'•Ft tnon to take rooms: ]oc. 15c and 25c per
■ ';'• '•• ••■•hjßht; 600, 900 and $1 per week.
jIV B -_3Ot?JG men,". seamen; carpenters, blacksmiths.
'■'.' ;-{cf ships. HERMAN'S. 26 teuart st
: V.-f-SfOUNO man. with 4 or 5 months' experience
. ; : ." Vin -tarter busint-ss. Apply Cnll office. .
;..* -iiov to ic_rn the bakery trade; one speaking
..;.' •(I'Mmai; preferred. < "nil "26 Broadway.
. -HKi/RUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
■ ..--rine 'Corps,* United States navy; able-bodied,
jiTimarrieil men between the ages ..•{ 21 and 30
•':. years, who are citizens' of the United States,
••. ,c,r. those who have lecsiiy declared their in-
'"• .'tentlon to become such: must be of good char-
.acter ami !iablt« and able to sp»ak. read and
'. • . write Encljsh. and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 ieet in height. For further Information
.""•'apply at' the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st. ■
.. -Sar. Francisco. Cal.
??_:N wanted everywhere to distribute samples
•• . '. ami advertise California Orange Syrup; $'J
. '■ per day and expenses; cash every week; par-
'• • tlculars for 2-cent ftamp. CALIFORNIA
l\ r « ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
'•• WA .TED — Carriage a.nd sign puinter. For par-
" .... tlculars cn!l nt - 13 " P Wight way, ' Berkeley.
.:. FINISHER at 22 Clay st. M YSELL- ROLLINS
: . CO., bookbinders.
BARBERS' Progre*€ive -Union; free eniploy-
;'••• "m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7:h: tel. Jessie 1144.
■ MEN tiv learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
"... 'Market st. ■
• MEN and women to l?arn barber trade at San
... • Francisco Barber College. I3S'_ Eighth st.
'~: ."BARBERS' Association Free Employment
j '.", O.'fice. S. FUCHS, Sect 325 Grant ave."
■• .THY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
renovated; 2CO rms.; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
".'. to S2 50 per wk. Elcho House, S63'- : Market st.
. , WANTED— To collect wages iV.ie laborers and
r!<-rks, Knox Collection Apency. 112 Putter st.
■ SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, fC-4 Davis st, near Jark«:n.
• PTNi'.T.n furnished, flne. laree, sunny nni airy
..rf,-m. 25c night. Rosedal<> House. "21 Ellis st.
• TRY Acme House, P57 Market f .. below Sixth.
•' j t a. room: 25c a night: $1 a w«ek.
' WINCHESTER House. 41 third st.. near Mar-
'. Ket: 2 r> o rooms. 25c nipht: rpndine-room: free
't-i!« an'l baeracp to and from the ferry.
..'■■
AGENTS WANTED.
•■' FTRST-CLASS si.le line for canvassing -a^nts. ]
. ■■■•■. GREATER WEST ADV. _: NOV. CO.. Dept.
,' . A -Z. f'aklan.l Cal.
j 'Rf!. TABLE neents. who want n good seller, j
;'.. :vm rvss A. H. WILSON, fnn .T"sg, r a ].
PARTNERS WANTED.
.';:'■; -PARTNER wante.l to take orders for dif-
" •" "irt-eht pood Sflling articles; German preferred.
i "' ''-V^rrss N"<: Call offW.
ROOMS WANTED.
■ '.'-..1/AIiY would exchange lessons-English, elo-
■".'.■ rtjtjon — for' sunny, unfurnished room. T..
"WANTED— MIS* EIXA.»KOUB.
■•' .'.W-AWT.ED— Typewriter; Smith Premier pre-
'•;■ .^-rre'il. Hoy .",»;. '''all office.
DENTISTS.
;■:■ VAN VKOOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
■ ■",'■. J<v-ve«t prices. Full set of teeth s5 up: fillings.
IV s .;'2se up. All work absolutely painless: written
', .." '.guarantee; .painless extraction by . electricity
:.! . our specialty: ten skilled operators, no stu-
;.'' "dents:- the largest Hnd handsomest dental par-
;. .'• tors west of Chicago: open evening ami all
,':■ lay Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
'.' ' \ METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set at teeth. }5; crowns, $3; fill-
'.: ■'■ings, Me"; teeth without plates a specialty;
..•"written guarantee for ten years given on all
'-.••'■'work;" no students, 1 employed; extracting free
.' „.- when plates are ordered; consultation free.
■.••'■Modern Denta! Parlors, corner Market and
• "■■' Masoji sts. Entrance S Mason Ft.
r. '. A ' FULL. *et "f tffrh. $5;- «ee new. flexible j
p.lMes; Kfrht and thin; guaranteed 10 years: ;
..' 'tc^h without plate?, crown and bridge work !
our specialty: rilling*. 5Cc; crowns, $2 50: all j
'• ". : work painless un'i warranted. Chicago Den- ;
'jaV Parlors. 24 Sixth st; telephone Jessie 1132. j
: "DR.' GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
jut secret method: crowns $2, bridges $}; rub-
-ber -or fiexiWe plates J3; received 8 first
." . •. pfln»s; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
" PULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 2.V-; 22k. gold
'....''cnowns, $3; gold bridge, $5: piutt-s repnired;
..• •■ .rainless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
,-• '• ' -^'ii?~s g€3 Mission st
: DR. LUDLUM 1 HILL?_ 1443 1 Market st. near
. E'.erenth:. crowns, bridge work ami fillings a
.:.; "Specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
:' '. 'ST;T. °nf teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
v . ■ YOUNG, I*4l Polk st.
1.. P"A,RIS-'Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth '
;• . 54; filHr.g.' g ■-■': ;-.n? : Mlver, 25c; crowns. $3.
• LOST.
■."•■ Lb.ST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
• • and L"an Society of San Francisco In the
:.'• ftatfie' of Michael J. Doyle. No. 122.444; the
-.. " finder will please return to bank.
■_-,'.LO_T— New YoPar's eve, a small alligator
-■' saCchel v brass trimming: name engraved, Re-
>•■..- t.urn" to- Occidental Hotel; finder will be re-
;. • ■
{ ''.LOST'— Gold society medal: name 11. BENARD
;"•. '••on'.h«af-k.- Return to 104 Seventh st. ; reward.
I- tOST— By'employlng true gentlemen at UNCLE
-. s-;.ttA"RJrWS'; 15 'Grant av»., near Market St.. the
', • ''"surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
:. ■. wtll* receive the kindest treatment; private
I " ;' entrance ■d private rooms. ,".. , ,
■• .LOST— A white and liver colored pointer bitch;
"•:'. .'. tn'x-2197. Relurn to .'32 Harrison at; reward.
, 'LORTilJiamond out of ring, between Lombard
,• .and Parlflc sts. Liberal reward at 53 Clay st.
I nu mi.
: TICKETS for Rnsenthal concerts. Call at the
HRi-iyal. -• Third st.
1 i_ _ '_ i_
CIRPET CLEANING.
CIT.Y Stp-im Carpet-cleaning ' rki>--cieans?
• ' moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
. 3S i ..anii" 40 Eighth st. : telephone; 50u .250. j
.. WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
"■send to • SPAULDING'S Plonker Carpet-
"■• -'beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel S. 40. j
'.. CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. |
• " _!_________!_!__ 2 Klßhth !it - : tPI - J ess ie 944.
/ i. E. MITCHELL, Carprt-oleaninjr Co., 210 14th
■'" ' '.*i'-< cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CdNKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
HORSES.
. 40 lIORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
'■'; carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 3" Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
• ■' day. SITLLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
r\ WAGON'S I AM) CARRIAGES.
• NEW Studehaker phaeton, worth $250, will sell
nt.
j 3,OO 'HKT -second-hand harness; wagons, carrs, |
..bupcie.g. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ATTORN EYS AT LAW.
ADVICE .free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no tfp without success: collections. G. W.
jHOWIC, arty-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ft ADVICE'-free: no charne unless successful. W.
. K- DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
j 1.1. ,-ate law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
'■ 'ft* a'K-lce^oppnevgs. Atty M.-Cabe. 103 Larkin.
. L.-S: CLARK- Kmma Spretkels bi.lg.. 527 Mar-
■ -.feet: consultation frr-p; no fees in advance.
0 . PROPOSALS.
. PROPOSALS for sub«!st^nr^ storeT^iffl^
•V- Purchasing Commissary. San Francis^ ,
■ - January 3. 189}.— Sealed proposals for furnish-
. Ing- and delivering of «uch quantities of Mi -
: ' slftence stores as per circular to be se«ii at
; .this office, will be received here until 1
... -.otHxk a. m., Saturday. January u. ism an ,i
•• f.prned Immediately thereafter in presence of I
' h \«'}V*; Specifications general instructions
t(5 iii'ldiTS am! blank form of proposals win
, ; -.be ftifni«hed to established dealersioii _n_iu
:. " cation: to W. H. BALDWIN, Colonel. i' Ur -
, . '-cHaflng Commissary, I', S. V.
TYPEWRITERS. ~
.•" Aii typewriters sola and rented. few"^partTv
."-" -used' for sale cheap; send for samples and '
2 prices. ALEXANDER & CO.* 110 Montgomery. I
' '"-A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph. Ili; Yost $2V
.. • get; samyle work. SCOTT. 33.1 Montgomery st]
}"" SEWING MACHINES.!
K MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, gold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45!
ALt/ kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
.repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
»•<. SINKS* CHANCES.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
postoffioe* in : lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150. $2000; stock
• of mdse about. s3ooo; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG,
'■ ■' Market st.
A— 1760; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms: rent %St; choicest location in Mission:
nr. 16th st.; fine bargain; owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE & UNFUO, 90« Market st.
$300— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a splendid paying business: rent $20. .
Inquire WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— ssoo; ..■'ON. established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $St>; close to Call building; aver- I
age daily, receipts 520; owner bought hotel in:
Sacramento; bargain, WILKE & UNFUG,
_iO6 Market St.
1 A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market Bt.
A— sl6oo; GROCERY and -: fine location;
large trade: stock will Invoice price asked;
call and get special explanation why this is 1
a first-class . paving business; you will buy. I
S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st. j
A— s4so; CANDY factory, with finely fitted up I
. retail" store; good trade; low rent; Investigate ,
this. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
{ A— s3oo; RESTAURANT and bar on water front;
right man 0411 coin money In the place; do
not fail to investigate this. S. H. GOULD &
CO., 632 Market st.
A— s3so; delicacy and dairy produce In large
market; good horse md wagon. KREDO & CO.
j A— $0000; BAZAAR: will invoice price asked;
best town on coast; ears $300. KREDO & CO. 1
A-54500; DRUG store; value In stock; $40 daily; :
best In city. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary St.
i A— $"50; grocery and bar; fine living nils.; good j
cor. for business. KREDO & CO., 22Vi Geary.
i NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind Bee MENZEL A CO., 7 Grant ave.
$250-?_>ELICATESSEN store; good location; j
pays well: living room connected: good rea- i
ton for selling. U ENZEL & CO., 7 Grant ave.
$HfO— PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business: Will clear $50 to »7" month
each. See MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant ave.
STENBERG & CO., 26'i Kearny st
pays highest cash prices for merchandise.
We sell and exchange
real estate and business places.
$ 350— Coal oil route, i tearing $100.
$ s'ift— Cor. restaurant, city front.
$1000— Partner in livery stable.
$ 500— Saloon on principal street.
$ 400 — Partner In paying restaurant. j
PTKNBERG & CO., 2>>u Kearny st.
$430 — CORNER grocery and bar, on principal
thoroughfare: bargain, this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st
5C2;"i — Grocery and bar: 4 rms.: cheap rent: bar-
Faln. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
SALOON board and lodging house on
city front: bargain on --count of sickness.
_Mi'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market street.
$1500— PARTNER wanted In wholesale and re-
tail butcher business in country. 6?2 Market, i
room I
51(00— FURNISHED country hotel of 33 rooms:
fine grounds, etc.: rent ISO. 632 Market, room S.
S:SO— SALOON; well fitted up; 2 pool tables;
living rooms. t"32 Market, room S.
LADY or gent wanted in theatrical enterprise
either on salary or Interest: the latest great
money making hit; must furnish some cash:
company now organizing: apply bet. 12 nnd
2_ p. m. WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., •
it
$125— GROCERY and bar: Central South Mar-
ket; 4 living rooms; rent $18; owner t . r ,. 15 ;
years; must sell; a snap. M. LESS, 765
Market St.
WANT Sober, steady man with small rapt- I
tal to take hall Interest in paying business; ,
established 20 years. Apply 765 Market, rm. I.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; one if the
best bargains in the city; great sacrifice;
must he sold. JONES, £65 Market st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL a CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
AN old-established printing and publishing
business is offered for sale at a very reason- I
able price for cash; A No. 1 office, with all |
modern improvements; particulars to those |
meaning business. Address bvx 132, Stock-
ton, Cal..
: MEAT market; departure: less than cost of
: fixtures; refrigerator, etc. Box 3, Call. Oaklnd.
: CIGAR store and laundry office: bargain; good |
stock; rent cheap. 117 Ellis st. i
PARTNER wanted in good saloon doing big
I business; owner must go to Germany; full In-
vestigation allowed; rare chance to right
I man; will trade for city real estate and pay
! difference. Address Box 12C0, Call office.
1 LOOK— Stationery store for sale; $400 cash: I
must be » ! I this week; other business; Ad- i
dress box 1266, Call office.
$100 — NEAT office business for sale, owner
leaving city. Box 1264, '.'all office. '
BARB notice— Good paying 5-cent shop for j
sale. 602 Clay st.
WELL stocked candy Etore: must sell at once.
I*7 Seventh st. Will sell cheap.
FOR Sale— Model Restaurant, 1212>_ Polk st. :
on account of sickness. Apply immediately.
SALOON, with 8 rooms: sell cheap on account
of sickness. Call at 677V» Mission st.
SHOE shop, doing good business: cheap rent;
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
WANTED— Business in city or country for
$1000". Box 471, Call office, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted; good paying saloon: must:
be sold at once: sickness. Inquire 702 Mission.
RESTAURANT for sale; a bargain; 2 living
rooms; rent reasonable. yis'-j Eighth st..
CIGAR store: cheap; 2 rooms; must sell at
once. 1723 Mission st.
; A — MACHINE shop foundry must be sold im- j
mediately; death proprietor. Address 340 Oak. |
i GOOD paying saloon for sale; open all night.
Inquire liquor store. 791 and 785 Mission st
LODGING HOISTS FOR SALE.
NEW FURNITURE 7 ROOMS
.■..'..: Worth $500
35 rooms. $C5O, cash price $1300
56 rooms, clears $300, price 1400
26-room house; rent $50 750
6-room fiat; rent $22 250 j
14 rooms: on Setter st 450 j
S2 rooms: reduced from $5000 to 2500 ]
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 160
21 rooms; corner: clears $150 550
46-room house: corner 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
LADIES. If you Deed money call on UNCLE
HARRIS, IE Grant ave., near Market st.
A-KREDO A CO ::••■.. Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms. Taylor; rent only $35 $323
10 rooms, Powell, now and nice 600
10 room?. Eddy: best little transient 500
12 rooms, elegantly furnished: boarding 860
12 rooms, Ellis St.; clears $50 500.
13 rooms, oil new; Howard st 600
14 room?, all bay windows.: corner 800
2i> rooms. Mission: housekeeping 800
22 roooms. best corner in city 1800
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— slo"0 — 70-ROOM corner lodging house; posi-
tively clears $100. At SPECK & CO. 'B, 602
Marl ■ St.
GOOD transient lodging house. 35 rooms: price
$800: within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 1273,
Call offlc. ■
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
WELL-PAYING liquor store: good location;
must be sold. Inquire LEMLE. LEVY CO..
265 Third ft.
FRUIT store, with a horse and wagon, at your
price. Call 614 Post st.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc.. Cal. Bell «"0.. tel. Br. SSI, 519 Mission.
HORSE and cart: good rendition: will sell
cheap. 60S Hermann st,, near Flllmore.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-318-020 Mission.
BRICKLAYERP— JO.OCO old bricks cheap at 11
Stockton st. Carpenter.
GOOD fresh milking cow for sale. 1625 San
Bruno road.
FOR SALE — Manila monkey; female; gentle.
Address Monkey, .box 1268, Call.
WINDMILL In first-class order; large tank,
brass pump, etc. 711 Treat ave.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 6 weeks
old; full pedigree given. 216'4 Sixth st.; cheap. '
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etn.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission,
AM. Iron Wks.. Elf. Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, ..\Ki; 24-ln. planer & matcher, j
BARS, back bars-, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st. :
ebove Sixth. . -;. ■'
TOOLS ft machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 64S Mission. ;
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
■lies; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CiN'K and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. 628 Golden Gate ave.
PHYSICIANS. ''
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office :
and residence. 1021!* Market, bet. 6tn and 7th,
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JAXUAHY 5, 1899.
1 PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS. "
Are selling hams at 7c ' a pound; best to-
matoes, 90c doz:: sugar corn, $1 doz.; butter,
80c roll; flour, Be sk. ; cornmeal, 20c sk. ; oat- I
meal, 35c; coal oil, *0c can; 25 lbs prunes, .
pears, peaches or raisins, $1; 10 lbs beans. 25c. ■
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth st., above Folsom.
STAMPS for collections bought, sold; albums.
W. BELLSCHOPP & CO.. us Stockton st.
i JOSEPH GREVEX, vocal instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con- I
sultation of 20 minutes, $2 50; terms per I
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones ets. ; reception hours, .
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3.
I, MARTIN IPSEN, will not be responsible tor
any debts contracted by my wife, Nellie
I; sen, she having left my bed.
Tin; MODERN, 34 4th, nr. Mkt.— Baths. 124c;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA gives a healthy
1 growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 35c bot- |
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.; try It. ]
I LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, price 25c. j
does the hair up in only the most approved i
styles; switches, $1 up; LEDERER'S FOAMO,
fine shampoo. 5c package. 123 Stockton st. -
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen in full
.working order for a few dnys at 523 Mission
ft.; patent rights for the United States, Brit- ,
ish North America and .Germany: this is a I
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to invest in a company that will harness i
the waves for work, the power of the future, j
NATURAL healing method; employed with
great success to cure rheumatism, influenza, |
I all catarrhs and any kind of chronic disease;
treatment if desired at home; beet of refer-
ences. Box 674. Call office.
CRITERION Reglna graphophone and slot ma-
chine repairing; work warranted. Address
1162>* Seventh st . Oakland^ |
I ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 4! Third st, near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale Japanese bamboo furniture;
: all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try Orders, K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutler.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women. j
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st, Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LADIES wishing to learn to cut and fit dresses :
perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON. j
2S2H Fourth st.; one month's sewing free to
all who begin during January.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery: special offer this week: perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. <>16 Market: men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION^ T
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and |
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She [
never asks a question, but before you utter a 1
word she tells you in full of all that you arc •
Interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene- :
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, •
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
1 she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
AH correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always i
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
ATTENTION— I do not locate mines, hidden '
treasures, nor give lottery numbers, but if j
you are In trouble and need help come to !
me. Advice given on all subjects: valuable
Information given to users of morphine. Five
j questions answered by mail. $1. LEANDER.
King of Mediums. 313 Eddy st.
i A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton Ft.
I $iwi,rtor> TO loan on safes and articles of every
I description at UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant
j ave.. near Market st.
CIRCLE to-day, 1 p. m. : Tuesday, 8 p. m.; 250;
reading, $1. C MAYO-STEERS. 1124 Oak.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to- !
night; 10c; SOS McAllister; come skeptics. |
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 11$ Hatght st.
MRS. KATE HOPKINS, trance medium: read- '
ings dally. $1. 322 S. Spring St., Los Angeles.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. 8: 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco.
At IC23H Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove, Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
' standing and mysterious diseases; will givs cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
j N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Bend stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% Market st.
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist; readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
faction guaranteed. 234>« Sixth it.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies. 10c; gents,
2S< satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card readings; 10c; ladies
only. .'43 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader.
palmlFt; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis it.", room 4.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth. [
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. PR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. I! BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office nt MB O'Farrell. I
_______________
E DITcATIO HAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book- !
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches; i
j electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur- ■
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad- i
I uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5: term, 6 mo.,
$7."; languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course. $30; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition. 1900. Rooms '
6 and 20. Mercantile bldg.. 530 Golden Gate av.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical ShortT
hand and Typewriting School: court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters;
t«rms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, (SO; low rates per week and mo.
SPECIAL instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; prep, for high schools and
universities. Call 11 a, m. to 3 p. m.. 7 to ■■ p.
m., r. 454 Parrot! bldg., TRUITT & MILES. ;
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, bookkeep- !
Ing and English; preparation for high schools
nnd universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p. m., 7 '
to 9 p. m., room 454, Parrott building.
WANTED— singer for St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. Apply to J. B. WAR-
BURTON, 14214 Fourth St., between 1 and 3
o'clock.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar. juvenile class, $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Ootavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min- i
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. IBM. VAN DEB NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maier, 526 Turk
St.. bet. Larkln and Polk; zithers, music and i
strings always on hand.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Letpslc; lesson", 7"c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando- 1
Iln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
SAN FRAVCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 072 Parrott bids, I
I HOI SE S TO LET.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS 1? Grant ave.,
near Market st.
j A— Send for circular: houses to let all parts of.
I city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 212%— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
i WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
: __ , — . . — T?
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; also flat
of 6 rooms and bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
I St., near Dolores.
ELLIS, 1519—4 rooms, yard and cellar, $14;
i 2253 Geary, 5 rooms, bath, 112.
FLATS TO LET. .
! A— (10 TO 30 days free)— Nice, clean fiats,~s7
to $11. At A. M. SPECK A CO.'B, 602 Market.
| CHEAPEST flat In the city. 1120A Leaven-
worth st.,; 6 rooms and bath. MADISON &
BURKE.
F'>I.SOM, 1136—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room; sunny; $15.
, GROVE, 1615, near Lyon— Sunny cozy 6 rooms,
bath; rent $16; Golden Gate Park.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant ave..
near Market st.
MODERN "-room flat: will rent cheap to a re-
liable family. 1129 McAllister st.
! NICE sunny corner flat. 7 rooms and bath; rent
$24. 1340 Hayes st.
1 WE can rent you a fiat with or without, a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
! 541 CASTRO, bet. ISth and 19th— $17 50; dry
sunny upper flat 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
$15— FLAT 6 rooms and bath at SW corner of
Kills and Scott its.
FURNISHED FLATS.
A COMFORTABLE flat of 3 rooms; $13. IS
Elliott park, near Geary and Stelner gts.
II "6 MB] FOR OUSEKE El* I
ALVa, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
; ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
Is loaned on watches, diamonds and jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave., near
Market st.
BRYANT, 511—2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms, upstairs, complete
for housekeeping; bath.
CLAY. 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; $7.
EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; fine
location; private residence.
; EDDY, 917— Desirable sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; upper Boor; private residence.
' FOLSOM, 870 Nice sunny front room for com-
plete housekeeping; cheap.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness —Suite of 3
tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
' IVY ave., 404— Furnished sunny front room,
kitchen and others,
| LEAVEN WORTH. 811, near Butter 4 sunny
' rooms; bath, furniture; couple; no children;
I references.
MARKET, 102S Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARTHA pi . 4. off Geary, bet, Mason and
Taylor— 2 Urge unfurnished rooms, $10.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms: housekeeping and single.
MASON ;■:'■■:• 9 furnished housekeeping rooms;
: kitchen, bedroom, sitting-room: 2 closets, pan-
; try, yard; $12; Erie place entrance.
MCALLISTER. 14 room 70— Large handsomely
furnished room for rent; furniture for sale
j cheap.
. MCALLISTER 422 — Large sunny front room
I and kitchen.
MCALLISTER, 4:2— Large sunny front room
and kitchen.
MINNA. 322— Two or three housekeeping rooms
complete; suite of rooms with grate.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; sun all day.
MISSION, 945— Kitchen and front room, with
folding; complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 637'4— Front rooms furnished for
housekeeping; range; complete: also pintle.
OAK. 119 1 front sunny room complete for
! light housekeeping, $5.
I SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite
complete; $11 and $10: water: closets; bath.
TO LET— I27 Second St.: nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping and single, room,
I TURK, 35—3 unfurnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping; gas. running water; reasonable. ■
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny ,
front suite for housekeeping; or single, $6.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 33677 near Mission— 2 large
sunny front housekeeping rooms; furnished
complete; $10.
VAN NESS. 1021— Front sunny suite. 2 or 3
rooms: kitchen, gas range, bath: references.
______________
HOOMS TO LET.
ALASKA pi.. 5. off Mason, nr. Bay- Comfort-
able furnished room for lady as companion :
for small girl: rent light.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BURNETT, 3361 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites, j
single; facing plaza; day or month. |
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night; i
$1 25 to $o week; open all night; Howard-st. I
cars pass house direct from all trains.
COLTON House. 220 Third— Single suites; light
housekeeping; $5 up; brick building, yard.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms; i
central; very desirable: $6 per month upward.
j SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave., near Marke; st.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladies,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave., nr. Market St.
FIFTH. 43S (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room: sunny; $15.
GEARY, 34A— Nice sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms; day. week or month: cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
| single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
| rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LEXINGTON ave., Nicely furnished front
room; grate; bath: $6 60 month.
MASON. 406— Furnished room to let.
MINNA. 24" ; ; 2 sunny rooms; 1 with stove, 1
with grate: $4 and $5.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
j bay-window room; $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 1142— Rear furnished and housekeep-
ing rooms; $3 up.
MISSION, 2617—1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
NINTH. 124—1 sunny front room and others;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 20 — bunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or m .nth.
O'FARRELL, 427— Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; reasonable. •:; " .
PINE. 514A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny moms: single or en suite; moderate.
POWELL. Pomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms: reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 317— Newly furnished suite: also I
single; telephone: bath; central; cheap.
TAYLOR, 407— A sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished: with grate; gentlemen preferred.
TURK, Large unfurnished alcove room, 2 I
closets, running water; also front parlor.
TURK, 543— Nico sunny single furnished room;
gas, bath: $1 M per week.
$3 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined:
i sunny: furnished. Box r.6i>. Call office. j ,
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BUSH, 584— Newly furnished sunny suites and ! '
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with ! ,
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant ave.,
near Market st.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— new
furniture; first class In every respect; table '
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up. ■ I <
O'FARRELL. 411— A sunny furnished room for
2. with board, HO; gas, bath.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: special rates for 2 or more.
PINE, 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; single rooms, excellent board; ref.
SUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable. '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth Ave.. near H st.
$400. $450, $500 to $SOO each: street graded, lots
ready to build on; $25 down. $3 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 -to $800.
$300 to $300; lots near Mission-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
FINE handsome 4-room cottage, cor. lot 25x80,
; with stable for 3 horses. 1439 Shotwell st.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave.. near Market st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room _nd up: repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder, 521 K St., Sunset District.
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN, dealer In city real
estate; business property and appraisements
a specialty. Office. IE Grant ave.
MONEY TO LOW.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. P.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 3023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market st.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. IGO3 l * Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of G\k per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120
Ellis St., room 4; until Feb. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
•states a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d lortg ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery si
MISIGAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 SO PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Etelnway upright 187 50
Chlckerlng upright 235 00
Bohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $C per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
fame as If purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments anil some good pianos for $3. $4 an3
r. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stein way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteen'h and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
nnd prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Rnval piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 193
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 yean.
BENJ CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis up-
right; sacrificed at half price. Room 12.
Flood building.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS 1 . 768 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet .v Davis pianos.
A— NICE Fischer upright. $12.'. cash. If sold at
once. Room 21. Flood building.
BOHMKR pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post St.
j A FINE Stelnway and new Checkering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'B, 1019 Van Ness ave.
$I'»n— FINE Stelnway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st . next Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 3WJ Post st.
; HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
-1 EH A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
MEDICAL.
i ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk Ht.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
j safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
I aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable special!-*- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules nre guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
dieses free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
ave., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble?; no mat-
ter from what cause and how leng standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills an.l capsules, $1: cure $5.
By the well-known ladies' pnyslclan for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $".; travelers helped Instantly: consult
free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; < - ure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure, $5. Removed from 401D Van
Ness to IS62A .Mkt.. bet. Jones ,v City Hall av.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamp" for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored:
whatever cause: ajl cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023H Market.
ALLmarrled ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 Clay st ;
$1 CO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 K st, Sacramento. Cal.
DR. nnd MRS. WEGENER. .312 Golden Gate
ave.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
i ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
f«mnle troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
i OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. BURT. massage and electric treat-
ments; positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 85GH S. Spring. Ixjs A.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United StHtep. postpaid, for $1 per year.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CHILD to board: pay not so much of an object
as company. 3727 Sacramento st., lower flat.
WANTED- Child to board; German family.
Address i •■ v r.4S. '"•ill office.
STORES TO LET.
EAST St., through to Steuart, new building.
45:10x137:6; 2 upper stories to rent; will put in
elevator, fix to suit tenant and civ-- a long
lease to desirable party; near ferries. ASH-
TON & GARDINER.
SPLENDID location for dressmaker, dress find-
ings and notion store or for millinery. 702
McAllister St.. near Gough.
OFFICES TO "
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market st. cor. Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor arM telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
460 ACRES near Llvermoie. Alameda County;
heavy oak timber; springs; house; fence;
value $4600; will exchange for lands or town
property In Tehama, Shasta or Lassen coun-
ties. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— An Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62x100 ft.;
building cost $40,000; used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
$200—80 ACRES fine redwood timber land near
Ukiah. ■ 125 Fifth St. -
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD quartz mine on the mother lode. Cala-
veras Co., and 25 lots in this city, all clear.
to exchange for a general ranch. Address
box 1274. Call.
IMPROVED real estate; will exchange for
country property. ROBINSON. 22^ Geary st.
PROPERTY WASTED.
. WANTED— Ranch in Humboldt or Mendoclno
County suitable for cattle and grain: must be
cheap for cash. Address R.. Uklah I". <>.. Cal.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
| OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FLATS FOR SALE.
TWO modern Hats of 6 rooms each at a bar-
gain on easy terms; well rented. Apply box
1 642. ''all office, Oakland. "
! OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHKI.I.
HAAS" old store. 418 Eleventh st See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio ave.
$1100— 50x20S lot on D"nton st., near Santa
' Clara ave.
i $1600— 5-room cottage, on Grand St.; work
I all done.
i $2500—50x200 house, S rooms; windmill and
. I tank.
$3500—50x150 rant new house, 8 rooms;
modern: at Morton-st. station: easy terms.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
' open Sundays. •
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st., Alameda.
! HKKlvl.l.i.v REAL ESTATE.
$4000— FOR a new. modern house of 6 rooms;
furnished throughout with the latest style;
large lot; situated near electric and steam
cars and ten minutes' walk to university;
owner must go East at once; a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley.
RANCH of 6 acres; all improved: almost In
center of Berkeley: splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens: will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg.; cut rates. BCRIB-
NER & CO.. 114! Mission St., bet. 7th and Sth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tat. Main .711
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
, Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows-
; W. S. Bonnlfleld and Alice M. Hartley r,2-34
Alvin E. Strom nd Ida M. Hickey 34-28
1 E. W. Hoffschneider and Florence Burrls. .2l-18
George i' Holmes and Jennie A. Myers 38-2,"
W. H. Curnow and Agnes Qulnn 27-2:!
Andrew M. Wilson and Violett Rogers 31-10 !
Ernest T. Downing and Barbara Reedy — 29-21 |
Seraphin Chabot and 'lenience Wenger 2S-18
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will Di ■ be inserted. They must be handed
! in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. '
i BERNHARD— In this city, January 3, 1599, to
the wife of Wendell Bernhard, a son.
COMFOOT In this city, December 29, IS9S, to
the wife of Samuel Comfoot, a son.
MUNRO— In this city, January 4, 1899, to the
\ wife of J. Munro. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BOWERS— WARD— In this city, January 4,
1599, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
Harry K. Bowers and L'eanle Ward, both
of San Francisco.
BRASS— GILMAN— the residence of the
bride's parents In Marysville, January 3, 1599,
by the Rev. Father Hynes. Joseph J. Brass
and Clara B. Gilman, both of Marysville.
DYER— INGALLS— In this city. January 3.
1899, by the Rev. A. J. Wells, Henry Sawyer
Dyer of Oakland and Elizabeth Thomas In-
galls of San Jose.
KILLIP— PORTER— January 1, 1899, W. J. Kil-
llp and Mrs. Sara Porter, both of .San Fran- j
cisco.
DIED.
Barrett. Mary Little. Richard W.
Beeman, Royal M. McFaul, James
Brennan, John Matthews, Henry
Carpenter, Mrs. M. Meyer, Fred
Connahan, Joseph F. Moody. E. Philip
Cordes. Lloyd F. Nelson. Andrew
Cronln, Maggie O'Connor, Mary E.
Crowe, John C. , Patten, William H.
Damon. Nathaniel Phillips, Mrs. Nellie
Day, Egisto Povpenberg. Robert
Ellie. Tillie Raicevich, Retina
Foulk. Harry E. Reimers. Frederick
Fraser. Robina G. Rourke, Bridget
Friesen. John «'. Blskron (infant)
Harrison. Emma I. Stewart, Miss M. M. i
Heegaard, Han't Swalm, Senaca A.
Higgins, Thomas Terrell, James
Holland, Daniel J. Walker. Joseph W.
Jacobs. Mary A. Walsh, Miss Ann
Larnard. Frances Ward, Mary K.
BARRETT— In this city, January 3, 1899. Mary,
relict of the late Michael Barrett, and beloved
mother of Mrs. George Reams, a native of
Clonakllty, County Cork, Ireland, aged 75
years.
£7 The funeral Will tnke place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 29 Masonic avenue, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
j BEEMAN— In this city, January 3, 1899, Royal
Mateo. beloved son of William and Wilhel-
mina Beeman, and brother of Mercedes. Vir- ;
ginia and Isabel le Beeman, a native of San ■
Francisco, aged 11 years "■ months and 2'J
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the reside] of
his aunt, Mrs. D. L. Bartlett. 6138 York
street, between Eighteenth and Nineteenth, j
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church. i
Eighteenth and Shotwell Streets. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRENNAN— In this city, at Ocean View. Janu-
ary 3, 1899. John, beloved husband of the late
Ann Brennan. father of Mrs. James E. Fay
and Edmund. Stephen and John V. Brennan,
and brother-in-law of the late Mrs. Catherine
Ackland. a native of the parish of Ahada.
Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland, aged 75
years.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this -day
(Thursday), at U:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 29 Broad street, Ocean View, thence to '
St. Michael's Church, where a requiem high !
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CARPENTER— In this city. January 3. 1899,
Mrs. M. M. Carpenter, secretary board of
Trustees Good Templars' Home for Orphans,
beloved mother of Prank W. and Fred L.
Carpenter, a native of Wisconsin, aged 6S
years.
(uTFrien.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the First Bap-
tist Church. Eddy street, between Jones and
Leaver, wo! th.
CONNAHAN— In this city, January 4, 1899, Jo-
seph F.. dearly beloved and only son of Cor-
nelius and the late Rose Connahan, and
brother of Annie, Nellie, Lillian and Ger-
trude Connahan and Mrs. J. J. Tracy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months i
and ii days.
[7NotiCe of funeral hereafter.
Dearest Joe, thou hast left us.
And thy loss we deeply feel:
But the God who has bereft us.
Hi can all our sorrows heai.
CORDES— In this city, January 4, 1899, Lloyd
Frank, dearly beloved son or Albert and :
Elisabeth Cordes. brother of Albert. Lillian,
Angela, Ethel, Clifton and Arthur Cordes,
and grandson of Robert and Catherine Booth.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 2G days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:4."> o'clock, from the residence
of his' parents, 2917 Twenty-fifth street, be-
tween Bryant and York. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CRONIN— In this city, January 3. I»fi<>, Mag-
gie, beloved wife of John D. Cronin, and
mother of Mary Cronln, a native of Brosna,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 22. years.
(CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), ai 9:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CROWE— In Colma, January 4. 1899. John C,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Crowe, and '
father of Mrs. J. A. Gamble, Miss Kate J. I
Crowe, Mrs. M. A. MeCann. Mrs. Charles
Scranton and J. J.. T. M and W. H. Crowe, !
a native of Ennls. County Clare, Ireland. I
, aged 73 years and 10 months. 1
w
DAMON'— Damon avenue. Alameda County,
January 3. 1899, Nathaniel, beloved husband
of Laura M. Damon, father of George, Her-
bert, Joseph and Walter Damon, and brother
. of C. W. Damon of Alameda. a native of
Pembroke, Mass., aged 63 years 6 months and
7 days. (Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
(L 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,: at his
late residence, Damon avenue, Seminary Park,
off San Leandro road. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
DAY —In this city, January 4. 1599, Egisto
Day, dearly beloved son of Mr?. Theresa
Olsen, stepson of Andrew Olsen. and brother
of Armando Day, a native of Han Francisco,
aged « years 1 month anil IS days.
ELLIS— In this city, January 3. 1599. Tillie.
dearly beloved wife of Captain William Ellis,
a native of Dramm, Norway, aged 25 years
and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Velente, Marinl & Co.. i"24 Stock-
ton street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FOULK— In this city. January 4. 1899, Harry
Edward Foulk, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 6 days.
FRASER— In this city, January 3. 1899, Robina
Gordon, beloved wife of Jain' O. Fraser, a
native of Scotland, aged 50 years.
I (TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the church
of the Advent, Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains
I at parlors of Craig & Cochran Company, 54
i Mint avenue.
FRIESEX— In this city. January 3. 1599, John
1 C. Frlesen, a native of New Jersey, aged 2
years and 3 months.
HARRISON— In Berkeley. January 3. 1599,
Emma Isham. wife of the Rev. James K.
Harrison, superintendent California Home
Missionary Society, a native of Indiana.
C7"Friend«« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2032 Hearst avenue. Interment Santa
Rosa Friday morning.
I HEEGAARD— In this city, January 4. 1899.
Harriet, beloved wife of Bteffan Heegaard,
and mother of Mrs. G. H. Warner. Mrs. C.
Heegaard, Mrs. W. c, Scott and Mrs. C. A.
Lee, a native of England, aged 72 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
January 7. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1001 Capp street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HIGGIXS —In this city. January 4. 1899.
Thomas Higgins. beloved brother of Cather-
ine Russell, a native of County Tlpperary,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 720 Xatoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his sow.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOLLAND— In this city. January 2. 1899, Dan-
iel .1. Holland, beloved son of Mrs. Julia
Burns, pnd brother of Gertrude and the late
Harry Burns, ■ native of St. John. New
Brunswick, aged 27 yearn and 9 months.
ICFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 120 Wilde] avenue, off Stelner
street, between Bush and Pine, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOBS this city. January 4. 1899, Mary
A., beloved wife of David Jacobs, and mother
of Hyme Jacobs, a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 41 years.
LARNARD— this city, January 4. 1899, Fran-
ces, beloved wife of A. F. Lnrnard, a native
of Illinois, aged "I years.
LITTLE— In the City and County Hospital.
January 4. 1899. Richard Wlntersmlth Little.
a native of Kentucky, aged r.fi years.
McFATJL— In this city. January 3, 1899, James.
beloved husband of Mary F. McFaul, and
father of John and Alexander McFaul, a na-
tive of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 57
year?.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat" resi-
dence, 1008 Harrison street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I MATTHEWS— In Oakland. January 8, 1899,
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Matthews,
a native of England, aged 73 years.
E?"Frlendß are Invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
at his late residence. 1567 Webster street.
Oakland. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
; MEYER— In this city. January 3, 1899, Fred
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
MOODY —In this city. January 4. 1819, E.
Philip, beloved son of John C. and Theresa
M. Moody, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
yean.
! NELSON— In this city, January 3, ls9r>. at his
residence, 735 Laurel avenue, Andrew,
beloved husband of Euphemla Nelson, and
father of Maggie, Jane and Ellen Nelson, a
native of Ireland, aged 51 years 2 months and
27 days. A member of Court Justice No. 7903,
A. O. F., and Stonecutters' Union.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the First
United Presbyterian Church, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street.
O'CONNOR— this city, January 4, 1899, Mary
Ellen, relict of the late James O'Connor,
and dearly beloved mother of William V..
Michael J. and Patrick M. O'Connor. Mrs.
J. H. Williams and Mrs. J. C. Caveney and
the late James F. O'Connor, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 73 years and
9 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence," 1303 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a mas-< will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PATTEN— In Honolulu. November 25, 1898. Wil-
liam H. Patten.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from St. James Church, corner
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS — A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of trie soul of Mrs. Nel-
lie T. Phillips at St. James Church, Guerrero
and Twenty-Becond streets, this day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock. Friends are respectfully
Invited to attend.
1 POPPENBERG— In this city, January 4. 1899,
Robert, beloved husband of the late Pauline
Poppenberg. and father of Amalla Poppen-
berg. Mrs. J. F. Rau. Mrs. H. Lase of Hono-
lulu and Robert and Albert Poppenbprp, a
native of Germany, aged 76 years 6 month*
24 days. A member of Gesellsehaft Teutonia,
Germania Stamm No. 83, U. O. R. M.; Gar-
Held Post No. 34. G. A. R. ; Musical Fund
Society and Musicians' Union. (Honolulu and
Buffalo, N. V . papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at l o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 126 Page street, between Goujrh and.
Octavia, thence to Teutonia Hall. 1322 How-
ard street, where funeral services will be held
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
RAICEVICH— In this city. January 4. 18*9,
gina, beloved daughter of Splro and Lillie
Ral^evich. and sister of George. Ella, Splro,
Peter, Lillie. Rudolph and Valeria Raicevich.
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 3
months and 2S days.
KEIMERS— In this city. January 3, 1599, Fred-
erick H.. beloved husband of Christina Relm-
Pr « and father of Willie, Gretchen and Edna'
Reimers, a native of Kiel, Germany, aged
43 years 4 months and 13 days. A member of
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S. (Stockton
papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 8, from 510 Bush street, where fu-
neral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S..
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by train leaving Third. and
Townsend streets at 11:88 o'clock. Remains.
at the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S
McAllister street.
ROURKE— this city, January 3. 1899, Bridget
Rourke, dearly beloved mother of Mary C.
Thomas D. and Maggie T. Rourke, a native
of Ireland, aged 70 years.
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 516 Taylor street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock.. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SISKRON— In this city, December 26, 189$, In-
fant son of Charles and Ada Slskr.on.
STEWART— In this city, January 3. 1899, Miss
Madge Mirtle Stewart, a native of Eureka,
| Cal., aged 23 years and 9 months.
SWALM— In this city. January 4, 1599, Senaca
A beloved husband of Katharine A. Swalm,
a native of New York, aged 47 years.
ETlnterment private. Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
TERRELL —In this city. January 4. ISM.
James, relict of the late Mary Terrell, and
beloved father of John. James. Julia and
Mars Terrell, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 42 years.
WALKER— In this city, January 4, 1399, Jo-
seph W.. beloved husband of Mary A.
Walker, and father of Mrs. C. Lacey. Mrs.
J. .1. Matter, Mrs. P. J. Stahl and Louise and
Isabel Walker, a native of London, England,
aged 72 years.
|Cs"Friend3 and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock.' from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. •
WALSH— In Na| a. January. 4. 1899, Miss Ann
Walsh of Flushing. N. V.. beloved sister of
Mrs. C Ramsey, and aunt of H. O. Ramsey
and Mrs. H. J. Pierce.
Interment private.
WARD— In this city. January 4. 1599, at her
.•■nee, 1913 Vallejo street, Mary E., be- :
loved wife of Edward Ward, and mother of
Katie.. James, John. May and Christopher
Ward, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
B7Notlce of funeral hereafter. ■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMB ALTER*.
10 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln .jciwoL
Telephone Soutb 80. . ....■-:■"-
1314
REVOLUTIONARY
SESSION OF THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Directors Evade an Injunction
and Rescind the Measures of
Their Predecessors.
The Department Restored to the Conditio]
It Was In Before the Last Week in
December — Principals Com
manded to Reclassify
Their Schools.
The Board of Education held last I
night a meeting that will be considered, '
In the history "f the School Depart
ment, revolutionary. Upon the recom
mendation of Superintendent of Schools :
R. H. Webster, the board, by a unani- i
xraous vote, rescinded all but one of the .
acts that were adopted on December |
2S, :)0 and 31 by its predecessor. The |
superintendent and members of the !
board admit that their action is unpre
cedented, but they declare that public 'i
policy and the welfare of the schools !
will justify their action even in the I
court. There is a grave question, even j
in the mind of Superintendent Web- |
ster, that the action taken last night j
infringes upon the decision of the Su- ■
preme Court in the Kate Kennedy case,
but if it does, the teachers that are in- j
Jured are placed upon the defensive !
and must take the necessary legal steps
to secure a remedy.
The board, by the adoption of its res
olutions last night, restored the School
Department to the condition in which
it was before the Ragan-Waller outfit
made the sweeping changes which
closed an inglorious administration |
with the year. In addition to this i
restoration the board made another !
last night and rescinded every order
made in December by its predecessor
and affecting the grade of schools, j
Whi'« the new board thus showed its |
supreme contempt for the old board, it I
took the opportunity to dismiss one of
its own employes to rea^noint one who
had served under the old board. This
action won a hearty tribute of applause |
from the gallery, for the opportunity
was one of mercy. A girl who is the j
sole support of a blind mother was
thrown out of employment by the j
change of administration. Vanderlynn :
Stow heard of it and asked his asso
ciates to dismiss their own employe i
and reappoint the first girl. This was
dene by a unanimous vote.
It was long af'er 9 o'clock before the j
board met last night in special session, i
As soon as the Directors were seated I
each was served with an injunction of
the Superior Court preventing the
board from deeradir.'r Miss L. A. Orr I
from the position of vice principal of ..
the Haight Intermediate Grammar
School. Miss Orr was promoted to this
post by one of the concluding acts of ;
the Old board. For a few minutes the i
Directors were st..Tgere<i last night.
They seemed, at the very beginning of
their campaign of reform, to be threat
ens! with the vengeance of the Superior j
Court for contempt. The weapon of j
Judge eleher was as dangerous to I
them as to Wallers and Ragans. There
w > nodding and bobbins of wise
heads, a harmonious blending of the
"club flush" and the "solid seven," and
out of it all came a clever ruse.
The board decided to rescind all of the
acts of its predecessor, within the j
period indicated, except that promoting
Miss < >rr to the position of vice prin
cipal of the Haight school. In this wav ,
the board avoided being in contempt
and won substantially all it sought.
Miss Orr will receive attention later.
At the meeting last ni~ht there was
nothing to indicate any but the most
complete harmony of the members!
There was a little balking when Grant
<' Cole. :i son of School Director Cole.:
was appointed to the position of assist- ;
ant storekeeper, but the disturbance
took the form of a simple negative from
three or four members. A little uneasi
ness was expressed 'hen Director Eells
beamed upon the Bcene in a dress suit.
but this was accounted for by the ex- ■
pl^nation that he had no other. He
was positively brilliant and may revo- j
lionize the dress of the board as well ,
hp its rules. It has been hinted that .
Mr. Eells intends to establish dress
suits as the official garb of the board.
After the shock of Mr. Eells' appear
ance had disappeared the members be- j
gan the a Tious business of the session.
As resolution after resolution was
adopted there was many an anxious
look from troubled faces in the gallery.
The school department is in a period ■
of revolution. The most important ac- !
tion taken last night, as already mdl- '
cated, was the adoption of the Super- ,
intendent's resolutions, rescinding the
last acts of the old board. These reso
lutions were unanimously adopted and
are as follows:
Whereas, The changing, transferring. !
assignment or election of principals, vice
principals special instructors or teachers
from one school, position or class to an
other in the middle of the school year de
moralizes the schools, classes and pupils '
affected by such changes, transferring. '
assignment or election; and whereas, the <
late Board of Education has made an '
alarming number of changes, transfers, :
assignments and elections of principals, !
vice-principals, teachers and special In- j
Ftructors In the month of December. l*>:^s.
froni one school or class or position to an
other In almost every school in th< de
partment under the control of the Board :
of Education; and whereas, such changes, j
transfers, assignments or elections mi- !
nosing additional burdens upon the tax
payers have been made without any good
or valid reason to serve merely the inter
ests of the directors and their favorites,
are in opposition to the best Interests of
the school children In particular and the, 1
School Department in general.
Ami whereas, the integrity of our public
School system, the best Interests of the tax
payers and the depleted condition of th^
school . fund imperatively demand that;
such changes, transfers, assignments or j
elections should be immediately set aside.
annulled and countermanded, in order to ;
neve our public school system from Irrep
arable injury; now, therefore, be it re
solved and ordered that principals of
grammar and primary schools will with- i
out delay r< classify with a minimum
number of fifty pupils enrolled in each
cIaJW, provided receiving classes shall
have S minimum enrollment of forty pu- i
plls; and be it further provided that In
the i'-classi(icatioi) principals may so re
classify that the average for their entire;
school shall be at least fifty pupils en- j
rolled in each class. And principals of :
evening schools will reelassify with a
minimum of twenty-five In each foreign
or ungraded or high school class, and av
erage t-hirty in attendance, provided that '
in the reclassilication principals may so j
reclas.sify that the average for their en-!
tire school ehall be fifty pupils in each ;
C sfesolved. That the principals in the j
classification of their schools consolidate;
the last appointed teachers in the depart- J
ment. All teachers who are hereby left
without classes shall report to the office
of the Superintendent.
Resolved, That each and every resolu
tion of the Board of Education adopted
at a meeting of the Board of Education
tiejd on the 2Sth day of December, by
which any principal, vice principal ,or
teacher of this department was appointed,
elected, promoted or transferred from one
position to another, or assigned to any
position, or to the unassigned list, or ap
pointed to a position, or promoted in
grade or degraded, be and the samf is
hereby revoked, and the position, stand
ing and salary of said teacher is hereby
declared to be not affected by said reso
lutions.
Resolved, however. That the resolution
electing L. A. Orr to the position of vice
principal of the Haight Intermediate
Grammar School is specially excepted
from rescission, in deference to the re
straining order from the Superior Court
of this city and county and Issued in her
suit against this board.
Resolved, That all positions and officers
which were created by any resolutions of
the Board of Education adopted at any
meeting of said board which was held on
December 28, 30 and 31, are hereby abol
ished, and all said resolutions are hereby
rescinded and annulled.
Resolved, That each and every resolu
tion of the Board of Education adopted at
a meeting of said board held on the 30th
day of December. 189S, by which any
principal, vice principal or teacher of this
department was elected, promoted or
transferred from one position to another
or appointed or assigned to a position or
to the unassigned list or promoted in
grade or degraded is hereby revoked, an
nulled and vacated, and the position,
standing or salary of said teacher is
hereby declared not to be affected by said
resolution.
Resolved, That each and, every resolu
tion, order or proceeding of the Board of
Education adopted during the month of
December, lS!>s. by reason of which any
school in this department was raised in
trade, be and the same is hereby revoked
and annulled. R. H. WEBSTER.
Superintendent Webster announced
that he had appointed Cecil W. Mark
as Deputy Superintendent of. Schools.
As the position is a statutory one in
the gift of the Superintendent the board
did not have to confirm it.
Three unusual communications were
then read. One was from E. Knowlton,
who, by the last board, was transferred
from his position as vice principal of
the Lincoln School to instructor of elo
cution in all the high schools. Mr.
Knowlton declared that he did not seek
the change and he respectfully asked
the board to rescind the action of its
predecessor.
The second communication was from
C. H. McCarthy, who is vice principal
of the Washington Grammar School,
and was also made principal of the
Spring Valley Evening School. Mr. Mc-
Carthy declared that he had not been
consulted and did not wish the honor.
The third communication was from R.
D. Faulkner, who is principal of the
Franklin School and was also elected a
principal of an evening school by the
old board and declined the honor. The
general resolution, nullifying all of the
acts of the old bos rd, which was subse
quently adopted, covered the cases, of
trie three school teachers.
Director Head reported that he had
ordered the dismissal of all the subor
dinate employes in the storeroom of the
department. This was done, the di
n-tor declared, in the interest r.-f econ
omy. The report was unanimously
adopted. Later in the session Head
moved that the Finance Committee be
on). -red to prepare a report for the
board at its next meeting on the con
dition of the finances of the depart
ment. The motion was adopted, its
purpose being to give the board a clear
conception of what must be dune to
keep within the legal appropriation,
notwithstanding the gross extrava
gance of the board that disappeared so
ingloriously a few days ago.
In the further interest of economy Di
rector Head moved the adoption of the.
following resolution:
Resolved, That the positions of princi
pal of the Mission Evening School, prin
cipal of the Richmond Evenine School
and principal of the Spring Valley Even
ing School now occupied by Madison Bab
cock be abolished.
There was some discussion on this
resolution and Director Head explained
that he urged its adoption because it
would cut off three salaries that were
not being earned. Babcock has been
acting as principal of these schools
simply to legalize his receipt of the sal
ary of each position.
Head wished also to have the board
reconsider the vote of its predecessor,
taken on the last days of last year!
As the board had already rescinded
every specified action taken by its pre
decessor it was deemed not necessary
to proceed as Head suggested.
As the meeting was about to adiourn
Director Stow arose and declared that
he wished to speak of a small matter.
He declared that one of the employes
of the old board, the stenographer. Miss
Cusack, was the sole supnort of a blind
mother. The director thought that it
would be an act of l.iercy to reinstate
her. The gallery applauded loudly at
this unexpected suggestion. It was
pointed out to the director that the suc
cessor of Miss Cusack would have to be
discharged. This was accordingly done
by a unanimous vote, and by another
unanimous vote Miss Cusack was elect
ed. The board then adjourned to meet
in regular session next Wednesday
night.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal MM because It is pure.
■ » ■
Ocean View Outrage.
The case of William Sullivan, the young
hoodlum, charged with an assault to mur
der upon Mrs. John A. Boyer at Ocean
View last Friday night, was called in
Judge Tread well's court yesterday and
continued. George Otang, the grocer
who went to Mrs. Boyer's assistance and
had two chairs broken over his head, was
able to be in court and swear out a war
rant against Sullivan on a similar
charge.
■ m ■
Dennery Against Ashe.
The election contest in which Leon Den
nery is trying to unseat R. Porter Ashe
from the State Legislature Is on trial be
fore Justices Kerrigan and Groezinger.
Testimony is being offered tending to
prove alleged Improper manipulation of
ballots. The cases of Jones against War
deM and James Brophy against Daniel
O'Brien are also being heard.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1899,
The Late Frank J. French.
F. J. FRENCH
FOUND DEAD
AT THE LICK
Commits Suicide by
Inhaling Gas.
DISCOVERED BY A SERVANT
WELL-KNOWN ATTORNEY BE
COMES DESPONDENT.
11l Health and Financial Reverses
Combine to Render Life Un
bearable — He Leaves a
Family.
Made despondent by ill health and
financial reverses, Frank J. French, a
well known attorney and prominent Ma
son, committed suicide in the Lick House
Tuesday night by asphyxiation. Mr.
French entered the hotel at 3 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon and applied for a room.
He was assigned to No. 214 and took pos
session Immediately. He called for writ
ing material, which was supplied, but
nothing further was seen or heard of him
by the hotel people until his corpse was
found lying on the bed cold in death nine
teen hours later.
No letters or farewell messages of any
kind were found in the room, and if he
wrote any he must have mailed them
himself, but none of the attaches of the
hostelry saw him leave the building dur
ing the afternoon or night. At 10:30 yes
terday morning a chambermaid rapped
at his door, and receiving no response
turned the knob. The door was not
locked, and as it swung open an over
powering odor of gas caused the girl to
gas,P for breath. She gave the alarm and
the fact or the suicide was at once estab
lished. Mr. French had partially disrobed
and retired, after closing all the windows
and turning on the gas. He had evidently
been dead some hours, as the body was.
cold. The Coroner was at once notified
and the remains removed to the
Morgue. Attorney F. D. Brandon, with
whom the dead man was associated at
530 California street, was notified of the
tragedy by telephone and was preparing
to go to the hotel when Mr. French's son
Harold appeared in his office to Inquire
for his father. He said the latter had
telephoned to his wife in Berkeley Tues
day afternoon that he would not be home
for dinner, but as he sometimes remained
In the city over night no apprehension
"was felt. Mrs. French accompanied her
son to the city, but upon arriving on this
side of the bay they separated, the
mother going to the home of her sister
Mrs. Thompson. - She was not notified <>l
her husband's death until nearly noon.
Mr. French had resided in this city for
years, but removed to Berkeley on No
vember JO. They resided at the Colonial
until the Ist of December, and then went
to live at a boarding-house at 2247 Ban
croft avenue, Berkeley. They had planned
to return to San Francisco ti> live as soon
as they could secure a house, and it was
for the purpose of looking for a suitable
place that mother .and yon came to the
city yesterday.
Mrs. French is a daughter of the late
Superior Judge William Satterlee of this
city, and inherited considerable property
from her father, including the family resi
dence. Her sister, Mrs. Thompson, "is the
widow of the late Hon. Thomas 1,.
Thompson, who was Secretary of State
under Governor Stoneman. a member of
Congress, United States Minister to Brazil
and at one time editor of the Sonoma
Democrat. He committed suicide at Santa
Rosa in a sensational manner on the Ist
of February last by cutting his throat
with a bowie knife, while temporarily in
sane.
Mr. French's family consisted of his
wife and two sons, Frank and Harold
The former is married and resides at
Fruitvale. He is a railway mail clerk on
the Southern Pacific between this city
and Los Angeles, and was on the run
when the tragedy occurred.
Uarold is only I'm years old. and was a
student at the University of California
until he went to the Klondike a year ago
and returned early in November. ' He was
preparing to leave again for Alaska some
time during the present month.
Deceased was born In Fayette, Kenne
bec County, Me., nearly sixty years ago.
and came to California, in 1860, locating
in Siskiyou County, where he served as
Deputy County Clerk. He afterward re
moved to Tehama County, where he
served successively as County Clerk, Au
ditor and Recorder. He came to San
Francisco in 1868, and was soon after
ward admitted to the bar. He served one
term as a member of the Board of Educa
tion, and was regarded by all who knew
him as an upright, conscientious man.
He was a member of Occidental Lodge of
Masons and past grand commander of
Golden Gate Commandery. Knights Tem
plar.
The inqur-st will be held at the Morgue
at 10 o'clork this morning. The funeral,
which will be under the auspices of Occi
dental Lodge of Masons, will be held
from Masonic Temple Friday at 12:30 p. m.
The interment will be at Mountain View,
Oakland.
She Sues for Maintenance.
— _j
Matilda H. Broman has sued her hus
band. Frank A. C. Broman, for mainte
nance. The plaintiff avers that her hus
band, although able to do so, has neg
lected to contribute toward her support
for some time past.
WITH THE ACTORS
AND MUSICIANS
The new week of the new year is prov- j
ing a lively one for the playhouses. Wil
lie Collier, in "The Man From Mexico,"
is playing to the capacity of the Colum- j
bia Theater and promises to duplicate the ;
big fortnight's engagement of last season.
Frank Daniels follows him with "The
Wizard of the Nile" and "The Idol's
Kye. ' '
West's minstrels will conclude a suc
cessful engagement ai the California with
a Sunday night performance. Edwin
Mayo comes Monday, appearing in the j
title part of "Pudd'nhead Wilson.
Rosenthal, the pianist, gives the second
of his concerts to-night in the Met
ropolitan Temple with a programme
that includes Mozart's A major
sonata and Chopin's 15 flat minor sonata.
The third and last concert comes off Sat
urday afterno'in. The programme is a
fine one. Including Weber's A flat sonata,
Schumann's "Etudes Symphoniques," a
group of Chopin's and a brace of Liszt
rhapsodies.
The now edition of "The Yellow Dwarf"
continues to draw the crowd to the
Tivoll.
"A Midnight Bell" will have made a
good two weeks' recall at the Alcazar by
Sunday night. A revival of Pinero's fa
mous farce, "The Nightingale," goes on
Monday.
The Hi Henry minstrels are prospering :
at Morosco's and reports from Sacramen
to say the stock company Is doing a
record-breaking business at the Clunie :
Opera-house.
Papinta in her illuminated danceß heads
a big bill at the Orpheum.
"All Aboard" is displaying the farce
comedy accomplishments of the ott
brothers at the Comedy.
THE CITY HALL IS
FINALLY COMPLETED
FORMAL TRANSFER OF THE
HUGE PILE.
It Has Been in Course of Construction
Twenty-Seven Years and Cost
$5,723,794 18.
The City Hall has at last been turned
over to the Board of Supervisors as com
plete. The cornerstone of the big build
ing was laid February 22, 1872, and the
building was practically completed last
year. its total cost was $5,723,794 18, and
the total receipts of the commission from
all sources were $.~>,724.03S 98. Upon retir
ing from office they left $51 30 in the fund.
It is said a new appropriation could have
been secured from the Legislature, but
the commission determined not to ask for
one.
There were no ceremonies of any char
acter when the historic pile was formally
placed in charge of the Supervisors. A
formal report was submitted, giving in
detail a history of the hall from the time
the enabling act was passed in 1870 up
to the present time. The building has
been occupied as its different sections
were ready for occupancy. The courts
and municipal offices were the first to
desert the old hall, the last occupants of
that building being the various branches
of the- Police Department.
Since IkT: v . the City Hail Commission has
consisted of thi- Mayor, Auditor ami City
and County Attorney. The Commission
ers were allowed a salary of Jim) per
month, but in recent years they have not
collected tin- fee.
AN ATTORNEY'S HEROIC ACT.
Thomas Keough Saves a Woman
From Being Burned to Death.
Attorney Thomas Keough of the firm of
Reddy, Campbell & Metson is carrying
his left arm in a sling and it is owing to
his presence of mind and bravery in sav
ing a woman from being burned to death.
Keough was on a Jones street car on
Tuesday night, and when the car was
ncaring Geary street he saw a woman
at the open window of a house calling
for help. He jumped off the car and
rushed Into the house. The woman's
dress was on lire, the result of a lamp ex
ploding, and she made a rush for the
door as Keough entered. He grabbed
hold of her with his right hand and tore
the burning clothing off her with his left,
succeeding in saving her life. She was
slightly burned about the face and arms.
Keouph's left hand was badly burned in
tearing off the burning clothing.
After his heroic act Mr. Keough hur
ried out of the house to a physician to
have his hand dressed without taking the
trouble to ask the name of the. woman
whose life he had saved.
W. A. Strohmeier & Cn.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candies, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
In the world. 1006 Market street. •
A Missing Klondiker.
Captain Hohen has received a letter
from Mrs. Birdie Williams of Hume, Mo.,
asking for information about her broth- :
er, Dan Coots. He left Dawson City
about September 1 and at St. Michaels
took passage on the steamer Portland.
He reached this city but then has
not been heard of. He was on his way I
home to support his sister, a widow, and j
her little daughter.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sinter St., r. 6 and 7.
CHRISTIANSEN'S
MACHINE MUCH
TOO COMPLEX
Trying the Mechanical
Voter.
OPINION OF AN EXPERT
WOULD DESTROY THE PRIVACY
OF THE BALLOT.
Defects Which Would Seriously In
terfere With the Expression
of the People's
Voice.
Inventor Christiansen gave a "voting
afternoon" yesterday which was more or
less of a success. Christiansen received
and his voting machine entertained. He
asked every one to vote and to criticize
—an invitation promptly accepted by the
few who were there, and the result was
not entirely satisfactory— to the machine
and its owner.
The Christiansen machine was the one
that raised such a storm, partly over its
political success and partly over Its me
chanical defects. It was the one through
which the suffragists of the State were
to record their choice whether they liked
It or not, and despite a demand by the
people for an efficient machine, and when
its rods tangled and its mechanism
snapped and its dials refused to record
the inventor had some difficulty in ex
plaining that the mechanical tally clerk
had yet a few trifling alterations to un
dergo.
Among those who inspected the clock
work politician was an expert machinist,
sent by The Call, and his report is any
thing but cheering. The vote-maker is
built on good principles— the mechanical
recording of the people's choice— but like
some other party workers it is not above
reproach. There are a lot of rods to be
twisted and sometimes they work and
sometimes they don't. A voter has to
pull a rod and give it a quarter turn and
swear at it. There is a whirr and a rat
tle, the rod whacks a number on a small
dial and a vote Is recorded for one of the
candidates, presumably the one intended.
It is much more complicated than the
average tally clerk, but it does not drink
nor smoke, nor does it draw pay after
being adopted by the legislature.
In giving his opinion of the machine
The Call's expert said:
"I am afraid Mr. Christiansen's machine
needs to be simplified considerably. The
mechanical principles upon which the ma
chine Is based arc perfectly sound, but a
voter would have to be extremely careful
in using it lest he should fail to cast his
vote. In my mind, the machine does not
meet the requirements of a voting ma
chine. It is altogether too complex. In
its present state 1 do not believe there is
one ordinary Individual in a hundred who
could use it withoul making a mistake,
and the election officials could hardly
instruct the voters in the manipulation
of the vote-casting rods. There is also a
very grave danger of the mechanism of
the machine getting out of gear on elec
tion day.
"One feature of the invention that is open
to criticism is that it is possible to easily
disarrange the machine after the voter
has cast his vote. Also, the figures on the
indicating rods are too small, a defect
which would render the counting of the
votes a rather complicated job. A voter
in lasting his vote lifts the voting rod
opposite the name or number of the candi
date he wishes to vote for, anri. the rod
is then held in suspension. The act of
giving the rod a quarter turn records the
vote on the indicating screw.
"Should the voter be careless and forget
to give the rod a full quarter turn, that
particular vote would not register. This
Is a serious defect, and it would have to
be obviated by. some mechanical contriv
ance.
"The adoption of such a machine would
bid fair to destroy the privacy of the
ballot."
MISS ATHERTON
IS MARRIED
The Novelist's Daughter
United to Albert Rus-
sell.
Interesting, though unusually quiet,
on account of a recent death in the
family, was the wedding of Miss Muriel
Atherton and Albert Russell, celebrated
last evening at the residence of the
bride's aunt, Mrs. Edward Eyre, 2209
Buchanan street.
When the engagement of the popular
young couple was first announced it was
intended that their wedding should be one
of the events of the social season. The
death of the bride's grandmother, Mrs.
Uhlhorn, was the occasion of altering all
plans, and the nuptial ceremony was sim
ple and quiet, with only the immediate
relatives in attendance.
The fair young bride, who is noted for
her beauty as well as her many charming
traits of character, is the daughter of the
well-known novelist, Mrs. Gertrude Ath
erton. Mrs. Atherton, who makes her
home in London, is at present visiting in
Washington, I>. C. Mr. Russell, the happy
man. is well known in social and business
circles, and holds a responsible position
in the Western Sugar Refinery Company.
Rev. Bather Ramm of St. Mary's united
the happy young couple. Miss Frances
Moore attended the bride as maid of
honor and Edward H. Sheldon officiated
in the capacity of best man.
The bride looked sweet and charming
in a gown of white satin. There is to b»»
no honeymoon, and Mr. and Mrs. Russell
will at once take up their residence in
this city.
The Equitable Life's Statement.
The preliminary statement of the Equit
able Life Assurance Society, which we
publish in another column, shows that
the assets of the society have now passed
the $260,000,000 mark, while the surplus has
reached the enormous amount of $55,000,
--000. During the past year this society
issued new assurance to the amount of
$170,000,000, and now has outstanding as
surance to the amount of almost a billion
dollars, the actual figures given in the
statement being $980,000,000.
The successful record (if this society
during 1898, as shown by its preliminary
statement, should be a cause of great
gratification to the policy holders of the
society, and. as a matter of fact, to all
who believe in life assurance, and that
includes the great majority of people.
Not Damaged by Fire.
The underwriters have made an exam
ination of the premises visited by fire on
Stevenson and First streets last Sunday
and found that the first estimates of the
damage done were in excess of the actual
hiss. For example, it was supposed that
the American Carbonic Acid Gas Com
pany's plant and machinery, at 19 Steven
son street, was an entire loss. Such was
not the case. The company's plant is
next door to where the tire- was burning
and escaped without any damage. Had
the blaze reached these premises it would
have done considerable damage, but no
loss was sustained.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
Female Pickpockets Held.
Dene Smith, alias May Johnson, and
Maud Rice, two notorious pickpockets,
were yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Justice of the Peace
Barry, acting for Judge Conlan, on the
charge of grand larceny, in $500 bonds
each. December 10 they got D. M. Gloster
of Sierra Valley into a saloon and he lost
$61.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
January reductions before stocktaking. , *e take stock Saturday;
to-day we start cleaning out all that remains of our
choice millinery stock : over 800 untrimmed felt
shapes shall go out for a quarter each
rJffißzh reduced fo p reduced J|||L
t reduced P* reduced j£p|^L
41 imported untrimmed felt shapes will also be
*//•<,. ii 39 hats — velvet dress (^^^^S^v^'
hats and turbans — ' , '
cut from $6 to $3.50 and . cut from $5.50 to $3.00
extras :
100 doz. sheets, bleached. Blx9o inches, good muslin, 2-inch hem. each.. 4oc
50 doz. turkish towels, unbleached, 21x41 inches, each lie
1000 yds. bleached toweling. 16 inches wide, all linen 7c
2100 pillowcases, hemmed. 45x36. extra heavy muslin, 2-inch hem ..<»c
75 pair 10-4 gray cotton blankets lltoc
2100 yds. all-wool cheviots, three styles, plaids, 36 inches wide — ."»«•
117 ladies' heavy winter wear boucle jackets #75
16 choice all-wool cheviot suits, latest in cut, perfect in- fit .$lO
send your orders in at once for out-of-ihe-city trade.
Frisco's greatest mail order house.
937 to 947 Market St.
OFFICIAL CHANGES
IN POLICE COUHTS
NEW PROSECUTING ATTORNEYS
AND CLERKS TAKE OFFICE.
Complimentary Remarks Passed on
Some of the Incumbents and
Their Predecessors.
The Police Court officials appointed by
the Board of Supervisors assumed their
respective duties yesterday morning, and
the old hands gave way to the new.
In Judge Slogan's court Prosecuting At
torney Spinetti introduced his successor,
ex-Judge Joachimsen, in a few well
chosen and complimentary words. Judge
Alogan added his quota of praise and the
new prosecuting attorney returned
thanks. Sam Kohlman, clerk of the
court, and "Warrant Clerk Mann gave way
to Fred Conway and Julius Pundt re
spectively, but nut before Judge Mogan
had paid Kohlman a well-deserved com
pliment.
Ex-Judge Low assumed the duties of
prosecuting attorney in Judge Conlan'a
court without tlie lurmality of an intro
duction, as his predecessor was not pres
ent to give him the glad hand. Harry
Kivers haiwled over the position of clerk
of the court to his successor, John P.
Rice, and .Warrant Clerk Hogan, who hag
many friends, retired in favor ot R. E. H.
Lyons.
Q. A. Wentworth was introduced as
prosecuting attorney in Judge Grahams
court by Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
Drury, "who said he had known him for
years and was satisfied he would dis
charge the duties satisfactorily. Went
worth made an appropriate reply. War
rant Clerk Drury; who has made a host
of friends by his genial and courteous
I manners, and'able discharge of his duties,
I retired in favor of W. J. Attridge, and
Clerk of the Court Hayes in favor of
Thomas Kelly.
Before introducing his successor, Prose-
I outing. Attorney Reynolds of No. 4 court
I took occasion to thank the court, the
court officials and the press for courtesies
extended to him for the past two years.
L G. Carpenter, his successor, remarked
that he had always not alon^ r well with
the officials in the department, and he
had no doubt that amicable relations
would exist in the future. Warrant Clerk
McGovem retired in favor of Bert Wren
i and Clerk of the Court Haskins in favor
iof James McQuade. Judge Treadwell was
i sick, and Justice of the Peace Barry occu
pied the bench.
SAY RAFFAEL IS TRUE.
Friends Claim That the Singer Has
Not Deserted His Wife.
In spite of the rumors floating around
town concerning Jack Raffael am! his al
leged desertion of his wjfe and child, the
friends of the Jackson family strenuously
deny the story.
They claim that Mr. Raffael's sojourn in
the East is compelled by the exigencies
or his profession, and that he is at pres
ent in Philadelphia, a member of the
Stock well Opera Company. Mrs. Raffaol,
it is asserted, la in constani communica
tion with him and proposes to join him just
as soon as her condition yriU allow her to
bear the fatigue of an Eastern journey.
A Soldier's Mascot.
Albert Lang, a boy 14 years of age, was
taken to the City Prison yesterday by
Officer Coleman of the Pacific Coast So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
j Children. The boy's parents have
i been divorced and he has been running
wild. Two months ago be wds adopted
by Company B. Eighth California Regi
ment, at the Presidio, as its mascot and
he was supplied with a uniform. He will
be sent to a family in Petaluma. who will
adopt him. He is a bright boy.
Account Ordered Settled.
The fouith accoant of the executors of
the estate of the late James G. Fair was
ordered settled by Judge Troutt yester
day. In the account ordered settled it is
set forth that between the period from
May 17 to November 16. IS9.S, the receipts
amounted to $. r <54.639 9S. expenditnres $455,
--675 IW, leaving a balance on hand of $98,
--964 E9.
3-DAY SPECIALS!
Our Thursday. Friday and Saturday price
cutting this week will be in the drinking
line and our prices will show that we spll
the best quality of goods cheaper than any
other house in the city.
TEA, 6 varieties, lb 40c
Fresh and fragrant— crop— regular
price 60c.
COFFEE, IXL. blend, lb. 20c
A choice coffee— roasted . or ground— regular
; price 30c. '
WHISKEY, bot. 75c,- gallon $3
This is the celebrated E.' C. Berry Spring
'90— regular price $l"and $4. ...
CIDER, gallon.. \ :• ... • • : • • 40c
Motfs delicious New York, the pure juice
: of the apple; regular_price 50c.
IDEAL, COFFEE F»OTS.
a '■■!.• Prices cut
' j^^x -From ;To
\V 5 pints 1 3T. ' 95
V\ H^aS^lgf Jjl 7 pints.... 150 110
V* % wiffljWW m . 9 pints.... 175 125
■ \ " BtiWl These are beautiful nick-
l! '^J^Hs? el Pin ted Coffee Pots, re-
fto«!^**Bfe <iuirinn less i-nffce than
' E33in^ffijH any "'hers, and are tha
only" ones made on strict-
ly scientific principles.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. • Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
CASH OR LITTLE- AT- : . B
ROLLER-TOP DESK I
And Revolving Chair. f I
The Set This Week— sls. |
Is there . any excuse now for ■ a busi- E
ness man being .without a desk when H
our price and terms are low enough I
for the poorest? . ««»» mi
The Roller-Top Desk is of oak-pol- H
ished. Chair is of oak— high-back and 9
arms (to seat. The combination, if fi
bought this week $IS.OO H
THE J. NOON AN I
FURNITURE CO.. Inc. / : If
1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth. H
Phone South 14. Open Evenings. B
\ - -
4^^|p&g RUPTURE.
Vjsi£iJLy^'JSS& USE NO MOKE IRON
MH|^a^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
JP-^^Se&Hßr^^ Rupture retained with eas»
H-^*^^PV^ ar "' comfort, and thousands radl-
B SMS* • calI >' CURED by DR. PIERCES
IV /Ml Magnetic Elastic Truss. £7" Call at
Vi£r office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC. TRUSS CO.. '
€20 Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel." San Franclic«.