VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 40.
HERRIN COMES TO BURNS'
AID AT A CRITICAL TIME
The Southern Pacific Company and "Mexican Dan"
Sell A. L. Hart a Gold Brick and
Prevent an Expose.
Fearing Public Odium for an Act of Ingratitude the Senatorial Aspirant Betrays
the Ex-Attorney General and Cheats Him Ont of
a Debt of Honor.
THE lobbies of the hotels were busy
scenes yesterday, when the State leg
islators gathered after their first
week of work at Sacramento to dis
:•■ cuss what had been done and what may
• he done in the next few days. As a
matter of course, the Senatorial question
-.Was the central, absorbing topic of con
■ versation. The legislators have brought
' With them from the capital a story of
• .-'the Senatorial campaign that certainly Is
. as Interesting and perhaps as important
-* as : any that the candidacy of D. M.
Burns has provoked. The personality
and career of Dan Burns do not present
" ■a. character study that decent people
• care to inspect, except from necessity.
:. For the sake. of public decency the man
;' and his methods would be left in obscur
ity were it not that this knavish politl
" '.clan of evil talents aspires to a pos.tion
'.that would make him a menace to Cali
fornia and its welfare.
7 The arrogant pretentions of Dan Burns
have revealed him in many guises, but
■•". the whole story of his dishonorable life
has not yet been told. His notorious un
fitness for public office has been demon
•'" strated. He left the office of Secretary
'of State only to cheat the penitentiary
after a desperately fought battle for
freedom. He entered the lobby at Sacra
mento and made no attempt to disguise
. his Shameless endeavors to prostitute
• the honor of State officers. He preyed
. upon society, and became a leader of the
.-.dangerous class of men who thrive by
.-'bribery of legislators and corrupting
. courts. From Sacramento Dan Burns
came to this city to enter the Police Com
'" mission and lend the protecting shadow
• o£ his evil influence to gamblers, black
'" legs .and thieves. He surrounded himself
with political anU social outcasts, and
upon their shoulders he seeks to lift him
" self to a public office where his danger
ous Influence may be more potent. This
'. is the public vrecord upon which he bases
his" aspirat ,Sns. Discredited in the
. State, dishonored : i the city, ne seeks to
*. add disgrace to his record and shame to
• .. California in the nation.
In private life this man. who demands
a Tight to represent over a million people
• in the councils of the nation, cheated, de
ceived and robbed his friends. Those that
were closest to him felt soonest the sting
.• of his ingratitude and the blow of his
. moral baseness. In him cunning has been
a substitute .for cleverness, and when his
;.. debts of gratitude have not been paid in
; slander the obligations have been satis
fied -by a recourse to the very courts he
•cheated of their dues.
It was' this remarkable phase of the
.. character of Dan Burns that State leeis
. lators discussed yesterday with disgust.
In. his eager grasping for a position that
.he. would dishonor Dan Burns has befud
dled and cheated the man who saved him
from, the penitentiary and the shame of
a convict. In this instance the cunning
of Burns was not equal to the task, and
. the fox-brain of W. F. Herrin was pressed
. ' into service. The emergency was one that
'tferrianded immediate action, and this per
•haps is fortunate, for it shows beyond
*• the shadow of a doubt that the Southern
Pacific Company, which chose Dan Burns
as. '.the manager of Henry T. Gage, is
. uping All Its Influence, including that rep
- relented in Gage, to place Dan Burns In
the United States Senate.
-Legislators know now that Burns is ut
The San Francisco Call.
terly destitute of a feeling of gratitude and
will violate his most sacred word. The
public knows that the Southern Pacific
Company wishes to bestow the l.lgheßt
honor in the State upon a gambler, lob
byist and cunning politician, who pos
sesses neither a virtue nor a talent that
men respect.
The Incident which has revealed this
new phase in the character of Burns arose
out of the suit instituted by A. L. Hart,
ex-Attorney General of the State, against
the Senatorial aspirant. It will be re
membered that Hart sued Burns for $z5,
--000, the estimated value of Hart's ser
vices for keeping Burns out of the State
penitentiary. Hart was Burns' attorney
during all the days that were dark for
Burns. The friends and companions of
"Mexican Dan" had deserted him after
his term as Secretary of State had ex
pired, and the finger of shame and dis
honor was pointing at him as at a public
thief. Accused of embezzlement, friend
less, moneyless and powerless even in his
crafty cunning, he had no one to assist
him except A. L. Hart.
Profuse in promise If not In perform
ance, the tongue of Burns wagged in
gratitude. There was nothing that he
would not promise to do for the man
who had come so timely to his aid. Hart
was loyal and fought without prospect of
reward. His was an act of friendship, he
thought, and of mercy. He defended
Burns against the charge of embezzle
ment, and the artifices of the lawyer suc
ceeded In acquitting the crafty ex-Sec
retary of State. Eleven other charges
were dismissed, and Burns, through the
mercy and ability of his friend, was be
yond the shadow cf a convict's cell. But-
Hart did not rest even here. He fought
his client's skirts free from civil liabil
ity as far as he could, and then Burns
went his way to worm himself into the
confidence of another benefactor and coll
himself about another man until he had
stung him to death.
Hart rested In the assurance that he
had been more than loyal to a friend,
who some day would be able to make
some compensation for the immeasurable
service that had been rendered. The day
I came when Burns was able to repay
! something of what he had received. • But
I he had forgotten his promises. They had
vanished with the vision of prison walls.
He laughed at Hart for asking payment
J of a fee for a service so long past. The
i statute of limitations had operated and
Mr. Burns saw no reason why he should
! be called to account except by the strict
1 letter of the law. He would give Hart
i his gratitude, but not his money.
Hart was stung by this gross ingrati
tude. Even If the statute of limitations
had operated there is no such statute ln
a moral obligation. Hart determined to
take action and filed a suit in the Supe
rior Court for $25,000. If nothing else
could be done the baseness of Burns could
be exposed. Burns received the suit with
the same insolent unconcern that he out-
rages public decency with an exhibition
of his aspirations.
It was not until Hart declared that he
would go to Sacramento and use every
endeavor to defeat Burns in his Sena
torial canvass that "Mexican Dan" felt
the lash. He cared nothing for his moral
obligation, as he uses friends as horse
men do animals. But he dreaded the expose
of his baseness, and he determined not to
pay his friend, but to cheat him. His
plan, concocted by himself and his ally,
Herrin, has thus far succeeded. Hart has
remained away from Sacramento and is
nursing himself with a vain hope that he
has forced from Burns what should have
been gladly given in gratitude. Hart is
feasting his eyes upon the glitter of a
gold brick. Burns has added deception
to Ingratitude, and the politicians are
chuckling over "Mexican Dan's" latest
exhibition of cunning.
When Hart instituted his suit he ap
pealed to Judge Belcher for an order au
thorizing that the deposition of D. M.
Burns be taken. The blood of his Honor
Is said to boil upon occasions, but when
Hart asked for the order his Honor's
blood was some where near the freezing
point. The order was not granted. Hart
did not despair. He found another Judge
of the Superior Court who granted the
order and then the fun began. Hart
could not be dissuaded from his purpose.
He was determined to press the suit and
let Burns shoulder the deserved odium of
his base ingratitude.
Burns was frantic. He sought council
where he knew he would receive it. The
next day Hart was astounded to receive
from the law department of the Southern
Pacific a request that the suit against
Burns be not pressed as there was every
reason to believe that a compromise could
be made. Hart was perplexed. He knew
that the law department of the Southern
Pacific Company Is William F. Herrin.
But Hart could not understand how the
Southern Pacific Company had so quick
ly learned of his suit, and having learned
had so quickly come to the assistance of
D. M. Burns. Mr. Hart, in that particu
lar, Is wiser now, although his gold
brick still gleams blendingly in his eyes.
Herrin and Burns, as a combination, are
rather too much for him.
Incidents came thick and fast after the
message from the Southern Pacific Com
pany. On the following day Hart received
a visit from J. B. Wright, division super
intendent of the Southern Pacific at Sac
ramento. Having lived at Sacramento
Hart knows Wright. The division super
intendent was not long in stating his mis
sion. To the surprise of Hart the visitor
came in reference to the suit against
Burns. It was evident that the Southern
Pacific Company was doing all in its
power to prevent Hart from taking any
action until after the . Senatorial election
bad been settled.
Wright made this very plain when he
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
suggested that a compromise be made. '
He was sure that a settlement could be j
agreed upon and that both sides would ■
be satisfied. Hart replied that a settle- !
ment was all he asked and that was just |
what he could not secure. Wright reas- i
sured him and urged that a mutual friend
of Burns and Hart be selected to arbitrate j
the matter fairly to both. At this point I
and with a promise on Hart's part to con- 1
sider the matter, the affair rested for a
day. Hart had caught his first glimpse
of the gold brick and the Southern Pacific
was clearing another obstacle from the
path of its Senatorial favorite.
It was not long before Burns himself
EL DORADO REPUBLICANS
ARE OPPOSED TO BURNS.
The shouters lor D. M. Burns have claimed Assemblyman Raw of El
Dorado County as one of the adherents of the man from Mexico. This
Is the manner in which the Republicans of El Dorado have instructed
their representative at Sacramento to vote:
PLACERVILLE. Jan. B.— At a meeting of the
County Central Committee of this county, held
in this city yesterday, the following resolution
was passed: : * : -*-■.:.^->v- -.>,,. y.y ..
WHEREAS, We, the undersigned, members of
the Republican County Committee of El Dorado
County, have ascertained that the sentiment of
Republican voters generally throughout said
county is opposed to the candidacy of D. M.
Burns for United States Senator ; therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That, in view of such sentiment
and our own opinions as representatives of
the Republican party of this county, we earn
estly advise and petition Hon. R. S. Raw, as
Assemblyman from said El Dorado County, not
to cast his vote for the election of D. M. Burns
for United States Senator.
Charles A. Swisler (chairman), George A.
Richardson (secretary), Thomas Clark, John F.
Armstrong, W. W. Hoyt, F. B. Shepherd, W. C.
Green, H. A. Harper.
called upon Hart to discuss the suit and
• its consequences. Hart congratulated
: himself that fear had wrested from Burns
what gratitude would not give. The at
-1 torney did not know with whom he was
dealing. Burns came to cheat, not to
pay. He came to silence the expose of
his own meanness, not to satisfy an 0u..
--gatlon which, to an honorable man, would
have been sacred.
Burns suggested that the fairest and
! quickest method of settlement would be
I through the arbitration of some mutual
friend. To a fair man the proposition was
; fair, and Hart took kindly to It. Burns
declared that arbitration would prevent
all friction and an unnecessary exhibition
of feeling on both sides. Hart agreed,
and Burns made the remarkable sugges
tion that J. B. Wright be chosen as the
arbitrator. The connection and collusion
between Burns and the Southern Pacinc
Company was complete, but Hart's eyes
were dazzled by the glint of the gold
brick He accepted the terms and the ar
bitrator.
Both sides formally stipulated to leave
the whole matter to the decision of J. B.
Wright. This meant, of course, the set
tlement of the suit. Hart agreed to ac
cept whatsoever Wright decided belonged
to him. Wright may or may not decide
that Hart was entitled to anything. What
ever the amount may be Hart must abide
by his decision. •
But Burns did not stop even here. He
I exacted from Hart, as one of the terms
lof the stipulation, a concession that
Wright shall not submit his report until
; the 27th day of this month. Hart agreed
' to this and in his agreement gave Burns
just what the wily schemer and his ally,
the Southern Pacific Company, sought.
The Senatorial contest will, in all proba
; bility, be political history before the 27th
| day of this month. Burns will not care
i then what Hart does. The element of fear
i will have disappeared, and that of cun
'< ning and, ingratitude will remain. Now
j Hart is In a position to inflict injury and
! punishment, but then he will be powerless
'to do either. He will have his gold brick,
I and Burns will have the record of another
i triumph that has made him despicable
' in the eyes of the public and contempti
j ble in the view of his friends.
ANGELENOS
HOT AFTER
OFFICE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. B.— The influx of people
from Los Angeles who expect to hold of
fice under the Gage administration con
tinues unabated. If it keeps up for the
next ten days as it has for the past ten.
and every man who arrives in Sacramento
hailing from the southern metropolis is
given a place, the 3800 positions directly
and indirectly at the disposal of the
Governor in the various State institu
tions and coming under the head of State
patronage will be fairly well taken up. .
D. "W. Field came in to-night from Los
Angeles and added his name. to the roll
of Los Angeles applicants for a seat at
the pie counter. He is only about one of
a hundred. Thus far all of the Gov
ernor's appointments are from the imme
diate precincts of his own law office, and
it is understood that he Is not yet done.
"When he completes the list from his law
office, and there is but one name left,
then some of the others of the Los An
geles contingent are hoping that he will
give their claims consideration. Until
then they realize that it Is useless for
them to expect anything of the Governor,
and they are therefore quietly waiting
for the executive to make the final ap
pointment which will place every man
who had any connection with Mr. Gage a
law business down south.
CHARTER
WILL BE
APPROVED
Representatives From the
City Are Assured of
Its Passage.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. B.— Mayor James D. Phe
lan. Joseph Britton and Colonel E. A.
Denicke have had a busy day in Sacra
mento. They came here this morning as
a special committee to Investigate the
rumors that have been printed and given
circulation during the last few days to
the effect that some mysterious opposition
to the ratification of the new San Fran
cisco charter had been developed, and
that there was an excellent prospect of
defeating it.
Mayor Phelan, Mr. Britton and Colonel
Denicke called upon Major McLaughlin,
as chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, and upon Governor Gage,
to ascertain from them whether or not
they proposed to place any bowlders in
the way of securing approval of the
c_i9.rtcr
° Both "the major and the Governor as
sured the San Francisco committee that
their party was pledged to secure legis
lative ratification of the Instrument, and
that they would do all in their power to
aid in carrying out the pledge of the
party.
The meeting between the committee,
the Governor and the major was a pleas
ant affair, and Mayor Phelan, as well as
Mr. Britton nd Colonel Denicke, felt per
fectly satisfied with the assurances they
received.
During the course of the day the com
mittee Interviewed a number of the more
prominent members of the Senate and
Assembly, and in no case could they un
cover any opposition to the charter save
in the San Francisco delegation.
"I find that all of these stories about a
fight against the charter originate with
Martin Kelly and the gang that follow
him," said Mayor Phelan this afternoon.
"There is absolutely no cause for any
alarm among the friends of the charter.
Kelly is trying to work up opposition, but
he is making poor headway.
"Of course, there are some members of
the San Francisco delegation, acting un
der his orders, who will oppose the char
ter: hut they will not be strong enough
; either in numbers or Influence to accom
[ plish anything.
"The assurances the committee re
ceived from Major McLaughlin and Gov
ernor Gage were highly gratifying to us.
They both promptly gave us to under
stand that they would in no way give
any encouragement or support to the
'■ opponents of the charter. Martin Kelly
is powerless to defeat It. You can put it
' down that the charter is going to se-
I cure legislative approval, and all these
! stories of any substantial opposition to
i It are purely mythical."
The Mayor left for San Francisco this
| evening. 7 '7?
WITHERING BLAST FOR
MEXICAN REFUGEE BURNS
Rev. H. S. Brush of Alameda Declares the Crime
of the Century Is Proposed by Politicians
'..'■' Now at the State Capital.
The Senatorial Aspirant Represents Nothing but That of Which Honest Citizens
Are Ashamed, and the Situation Makes Patriots Blush"-Calls
Burns a Pickpocket Politician.
THE proposition to elect that vam
pire Burns as United States Sen
ator from California shows the
unspeakable gall of certain politi
cians in this State."
So spoke Rev. S. H. Brush, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church of Ala
meda, to his many parishioners yester
day morning. One could have heard a
pin drop in the large auditorium as the
preacher, in clear-cut, well-chosen
sentences, proceeded to make the fol
lowing statement:
"I wish to announce before begin
ning my sermon this morning that I
shall to-night speak in this church
on a topic which has never be
fore been handled from this pulpit, at
least, since I have been the minister.
It Is my intention to deliver an ad
dress on political affairs in California.
"The greatest crime of the century
! is now proposed by pothouse politi
! cians in this State. They would elect
i that jailbird, Dan Burns, to a seat
in the United States Senate. Such an
! act would be an unspeakable out
■ rage upon the people and should be
combated by all honorable men, by
every rightful means in their power.
"My ancestors were Americans and
fought for liberty in the Revolutionary
War. This, my country, 13 dear to me.
and I, as a preacher, feel that I am
called ; upon .to .fight when, anything
menaces its welfare.*
"The proposition to elect that
vampire Burns, that pickpocket poli
tician of San Francisco, United States
Senator from California, shows the
unspeakable gall of certain poli
ticians in this State. The voice of
protest should be raised on every
hand. Come to-night and bring all
of your friends to the church."
This Invitation, scattered broadcast
over Alameda during the day, had the
effect of bringing together an ab
normally large audience at the time of
evening service.
The pastor prayed for divine help to
deliver the country from internal perils,
and then launched directly into his
discourse against Dan Burns, using as
a text the following verse from Scrip
ture:
"As a roaring lion and a raging bear;
so is a wicked ruler over the poor peo
ple."Prov. xxviii:ls.
"Never before in the history of this
Republic was there a greater necessity
for sending picked men to Congress
than at the present time. No more
important questions ever came before
this country than are to be precipitated
in the House of Representatives and the
Senate in the next few years. The war
with Spain has opened up problems of
administration whose solution will re
quire the best talent and the noblest
virtue of which this country is pos
sessed.
"In the new policy of our country Cali
fornia has a peculiar Interest. No other
single State has so much at stake. To
no other State does the acquisition of
Hawaii and the Philippines mean what
it does to the Pacific Coast. The coun
try has been congratulating Itself upon
the happy issue of the war and has
shared in a widespread and universal
admiration for our war heroes. Better
men and more capable were never,
drawn upon the stage of action.
"And now look! On the heels of these
new and unprecedented events Involv
ing additional glory to our American
name and arms, we in California are
confronted with the most astonishing
piece of effrontery that has ever dis
graced the politics of our land. It is
safe to say that never before in the his
tory of the United States was it ever
s i lously proposed to elect to the Senate
a man of the standing and antecedents
of Dan Burns.
"■"•Previous to the convening of the
Legislature men all over the State
ridiculed the idea that there was any
serious purpose to further his can
didacy. But the mask has been
thrown off and all good citizens do
not know which is the greatest, their
surprise or their disgust.
"California has none too savory a
record ln matters political. But never
before even in this State was such a
man a serious possibility for such an
offlce. Of course, there have been men
who were the tools of corporations, but
they have had some qualifications, even
if they had disqualifications. What does
this man Burns represent? Does he
stand for the commercial or the manu
facturing or the farming Interests of
this State? Why has he been selected?
"A Senator should be a representa
tive man. What does he representP
Nothing save that of which honest
and decent citizens are ashamed. He
stands for the chicanery and skul
duggery, the polluted politics of a
large city.
"Everybody knows what he repre
sents. There are even good citizens who
will say that in practical politics such
creatures are a necessity, but these men
will say also that it is incredible that
such a creature should, aspire to be a
Senator, or that any men could be
found who would favor his election.
"Look at the record of the United
States Senate. It has stood for a cen
tury as the pride and glory of the na
tion. In it have spoken and worked the
greatest of our American statesmen.
There have at times been unworthy
members. But never in the history of
that body was a man elected who was
without reputable standing at the time
of his election. It has been charged in
recent years that the Senate represents
too closely the rich men of the land.
"But Burns has not even wealth
to commend him, save his large sal
ary derived from dirty politics and
an income from a mine that he is un
der indictment for stealing.
"He does not represent the wealth of
California. It is certainly desirable
that the wealth of our country should
be represented In legislative bodies.
The curse of our State legislatures is
that men go into them in order to bleed
the rich. Let the man of property go
there and look after his own interests
and not pay a large sum in hush money
to be protected from practical robbery.
"The principal criticism of the United
States Senate has been that the mem
bers do not feel sufficiently their re
sponsibility to the people and many
now favor the selection of Senators by
popular ballot. It is questionable if
Burns could poll a thousand votes in
this State for Senator. His name has
twice already brought defeat to the Re
publican party.
"Every man that works and votes
for him at Sacramento gets paid for
it. . Yet already the Chief Executive
of this State, just honored with a
large majority of votes, has made a
threat as to patronage that means a
sop to Burns. The action of Gover
nor Gage in this matter is astound
ing and a lasting disgrace to the
State of California.
"The mere rehearsal of the situation
makes all true patriots blush. But we
do not propose to hang our heads, but
to raise them up and fight for de
cency and honor.
"Certain men, in order to cover up
this atrocious scandal, tell us that
the great dailies. The Call and the
Chronicle, that are making this fight
against Burns, are acting from inter
ested motives. Very well. We are
glad there are editors in California
whose intersts are opposed to pot
house politicians like this creature
Burns. What amazes me is that the
Southern Pacific corporation, which
is unquestionably back of him, can
not see the same thing, namely, that
it is to its interest also that Burns be
not elected.
"This company has been very severe
ly criticised ln the past. Many good
people have not known what to believe
or how much to believe. But if this
corporation favors this man's election,
then it is not difficult to believe any
thing said about It. By standing for
Burns is will array against Itself the
strong and even bitter hostility of the
people of this whole State.
"Mr. Huntington himself cannot be
charged with a lack of brains. I under
stand that he is a vestryman in an
Episcopal church in New York City.
He knows just as well as I do what
kind of men should . go to the United
States Senate. He knows just as well
as I do that a corporation like his can
accomplish many of its ends if some re
gard is shown for outward respect
ability. Positively the company can
not do anything that would hurt itself
more in this State than to stand as
sponsor for Burns.
"So it is not the great dailies alone
whose self-interest is in the direction
of his defeat. The whole State has a
self-interest in the same thing.
There is scarcely anything this State
could do that would so injure it in
tlie eyes of the East as just such a
political crime as is proposed.
"It is true other men have served the
Southern Pacific only too well in public
offices, but they were men whom the
world could at least respect for soma
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
useful talents. They were men of edu
cation and ideas men of standing in
the world.
"It is not to the interests of the
Republican party that Burns be elect
ed. Pure selfishness would dictate his
defeat. The only ones to be benefited
that I have heard of are the Demo
crats, who are chuckling over the
possibility of the Republican* mak
ing such fools of themselves.
"Are there any Democrats here to
night? Well, my dear fellow citizens, I
am willing myself that you should have
any office, or that your party should,
but do spare us the humiliation and
outrage of getting into offlce by the
Burns route. It makes all good men
sick. I hope that our Republican mem
bers of the Legislature will vote for a
Democrat before they vote for such a
man. And what, anyway, has true Re
publicanism to do with Dan Burns'
candidacy? Did he ever in his life give
utterance to a word that anybody
would care to hear upon any question
of policy of the Republican party?"
"He is a Republican for the same rea
son that a Mexican In New Mexico is
a Republican — he makes his living by
it. I was raised a Republican. As a
speaker from this pulpit, however, I
have no politics. I should be glad to
see a good Democrat a Senator rather
than a weak Republican; and a thous
and times rather than a disreputable
Republican.
"Whoever is elected let us have a
decent man of reputable life, and not
a political strumpet who makes his
living by and grows fat on the pros
titution of the politics of a great city.
"There may be those who call ln
question the propriety of a minister's
thus speaking. Perhaps there are, but
they do not belong to this church. I
know the men in this church too well.
It is singular how some men who are
not shocked at the candidacy of a man
like Burns, are shocked when a minis
ter speaks out for clean government
and clean men in office. This Is a gov
ernment of the people as well as for the
people. When I took my ordination
vows I did not lay aside ray obligations
to my country. I love my country and
I am proud of her history and of her
great men. I believe in California and
Its future. Being thus a patriot and a
citizen of this State, I protest against
my being represented in the United
States Senate by a vampire such as
Burns. He represents nothing that T
cherish, or that is cherished by this
audience. His election would be a trav
esty on good government. The very
proposition to elect him Is an insult to
the whole State. His one and sole quali
fication is that he is the boss pickpocket
politician of San Francisco. His can
didacy Is possible because there Is far
too little public opinion in this State.
He and his ilk have come to think that
they can do anything and the people
will keep silent.
"Our plain duty, then, yours and
mine, is to form public opinion; is to
express our views in every legitimate
way and to use every possible influ
ence in favor of good government
and as against a monstrous political
crime like this. The future promises
great things for America, but if the
people choose leaders like Burns, rot
tenness and ruin will eventually
come to pass."2
BURNS PLAYS A
DESPERATE GAME
By His Tactics He Shows to the
World the Weakness of
His Cause.
From Daylight Until Far Into the Night His Adhe
rents Are Abroad Spending His Money and
Shouting That the Fight Is Over.
• CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. B.— lt has been a day of
big guessing among those who are up
here playing the Senatorial game.
Since early morning * there has been a
perceptible change in the political atmos
phere, and 'just what has come* out of it
has been . bothering the gamesters. To
night the tateis out and Dan Burns has
thrown down the hand he has been bluff
ing on' in the sight of every one who cares
to see. Tine weakness of his cause and
the desperate fight he has inaugurated to
bolster it up have both become apparent
in the very measures he has taken to ef
fect them.
J From * almost daybreak his adherents
have been abroad in The town declaring
In the barrooms and brawling from the
street corners That their fight is over and
their oause won, and money ' is being
spent as though the profits of Burns'
election as * United States Senator were
already, coming in. It has been a gay
night, such a one as in the good old times
when it was a new thing to buy one's
way into the United States Senate, and
whisky and more expensive beverages
the one and only method of Ingratiating
one's self Into the good. graces of the man
Who had the vote.
Burns' latest scheme was begun on Sat
urday night. Friday evening most of his
heelers were ordered to San Francisco, as
it was expected that the scene of the light
would center there for the two or three
days before Tuesday's session. Dan and
two* or - three of his ' trusted lieutenants
tarried behind and on Saturday morning
discovered that they bad miscalculated
on the number of legislators who were
bound for San Francisco, and in the
afternoon sent telegrams to the gang to
get back with as little loss of time as
steam and Herrin's passes world permit.
The 11 o'clock train Saturday evening saw
the whole unsavory mob back in the Gold
en Eagle office, and General Barnes and
his forces, taking the alarm, followed on
the next" train.
Time had" been lost and Burns, Mc-
Laughlin and Herrin's representatives
met at the colonel's headquarters to de
cide npon a policy of future procedure
and out of that meeting evolved the gen
eral hurrah that has been on during the
day. A campaign of confidence. and boose
was decided upon and the word went out.
A campaign of confidence and booze It
has been. The heelers and grafters that
make up the crowd were given an initial
grab into the sack and they have lost
po time. Through the same source
through which his money has been Sow
ing Burns started the statement that he
and those of his henchmen, who have
money to burn, were so confident of their
tight "that they would cover almost any
thing offered in the line of a bet. Major
McLaughlin was advertised as being the
proud possessor of a cold $20,000, all of
which he would be more than happy to
lay on his good friend, the colonel, but
investigation and an Interview with the
major dispelled that roseate illusion.
Giant heard the news of Burns' antici
patory success, and quietly announced
that any betting money -to the extent of
$50,000 it would be his privilege and pleas
ure to Cover. This had its effect, and
betting talk was stowed for the balance
of the day. .
Every method that a desperate man
turns to ln his political misery Dan Bur/is
Is resorting to. To augment the crowd of
petty politicians with which he *ias been
making his light, he has called In the
services of Sam Rainey. That astute
statesman of odorous history got into
town this evening. Morris M. Bstee has
also been Impressed, and is on the spot
With the -est, though in Mr. Estee'3
favor be it said that it is not a matter
of taste, but of political and other in
debtedness . that forces his association
With the gang.
To-night, . acting under direct orders
from Herrin, Assemblyman Cobb, chair
man of the San Francisco delegation;
Assemblyman Arnerich of Santa Clara
and Assemblyman Kelsey of the same
county, have openly declared that not
only their influence but their votes as
well are the property of Burns. Their
advertisement of the fact that they have
donned the striped livery is proving of
no political value because of their well
known affiliations. Cobb of San Fran
*ciseo has, since he first began the prac
tice of -law in that city, been a favored
tool and abject slave of the Southern
Pacific, and to Herrin he owes his nomi
nation and election. For the clever work
he has done for that arch bungler .11
petty politics In San Francisco he was
made chairman of the San Francisco
delegation before it left the city for the
capital, and as such he is just now under
orders to throw his Influence into the
Burns fight, even at the cost of his repu
tation.
Arnerich of Santa Clara was sent to the
Legislature of '97 by, and acknowledged
the same boss who rules Cobb with an
Iron hand, but unlike the San Franciscan,
his value is limited to his vote. His ca
pacity runs rather to physical than men
tal and political attainments and in both
fights, he has made for the Legislature the
railroad has not only been forced to pro
vide him with the nomination, but the
votes to win out with as well. K> V is
avowedly a * creature of Herrin's "and
makes no bones of It. He is out for the
railroad or anything else that will keep
him working, and he did not hesitate to
declare for Burns when the order came.
Since they donned the Burns collar this
= afternoon the trio have been loud in their
declarations, and all of the capital that
can be is being coined out of It. Cobb is
claiming for Burns forty-four other votes
besides his own when the time comes to
spring them, and others of the gang are
setting up the same figure, but they are
also giving It out. that they do not pro
pose to show their real strength on the
first ballo.t, nor, for that matter, on the
second. Burns, they say, will get from
twenty-seven to thirty on the first show
ing, and possibly no more on the second.
It is quietly hinted that Burns' real
strength lies in those votes which have
come pledged to certain candidates, and
that they will be allowed the first two
ballots to discharge their obligations to
their constituents. After that, though,
they will go Burns to the extent of forty
five for a certainty, possibly more. It's a
well conceived story and has but the one
drawback that It is not so. Burns can
not muster over thirty votes at any stage
of the game, and in the hope of creating
a stampede to his standard after the sec
ond: ballot he Is putting up this latest
c fake to create the impression that he has
enough strength in reserve and that there
■frs a chance even at the eleventh hour for
. those who have not tied up to get in out
of the wet.
The nairn made by Burns with the ag
giegate c'aims of his opponents- foot up
just two more votes than can be east on
Joint ballot. Grant claims 35, Barnes IT
'Bulla 10 end Knight 4. a total of 122*
The moat conservative figures made by
those who are on the Inside place Burns'
actual strength at 27. Grant ' 30, Barnes
Pears'
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
19, Bulla 11 and Knight 4, a total of 77,
which leaves 8 Republican votes on joint
billot signed to any of the Sena
torial cand'dates.
Though the Burns people are- scoffing
at Grant':", pretensions to a vote of 33,
the sou of hi« father is confident that he
is high man in the fight, and in this happy
idea he is rivaled by Bulla, Who Is mouth
ing no claims, but. quietly receiving his
friends and' directing his 'lieutenants
from his quarters at the Eagle.
To-day his prospects have been made a
part of burlesque conducted by the Burns
gang. They have claimed ln the most
confidential manner that Bulla has been
the easiest proposition they had to go up
against, and, that he will last only until
the Burns forces are called out after the
second ballot. The same boasts have been
made in Grant's case, and a general at
tempt has been made to create the Im
pression that there is no name of mighty
Daniel worth considering. The gang has
been out in all its unlovely strength, and
the fight that was mapped out for
them was to their liking. It was a cam
paign of the barrooms, and every grog
gery in town, whether it made pretensions
to respectability or not, has had its
quota of manipulators, well heeled with
good Burns cash to spend on every vote
or Influence that has wandered in for a
drink. They have been rounded up in the
streets and dragged from private quar
ters to partake of the Burns cheer and
become infused with the Burns enthusi
asm. It was the same old crowd; the
ward healers, pool room habitues, tender
lolners and worse, and they were in their
element. V ■"■'-
The one decent element infused into the
fight was Morris M. Estee and his unfor
tunate connection is so well known that
its influence is nullified. Politics make
strange bedfellows and Estee's personal
and political obligations to Mr. Burns are
his sufficient excuse.
Followers of Grant maintain that thir
ty-six votes will be east for the San Diego
statesman on the first ballot next Tues
day and that the advantage will be press
ed for another ballot with the expectation
that accessions will be registered as the
balloting goes on. Well-posted politicians,
who are not in the confidence of Grant,
Green and Brown, but who are familiar
with many members of the Legislature,
assert positively that Grant cannot tally
thirty-six votes on the first ballot. They
contend that he cannot line up more than
twenty. The paper containing thirty-six
names for Grant does not show thirty
six signatures. -r\t least two men whose
names are on the paper have declared to
close friends that they do not intend to
vote for Grant.
Milton S. Green, Grant's manager, said
that In his opinion there could be no
question of the legality of either house
taking as many ballots separately for
Senator as desired, and cited as a prece
dent the election of four years ago, when
George C. Perkins was elected.
"In the Senate," said Mr. Green, "three
ballots were taken on the first day, Mr.
Perkins receiving a majority on the third
ballot. With that precedent I do not
hesitate to say that either house can le
gally take as many ballots next Tuesday
as may be desired."
W. B. Cluff arrived in town this even
ing. He says that he does not come to
take an active part in the contest for
United States Senator, but that his sym
pathies are with Colonel Burns.
The belief has been entertained in many
quarters that Dan Burns would spring
Estee as a candidate when he perceived
the hopelessness of his own struggle for
the place. Estee asserts that he Is not
a candidate. He goes further and says
that if he were a candidate there would
be no chance of his success. Bstee, enter
taining' this view of the Senatorial situa
tion, proposes to make his sojourn in the
State capital quite brief.
TO CONTROL
GRANTS OF
FRANCHISES
Assemblyman Mead Will
Introduce a Bill Reg-
ulating Them.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, . Jan. Assemblyman Mead
will, within a few days, Introduce a bill
in the Assembly amendatory of the pres
ent law controlling the granting of fran
chises by Municipal and County Councils,
Boards of Supervisors, etc.
The present law provides that In the
granting of franchises save for steam
railroads, exclusively telegraph lines,
wharves and water-front privileges, there
shall be a provision whereby the individ
uals or corporation receiving the privi
lege shall bond themselves to pay to the
grantors a percentage of the gross income
received from the franchise, after the
fifth year of its existence.
This was a law Mr. Mead got through
at the last session, but after it had re
ceived the Governor's signature another
bill was passed and duly signed which
has been by some construed as repealing
the first act introduced by Mr. Mead.
Now Mr. Mead proposes to present a
bill which will provide that a cash consid
eration can be paid for the franchise and
! the percentage of the gross revenue de
rived from the granted franchise can be
j taken olf prior to the five-year limita
tion. He also has a clause in the new bill
which provides that the party obtaining
the franchise" shall furnish a certified
I check and not a bond to Insure the collec
tion of the percentage of the gross reve
nue that is given as a consideration for
the franchise.
Several street railroad franchises In
' Los Angeles are tied up awaiting action
by the Legislature on Mr. Mead's pro
posed bill.
. Councilman Toll of Una Angeles, who is
here as the chairman of the Committee
on Municipal Legislation of the Los An
geles City Council, has several rather
1 Important matters lie intends to have pre
sented to the Legislature in the form of
bills by either Assemblymen Conrey, Val
entine or Mead.
One is a measure providing that nui
| sanees in the f way of gravel pits, aban
doned oil wells and unseemly holes, can
be abated by the city and the expense of
I the abatement charged against the prop
; erty upon which the nuisance occurs.
It Is also proposed to change the street
Improvement law. so as to make the mini
mum street Improvement bond $25, Instead
of $50, as at. present. As ft is now a man
: owning a ""5-foot lot cannot have it im- i
proved under the bond act. The design Is !
!to ' bring the small property-owners, hay- i
; ; Ing under fifty feet of frontage, the
J provisions of the.law in order that he
may enjoy its benefits.:. A clause will also
i be added the bill protecting laborers
i and material men from- dishonest con
tractors who perform work under it.
Mr. Toll also has a bill which enlarges
the duties of certain county officials so
as to provide for the assessment and col
lection of taxes by' County Assessors and
Tax Collectors in certain cities in the
State. Los Angeles will be .one of the
j cities brought within the scope of the bill.
- Mr. Toll also has a measure amending
• the annexation election laws so that City
I Councils are not compelled to call an i
; annexation election upon the mere pre- i
sentation of a petition. It Is proposed
to leave the matter of calling the elec- !
tion at the option of the Council or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
Board of Supervisors to which it its sub
mitted.
PREACHER
SCORES
DAN BURNS
The Rev. Charles E. Locke, pastor of
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, took
for his text last night "Some Earthly
Hell." The eloquent divine spoke strongly
against the candidacy of D. M. Burns for
the honorable office of United States Sen
ator, saying It would be an everlasting
disgrace to send to that body a man
with such a record and such a character.
In part he said:
"It is appropriate for me to speak to
you in the discussion of this topic of the
political corruption, whose foul odors dis
gust good citizens in nearly every State in
our Union, and perhaps as much so in
.our own fair California as anywhere in
our country. A republic contemplates
that there shall be good and honorable
men to make and execute the laws. Our
forefathers never intended that a large
company of men should live on politics
and become professional politicians. The
bane of city and State governments to
day is this unscrupulous parasite who
gets his living at the public crib.
"Character and former record are not
consulted, but whoever, by fair or foul
means, can secure a 'pull' is elevated to
places of trust. 4 * Positions are bought and
sold as defiantly as In the corruptest days
of ancient Rome. t Franchises are stolen
and men grow rich out of the public
treasury. It can hardly be worse; as a
nation we are either to be speedily de
stroyed by this consuming cancer of po
litical corruption, or else, by one mighty
assertion of our manhood a.nd destiny,
we are to lift this deadly thing, with all
Its festering Influences, out of our body
politic.
"Perhaps never in the political history
of the Pacific Coast States has a greater
insult been inflicted upon the law-abiding
and honorable citizenship than in the
present proposal on the part of certain
aggressive and unscrupulous men to have
the State of California represented in the
most honorable body of our nation's
statesmen by a man devoid of those ele
ments of character which are understood
to be indispensable to true manhood. The
selection of such a man would put a pre
mium on lawlessness. It would discredit
our State throughout the world. It would
disparage the inculcation of highest ideals
for our youth and stultify every institu
tion in the State which seeks to advance
the moral condition of society.
"This pulpit would be criminally neg
ligent of Its duty if it did not speak out
DR. PARDEE IS NOT
A SENATORIAL CANDIDATE
OAKLAND, Jan. B.— Dr. Pardee Is not a candidate for United States
Senator, has not been a candidate and will not be an aspirant for that
high honor. Unable to wean itself from its habit of faking, which has
now become its second nature, the Examiner projected the Alamedan
into the Republican contest for the toga without his knowledge and
without the knowledge of any of his friends, and without absolutely any
other foundation than what existed In its fake-befuddled imagination.
In fairness to Dr. Pardee, it. must be stated that even if he had had
any intention to enter the lists at the Capital, the advocacy of his can
didacy by the Examiner would have served to prove an effectual de
terrent, as he fully realizes the terrible handicap under which he would
thus have been placed. From Sacramento comes a hint that the Exam
iner came out for Dr. Pardee ln a desperate effort to cover its support of
Dan Burns.
"I am not a candidate for United States Senator,"
said Dr. Pardee to-day, "and I have not the remotest
idea of becoming one. I have not done anything to lead
any one to suppose that I am a candidate, and there is
no movement on foot to make me one. The articles in
the Examiner are perfect surprises to me, and most de
cidedly I knew nothing of them till they appeared. -
"Beyond the fact that there is no American on earth
who would not feel flattered and proud at being elected
to the United States Senate, lam not a candidate. lam
practicing medicine and am not taking any hand what
ever in politics. I have neither seen nor been called
upon even by one of the members of the Alameda dele
gation, and I am certainly not seeking a Senatorship."
a vehement protest against the Legisla
ture sending to the United States Senate
any man who cannot be pointed out to
our youth as a person of noble Instincts,
unblemished personal character and
sterling manhood."
Forty Hours' Adoration .
The ceremony of the forty hours' ador
ation was begun yesterday morning at
St. Mary's Hospital before an immense
congregation. All of Monday and up to
the time the service is concluded, special
devotions will be held in the chapel on
First street. :':.■• "y-yj.
Champagne Imports for 1898.
Aggregated 242,319 cases, of which 88,866
were G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA DRY; made
of choicest grapes and first pressings.
Bottles will bear green neckband and star
label. •
GAGE WILL NOT
DANCE AT THE
INAUGURAL BALL
Never Learned the
Waltz or Two-Step.
COMPLAINS OF TIGHT BOOTS
NOTABLES WILL LOOK ON IN
GOVERNOR'S QUADRILLE.
To Take No Part in th« Art of Danc
ing as Illustrated by Green
wayDecorations for
the Function.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. The "Governor's
quadrille" will not be a feature of the
Inaugural ball.
Governor Gage does not dance.
Neither, for that matter, does ex-Gov
ernor Budd. Mr. Budd can, but rheu
matism forbids. Governor Gage simply
cannot. In the days before he was ad
dicted to the law and political aspira
tions, he failed to learn the "waltz and
reverse," history salth not whether or
no his inherent tendency to boots Inter
fered, but the fact remains ha does not
dance.
This, at any rate, Is the excuse made
by Master of Ceremonies George H.
Clark for this departure from time
honored gubernatorial custom. There
are other excuses, however. There are
those unkind enough to say that the
Governor won't dance because he is
mad. He wants the glamor of gold lace
and brass buttons, and the committee
has declined to extend certain courte
sies in the way of free cards of admis
sion, and' the gold lace people are al
most unanimous in the opinion that
gold lace was not shown its mede of
respect in that decision. Those who are
not unanimous will be on hand to lend
tone and Color, but the others are, at
the present, undecided.
But among those who are in the con
fidence of the executive, it is whispered
that those new boots are — well, they
bind a bit across the instep, and that
the leather in the right boot is just a
mite too tight across the toe. But then,
all these things are rumor, and the
plain fact remains that the Governor's
quadrille will not be danced.
Instead, the party will stand in the
usual formation before the stand of
musicians while the dance goes on, and
after that will hold formal reception in
the right-hand corner of the Assembly
chamber, where, * accompanied by
those of the staff who do attend,
the Governor will be introduced
to ' the guests by Major Weln
•stock and Mayor Land. The gen
eral introduction in the Assembly over,
the party will proceed to the Senate
chamber, and there the same ceremony
will be repeated. It is the- intention of
Master of Ceremonies Clark to keep
Governor Gage and his party hand
shaking and getting acquainted until
12:15 o'clock, when the official ceremon
ies will be finished and the general good
time will begin for those who care to
remain later than that hour. Those who
are to compose the Governor's party
have not as yet been fully decided on.
Mr. and Mrs. Gage will, of course, oc
cupy the place of honor— just before the
musicians' stand and facing the assem
blage In the chamber. Ex-Governor
Budd and Mrs. Budd will be directly
across from them, for, whether they
dance or not. they will be drawn up in
quadrille formation. To the left of the
Governor will be Lieutenant Governor
Jeter and Mrs. Jeter of Santa Cruz, if
Mr. Jeter's health will permit of the
festivities, and on his right Lieutenant
Governor Neff with his lady. During
the dancing of the quadrille they will
refrain from the charms of the waltz
god, and at the end of it will retire to
the cozy reception corner that is being
made ready by the decorators, there to
meet the multitude. - i
The regular order for the grand
march that of necessity introduces the
general festivities has not yet been
fully arranged. The legislators with
their wives and ladles will gather in
the State library. They will be accom
panied by State officials and the mili
tary. Still another group will form in
the quarters of the Surveyor General,
near the Assembly chamber. and an
other in the Attorney General's rooms,
adjoining the Senate chamber. The
procession will form in the main cor
ridor on the second floor, and will pro
ceed to the door of the Assembly cham
ber, countermarching to the Senate,
where Governor Gage and his party
will join it and take the lead back to
the Assembly, where the opening cere
monies will take place. The Senate
chamber is to be used this year only
as an overflow dancing hall..
On the lower floor of the Capitol in
the rotunda around the statue of]
Columbus and Queen. lsabella the tables
are set, and at promptly 11 o'clock the
first of them, the Governor's table,
will be served. Its hospitality will be
dispensed only to him, his party and
the officers of his staff. The rest will
dine later. yyy'v
Talbot H. Walls, . who is superin
tending the decoration of the Capitol,
has already effected a transformation
in the picture and curtain hung assem
bly halls. The desks and chairs have
been removed and stowed away until
Tuesday. The carpets have been cov
ered with canvas ready for the dancing,
and the halls seem rather conserva
tories than the haunt of lobbyists.
Potted palms and blossoms are every
where; in the corridors, the rotunda
and the halls. Graceful strings of
smilax and fern are pendant from
everything to which they could be
artistically suspended. The general
color scheme of the Assembly chamber
is pink and green; the windows are
draped in buntings of the house, the
galleries festooned in it. Back of the
Speaker's desk the national colors
break harmoniously into the general
scheme, and the drapings of the mu
sicians' stand built over the clerk's
desk are in accord.
In the Senate the prevailing colors
are red and yellow, and the effect is
Oriental in the extreme. To carry it
out there has been built into each
corner the coziest of Turkish booths,
filled with soft cushions and other
things that make a lounging place of
comfort. As in the Assembly chamber
the windows are draped in the gen
eral color, and the seat of the Lieu
tenant Governor is set in a background
of palms and potted plants and blos
soms of every variety.
Senator Cutter's resolution, passed
through both houses last week, placed
a limit on the refreshments, but lemon
ade and other passive drinks will be in
abundance, and will be served' the
offices of the Attorney and Surveyor
Generals, which will be decorated in
rich accord with other sections of the
Capitol. The decorations will not be
complete until the last moment, but
thanks to a resolution passed through
the Assembly on Saturday they bid i
fair to remain.
Assemblyman Wade was struck by
the garish splendor of the pink and
green curtains in his chamber, and of
fered a resolution that they be allowed
to remain hanging during the rest of
the session. Notwithstanding that the
decorator owns the ; decorations, the
resolution was passed, and as a resolu
tion a bill providing that the treasury
be drawn on to the extent of three or
four hundred dollars will have neces
sarily to be passed in payment for all
the varl-colored bunting in the
Capitol.
GRANT MEN
MUST PAY
TRIBUTE
If Claims Against Gage of
Treachery Are Shown
to Be True.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. B.— lt Is proposed by some
of the friends of Governor Gage and
Colonel Dan Burns to endeavor to compel
James Brown, one of the Grant man
agers, to contribute the $1000 he has
agreed to give to a local charity If proof
was furnished that U. S. Grant Jr. or
his friends in San Diego County were
guilty of treachery to the Republican
State ticket at the November election.
Several telegrams were to-day sent to
San Diego requesting certain friends of
Governor Gage's there to at once pre
pare affidavits tending to prove the
charge of treachery made against Mr.
Grant and his friends and forward them
to Sacramento at once. If they are pre
pared at once they will arrive here not
later than Thursday morning, when It is
supposed they will be presented to Mr.
Brown and a demand made upon him to
yield up the $1000 he has offered to • a
charity when this proof is furnished.
"ANY OTHER MAN
EXCEPT BURNS"
The Call printed interviews yesterday
with thousands of Republicans through
out the State of California in which there
is unqualified denunciation of the candi
dacy of Colonel Dan M. Burns for United
States Senator. Tlie protests still con
tinue to flow in, as the following expres
sions of opinion indicate:
ANGELS, (*al., Jan. 7, 1599.— T0 San Fran
cisco Call: "I am not In favor of Dan Burns
for United States Senator. I believe Mr. Irv
ing M. Scott would be the choice of Republi
cans at large."— FRANK A. EGAN, Chairman
Republican County Committee.
"I do not favor the election of D. Burns as
United States Senator. Better have none than
he."-THOS. G. TEACHER, Notary Public.
"Any other man from the United States, but
not D. M. Burns."— JOHN H. CARLEY, Un
dertaker.
''Any other man for the United States Sen
ate, but not D. M. Bums."— JOHN DARCET,
Merchant.
"D. M. Burns, in my opinion, would not be
the proper representative in the United States
Senate."— GEO. STCKEER SR., Postmaster.
"California, in my opinion, should not send
D. M, Burns to the United States Senate."—
C. L. ADAMS, News Dealer.
nr -■->-. ■ Wi i yyy'-y- ,  , " , , ■
Mayor Phelan and Major McLaughlin
' Confer on the Charter.
SACRAMENTO FILLS
WITH MOTLEY CREW
Politicians Return Refreshed for
the Impending Senatorial
Struggle.
The Vultures Await the Unloosening of the
Purse Strings of Colonel Mazuma-Grant's
Managers Express Confidence.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. B.— The trains this evening
brought back to Sacramento not only the
members of the Legislature who left Fri
day and Saturday, either for San Fran
cisco or for their homes, but also quite
a consignment of statesmen and would
be statesmen, who figure in the third
house. Politicians of more or less repute
and notoriety; people looking for jobs,
either in the Legislature or at the hands
of the State administration; society folk
who are here to attend the inaugural
ball, and a miscellaneous collection of
humanity who are visiting the capital for
various causes and reasons.
The Senatorial "push" returned almost
to a man, for the battle is growing warm,
and the prospect for the vultures to real
ize on the various sacks which It Is
thought will be loosened within the next
few days, is about to become a realiza
tion. At least that is the way many of
the crowd feel and they are of course
gathering to be in at the time of the di
vide. "7777
Of course there are others who expect
to figure in the Senatorial contest to a
more or less extent, not directly for coin
in hand, but for future advantage of a
political character.
Milton Green, Grant's chief adviser, ar
rived at 10 o'clock and proceeded at once
to the Grant headquarters, where he was
closeted with James Brown, Walter Ba
con and their candidate. Mr. Green wore
a more confident air than he did when he
departed. His two days in San Fran
cisco seemed to have imparted an air of
confidence to him. Mr. Green, however,
refused to specifically state upon what he
based his assertion that Grant would win.
He contented himself with making it and
looking mysterious.
H. Z. Osborne, United States Marshal
for the district of Southern California,
came in and was enrolled among the Fed
eral officials who are really supporting
Burns, but ostensibly supporting Bulla.
Morris M. Estee arrived on an early
train and mingled with the throng at the
Golden Eagle, saying all of the kind words
he could for Burns, thereby manifesting
his appreciation of past political and other
favors extended to him by the man from
Mexico.
Sam Rainey, Phil Crimmlns and Martin
Kelly made up an interesting trio that
came in on the evening trains. They all
held court .at the Golden Eagle for a
while and received the homage of their !
subjects who are gathered here in the j
interest of the candidacy of Mexican Dan. I
Jack Terrill. the gray eagle of the Burns \
push, came with Kelly and Crimmlns. . - '
Thomas V. Cator got in on the 7 o'clock '■
train and put in the evening looking on,
but refrained from any tears. Later the
situation may be such as to cause Mr.
Cator to weep, but existing conditions
will not warrant him ln so doing.
E. S. Torrance, Superior Judge of San
Diego County, arrived from the south,
and will be enrolled among the support
ers of Mr. Grant until the right is over.
Ex-Senator W. E. Dargie came in from
Oakland, but he says that he will take
no part in the Senatorial fight.
A. B. Hotchkiss attorney for the
Southern Pacific at Lbs Angeles, came in
at 7 o'clock, and at once entered the
arena for Burns.
Jabez Swan, so soon as the train ar
rived, made directly for Burns' head
quarters, and was closeted with the
colonel for quite a time.
Among the returning members of the
Legislature were Senator E. I. Wolfe,
Senator Sig Bettman and Senator Short
ridge. The first thing they did was to
post themselves on what transpired while
they were away.
Paris KM bourne was in the throng of ]
arriving statesmen, as was also Jim I
Rea of San Jose and "Smiling Billy'"
Hamilton.
After the 10 o'clock train arrived the
office and corridors of the Golden Eagle '<
Hotel presented the liveliest scene that
has yet been witnessed since the session !
of the Legislature opened. Everybody
that had been away wanted to know
what had transpired in their absence and
those who had not been here before
wanted to be "placed next" to the situa
tion.
Among those who arrived to attend the
Inaugural ball are Mrs. W. H. Mills and
Miss Mills of San Francisco and Major
and Mrs. J. W. a. Off of Los Angeles.
Mrs. Off is a near friend of Mrs. Governor
Gage and spent the afternoon as her I
guest
Mrs. Frank McLaughlin and Miss Mc-
Laughlin, of Santa Cruz, were among the
arrivals this evening to attend the ball.
County Clerk William A. Deane of San
Francisco arrived at 11 o'clock, and was
soon thereafter in conference with the
Burns lead*
Hair Wagner of San Diego came from
the south to-night to try to " help out
Grant.
The midnight train brought the last
consignment of Senatorial workers for
the evening. Mose Gunst was the first of
the throng to register. Hervey Lindley,
the ex-Republican boss of Los Angeles,
did not have time to get his name down
before Jake Steppacher pulled him off to
Colonel Burns' room for consultation with
the great mogul himself. Jake Shaen
came in on the last train as did also Mar
tin Aguirre, ex-Sheriff of Los Angeles
County, who, It is said, is to be the new
Warden of Folsom prison.
John Daly and Ed Donnelly of San
Francisco also arrived to-night.
ONE NAME
FOR ALL
ITS LINES
Santa Fe Railroad Wants
to Work Under One
Corporate Name.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. B.— One of the important
Items of railroad legislation that will be
| presented at this session Is the bill which
will be introduced to enable the consoli
dation of all of the Santa Fe lines In Cal
ifornia with the Valley road under one
corporate name. The object of this con
; solidation is to enable the conduct of all
these Santa Fe lines with Its recent pur
chase, the Valley road, as one corpora
tion, thereby avoiding the expense of the
conduct of separate corporations, which
are required to be separately officered and
to have separate accountings under each
corporate name.
. If the Santa Fe lines now operated un
der four separate corporate names are
consolidated all of this trouble will , be
avoided, and all that will be required will
be one set of officials and one set of books
for the California lines.
The title of the bill which it is pro
posed to enact to effect this consolidation
is as follows:
"An act amending the Civil Code of the
State of California, adding thereto three
new sections, authorizing the purchase
or lease by railroad corporations created
under the laws of this State, or other
States or Territories of the United States,
! which are now.or hereafter may be, doing,
, business as common carriers in this State
of any or all of the property and fran
i chises owned, situated, held or used
wholly or partially in this State by any
I railroad company created under the laws
|of this State, or of any other State or
j Territory of the United States, which is
i now, or hereafter may be, doing business
I as a common carrier in this state, and
authorizing the sale or lease by any such
corporation as above mentioned of any
such property or franchises, or both,
which it may own. use or hold, wholly or
partially in this State." . , ,-.
The bill is in three sections, as follows:
Section 1. A new section iS hereby added
to the Civil Code of the State of California,
numbered 494. as follows:
Any railroad company created under, the
laws of this State or under the laws of
any other State or Territory, or under the
laws of the United States, which is now,
or may hereafter become engaged in the
business of a common carrier, wholly or
partially within the limits of the State of
California, shall have full power and au
thority to purchase or lease of any other
railroad corporation doing business ln this
State as a common carrier, any part or
portion, or all, of the property of any
kind or description, including franchises
owned by such other railroad company,
which is or are being used, owned or held
wholly or partially within the limits of UM
State of California. -: • r
Sec. 2. A new section is hereby added
to the Civil Code of the State of Califor
nia, numbered 495. Any railroad corpora
' tlon created under the laws of this State,
or of any other State or Territory, or of
the United States, which is now or may
hereafter be engaged in the business of a
common carrier in this State, may as to
any of its property of any kind, rights or
franchises which are situated, used or held
wholly or partially within the limits of the
State of California, sell or lease the same,
or any part thereof, to any other railroad
corporation authorized to purchase the
same by the provisions of this act.
Sec. 3. A new section is hereby added to
the Civil ''ode of the State of California,
numbered 406. Before the sale or lease of
any property •or franchise owned by any
railroad corporation, and held or used or
operated wholly or partially within the
limits of the State of California, as pro
vided herein, shall become operative, an
agreement In writing must be executed
containing the terms and conditions of the
sale or lease, which must be authorized by
the hoard of directors and ratified by
three-fourths of the stockholders of such
company.
According to the terms of the act it is
to take effect immediately upon its pass
age. So far as known at this .juncture
there will be no opposition offered to the
passage of this bill. A. G. Maginnls is
there as the representative of the Santa
Fe Company to present the matter to the
Legislature. In speaking of the bill this
evening Mr. Maglnnis said:
"There is absolutely nothing in the
measure beyond what appears on the sur
face. We desire to consolidate all the
lines we are now operating in California,
or may operate hereafter, and that will
take in the Valley road, under one cor
porate name. This will cause a great, sav
ing in expense, and will greatly simplify
the system of accounts we are now com
peted to keep. I can see no reason why
there should be any opposition to the
measure from any source, and I do not
anticipate any."
THE END OF THE CENTURY.
It Will Be Religiously Commemorat
ed in the Roman Catholic Church.
From the pulpit of every Catholic
church ln the city announcements will
be made next Sunday morning of the in
tention of the church to celebrate special
religious services during the course of the
entire year in honor of the close of the
nineteenth century. ,
What the form of the service will be has
not been settled upon, but it Is Indicated
that it will consist of the special solemn
ization of mass in the morning, followed
by an appropriate ceremony in the even
ing. -• "
Saw a Century of Life.
BEVERLY, Mass., Jan. William
Endicott, aged 100 years, died to-day. He
was an eye witness of the engagement
between the frigates Chesapeake and
Shannon, June 1, 1813, and was of the
sixth generation from Governor Endicott
of the Massachusetts Bay colony.
An Old Art Revived.
Within the last year fencing has been
revived with additional vigor by the
feminine ! sex. In the fencing rooms
where swell New York society girls
gather to. practice the art of fence and
parry there is to be heard the collision
of their rapiers.
The exercise is an admirable method
of developing the figure, and is taken
for the purpose of cultivating the
health and. grace. * ,--7; - ; . .
While the Italian masters have kept
to this day the long foil with its bell
shaped guard— much like the old Span
ish rapier— the French have modern
ized the weapon, and the foil of the
French school is, - for the most ■ part,
the one used by society women.
It is said that fencing will be mor*
of a fad than ever this winter.BUILDINGS
HAVE BEEN
KEROSENED
Insurgents Threaten to
Burn Iloilo in Ever)t of
Bombardment.
Son)e of the Natives of the Vis
ayas and Mindanao Have
Petitiorjed ti^e United States
to Be Aonexed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Jan. S.— Colonel Potter, the special emissary of General
Otis between Manila and Iloilo, arrived this afternoon with
dispatches from the latter point. The situation when he left
there was practically unchanged. The streets were barricaded
and it was reported that the principal buildings had been
"kerosened," the insurgents having threatened to destroy the whole
business section by fire at the first shot of bombardment. The banks
were shipping treasure to the United States by the transport Newport
and ovher vessels. The family of the American Vice Consul has
gone on board the Newport.
Colonel Potter reports that President McKinley's proclamation had
to be typewritten aboard ship, as the printers on shore declined to
do the work, and when the text of the proclamation was read to
them, ridiculed the notion that conciliation was possible.
Privates Harry Silvey and Frank Kirkpatrick of the Sixth United
States Artillery, while guarding a water boat, were atacked by the
natives of the crew. Private Silvey's skull was fractured, fatally
and Private Kirkpatrick fell overboard, but escaped with a flesh wound!
The United States gunboat Para arrived at Iloilo on Friday and
Colonel Potter reports that the United States troops will probably
land on Gimaras Island, about midway between the island of Panay
and the Island Negros, where a camp will be established.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Though the native force is
opposing a peaceful occupation of Iloilo
by General Miller's command, it is
nevertheless a fact that the natives of
the Viscaya group and of the Island of
Mindanao have petitioned the Ameri
can Government for annexation to the
United States.
Iloilo is the port of the Island of Pa
nay, one of the islands of the Viscaya
group, and the petition of a large num
ber of natives for annexation shows
that a division exists among natives re
specting the occupation of that city.
The petition is signed by a large num
ber of prominent natives of the Viscayas
and Mindanao familiar with American
institutions or confident of its execution
of the promises which the President has
.made. It was officially presented to
Rear Admiral Dewey early in Decem
ber, and forwarded by that official by
mail to the Navy Department. It was
.immediately transmitted to the State
Department and to the President, and
the latter regards it as an excellent in
dication of the feeling of the natives
toward the United States when outside
the influence of such men as Aguinaldo
and others who are endeavoring to stir
up trouble In the hope, it is thought, of
• personal aggrandizement.
The petition recites that as a result
. of the victory of the American lleet on
May 1, the natives arose in rebellion
against the power of Spain, and finally
succeeded in driving the troops of Mad
rid from their soil. Having successfully
achieved their independence, but de
sirous of obtaining good and stable
government, they have turned to the
great North American nation and
normally request that the Viscaya lsl
■ ands and Mindanao be annexed.
Of course, the petition of the natives
will not be officially noticed by this
Government for the reason that the au
thorities have no Intention of recogniz
ing the independence of the natives,
and for the further reason that the
Philippines are ceded to the United
States by Spain, but it is understood,
that Rear Admiral Dewey will be
directed to notify the signers of the
.document of its receipt by the Presi
dent, of the cession of the islands to the
United States and of the purpose of
this Government to execute the prom
ises made in the proclamation issued by
General Otis some days ago.
. Secretary Alger received a dispatch
from Major General Otis to-day de
scribing the condition of affairs in the
islands, but I was informed it contained
no reference to the result of General
Miller's negotiations with the insur
gents at Iloilo respecting American oc
cupation of that city. It is under
stood that General Otis referred to the
condition on the Island of Luzon as
critical, but no more serious than
hitherto represented, and spoke of a
manifesto published by Aguinaldo de
nouncing the. proclamation issued by
General Otis and urging the Filipinos
to make their struggle for liberty.
Further instructions were sent to
General Otis urging him to continue
his efforts to induce the Filipinos to
peacefully accept the rule of the United
Mates. This policy will be followed by
the administration until the treaty of
peace is ratified, and then the Presi
dent will determine what course shall
be adopted.
In view of the increase of Rear Ad
miral Dewey's force of light-draft
gunboats and of the expedition in dis
patching additional regiments to
->iamla, it is evident the 'resident
anticipates trouble and proposes to be
prepared for It.
■ It is appreciated by the authorities
that It will be 10 the Interest of the
Government to act promptly. The
President does not want bloodshed,
however, at this time for fear it will
prevent a ratification of the treaty of
peace or at least cause delay in action
by the Senate. It is understood, there
fore, that th*> administration will exer
cise its influence to hasten ratification
in order that steps may be promptly
taken to bring the insurgents to terms
and establish peace and order in the
'astern archipeligo.
SENATOR MURPHY OPPOSES
TAKING THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK. Jan. B.— A Washington
. special to the Herald says: In an in
•*.: terview on the Philippines to-day, Sen
.'.'•ator Murphy of New York said:
.'■_ '"1 shall vote for any reasonable
."•'•amendment to the treaty that may be
•/ . proposed which will prevent the United
.'States from taking possessl-n of those
. islands. Ido not desire to see hostili
ties resumed, and I believe there is a
way out of the difficulty by some such
amendment as that proposed by Sena
tor Mason or Senator Caffery.
LAWTON PICKING THE
FLOWER OF THE ARMY
CHICAGO, Jan. B.— Major General H.
W. Lawton, who was recently assigned
to the command of the military forces
in the Philippines, arrived in Chicago
to-day on a tour of Inspection of the
troops that have been ordered to Ma
nila. A rigid examination of the
Fourth Infantry at Fort Sheridan was
made during the day, with the result
that forty or fifty of the soldiers were
disapproved and ill not accompany
their regiment to the Orient.
General Lawton said his command
would be made up of the flower of the
American army.
"The United States." he said, "will
be on exhibition before the powers of
Europe, and it is important that we
have the finest type of American man
hood represented in our army. It is for
this reason the inspection is so rigid
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Jan. B.—
General McCraskey of the Twentieth
Infantry has received an order from
General Sumner, department com
mander, postponing the departure of
the regiment until January 21. The
message stated that the transports
would not be ready to leave San Fran
cisco for Manila until January 25. The
order caused disappointment, as every
thing is in readiness to leave Wenes
day.
Advices from Washington indicate
that the Second Infantry- will probably
be ordered to Fort Leavenworth soon.
The regiment is now at Anniston, Ala
OUGHT TO DEMAND
RELASE OF MARTIN
LONDON. Jan. 9.— The Dally Chron
icle says this morning that the United
States Government ought to demand
of Spain the pardon of Colo-nel Julison
San Martin, who has been sentenced to
imprisonment for life at Ceuta, the
Spanish penal colony in Morocco, for
abandoning Ponce, Porto Rico, where
he was in command of the Spanish
troops, when the United States forces
under General Miles landed in Porto
Rico.
GERMANY THREATENS
TO SEIZE AN ISLAND
Government of the Friendly Group
Appeals to England, America
and France.
MELBOURNE. Jan. S.-A dispatch from
Auckland. N. 7... says advices have been
received from Tonga, the seat of the Gov
ernment of the Tonga or Friendly Islands,
that the German Consul has arrived there
from the Samoan Islands and has given
notice that Germany will seize Vavao the
most fertile of the group, unless * the
Pongan Government pays the private
debts which the natives owe a German
company.
The Government repudiates responsibil
ity for the giving of credit to the natives,
contrary to law, and the King is appeal
ing to England, America and France
TRAIN JUMPS THE TRACK.
Its Crew Has a Fortunate Escape
From Death.
DENVER. Jan. 8.-A special to the
News from Salida. Colo., says: A Denver
and Rio Grande freight train laden with
ore and .cattle Jumped the track -near
Meats Junction to-day and rolled down a
steep embankment, smashing the cars to
pieces. Ail the train crew were more or
less Injured, but no one was killed
Engineer Somerville and Brakeman
Thurman are the most seriously Injured
the former. It Is thought, being In a
dangerous condition. A number of the
cattle were killed. The train was going
down a grade, when the air-brakes gave
way, giving freedom to the motion of the
cars. All the injured were brough*
to Salida, but only the two mentioned are
in the hospital now.
-
Death of a Famous Pythian.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. B.— Frederick
Silberg, one of the most famous Knights
of Pythias in the country, died at his
home here to-day. Silberg was six feet
five inches tall and weighed 310 pounds
He was one of the axmen known as the
"The Big Five," and he had for years'
led the parade at the national encamp
ment. . --
Facts About Champagne.
G. H. UUMM'fI EXTRA DRY is made
from choicest grapes and first pressings.
Its imports in IS9S were 86.833 cases, or
52,649 more than any other brand. Bottles
will bear green neckband and star label. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY" 9, 1899.
ARCHBISHOP
IRELAND'S
TRIP TO ROME
Due to Conditions in
the Islands.
■
TO CONFER WITH THE POPE
A RULE OF SPANISH PRIESTS
THAT WILL BE BROKEN.
The American Hierarchy Is Particu
larly Interested in Overthrow
ing the Power of Friars
in Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: I am able through the courtesy
of a prominent Catholic clergyman of
this city, who through his foreign affili
ations keeps in close touch with Catho
lic matters affecting both this country
and Europe, to throw some light on
Archbishop Ireland's visit to nome.
which he is soon to pay. This clergy
man said to-night:
"There are so many matters to which
Archbishop Ireland will give his per
sonal attention while in Europe that it
is hard to specify any particular cause
for his visit. There has been, lam con
vinced, no call from the Pope to visit
Rome, certainly not to answer any
charges or to explain anything in con
nection with the course of the church
in this country during recent years.
Mgr. Ireland's visit is voluntary and is,
I understand, principally in relation to
changed conditions which will confront
the church in Cuba, Porto Rico and the
Philippines.
"The character of the priests in the
Philippines is the cause of much anx
iety to the heirarchy of the United
States. If the islands are to be held
by the United States, which is now al
most certain, it is to be expected they
will be placed under the heirarchy of
the United States. The Government
will not look with favor on the propo
sition to allow Spanish priests to re
main in power and offices in these isl
ands. While they are cordially dis
liked and even hated by a large body
of the natives, they are still very in
fluential, and their presence there
would be a constant menace to the in
terests of this country and a hindrance
to the work of Americanizing the isl
ands.
"Two priests accompanied General
Merritt when he sailed for the Philip
pines, and they spent some time in Ma
nila and other islands. One of them
expressed himself in vigorous terms as
to the habits and character of Philip
pine priesthood. They are totally dif
ferent from the priests of this country.
The priests are almost all friars, being
members of powerful religious organi
zations. As the organization never dies,
they accumulate wealth very rapidly.
In this case they have been assisted by
the government, which gave the church
vast wealth which has been left behind
by the original owners who fled to es
cape punishment by the rebels. These
lands the church holds on a tentative
title, and it is expected It will be com
pelled to surrender a large quantity of
it either to the Government of the
United States or to the original owners
or their heirs.
"During the period of transition from
Spanish priesthood to American priest
hood Archbishop Ireland's presence in
Rome will be of the greatest value both
to the church and the Government.
This, I believe, is the principal reason
for bis trip, which is to present the
case of America and the American
church to Pope Leo XIII, and explain
many steps which the Government will
take in regard to the church in these
islands."
EXPEDITION AGAINST THE
KHALIFA ABDULLAH
Sirdar Kitchener Will Punish the
Dervish Leader, Who Threat
ens Local Tribesmen.
LONDON, Jan. S.— According to a dis
patch to the Dally News from Cairo, Gen
eral Lord Kitchener, the Sirdar, has de
cided to send a strong expedition against
Khalifa Abdullah, who Is now in Darfur
with a large force of Dervishes, and has
been taking the aggressive against the
local tribesmen.
A dispatch from Alexandria, Egypt, an
nounces that the 200 men of the Irish
Fusileers have been ordered to Khar
toum. As the Soudan has hitherto been
garrisoned only by native troops, the step
is variously interpreted.
Murdered for His Money.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. B.— George Peter-
Bon, who came here recently from Ne
vada, was found dead in a gully lust
southwest of town to-day. His head had
been mashed or cut to pieces with an ax
and less than a dollar in change was
found on his person. He had been killed
and robbed and the body dragged into the
gulch.
FRANCE TO BUILD
MANY SHIPS OF WAR
Will Try the Experiment of Governing Col
*■ onies Under the Navy Instead
of the Army.
+ NEW YORK, Jan. B.— A Washington special to the Herald says: 4
-- In connection with the development of the French navy, naval of- +
4- ficlals here are advised that the Paris Government will expend $62,- 4
-- 000.000 on ship construction during this year. Notwithstanding Rus- 4
-- sia's disarmament proposal, the year 1899 will see large additions to 4
-- the material of the French navy. The department is advised 4
+ France will have under construction during the present year six new 4
-- battleships, one armored cruiser, six protected cruisers, five 3000-ton ♦
4- cruiser* of twenty-five knots and thirty-five torpedo boat destroy- +
+ ers. The total expenditure under this programme will be $60,000,000. 4
-- France has determined to try the experiment of governing a num- -4
+ ber of her colonies under the navy Instead of the army. In taking 4
-♦- this action she is adopting a policy identical with that which this 4
-- Government has put into force with regard to Cuba, which Is to be -*■
4- placed under the control of an American naval officer. 4.
'4rj! [•■*,;' The results of the naval government of the French colonies will be +
4- watched with much interest in administration and army and naval 4
♦• circles here. There has been a strong feeling in naval circles that 4
-- Admiral Dewey, by reason of his cordial relations with the insur- ■♦•
4- gents, is better qualified to perform the duties of Governor General 4
-♦■ than is General Otis, whose connection with the Filipinos has not 4
-- been verj'* pleasant, due to his obedience to the President's instruc- 4
-- tions to keep the insurgents out of Manila. +
•*♦" \ -'--7. ; . +
r+. + + + + + + + + + + + + + + ++4-4-4- + 4- + 4-++4-4> + + + + +
ADMIRAL DEWEY
IS A REPUBLICAN,
SAY HIS FOLK
Butthe Hero of Manila
Is Not Partisan.
HAS NOT VOTED SINCE 1854
IN AN INTERVIEW HERE HE
SAID: "I AM A REPUBLICAN."
Relatives in Vermont Give Informa-
tion That Shows the Democrats
Have Claimed Him Rath
er Prematurely.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Jan. B.— The persistent em
ployment of Admiral Dewey's name as
a possible Democratic candidate for
President, and the doubt which has
arisen as to his political predilections,
have led to an inquiry on the subject
to be instituted at Montpelier, the Ver
mont home of the Admiral. Hon.
Charles Dewey, President of the Na
tional Life Insurance Company and a
brother of Admiral Dewey, talked free
ly with The Call representative regard
ing the subject. Mr. Dewey said the
Admiral had never voted since he en
tered the navy in 1854. He has never
been where he could vote. His legal
residence is in Montpelier, and he
would vote here if anywhere.
"George," said Mr. Dewey, "I have
always considered a Republican, but
not a politician in any sense of the
word. I believe he is a Republican the
same as the rest of his family, his
brothers and his father, and should
naturally inherit the political principles
of his father's family."
Mr. Dewey showed the correspondent
a newspaper interview with George
Dewey in San Francisco thirty years
ago on the question of his politics, In
which the Admiral said: "I am a Re
publican; I came of old Vermont stock,
rooted deep in the soil that faces the
rugged slopes of the Green Mountains.
But, you know, we navy officers are not
inclined to discuss partisan questions
aboard the ship."
Charles Dewey said he knew of no
reason why the Admiral should have
changed his politics since that time.
Edward Dewey, another brother of
the Admiral, who lives at Montpelier,
was substantially of the same opinion
as his brother Charles.
W. T. Dewey, treasurer of the Ver
mont Mutual Fire Insurance Company,
a nephew of the Admiral and a man
who has devoted a large amount of
time to the genealogy of the Dewey
family, when asked regarding the Ad
miral's politics, said:
"I do not believe Uncle George has
voted in the last forty years, but his
father, his brothers and his son are Re
publicans, and I have always regarded
him as such. Immediately after grad
uation he was ordered to Key West,
and never has been in Montpelier, his
legal residence, since that time on elec
tion days. He has recently been elected
an honorary member of the Union
League Club ln New York, which is
strongly Republican, and he has also
recently been elected an honorary mem
ber of the Democratic Club of New
York, which is equally strongly Demo
cratic. I believe he is a Republican,
though not a partisan in any sense of
the word."
Several boyhood friends of Admiral
Dewey who now live in Montpelier were
seen* but they all declined to express an
opinion for publication regarding his
politics, although willing to say that
they supposed he was a Republican. So
many years have elapsed since he was
at Montpelier that his politics are
known to them only by common re
ports. __^__________
ALL HOPE ABANDONED.
Boston Brig Mary Gibbs Will Never
777 Return to Port.
BOSTON, Jan. The owners of the
Boston brig Mary Glbbs, Captain Horace
Coombs, now 130 days out on a voyage
from Newport News to Para, Brazil, have
abandoned all hope for the vessel,
although they still believe there is a
chance that the crew may have been res
cued by some ship bound either to the
Pacific or to some remote quarter of the
globe. The Mary Glbbs carried eight men
and a cargo of CSO tons of coal.
y —-+
To Be Raised to Embassies.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle, referring
to the report that the United States and*
the Austro-Hungarian Governments have
been considering the elevation of their
respective legations to the rank of em
bassies, asserts that this course has been
definitely decided upon.
British Steamship Ashore.
PORT SAID, Jan. v— a gale here the
light on the breakwater was carried off,
and It is Impossible to lend assistance
to the British steamer Golden Cross,
from Batoum. which Is ashore at the en
trance to the canal.
CAPITAL OF
CUBA REEKS
WITH FILTH
Garbage Dumped in
the Streets.
THE CITY A PLAGUE HOLE
CONDITIONS AS FOUND BY THE
LATE COLONEL WARING.
Warns Americans to Beware of the
Death by Disease That Threat
ens All Who Are Not
Immnnes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. B.— The War
Department division of customs and in
sular affairs made public to-day a very
full synopsis of the late Colonel George
A. Waring's report of his visit to Ha
vana under the special instructions of
the War Department given him early
last autumn to thoroughly inspect the
sanitary condition of the city and to
make such recommendations for the
future improvement of the town as
might be suggested by the inspection.
Colonel Waring says he found tha
street cleaning without adequate or
ganization or funds, the markets offen
sive and dangerously filthy for the dis
tribution of human food, with the ex
ception of two, the Tacon and Colon
markets. He found the machinery used
for sweeping the streets ineffective, the
garbage being thrown into the street?
in entire disregard of the ordinance re
quiring it to be sent out in proper re
ceptacles. The work of the contractor
was all done in the latter part of the
night and absolutely in the dark. Any
obscure sidewalks were freely used for
purposes of dumping rubbish, and no
attempt seemed to have been made to
cover or remove it.
Foul pools were found In the streets
into which rubbish and filth had been
deposited, which the contractor was
not required to clean. This filth was
turned over to the buzzards. Some of
the streets in the compact part of the
city are paved with large stone blocks,
others with Belgian blocks and the re
mainder are unpaved. These streets are
filled with dirty holes which In turn are
filled up with house garbage. There is
practically no sewerage. In many cases
households connect their private vaults
with loose brick or stone drains just un
der the pavement along their frontage.
These allow the filth to leak out into
the ground close to the surface, en
abling the householder to get out of
much hiring of night scavengers.
Slaughtering pens, while superficially
clean, are brutally disgusting while the
work is going on. Blood and offal are
washed by copious floodings from the
water supply into an adjoining creek
and harbor reeking with putrid filth.
There is no systematic disposal of gar
bage and sweepings. It IS deposited on
the surface in and near the town, where
the buzzards feast upon It to their full
satisfaction. Dead dogs, cats and
chickens are left in the streets until
the buzzards pick them to the skeleton.
And all this is done under an intense
sun.
Bad AB these conditions are they are
not comparable with the disgusting
conditions of the domestic life. There
are fewer than twenty thousand houses
in the city. Sixteen thousand are of one
story, 200 of three story and a very few
are four stories and none higher. • At
least twelve out of every thirteen of the
Inhabitants live in one-story houses, the
total population being over 200,000. The
average population of the houses is
over ten.
In all the compactly built parts of the
city the entire lot is crowded by the
house, there being one or two courts
included in the building. In the better
class of houses the entrance hall is
quite commonly the standing room of
the carriage. It opens into a parlor at
its side and into the reception room at
its rear. Beyond this is a court, their
dining room then a smaller court, the
kitchen, stable and private vault, prac
tically all ln one. Sleeping rooms are
in the rear of the parlor and at the side
of the court the dining room. The con
spicuous feature of every house Is the
private vault anu sometimes a second
vault for kitchen wastes. These vaults
occupy a space practically under and
almost in the kitchen. It is rare, indeed,
that they have a ventilating pipe. They
belch forth nauseating odors through
out the house, which pervade the
streets.
Lost the conditions above set forth
should fail to do their appointed work
of destruction, the broad marshes at
the southerly edge of the harbor are at
hand to furnish their quota of malaria.
Into these marshes flow a number of
water courses which bear upon their
surface the offscourings of a very poor
quarter of the town, the effluvia of the
slaughtering pens and other foul
establishments, while a large portion of
the flat is used as a dumping ground
for garbage.
The water supply of Havana, Mr.
Waring says, is of the purest and most
excellent character. This, with the
winds of the gulf, saves the city from
being absolutely and unqualifiedly bail.
The city is a veritable plague spot. Its
own people, largely immune though
they are to yellow fever, which has pre
vailed in Havana without interruption
for 163 years, fall constant victims to
the pernicious malaria and depressing
influence to which they are always sub
jected. It needs only the Immigration
of fresh material which the enterprise
of an American population is sure to
bring In, to create a sacrifice such as
has not been yet known.
Commerce, says Colonel Waring, will
carry the terrible scourge of yellow
fever to our shores until we rise again
in a war of humanity and at all costs,
wipe out an enemy with which no mili
tary valor can cope.
Colonel Waring suggests the follow
ing improvements as absolutely essen
tial to make Havana a healthy city:
1. Organize immediately a department
of public cleaning under the full control
of a single commissioner experienced in.
the conduct of such work and with au
thority to do all that the occasion may
require.
2. Construct a system of sewers to re
ceive the liquid wastes of all houses of
the main city as far as Belascoin. These
sewers should serve separately the dif
ferent districts into which the various
slopes divide themselves, and each should
discharge directly Into the gulf or into
the harbor, as the case may be.
3. Fill up all the private and kitchen
waste vaults and supply every house
with an adequate water closet connected
with the public sewerage system.
4. Pave or repave all the streets In the
best manner with asphalt.
5. Provide a completely appointed
abbattoir for large and small animals,
adequate for all the needs of the people.
6. Provide a suitable and sufficient In
cinerating furnace for the complete and
inoffensive destruction of garbage and
other refuse. •
7. Reclaim all the marshes— least
those between the Calzada de Viver and
Regla.
8. Establish an electric power plant suf
ficient for pumping sewage where ne
cessary and for propelling the machinery
of the abbattoir.
CONVINCED OF THE
GUILT OF DREYFUS
Court of Cassatior) Reported to
Have Decided t\e Was Justly
Condemned.
PARIS. Jan. 8. — Le Soir says it learns from an Indisputable source
that the Court of Cassation is convinced that Dreyfus was justly
condemned.
M. Quesnay de Baurepaire, president of a section of the Court
of Cassation, has resigned in consequence of a disagreement re
garding the Dreyfus inquiry.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— A Beaufort, S. C, special to the Herald
says: The French steamship Caledonie arrived last night at Port
Royal, S. C, from the Isle dv Salut, having left Algiers on December
4. She will probably remain at that port for one week. 1 went on
board the Caledonie to-day to make inquiries concerning Captain
Dreyfus, the famous prisoner on the Isle dv Salut. The captain told
me that so far as he could learn there had been no recent change in
the treatment of Captain Dreyfus. The condition of his health up
to a week ago, when the Caledonie sailed from the Island, was fairly
good. The captain told me he had learned that Captain Dreyfus was
in good spirits on account of the news of a favorable turn of affairs
In France concerning his case. The steamship's captain said he had
not been permitted to obtain a personal interview with the prisoner
because no /ne is allowed to see or converse with him.
STILL EXCITED
AT SANTIAGO
Cubans Yet Clamor for
Autonomy.
GENERAL WOOD'S MISSION
DEVELOPMENTS EXPECTED ON
REACHING WASHINGTON.
Good Work Being Done by the Cuban
Industrial Relief Association
of New York in Distrib
uting Supplies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Jan. B.— Senor
Bacardi, the Mayor or Santiago, is
cabling to Havana each day regarding
the situation, explaining that the local
excitement growing out of the proposal
of the United States authorities to con
centrate the customs receipts at Ha
vana is not allayed and that the people
want provincial and municipal auton
omy. It is understood General Wood,
Governor of Santiago, with General
Castillo, will reach the United States on
or before Tuesday next, and arrange
ments have been made for a special
cable service to inform the people here
as to developments after General
Wood's arrival in Washington.
Colonel Ray reports from Guantan
amo that a Cuban major a short time
ago took to the woods with several of
his men, became a bandit and killed
five men. The entire band has been
captured and will be put on trial.
TAMPA, Fla., Jan. B.— The members
of the Cuban Evacuation Commission,
who left Havana yesterday evening on
the Mascotte, arrived at Port Tampa
to-day. The party left this evening for
Washington in a special Pullman car
attached to the Florida and East In
dian limited, via the Plant System. The
Commissioners will arrive in Washing
ton early Tuesday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— The Secre
tary of War has furnished the Cuban
industrial relief fund of New York with
credentials to General Brooke, Military
Governor of Cuba, commending the re
lief association to him as a distributing
agent of the food supplies sent and to
be sent by the Government to the suf
fering Cubans. A second ship load of
these supplies, now preparing, will in
clude many foods specially adapted to
the needs of women and children, as
well as the Cuban soldiers and laborers.
It is believed a discriminating use of
this food, in connection with industrial
features of the relief fund, will result
in the gradual transfer of many from
the charitably-aided class to the self
sustaining class.
This recognition of the Industrial re
lief fund, and the acceptance of its co
operation In the charities to be admin
istered by the War Department, will
undoubtedly inspire the philanthropic
public to furnish promptly all the
money that can profitably be used in
equipping this work with implements,
seeds, cattle and all the Industrial
necessaries which the Government has
no legal means of providing. Richard
S. Howland of Providence, whose re
cent report on the results of his inspec
tion of conditions in Cuba has greatly
stimulated Government activity, has
recommended the industrial relief
plan as the best practical form of aid
to the rural Cubans.
SANTIAGO'S GREETING
TO SENATOR MASSO
Escorted by a Torchlight Procession
on His Arrival From
Jamaica.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Jan. Senor
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU WANT THE BEST.
For Your Health Nothing Is Too Good— Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt Is the Best.
IT DOES NOT PAT TO BUT A CHEAP
.... Electric Belt. It ls bought for Its
" , -v -;i . :. - _^. . -^^y ■ health-bringing power, and as a rule It .
,  J«C» t ttyj , W»'trt "Skv^w A.,< v has none. '-'heap electric belts are like
■ 7'iitfiS fe' Si 4 &-*•>/ iiH V Bmß**» 7- Chf,a -V Jewelry. There are many which
>^>*i» it Vl":* '-"/ £^7^- y^'yL v ' "* Is£v(tY&'. are sold on tho reputation of Dr. San-
C^ThLL^^y > t-rri^^ : -' Sl^'^^ :^^^rii^SfS^^ den's, which has cured over 10.000 people
'X&& f^ i^^^^^SiPai*a^m'^A ln l ' K Ever >* druggist claims to have
'IWa'x **£>•**» cre '*'* W'*^**javsH one "as good as Sanden's," but It falls
BnKr'V ELPCTKSC SSS-"f^^3ta3w to pieces In ten or fifteen days, and the
MvX^^^^^-^^'^^^^iW^k prlc,? is wasted. Dr. Sanden's has the
Hl't f'i H'^ir^i^^^*)^!! I ' Jfiif cures, and it Is guaranteed to give »
•Vi'l *" j L /ij^^^S '*£<*-«" = j*CJJ vJi \ IS/ strong current for one year, or to be re-
\,:; trib*A£3gSasy%Sl] 'T V* t -^'*-^M; V* placed free with a new one. No other
"*V'y-/iV4^'..- iTirV'VvlJiu!^??* 4 **'^ belt is warranted like this. Call and see
-,". ,-yV*- *^*SjKW ' ' '<£ v the doctor about It, or write for free
' '• ' > m » book to the manager.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, *— * - , - *
702 Ktt-M Street. Corner Ke»ray. S*a 7rueiu». NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 222 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Second street; Portland. Or.. 258 Washington Is never sold ln drug stores '
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street: - nor by traveling agents; only -
Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at cur offlce.
110 North Main street. »— « — «
Bartolome Masso. who arrived here to
day from Jamaica, was enthusiastically
received and escorted from the wharf by
a torchlight procession. The Spanish
club was closed by the authorities and an
extra guard mounted.
This week the Cuban negro who on De
cember Iff killed a Baracao merchant who
had landed here to purchase supplies,
mistaking him for the guerrilla Rodri
guez, will be put on trial for murder. A
considerable sum has been subscribed
toward his defense.
Accouterments sufficient to mount 1000
men have been received and horses are
expected shortly for that number.
The United States cruiser Detroit ar
rived here to-day.
The United States collier Southery, now
at Guantanamo, is under orders to re
turn to the United States.
MURDER COMMITTED IN
CAMP BUENA VISTA
Louisiana Volunteer Treacherously
Slain by a Member of His
Company.
HAVANA. Jan. B.— Private John D.
Hughes, Company E. Second Louisiana
Volunteers, was shot and killed yesterday
by Private John Buckley, of the same
company. The trouble began in a trivial
quarrel yesterday afternoon at Camp
Buena Vista when Buckley threatened to
kill Hughes. Hughes paid no attention to
the threat, but Buckley later lay in wait
for him and deliberately shot Hughes.
Buckley, who Is a New Orleans man, is
said to have killed two other men. No
disorder has followed the murder.
INDIGENT MINERS IN
NEED OF ASSISTANCE
Government Will Be Called Upon to
Relieve Distress in the
Klondike.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. B.— According
to late advices from Dawson, the United
States Government will be called on to
relieve indigent 'miners in the Klondike.
The Dawson Nugget under date of De
cember 7 says there is a strong movement
on foot at Dawson to send a representa
tive to Washington for the purpose of
enlisting the United States Govern
ment in the cause of aiding in
remedying the great distress which
prevails among the miners of the Yukon.
The hospitals are overcrowded with indi
gents, and the finances of those insti
tutions will not allow of any more whole
sale charity.
The Yukon council declares itself
already out of funds to care for the in
digent sick. Donations for the caring of
the sick' come in regularly, but in small
amounts, while at this present moment
nothing less than $9000 per month will
come anywhere near taking ordinary' care
of the poor fellows without money or
property. The dreaded scurvy has made
its appearance, and none but those con
nected with the hospitals know of Its ex
tent. --.:—.
The fact is that the amount of distress
here has outgrown the total charity of
the place and nothing less than $200,000
will relieve the distress of this winter.
Food is here in plenty, but it takes money
to buy it.
A memorial will be sent to Washington
asking Congress to help.
SOCIALISTS IN A RIOT.
Pilgrims to the Tomb of Blanqui En
gage in a Fight.
PARIS, Jan. The Socialist annual
pilgrimage to-day to the tomb of Blanqui,
in the cemetery of Pere la Chaise, led to
riots between the rival partisans of Henri
Rochefort, editor of the Intranslgeant.
and M. Jaures. editor of the Socialist
Petite Republluue. Many were injured
and the police made a number of arrests.
Asa W. Dickinson Dead.
EASTON. Pa.. Jan. B.— Colonel Asa W.
Dickinson of Hackensack, N. J., died to
day at the home of his mother, Mrs. Ja
cob Hay, in this city. Colonel Dickinson
was prominently identified with financial
affairs ami during the Harrison adminis
tration was Collector of the Port of Jer
sey City. He was a member of the staff
of Governor Wertz of New Jersey.
Ex-Governor Oglesby HI.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Jan. B.— Former
Governor Richard J. Oglesby Is reported
to be verj' ill with grip at his home in
Elkhart, Logan County. The members of
the family have been sumntened home.
Oregon's Legislature.
SALEM. Or., Jan. B.— The Oregon Legis
lature will convene at noon to-morrow.
Both houses were organized at the special
session in October last and it Is probable
that that organization will be continued.
Dingley's Condition.
WASHINGTON**, Jan. B.— There has been
no material change in the condition of
Representative Dingley, and to-night It la
said he is resting comfortably.
34
MONDAY... JANUARY 9. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts, S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL R00M5..... ...217 to 221 Stevenson Straat
Telephone Main 1874.
THE (SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) 1*
served by carriers In this city and surroundlog towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. •
THE WEEKLY CALL. 16 pages .One year, by mall, $1
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
• DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift** House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bnlldlng
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
-BRANCH OFFICES— Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
7 O'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
.* . street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
.•*'• "Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
... until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
••.. Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
, ' Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
California— "Puddn Head Wilson."
Alcazar— "The Magistrate."
• Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Mr. Sco's— Hi Henry Minstrels.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
:' Olympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, BpeclalUes.
Ingleside Coursing Park— Courting To-day.
. Central Park— Steeplechase.
Ingleside Kacetrack— Haces To-day.
Sherman -''lav Hall— Oerome Helmont, Violinist. Tuesday
evening, January IT.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W P ■:• • rrlrll -Tuesday. January, 10, at 111
m., at I^9 Grant a.*-. •'»imi'ur». Carpets, etc.
THE NEW COMMERCIAL YEOR.
CONDITIONS during the first week of the new
year were more unsettled than for some weeks
previously. The distinguishing local feature
• .." was the breaking up of the protracted dry spell by a
;..'. series of rains sufficiently copious and extended to
! -give the State a good start for the coming season.
• ■• -effect of 'these rains is already manifest in a gen
';'•', ;7'c'j*al- loosening of purse-strings by country banks and
'.commercial capitalists in the direction of accom
-7 modating the farmer with advances for seed and cur
-7 ' .'rent ' running expenses, for they now see a good
chance to get their money back with interest, which
*".; is-*aill they want. During November and December
; ; this -accommodation was generally withheld, which
' - produced a depressing effect on trade all over the
. State, But now that the farmer is enabled to go
...' ahead with his plowing and seeding business ought
to show a marked improvement in the near future.
'. • The frequency of the recent showers justifies the be
'- lief that from now on we will get the usual rainfall,
"■■. and if, we do the State will produce an immense yield
of farm products, for a very large area is reported un
* der cultivation, and the good prices ruling for grain
"... and hay serve to stimulate farmers to put in all they
' can. Again, stocks of everything are so reduced that
at least fair prices are assured for the coming crop, so
•: the State ought to make a better showing this year.
.- * ° The tendency in the heavier lines of farm produce
".-has lately been upward. Wheat has ruled firm on
-"' the Whole in sympathy with the East, where an im
mense, demand for foreign export, said to be the
/• heaviest ever known, keeps the market in good con
■'■ dition. . Barley is about stationary at $i 30, which is
' a fine quotation for this cereal. Oats and corn have
also' advanced; and hay has gone up again since the
'•;•' first of the year, due to small receipts and a good de
mand for country shipments, chiefly to the Salinas
and Monterey districts. The city demand is light.
' ■These conditions indicate good prices next summer,
■-" '-'hence the activity among farmers to seed all the land
they' can.
•'■* The other farm staples are steady as a rule. The
wool market is still kept down by enormous stocks
in the East, where they amount to 291,000,000 pounds,
7,an. increase. of 114,000,000 pounds for the year. This
immense quantity of wool must be cleared away be
fore .prices can rise much. The tendency in pork
and its products has been upward and hogs and lard
are both higher than they have been, with an active
demand for the latter. Other lines of provisions are
reported quiet. Hops continue to bring exception
ally.-fine figures, though the demand is light Dried
fruit and raisins are still dull, the former especially so,
though dealers are of the opinion that stocks will be
well cleaned up by the time the new crop comes for
ward. Prices .for dried fruit have been good this sea
,,-eon,. except for prunes, which have been depressed and
out of favor, owing to the small size of the fruit, due
to the dry season of 1898.
'The mining industry felt the dry year keenly. Lack
of Water" to operate the mills caused many a shut
down. The recent rains, however, which have so
* blessed the farmer, have caused heavy falls of snow
in the mountains, which means plenty of water later
• on, so the depression in this great industry will prob
ably soon be- lifted. It is wonderful what an effect
the '"rain has on business and the spirits of the public.
Two .weeks ago blue predictions and long faces were
the rule everywhere; to-day there is a general feeling
" of -Cheerfulness, and expressions of confidence in the
■coming season are heard on all sides.
••'-•Some' people express fear that revelations concern
ing the sale of bad beef to the army will affect the
meat export trade. There should be no abatement of
'.the- investigation on this account Contractors who
•ileal in rotten beef ought to be in the penitentiary, and
-the' public doesn't want their nefarious trade to ex
'' pand! *
Any system of political awards which would make a
thief such as "Lefty" Bannon janitor of a Police
"Court does not need mere reform, but elimination.
> The plan to demand from the State certain rebates
; of taxes for the supposed benefit of the counties, is an
excellent one from the standpoint of the lawyers.
When America and England go into the concert
business the European concert will be classed as a
second grade entertainment. .
If. any doubter thinks the future of the State is in
danger he should think of the Federal brigade up at
Sacramento and be comforted.
There. seems no reasonable doubt that sooner or
later Aguinaldo will get a licking he will remember
if 'he happens to survive.
' There is no marvel that Roosevelt should have
declined an empty honor. He has plenty that are not
empty- .
BURNS UNFIT OND UNCLEAN.
THOROUGHLY convinced, as it has long been,
of the utter unfitness of Dan Burns for the
Senatorship or for any position of trust, The
Call was hardly prepared for such an emphatic in
dorsement of its views as -was presented yesterday
morning in a series of interviews. These interviews
were from representative citizens in all "parts of the
State, and given in response to a request so worded
as to excite.no bias. Correspondents were instructed
to visit a dozen or so prominent Republicans and get
statements as to their preference or otherwise for
Burns for Senator. Of the hundreds approached, not a
dozen indorsed Burns. On the contrary, he was de
nounced in terms most comprehensive and emphatic
by residents of every county. It was said that his
election would be a disgrace. "Anybody but Dan
Burns," "Beat Burns by all means," "Burns a dis
grace to the State," such were the sample expressions.
In most of the towns there was no one to be found
not openly opposed to Burns. Neither were they
afraid to say so.
Unless the colonel from Mexico has a hide abso
lutely impenetrable some of these shafts must have
pierced it. The situation is certainly strange. Here
ii a politician at Sacramento demanding that he be
elected to the Senate. His demands are backed by
all the power of the State Executive, the presence of a
mob of hirelings, and the support of the Republican
Central Committee by whom his orders are regarded
as final. Loudly this delectable aggregation pro
claims that its man is sure of winning, but such a
possibility strikes decency with a sense of impending
calamity, and causes Republicans to dread for the fu
ture of their party.
This series of interviews is the best index to pub
lic sentiment yet presented. It tends to calm the ap
prehension that Burns and his unholy following can
defy the public will, send to the Senate one whose
presence there would be a reproach and a lasting
shame, and refuse to regard the claims of better men.
The votes to elect the Senator are those of members
of the Legislature. But back of these are the votes of
the people. The people have spoken. They have
declared they will have none of Burns. If he shall be
forced upon them, the legislators guilty of the out
rage will be regarded as weak, purchasable or cor
rupt, and will be retired to private life, never to be
trusted again. Burns as a Senator would be an out
rage, a travesty. The people of California know this,
fcr they have said so. Any legislator desirous of
ignoring them merely votes in favor of suicide.
The defeat of Burns is assured. Even the creatures
he has intimidated or bought or wheedled, cannot
defy the greater condemnation of the people. If
they send him to the Senate, for themselves they
court obloquy and oblivion.
THE JACKSON DOY SPEECHES.
ANDREW JACKSON is one of the typical
Americans whose personality and deeds will be
longest remembered and most honored by all
classes of his countrymen, but he has been singularly
unfortunate in the form which has been given to the
celebration of his fame and his victory at New Or
leans. The occasion has become a Democratic fes
tival at which oratory flows freely, and at this par
ticular juncture that kind of oratory is not calculated
tc either arouse patriotism or awaken a memory of
Jackson.
The chief banquets held this year in honor of the
day took place at Chicago, Omaha and Denver.
That is but a sparse showing, and the public will
wonder what Democracy was doing on that day in
the other cities of the Union; why there were no ban
quets and speeches in Boston, New York, Philadel
phia, St Louis and San Francisco. To those, how
ever, who took the trouble to read what was said at
the three banquets the wonder at the silence elsewhere
was soon changed to a greater wonder that any ban
quets were held at all.
Rarely have political addresses been more doleful
and dismal than those which at Chicago, Omaha and
Denver mocked the memory of Jackson by setting
forth in his name a Democracy he would have
scorned while it talked and hanged if it ever at
tempted to act. At Chicago the principal speaker
was Bryan; at Omaha, Altgeld held forth, and at Den
ver Governor Thomas made the chief address. They
were all in harmony. Their words were varied, but
their sentiments were one.
Altgeld being much the strongest man of the three
made the strongest speech and the burden of his song
was that the corporations are ruling the land, the rich
are robbing the poor, the country is full of corrup
tion, and that the "judiciary openly rejoices over the
fact that an era of corruption has enveloped the land,
that the betrayal of the people has become a science
and that the robbing of the people has become a
fine art."
In Chicago Bryan was going over the same old
raven croak of disaster threatening the people and the
nation by reason of the supremacy of the gold
monopolists. He declared his renewed and unaltered
devotion to the Chicago platform of 1896 and had the
audacity to say: "Events have vindicated every posi
tion taken by that platform." Mr. Bryan does not
drink, so it is clear the liquid served with the ban
quet must have been strong indeed since the very
smell of it could inspire such an utterance as that.
Taken as a whole the Jackson day orations this
year are the lowest in form and substance that such
speeches have reached since the Democracy first be
gan to make a party festival of the anniversary. Com
pared with such addresses as were made only a few
years ago, when Hill, Carlisle, Olney, Phelps, Watter
son and others of a like character were speakers at
the different banquets, the speeches made this year
are poor and tawdry performances, little better than
the calamity howling any street agitator could do.
ANOTHER FLIMFLAM GAME.
WITH another exhibition of that impudence
and versatility of lying which never deserts it,
the Examiner is using the Senatorial contest at
Sacramento as an opportunity for playing another
flimflam game upon the public. Once more it is
parading under false pretenses and working a fake
for all the traffic will bear.
As a part of the flimflam it asserted yesterday: "It
is the only morning newspaper in San Francisco
which is in a position to give the news, only the news
and all the news of the Senatorial contest"; and
added: "It has no personal spite to avenge, no dis
appointed ambition to give it bias, and, no concern
for the personal success of any of the Republican
gentlemen who are seeking the toga."
On the day preceding the publication of that piece
of impudence, the Examiner had in screaming type
announced Dr. George C. Pardee as its candidate. for
the Senatorship, and yesterday in the very issue in
which it asserted on the first page that it has no can
didate for the Senate, it published a double-leaded
editorial advocating Pardee's election and again de
claring that gentleman to be the Examiner candidate
for the office.
; The Examiner has in fact more of personal spite to
avenge, and more of. disappointed ambition to give' it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
bias th^n any other paper in the State. It was once
turned down from the Southern 'Pacific payroll and
that made its spiteful. It is now, and for some time
past has been, trying to get back the blackmail
revenue of $1000 a month and that furnishes it with
ambition to serve the railroad purpose. It is really
a Burns organ and is using Pardee's name only to
work its flimflam game, but that is a minor issue in
the matter. The main point at present is to direct
the attention of the public to its lying claim to im
partiality.
A newspaper less shameless than the Examiner
would not assert one thing in its news columns and
another in its editorials, but nothing is too incon
sistent, too silly, or too plainly false for that journal
to venture upon. It is one of the class of newspapers
which Charles A. Dana described as being "published
for fools," and is giving the fools cdl the flimflam
they can stand.
PUNISH THE EAVESDROPPERS.
/ r\ S an evidence and an illustration of the extent
AS which conversations over their wires are be
to which conversations over their wires are be
trayed by the telephone companies, the story of
the decoy message published in The Call yesterday is
complete. It discloses not only the betrayal of pri
vate conversations, but the fact that the betrayal is
made with such promptness as implies an habitual
practice of that offense.
The record of the case is that at il p. m. Thursday
a Call correspondent entered the telephone office at
San Rafael and informed the operator that he was
going in search of an item of great importance and
would return later in the night to send the news to
The Call. At i o'clock he returned and telephoned to
The Call office a story of a fictitious occurrence. That
story, which should have reached The Call office with
all the privacy of a confidential conversation, was
known all over S?.n Rafael early next morning and in
a short time spread over Marin County and to this
city.
This case taken in connection with the evidence
published by The Call a short time ago, of the prac
tice of the telephone companies in betraying the con
versations of their patrons, and of the fact that the
Examiner is permitted to tap the companies' wires
and listen to any conversation the eavesdropping edi
tor desires, shows clearly that some legislation is
needed to protect the public against the wrong.
All sorts of conversations are carried on over the
telephone wires. The most confidential talks of
business partners and political allies, the gossip of
friends, the communications of lovers and the home
affairs of families are carried on to a greater or less
extent by telephone. It is therefore of the highest
importance to the public welfare and domestic life
that the business of the telephone should be con
ducted with the utmost privacy -and that this privacy
should have the sanction and guarantee of law.
No meaner or more pernicious offense against
morals, honor and business honesty can well be com
mitted than that in which the telephone companies
have been engaged in this practice of betraying the
secrets of their patrons. The private spy, the sneak
and the eavesdropper have always been despicable.
The invention and the use of the telephone have given
to that class of contemptible rascals a greater oppor
tunity for their vile trade than they ever had before.
I By such arrangement as that made by the Examiner,
the sneak can with the connivance of the employes of
the company, listen to anybody's business and no one
is secure from his spying.
When it is remembered that the telephone reaches
not only the business offices, but into hundreds of
; homes, and that the persons who use it believe they
I are conversing in privacy and that no one overhears
: them, it will be seen that the wrong of the sneaks is
intolerable. It amounts virtually to an eavesdropper
i listening at the keyhole of the door of nearly every
office, parlor, sitting room and boudoir in the city.
There is but one way to reach the evil and that is
by a law providing a severe punishment for all who
engage in the sneak practice. The officials of the
; company who permit it, the eavesdropper who listens
; and the employe who connives at it should each and
| all be subject to penalty. Such a law is necessary to
guard the welfare of business and the sanctity of the
j home and should be enacted at this session of the
i Legislature.
A CONGRESSIONAL FORECAST.
1 N RIOR to adjournment for the holidays Con-
PRIOR made such rapid headway holidays Con
gress made such rapid headway with legislation
f some authorities at the capital are now san
guine that not only will all the necessary public busi
ness be disposed of before the session expires on
March 4, but 'several important measures outside of
routine work will have been enacted.
This hopeful estimate is based upon the fact that
the House has broken all records of work accom
plished before the holidays. It is to be noted, how
ever, that the Senate has not broken a record. What
has been done, therefore, is simply that the House
has sent up to the Senate four great appropriation
bills much earlier than usual, and has acted so ad
versely upon certain measures, such as the interna
tional bank bill and the immigration restriction bill,
as to virtually remove them from further considera
tion by this Congress.
The Appropriations Committee has yet to report
; the fortifications, sundry civil, legislative and general
deficiency. bills. In addition the House has still to
consider appropriation bills to be reported from the
; Committees on Military Affairs, Naval Affairs, Post
offices and Post Roads, and Rivers and Harbors, for
it is said there is no longer any doubt that a river
and harbor bill will be reported and acted upon dur
, ing the session.
Among the measures likely to be taken up early
in the House are the navy personnel bill, one pro
viding for the reorganization of the army and a bill
restricting second class mail matter. All of these will
occasion considerable debate, and the passage of that
restricting the second class mail privilege is doubtful,
although many of the features which led to the rejec
tion of a similar bill at the last session have been
eliminated from the new measure. The bill will prob
ably be considered prior to the postoffice appropria
tion bill, for upon its passage or rejection will depend
the amount of the appropriation which will be re
quired for the department.
From the extent and the vigor of the opposition to
the Nicaragua canal bill which has developed in the
. Senate the prospects of the passage of that measure
1 at this session arc far from good, but the supporters
j of the great undertaking are now thoroughly aroused,
■ and with the influence of the administration on their
I side there is a fighting chance of success; and if the
country actively urges Congress to take action' vie
; tory for the measure may be won in spite of the diffi
culties in the way and the power of the opposition.
Altogether the outlook for the session is not so
bright as the sanguine optimists at Washington de
scribe it. There is very sure to be a good deal of im
portant work left over after the 4th of March for
the next Congress to deal with, and that fact will
emphasize the need of holding an extra session to
settle the currency question so as to get that issue
out of the way before the regular session next winter*
OLD BELEU PRISON.
A Description of the Place in Which a Can
didate for the United States Senate
Was Confined.
Beleu was formerly a convent of the religious order of Merce^f ri ° s -
After the confiscation of the church property by the Government " ™*
turned into a prison for the Federal district, which is similar to tne " 1 "™ 1
of Columbia. It is a vast pile, with numerous court yards, passages,
geons and cells. -tontinrv
In late years efforts have been made to introduce a modern penlt ° n "^ y
system, but little has been accomplished. The prison is unhealthy ana us un
willing guests are exposed to all tne
one of its officers, no matter what petty
employment he may hold, brings the unlucky writer to Beleu. Formerly all
such offenses were tried by special juries, and, as might be expected, con
victions were "few and far between." The Government, disgusted with these
unprofitable practices, had the constitution amended, and nowadays report
ers and editors are tried by a judge who is responsible to nobody but his
superiors. At the beginning of the eighties, so as to humble them as much
as possible, journalists were confined with the common criminals and com
pelled to do the same disgusting chores as they, but later on the leading
newspapers were permitted to furnish two rooms in Beleu for their offend
ing writers, and in honor of journalism it can be said that these apartments
are never without tenants.
Beleu formerly played quite an important part in the political troubles,
and many a "pronunciamiento" took place within its walls, in consequence
whereof the vilest rabble was turned loose.
Behind the prison is an old adobe wall, against which are stood those
unfortunates condemned to be shot, which is the manner in which the death
penalty is inflicted In Mexico. Early In the morning the condemned is
taken out there by a squad of seven soldiers, commanded by a lieutenant. He
ls blindfolded, told to kneel down and then the command to fire is given. In
case death does not Issue at once, the sergeant steps up to the dying man,
places the rifle against his ear and blows out the wretch's brains.
F. DE T.
MAKE EAVESDROPPING A FELONY.
The Call has unearthed a most scandalous state
of affairs in the telephone offices of San Francisco.
Eavesdropping, and the sale of news gained by it,
seems to have been a regular business of the tele
phone officials, and, as usual, the Monarch of the
Fakirs was abetting the disreputable business by
buying stolen news. A law making such eaves
dropping and the selling illicitly secured informa
tion a felony might stop a part of the infamous busi
ness. The telephone company which allows such
dirty work to be done by its officers and employes
should have little business. The people should
shun it as they would the leprosy. — Eureka Standard.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. N. Androus of Pomona is at to.c
Grand.
R. B. Purvis, Sheriff of Modesto, is at
the Lick. 7-; •
Thomas H. Lynch of Fresno is at tiie
Occidental.
J. C. Ruddlck, the attorney, of Ukiah
is at the Grand.
F. C. Lusk, the banker, of Chico ls a
guest at the Palace.
J. J. Hebbron, the cattle-raiser of Sali
nas, is at the Grand.
J. Goldman, a merchant of Merced, Is
stopping at the Grand.
John L. Retallack, a mining man of
Spokane, is at the Palace.
John Markeley, the Bank Commissioner,
of Geyserville is at the Lick.
C. A. Lemp, the well-known St. Loulu
beer manufacturer, is at the Palace.
J. H. Cluckscale and D. A. Pierce, of
Los Angeles, are at the Occidental.
M. S. Sayre, the well-known attorney
of Lakeport, Is a guest at the Lick.
S. C. Dreseher, the merchant of Sacra
mento, and wife are at the California,
F. E. Sevanstron, U. S. N., arrived last
night and is stopping at the Occidental.
N. J. Levinson, city editor of the Ore
gonlan and bride are guests at the Pal
ace.
A. P. Catlln and John C. Catlln, attor
neys of Sacramento, are stopping at th«
Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— E. H. Brown of
San Francisco is at the Astor. John Sla
ter of San Francisco is at the Imperial.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Fourteen gangs of shipwrights are
working on Queen Victoria's yacht at
NEWSPAPERS FOR THE SOLDIERS
United States Steamer Monterey )
Cavite, P. 1., Nov. 2*;, 1898. ' i
Editor of the San Francisco Call, San Francisco,
Cal., U. S. c/ 7. — Sir : On behalf of myself, the
officers and the crew of this vessel, I thank you for
The Calls that have come regularly by each mail.
They have been so distributed that all have had
access to them and have been greatly appreciated.
.The papers are a great pleasure, but the knowl
edge of the thoughtfulness and kindly feeling that
caused them to be sent is a greater one.
Very respectfully,
E. H. C. LEUTZE,
Commander, U. S. Navy, Commanding.
dangers, physical and moral, sucn an
abode abounds with.
The discipline is tyrannical in the
extreme. ""Che "capataces" or trustees
in charge uf a squad go around pro
vided with; a heavy bull whip, which
they apply -vigorously and often with
out the slightest provocation on their
unhappy charges, who have either In
curred their ill will or do not pay for
good treatment. One of the female trus
tees is a famous woman criminal, L.a
Bejarana," who, in the early seventies,
tortured to death a young girl, her
adopted daughter, and was sentenced
for this crime to twenty-five years im
prisonment. The prisoners are not com
pelled to work, but so as to be able to
procure better food the greater part
"kill time" making baskets, plaiting
straw hats and mats,' manufacturing
rings and innumerable knick-knacks
out of cocoanuts, etc., all of which they
sell for infinitesimal prices.
A feature of Beleu is the prison des
tined for offending journalists. The
press laws of Mexico are abnormally
strict. In theory the press is free, but
de facto a more tyrannical supervision
is exercised than even in Russia. The
slightest unfavorable comment on the
Government, the most just criticism of
the Pembroke dockyard, and it is In
tended to launch the vessel during the
month of March.
j A coal bunker explosion occurred last
month on the British cruiser Andromeda,
and two men were badly burned. It is
thought that they opened the door while
carrying a naked light.
The Parson turbine-driven torpedo-boat
destroyer, building on the Tyne, is 200
feet in length, and will have 10,000 horse
power with the hope of getting a speed
of forty-five miles an hour.
Japanese war vessels are to have col
lapsible life boats, and a number have
been ordered from Renfrew Bros., boat
builders, Greenock. The boats are 23
feet in length and built of teak (diag
onal) and varnished.
The Russian battleship Rotlslaw is the
first ship in the Russian navy fitted for
using naphtha fuel exclusively. The re
cent trials were a decided success, as
over eighteen knots, or two knots above
the anticipated speed, was reached.
At a court-martial held on H. M. S.
Immortality at Hongkong last November,
Assistant Paymaster Wilder of the Im
mortality was ordered to lose three
years' seniority and be dismissed from
his ship for borrowing money— slso— from
a chief writer on the same vessel.
The Moskwa, the latest addition to the
Russian volunteer fleet, has arrived In
England on her first voyage from St.
Petersburg to Port Arthur and Vladivo
stock. The Moskwa was built on the
Clyde, and is 493 feet in length, 55 feet
beam and 24 feet draught, displacing
10,225 tons, and has a trial speed of 20
knots with 12,500 horse-power.
An armor plate > made by Brown of
Sheffield for the Japanese battleship
Asahl, building at Clydebank, was tested
last month at . the Elswick proving
grounds. The plate was 8 feet by 8 feet
by 8.8 Inches thick, and was attacked by
three rounds from an 8-inch Armstrong
gun, the shells being Wheeler-Stirling
armor-piercing shots. The velocities were
1859, 1964 and 2039 feet per second, and
the shots were all smashed, indenting
the plate only about three inches, and
showing some few hair cracks on the
face. The back was intact, except three
slight bulges, the most prominent of
which was 1% inches in height.
The Superb, second-class battleship, ia
to be commissioned and go to China to
serve as guardship at *Wei-hal-*Wei. She
la one of the old style ironclads, built in
ISBO, of 9170, tons, 8500 horse-power and 15
knots speed. Her main battery consists
of sixteen 10-inch muzzle-loaders and six
6-inch quick flrers. Her side armor la
compound, 12 Inches thick, and the Su
perb is altogether a very Inferior vessel
In the event of any actual hostilities.
The French naval programme for 1899
provides for the building of two vessels
of 4000 tons displacement each, which are
to be known as intelligence cruisers,
their duty being to convey news, com
munications and orders at a high rate of
speed. Each of them is to be able to
steam 1330 miles at a maximum speed of
23 knots per hour, and to carry sufficient
coal to steam SOOO miles at 10 knots per
hour.
The British Board of Trade has pub
lished a Parliamentary paper setting
forth the relative expenditures of Great
Britain, France, Germany, Russia and
the United States, as compared with
their mercantile interests. The year dealt
with is 1896-97, in which period England
expended twenty-four and one-third mil
lion pounds sterling to guard ten and a
quarter million tons shipping. France
spent ten and a half million pounds ster
ling to guard a tonnage of 920,871 in mer
chant ships; Germany, five and three
quarter million pounds sterling on a ton
nage of about 1,500,0000 of merchant ship
ping; Russia, six million pounds sterling
on 577,207 tons shipping, and the United
States expended six and a half million
pounds sterling on c 5.L54 tons shipping in
the foreign trade.
A CURE FOR
LA GRIPPE
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call: It may interest your readers
and the public in general to
know that during the great
influenza epidemic in London in
1889 the Board of Health of that city
advised the public afflicted with the
disease to make an abundant use of hot
lemonades.
The perspiration caused thereby is in
most cases sufficient to remove severe
colds and the consequent complications,
thus doing away with quinine or other
drugs, which often leave unpleasant re
sults.
For bronchial troubles the acid of
lemons relieves the irritation of the
throat, acting at the same time as a
natural disinfectant.
resh lemon juice even when diluted
in small proportions with water will
kill any cholera bacilli therein con
tained, hence it is not surprising that
it will destroy the so-called influenza
bacilli. Very truly yours,
CHARLES F. HEIZEL,
155 Herkimer street, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Lemon baths are popular in the West
Indies. Three or four lemons are cut up
and left to soak in water half an hour.
The bath is very refreshing.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing' Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL. CORONADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only {CO by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The best managed dairies in Minnesota
have reduced the cost of manufacturing
a pound of butter to 1,28 cents. The pre
vailing price in other States is about 3
cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hungry,
li |J>l£& 1 f A
vJ' (**/ *
Sick !
To the Churches,
To the Synagogues,
To the King's Daughters,
To the Doctors' Daughters,
To Charitable Physicians,
To Relief Associations,
To the Kind=Hearted Every-
where
We cannot come to you. WILL YOU
COME TO US? THERE ARE 2000
FAMILIES and parts of families by
actual count in three blocks around
SUNSHINE HALL, 934 HARRISON
STREET, near Sixth; mostly refined
and intelligent people, but many of
them in sore financial distress. Several
hundred children are suffering with
measles and as many adults with grip
and kindred complaints. WHOLE
FAMILIES ARE SICK, with no money
in the house to provide medical attend-
ance, medicine or food. Our superin-
tendent and half our active workers are
ill. A COMMITTEE WILL BE IN AT-
TENDANCE EVERY DAY from 9 to 3
to receive visitors and guide them to
the homes where relief is most needed.
Wanted— Work for strong men and
women, where they can be paid every
day. Medical advice, medicine, pro-
visions, food for sick mothers, new or
second-ham"* clothing, especially shoes,
and beading. Money In large or small
donations. Come and see for yourselves
and hear the stories of the patient suf-
ferer^ SILENT WORKERS.
(L "PATENTS! 3
I VS^33Q MARKET ST.SI.^SaSrTHE TITIAN
PRINCESS TETUA
Mourning in Papeete
•7 .Over Her Loss.
• WAS LOVED BY THE FRENCH
A " "-*
;.. MARRIED twice— HER
'7' husbands SCOTCHMEN.
:'■'. ' Narrow Escape of the Engineers and
. . • Firemen on the Torpedo Boat
Davis— After Boiler
Gave Out.
The French mall boat Tropic Bird
should have sailed for Tahiti and the
Marquesas last week, but necessary re
jTiirs have taken longer than was antlci
jpated.to make, so It will probably be the
end of the week before she can get away.
The Tropic Bird was forty days com
ing here .■■:-. Papeete and at times Cap
tain Jackson used to wonder if he would
over make port. Light and baffling winds
and calms were encountered from the
Ftart, and finally a fifty-mile run came to
be considered a good day's performance.
Off the coast a heavy gale was en
countered, and for twenty-four hours the
barkontine had a hard time of it. A
number of sails were blown away and
other damage was done that necessi
tated the vessel going on the drydock.
She was put on the marine railway at
Oakland Creek and is receiving a thor
ough overhauling.
.When the Tropic "Bird left Papeete all
Tahiti was mourning tlie death of the
•Princess Tetua Marama, "the one whose
power- extends over the heavens," heredi-.
tarv Princess of the islands. She was the
daughter of the Princess Ariioehau,
■whof.e authority extended over the isl
and of Morea and a number of districts
In 'Tahiti, and was born November 3,
1542. Princess Tetua was adopted by
Queen Pomare, and when she grew up she
became a great power in the southern
peas. At an early age she married a
Scotchman named John Brander. and by
hfm she had nine children, a:', of whom
are living. Brander was the head of the
greatest commercial house in the south
ern seas, and since his death his children
•are carrying on the business.
Later the Princess Tetua married
.George Darcie. and with him went to
Scotland. While living there the Princess
.'Kaiulani of Hawaii was frequently
their guest. By her second husband
Princess retua had three children.
•Commenting upon her death the Oceanle
Francaise said: "By the people of her
chi'efdom she was simply idolized, and
her Influence was greater than the bounds
of her authority. Her great trust In re
ligion; the beauty of her character and
*ncr widespread charity made her a power
In the South Pacific. » * * The rain
fo}l in torrents during the funeral. This
was ln -keeping with the Tahitian tradi
tion* that all official ceremonies are
blessed 'only as the rain falls on them.
Iv token of the public mourning in the city
•(Papeete) flags wore hoisted half-mast
high."
The crew of the torpedo-boat Davis had
.a lively time of it during the run from the
Columbia River to San Francisco. There
.'were twenty of them in the little vessel
'.and- not one of them had a dry stitch on
during the passage. When the hull was
painted inside, pulverized cork was
thrown all over it. After every spot had
been covered by the cork a coat of paint
•was put over it. In consequence the cork
■did not i -orb the moisture and the men
lived In a showerbath the whole time the
vessel was at sea. Worse than that, how
'fver the v after boiler gave out and an
other disaster like the one at Portland
.was narrowly averted.
■ II will be remembered that after a suc
cessful trial the Davis was lying along
side the wharf, geting ready for another
: run. Suddenly something went wrong
'with the forward boiler, and six of the
..crew were scalded to death before they
could be rescued. Leaving Astoria, the
•Davis was using only the after boiler.
'The men In the engine room decided to
allow the navy engineers to handle the
. forward one when they were in posses
sion of the vessel. They were not allowed
.to carry out their programme, however.
■ Something went wrong with the after
'-•■Boiler; the fires had to be drawn In a
hurry, and another disaster was narrow
■ly averted by the presence of mind of the
.engineer on watch. The Davis was ac
cepted by the Government before she left
Portland, so she will have to be fixed
up at the navy yard before she can go
into' commission.
. The Alviso River steamer Pan Jose has
been 'laid up for repairs. When coming
•to the dock last Saturday night a floating
'pile caught in her paddle wheel and did
considerable damage. Half a dozen
•blades were broken out of the fantall,
and the vessel crashed into the wharf.
The steamer's sides were badly chafed,
and some of the fender piles were knock
ed Out.
A number of vessels of local Interest
are overdue, and reinsurance Is being
raid on them as follows: Celtic Bard,
102 days out from Hoigkong for Victoria,
'.'B.C., 75 per cent; Caradoc, 92 days out
.'from. Hiogo, Japan, for Puget Sound, 90
• per cent; Prince Edward, 177 days out
from Philadelphia for Honolulu, 25 per
•cent, and Garnet Hill, 93 days from As
toria far Taku, China, 30 per cent.
THOUSANDS AT THE
PARK AND CLIFF
EXCITING RUNAWAY NEAB THE
OCEAN BEACH.
Two Young Men Create a Disturb
'••.-....•• ance and Get Arrested Fun
at the Chutes and Sutro
Baths.
. -This weather, crisp and Invigorating af
** -Jor- the -recent rain, drew thousands of
-. pleasure seekers from their homes yes
.-.terday. The park and beach were thickly
:.}'•' peopled, while the Chutes and Sutro'a
;,. Baths were unusually crowded,
'j ..The 'programme rendered by the Parte
... -baftd was select, and was listened to by
•on* Immense crowd, while the conserva
tory and museum were not deserted.
• ("wing to the removal of the California
...fftate Mining Bureau, that Institution has
. 'donated several valuable exhibits to the
*'.- museum, which, although it has been but
.- * four .years In existence, ls outgrowing
-.■ltself, and In the near future additional
\ .'.buildings must be secured to accommo
■:.dat'e the Incoming donations.
. •• Considering the vast concourse of peo
•'•ple-.'thG day at the park passed quietly.
! ,;*!-TwO young men. giving the names of
'• -George Lewis and W. F. Shetty, slightly
:;7t.he worse for liquor, created a disturb
• . ance near the music stand, and were
.' promptly jailed.
.*. ;O. S. Car rill, accompanied by an aged
'•lady, had an exciting experience. When
: -iTear'the beach the spirited animal Mr
.*: ''arrill was driving took fright and rati
away. The horse could not be controlled
• by the driver, and finally got one foot
• 'over the shaft and was kicking -fiercely
• and rapidly wrecking the buggy when
-Mounted Officer Chris Arellcrnes arrived
and subdued the maddened animal. For
. tunately Mr. Carrill and his companion
•escaped uninjured.!
These were the only Incidents that cre- '
ated any excitement, and In consequence I
'-. the police and hospital surgeons were j
grateful.
Planka and her lions are the sensation j
• at: -the Chutes this week. The fearless •
woman enters the cage placed on the
• e»age in the theater, and, blindfolded, •
• tiiakes the snarling, angry beasts per
form In a. manner extremely disgusting
.' •* them, but pleasing to the audience. At I
' thfe conclusion of Pianka'a performance i
; ;. 7 •
TROPIC BIRD IN A GALE OFF THE COAST.
THE French mail boat suffered in a southeaster while on her way here and is now on the marine ways at
Oakland undergoing repairs. It will be the end of the week before she will be ready to sail for Tahiti and
the Marquesas. The Tropic Bird brought the news of the death of the Princess Tetua Marama of Tahiti.
Emil Markeberg made another balloon as
cension. He soared about 2000 feet to
ward the clouds, and then cut his para
chute loose, landing safely in the street
near the grounds.
.wing were the results of the vari
ous aquatic contests at Sutro's Baths:
."'-vard dash, novice— G. Freeth, first; E.
Beytuss, second. 100-yard, juvenile— E.
Bonnlfield, first; G. Freeth, second. 100
--yard, non-professional— J. Vandallberg,
first; H. Hill, second. 50-yard amateur—
O. Beyfuss. first; H. Hiller. second.
Trick and fancy diving— D. Carroll, first;
A. Baker, second. Trapeze and high div
ing—R. B. Cornell, first; O. Schulte, sec
ond.
HOME FCR AGED HEBREWS.
The Annual Meeting of the Board cf
Directors Held Yesterday.
The tenth annual meeting of the board
of directors of the Home for Aged and
Disabled Hebrews, located at 507 Lom
bard street, was held yesterday after
noon. Chairman Samuel Pollack presided,
with Mrs. M. B. Kaskell secretary. There
was a full attendance of the members,
and much enthusiasm was manifested
over the excellent management of the
home during the past year.
* President Pollack, in rendering his re
port of the office of president, paid a
glowing tribute to the efficiency of Mrs.
Kaskell, the secretary. To her efficient
aid much of the success of the institution
was attributed.
During the past year the society had
gained as life and honorary members Slg
Greenbaum, J. W. Rosenthal, S. Schwa
bacher and Mrs. R. Sampson.
Stationary Engineers' Election.
San Francisco Lodge No. 1 of California,
National Association of Stationary Engineers,
has had the following named Installed as lv
FATHER PAULINO DIAZ, the Head of the Spanish Refugees.
officers for the current term: C. E. Elsassor.
past president; A. M. Locke, president; J. L.
Davis, vice-president; W. T. Bonney, corre
sponding and recording secretary; H. M. Cald
well, financial secretary: J. Leary, treasurer;
L.. W. Holbrook. conductor; P. Madden, door
keeper; W. Griffin, trustee.
To-morrow night at the meeting of the asso
ciation, 20 Eddy street, there will be given a
complimentary lecture on "The Evolution of
the Direct Current Generator" by Professor
E. L. Corey of the University of California,
who, will, with the aid of electrical Instru
ments and motors connected with the switch
board (ft the association, give practical Illus
trations of the subject. The association ex
tends an invitation to all who are interested
ln the work. ; .vy :
Astonishing Champagne Figures.
8G.555 cases or over one-half of all other
brands imported in 1895 of G H. MUMM'S
EXTRA DRY; made of the choicest
grapes and first pressings. Bottles bear
green neckband and star label. • ■
■ » »
Greatness of Great Men.
The "Greatest of Great Men" was the
theme of H. B. Leader's lecture last even
ing at the regular meeting of Lodge No.
7, Universal Brotherhood, San Francisco
Theosophical Society. The address was
Interesting and comprehensive. The par
ticular elements of greatness in a number
of great historical characters were Bet
forth lucidly and entertainingly. yyy,
--■ m •
A.iakesls cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesls. New York. •
« ♦ ■
There are times when the average boy
■would like to assume the role of father'
to the man for a lew brief momenta.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
FLED FROM
THE WRATH OF
AGUINALDO
Spanish Fathers Es-
cape Insurgents.
SOME WERE IMPRISONED
THEY PREDICT A GREAT IS
LAND INSURRECTION.
Wandered About in the Mountains
and Were Helped by Native
Filipinos to a Safo
Refuge.
A number of Spanish priests of the
Augustine order arrived from Manila on
Saturday and are now guests at the Occi
dental. They are en route to the United
States of Colombia, where they will con
tinue their missionary work which was
started some ten years ago in the Philip
pine Islands. ySv'y/v.
According to the story of the superior
priest, Father Paulino Diaz, the entire
party escaped from the insurgents and
narrowly avoided an imprisonment at the
hands of several of Aguinaldo's lieuten
ants. Father Diaz is the head of the vis
iting priests and it was at his orders that
the trip to this country was taken. The
?arty collected in Manila, coming together
rom their various missions scattered
through the island provinces. Had they
not exercised the greatest speed and in
genuity in escaping the toils set for them
by the Insurgent chieftains, Father Diaz
is positive that they would have been
made prisoners and their lives put in Jeo
pardy.
Two of the party, U. A. Lopez and B.
Fernandez, were captured by the insur
gents in one of the smaller islands. The
guard being remits in his duties they es
caped and for four months they wan
dered about in the mountains, seeking a
refuge or friendly aid which would enable
them to get out of the country. Through
the assistance of some villagers they
made their way to a seaport and then
embarked for Manila. Most of the others
passed through similar experiences and
all are now happy to be out of a country
which they say is rife with dangers and
perils. . •
The spokesman of the itinerants is
Father Diaz, the chief director. -,.
"I know that if we had remained In
that country much longer and in reach of
the insurgents' arms we would all now be
languishing in some Filipino prison.", he
said. "We are Roman Catholic priests,
who have devoted our lives to th© ser
vice of God, but that is not associated
with anything sacred in the minds of the
insurgent chiefs. Over four hundred of
the priesthood ln the islands are now
in the hands of the insurgents. What
their fate will be I cannot say. The pop
ulace is not inimical to our order. It is
the chieftain of the insurgent forces who
opposes us and throws obstacles in our
way.
"The United States will soon discover
that the Philippine problem is a great
one before they have done with it. The
insurgents are gaining strength day by
day and they will soon have a big, well
disciplined anu armed force to oppose
those who are not of their way of think
ing."
The priests vary In their estimates of
the insurgents' strength. One said there
were 100,000 armed Filipinos on the island
of Luzon; another as readily made it 200,
--000, and another 300,000. They all look for
ward to a wide-spread revolution and re
bellion against the interference of any
foreign power in the administration of
Insular affairs. Father Diaz was on Iloilo
and asserts that the seeds of insurrection
were already sown when he was there.
SUNDY NIGHT
WITH ROSENTHAL
A small but notably demonstrative au
dience attended the Rosenthal recital in *
the Metropolitan Temple last night and
enjoyed a well-chosen programme, which
was headed by Beethoven's sonata, Char- j
acteristique. Mr. Rosenthal's keen musi- |
cal intelligence always seems to find its
own in Beethoven, and his playing of the
sonata was characterized by authorita- i
tive analysis and beautiful tonal color. He ':
played again the Schumann Carnaval j
and his own brilliant arrangement. The ■
Vienna Carnaval, with the dauntless dash
and technical accuracy that marked their i
rendition at earlier concerts. Short pieces !
by Schubert and Chopin made up the bal- •
ance of the programme.
Mr. Rosenthal gives his farewell recital !
to-morrow afternoon at 1:30, in the same *
hall. This is the list of pieces:
Sonata, Op. 23. A-flat major (Weber), allegro j
moderato (con splrlto c assai legato), andante '
(mlnuetto caprlccioso; presto assai), rondo
(moderato c molto grazloso); etudes syrapho
nlques (Schumann): (a) nocturne, (b) mazurka,
<<•) valse (Chopin); (d) serenade (Schubert-
Liszt); (c) etude de concert (P. yon Bchloezer);
hexameron (variations on a theme by Bellini)
(Chopin-Liszt-Thalbergr-Herz-Czerny-Pixls).
CYCLE MEET POSTPONED.
"Will Be Held on January 22, Weath
er Permitting.
The big cycle race meet to have been
held by the Garden City Wheelmen at San
Jose had to be again postponed yesterday
owing to the rain. The management has
now set the date at Sunday, January 22,
and, weather permitting, it will be held
at that time.
A large crowd of local wheelmen went
down to the train yesterday morning, no
advices of the postponement having been
received. Fortunately one of them had
the forethought to telephone down to
San Jose just before taking the train, and
the postponement was then learned. They
were much dissatisfied because the Gar
den City Club had not telegraphed them
that the meet was off, as they might
have had the trip and the expenses at
taching to it for nothing.
Showed His Sense.
Two amate\-.- aeronauts were billed to
make ascensions ln balloons at Glen j
Park yesterday afternoon, but one of the !
novices decided that discretion was the
better part of valor,, and at the last mo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO WOMAN IS EXEMPT.
Regularity is a matter of importance
in every woman's life. Much pain is,
however, endured in the belief that it
is necessary and not alarming, when
in truth it is all wrong and indicates
derangement that may cause serious
trouble.
Excessive monthly pain itself will
unsettle the nerves and_make women
old before their time.
The foundation of woman's health is
a perfectly normal and regular per-
formance of nature's function. The
statement we print from Miss Ger-
trude Sikes, of Eldred, Pa., is echoed
in every city, town and hamlet in this
country. Read what she says:
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel like a
new person since following your ad-
vice, and think it is my duty to let the
public know the good your remedies
have done me. My troubles were pain-
ful menstruation and leucorrhoea. I
was .nervous and had spells of being
confused. Before using your remedies
I never had any faith in patent medi-
cines. I now wish to say that I never
had any things do me so much good for
painful menstruation as Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound; also would
say that your Sanative Wash has curefi
me of leucorrhoea. I hope these few
words may help suffering women." '
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department j»f
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year. $
- AH suffering women are invited to
write freely to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lyna v
Masa., for advice about their health. .7
ment was seen climbing the hills in a
hurried escape in the direction of the
County Jail. But Ed Larsen, the other
amateur aeronaut, in company with
Charles Conlan, an old hand at the busi
ness, went soaring to the clouds, and
covered himself with both glory and mud
by safely descending after his trip heav
enward "in the deer park at the Mission
Zoo.
LEES WANTS "ASSISTANCE."
. „. ■
Makes a Grandstand Play to the
Merchants' Association.
Chief Lees has taken prompt action in
the matter of the Police Judges refusing
on Saturday to sign warrants for the ar
rest of poolroom proprietors, south of
Market street. Yesterday he sent the fol
lowing letter to J. Richard Freud, secre
tary of the Merchants' Association:
I herewith Inclose you a copy of a report
submitted to me by Captain Spillane in regard
to our endeavors to stop pool selling on horse
racing. You will notice in this report that all
of the Judges refused to grant officers warrants
for the arrest of these men. If your associa
tion could render this department any aid In
procuring these warrants we should be pleased
to do everything in our power to stop this evil.
Judge Mogan happened to be around the
City Hall yesterday and he said he was
prepared to take his share of the pool
room cases. He thought the four Judges
should meet and agree to divide them
equally so as not to clog the calendar of
any one Judge. This will possibly be
done. ' '.yy ■-' ' -'ly - : .
The Merchants' Association has for
months been endeavoring to prevail upon
the owners of buildings not to let them to
poolroom proprietors, but their efforts
have so far been unavailing.
Scott Is Brought Back.
Richard Scott, the colored youth who
entered the residence of Mrs. Gray at
1003 Jones street several days ago and
stole $500 in gold coin which she had
placed in a bureau drawer, was brought
back from Los Angeles by Detective Sll
vey last night. When arrested he was
training Thompson, the colored pugilist,
who is matched to fight another man in
Los Angeles In a few days. Over $300 of
the stolen money was found on him when
he was taken into custody.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
SBS»ESCS2:^3L3L*i
Monday—Tuesday == Wednesday
v Mrs. Ohlsen's home-
id i ice I road*** Currant and
JcLLlcs I Apple Jelly. Guaran-
10c, Glass ( teed made from pure
I fruit and cane sugar.
) Regularly 15c.
\ New Era Brand. Pure
Baklnsr Powder f cream tartar and soda.
Dating *-uwuer l None tetter even at a
oUC. ID. tin l higher price. Regu-
) larly 40c. lb.
CORN ) Usually 1(1c —Tender,
y \- > creamy. Every grain
3 Cans zsc. i young and whole,
CLARET ) A good sound wine
__ _ „ ■> usually sold at 50c a
3oc. Gallon I gallon.
HAMAAIELIS ) Good for burns and
3**** * I SSftt» ptbot.
Witch-Hazel ) 2!, qt. bot. 40.
.. »_...._ - "i Imported French. y.
SARDINES f tins. Good fish in
3 Cans 25c. I pureolive oil. Usu-
) ally l^c.
piCfJß**"*. Part'cnlar people— thos.^ who want
UlujiOO. the best— buy their cigars here. A
large carefully selected stock to
choose from goods sold at a "grocer*
profit."
January Catalogue— so pages— mailed free.
Leading
Opticians/
14=16 Kearny Street.
Use 'f^^k se
Woodbury's pf*"*! Woodbury's
Facial Soap, *^y Facial Cream.
All blood disorders, skin and scalp diseases,
and nervous affections, no matter from what
cause or of how long standing, are success-
fully treated without the use .if mercury or
other poisonous drugs by JOHN H. WOOD-
HURT, 26 \V. 23d St., New York, and 163 State
St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive . sample each of Facial Soap or
Facial Cream, free.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burlingame to its new
home at Menlo Park, San Mateo County; ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business: next term begins January 18th, 1899.
IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D., Principal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
'^_^wh "^n7 ~^ *» c 3 "77—" ■
y^=^
A mines in Scranton, Perm. , who has resided there all his life, and worked
ta the coal mines ever since he was a boy of fifteen, and consequently is pretty
well known to hundreds, says that the foul atmosphere he breathed for so
many years in the mines, the gaaee, the damp and the cramped position in which
he hao to work, caused his entire System to run down, ' 'My stomach suffered
most," soid he. "J was induced to make trial of Bipans Tabules, and in a
month I was very much benefited. I made a practice of carrying a few of the
magic Tabules or Tablets in my pocket regularly, so as to be able to -allow ono
on the first sign of approaching trouble ; but now, and for some time past, I
am, and have been, a perfectly well man. Many of my feller miners are
familiar with my case, and not a few of them have learned to follow my example
and always keep two or three of the Tabules in an accessible pocket, and to take
te* st first sign of an internal disturbance or anything like & headache,"
: CITY OF IJI PARIS
1 /^-
-" DRY QOODS COMPANY.
B
5 Housekeeping Department !
B
? ON MONDAY, January 9,
± We will Inaugurate a GENUINE CLEARING-OUT
1 SALE of air ODD LOTS in our LINEN DEPARTMENT
■ at prices that will make them go.
B
I ODD CLOTHS (all linen), in sizes 8-8, 8-10, 8-12, 8-16, from $2 25 up
■ to J? 4 OO each.
| ODD CLOTHS, fringed and ajour, very cheap.
■ FUL- SIZE DINNER NAPKINS at $2 00, $2 25, $2 75, 92 90
| and {"*>;s 40. All pure linen, 1-3 under regular value.
■ IMPORTED COLORED BATH TOWELS.
| Reduced from 9 1 50 to 65c each.
■ Great bargains in odd lots FRINGED AND HEMMED HUCK TOWELS,
I all sizes and qualities, at prices to close out.
■ DOUBLE DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS AND SETS in choice colorings
I (German), at about SOc on the dollar.
a Odd lots in FRINGED DOYLIES AND HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS;
! prices all but cut in two.
? GREAT BARGAINS
B
I In REMNANTS of TABLE LINENS, PLAID GLASS "LINENS
Q CRASHES, etc., etc.
I NOTE.-Th: balance of this season's importation in PERSIAN FFG-
B URED FLANNELETTES and LINSEY WOOLSEYS, reduced to So per
] yard to run them out.
? COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND* PROMPTLY FILLED.
T CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
I SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
« UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLOMBIA «
SHAKESPEARE NEVER REPEATS,
BUT—
WILLIE COLLIER
DOES AND HAS FAR SURPASSED HIS IM-
* MENSE SUCCESS OF LAST YEAR IN
THE MAN
FROM MEXICO.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Next Monday— FßANK DANIELS' COMIC
OPERA COMPANY IN "THE IDOLS EYE."
mmmm -as
THIS WEEK ONLY.
EDWIN MAYO,
Supported by an admirable company in Frank
Mayo's dramatization of Mark Twain's re-
markable story.
"PUDD'NHEAD
WILSON.
THE GREAT THUMB-MARK PLAY.
Next Monday— Original "YON YONSON."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST WEEK OF
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle.
thTyellow dwarf."
TO-NIGHT. ANNA LICHTER Will Sing the
Celebrated Scene From "LA TRAVIATA."
And MASTER ARNOLD GRAGEN the New
Coon Song, "MY PHILIPPINE GIRL."
HEAR "DINAH AND LU."
NEXT WEEK "THE WEDDING DAY."
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto,
MISS BERNICE .HOLMES.
Matinee Saturday at 2.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
>;. B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... 2sc
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
Secure Your Beats in Advance.
tf>fl*&Mi»|| *"'* fill » non-pclsonoao
.<*JS(nmw ' mm *^iS remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JSSW CCBEb^BB Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
.W ir. 1 1 » I J»ji.\a Whites, unnatural .•*!».
AW/My Ocirmniftd y charges, or any inflamma-
"ptW not to atriciare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
TgPrereata con'.iglon. tion of mucous mem-
KelTHEEvANSCriEM'f'uno. branea. Non-astringent.
i %3s*{*»ClliClNWl,o E*?,YJ ° ,d by Dr »f*flf'-'»'*N
I V 3 l TWff or Ef>nt ' Q plain wrapper,
.it**rt.'»is>w' ' '^CTW by express, prepaid, tot
V^^Xf^PW^T^bl I 1 - r *'' bottle, $2.75.
°^»«<s2Xi*» lP t v » Circular aiat oa rood,
! Anil 111 anc ' Morphine Habits
mil Inffl cured at home. Write
I In l for full particulars and
UI lUlfl book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE. B. D. KIM MIS,
201 Turk St., San Francisco. ,-.
AMUSEMENTS.
The Comedy Act of the Season.
BARTON HILL AND CHARLES WILLARD.
?n P ffiuS. -% S lla . S^ the ***i and Lucila Nunn!
in Milton Nobles' Farce, "BELINDA BAI-
„„,„„„ LEY'S BOARDERS."
KRAUSE AND ROSA, and Their "Dutch
Pickaninnies."
baT? ULETTE AND CARLOS - Balancing Aero-
GEORGE EVANS, Monologue Artist.
PAPINTA! PAPINTA!
t^£7? A . TERESA BERGER, DELTORILLI
BROS. AND THE RAPPO SISTERS. a
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY
Seats now on sale for Children's Hospital
Benefit, Wednesday. January 18.
COMEDY THEATER.
. Formerly the Popular Bush. 7 #7..
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
As Immortal as the Declaration of Independ-
ence!
THE JOHN F. STOWE BIG SPECTACULAR
PRODUCTION OF
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Only Legitimate Organization Now Prop-
erly Presenting This Ideal American Drama.
LARGEST AND BEST IN THE WORLD.
20 COLORED 40 PEOPLE 20 WHITE.
A GREAT COMPANY.
A GREAT CAST.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c. SOc.
Matinees lsc and 25c.
Seats on Sale Box Office and Emporium.
January 16— New Musical Comedy, "TWO
MARRIED MEN."
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER!
....PIANKA....
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF TWO
CONTINENTS.
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE WM. F. SAPP.
THE OSSIFIED MAN.
10c, including Zoo and Theater. Children, 80.
AT P A *7 An SEATS BY PHONB
ALUAZ,AK Main 254.
TO-NICHT AND during
1 KJ lll\ltl I ENTIRE WEEK.
AUGUST lIN DALY'S
Brilliant Comedy Success.
XIXI 1 1 1 UIIXI
MAGISTRATE
Delightfully presented, with perfect stage ap-
pointments.
i s 5 - PRICES 500!
Next Week— Hoyt'a "A TEMPERANCE
TOWN."
IOROSCO'S GRANDS
Falter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manages
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON.
LAST WEEK! LAST WEEK!
OF
HI HENRY'S
BIG
MINSTRET,
JJrJL AGGREGATION. J-*
60— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS— 6O •
CROWDED HOUSE NIGHTLY.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
EVERYTHING NEW.
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT— LAST OF THE
SEASON.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 25c, 500
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ra M **-*> INGLESIDE
Mm -4># Urn !■> m TRACK. .
"The grandest racing plant ln America."—
Chicago Chronicle. y-:.%yv
I FIVE OR MORE
I RACES DAILY!
T FTIV"Q*n4V— THE PRESIDIO STAKES,
IT ElMi-Dl/AI three-year-olds, mile and a
furlong, sixteen entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. ■
— - I
CONCERTS and RESOBTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
To-morrow Afternoon at 1:30 Sharp.
.LAST RECITAL OF
ROSENTHAL.
Popular Prices $1, $1 50 and $3
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
. .THE . /
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
yy' : A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO IL j
EVERYBODY RIDES.
i "ADMISSION 10, INCLUDINQ HORSES* -*
56
PASSENGER AND
FREIGHT TRAINS
IN COLLISION
Railway Disaster in
Tennessee.
FOUR MEN LOSE THEIR LIVES
*
CRUSHED OR BURNED TO DEATH
UNDER THE DEBRIS.
The Crash Comes While the Trains
: Are Going at High. Speed and
There Is No Time to
Jump.
1180 *V.l ci iK-.wieia i"pa<Js
KNOXVILLE, Term., Jan. Four
: dead, two injured, one of these perhaps
fatally, and the loss of property of the
Southern Railroad to the value of about
'*' $25,000, are the result of a wreck which
occurred this morning on the Knoxvllle
7 and Ohio branch of the Knoxvllle divis
ion of the Southern Railroad, one and a
* half miles west of Elk Valley. The
7 dead:
ENGINEER J. I). MAXEY.
' .FIREMAN FRANK READDY, col
- ored. .
'. BRAKEMAN IONZA HOOVER, col
. ored.
".* FLAGMAN V*. A. DILLON.
. '-.The injured: Engineer Goff, badly if
7 not fatally cut on head and bruised;
. • Fireman George Huskisson, badly
"« burned and may die.
•' -Maxey, Readdy, Hoover and Dillon
were burned to death or killed under
■■-. neath the ruins of the engines and a
number of cars and coaches of the two
t". "wrecked trains.
This morning at 11:30 o'clock a
double-header freight train, laden with
coal and merchandise, crashed into a
mixed local passenger train while both
we're running at the rate of thirty-five
."miles an hour. The engines met head
on, the force of the impact being ter
rific. The trainmen did not have time
to jump.
The passenger train was fifteen min
.utes late and had the right of way. All
. the freight trains on the Knoxvllle and
Ohio division had been notified the
passenger train was on a late run, and
the only cause for the accident that can
• be given is that Engineer Maxey of the
' freight train misread his orders.
The passenger train carried about
twenty passengers. None of these were
* injured. ____________
•SENATORIAL FIGHT IN
WASHINGTON STATE
. Contest Gives Promise of Being a
Protracted and Exciting
,7. One.
OLYMPIA. Wash.. Jan B.— The Wash
ington Legislature will assemble
- here to-morrow. A United States
Senator to succeed John L. Wilson is
to' be elected. As the Legislature is
overwhelmingly Republican a man
• from' that party will be chosen. The
legislature stands on joint ballot: Re
.- publicans, 84; Democrats, '.*; Populists,
17; Silver Republicans, 1; Independent,
7 ]. made up as follows: Senate, 15 Re
•. .publicans. 13 Populists, 6 Democrats.
'.. House, GO Republicans, 4 Populists, 3
Democrats, i Silver Republican, 1 Inde
. pendent.
.Bo.h branches will vote in separate
session for United States Senator on the
second Tuesday after organization. The
leading candidates for the place are
'•".John L. "Wilson, the Incumbent; Levi
'.• Ankeney, a banker of Walla Walla;
■ -'.Addison C. Coster, a large lumber dealer !
'* of Tacoma; T. J. Humes, Mayor of Se
attle, and J. S. McMillan, a lime manu- j
• fttcturer of Roche Harbor. Neither can- |
'* " didate has a majority and the contest I
'• premises to be an exciting? and pro
. tracted one. In some quarters ex- !
"United States . Senator Joseph B. Allen '
*. • .of Seattle is mentioned as a probable
•; dark horse. While there is a professed
■" s^hciment.for a Republican caucus on
' '.the Senatorship, no definite steps have
"• ' yel been taken in that direction.
1 FRAWLEY COMPANY I
FINDS BUSINESS POOR
' Closes Its Season at Kansas City,
f /-,7* . • Canceling Supplementary
Engagements.
'■'.*. 'KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. S.— The Fraw
'7 ley Company closed Its season here last
. evening on account of poor business and
°.° this afternoon ail the members left for
. ••' New .York. The regular season was
» ... . scheduled to end here, but Mr. Frawley
'•had scheduled a supplementary season,
-' ■beginning with three weeks in New Or
•• leans. Prospects were so unpromising,
'. « however, that he suddenly decided to can
"* = •• eel all engagements and quit.
. . The company played to very bad busi
ness her/and has not done well for sev
eral weeks, although Mr. Frawley says
''" he made money early In the season. The
•'„. Company -will be reorganized after a few
. " / "weeks for a* spring season at Washington,
• . ' D. C. Not one of the members of the
present company has an engagement ln
*'.-. view. . ;--:^:.v- : '-._ -;•-. ''■';■;■:
''QUARTZ" WILSON DYING.
Mining Man Accidentally Shoots
Himself.
' SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. B.—Jona
than "W. Wilson, a mining man, better
' known by the sobriquet of "Quartz" j
\ Wilson, accidentally, shot himself at j
Twenty-nine Palms and is not expected I
to live. He had taken off his revolver |
and laid it. on a chair in his cabin and j
thrown his coat across the chair. On
taking up his coat again, he pulled the
revolver off the chair. It fell hammer !
down, exploding a cartridge. The bul- !
let struck him In the right leg, just be- j
low the thigh, and ranging upward, ;
lodged in his groin. An attempt was I
made to bring him to the County Hos
pital in this city, but it was found im
possible to remove him.
The wourided man is over 60 years of !
age, and has resided at Twenty-nine i
Palms for nearly or quite twenty years. I
His little adobe cabin has been a regu- '
lar stopping place for water In all \
travel between Palm Springs and Dale j
City, being situated fifteen miles out
from the former. Wilson was the, own- I
er of a number of quartz claims : that
yielded an income sufficient " for his |
nfeeda. *7v *
Death of Mrs. Kinsman.
DECATUR, 111., Jan. B.— Private tele
grams to-day announce the death of Mrs.
George C. Kinsman, wife of the superin
tendent of telegraph of the Wabash
road, at Bermuda. The body will be
brought to New York on the 14th and be
buried at Monroe, Mich. Mrs. Kinsman
left here for a pleasure trip to Bermuda
two weeks ago.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
'Bush and Larkin it*. Swimming, Russian, hot
sad cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
. " -■.■*>'■..•"; :,:•.■"*■-■: ' ■■ ■ ■y--V
GERMAN STEAMSHIP
LINES TO THE EAST
r> i ' i- /-v yy.yy t ' r w i '-i,yy r-> i
Subsidies Granted for Vessels to Run to
Japanese, Chinese and Australian
Ports.
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.— The great Interest in Asiatic commerce
which other nations as well as the United States are now feeling, Is
illustrated in a recent subsidy agreement made by the German Gov
ernment with the Lloyd steamship line, by which It proposes to pay
more than a million dollars a year for a fifteen year term for the es
tablishment of steamship lines to ply between its ports and those of
Japan. China and Australia and certain ports of Oceanica. Four
steamers are under this contract to be built fcr the Chinese and
Japane.se service, to be of not less than 6000 tons, and those for the
Australian line are to be not less than 5300 tons. All the ships are
to be built in German yards and German material is to be used as
far as possible, all admiralty requirements to be carried out in them,
putting them Into condition in which they can be readily utilized for
war purposes when necessary.
It is also announced that a Bremen firm intends to establish with
steamers now being built for that purpose a steamship line on the
Tang-tse-Kiang in China, to ply between Shanghai and Hankow. By
the aid of the line, which will connect with the subsidized lines run
ning from Hamburg to Shanghai, German dealers and German In
terests will be in direct communication not only with Shanghai,
which baj two-thirds of the import trade of China, but also with
Hankow, one of the most important commercial cities of China, and
having a population of about 1,000,000. It is now being connected
with Peking by railroad. German exports to Asia and Oceanica
have moro than quadrupled In the decade ended in 1596.
PLENTY OF WORK
FOR CONGRESS
Programme In the Sen-
ate and House.
OPPOSITION TO EXPANSION
MORGAN'S CANAL BILL WILL
FOLLOW HOARS SPEECH.
In the Lower Branch Appropriation
Bills Will Have the Right of
Way During the
Week.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, Jan. The week
promises to be a busy one in the Senate.
It will begin with an elaborate and
i carefully prepared speech by Senator
I Hoar, to be delivered immediately after
i the transaction oi the routine business
j to-morrow in opposition to the expan
| sion of American territory. This speech
! is of considerable length and with the
interruptions that are liable to occur
, it will probably consume the greater
1 portion of the day. Tuesday Senator
. Mason will diccuss briefly his resolu
tion in opposition to this country's as
; serting sovereignty over Cuba and the
j Philippines, taking strong ground for
the independence of the people of those
islands. . .
Senator Morgan will make an effort
I early in the week to get the Senate to
name a date for taking a vote upon ids
i bill for the construction of the Nicar
! aqua canal, and whether he succeeds
j or not, will preis the bill as continu
j ously upon the attention of the Senate
las clrcumstancec permit. Unanimous
j consent is necessary to the fixing of a
! time for a vote, und it is not probable
j that this will be secured for some time
to come.
It is the expectation that the peace
| treaty will be reported on Wednesday,
j and also that some of the appropriation
bills now in the hn.nds of the Committee
on Appropriations will be brought in
towards the close of the week. Imme
diate consideration! will be asked for the
appropriation bills but it is possible
that the beginning of the debate upon
the treaty may bt* postponed until next
week. There is an effort on foot among
the opponents of the treaty to have it
discussed in open session, but the indi
cations are against such a course.
The time of the House will be fully
occupied from tbis time forward until
the conclusion of the session. Appro
priation bills, which are already in an
unusually advanced stage, are to be
! kept to the fore, but there is a deal of
other important legislation which will
press for consideration at every oppor
| tunity. Perhaps the most important
I single measure is the bill for the re-or
-1 ganization of the army. It was tbe
j general understanding before the recess
that this bill would be given considera
: tion immediately after the holidays, but
j the illness of Chairman Hull of the
Military Affairs Committee will delay
this measure until he is sufficiently re
covered to attend the sessions of the
House. His illness will also delay the
military academy and army appropria
tion bills. Meantime the friends of the
navy personnel bill are pushing for its
consideration, and the Rules Committee
may give a day to it during th? present
wtek. The bill represents a complete
agreement between the line and the
staff. These two branches <f the ser
vice have been at war for many years,
but now they have at last got together
! and agreed upon a measure. Its pass-
I age, once it gets to a vote, is assured.
' The only opposition to it is likely to
j arise from the fact thut the organiza-
I tion it contemplates involves an ad
: ditional charge on the treasury of sev
eral thousand dollars.
The final vote on the legislative, ex
ecutive and judicial appropriation bill
will take place to-morrow. The oppon
ents of the civil service law succeeded
in striking from the bill while the
House was in committee of the whole,
the appropriation for the maintenance
of the committee. But to-morrow
when the vote is taken in the House
where members are obliged to go on
record, there is little doubt but that the
appropriation will be restored. The. dip
lomatic and consular and the naval ap
propriation bills are the next budget to
be taken up and either or both may be
considered this week. _
Such time as intervenes will dp con
sumed in the consideration of the bill
for the codification of the laws of
Alaska. This bill has been made a con
tinuing order. Portions of two day?
have already been consumed by it and
less than seventy of the 232 pages of the
hill have been disposed of. The lawyers
of the House show an inclination to go
over it critically section by section, and
it may bo before the House for an in
definite period.
A Remarkable Record
BfS.SGS cases of G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA
DRY imported in 1898, 52,649 more than
any other brand. Made of choicest grapet,
and first pressings. Bottles will bear
green neckband and star label. . •
THE SAX FRAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
THREE PERISH IN
A BURNING HOTEL
Fatal Conflagration in
Pittsburg.
THE RICHELIEU DESTROYED
FRANTIC FIGHT FOR LIFE IN
THE DOOMED HOSTELRY.
One Man Saves Six Persons by Lock
ing Them in a Room Until
the Arrival of Fire
men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Jan. S.— ln a fire which
broke out in the Hotel Richelieu at
3:15 o'clock this morning, three of the
guests lost their lives and five people
were badly hurt. The dead:
AMOS J. LANDIS, Grapevine, Pa.
GEORGE A. WATERS, Camden, N. J.
MRS. KATHERINE BOYLE, Pitts- !
burg.
The victims were suffocated by the
dense smoke.
The injured are: Dr. Robert Blacks
ley of Plymouth, Pa., fracture of ver
tebrae, caused, by falling from third
floor window, will probably die. Henry
Painter, Grapeville, Pa., small blood
vessels of lungs ruptured by inhaling
smoke; may recover. John L. Mills,
proprietor of the hotel, face and body
badly burned. Miss Mills, his daughter.
! cut by glat-a while breaking through
j the window to escape. William Gar-
I retson, Clearfield, Pa., delegate to
[ Miners' National Convention, painfully
j burned about back and hips; returned
, home.
The fire originated on the second
\ floor from an Explosion of gas. and
within a few minutes the building was
i a mass of flames and blinding smoke.
! The noise of the explosion awakened
I most of the guests, about twenty in
j number, and a frantic fight for life en
i sued.
Robert N. Thompson of Kalaska.
Mich., a salesman for the Cadillac
I Lumber Company, was the means of
j saving nt least six lives. In the first
! moments after the explosion he rushed
I into the hall of the second floor and
I stumbled over the unconscious form of
a woman, whom he dragged into the
reception room. Five others, three
men and two women who had been
turned back from the stairway by the
, flames, were shrieking and fighting for
1 some exit. Thompson forced them all
Into the big room and looked the door.
Knowing that it meant death to go into
the hall, he fought the desperate men
! back until the arrival of the firemen,
when all were rescued.
The pecuniary loss was but $15,000.
MINE OWNER IN
JAIL FOR CONTEMPT
Mayor of Victor, Colo., Imprisoned
for Having Ignored an In
junction.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Jan. B.— James
Doyle, Mayor of Victor, Colo., and a
wealthy owner of mines in the Cripple
Creek district, occupies a cell in the
County Jail here, having been committed
by Judge Lunt of the District Court for
contempt of court. Ills alleged disregard
of an Injunction issued by Judge Lunt
against him not to prosecute a suit
brought by him at Council Bluffs, lowa,
against James F. Burns of the Portland
Gold Mining Company to recover several
hundred thousand shares of Portland
stock, caused Judge Dunt to order his
commitment. Mr. Doyle was in Denver
when the order was issued, but on learn
ing of it, took the first train for this
city and accompanied the Sheriff to Jail.
Mr. Doyle spent the day reading the
papers and has seen several friends. He
declines, however, to say anything about
his case. Ills relations with the officers
are of the most friendly character and
he seems to appreciate the novelty as well
as the unpleasantness of his detention.
It is expected that an effort to secure !
his release on a habeas corpus writ will
be made to-morrow. ,7--
Janowski's Fifth Victory.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— Showalter and !
Janowski contested the eleventh game of j
their mutch at the Manhattan Chess Club j
to-day, and after twenty-six moves Sho- j
walter resigned. The latter opened with
a queen's gambit, in the course of which
he got the better position and soon al
lowed his adversary to get on even terms.
Later on the Parisian took the attack
into his hands, and by rather ingenious
playing won. a pawn after twenty-four
moves. Showaiter might have prolonged
the fight by selecting a better move for
his twenty-fifth turn. As it was, how
ever, Janowski was enabled to win the
game two moves later. The score of the
match is now Janowski 5 Showalter 2,
drawn 4. The twelfth game will be played
on Tuesday.
Steel Plant Resumes.
MIDDLESBOROUGH. Ky.. Jan. B.—
P. Perrin has floated bonds for $300,000 on,
the Watts steel plant, and the. plant re
sumes at once. This is the largest basic
steel works in the South -and employs 700
workmen. It was built ln 1893 at a cost of
$750,000.. * .-■.'..„
DINED ON PENGUIN
EGGS FOR MONTHS
Shipwrecked Men On a
Barren Island.
TALE OF STRANGE ADVENTURE
'
CHEW OF THE GLENHUNTLEY
SAFE AT LAST.
Long Ago Given Up for Lost, but
Were Awaiting Assistance
on Tristan d'Acunha
Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— Captain R. R.
Shaw and the crew of ten of the British
bark Glenhuntley, long given up for
lost, are alive and well and on their
way to Liverpool. They abandoned the
Glenhuntley in a fierce gale on June 4,
1898. For 154 days the eleven sailors
lived on Tristan d'Acunha Isle, more
than 1500. miles south by west of Cape
Good Hope. They subsisted on pen
guin eggs and the flesh of sea eagles
and shared with the seventy-two white
Inhabitants the scanty stock of pro
visions that the captain of a passing
vessel could spare. After almost four
months of such existence the British
warship Thrush, making an annual
voyage of inspection through the South
Atlantic, rescued the castaways and
late in November last landed them in
Simon's Bay, South Africa.
A letter has been received in this city
from Captain Shaw by way of Cape
Town, which tells his mishaps and ad
ventures.
The Glenhuntley. with a general
cargo, sailed from New York for Free
mantle, Australia, on March 31 last.
The voyage was uneventful until the
early days of June, when the bark ran
into a frightful storm which so buf
feted her that on June 4 Captain Shaw
and his crew had to abandon her and
take to their boats. For several days
they rowed and then landed on Tristan
d'Acunha. ________
HEAVY WEATHER
ON THE ATLANTIC
Terrific Storms Encountered by the
' Manchester Trader and
77177 Damara.
HALIFAX. N. S., Jan. B— The overdue !
Furness line steamers Manchester j
Trader and Damara reached port to-day, I
the former arriving here and the latter
at St. Johns, N. F. A brief cable from j
St. Johns says the Damara had terrific
weather, being twenty-three days out |
from Liverpool, but suffered no material i
damage, and all on board were well.
The Manchester Trader was nineteen I
days out. She reports the most terrific j
weather she ever encountered. She sailed ■
from the other side for Halifax on De
cember 19. The first heavy weather was
on December 26. There was a strong
northwest gale. On the night of the 2Sth
the barometer fell to 28.50. On the 29th a
break in the machinery occurred and the
steamer was hove to for four hours. The
Cunarder Aurania was signaled and of
fered assistance, which was declined.
That was In latitude 49.23 north, longitude
35 22 west
The 28th. 29th and 39th witnessed the
heaviest weather of the voyage. The ve
locity of the wind was nearly 100 miles an
hour. Tremendous seas broke over the |
steamer, smashing ventilators and ren- i
dering the wheelhouse uninhabitable.
Small hand steering gear was located
forward. The ship rolled heavily, tho en
gines' racing and the smashing of the sea ■
put the steering gear out of order twice.
Once the steamer fell away in the trough !
of the sea and the masses of water which |
rolled over her caused a fear that she
would founder. The damage was repaired
and the steamer proved herself a magnifi
cent sea boat. . ■':
The weather began to moderate after
January 2. No cold weather was experi
enced until crossing the Banks.
MANY MOURNERS AT
DR. THOBURN'S BIER
Faculty and Students of Stanford At-
C tend the Funeral of the
Professor.
PALO ALTO, Jan. B.— The funeral of j
the late Dr. W. W. Thoburn took place j
from the family residence in Palo Alto |
this afternon. It was largely attended by I
members of the faculty and students,
many of whom came great distances to
be present at the last rites.
The services were conducted hy Pro
fessor A. T. Murray and Rev. Mr. Bur
well of the Methodist church at Palo
Alto. The pall-bearers were Professor D. :
Marx, Dr. Griffln, Dr. Gilbert, Professor j
Greene, Professor Claude Whlttier and 1
James Hyde. The interment was In th'J i
faculty cemetery in the Arboretum.
DE CASTELLANE ANGERED. '-
Resents the Statement That He He- I
cently Fought a Duel.
PARIS.Jan. B.— Count Boni de Castel- |
lane, member of the Chamber of Depu- j
ties for the Castellane district of the I
Dower Alps,' who married Miss Anna I
Gould, will institute proceedings against j
the Dcs Droits de l'Homme for asserting j
that In consequence of a quarrel regard- |
ing an actress he recently fought a duel \
with M. Paul do Roulede, founder of the- j
Patriotic League and member of the
Chamber of Deputies from the Angou
leme division of Charente.
Death of Colonel Parsons.
CLE LAND. Jan. B.— Colonel' Richard
C. Parsons died to-day, aged 72 years.
Colonel Parsons as a young man was a
member of the Ohio House of Representa
tives and Speaker of that body. Later he
was appointed by President Lincoln Con
sul to Rio de Janeiro. Subsequently he
was Marshal of the United States Su
preme Court. He served one term in Con
gress and was Instrumental in inaugurat
ing the harbor improvements at this port.
For a time he was editor of the Cleveland
Herald. At the time of his death Colonel
Parsons was referee In bankruptcy. De
ceased was a flne orator and a writer of
force.
Armour's Gift to Princeton.
PRINCETON, N. J., Jan. B.— was an
nounced to-day that George A. Armour of
the class of '77 has given 510,000 to Prince
ton University to found a classical de
partment In the university library. For
the next three years he will give $2700 an
nually for the further support of the de
partment. Mr. Armour came to Prince
ton from Chicago four years ago.
— —— • — i — i
Alexander B. TJpshaw Dead.
NEW YORK, Jan. B.— Alexander Brad
ford Upshaw is dead at his home in this
city, aged 48 years. He was a native of
Holly Springs, Mass., had, been connected
with the Nashville: American, was ap
pointed Commissioner of Indian Affairs
in 1889 by Secretary Lamar and was aft
erward Calvin S. Brice's political and
business manager in Ohio.
Ameer of Afghan Very 111.
BOMBAY, Jan. B.— Dr. Clements, who J
for "some time has been attached to the j
military service of the Ameer of Afghan
ln the capacity of veterinary surgeon,
has just arrived here -I from Cabal 1, the
Afghan capital. "He says the Ameer Is
in 111 health and cannot be expected to
live long.
PREACHES PEACE
BUT PLANS WAR
Activity of the Russian
Government.
FEVERISH WORK AT STATIONS
NAVAL AND MILITARY PREP
ARATIONS FOR DEFENSE.
Increased Enrollment in the Army
and Navy„ and Reinforce
ments Sent to the Far
East.
Special D**pateh to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 9.- The Sebastopol
correspondent of the Times, who has
been touring In European Russia for
two months to discover, if possible,
some evidence on the part of the Rus
sian Government to give effect to the
disarmament proposals of Emperor
Nicholas, says all his observations were
quite to the contrary. The correspond
ent says:
"At the na~/al dockyards I found
feverish activity. Not a man has
been withdrawn from the frontiers.
The Ministers of War r.nd Marine have
been inspecting all the important mili
tary and naval stations, urging an ac
celeration of the preparations for de
fense, but apparently never mentioning
the Czar's manifesto. The number of
men enrolled in the army and navy dur
ing the months of October and Novem
ber last were larger than ever. Re
enforcements* are being sent to the
Far East as fast as they can be trans
ported and all the garrisons along the
Russo-Turkish frontier are being large
ly Increased."
TWO HUNDRED CARS
OF RAILS COMING
Southern Pacific to at Once Complete
Its Coast Line to San
Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. Two
freight cars laden with typewriter desks
and other offlce supplies arrived last
evening for the general manager of con
struction of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. This, added to the fact that 200
flatcars have been ordered to New Or
leans to transport steel rails to Ellwood,
Indicates that the Southern Pacific Com
pany will go ahead immediately to finish
the coast line to San Francisco.
It ls reported from reliable sources that
a gang of 500 laborers will be put at
work on this end of the line. General
Manager of Construction Bosque will ar
rive in a day or so and make his head
quarters at Ellwood.
Extension of a Railroad.
EL PASO, Jan. B.— C. B. Eddy, president
and general manager of the El Paso &
Northeastern Railway, wired to-day from
New York to the contractors here to pro
ceed at once with the work of preparing
to grade the extension of the main line
of the road from Laluz to Salado, near
White Oaks, New Mexico, a distance of
ninety miles. At Salado are located the
extensive coal fields, which were discov
ered about twelve years ago. The exten
sion Is to be completed by May "0 next.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I NERVOUS I LOST \
\ DEBILITY j VITALITY I
1 CAN BE i CAN BE \
I CURED. { RESTORED. I
* <N@^ *j , r-^ ♦
* ,.*..,. *
O • • * a • >-»->-•■
♦
o Until DR. MEYERS & CO. entered *
4 the field as specialists fur all diseases O
O and weaknesses of men In ISBI those 4
4 who were afflicted with these ailments 0
0 were unable to find anything but ter- ,
. porary relief, and in many instances ▼
♦ even a lull of their suffering, dangers °
O and embarrassments was not afforded *
4 them. °
o **Z~^>~*— DR. MEY- *
4 je^-^v*^^s_^ EHS * co - °
o //^^^*®S?*Slv have made a *
4 — %&JS life-long study o
o *Ss§§3* ot these trou- 4
i V**BWi. *^Z*~\ their staff Is a , o
T Yf\&* yP^^<y\^f?\ graduate from 4
0 '( : mk "tfZ&SrJ V&si ithe best o
* \\m fZ^* V^ST schools ot 4
0 \\ WA I /• \^i medicines ln I
4 V^KKLI >^SKrfla *- he world: all ?
O isiWfel .X^JllJi^J ur " specialists J,
* o^lmW^o^r^^^ wlth ' natur l 4
%&&A\ ■'"'■ '' r!ce - A " con - *
« tfikm^. I\V%Mls't/J£L'2 su,t **'h*n a °
o '^llfcvNl' difficult" case 4
«v? kn. i_ m,' 11HW Is undertaken, 0
'♦•--:-■ - DR. MEY- i;
9 ERS & CO. do not simply treat but *
♦ they CURE— make robust men out of °
o physical wrecks, and Rive new vim, *
4 hope and ambition. o
5 WO PAYTILLCURED I
0 BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE. ♦
♦ PUT THE MONEY IN BANK.— Pa- 4
o tlents who have the least doubt about \
♦ being cured may deposit the price of a J,
o cure In any bank or with any well- ?
4 known business house or newspaper ln *
o Kan Francisco, such deposit NOT to be °
4 paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa- *
O tlent is convinced that he Is perma- ' °
4 nentiy cured. 4
0 If patients prefer they may take the o
4 treatment on the installment plan, or »
0 they may pay the entire price for a cur« o
i direct to the doctors and thus obtain a 4
' liberal discount. I
? Prices reasonable In all cases, whether 4
' rich or poor. '
? f All cures as lasting as life. ?
I DR. MEYERS & CO. : i
5 731 Market St., S. F. J
o Hours. Bto 5 daily. °
* Take Elevator. Evenings, 7 to 8 . ♦
o Sundays, 9 to 11. o
v^^J^vly WHEN: YOU
(o^^?^^r^^. Require an ELEC-
■^^^jJ^STRIC : BELT ? "Dr.
/n^Bf^^'-'S^ Pierces" and you will
i y^^^y )a x y< not be disappointed.
•*/sfC" CaU or address PIERCE
■') ELECTRIC CO., 620
Marks* *.. (opp. Palace Hota). S. F.
NERVITA..BE--!*JEK ,r
IMCnVI I A** LOST VIGOR.
,*v|£S§s) — *•*"■ AND MANHOOD
fc£§^» I Cures Impotency Night Emissions end wasting
%Se3>?? £ diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
wj fyJt indiscretion. A nerve/ionic and blood'buiider,
LlK^^wr Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
rrim»i^ stores the (ire of youth. By mail 600 per
Kl^^^a 1 ! boxi 6 boiesfor $2.50; with a written
SSi'S^eKx 1 guarantee to cure or refund the money.
•a-mrtta rn*dical Co., CHnton * Jackson its., CMcaga,
"WALLER BROS., 23 Grant ave.,San Francisco.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
JUL Msa&r -vrixcv M Mssasd M vL
Purchasers' Guide to Kespocsibis Merchants, Mannfactnrers, Brokers, lm*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insaranco and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Cerrssponflißg Witt Any if tt» rsU**^ Firms PJtsjo Keatioa "Tin CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE
THE P. ROSSI CO,,
flrtlstlc Furniture and firl 'Mars Importers,
117 SUTTER .STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOENIN6,I^ p n a d^ 8 mv9IML
BELTIINO,
LD lIC^CV Manufacturer of Belting nnd
P. DtULN, Lbco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
bo:Ter MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPAM,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BRIEN & SOlNSEandau" Hacks, Victorias,
DnlLlN U jUnJDandaus, Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIU IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths, !
nxfr's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed. 777T71_777 j
DRUGGISTS i\sHOLESALE ,
BEDIH6TON & GO, lT&*& s rjn n ; !
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & CO,, P y Pln^e» B^ C a h , n i2l4" |
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
rtll&IO Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
la 1 1 fIU V Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
U JIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHKEVE.
ww* « w 733 Market street.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters'? Dealers i
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. j
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Proos., I
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
ecription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
S^CANCER
KNIFE or PAIN
* i __l \vSS^^ No Pay until Cured
(wB K^l.™ Any lump in a wo-
__7__^R SWama^^iPaE's breast is cancer,
and if allowed to get
large, always poisons
__fi_H ■f^S*. tbe glands iv the arm-
ffi&t pit. When the cancer
r yfeyS largo cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOME WITH CANCER |
RAILROAJJ TRAVEL.
CAiffOJZNU NORTHWESTERN BT. COL
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND . NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
l y SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TVEKK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. in.; 12:33.
S:3U, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
und 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:B*.
6:00. C:2O p. ra.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:50 and 6:35 p. m.
•SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. no-'. 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18, .
"Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam! 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
3:30 9:3oarr/j Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:15 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pn» Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
( | Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
B:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
I Hopland and
.7:20 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm C:22pra
?:30am) 8:00 am] Sonoma [io:4oam B:4oam
I and
6:lopra: s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am] 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 prill 6:00 pm j 7:35 pm 0:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyrllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue- Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's"
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Booneville Orr'i
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvtlle. Cum-
ming s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa & Route
Cormocf.inK Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at li
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob- j
servation Car and Eleotrlo |
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally j
Overland Express.
SUN FRAHCISCO TICKErOrTiCE — MARKET SI, i
TELEPHONE MA TN 1631.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Streak
San Jose Office— Vest Santa Clara St |
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, IWS. trains will run as follows: .
South-bound. I North-bound. I
_ .
Paseen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen- :
ger. I Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily, j
B:2oam 10:30 am [ Stockton 3:45 pmj 5:50 '
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced ' 12:40 pmi 4:03 pm
11:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am I 2:32 pm ;
12:38pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 I:3spm i
:20pm 12:30 am Bakerafleld 2:30am,11:25 am
12:58 8:50 . Vlsalla . 6:40 am 1:15 pm '
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections I
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco. ]
MANUFACTURERS.
COI.DEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Caesimeres. Tweeds anl
Flannels, 53', Market St.. San Francisco. Cal
Goods for sale at all leading . ry-good^ st
MARINE INSURANCE.
STVISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4 000 000 ES "
STZ & co!. Agents,
" «01 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE P %?_- paper co..
*mU.H**-|EI i L 722 Montgomery Strict.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO antl MUSIC STORB
KOHLER & CHASE,
2S and ?0 O'Farrell st. • -Y.r,
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING.
g^C HUGHES, m S^slVeet.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegt ? ph, C ARTRgDGE %S2^
JHEjIICKS^D CO., Sgg^^^,
TYPEWRITERS.
g||w All Typewriters Rented.
Sfer^i* Few partly used for sale cheap.
relsS^-v AGE^"TS SMITH PREMIER.
•allllillSs L. &M. ALEXANDER.
'^ t * Ji * i ~ J 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER. "
WHOLESALE & retail ; send for samples, stat.
ing quality & color. DUFFS* CO.. 32$ Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Ge.-.,
eral Storage Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen.
eral office. HO California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI flftllY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
♦ mi-Uflf n is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st!
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO. at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Offlce and Yards 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINO.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Placing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 59«.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HODTIIKKN PACIFIC f«)*HP.4M.
(PACIFIC MVKTKM.t
Tralas l(ST« nmi mt* •in« tw mrlTf nl
man rKAMt'iaco.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tSAVB — From Dec. 18, 1893. — Aitr.rri
~*AiOOa Niles. Sao Jose and Way Stations... *«:43a
7:OOa Ki-ulci», Sulsuu »ud Sacramento..,. oi43r
T:4»«»a MarTSTtlle, OroTille r- d Redding ris
Woodland S:4,tp
7iooa Elmlra, Vacaville and Rumsey 8«45f
7::it>A Martinez, San iiantca, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Sin Rosa 6:l. "if
SiAOa Atlantic Express, (igdeu and fast.. Si-».*i»
suao a San Jose, Lirermore, Ktockton,
lone, Socranieuto, Placirrille,
MurysTllle, Chico, Red ItlutT 41« l»»
»:30» 'Milton, Oakdalr and Jamestown... 4:1
(:(lUa Martinez, Tncjr, Laturop, Stockton,
Merced ai.d fc'resno 12ilSf
OiUOa Fresno, ISakersilel.:, *HniiU ll»rl.»ra.
Los Angelas, Deming, EI Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:40r
I 0:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i43p
lst:*oK Niles, LiTertuore, Stockton, Hscra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
FtrtCTTille i-. 4:l»p
*I:00r Sacramento Hirer SteHiin-ra *!l:OOr
«:»»!• Martinez, Sun lUmmi, Vslfejo,
Haps, (jAlintn^A, Hunt* Hosu ttilSa
4iUap Beulcia, Vaoaville, .Saorniinnito,
tVooiiland, Kidtfbts Landing,
Mar/nviUa, OrovHie ..- -10:43 a -
4iSOr Niles, San Jose aud Stockton ........ 7:15p
SiOOfSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakenfield, Los
AuKeles 9:15 v
»:30p Stockton, Meroe«l, Fresno 13:13r
B:SOp Martinez, Tracy, *Jendota, Fresno,
Mnjaic, Santa i.srhara and I.os
Angcli-a 9.4 »
H5.-OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso.
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East 10:45.41
SiBMr Santa r« Rome. AtiauiUe i'.xiireea
for Mojave and Kant *>>43p
fltOOr European Mali. Ogden and East.... Oi4Sa
0:OOr Hayu-ards. NiKaandSan Jose 7i4»a.
*«:o«ti- Vaflejn l*tl»p
t7:OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions JO:-**)
,• 8:00 Oregon lCx|ir«ss,Haeranieiito, Marys-
ville. Itediliiig, I'iMrtlaiid, I'm, at
Sound and Hast 8<1»A
slOtOtp Sunset Limited. Fresno. I.os
Angeles, El Paso. New Orleans
snd East ....^ H»43p
SAX LKA.NiUtO AMI lI A A [{.On LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) '
*1 Melroxe, Seminary Park, f
ft:OOA I'llchlmrg, Ehnlisrst, ««48a
<0:OOa Kan Leandro, . South Saa t*Ot4sa
io. no a Leandro, Fato-Jillo, 10i4lt\
• lIiOOa • Lorenzo, Cherry I*:4.*Jp
a:««p ,,,1 (1:48?
■«_** Hay wards. t 2 , *. !ir
, t««p { Rnns through to Niles. - '**'
. ) X From Niles. _^
COAST IUVIsHH.N (Narrow «ia»fe).
(Foot of Mnrkut Street.) '
8:15 a Newark. CVnterviile, San Jose.Feitou.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ; 8:30*
*Btl3p Newark. Centerville, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
San's Cruz and Principal Way
Station* *lOi3»*
4:1 5 Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20*
( I li43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stntimis I7ta«»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN mSCISCO— Foet st Market Street (Slip 8)--
-•7:15 9:(*0 ILWU.u. JLflO *2:00 {3:09
•4:03 tS:ofl •6:00r.u.
rrcmOiKUND — Pool or Bro»d»«v.— 8:00 I0:O0a.M.
112:03 *1:03 '2:33 »3:00 J4:00 ' "8:00 p.m.
COAST IMYISION (Broad iUnge). *
(Third and Townsend St«.)
7:Ot(A Sun .lone und Wnj- Stations (New
Almadon Wednesdays only) ItSOv
OiOOa Han .lino, Tr.-* I'ioos. .Santa Cruz,
I'nuiiic drove, l'aao Kobios, San
Luis Oi>ia|Hi, t:u»daln|>e. Surf ami
Vrluoi|>al Way Stiitloos 4<lop
I<l:4Aa Ran Jus* and Wav Station* 'RKIOa
lIiSOa San Jose ami Way Stations HtU.ta
■si:4Bi-San Mateo, Hedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Inse,
. Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
ilrnvn ■ MOt3S\
•S:»OpSan.lose and Way Stations *»tOOA
•lilSr Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•»:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
BiBor Snn Jose aud Principal Way Stations 3i3t»p
«:3»>r San Joss an.i Way Stations 7:8«p
Ml:4sr Bail .los-i-.ml Way Stations '>:30p
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
* Huiiuays ssoa^sd J Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
TMond»ys and Thursdays. itT,i,.»rtftVK and Saturdays. •
Hstn*d«r>an<l Wednesdays. JThnrsdivsand Snndays
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FiIANCI-sCO 'IO MILL VALLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:20, •»:30, 11:00 a. m.: *l:*i»
B:4a. 5:15, '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •3:OO. »10:00. *U:2O a. m.: •lis,
1:00, »4:30, 8:16 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •e.SS, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.:
•12:20, 2:20. 1:46. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »S:00. •10:00. »U:55 a. m.:
•1:15. '3:10, 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
12:35. 2:45, 2:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20. 3:10.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan &ftlls and way sta's.
HOUHT TAHALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Kept. IL<ISSS:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 5:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
. Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK . & SON, Agents. 611 Market
street. San Francisco.
WeeffGaOSpfiiSGLEN CHLOE IN
PERFECT FORM
AT INGLESIDE
Patria Was Defeated
'; : . Quite Easily.
SEVERAL SHORT-ENDERS WON
.TOTING AMERICA FALLS AND
LOSES TO moondyne
'■ ■:'. '",. ■" .'
. The. Large Crowd at Ingleside Made
•.:•.: ■•"'- Happy by Winning Prom the
■-.'// Books at Long
'*' '•• Odds.
..* yy'7-7
H.:. A, ' Deckelman's Glen Chloe clearly
demonstrated her Ability yesterday at
.lln'gleside' The roan* bitch won on her
' m.eti.ts. That she captured first money
fram-.-the field of good ones with whom
she- -had to contend was due entirely to
:>agnlficent form. Nearly 5000 people
wHre-.-at Ingleside, and there Is no doubt
but that the majority of them came home
the richer. Never has there been in the
history ■ of coursing at Ingleside , better
Epert£ with as many short-enders to the
7g. oo^7*'than there was yesterday. There
■were-- enough heart disease finishes to
satisfy' a miser, while those who pinned
-,_t.h-ei!?:.faith to the short end had no reason
r implain, as fully a dozen of the un
locked-for secured -the flag.
i .''7;"»u.sst'h'en- : ,'the first round .opened up the
-.knowing ones picked Moondyne, Patria,
*<"Jlerf;Chloe and Rnthbone to contend for
i-the'.-.flhai. That the dogs ran fairly well
''ie form is shown' in the fact that all of
'these- dogs, with the exception of Rath
•bbhe; .who lowered his colors in the
•.•fourth, saw the fifth round, while Patria
• and" Glen Chloe were the final contestants.
•.-.ln. the first round Gladiator beat Forgive,
' ': 1.1- to*' 4. In a course that lasted three
/niinii'tes and fifty seconds. The second
•Ixcst .course was in the second round,
\ylien. Quickstitch beat Myrtle in two
7- nii nudes' and- fifty-eight seconds by a
. .*eQro of 27 to 13. This was the largest
:; number of; points scored during the day.
'-.' Avnifrhber of the courses were decided by
y.'ti:.' margin* of one or two points, while the
■ .-courses in point. of time averaged nearly
; .two -minutes apiece.
'7 '.Th;e-re "Is hardly any doubt but that
...-* and Moondyne would have given
..- : GJeh',C.hloe a much warmer argument for
J- lit}?. .-final run had It not been for the
,-, •gr.-y-';. courses in which they had to
'■'-:: -jyirtfoipate. In the third round Young
• '■'•■• '■S ni^ r - ' ca me Moondyne at even money.
*.;.:•-. The-former had all the best of it, and
V. . 'would- have won but for a nasty fall, and
..•'■ ... &.s' It- .was Moondyne won only by a mar
„•'*.-."gm *o'ffive points. Then he had a hard
:.• ."•course [th Prince Hal for the bye, .so
•-..;. that, when he met Patria in the fifth
,**;*. roup . he was never In it. Patria also
".-.*•. -Fhowe.d the effects of her courses in the
■ *.-fii>a!-, round with Glen Chloe, for there was
■i . 7 never a moment when the result was in
• 1 ..*:.-. The hares were strong and fast.
:-., V an*d*in more than one course set a killing
' ;;pace' for the dogs. The following are the
• £ourst.-s by rounds:
• :. . ,'Ftrst round— Lowe & Thompson's Patria beat
'*' '^ v - J. Shields' Armagh Lass; P. J. G. Kenna's
'.:'" c 1..;* V*:* :. - beat F. G. Fentlman's California;
.-• '••-■: Hooper's Koolawn beat Henley & Rellly's
-.-'• -Master Mat; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat :* "f
'■'■■ ■-.: Logan's Miss Grizzle: H. A. De ke!mar.'.« Pet
• ■.'"KirbJ" heat Curtis & Son's laud 6; J. Dean's
■•• .-.Gladiator beat J. I*. Thrift's Forgive; F. Mo
.-..'• ran*?- Golden Russet beat J. O'Farrell's Red
Wjngsi.D. Hoopers Bendalong beat H. A. j
* *M-.'»ckeTTriar.'s Royal* ■••ft: J. Shea's Rathbone!
*.-.,.; Wt Henry Spring's Willful: J. o*DonjaeH's
•;_•'-. Las Palmas beat F. Koran's Snapshot; Russell
•• &, Wljson's Lady Herschel beat D. Shannon's
rette; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael beat Cur
;:tis & Son's Luxon a bye; H. A. Deckelman's
..,:.G*i*err Chloe teat T. Hall's Miss Skyball; P. J.
■G.- Kenna's Flyaway beat R. W. Wyman's
'Ru-s'h o" Hill; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle was
[ beaten a' by ft by Russell & Wilson's Glen Rosa;
-:Love • & Thompson's Quickstitch beat H.
• b'»- Mystic Maid: J. Shea's. Young Amer
-Ir'a-beat W. E. Glasson's Petronlus; F. A. Me
' <:nibs Motto beat E. Burmeister's Grady;
* *- P.- J. G. Kerina'a Rocket beat H. A. Deckel
(naiL'-a Prince George and J. Dean's Moondyne
..- I. tt '.'■ Brophy's Benicia Boy.
.;'-.-. -.Second round— Patrla beat Lawrence; Koo
1-k.wn Beat Cavalier; Pet Klrby beat Gladiator:
.Ben.4frlong beat Golden Russett; Rathbone beat
L;is TPklrnas; St. Michael beat Lady Herschel:
'■' Ciftn : - Chloe. beat ,• Flyaway; Quickstitch beat
Myrtle; Young America beat Motto and Moon
• - • 'dyne.' ''boat Rockett.
-."i- Thlfd . round— Patrla beat Kootawn; Pet
.: "KlrHy beat Bendalong: Rathbone beat St.
•»'•■' '.Wehael ;" Glen Chloe beat Quickstitch and
V. ' MooTliiyne' beat Young America.
.Fourth round— Patria beat Pet Klrby; Glen
Ohlod Seat Rathbone and Prince Hal beat
M%mdyne-''a bye.
: Fifth round— Patria beat Moondyne and Glen
Chloe ran- a bye with Old Glory.
■■: In.t.he final Glen Chloe worsted Patria.
THORNHILL WINS.
T. J. .Cronin's Fleet Hound Captured
the Open Stake at Union Park.
-That good hound Thornhill won the
. open'-.stake "at the Union Coursing Park j
*st ; Hterda>7 The runs were as follows:
• Open stake,' second round— G. and H. Ken- i
nels'-'iDempseyiLaas beat T. J. Cronin's Still j
.Trying; T. J. Cronin's Maid or Bail beat F.
M'or.an's Flying Faster: Joseph Perry's Com- j
mbdore- Nash b_t Euchcr Kennels' Right j
I'i.wer; Milo Kennels' Victor King beat Pern- !
l-r.-k*' Kennel** Fleeting Fancy; J. J. Ed- ■
monds' Morning Glory beat .'*'-> Kennels' |
IVjck ..Island lioy; Rincon Kennels' Ski beat [
Atfierid "Kennels' Tea Rose; T. J. Cronin's j
.Thornhill beat H. F. Anderson's Crawford i
Fad; Eucher Kennels' Left Bower beat C. F. !
.Appleby's Clare B: George Whitney's Theron
"beat J. McCormick's Woodbine: G. Lahusen's
'Fireball beat Pasha Kennels' Santa Alicia; F.
Moran' s False Flatterer beat Aenerid Kennels*
Van Cloie; Milo Kennels' Irma beat George
L_hUf«?n'B Wheel of Fortune; R. E. de B. Lo- ;
: 'pei'*-* Rochester -at Yosemite Kennels' Wild
-Lassie; Pembroke -."Is' Joy Bells beat J. !
JK Smith's Merced; T. Butler's Susie beat j
I,'emhroke Kennels' •anus; Pasha Kennels' i
Firm Friexid beat *_■ London's Sharkey. .'-■•:-;
..Third round— Maid of Bail beat Dempsey j
•Lass:'' Commodore Nash beat Victor King; i
M-nra'ng Glory beat Ski; Thornhill beat Left I
HJ'xVer; Theron beat Fireball: False Flatterer
Wat Ifma; Joy Hells beat Rochester; Susie
.beat -Firm Friend.
'Fourth round— Commodore Nash beat Maid
of Ball: rnhlll beat Morning Glory: False
Flatterer beat' Theron: Susie beat Joy Bells.
" Fifth round— Thornhill beat Commodore \
Nosh'; False Flatterer beat Susie.
":: Ftpal— Thcrnhil! beat False Flatterer.
".•Consolation Btake, first round— Trinket beat
Wheel of Fortune: Flying Faster beat Swed
ish: Sharkey beat Tea Rose; Clare B beat Gall- j
ivant..- "-.'•'■'. i
. • Second round— Trinket ran a bye; Sharkey .
beat- Clare S.
• Final— Trinket beat Sharkey. '
, ..-• • ■- •_ ;
TOD SLOAN WAS WORSTED, j
Swinnerton Ran Him Out in the San
: : -..."7- Jose Coursing.
, •;" 7-SA'**^*. JOSE, Jan. There were over
-. If/K)-!' enthusiasts in attendance at the
•rA'eet -of the San Jose Coursing Club to
• .- *%"*'.•'•' & A the sport was of the highest
7>]&ss'.' ."A thirty-two dog stake was the
• event, which Swinnerton won from Tod
• Shear*- in a pretty race after two no goes.
•" The. hares and dogs ran well. The run
between Llghtfoot and Farney was the
•best 'of the day.* Lightfoot scoring 53 to
his -opponent's 11. The results were:
7 : First round— Lady Islington beat Queen May*
Brimboo beat Richmond Boy; Our Climate beat
'.Klondike; Tod Sloan beat Hattie; Sandow beat
Mountain Boy; Magnus beat Oregon Boy; Long
■ ' *- CoDlCir beat Bill Nye; Moonlight beat
. nd; Pawn beat Ken tuck: Gallagher beat
■ Came -Legs; Menlo beat Hillsdale; Counterfeit
7 -beat- At ■-•. Llchtfoot beat Farney; Tulla
-7 rhufe beat Black Pete: Swinnerton' beat Mys
- o°f!c: -Pastime beat Victor Chief.
'. ■ Second round— Brimboo beat Lady Islington;
.Tod" Sloan beat Our Climate: Magnus beat
• Sandow; Long Shot Conley beat Moonlight:
..C,a!lagh,er beat Dawn: Counterfeit beat Menlo
" Tiaiamo^-e beat- Lighfoot; Swinnerton beat
•Pastime.
fi Third round— Tod Sloan beat Brimboo: Long
"""hot Conley beat Magnus; Counterfeit beat
'< Gallagher; Swinnerton beat Tullamore.
Fourth round— Sloan beat Long Shot
'- Conley; 'Swinnerton beat Counterfeit.
• Pinal— Swinnerton beat Tod Sloan.
Kitty Scott Won the Purse.
.OS ANGELES, Jan. The ties and
finals of the New Year's coursing meet
at Agricultural Park, postponed from
>
Monday last on account of the rain, were
run off to-day. The weather was perfect,
the field in flne condition, and the sport
was first class. There was a large crowd
in attendance, with the grand stand well
filled.
In the open 48-dog stake Kitty Scott
took first money. Fair Rosaline second,
Orpheum Lass third, the rest divided.
In the 24-beaten-doe. Hazel Dell won
first money/The Ghost second. Occidental
third, the rest divided.
PORT COSTA LASS
Took First Money in the Big Stock-
ton Stake.
STOCKTON, Jan. Port Costa Lass
won first money at Goodwater Grove to
day. The hares were good, and the day's
sport proved exceptionally interesting.
Results: .
Thirty-two dog stake, run-downs ßobin
Adair beat Prince; Etta A beat Jim Bell; Sky
light beat Pacific Queen; Rosie beat Sliver
King: E V D beat Traversia; Blue Bell beat
Reno; Port Costa Lass beat King Cotton; Mis
sion Tip beat Bingo; Don Jose beat May Mc-
Kinley; Daisy M beat Magnet: Tom Cy beat
Pilot Prince; Maiden beat Ruby; Lady beat
Gallagher; Black Jack beat Johnny Riley;
Magnesia beat Bohemian Kid; Tip beat Hark
away H. .-..,.
First Robin Adair beat Etta A; Sky
light beat Rosie P.: Blue Bell beat E V D; Port
Costa Lass beat Mission Tip; Don Jose beat
Daisy M; Maiden beat Tom Cy; Lady beat
Black Jack; Tip beat Magnesia.
Second ties— Skylight beat Robin Adair; Port
Costa Lass beat Blue Bell; Don Jose beat
Maiden; Tip beat Lady.
Third ties— Port Costa Lass beat Skylight;
Tip beat Don Jose.
Final— Port Costa Lass beat Tip. Port Costa
Lass, first money; Tip, becond; Don Jose, third;
Skylight, fourth; Lady, fifth: Maiden, sixth;
Blue Bell, seventh; Robin Adair, eighth.
SHELL MOUND RANGES.
First Shoot of the Year Held "Under
Favorable Auspices.
The year's shooting opened yesterday
at Shell Mound under favorable auspices.
The pleasant weather brought a large
number of marksmen to the ranges, and
a two weeks' surcease from rifle practice
made the riflemen keen of eye and steady
i of hand and some excellent shots resulted.
Those represented were, the Columbia,
' Pistol and Rifle Club, German Schuetzen
: Club, shooting section of the Deutscher
Krieger Vereln, Naval Battalion, Inde
pendent Rifles and San Francisco Schuet
: zen Verein.
Following are the scores In detail:
] Naval Batallion. First and Second Divisions.
In monthly medal shoot A. McKee 27, f'
Burns 3>J, v. Fauen 12. W. Bode 13, A Lin
-1 decker 36, G. Blake 18. H. Harris 36, F. Murphy
! 32, F. Sutton 36, H. Sutton 16, A. Mackey 20.
! H. F. Sandy 30, M. Kufner 26, C. •' Gentosa 12
C. F. Welby 37, A. Qulnlan 24, S. Levy 12, J.
i Foussaint 80, A. Alfonse 23.
I Norddeutscher Vereln monthly bullseye shoot
j —J. DeWut 445, J. Gefken 596, F. P. Schuster
; 620. O. Lemcke 656, H. Stalling "69o, J. Lankenau
I 766, W. Gottschalk SIT, W. F. Garms 933 F.
i Koch 940, C. F. Rust 1000.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln monthly
i medal shoot— Champion, first and second classes
| not filled; third class, E. H. Goetze 391; fourth
! class, John Beuttler 362; best first shot, G.
! Schulz 23; best last shot, R. Stettin 25.
| Germajils Schuetzen Club monthly medal
I shoot First champion ' class. Dr. L. Rodgers.
',"4: second champion class, N. Ahrens. 415;
! first class. J. Gefken, 3SS; second class, E.
| Goetze, 375; third class, H. Lllkendey, 342; best
i first shot, A. Jungblut, 23; best last shot. Dr.
i L. Rodgers, • 24. -
! Yearly competition shoot for Bushnell medal
! — F. P. Schuster 220, Dr. L. Rodgers 216, A.
I Strecker 215.
Yearly competition for cash prizes— .Dr. Rod
j gers 72. J. Ltschug 71, A. Strecker 70, J. D.
j Heise 69, E. Goetze 68, F. P. Schuster 67, W.
Goetze 67.
! Monthly medal shoot of the Deutscher Krue
i ger Vereln— Champion class, O. Dammer, 365;
first class, F. Kaiser, 352; second class. J. Ben
der, 346; third class C. Meyer, 298: first best
: shot, George Hetzel, 21; last best shot, F.
Kaiser, 23. "> .
Bullseve shoot— Kaiser 743. O. Dammer
; 1232. C. Mayer 1542, J. Bender 1649, C. Wegge
man 1751.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, rifle class,
medals, 10 shot scores— Or. Rogers 69, E. Ja
cobson 78. F. O. Young 79. M. J. White 87, G.
Barley 128, J. J. Fitzpatrick 152, Mrs. White
15S. . . . , •(""-'■'•
Gllnderman all-comers rifle medal— O.
i Young 44-52, E. Jacobson 60-6?, E. N. Moore, 83.
G. Mannell 89.
Pistol range. 50 yards, Columbia target, 10
1 shot scores for .22 and .25 rifles. Dalss medal—
' F O Young 29, George Mannell 35-41.
Slebe pistol medal— F. O. Young 44-5«, G. M.
. Barley 52. „„,„ ,
I Class medals— J. E. Gorman 46, G. M. Barley- ;
53 M. J. White 60, F. O. Young 69, Mrs. M. J. I
White 65, J. P. Cosgrave 79, J. J. Fitzpatrick j
13". • '- "* • « --'■• - -
Independent Rifles— H. Kuhike BS. H.
Kuhike 30, Sergeant G. W. Mitchell 40. C. j
Fredericks^ 20, Sergeant H. Feyge 24, W. '
Lindecker 38. F. Schohay 40, C. Staude 23, !
. Corporal J. A. Stang 40. Sergeant C. Andrews
25 Corporal P. Schonlg 32. G. B. Worthington i
I 29' F. Laun 19, C. Gilborson 32, H. Gaetgen 38. !
I lieutenant J. Staude 37. Sergeant C. Kornbeck
| 37, G. Kellenberger 22. J. Donovan 23, E. Moen- \
I ning 21. yy
1 RACXNG AT INGLESIDE.
I A Very Fair Card Offered Patrons of
the Turf This Afternoon.
Beginning to-day, the racing game will have
full play at Ingleside track for the two weeks
to come. The card offered race-goers this after
noon ls a very fair one.
To-Da-r Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds:
422 Strongoli 110 | 455 Jingle Jingle — 117
472 San Augustine.. l 22 ; 477 Doremus 117
478 El Estro 112 428 Rosebeau 11l
466 Ann Page 117 ! 403 Tirade 117
... Lavator 107 (409)CorsIne 117
ti"3*Ballista 1221 433 Don't Tell 112
Second Race One and a Quarter miles: over
five hurdles:
464 Durward 13SI 3'o Major H00ker.. .131
357 Silverado 142 890 Ferrier 142
... Monlta 139; 416 San Carlos 1.'.l
405 "Major S 139 475 Joe Cotton 139
Third Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
464 Lady Britannic. 98 '37?) Judge Wofford.. _
415 Casdale ...» 30 394 Survivor 100
414 Captive 105 (432)Midllght 105
479 Lord Marmlon..lo6 456 Hugh Penny. ...loß
486 Imperious 97 -
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
245 Zorazzo 105 (467) The Last .100
416 Tortoni ....102 (476)Wlng 100
(3_)Credo 102 ... Royal Tar 102
... Joe Mussle 105 ,'„.;.'
Fifth Race — One and a quarter miles; three
year-olds and up; selling:
473 Stamina 86i(38?)Red Glenn 106
411 Lady Hurst ....107 (484) Myth 106
(457) Mart ello 86!
Sixth Race— furlongs; three-year-olds
; and up:
1 (449) Mary Black .... 97' 390 Smyle 97
; (462) Montgomery 105' (4461 Jinks S3
Selections for To-Day.
i First Race— Lavator, El Estro, Tirade.
Second Race — Major Hooker, Durward, Mo
nlta. ' .' : y- , 'y-^y y '-/<-/ : -y
Third Race— Survivor, Casdale, Lord Mar
mlon.
Fourth Race— Wing. Credo, The Last.
Fifth Race— Glenn, Stamina, Lard Hurst.
Sixth Race— Jinks, Montgomery, Mary Black.
WITH RACQUET AND BALL.
Several Lawn Tennis Experts Out on
the California Club _ Court.
The lovers of lawn tennis were compell- '
ed to abstain from their favorite sport i
during the first week of the new year, for, i
when it was not actually raining, the !
courts were too wet for play. The north- j
erly wind of Saturday afternoon, however,
quickly dried the courts, and yesterday
many of the best-known players were out '
again. The following are the principal :
double games played and the scores:
Andrew Carrigan and Sydney Salisbury beat
A. Buckley and W. Landry. Score, 6-4, 6-8, 6-4. !
Arthur Chesebrough and George Whitney beat
R. Whitney and George Bradshaw. Score, 6-2,
5-7, 6-1. " „
J. Daily and H. A. Walter beat Arthur ,
Chesebrough and George Bradshaw. Score. 6-3. ;
6-4. . , ■ 'y:.t. -y yyvU":
The following are "the principal* single
games played and the scores:
Arthur Chesebrough beat H. A. Walter three !
straight sets, the score being 6-4, 6-3, 7-5.
Sydney Salisbury beat William Landry two
out of three sets, the scores being 7-5. 4-6, 7-5.
Werner Stauf beat H. A. * Walter two sets,
6-1, 6-2. ■;•-.*-
G. Bradshaw beat H. A. Walter, 6-1.
J. Dally beat W. 8. McGavin two seU. Score.
7-5, 6-4. ■
The doubles tournament set for Janu
ary 2. but postponed on account of the bad
weather, will, according to present plans,
be held next Saturday. *It is intended to ]
attract as large a number of entries as
possible, and to make an important event :
of the tournament. The . club directors >
have offered prizes to the winning team. |
When the schools meet again after the :
Christmas holidays several young ladles
will resume their studies in the angles of |
incidence and reflection as exhibited by
lawn tennis balls, and it is hoped that
ladles' tournaments, such as the Califor
nia Club used to have, may be seen again ;
on Its courts. j !
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
ATHLETICS WIN
A GOOD GAME
FROM SEATTLE
Defeat Northerners,
Scoring 5 to 3,
DOYLE'S MEN IN HARD LUCK
UNABLE TO HIT THE BALL AT
CRITICAL PERIODS.
Base-Running Tactics Puz
zle His Opponents and Practic
ally Give the Contest to
the Home Team.
The Athletics downed the Seattles at
[ Recreation Park yesterday afternoon by
j a score of 5 to 3. It was anybody's game
I until the end of the ninth inning, the
I northerners making desperate efforts to
; even up the tally the last time up, but the
j batters could not place the ball safely
! and they failed to score. The game was
evenly contested and contained several
good plays which were liberally applaud
ed, but it was by no means perfect. While
the errors were comparatively few they
were costly, especially for the Seattles,
who played an uphill game from start to
finish. They made seven safe hits, but
they could not perform the feat when the
hits were needed in order to net runs.
The Athletics, on the other hand, were
more fortunate and while they are cred
ited with but eight hits, three of them
were two baggers and the others aided
in the general result. The Seattles were
hardly up to their usual form either in
the field or at the bat. They also played
in hard luck in running bases. Fly balls
were unusually frequent, but as they were
almost invariably gathered in by the
fielders, they proved costly as a rule.
The features of the game were the
double plays, two by the Athletics and
one by the Seattles, and the horse-play
by Lohman in the sixth, which scored
i Hanley and placed the former in a posi
| tion to come home a moment later. This
one play won the game for the Athletics.
Johnson was given his base on balls.
Hanley hit short to the pitcher and the
latter threw Johnson out at second, al
: lowing Hanley to reach first. Lohman
knocked a grounder to left and reached
first, Hanley going to third. Lohman at
tempted to steal second a moment later
and at the same time Hanley started for
•home. They succeeded in getting the Se
attle lnfielders in a muddle and finally
i Hanley made a dash for the plate, beat
| ing the ball by three feet, Lohman taking
I second. Fitzpatrick was hit by the
j pitcher and took his base and McCarthy,
! who followed, hit short, bringing Loh
, man home. That ended the run getting,
™« r^ lde , bel ? able t0 Beta man
across the plate in any of the remaining
innings. The score:
ATHLETICS.
•frf^-w. , , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. AE.
McCarthy, 1 i 5 1112 0 0
Meaney, c. t 5 0 112 0 0
McLaughlin, a. a.... 6 0 0 0 4 4 1
Hilderbrand, r. t.... 5 12 0 0 3 0
i Johnson, 1 b 1 0 0 0 » 0 0
stmt*. 3 b 3 110 110
! Hanley, 2 b *» 1 2 1 1 : 4 , 1
Lohman, c... 4.1 0 1 g t l i
Fitzpatrick. p 8 0 1 0 0 0 0
Totals S3 5 8 4 27 13 ~8
SEATTLES.
r, v.,., AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, a, a.... 3 1 a 0 1 7 2
Anderson, 2 b 5 0 0 0 6 10
Parrott, 1 b 4 0 1 0 10 1 J
Clark, r. f 3 0 10 10 1
Klelber. 8 b 4 0 0 0 13 0
ODea, c. t ;. 4 0 0 0 0 » 0
Hartman, c ...3 1 1 16 1 0
Rand, I. f ........ .... 4 0 10 I*o 0
Andrews, p. 3 1 0 0 1-s*o
Totals 29 3 7 1 27 19 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletics 1 0 0 2 0 3 0 0 o—s
Base hits 1 0 2 3 10 0 1 o—B
! Seattles 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 o—3
Baas hits 1 0 0 13 0 0 0 2—7
SUMMARY. 7 777".
Rune responsible for— Fitzpatrick 1. Andrews
j 1. Two-base Hilderbrand, Stultz, Meaney.
Sacrifice hits— Stultz, Lohman. First base on
I errors— Athletics 3, Seattles 2. First base on
! called balls— Athletics 3. Seattles 6. Left on
Athletics 8, Seattles 8. Struck out—
Fitzpatrick 3, by Andrews 2. Hit by pitcher—
Fitzpatrick. Double Babbitt to Ander
son to Parrott to Hartman; Hanley to Mc
j Laughlin to Johnson; McLaughlin to Johnson.
Wild pitch— Fitzpatrick. Umpire— Jim Mc-
Donald. Official scorer— J. W. Stapletcn.
Yesterday's Handball Games.
Phil Ryan's handball court at 858 How
ard street was well attended yesterday.
The contestants had the satisfaction of
showing their agility to a large and ap
preciative audience. Some of the crack
players in the city were there, and as a
consequence the bouts were well contest
ed. Eighteen picked"" men for an after
noon's set-to is not an everyday occur
rence, but they were present on this oc
casion and played with spirit and de
termination. The names of the winners
and losers are as follows:
M. Fogarty and P. Herrin defeated P. Foley
and M. J. Stokes. Score. 21-13, 12-21, 21-19.
M. Maguire and E. Antron defeated W. Has
MYSTERIOUS FLIGHT
OF ALONZO M. GRIM
His Friends Fear That the Missing Secretary-
May Have Committed Suicide.
ALONZO M. GRIM, secretary of the Sanger Lumber Company and in the
employ of its predecessor, the Moore & Smith Lumber Company, who dis
appeared on Tuesday, the 3d Inst., has not yet been heard from, nor
has any clue been discovered that would lead to his whereabouts, al
though every possible effort to locate him has been made by his relatives and
friends. Mr. Grim had held that position for the past nineteen years, and
owing to the company closing their San Francisco offlce, it became necessary
for him to resign his position. This weighed heavily on his mind, principally
because he felt that the past years of his life devoted to one concern had
been wasted. This, together with failing health, caused him to become very
despondent, and it is thought that while
under mental aberration he has either
committed suicide or wandered off to
parts unknown.
In a letter to his wife he made mention
of going far out to sea, which led his
friends to believe that he had taken
some outgoing steamer on Wednesday,
but although several of them were fol
lowed and overhauled before sailing far
out* on the Pacific, and all the coast
wise vessels have been heard from, no
trace has been found of Mr. Grim. The
only hope that now exists is that he
might have taken a train and gone to
some interior town. ■ ■ # '
Mr. Grim was 43 years of age, 5 feet 8
Inches in height, weighed about 150
pounds, has large blue eyes, heavy eye
brows and lashes, wore a dark brown
mustache and black hair, parted on the
side. Owing to recent j illness j his com
plexion had a rather sallow appearance.
On the day of his disappearance he wore
a black slouch hat, dark steel gray suit
and black overcoat, with velvet collar.
His shirt and cuffs ; were blue percale,
with a white collar. On one of his arms,
between the elbow and shoulder, is a
long black mole..
His parents, Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Grim
reside in Berkeley, jA. K. Grimes the Recorder of Alameda County. The
missing man is a brother of Mrs. Rudolph Herold Jr. > and Alfred R. Grim,
assistant manager of the Aachen & Munich Fire Insurance Company, 423 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco, by whom any information regarding the miss
ing man will be gratefully received.
sell and B. Clements. Score. 21-18, 11-21, 21-9.
Dr. W. H. Sleberst and M. Basch defeated
E. McDonough and D. J. i Sheehan. Score,
21-18, 12-21, 21-20.
T. Qulnn and Dr. W. H. Sieberst defeated E.
Lynch and A. J. Griffith. Score, 21-14, 17-21,
21-13. " '
T. Hanlon and T. Murphy defeated R. Mad
den and M. Espen. Score, 21-10, 8-21, 21-15.
M. McLaughlin and R. Housman defeated P.
Ryan and J. Condon. Score, 21-11. 15-21. 21-18.
T. Leach and G. James defeated M. Kirby
and A. Vlcker. Score, 21-18, 15-21, 21-20.
P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon defeated P. Kel
ly and G. Hutchinson. Score,- 21-10, 13-21. 21-19.
J.. C. Nealon and J. Rlordan defeated A.
Hampton and E. Maloney. Score, 21-18, 15-21.
21-14.
Quality, Purity and Natural Dryness
Connoisseurs find these in G. H.
MUMM'S EXTRA DRY. Its imports in
1898 were 86,855 cases, or 52.649 more than
bit her on the left foot. The teeth of the
dog penetrated through the leather of her
boot and made an ugly wound. She went
to the Receiving Hospital, where the in
jury was attended to.
HE DIDN'T WANT ANY.
The sack of chestnuts in front of the
fruit store attracted the attention of
the dyspeptic looking man who was
strolling along, and he stopped to in
spect them. ' -'7
"These are pretty fair specimens,"
he said, picking one out of the sack,
opening it with his knife and eating it
leisurely. V
"They're the best Ohio nuts," replied
the man in the door. "Got 'em fresh
this morning."
"How much are they a pound?"
"Twenty cents."
"There's a great difference in chest
nuts," rejoined the dyspepetic looking
man, eating another one, "and the best
ones nearly always come from Ohio. I
was raised in Ohio."
"Yes?" • ' "::'
"You'll get hold of some chestnuts
that look all right, but when you come
to test them they are good for nothing.
! They haven't got any taste." A good
chestnut ls sweet. You don't have to
roast It to bring out the sweetness."
"That's right. How many—"
"On the farm where I was raised
there was a chestnut tree that must
have been fifty years old. It was big
ger around than that barrel. I never
knew It to fail of having a crop. Some
years, you know, it wouldn't bear as
well as it did other years, but it never
absolutely failed. The nuts were Just
like these— good sized, rich colored and
sweet."
And he sampled another.
"How many of these would you like
to"
"I give you my word that when I
came away from Ohio I missed that old
chestnut tree more than everything else
put together. • There's a good deal in
the color of a chestnut. Some of them
have a dull kind of look. Now, these
chestnuts that grew on that tree had
a rich, glossy shine about them, like
a dark chestnut-sorrel horse. Ever
live in Ohio?"
"No."
"Great State. If It -wasn't that I can
do better, in my business in Illinois I'd
go right back there to live. Ohio fruit
tastes better than any other fruit. You
take apples, for instance"
"How many of these nuts would you
like to have?"
"Me? Oh. I don't want to buy any.
I don't dare to eat them nowadays.
"Well, I must be going. 1 '— Chicago Tri
bune.
The Same in Every City.
"Astonishing how many people are
hanging to respectability by their very
eyebrows," remarked an amateur phil
osopher through the smoke of a post
prandial cigar. "There are dozens, yes,
scores and socres of men in New Orleans
who keep up appearances by the most
desperate and incessant strategy, and
the marvelous part of it is that they suc
ceed year after year in staving off a crash
that seems Imminent every hour. Be
hind their little veneer ls a plexus of the
most hideous complications— intricate lies,
debts repaid by other debts, unsuspected
habits and ugly entanglements of even'
imaginable description— all held ■at bay,
by dexterious maneuvering, like a. Jug
gler keeping balls in the air. Now and
then one -of these fellows accidentally
lets a ball drop or breaks under the
strain, or Just gets tired and Jets go, and
then everybody is astonished at the
velocity with which he scoots down hill.
They say that fate has everything greas
ed for the occasion, but It isn't so. The
lubricating process has been going on for
years, only they didn't see ft. I know
several chaps in the fix I describe, and
am astonished at their tranquillity, but I
suppose a fellow could smoke a pipe in a
powder magazine until he really forgot
the stuff was explosive."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
He Was All Right.
The following dialogue is said to have
taken placa at the school building this
week:
Teacher (to boy In physiology class)—
Name the two parts of the brain.
Boy (after serious reflection)— l've got
'em in my head, but I can't call their
names just this minute.— Glenwood, Colo.,
Post-
As a Reminder.
"These flapjacks, Miranda," the husband
said, "are not like the ones you used to
make when you were the cook at that cor
ner lunch counter downtown."
"This." she bitterly exclaimed, "is what
comes of having a Past!"— Chicago Trib
une. 'vf.--: yy'¥y
Unmarried.
"Are you married or unmarried?" asked
one of our clerks of an applicant for reg
isti ation previous to the election. "Un
married three times— from Chicago,"
was the entirely satisfactory reply.—
ver Post.
SAY GALLAGHER
IS SHOT IN
COLD BLOOD
He Was First Beaten
With a Revolver.
EVIDENCE AGAINST FLYNN
"CAPTAIN" SAUNDERS IS RE
LEASED from: PRISON.
An .Eye-Witness to the Shooting
Who Took the Revolver
From .the Mur
derer,
The police have released "Captain"
Saunders, one of the eye-witnesses to the
killing of "Jim" Gallagher. Saunders was
arrested a short time after the shooting,
as it was exeptced that he would prove
an important witness against Mike
Flynn, the slayer of the ex-prize-fighter.
To the surprise of the detectives who
are working on the case Saunders • when
questioned after his arrest denied that he
was present at the shooting. He, how
ever, admitted that he secured possession
of the revolver which Flynn used, and
subsequently gave it to "Billy" McDon
ald, who secreted' it in Tommy Nolan's
saloon on Ellis street. The police have
since recovered the weapon, which will
be used as evidence against Flynn.
Saunders, the police claim. Is a noted
bunko man. They say they have an
abundance of evidence to show that he
not only witnessed the shooting, but
seized Flynn's revolver after he had shot
Gallagher, intending to do away with it
in the hope of shielding the murderer.
The detectives are convinced that Galla
gher was first beaten with the butt end
of a revolver, and as he fell helpless Into
a chair Flynn shot him. When taken to
the Receiving Hospital the wounded man
had an ugly gash in the back of his head,
which the surgeons say was inflicted In
just such a manner.
Assistant Police Surgeon Zobel, who at
tended Gallagher, is convinced that the
unfortunate man was shot while he was
sitting in a chair.
"When he was placed on the operating
table," Dr. Zobel said, yesterday, "I no
ticed the wound in his head and at once
concluded that he had first been beaten
with a revolver and then shot. I asked
him if he was sitting down when the bul
let was fired, but he was too weak to
answer. I dressed the bullet hole in his
breast and ordered him removed to the
male ward. The wound in his head was
not serious and for that reason I did not
pay much attention to it. From what I
saw of the cut in his head I am con
vinced that it was inflicted with the butt
end of a revolver."
Captain Bohen is satisfied that the kill
ing was over Delia Richardson, who was
in the saloon when the shooting took
place. He believes that Flynn was jealous
of Gallagher's attention to the woman and
determined to do him up. As Gallagher
entered the saloon, the police think he
was attacked by one of Flynn's friends,
who beat him over the head with a re
volver. As he fell helpless Into the chair
Flynn drew his revolver and shot him.
Notwithstanding the determined efforts
that are being made to shield the mur
derer, the detectives believe they have
sufficient evidence to warrant Judge Slo
gan in holding the defendant for trial in
the Superior Court.
LITERARY GLEANINGS.
Gilbert Parker's "The Battle of the
Strong," his latest story, will be drama
tized. The author has gone to Egypt for
his health.
President Jordan of Leland Stanford
Jr. University is just publishing "Foot
Notes of Evolution," a popular review of
the philosophy of evolution. -
Captain King has another book for the
boys, "From School to Battlefield," which
is issued by Lippincott. The boys will
find it interesting. It is said that Captain
King draws from his own experience.
The Independent says of Emperor Wil
liam's trip to the East: "Viewed from all
sides, the trip can scarcely be looked upon
as successful. The Emperor has been
made to feel that however grand he may
be within his own dominions, outside, of
them he is on a par with other sovereigns,
subject to the same limitations, unable to
do always Just what he would like. He
seems to have returned a sadder man. If
he shall prove also to be a wiser one, the
Palestine trip may result in a distinct
benefit to Germany as well as to the
world." I
In a paper in the December number of
the Engineering Magazine by Colonel
Charles Denby and M. E. P. Allen it is
stated that the first railroad constructed
in China was a narraw-gauge line from
Shanghai to Woosung, put down in 1576,
and intended chiefly. as an ocular demon
stration to the Chinese. At the end of
twelve months it was sold to a Chinese
official, who straightway tore up the rails
and deported them to Formosa. The Bin
gie dummy engine of the line now reposes
peacefully in the mud of some Formosa
harbor, together with the' wreck of the
Junk in which it was transported. During
these twelve months of its existence the '
Shanghal-Woosung Railroad, with Its
single dummy engine and Its train of
small cars, which, by the way, were of
the American pattern, carried three hun
dred thousand passengers. The Chinese
came from far and wide to see and ex
periment with this new barbarian curios
ity, and the people ln the neighborhood,
soon finding it an Institution of great
practical utility, became regular patrons.
A Preventive of Hydrophobia.
Thursday last being St. Hubert's day, a I
curious and picturesque ceremony took
place at all the Brussels churches. At !
4:30 o'clock In the morning a number* of ,
bakers' carts, drawn by dogs or ponies
and containing the loaves for the custom
ers' breakfasts, drew up in front of tne .
church doors. The loaves were taken out i
of the carts and carried Into the church, I
and after mass had been said the cure,
at the head of the clergy, solemnly blessed
them. At the conclusion of the ceremony,
each baker claimed his loaves and drove
off to deliver them to his customers. It ;
is an old Catholic usage in Flanders for
the bread to be blessed on St. Hubert's j
day in order that those who partake of j
it may be -placed under the protection of
the patron saint of sportsmen, and so es- j
cape the terrible disease of hydrophobia j
Flemish Catholics declare that if the cus- j
tom were universal there would be no
need for a Pasteur Institute, an opinion j
which one may respect without sharing.— j
Correspondence London Post.
Cash With French Decorations.
Apropos of the Legion of Honor, it may
not be generally known that a certain
stipend is attached to the same. The
number of persons who at the present mo- !
ment are entitled to this monetary pay- :
ment reaches a total of 30,305, divided as !
follows: Thirty-five grand crosses, 172
grand officers, 812 commanders, 8964 offi
cers and 25,322 chevaliers. The holders of
the . grand crosses each receive £120 per j
annum, the grand officers £80, the com
manders £40 officers £20 and chevaliers i
receive a ; modest £10 per annum. Al
though these sums do not seem very j
large the Legion of Honor costs the coun- j
try a matter, of over 9,000,000f, or £360,000 j
per annum. Military medals In France
also: carry with them a certain annual
monetary' payment, and some 51,000 old
medalists cost. the Government over £200,
--000 per annum.— Messenger.
Mr. Nevell in Thames Street.
The generous usurer, Mr. Nevell, in
Thames street, who allowed his maid
usually a black pudding to dinner, who
once bought a pullet for his wife when
she was sick, but he would go the market
himself because he would not be cosened
by the messenger, and brought the feath
ers home in his hat when it was pulled
because he would not lose them, and how
he was . troubled therewith when the
Lord Mayor seeing him called to speak
with him. And how he made lamentable
moans to his neighbors that this maid had
robbed him, because she gave her sweet
heart a piece of bread and cheese.— From
an Old Tract, 1641.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E Coggeshall, NY R J Baker, Stockton
J P Hayward, NY G Longan, Llvermore
J M St John, NY C B Bills, S Jose
G Radcliff & w, Cal J C Ruddock. Cklah
E A Meserve, L Ang L Katz, Sutter Creek
W H Snell, Tacoma C Vandeven, Brussels
E E Crandall, L.Ang H Longman, Cal
R Cullahan. Stockton J Morgan & w, Cal
W H Lamsden. S Rosa X Abrams, Hanford
J M Davis, Merced L Abrams, Hanford
R Sibley, Cal Mrs Eberle, L Ang
J D Smith, Cal . Miss Massey, Nevada
N W Peters, Cal Mrs Smith, Nevada
Dde Lesper, S Cruz J Roberts, Modesto
E Edwards, Oakland G Young, Modesto
T V Halsey, S Jose J Hebbron. Salinas
C Gllsey, Gilroy J Blair, Sonora
N W Lane. S Cruz F Cutting. Stockton
J Grover, Colusa J M Davis. Merced
C C Basche, Oregon M Edwards, Suisun
C Foster, Rei Bluff E ' Spurlock &W. Sac
J Connely. Skaguay It S Spaulding. Cal
J Goldman, Merced H W Duncan. L Ang
S Androus. Pomona It L Martin, Sacto
Q White. NY G A Legg, Nevada
J M Finch, Merced • '
PALACE HOTEL.
C F Ireland, Ky l-Mrs Brightwell. Texas
RD H Vroom, N V JW Kerr Jr, Stanford
C Dunphy, Stanford F C Lusk, Chico
G J Mercer, NY J p Charming, N V
C P Breslau, S Jose T T Magee, Ky
i Grossbaum, N V J Relallack. Spokane
E C Brush, Boston Mrs Relallack. Spokne
Mrs Brush, Boston N Levinson, Portland
M Stoltz, N V Mrs Levinson, Portlnd
J S Campbell. NY E T Stimson, L Ang
E Lang, Portland Mrs Stimson, L Ang
M Kittleman, Detroit J A Chauslor. L Ang
G B Spencer, NY J A Myers, N V
E Torrence, S Diego E J Young, Florida
J J Crooks, S Rafael C A Lemp, St Louis
W A Miller, Oakland Mrs J W Winston, 4
J H Jones, Chico children and 2 nurses,
H Featherston. ChicagJ Los Angeles
L Emery, Stanford iF O Carmack. St Louis
J Sprong, NY EC Klauber. Chicago
M M Cattln, S Berdo A Mordlca, Stanford
C Brlghtwell. Texas
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
R W Gates, Chicago H Pomery, Suisun
A Dawson, St Louis C H Hughes, Seattle
E A Cone, Oregon A Stuart & w, Boston
H. Kronke. Stockton S Marpln, R Vista
J Mulroy, 8 Jose W Evren & w, S Jose
D McKnuft, Boston J Hone, Reno
S Brown, NY C B Smith. Trucked
W Warburtqn, Sacto J Wallis, L Gatos
A Gerlsch, Wash C F Cross, Stockton
J Alexander. Boston E D Barber, L Ang
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Paclflc Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 8, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall ln last twenty- four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.08 13.32 16.02
Red Bluff 0.00 6.23 6.27
Sacramento 0.00 .... 4.73
San Francisco • O.CO 6.68 4.42
Fresno Trace 2.50 2.06
San Luis Obispo 0.04 3.90 1.76
Los Angeles Trace 0.80 2.63
San Diego 0.16 1.75 1.77
Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.85
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
52; minimum, 42; mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm is approaching the Oregon coast
from the ocean. As yet it Is too far distant
to forecast its extent or severity. The barom
eter has fallen quite rapidly along the coast
from Eureka northward. It has risen slightly
over the plateau region.
The temperature has fallen in Northern
Arizona from the Tehachapi northward and
eastward to the Rocky Mountains.
Light rain fell during the day at San Diego
and in Arizona and snow In Northern Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for scattered show
ers in Northern California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 9, 1899: J
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, with
scattering showers in the northwest portion;
fresh to brisk southerly wind. *-.'/:
Southern California— Monday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— with scattered snows in tha
mountains.
Utah— Cloudy Monday, with scattered snow
in the mountains.
Arizona— cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Monday,
probably with scattered showers; fresh south
erly wind. :"». ':'.'
Special from Mount Tamaipais — Cloudy; wind
northeast; temperature, 40; maximum tem
perature, 44 G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Robinson Point Fog Signal and Post Light.
Notice is hereby given that the sounding of
the fog signal at this station, a 12-inch steam
whistle (giving blasts of six seconds' duration,
with silent Intervals of fifty-four seconds i. lo
cated on the easterly extremity of Maury
Island, about nine miles north of Tacoma,
Wash., will be discontinued for repairs to the
machinery from the 4th day of January to the
loth day of January, both dates inclusive.
This notice affects the List of Lights and Fog
Signals, Pacific Coast, 1898, No. 1111, page 32,
also the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast. 1897, page 68.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board. GEO. C. REITER,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector ' Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland. Or.. Jan. 6, 1899.
NOTICE TO MARINERS,
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
offlce, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before no. and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast- and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and tow waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JANUARY 9.
Sun rises ....7:26
Sun sets ;....-...5:03
Moon rises .5:04 a. m.
0 (Time Time Time Time
5. 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. j Ft.
?LW•H W L W H W
9 ... 2:05 3.0 8:23 6.5! 3:44 —1.0 11:00 4.4
10... 3:05 3.1 9:16 6.5 4:32—1.3 11:44 4.7
11... 4:03 3.0 10:10 6.6 5:19 —1.2
;,HWLW H W L W
12... 0:24! 4.9 4:58 2.8 11:05 6.5 6.02 — J.l
13... 1:04 5.1 6:56 2.6! 12:00 ' 6.2 6:46—0.8
14... 1:44 5.4 : 6:54! 2.3 12:56 5.8 7:31—0.3
15... 2:25[ 5.5| 7:551 2.0| 1:56 5.8 8:16 0.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of ; the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey' charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the . depth given by the charts. ■ The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From.' I Due.
Weeott. ...lYaquina Bay IJan. 9
Siam ...Nanaimo iJan. 9
Washtenaw ... JTacoma .' ..........(Jan. 9
Bristol (Departure Bay Jan. 9
Colon (Panama Jan. 9
Progreso [Seattle Jan. 9
' Columbia... [Portland (Jan. 10
! Orizaba (Newport Jan. 10
Alliance.... Portland Jan. 10
] Czarina Puget Sound Jan. 10
Leelanaw Seattle Jan. 10
j Mariposa... Sydney Jan. 11
i Chilkat 'Humboldt : Jan. 11
j Umatilla (Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 12
j Santa Rosa San Diego ...Jan. 13
j Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 12
i Samoa Humboldt Jan. 12
Wyefleld... Nanaimo Jan. 12
Pomona.... Humboldt ; 'Jan. 12
Areata — ...... Coos Bay ......'Jan. 12
Nippon Maru... China and Japan........ 'Jan. 13
Coos Bay I Newport < Jan. 14
' Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 15
' PtateCaUfer'nia Portland ..• Jan. 15
j Chas. Nelson... iPuget 50und...... — ... Jan. 15 t
inter.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ; Destination. j Sails. | Pier
Acapulco ..Panama Jan. 9. 12 m'PMSS
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 9, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona ..... San Diego Jan. 10, 11 am Pier 11
Weeott Coos Bay Jan. 10, 10 am Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 11, ? pm Pier 7
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt 3d. Jan. 11, 10 am Pier 9
Aloha Point Arena.. Jan. 11, 3 pm Pier 2
Orizaba ... Newport.....:. [Jan. 12, 9 am ' Pier 11
Alliance ... 'Oregon Ports. ! Jan. 12, 10 am Pier 20
Columbia .. Portland...... Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 21
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 14, 11 am ! Pier 11
Pt.* Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 14, 3 pm Pier 2
Areata Coos Bay (Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 13
Curacao ... Mexic0.......: 'Jan. 14, 10 cm Pier 9
UmaUlla. ..jVlo & Pgt Sd. Jan. J. 6, 10 ampler 8
; Destination. !
Sails.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED. .7-. ..'.-'
Sunday, January 8.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 71¥> hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 25 hours from Eu
reka. ' -'.yy
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports'. '
Stmr Corona, Dehney, 60 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 36 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Albion, Thompson, 16 hours from Al
bion. - -:;•*;-.;■■?' y-'-.y.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. 96 hours from De
parture Bay.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 18 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 3 days from
Blhlers Point.
SAILED.
Sunday, January L
Stmr Noyo, Daniels, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Ruth, Strand.
Stmr Mineola, David, Tacoma.
Stmr State of California. Parson. Astoria.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson Grays Harbor
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelsen. f4*ita Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan. 8, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived ■ Jan B— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Jan 5.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
ASTORIA— Jan Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco; Br ship Buteshire, for Queens- .
town; stmr Sunol, for San Francisco; Br ship
Samoena, for Queenstown; Ger ship Emln
Pasha, for Queenstown; stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco. -:-::,..:-.--;
VENTURA— Jan 8— Schr Fanny Du
tard, for Port Blakeley.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Jan Stmr Point
Arena, hence Jan 7.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan B— Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan 8.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool; stmr Nomadic, from Liver
pool; stmr Britannia, from Marseilles.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan S— Stmr Cevio. fm
New York.
QCEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan Stmr Servla,
for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Jan B— Stmr Bel
genland for Liverpool.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 9 Stmr La Norman
die, from New York for Havre.
AUCTION SALES.
. _____ — ,
BANKRUPT SALE OF
HORSES!
Notice is hereby given that, in pursuance of
the order of MILTON J. GREEN, referee in
bankruptcy, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, tha
undersigned, WILLIAM H. LEAHY, trustee of
the estate of ADAM HANNAH, a bankrupt,
will sell at public auction to the highest and
best bidder for cash, in gold coin of the United
States, at 2 o'clock p. m., on TUESDAY, the
10th day of January, ISS9, at Emanuel Station,
County of San Mateo, State of California, and
at the former place of business of said bank-
rupt SIXTEEN (16) HEAD OF HORSES, be-
longing to the estate of said bankrupt. Said
sale will be made subject to the confirmation
of said referee in bankruptcy.
WILLIAM H. LEAHY,
Trustee of the Estate of said ADAM HAN-
NAH, Bankrupt.
ELEGANT NEW OAK FURNITURE,
RICH CARPETING,
Contained in Thirty Newly Furnished Rooms.
No. 219 GRANT AYE., NEAR POST,
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) AT 11 A. M.
FRANK W. BUTTERFTELD, 602 Market st.
/Ttk r> Gibbon's Dispensary,
A^M ()25 UEAB.\T M. Established
Grirßil ln 185 ** ior tne treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KE4B.\T ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■ tSBESJJtSwIH disease wearing ou bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
fe**KJs2ig*"KH others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ES__S__aCuremea»rant«>«-d. Callorwrite.-
3>r. J. _>. uIBBO>, Box 1357. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL. 7/' i
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W. . , Steamers leave Broadway
|SBlgfc(^ wharf, San Francisco:
I ES^_P_t ■ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i _-SpS**'rV'-«l Jan * - * 6 * 11, 16, 21. 28. 31;
! __M_9__*9 Feb. 5; change at Seattle.
B__^_3_! 01 " Victoria. Vancouver, (B.
flsWßXEfljml C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
' Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
a6 *«^ and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a, m., Jan. 1, 6, 11. 16, 21.
26 Sl Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.. at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. \y- ; yy
FOr Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan. 4.
9, 14, 19, 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. _."_. _ *
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. .
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16. 20. 24, 28.
Feb. 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping v.nly at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14. 18, 22, 26, 30, Feb. 3, and
every, fourth day thereafter. --'•;-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chance,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf . at 10 a, m.
CADC 512 First Class Including Berths
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3, IS, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18. 28, Feb. ■T.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ~-\-;
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
. GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., *
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantiqus. ,
~ (French Line) y?
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -~-„
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <sFg*f' l X
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North ____■_
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE Jan. 21,
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 28 '
LA GASCOGNE Feb. 4
LA CHAMPAGNE .Feb. 11
First class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $4". 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacinc Coast Agents, I
Montgomery aye., San Francis-.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
■ ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India: etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, Jan. 25
AMERICA MARC ....Tuesday, Feb 25
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
J-vvyy W. B. CURTIS, General j Agent
PJ-SPgH-^lfl S * S - AUSTRALIA
S»trt_lil» saJls tor Honolulu
'la ~ . Wednesday January
S3 '>— — >. 11. 1599, at 2 p. m.
fjj^ri,;,.^, The S. S. MARl-
rtlE.fflSn D^ POSA saJl ' ! *•*•* Hoqo -
i^mrv-iWii lulu and Auckland for
(Omo_fl_b Sydney Wednesday,
\J"FW*i Jan. 25. at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS." CO., AgenU,
114 Montgomery street
Freight Offlce — 327 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY -AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. , X '
9:45 a. m., 1:15 p. m. (8:20 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .............. 10:90 a. va. and I p. tt.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pl«r V
Z«l*pbone Main UM,
78
ALL DECLARE THAT BURNS
IS MUCH TOO SANGUINE
Alameda County Slow to Believe That Her Legislators
' , Will Stray From the Straight and Narrow
.; / Path of Duty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, January 8.
• Alameda County is patiently waiting
and watching while nine reputations are
at stake. Her twenty-six thousand voters
are not in a humor to plead or to coax,
but they are demanding that their rep
resentatives in the State Legislature shall
represent them and represent them con
sistently:
The honors having been voted to these
nine men the county now expects that the
oft-repeated pledges to represent their
districts in accordance with the expressed
tvlKhes of their constituents shall be ob
served and faithfully carried out. The
three Senators and six Assemblymen were
not sent to Sacramento for the purpose
of seeking personal gain or self-aggran
dizement, except as it shall become their
•reward by fidelity to the people who sent
them there. They were not elected to
represent their personal tastes, but the
twenty-six thousand people who are privi
leged to cast a ballot in this county and
the seventy thousand v»ho are not.
.7 "Prior to the election there was but one
• sentiment expressed in all the speeches
made hy these representatives. Each wish
. Ed to do his whole duty by those whose
favors they were then seeking, and Ala
7meUa does not believe that these pledges
• are to be cast aside and reputations blast
till at the behest of a corrupt individual.
Prior to the convention at which eight
oi these nine representatives were elect
ed,, there was* some talk about the hand
Of Colonel Burns being seen in various
[nations then maturing. County Re
corder Grim spread tne statement that he
had asked the colonel to support him for
the office he then sought, and that Burns
had told him he could not be Recorder,
but that he might get some other nomina
tion. 'I'll'- result of Burns taking a hand
ln the fight for Recorder has long been
known. Spear, who was Burns' man and
the only man on the whole ticket in whose
favor Burns said a single word, was hope
lessly snowed under and Grim was elected
by a vast majority.
This is significant of the feeling toward
Burns In Alameda County, and had there
been the remoteast suspicion that he was
manipulating the legislative ticket not
■ one of his nominees would have shared
better than did Charles Spear.
•„ This talk regarding Burns' manipula
tion in this county was vehemently de
nied, and made the excuse for nominees
to again reiterate their pledges of honesty
of purpose and fidelity to their districts.
Everybody was anxious to Impress upon
the voters the fat . that they were entirely
•free from all railroad or ring influence
of any kind, and in spite of the gratuitous
'•assumption on the part of some of Col
onel Burns' friends, Alameda County will
not pass judgment in advance of those
in whom the highest trust has been
placed. The oft-repeated Boast that the
colonel can control six and possibly seven
votes from the Alameda delegation is re
garded as a canard born for the purpose
of strengthening a decaying structure. It
is possible that he may ultimately draw
two or three votes from this county, but
.there are "thousands who have sufficient
Confidence in their representatives to be
lie, that this is an exaggerated estimate.
'A. canvass of public opinion has not
brought forth one Burns man in five hun
dred. Everybody questioned on the Sen
atorial matter admits frankly that the
election of Burns would be a lasting dis
grace, or else they hide their leaning to
ward the man from Mexico by remaining
• silent, and the camp of the silent ones
has yet to be found.
„ A glance at the personnel of the dele-
Lg gation will help to show why this county
Is confident that Its representatives have
„ hot ceased to represent it by representing
. '.corruption. Senator Taylor, who Is in
• -trusted -with the honor of representing
.; -Alameda and a large slice of the county
this side of the estuary, has already, so
•• It Is reported from Sacramento, openly re
pudiated the charge that he is wear
ing a Burns collar. No one knows better
."than Senator Taylor that his future in
> politics and in public life would be eter
.. pally damned if he should so misrepresent
. his eminently conservative district by vot
*"ing for Burns. The Senator cannot afford
.to jeopardize his career Just at a time
..when he Is on the threshnold of scoring
..a success and being rewarded with public
* approval. It has always been the boast
* of .Alameda that her political life is far
•."•cleaner than that of Oakland, and the
"Encinal City xvould accord a peculiar re
ception to any man who would betray its
•-.' confidence in the halls of legislation. No
'•; one: in Alameda has any Idea that Senator
'. Taylor intends any such political hara
" kiri.
""' If Senator Stratton wanted to shake
. the : faith of Alameda County in every
thing that man holds sacred he could do
•.. "it by voting for Colonel Burns. Senator
-• Stratton intends to cant his first ballot
for Judge Morrow. After that he Is not
' . pledged, but there is not a voter in his
■"'•. district who has the remotest Idea that
v " this Senator will ever answer "Burns"
to the rollcall.
The position of Senator Leavitt Is one
• • of great interest. It is known and was
known all through the campaign that ho
". c was a warm personal friend of Colonel
•Burns. His business relations lead him
"•very closely to the colonel, and Leavitt'a
• • ' Somewhat rapid progress In politics was
■ • largely due to the fact that he had some
.• "" strong political friendships. Senator
• ,.- Leavitt also knows that the people in his
i, '•district are not desirous that Burns
; • should go to the- United States Senate.
Had it been known that Burns was a
' candidate three months ago, and that
Frank Leavitt intended to vote for him.
: . the Senator from that district would
have been C. V.'. Logan, a Democrat.
Everybody realizes that Senator Leavitt
•is in a delicate position, and his brilliant
. record in the Assembly two years ago has
since been regarded as the "foundation of
n stable public career. Pour years must
• pass before he will come before the
...voters again, but this period is too short
for voters to forget a breach of faith, and
Leavitfs friends are loud In declaring
„ .- that he will "do the right thing" by those
he represents next Tuesday.
. • • Assemblyman Knowland of Alameda
lias already declared himself. He is not
; 111 the Burns camp, and no one suspected
 ° that he would be. Knowland has always
been regarded as a clean, upright man.
I .and there Is no reason to believe that the
"public career on which he has just en
, tered will be any less reputable than his
private life.
c Assemblyman McKeen from West Oak
land lias been credited to the Burns col
umn, but this Is hard to believe. Mc-
Keen is in the prime of life, and i.as al
: ready expressed a wish that his term in
'■-' the Legislature will not he his only po
litical .experience, lie is known to cher
ish an honest pride in his work as a
legislator, and for a quarter of a cen
tury he has enjoyed the reputation of
being a man of his word, fearless and
• conscientious. It is true that for this
, quarter of a century he has been in a
"position of trust with the railroad com
pany, and it is also true that his late
employers desire the election of Burns.
. Assemblyman McKeen, however. has
° ' frequently said, and doubtless truly. that
• • he was elected not to serve a corporation
but an Assembly district. Unless he for
•the first time, breaks a promise, his vote
will not be for Burns.
.Certain it is that Mr. McKeen is not
anxious to enjoy the sort of distinction
'. that has been, the portion of his prede
• cessor from that district.
;" 'Speaker Wright, who represents . the
•-.classic town of Berkeley and the aristo
• ."* cratic Sex-enth Ward, knows full well
• • what is expected of him. Mr. Wright has
.'. the respect of every Republican and prob
: • ably of every other voter in his popu
• lous district. When the campaign start
•' led his opponent for the nomination was
Will B. Pringle, a young Councilman who
has made an enviable record by the fear
lessness, energy and intelligence with
which he has represented the Seventh
Ward in Oakland's municipal govern
ment and his active opposition to every
thing savoring of corruption and ring
politics.
Mr. Wright in the last Assembly was
faithful to his pledges, and It was con
sidered but just that he should be re
warded by another term. Mr. Pringle
withdrew, and his opponent is now the
Speaker of the Lower House. It would
be a crowning, of infamy for the repre
sentative from this district to set a pre
mium on vice and dishonesty by, voting
for Burns.
One of the most prominent men in this
district has said that if any represent
ative had gone before the voters pledged
to Burns he would not have received 100
ballots, and this is undoubtedly true.
John A. Bliss, one of the most respect
ed merchants of this city, is believed to
have been chosen for an Assemblyman
mainly because of his stainless reputa
tion. Mr. Bliss, like McKeen, is a man
no longer young, and is known to be
proud of the reputation he has built up
in this community during many years.
The rumor has gone forth that Mr. Bliss,
while regarded even by the railroad work
ers as ah honest man, can be induced to
do the corporation's bidding through
pressure that may be brought to bear
upon his brother-in-law. who is in the
emplcv of the Southern Paclflc. Such a
position is not pleasing to be in. espe
cially when Mr. Bliss must know that the
railroad company is certainly doing
everything in its power to obtain every
vote possible to nominate Burns. It would
be bard to persuade all those (or any of
them) who voted for Mr. Bliss that he
will be found wavering in fidelity when
put to the test at Sacrcmiento.
Assemblyman Joe Kelly has frequently
been spoken of as having been taken up
from his comparatively obscure life as a
partner in a laundry for the express pur
pose of doing one's bidding— just whose
no one would say. I do not believe this.
Kelly was down from Sacramento last
night and I held a conversation with him.
He is an engaging young fellow, appa
rently with a very sincere bearing and
anxious to do what is right. He declined
to say who was his choice for Senator
or whether he had a choice, but admit
ted that Burns was not any too popular
with the people of this county.
It is hard to believe that a young man
of such pronounced independence as
Kelly appears to possess would consent
to be an instrument in the hands of cith
ers merely to carry out mechanically part
of a programme which he had no hand in
making and with which he has no sym
pathy.' Kelly is probably the youngest
man 'in the delegation. He is ambitious
and in his business has made a success.
In his ward he is popular, and his truest
friends believe that he possesses all that
is necessary to succeed in public life.
Kelly is always spoken of as a man who
could be trusted and who never would
permit any of his friends to be in want
if the knowledge of their misfortune was
conveyed to him. These characteristics
do not belong to that class of men who
are led around by the nose.
Next Tuesday Kelly will have the
chance of a lifetime to make a record.
More so than any other member of the
delegation, because he has so frequently
been mentioned as being completely tied
up with the Burns manipulators.
Bill McDonald, the tall wit of Murray
Township, is a hard man for any one to
corral. McDonald Is not unknown In
county politics, and at conx-entlons has
made some of the most forceful of
speeches. When he was nominated It
was foreseen that it would be compara
tively useless for any one to run against
him. and although his district has nor
mally a large Democratic vote McDonald
came out an easy winner. It was In his
section of the county that there was some
disappointment that a man was not nom
inated for Superintendent of Schools, and
It was prophesied that this ignoring of
Washington Township at the county con
vention xvould help to defeat the other
Kepublican nominees. This it not true
in the case of McDonald, and his large
majority added to the sacred trust that
is now reposed in him and which will be
put to a crucial test when ballots are be
ing cast for a United States Senator.
McDonald has always been classed as
an anti-corporation man, and he Is now
in a position to emphasize the opinion
held of him.
No representatix-e of Alameda County
will vote for Burns, for the instant he
casts a ballot for him that instant such a
legislator ceases to represent any por
tion of the county.
STUART W. BOOTH.
THREE BOLD BURGLARIES.
Oakland Houses Visited by Unwel-
come Guests.
OAKLAND. Jan. B.— Three burglaries
were committed to-night while the occu
pants of the houses entered were attend
ing church. Mrs. Sarah Wakefield's
home, 1311 Harrison street, was robbed
and considerable money and jewelry and
a check for $100 were among the property
found missing when Mrs. Wakefield ar
rived home. There are others stopping
at Mrs. Wakefield's, hence the complete
list of missing property and money could
not be ascertained to-night.
The residence *>t Mrs. Easel at Tenth
and Magnolia street- was also robbed,
and here the booty amounted to $16 In
cash, a lot of Jewelry, opera glasses, etc.
The residence of Key. Charles R. Brown,
pastor of the First Congregational
Church. Twenty-first and Webster streets,
was also entered, but the noise of the
breaking of a pane of glass was heard by
neighbors, who, in their endeavors to
ascertain the cause, frightened, the burg
lars away. Nothing is reported as miss
ing from Bey. Mr. Brown's residence.
The jobs were not perpetrated by nov
ices, but experienced crooks. In each In
stance the locks on the front doors were
very cleverly picked and thus admittance
was gained.
DEATH OF EDWARD' MEEKS.
Sudden Demise of the Owner of the
Orpheum Site.
OAKLAND, Jan. B.— Edward Mecks, a
capitalist, died very suddenly this morn
ing at his homo on Columbus avenue,
North Oakland. Late last night Mr.
Mecks complained of pain over his heart,
which became so unbearable that he re
fused to retire, or to consent to have a
physician summoned. At 9:30 o'clock he
passed away. His death is attributed to
heart troubles and an inquest will be
had. Deceased was a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years and was unmar
ried. His father died over a year ago,
leaving an estate of considerable value.
Among the valuable real estate interests
of the deceased is the Orpheum Theater
site in San Francisco.
Dr. Milton this evening conducted an
autopsy on the body, and found that death
had been * caused by fatty degeneration
of the heart. This organ, moreover, was
not in its normal position, but presented
a strange anatomical freak of lying hori
zontal. While. Dr. Milton regarded this
as not extraordinary, he stated that the
fatty degeneration had been superinduced
by the peculiar position of the organ
Joint Installation of Officers.
OAKLAND. Jan. &.— There was a joint
installation of the officers elect of Eden
Grange No. 26 of Haywards and Temescal
Grange No. 35 of this city at . I. O. O. F.
Hall yesterday afternoon. The impressive
exercises were conducted by J. C. Steele
Jr. of Pescadero Grange, assisted by Mrs.
Emery and Miss Dennis. Folowlng were
the officers installed:.
Eden Grange— Master, J. Hollister; over
seer, H. Sorensen ; steward, J. W. Moore ;
assistant steward, R. T. Thomas; lee
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, DAT, JANUARY 9, 1899.
' turer, Mrs. E. L. Muzzy; chaplain. Rev.
E. L. Garbcr; secretary. Miss O. Chris-
I tensen; treasurer, Mrs. J. Hollister; gate
' keeper, H. A. Horton; Ceres, Mrs. B.
. Wood; Pomona, Mrs. Herrick; Flora, Mrs.
Sorensen; lady assistant steward, Mrs. J.
W. Van Horn; organist. Miss R. Dennis.
Temescal Grange— Master, C. F. Emery;
overseer, J.F. Cross; lecturer. Mrs. S. H.
Dewey; steward, J. M. Moore; assistant
i steward, D. W. Gilbert; chaplain, Mrs. S.
i A. Whldden; treasurer. L. Fink; secre
; tary, N.G. Babcock; gatekeeper. V. W.
, Still; Ceres, Mrs. S. J. Cross; Flora, Mrs.
1 Ida B. Moore; Pomona, Mrs. A. J. Morley;
I lady assistant steward, Mrs. Nettie R.
I Jones; organist. Miss Hulda. Dewey.
A Little Lost Child.
OAKLAND, Jan. B.— E. Belrose of 1164
San Pablo avenue reported the loss of his
10-year-old nephew to the police to-night.
The boy and his father. Harry Rousseau,
arrived from British Columbia a few days
ago. While they were visiting at Bel
rose's home the boy disappeared just be
fore noon, and up to a late hour this even
ing no trace of him could be found,
though a very thorough search was made.
The child is of slight build, fair com
plexion, blue eyes and wore a brown suit
of clothes, tanned shoes and a cap.
Mr. Belrose called at the City Prison
again before midnight and expressed
fears that the child might have met with
foul play. He. said the boy had in his
possession a lady's gold watch and
chain of considerable. value.
Found Dead in His Room.
OAKLAND. Jan. B.— Thomas Foster,
j coachman for William V. Witcher, presi
-1 dent of the Pierce Hardware Company,
' was found dead in his worn at the Witch
! er place this afternoon. This morning the
i deceased was attending to his various
. duties as usual and appeared to be in good
spirits. At 2:30 he was found lying upon
the floor of his room by a friend, J. D.
; Wangerin. Deceased was a native of
j England and well advanced in years.
Died Before He Drank.
OAKLANiJ, Jan. B.— Erlck Erickson
dropped dead to-night in the saloon con
ducted by P. W. Streuber, corner of First
and Webster streets. Deceased was a
native of Finland, aged about 40 years,
and was a sailor on the American bark
Nicholas Thayer, which arrived in port
a few days ago. Erickson had just walk
ed into tbe place and was about to call
for a drink at the bar. when . he fell
backward on the floor dead.
Church Services in Oakland. j
OAKLAND, Jan. S.— Bev. J. J. Smith,
the evangelist of Michigan, occupied the
pulpit at the Twenty-fourth-avenue M. E. i
Church to-day, and a musical service was
conducted by Rev. N. C. B. Smith, his |
brother.
Bey. Charles R. Brown spoke to-night
at the First Congregational Church on I
"The Home Influence of Beliglon," being j
the first of a new series of lectures on
'•The Home End of Things."
"I Ought. I Can, I Will," was the sub
ject of Bey. Dr. Coyle's sermon at the
First Presbyterian Church to-night.
Bey. J. G. Gasman of Alameda deliv
ered an interesting morning sermon at
Bey. V. Marshall Law's Church of the
Advent to-day.
Bex-. C. H. Hobart commenced a new
series of lectures at the First Baptist
Church to-night on "Gospel Giants of the
Nineteenth Century," the first name being
that of Charles G. Finney, the lawyer
preacher.
At the evening services at the Union- >
street Presbyterian Church Professor and
Mrs. Dobbins gave their latest version of i
"A Ship Without a Pilot." illustrated by j
stereoptlcon views.
Rev. C. M. Hill's sermon at the Tenth- \
avenue Baptist Church this morning was ;
on "Lessons of a Parable."
Bex-. J. T. Sunderland, at the Unitarian I
Church, to-day delivered an Interesting
sermon on "Some Important World
Events of the Past Year and Their Les- j
sons."
George C. Needham. the Irish ex-ange
list, preached in the Brooklyn Presbyte
rian Church to-day.
A QUEER SITUATION*.
Alameda School Trustees Cannot De
pose a Bigamist Member.
ALAMEDA. Jan. S.— Tho Board of Free
i Library Trustees are short a member.
1 They do not know where to find him or
I how to fill the vacancy caused by his long
I and probably permanent absence.
When George S. Ames married a second
•wife at Santa Rosa without going
I through the formality of a legal sepa
; ration from his lormer spouse, he was a
i member of the library board. He had
not attended the meetings very regularly,
I but had done nothing to disqualify him.
i Now all the world knows he is a fu
gitive and living in Mexico to escape
i prosecution for bigamy, but the Library
! Trustees have no official notification of
i the fact, and are apparently powerless
! to rid their records of his name or select
; his successor. He did not resign his po-
I sition before his hasty departure, anu that
, is what leaves the board -In its present
'■■ predicament. Tnere is much comment on
i the Trustees' lack of action in the mat
-1 ter. Ames left in September.
Rammer's Body Recovered. j
ALAMEDA, Jan. The body of Louis
Kammer, who committed suicide Decem
ber 7 by jumping from the Bay Farm
Island bridge, xvas discovered this after
noon on the mud fiats off the island shore,
opposite the foot of Park street. It was
found by C. G. Ayers of 1732 Eagle
avenue and James Mitchell of Pacific
avenue and William street, who wire
hunting on the marshes. The body was
taken to the Alameda branch morgue,
xvhere it was Identified. Kammer's hat
and watch were found on the Bay Farm
Island bridge early in the morning of
December 7. Considerable mystery sur- i
rounded the case. Some of the man's;
friends insisted that he had not com- i
mitted suicide, but had gone to new
fields on account of family troubles. Mrs.
Kammer stated that in her opinion her
husband had met. with foul play. There
were no marks of violence on the body
and everything Indicates that the case is
one of suicide. Deceased was a member
of the Hermann Sohns, under whose
auspices the funeral will be held.
Policemen Being Tried Out. J
ALAMEDA. Jan. B.— Wimam ahimith, ,
one of the police officers appointed on '
probation without pay, Is doing regular
duty as substitute for Officer Keyes, who
is still suffering from the effects of nis
encounter with a desperate criminal In
Oakland. "Wahmuth, Homer Paris and
George Smith were appointed police offi- !
cers without pax* by the City Trustees, j
with the understanding that Chief Con- |
rad was to give each one a trial, and the :
one in his opinion best qualified for the
work is to be given a permanent position j
on the force.
Improved School Facilities:
ALAMEDA. Jan. B.— The public schools
will reopen to-morrow after the holiday
xacatlon. The department has made pro
visions to accommodate the increased at
tendance by buila.ng several class-rooms
in the basements of the schools, xne
buildings were badly overcrowded before
vacation, and the "new arrangements will
give temporary relief. It is the purpose
of the Board of Education to erect a new
school building as soon as funds are
available. Provisions for this will proba
bly be made In the next tax levy.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. B.— Cordes Hose Com
pany No. 5 has elected the following
board of officers: Fred White, foreman;
Perry Fox. first assistant; Lord A. Scott,
second assistant; Frank Graham, secre
tary and treasurer.
Matriculation Examinations.
BERKELEY, Jan. B.— The second term
of the present academic year of the Uni
versity of California will open on Mon
day. January 16. The faculty has made
arrangements to re-examine all fresh
men students who xvere deficient in their
requirements for admission last August."
The examinations are not intended for
those about to enter college, but only for
those already members of the university
whose preparatory work for entrance was
not found-satisfactory at the beginning
of the college year.
The schedule for these has been ar
ranged as follows: Thursday, January
s—English, algebra, Latin, government
of the United States; Friday, January
13— Geometry, Greek, English, English
composition, French, Latin; Saturday,
January Greek and Roman history,
chemistry, medieval and modern history,
Greek, solid geometry, plane trigonom
etry, advanced algebra, botany, zoology,
physics, Latin, German.
Four Days' Bible Institute.
By special request Rev. George C.
Needham, ' the Irish evangelist, will con
duct a series of Bible lectures at the Cen
tral M. E. Church, Mission street, near
Sixth, commencing to-morrow afternoon
at 3 o'clock i and continuing at the same
hour Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
afternoons. '^W-fm _MB-'fflM__i_LiJ- 7
REWARDED FOR
ATTENTION TO
THEIR STUDIES
Sunday -School Chil
dren Given Prizes.
MANY WIN SILVER MEDALS
AWARDED YESTERDAY AT ST.
MARY'S CATHEDRAL.
The Annual Christmas Tree Festival
-.Meets "With Success — Names of
Sunday School Pupils
Specially Honored.
Twenty-eight pils of St. Mary's Ca
thedral Sunday-school were awarded
medals for excellent scholarship in Chris
tian doctrine yesterday afternoon at the
annual Christmas tree festival in the
basement chapel of the cathedral. Over
600 more were presented with premiums
and various appropriate prizes, consisting
of pictures of the saints, pearl rosary
beads and bisque holy water receptacles.
In addition to these tokens in apprecia
tion of their work of the past year,
each pupil was presented with a box of
candy. The young ladies and the Sisters
of the Holy Family in charge of the dif
ferent classes were also remembered, each
receiving a magnificent present.
Those who received. medals were as fol
lows:
. James Ryan, Gussle Sleverllch, Walter Cos
tello, Hugh Carter. Robert Rogers, Miss May
O'Donnell, Miss Loretta Fenton, Miss Anna
Sullivan, Miss Beatrice Fogeth, Miss Nellie
O'Connor. Miss Mary Murray, Miss Clotilda
Besby, Miss Mary O'Connor, Miss May Finn,
Miss Camille Byrne, Miss Helena Bellew, Miss
Grace McGuerney, Miss Florence Mclnerney,
Miss Agatha Nelson, Miss Mamie Stark, Miss
Maud Mailer, Miss Margaret O'Donnell, Miss
Minnie Otto, Miss Marie Chesworth, Miss Ad
dle Brickley, Miss Kate Flynn and Miss Cesca
Rodgers.
j First prizes were awarded to the pupils !
! in the various classes as follows:
j Miss Gibbons' class. Miss May Healy; Miss
| Smith's class. Miss Maggie Yarrow; Mips Dur- ;
kee's class, .Miss Irene Otto; Miss Sullivan's i
! class. Miss Tlllie O'Connor; Miss Ahem' a class, I
. Miss May Kelly; Miss Shelly's class. Miss Ma-
I mie Harper: Miss Driscoll's class. Miss Anna
i Cotter; Miss Quinn's class, Miss May Dunn;
I Miss Ward's class, Miss Lizzie Hogan; Mrs. ;
; Reeve's class, Miss Elizabeth Henrloullo; '
j Miss Curran's class. Miss Grace Tobin; Miss |
j Boyle's class. Miss Teresa Ryan; Miss Quig- |
ley's class. Miss Ltllle Wauek; Miss Stevens'
class. Miss Nellie O'Rourke; Miss Derrick's
i class, Miss Lillie Murphy; Miss O' Neil's class,
Miss Kathleen Hogan; Miss Felsel'a class. Miss i
! Gertrude Wlnthrop; Miss Quatman's class, ;
'■ Miss Daisy Boehme: Miss Doyle's class. Miss
Elsie Llchenstedt; Miss Larney's class. Miss
Nora Sandy; Miss C. Byrne's class, Miss Ma
. Bel Watson; Miss Cabrlra'e class, Miss Kate :
, Mann; Miss B. Byrne's class. Miss Margaret
; Bravender; Miss Fenton's claps. Miss Rita
Coleman; Miss Vulteevlch's class, Miss Irma
: Geisting; Miss Stevens' class. Miss Elvira
Sevenson: Miss K. Gibbons' class, Miss Mar
garet Cowan; Miss Ryan's class. Miss Gertrude I
Mahoney; Miss Dower's class, Miss Kate
Geary; Sister Fensa's class. Miss Alleen Dug- I
gan; Mrs. Murfey's class. Miss Mar;. Done- ;
| gan: Miss O'Leary's class. Miss Shirley King; l
Miss White's .class. Miss Margaret Doody; i
! Sister Amelda's clan, Miss Genevieve c»iman; i
Miss O'Dea's class. Miss Ethel Anderly; Miss !
Desmond's class. Miss Agnes Otto; Miss Ryan's j
class, Miss Alvlna Schelble; Miss Sullivan's |
; class. Miss May Rlordan: Miss Barrett's class.
Miss Laura l'erks: Miss Murphy's class. Miss
Maud Goodban: Miss Dorgan's das*, Miss |
Roxvena Sullivan; Miss Klelneberg's class. j
Miss Maggie Clancy: Miss .Gallagher's class,
' Miss Gertrude Geisting: Miss ('..lligan's class. |
' Master William Costlgan; Miss McKinley's |
! class, Master Edwin Hyde; Miss Connolly's i
! class, Master Joseph Broderick; Mr. Deasy's j
I class. Master William Murphy; Mr. Flynn's j
class. Master Harry Rlmlinger: Miss Hay's
class. Master Joseph O'Neill; Miss O'Brien's
class. Master Jerome Donegan; Miss Shafer'a ;
' class. Master Rudolph Francis: Miss Bagel' a <
! class, Master Paul Gudet; Miss Ratlgan's
I class. Master William Ryan; Miss Stevenson's ;
i class, Master Edward Mulllns: Miss White's :
class. Master William Casey; Miss Paisleys |
class, Master Edward Davis; Miss Hurley's
class. Master Ephram Wade; Miss Flnnlgan's .
class, Master John Glblln: Miss Mitchell's ;
< class. Master Thomas Stevenson: Miss Curtis'
class, Master Walter Colgan: Miss Sanderson's
Clan, Master Louis Henrioulle; Miss Auld's i
1 class, Masters Victor Ferrar nnd William Wat- :
t son: Sister Rose's class. Master .Taspar O'Far- ,
• rell: Mrs. McKlnstry's class. Master John Mur
: ray; Mrs. Covlr-'s class, Master Joseph S"ec- |
. chitaln: Miss O'Mnlley's class. Master Eugene j
Rlordan; bliss McCarthy's class. Master Wal- I
; ter Williams; Bister Gabriel's class. Master ;
: Henry Gnrrlty; Miss Conway's class. Master |
Maurice Finn; Sister Raphael's class, Master I
Joseph Tracy; Sister Mary's class. Master j
James Rlordan.
The festival was presided over by the
Bex-. J. J. Prendergast, vicar general of
the archdiocese, who was assisted by
Fathers Dempsey and Hannigan and the
superintendent of the Sunday-school. Fa
ther Prendergast delivered a short ad
dress on the_puroose of the custom of an
nually bestowing gifts upon the children
who attend the Sunday-school and faith
fully- pursue the various studies.
MEASLES IN THE CITY FRISON.
Roy F. Allen, a Boy Burglar, Suffer
ing From the Disease.
A case of measles dex-eloped in the City
Prison Saturday night and the patient.
Boy F. Allen. 20 years of age, was taken
to ' the Becelxing Hospital yesterday
morning and later to the City and County
Hospital.
Allen was arrested December 2S on
Fourth street by Policeman W. J. Smith,
on a charge of burglary. His ease was to
come up for preliminary hearing before
Judge Conlan to-morrow. Saturday
morning he complained of being sick and
as he got worse he was sent to the hos
pital yesterday morning, where Dr. Weil
at once diagnosed his case as measles.
He must have had the germs of the dls,
ease just before being taken to the prison"
as the period of incubation is from seven
to ten days.
The cells are disinfected every day and
it is not thought that he could have
caught the disease In his cell. There xv»re
nine others in the cell and it is probable
that some of them may have caught th«.
disease.
Responsibility of Churches.
Rex-. P. Coombe, pastor of the Richmond
Congregational Church, -delivered a ser
mon last night on "The Power and Re
sponsibility of the Churches." Ills ser
mon showed muqh research and deep
study. He began by Illustrating the pow
er of the Jewish church in Its early days.
From the Bible, as well as history, was
shown the fact that the Jewish nation
xvas the greatest on earth as long as its
people followed the laws -and precepts of
its church. Its decay began with its de
parture from the laws of Moses.
Taking up the subject "■' of the Roman
Catholic church the pastor. Bald that as a
church it had always been a controlling
factor in politics. He showed how Pope
John VIII began the political work
of the church by degrading and humili
ating Charles the Bald of France. He
said that It was the purpose of the church
to spread broadcast and teach the people"
the law and word of God. and that in this
the church performed Its entire mission.
All Received Communion.
Between 500 and CM members of the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church recelx-'ed holy communion in a
body yesterday morning at the 7:30 mass.
Preparatory to assembling in the church
a procession was formed in the assembly
room in the basement from whence it
proceeded to the church proper immedi
ately upon the tolling of the first bell, a
quarter of an hour previous to the so
lemnization of mass. Immediately after
the last gospel an eloquent address xvas
delivered for the instruction of the young
men who had received communion.
1898 Custom House Statistics.
Show Importations in IS'"'', of 8G.853 cases
G. H. MI'MM'S EXTRA LmIY. 52,649 more
than any other brand. Made of choicest
grapes and first pressings. Bottles will
bear green neckband and star label. •
FRIENDS ARE
SEARCHING FOR
DR. MORRISON
His Parents Greatly
Alarmed.
THEY SUSPtCT FOUL PLAY
HE WAS LAST SEEN THREE
WEEKS AGO.
Peculiar Disappearance of One of the
Surgeons of the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital *
Staff.
Dr. Morrison of the Receiving Hospital
staff is among the missing. His relatives
fear that he has met with foul play.
Several weeks ago Morrison disap
peared., and despite the efforts of his fel
low doctors no trace of him was found.
Last night the surgeon in charge of the
hospital received a dispatch from his
parents, who live in San Jose, asking him
to institute a search for their missing
son. As they have not heard from him
since he disappeared they are inclined to
believe that he is a victim of foul play.
Morrison was appointed an interne" in
the Receiving Hospital several months
ago. Subsequently he was transferred to
the Harbor Hospital. A short time ago
he was found unconscious In the ward of
the hospital. The ward was filled with
gas, and there was a grave suspicion that
Morrison had turned it on. Whether or
not he intended to commit suicide was not i
ascertained. v
When asked if he had contemplated !
suicide Morrison vigorously declared that
the gas had been turned on accidentally.
He explained that before retiring he ex
amined the gas jet, as he feared being
asphyxiated. Some hours afterward he
was awakened by the overpowering
fumes of the deadly fluid, but was unable
to get out of bed or call for help.
One of the men connected with the hos
pital happened to enter the ward a short
time afterward and found Morrison un
conscious from the effects of the escap
ing gas. He was quickly carried into the
operating room, and after considerable
trouble he was restored to consciousness.
The publication of his narrow escape
from, death greatly incensed Morrison,
and he threatened to sue one of the news
papers for intimating that he had at
tempted to commit suicide.
Morrison visited the Receiving Hospital
almost three weeks ago. He seemed to be
in good spirits and laughingly referred to
his experience In the Harbor Hospital. He
left th.- hospital shortly after 10 o'clock
and has not been seen since.
His associates, while scouting the
theory of foul play, do not hesitate to
express the belief that Morrison has done
away with himself. The police have been
notified of his disappearance and every
effort is being made to find the missing
doctor.
; YOUNG NURSES GRADUATE. I
j Exercises to Be Held This Evening at
j Occidental Hotel Parlors.
The graduation exercises of the San
| Francisco Training .School for Nurses,
I City and County Hospital, will be held
i this evening in the Occidental Hotel Par-
I lors, at 8 o'clock. An elaborate pro
| gramme, '.which is as follows, has been
| arranged and will be highly enjoyable:
Overture (a) "Stars and Stripes Forever."(b)
! 'A Jolly Night"; introductory remarks, John
;M. Williamson, M. D. ; prayer. Rev. William
> Ingraham Kip Jr., pastor Good Samaritan Mis
, sion, San Francisco; Christmas song, '"Noel "
\ Mr. Frank Mlnot Coffin; (a) grand valse, "Ori
j ental Echoes" (nev.-). (b) selection, "Ernanl";
address, Hon. James D. Phelan; (a) negro mcd-
I ley, (b) Cuba-Americo dances; address R
! Beverly Cole, M. D.', M. R. C. S. (Eng.)- (a)
( selection, "Serenade," (b) Polish and Hunga
j rian dances: address and presentation of di
j plomas, G. K. Sussdorff, M. D., superintendent
I City and County Hospital; presentation of
I badges. Miss Patton, principal of Training
School; valse, "The Fortune Teller" (new);
j benediction.
The names of the young ladies who are i
! to graduate are: Elizabeth Beauchamp,
j Margaret Bertram, Elizabeth Dutot. Amy !
: A. Hart. Minnie Headley, Mary Kelly
Rose de Grace McQueen, Ellen Mullen, ■
I Helena M. O'Brien and Eleanor E. Under
i wood. *
FEAST OF THE HOLY NAME.
To Be Solemnly Commemorated Next
Sunday at St. Ignatius Church.
The Feast of the Holy Name of Jesus '<
; will be celebrated with special and Im
j pressive solemnity next Sunday at St. ;
I Ignatius Church. Representative priests
i from nearly all the Catholic churches in <
j the city have been invited to attend sol
emn high mass, which is to be celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock. Archbishop Biordan will
officiate, assisted by the Jesuit priests and
the Bex-. Father Mulligap of St. Mary's
Cathedral. The discourse, or panegyric
strictly speaking, will be delivered by Fa
ther Wyman, director of the Paulist Com
munity at St. Mary's Church on Califor
ni.-i street.
In the evening solemn high x-espers will
be celebrated, followed by benediction of
the blessed sacrament, which will con
clude the services in honor of the feast.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market nnd Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year
BRANCH OFFICES-M7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
(121 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(13 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock. '
22*11 Marv-t street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
IOC Eleventh street: <•- »'n until » o'clock.
202 C Mis-don street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner or Twenty-seccnd nnd Kentucky
streets: ..pen until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the San Francisco Protest^
ant Orphan Asylum So lety herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan Rirls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1, lf-9!"*. to January
1, 18.->9: Matilda Zimmerman, C years- Mar-
garet Kesllnger,- 4 years: Eugenia V. Kloss
3 years S months; Annie Kloss, 2 years 3
months; Claudlne F. Moller, 5 years S
months; Sophia H. Honpe, 8 years: Eva Mc-
lntyre, 8 years 6 months; Olive M. Joslln,
fi years: Myrtle Leigh, 3 years: Genevieve
Adams, 8 years: Mary Adams, 6 years; Al-
bert Zimmerman. 8 years;' Harry Havne. 10
years: Adoiph Hayne, 7 years 3 months; Otto
W. Moller, 4 years: Johannes E. Moller. 7
years: Leslie E. Montrose, S years 4 months;
Wesley L. Marshall. 7 years: Edwin Fisher
7 years; Alexander Williams, 8 years: George
;M. Adams. 11 years; Nelson J. Adams, 10
years; Harry Lane, 6 years: James Adams, 8
Hawkins, 7 years: Edith M. Joslln, 3 years;
Edna V. Joslln. 3 yearn.
SINCE July 1. 189 S. the orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female— Annetta Antonla, 1
years; Camellia Hawkins. 9: Ada Haley, 9;
Marguerite Kalsar, 6: Carrie U. Pickett, 7;
Pearl Hunter, 10: Katie Rlordan, 5. Male-
Harry Antonla. 2 years 3 months; William
It' tiling. 3 months: George Hunter.- 2 years
6 months: Harold Hunter, 4 years 3 months;
Thomas O'Nell, 3: Pert de Shields. C years
fi months: Fred de Shields, 3 years 6 months; i
Thomas Rlordan. .'; Gilbert Cope, . 7. Half
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston. R; Irene
Gam»rston. 9: Catherine Shepherd. 4 years 6
months: Lyda ohepherd, 9. Male— Jacob
Smith, 10; Osar Smith. 7; Fred Smith, 5
j years: Jer.nle Shlhade, 6 • years.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1. P-97, to Decem-
ber 31, 1898: Frank Swett, age 4\ years;
, Margaret : Cunningham. 4 years; Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years; Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years;
-.. Ruth Dougherty. 4 years; Lillie Aubertlne,
5 years.
HAD tenants ejected for 84; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SPECIAL Continued.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 520 7-* st., San Francisco,- 1
Ca!., has received the following orphans, half- '
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. IS9S: Jessie Willis, 11 years:
Lillia Willis, 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon. 5 years 10 months; Saldy Brooks.
9 years 1 month; Eva B:.oks, 6 years; Ruth
Shayer. 5 years 8 months; Sylvia
Shayer, 2 years 5 months; Ethel Hergarton,
7 years 10 months: Sarah E. Jellin. 12 years;
Elsie M. Jellin. 6 years 9 months: lona L.
Jellin, 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years;
Louisa Zanettin, 13 years; Adellna Zanettin,
8 years: Theresa Zanettin, 5 years 6 months;
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years; Olive Openshaw. 7
years; Olive F. Berlin. 10 years; Adele G.
King, 7 years: . nna Swan. 9 years 9 months;
Charlotte Gillespie. 9 years 6 months; Jennie
Gillespie. 7 years 10 months; Julia Gillespie,
3 years 11 months: Amy L. Swan, 6 years «
months: Maria Gill, 11 years; Grace GUI, 13
years; Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
MEETING NOTICES .
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THiS EVENING. __\_
Installation of officers. 7^J\
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •""
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _*__
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Fellow- VV
craft degree. By order of l4r >
-*->WARD F. DELGER. W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. a
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) . .AY.
EVENING. January 9. 1899, at 7:30 It_jf
o'clock. Degree 2. By order of the f^w x
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No 260, F. jT~
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1839 Fill- __*__ '
more st.— First decree THIS iMO.N- JtiT
DAY) EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. By /▼ A
order of the Master.
■ .HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
MISSION LODGE No. 169, F. and A. _
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) -MX
EVENING, at 7:."0 o'clock. First TfTlf
degree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. *W A
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122. I. O.
O. F.— members of the fu- _52__RS_
neral committee arc hereby notl- """*?Sgf«?jsS="
fled to assemble at Odd Fellows' -"w/rt"^
Hall, MONDAY, January 9, at 12 o'clock
noon, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, CLAUS WREDEN, deceased.
PHIL STREHL, N. GR.
CHAS. TRAUTNER. Perm. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. .^miUi-
O. O. F.— lnstallation MONDAY aS_*fr_-S__.
EVENING, January 9. ""^ST^
' H. LUKE, N. G. -'-WrtfS s'*5 '*
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhoTd"
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, California, on '
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1899, at !
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing j
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
I THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal.. will be held at Its bank-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10, 1899.
at 3:lt. o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensumg rear and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 9, 1898.
SPRING Valley Water x''orks. San Francisco.
December 28. 1898. -The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will he held at the offlce of the
company, 126 Stockton st.. San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the Hth day of January. 1899, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
pfT.TT'.M W. AMES. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, 1599. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31, 1898, at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 16th Inst. Transfer
books will be closed .from the 10th to the
16th Inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Janury 4. 1899.
DIVIDEND Notice— and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31. 1895.. at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1899. Dividends not called for are
j added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from nnrt after January 1.
I 1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 2. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with 2 children desire.
situation; good cook and laundress: country;
wages no object. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young ?-irl desires situation as nurse < r'
housework, $10 to 815; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. BIRD'S, 631 Larkin St.; tel. Sut-
ter 52.
SITUATION wanted by Protestant girl for
pantry work or assist In an institution, or .
would take .-are of a child. Address box 1272,
Call office.
A COMPETENT English cook and baker; can
cook in French and American style: in city
and country; moderate wages. Call 1024 How-
ard st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation general
housework; good cook and laundress; city or
country. Address 276 Minna st., near Fourth.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a situa-
; tion to do general, housework: is willing and
obliging; no triflers. Address box 1461, Cajl.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with sewing or upstairs
work; good references. 587 O'Farrell st.
A WOMAN wants chamber work or office-
cleaning by the day; is willing* and obliging.
905 Market St., room 7.
' A YOUNG lady, lately from the East, would
like a position as companion to a lady or
take care of children. Call 422 McAllister.
: AN experienced nurse to attend ladies in con-
finement or otherwise: must sieep home;
wages $1 a day. Address box 1"39, Call offlce.
GIRT, wishes a situation to do general house-
work In a private family. Please call at
2521 Post st.
GERMAN girl -wants a position for general
housework; wages $15: no washing. 2 Tav
St., off Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper or chambermaid. Apply 504%
Leavenworth st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements; price modern te. Address 1073% !
Market St.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to wait at 1
table or chamberwork. Address box 1496. Call. |
TWO girls for housework and cooking. Please '
call 34 Bchrader St., off Tenth.;
SMALL girl apprentice on vests. • 956 Mission
street. I
YOUNG lady bookkeeper, S years' experience,
desires a position: no objection to country; J
fine reference. Address V., box 1306. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation ws
working housekeeper or In lodging house. Call
nt 120 Sixth St.. room 1, first floor.
LADY wants position to address envelopes. Ad-
dress 957 Folsom St.
YOUNG colored girl would like to do house-
work or take care of baby; state wages. Ad-
dress box 1466. Call office.
AX experienced German nurse In confinement
and other sickness; best reference: terms
reasonable. Address Nurse. 11" Eighth st. '
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like a few-
more customers. Address 524 Turk st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third s< ■ near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and lmecrnee to anil 'rem ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
FOR first-class help of any kind send orders to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.;
telephone Main 1-514. ■
GARDENER, 7 years last place; handy man; I
can milk, drive, take care of garden, etc.;
good butler and other first-class servants are
waiting situations at ANDRE'S EMP.
AGENCY, 316 Stockton si., tel. Main 1304.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. . 414% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 436.
SITUATION wanted by young ' man as man
about place where it would be a chance to
learn gardening; understands horses and
cows and general work; good references. Ad-
dress box 1337. Call office.
YOUNG man wants to help around steam
boiler; object, to learn firing Box 1312, Call.
YOUNG man with 4 or a months' experience
ln barber business. Apply at Call offlce.
GOOD piano player wants engagement. R. A.,
box 26. Call office. j
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references and bonds;
! salary moderate. Box 1388, Call Offlce.
YOUNG man wants place in wholesale house
as porter; references. H. J. T., box 1341, Call.
MASTER mariner with five years' experience
In Philippine Island trade, desires a position
in Government or merchant service as mas-
ter, pilot or officer; has had charge of steam
and sailing ships, and holds English and
American master's certificates. Address G.,
Call Branch office. 106 Eleventh st.
SITUATION by an experienced 2 or 4 horse
i teamster, well acquainted with shipping busi-
ness; good man to take care of horses. Call
! or write to 124 Hickory aye.. off Franklin at.
WANTED— By married man of 40 years, a po-
-1 sition of trust, where honesty is wanted: can
deposit $200 or $300 as security. Address box
553. Call offlce. ' ,
CHICAGO bookkeeper, correspondent and sales-
man (married) desires a position where merit
will secure an advancement: salary low to
commence. Box 1332, Call office. _
COMPETENT Frenchman desires employment
In butcher shop or sausage factory: does not
speak English; good references. Address box
1379, Call office. _____
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whitener. hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
WANTED— By young man and wife, positions
as valet or butler and maid; will travel;
best references. Box 14*0. Call.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants a position
in city or country; experienced Ironer. C. K.
GOTTO. 350 Jessie st.
| MAX and wife want situations on farm; wife
as cook and man as general ranch hand.
I Call 474 Jessie st. as general ranch hand.
__ ' "all 474 Jessie st.
I WANTED— Position In grocery store by a man
of experience; references. Address R., Call
offlce, Oakland. "
BUTCHER, young man, wants steady work in
hotel or restaurant. Address M., 919 San
Jose aye.
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind. 282 Seventh st., rear house.
RESTAURANT man; thoroughly competent;
references and bond. Box 1331. Call.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — A large number of girls for the
supplying of over 100 situations for all kinds
of work, city and country: situations too
numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. Phone Grant 185
Want 20 waitresses, city and country, $20; 30
girls for housework, city and country, $20 and
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE for baby, day time only; lady stop-
ping at hotel; $10 to $12; call 10 Monday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— 3 German and French cooks, $30;
French nurse, 1 child, $25; French second,
$20; French housework, 2 In family, $20; girls
for housework and assist. $20, $15 and $12.
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
WOMAN with a child to cook on ranch. $15.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
GERMAN seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN -woman. $30: ranch. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, small boarding house, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, springs. $20, no wash, sea
party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WASHWOMAN; call early. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. _
MIDDLE-AGED woman, chamber work, hotel,
$20. Calaveras County. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN governess, $2<*>; 2 second girls, $20 and
$15; 15 housework girls, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. ,
SECOND girl, country, $25. see lady here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $10, city. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN,
"25 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, city, $20. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutter st.
COOK. $35. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, sleep home. $12. MISS CULLEN, 523
Putter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CATHOLIC nurse, $25. Institution; nurse, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress. $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, railroad eating house, $20; wait-
ress, city, $20,' waitress, Hanford. $20. -MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, country, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirta
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, C3l
Larkin st.
GIRL for light upstairs work; American family
of 3: wages $20. MRS. HIRD, 62,1 Larkin st.
WANTED— Woman 30 to 35 years 'of age for
light housework; no washing and no chil-
dren. Call from 2 to 5, 1454 Tenth aye.. East
Oakland.
NEAT girl not under 16 years to assist with
housework; wages $10 to $12. Call 12 to 2
p. m., 122 DeLong aye., Ashbury Heights.
WANTED— girls to sew buttons on
shirts. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED girl to tend bakery and light
housework. Call between 10 and 12 at Lurline
Bakery, 918 Larkin st.
COMPETENT, neat girl for general housework;
wages $15. Call after 9 o'clock, 1125 Leaven-
worth st.
FIRST-CLASS, finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 253 A. Stevenson st.
NEAT girl, cooking and general housework:
2 in family, $15. Apply 9 to 12. 1906 Sutter st.
GIRL light housework and tend store. Lur-
line Bakery, 918 Larkin st.
GIRL or woman, small family. $10 per month.
Call 30% Erie st.. off Mission, bet. 13th & 14t.h.
GIRL for general housework, wages $20. 409
Clayton st., between Oak and Page.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1004 A
Golden Gate aye.
NEAT young German girl to assist in general
housework. 317 Scott st.
AN APPRENTICE at dressmaking at 422 Mc-
Allister st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework; wages
$8. 300 Sutter St.. upstairs.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework; good
home; small wages. 123 Perry st.
GOOD restaurant waitress. 31.1 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1930 Pine
street. .
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 122S Jack-
son st., near Jones.
WANTED GirI general housework: plain cook-
ing; baking; wages $15. 1216% Golden Gate ay.
GERMAN girl lor housework and children. Ap-
ply after 10 a. m., 691 McAllister st.
GIRL to do housework and cooking, $20 month.
1721 Broderick st.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts:
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts: also one
on buttonholes, at GREEXEBAUM. WEIL &
MICHELS, 337 Minion st.
WANTED— Housekeeper for family hotel In
city; refined and competent. Address Hotel,
box 1464. Call office.
GIRL or mlddle-ased woman for housework;
take care of child 4 years old. 10 Vicksburg
St., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
WANTED— 'shoe vamper; stead)*
work at good wages. CAHN, NICKELS-
BU RO & CO.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5% Kearny st.,
room IS. top floor.
YOUNG girl to assist In offlce work; wages
$10 per month. Box 678. Call office.
GOOD operator on welters' aprons; steady
work; power. 636 Clay St., upstairs.
DRESS and cloak maker, perfect fitter, wants
engagements; $1 25 day. 402 Mason st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. ROGERgQN'S, 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl to lake care of baby. 1350 Jack-
son St.. above grocery.
LADIES' or gents: profitable employment;
pleasant work to take home. 136 Sixth, rm. 2.
LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 per day at home.
Call lOlVa Grant aye., room 3.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp Of.. 1213% Park St.. Alameda.
WANTED— GirI for light work in store, $S a
week. Apply 627 Union st.. bet. 10 and 11.
LADIES and girls to learn embroidery and
take home piece work. 706 Ellis st.
2 WEEKS' sewing* free, beginning this week
Keister Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist: sleep home. 3530 Twenty-
third st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free: patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 101 PoaC ' ; ; .'. HELP WANTED
■ W_CNTED77vineyar-"man and wife; miner, $10
'." "and. board; carpenter and pump man for
mine $40 and board; stableman for country.
".' .' 525 and found, and others. Apply to J- -*•
-.. ".CROSETT & CO., *_~ Sacramento st.
: •"•WANTED— Restaurant second cook. $60; butler.
;• : '-s3i); "baker, country. *SSS and found: waiter
. ' 'ior Nevada. $20 to $25, and others. Api to
'•• " .1. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 bacramento st.
''"'•; M.URRAY i READY?/. ...Plum. Main 5548
' • Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
•'...'..•. Want Monday, 7 a. m ; A"\l-'
* . Woodchoppers U- ,_°
.'• makers .........Waiters
* ...Farm hands Dishwashers
*"" Laborers • •••••••-•••••••• •••-, ...BaKers
■•' ** Choreboys Bakers' helpers
.' Metal Spinner .^.i ..;*... And others
7- ' /MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
- COACHMAN and" gardener, $25 and found;
•-.. .private family: country. Ml KRAY &
. «•' .-READY,' 634 and m Clay st. *.
* : LAUNDRYMAN, hand wor*. country hotel,
. .'-. $30 and found. MURRAY & READY, C 34 and
'.. 636 Clay st. i
■ EXPERIENCED dry goods clerk, country
'" • store; young, * single man. with references.
- *•* MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C- R HANSEN & CO.'S, Monday. 7 am.
* Laundryman, hand laundry, country, $30;
cook $55, country hotel: second cook, $56;
' CflPk.' $7 a week; dishwasher, hotel. $25; boot-
*"•• Black $7 a week: working head walter, coun-
... -try $35. and others. C R. HANSEN & CO.,
.' • * y>4 G<*iry st.
•.SHIRT finisher for hotel laundry In Southern
• -California: $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN
, '■ . &'*CO., 104 Geary st.
-. 6' HOPPERS, Marin County, 4-foot
' •'• .pine*. $1 a Cord: 4-foot red. 75c a cord: " plow-
hands, vineyard. $26: 20 tie and post makers
. - "a"nd men to make laggings; ax man. R. T.
-•WARD .-. CO., 60S and 610 Clay st.
• .AN" old man as dishwasher. $5 per month and
• •'. .found. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
."'HOTEL cook, $30. mTsS ULLEN, 325 S_t-
.' ■'.!'• ftt.
• . WANTED— Cabinet maker and French pol-
' lsher; 'elderly man; light, steady work. ' Box
'-.* 1340, Call offlce.
': WANTED— Dishwasher; sober, reliable mlddle-
aged .men; none other need apply. Call 6 a.
• .m.,22 California st.
.. SHIRT backers wanted. Sun Laundry, Nine-
• -teenth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
GLOVE cutters wanted. CARSON GLOVE
'. ; CO., 35 Market st.
'••WANTED— A first-class shoemaker; no dons
.-want.:. E. POWELL, 407 Geary st.
ROY wanted in printing offlce. R. R. PAT-
' TERSON, 429 Montgomery st.
WAITER wanted at 10S Seventh st.
: "COOD cook wanted. People's Restaurant, 631
. .' -Clay st ;■:
:'YOUNG. man to assist In grocery; no bar; Ger-
: -' .-nan preferred. 2420 California st.
.'.SHOEMAKER wanted at 202 Second st.
WANTED— A boy with experience in tailoring
.- on custom cloths. 56S Minna st.
GOOD, smart boy of 15 to learn plumbing. 1606
.'. Pacific aye.
.' ANTED— Married man as porter, business
*'.- house, taking care 2 horses; no driving: only
• • inside work: German or French preferred.
■ Box 1322. 'Call offlce. _^
' TO. go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
• -.pear.ly new. from r.Oo to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly 'damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.,
■' •'bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— A first-class ralvanlzed Iron cor-
nice maker: no other need apply. L. R.
''. JORDAN, 1013 Ninth St., Sacramento.
,
.•'• WAITER for a few days; $1 per day. 233 Sixth
• . street.
-.YOUNG man with some experience In cloak
stare; state wages. Rox 671*. Call office.
'•■' WANTED— SmaII boy to work in drug store.
•.' Apply Larkin nnd Gere sts. SHFHSS
• 'WANTED— Blacksmith on truck and wagon
-,' ' work. Apply 625 Brannan st.
NEW method shoe repairing factory. 1186 Mkt. ;
.- quickest soling on earth; gents' soling, 45c
•'••TEACHER to give Instruction in billiards. W.
. .-H. H.. box 1315, Call office..
."WANTED— A bootblack; $7 per week. 632
Montgomery st. __b__i
.- ' RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
.. • rine '.Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
* .* ' years, who are citizens of the United States.
'-' cr these who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
• ' write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
.'• ' and 6 feet in height- For further information
. . ■ apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
* . San Francisco. <*aJ. -_^. .' , ,
« » . ■ |
'•"- WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know :
• that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still I
■' runs Denver House, 217 Third 6t. ; 150 large l
" ■ rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 7644 Mission !
st . men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per j
'• '*. night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths, j
.; ."for "hips. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man. with 4 or 5 months' experience
In barber business. Apply Call office.
•BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
■ m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7'h; tel. Jessie 1164.
..-MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market St.
■MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
• Franeieeo Barber College. tSS% Eighth St. '
'" BARBERS' Association Free Employment
.--. 'Office. 8. "'I'M?. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
;.. thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
• ".' SINGLE rooms. 15c 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
. to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, MAi Market st.
".WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
'" • clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
■SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st, near Jackson.
' .--PINGJ-E. furnished, flne. laree. sunny an<l airy
room night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
;'•' TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
!. . for a room: Be a night: $1 a week.
'.'•"WINCHESTER House. 44 third St.. near Mar-
■:. .ket: 500 roomei. 25c night: reading-room; free
'-.'Mis and bae-e-nee to and from the ferry.'
, 7^ AGENTS AVANTED.
... . 'RELIABLE agents, who want a good seller.
.- .' Address' A. H. WILSON. San Jose. Cal.
. . T7^ PARTNERS A TED.
PARTNER with $5000 In first-class paying busi-
ness, will bear investigation. Address box
" 453. can office. Oakland.
■' "I- PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— By a trustworthy, abstemious man.
' a-few acres of land with a good house and
outbuildings, suitable for a chicken ranch,
.• near a good market town and school; Santa
•• .Rosa or Petaluma district desirable. B. S.,
. Call- offlce. Oakland.
.-~ WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
• WANTED— Typewriter; Smith Premier pre-
- ferred. -Box 556. Call offlce. ■
.*•" . . LOST. ~L~Z
' • LOST— A watch chain with gold slide set with
..one emerald, diamond and ruby: monogram
* -* -M. I. W. S. on back. Finder will be llber-
; .. ally rewarded by leaving at Call offlce.
. _ r — •__: ;
■•"•■LOST:-A lady's gold watch, between Sutter
and Market sts., on Powell, or Powell and
.- T.iyelfth, on Market. 17 Glen Park av<-. ; re-
■ /ward.
'.-• LOOT on 10 o'clock boat or train to Berkeley
. : Saturday night, lady's light green pur- con-
." "taining $25; liberal reward. Box 1336, CalL
•'."LOST— Black and white Japanese pug. Return
.- Ito 2700 California st. ; liberal reward.
■LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
- arid Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name Of MARY MURRAY: No. 211-048. The
finder will please return to bank.
•-LOST— About December 17 or 18, two pearl
stick pins, connected with chain; return Call
•' office and claim reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
. name of Michael J. Doyle. No. 122,444; the
••"• finder will please return to bank.
■-1-21 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
.o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
Xtlons -and want ads- taken.
~ FOUND.
■f"*OL"ND— An English setter pup. 641 Mission
,;. . street.
.' • , •' • iF^RPET CLEANING.
• . CITY. Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
••■ifiovrtv lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
.* 3S and 4' Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
"•HEN you become disgusted with poor work
■ >eiid to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
* /.VgUng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. B. 40.
\Ga .RPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
f-'TRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
• '*-"*." E* "M ITCH ELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 Hth
',*'«. : cleaning 3c per yard: teL Mission 74.
' LIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
: _'Tfte ■" •■■ t.-l East 126. • • ;; _^_
.-.':■. TYPEWRITERS.
"All tvpewrlters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
.-^Trices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
, :*.' HAMMOND. '$25: i'aligraph, $15; Yost. $25;
.' $« sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
I.t'SINESS CHANCES.
GENERAL merchandise" store, connected with
postoffice. In lively country town: no oppo-
sition; building, . two lots 25x150. $2000; stock
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE A UNFUG,
906 Market st. . _________
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms: rent $25; choicest location in Mission;
nr. 16th st.;" fine bargain; owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$:Po— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a- splendid paving business: rent $20.
Inquire WILKE & UNFUG. * 906 Market.
A— ssoo; SALOON, established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $56; close to Call building; aver-
. age dally receipts $20; owner bought hotel ln
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,
900 Market St. .
$1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market at.
STENBERG & CO., -■'•• Kearny st
pays highest cash prices for merchandise.
We sell and exchange
real estate and business places.
i * $ 350— Coal oil route, clearing $100.
*•« •**--" - : $ 500— Cor. restaurant, city front.
$1000— Partner ln livery stable.
$ 500— Saloon on principal street.
$ 400— Partner ln paying restaurant.
STENBERG & CO.. 204 Kearny st.
$125— CORNER fruit store. Western Addition;
rent $12; living rooms: owner 3 years'. STEN-
BERG CO., 26*4 Kearny art.
I $700— REST At .(ANT, coffee saloon, opposite
ferry depot; h ...dsomely furnished; doing
good business: trial and thorough investiga-
tion before buying. STENRERG CO., 26i_
Kearny' st. 7_
$250: corner saloon; 2 card rooms: $20 daily;
a snap. KREDO & CO., 22>' t Geary st.
A— $100: branch bakery and delicacy; nice rms.;
rent only $10. KREDO & CO.. 22 1 , Geary St.
A— slsoo; restaurant, near Market; $60 dally;
best ever offered. KREDO & CO.. tfri Geary.
A— s4so; bazaar*; large stock hardware, crockery,
etc.; cheap rent; living rooms. KREDO & CO.
$600— GREAT bargain: French restaurant; 25c
meals; best location; doing flne business. BA-
SH. X. 873% Market st.
i COAL, wood, coal oil, hay, grain; doing
line business. BASILE, 873% Market st.
J2r>O— CIGAR stand; fine location; laundry pays
more than the rent. BASILE, 573 1 - Market.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kin.i see MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aVe.
$175— DELICATESSEN store; pays well living
rooms; good location. MENZEL & CO., .
Grant aye.
SALOON, with 4 rooms; sell cheap on account
:of sickness: MENZEL & CO.. 7 Grant aye.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash.
MOON & CO., 1008% Market st.
A— s4oo— Vi CASH: established business; clears
$125; good team; full investigation; death
cause of selling. MOON I: CO., IPOS',*; Market.
a 7-$200;* PARTNER wanted; $18 to $25 a week
each; trial given; no experience required.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; one of the
best bargains In the' city; great sacrifice;
must be sold. JONES, 865 Market st.
$125— GROCERY and bar; centrally located; $20
rent; living rooms: good chance for man and
wife; call early. H. WERNER & CO., 1087%
Market St.
EXTRA location for harness shop or other
business, with 3 living rooms; also barber
shop an! -J living rooms. Inquire ROBIN-
SON, l'2 l -; Geary St., room 27.
CIGAR stand: if sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 304 Fourth st. - -
FOR SALE— Barber shop cigar stand; furnish-
ed or unfurnished; rent $12. 606 Third st.
WANTED -Rarber to buy rood business. Call
L. TROST, 616 Clay st.
PARTNER wanted; good paying saloon; must
be sold at once; sickness. Inquire 702 Mission.
GOOD stationery store; full stock of toys,
stationery, etc.; good reasons for selling. 160
Third st.
FOR sale- A good harness business ln a lively
town. Address John ROCCA, Jamestown,
Tuolumne Co., Cal.
A— MM; SALOON; must sell on account of
• leaving city. 306 Minna st.
DRESSMAKER to go in business; no capital
needed. 116 Seventh st, candy store.
AN old-established printing and publishing
business Is offered for Bale at a very reason-
able price for cash; A No. 1 office, with all
modern improvements; particulars to those
meaning business. Address box 132, Stock-
ton. Cal. -.
SRi shop, doing good business: cheap rent;
. business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
LOOK— Stationery . store for sale; $400 cash;
| must.be sold this* week; other business; Ad-
: dress 1266. Call office. ■ -" '
COFFEE and tea routes" supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
'■ WANTED— Business in city or country for
$1000. Box 471, Call office. Oakland.
LODGING HOISTS FOR SALE.
$250— NEW FURNITURE— B ROOMS.
' ' Worth $600
35. r00m5. $650. cash price $1300
26-room house: rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 260
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms: on Market st; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200
Abstracts furplshed showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 10Z0 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
6 rooms; nicely furnished; free rent $150
10 rooms; Bush: parlors for millinery 550
11 rooms; rent $20; clears $40 225
14 rooms; best on Stockton; a snap 500
! 21 rooms; Mission St.; clears $100 1200
23 rooms; Fifth; flne business comer *00
35 rooms; Grant aye.; corner; new 1400
45 rooms; best corner Kearny st ....: 1300
55 rooms; Eddy st.; best transient 4000
A— s4'"'oo: 240 rooms: guaranteed to clear $350
: per month; trial given. KREDO & CO.
~ -> TWO BARGAINS
25 rooms; near Market; sacrifice $525
60 rooms; rent $50; great bargain 1000
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
A— s2ooo; 45 rooms; Stockton st.; rent $90; clears
$100 SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
LADIES, If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
NICELY furnished sunny corner house: 10
rooms, bath: $525; rent reasonable. 540 Ellis.
8 WELI>FURNISHED rooms; cheap; account
of sickness. 406 Mason st.
GOOD transient lodging house, 35 rooms; price
$SO0: within 2 blocks of Market st. Box 1279,
Call office
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE- furniture of six rooms. 253
Jessie st. ; call 12 to 5 p. m.
HORSES.
I FOR sale— head of horses suitable for any
business; also lot of harness; at Turk-st. car
stables. 1301 Turk st.
140 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
■" i ' —■— — — —
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. • Mc-
INTOSH &* WOLPMAN, US-IS*** Fremont st.
BARNES screw-cutting lathe, complete; 12-
-lnch swing: 42 Inches between centers; almost
new. 648 Mission st.
WANTED— S to 10 cases of eggs per week. Box
1317, Call office.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine, In good order;
complete. 1915 Mission st., near Fifteenth.
FINE tlioroughbred Great Dane pups: 7 weeks
old; full pedigree given. 216% Sixth -**■
GASOLINE launch; good condition and fast;
price $1250. Box 1301, Call office.
INCUBATOR; 240 eggs; improved Stockton: $15.
2805 Folsom st. ■ ■ ..
600 MATED pigeons, squabs, coops, etc., cheap.
611 Turk st.
A NO. 1 fresh family cow for sale. 3286 Cen-
tral aye., Alameda. .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019- 1021-1023 Mission - St..
above Sixth. ' . '
k A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), offlce fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. -WHITE'S; 516-518-520 Mission.
WINDMILL in first-class order; •: large tank,
brass pump, etc. 711 Treat aye. -
AM. Iron Wks..  15 Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7%x10: 24-ln. planer & matcher.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. . •■■*-■-' ■ :
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original coat. 109-111 Market. 9. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. 62$ Qoldea Gate ava.
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
personals. __. . -. ,
notice"; " ~" " "~"~
WM. ehrenpfort
RETIRING sale. ]
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers its stock of CARPETS, LINO- i
LEUMS, WINDOW SHADES, ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been in j
business 45 years, and its reputation i for high- <
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to I
his friends and patrons that all the stock
.must. be disposed :of within 10 days. This
sale means the positive closing of the old re-
| liable house located at 1323 Market st.
! "GREATER NEW YORK."
| NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
-1 cal one ever ■ patented, can be seen In full
working order for a few days at 523 1 Mission
St.; patent rights for the United States. Brit-
ish North America and, Germany; this is a
! rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
I tal to Invest in a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power of the future. ,
! JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal Instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
| cure the weakest, faultiest voice's and develop
I them to the greatest power and beauty: con-
sultation of 20 minutes, $2 50; terms per
I month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts.; reception hours,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3.
A FRIEND wishes to inform the former friends !
and patrons of MME. A. WILLFORD (SO j
years at age) that she ls now at the Park '
House, corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission j
sts., and would be glad to be helped to a
■ living by selling her exorllent Hair Restorer
and Cleanser, or by app'ying It personally.
*, LEDERER— Is the leader In hair dressing here;
employs artists only: charges but 25c for sty-
lish coiffures; switches $1 up. LEDERER'S
Foama. flne shampoo, 5c package. G. LE-
DERER, 123 Stockton st.
NATURAL healing method: employed with
great success to cure rheumatism. Influenza,
all .catarrhs and any kind of chronic disease; I
• treatment if desired at. home: best of refer-
ences. Box 674, Call offlce.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per 'night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
1 free- bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DON'T let that worry you; LEDERER'S Qul-
i nonla is the Hair Tonic that will make 'your
j hair grow. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all -kinds fancy work to order. K.
, YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter St.
' CRITERION Reglna graphophone and slot ma-
chine repairing; work warranted. Address
..1162}. Seventh St.. Oakland.
; A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome et.
STAMPS for collections ■ bought, sold; albums.
. W. SELLSCHOPP & CO., 118 Stockton St.
j THE MODERN, 34 4th, nr. Mkt— Baths. 12Hc;
j separate entrance for ladies; first-class. i -
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
i highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
I MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st. Alameda.
! SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.-
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
LADIES wishing to learn to cut and fit dresses
perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON,
2524 Fourth st : one month's sewing free to
all who begin during January. ' '
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfect .fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
BILK or cloth dress. $5 to $6; dress made over;
perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
' SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and .women teachers.
~ SPIRITUALISM-
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Reveals your entire life from the cradle to
the grave.
TO THE SICK -ESPECIALLY
j Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed ;
' Medicines," registered and copyrighted, .cure
J all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
! she has made are the talk of the whole elope.
Address or call MRS. DR A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
: ATTENTION— I do not locate mines, hidden
treasures, nor give lottery numbers, but If
you are ln trouble and need help come to
me. Advice given on all subjects: valuable
information given to users of morphine. Five
questions answered by mall. $1. LEANDER,
King of Mediums. 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
! MRS. MANDENA, medium, palmist: readings,
■ ' 25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 234' i; Sixth st. ■
MRS. MENA FRAWCES. independent slate
writing medium. HS Haight St. " - ■*■'-.'
i MRS. KATE HOSKINS. trance medium: read-
ings dally. $1. 322 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles.
I MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon. 8: 25c: sittings $1. 23.1 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
, A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco, at 1023^ Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- ;
i tions, make marriage with the one you love I
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick- j
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc. j
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special |
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023V4 Mkt.
MRS. DALINE. arrived from the East; palm- I
istry and card reader. 953 Vi Howard; satis- j
faction guaranteed. " j
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10. '
| REMOVED — Mme. Lenemar: fortune by plan-
ets. * 472 Stevenson st., corner Sixth, room 4.
CLAIRVOYANT card readings; 10c; ladles
only. 543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MaDAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist: truth or no pay: 25c. 1150 Mission.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant end card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
j MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
j MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro- j
fesslon, has removed to 21S Stockton st.
: MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business i
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader: !
past, present ana future: 25e. 148 flth, rm. 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened- an office at 315 O'Farrell.
i >■ ■■ PALMISTRY.
MRS. KATE BLAIR solentin^r^ln-nstT^lW i
Phelan building, third floor, '
DENTISTS.
i VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at |
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings, '
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written j
guarantee: painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par- |
lors west of- Chicago; open evening and all I
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $6; crowns. $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student- employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and ■
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason St.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years; :
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. i
: DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex- !
tracte*or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
Mr or flexible plates $3; received 8 first j
pilzes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
CROOME Dental Office; best work; lowest
prices; painless extracting, .filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up; filling.
Mo up. 759 Market, bet. 3d & 4th ; est. 20 yrs. j
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 250; 22k. gold I
crowns. $3; gold bridge, $3; plates .repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN- i
TISTS. 969. Mission st. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near '
Eleventh l crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st. I
DR. CHARLES 'V. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. . DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ■
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, 60c; -stiver.. 2sc: crowns, .$3.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; j
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45. ;
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ..
STORAGE. - -.. ■ '"*"""*
A NEW fireproof brlok bldg. ; cut, rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO., 1145 Mission St.. bet. 7th and Bth. j
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. i
Office 101 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Mala f*ftt" j
HOUSES TO. LET.
A— Send for circular: houses to let all parts of I
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery. I
FOLSOM, 2324— House, 6 rooms, bath; large
yard and stable; rent $18. . .
HOWARD, 2645, near Twenty-second— rooms
and bath: large yard; rent $20. ASHTON &
GARDINER. y\ '
HOUSE on Ellis st.; 7 rooms, bath, yard; $15.
Apply 626 Eddy.
PERRY. 212%— 8av-window ■ house, 4 - rooms;
ren*. $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated. .
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. •
$15— 6-ROOM house and bath. 657 McAllister
st. sun all day. __^_
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 6 rooms; also flat
of 6 rooms and bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
. st., near Dolores. ._
FLATS TO LET.
A^47 FLATS, 3 to 4 , $6 to $10 ; 10 days free!
A— B3 flats, 6to 8 rooms. $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms, $25 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
CHEAPEST flaT ln the city, 1120 A Leaven-
worth st.,; 6 rooms and bath. MADISON &
BURKE. ■
FINE flat of 6 rooms at 38 Natoma St., near
Second.
MCALLISTER, 635— Sunny flat of 8 rooms and
bath; rent $25. - *
MODERN 7-room flat ; will rent- cheap to a re-
liable family. 1129 McAllister st.
NICE sunny corner flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$24. 1240 Hayes st.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent cheap. 1806 Howard st.
WEBSTER, 87— Sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. *
541 CASTRO, bet. 18th and 19th-$l7 50; dry
sunny upper flat 6 rooms; porcelain bath.
$15— FLAT 6 rooms and bath at SW corner ot
Ellis and Scott sts. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 511—2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
BUSH, Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $5
a month; also other rooms.
CAPP, . 329—2 sunny rooms upstairs complete
for housekeeping; bath.
CLAY, 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY, 604— Nicely furnished sunny room with '
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
EDDY, 917— Desirable sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence.
ELLIS, 595—4 nicely furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping: also suite; first floor.
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 309— New house; nicely furnished,
sunny, connecting suites; complete for house-
keeping. .-' ■■-'■ ;."■
FIFTH, 353— Clean, sunny furnished 8 rooms;
flat, $20; also 2, $12; single, $5.
FILLMORE, 2114—2 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping. ::-.:*
FOLSOM, ,863— A large furnished sunny bed- j
room and kitchen and yard.
FOLSOM, 900-!.— large sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 229— nicely furnish- I
ed rooms; gas; bath. I
GOLDEN GATE, 311— Large sunny room for
light housekeeping; complete; gas and bath:
references; $10. |
HYDE, 15—2 large sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms and bath: reasonable.
LARKIN, 119. opp. City Hall— Handsome sunny
corner suites; also housekeeping and single :
rooms; reasonable. j
LARKIN, Neatly furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; hot and cold water;
reasonable. -
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen. " ■* *
MINNA, Housekeeping and single rooms, $1
per week.
MISSION. 868—2 connecting rooms neatly fitted,
complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 945— Kitchen and front room, with
folding; complete for housekeeping. ■■ .- ;
PINE, 739— Handsome suite, of parlors.
SIXTH. 2111 1 - -Nice - sunny front "housekeeping [
room; also single rooms for light hkpg.; reas.
ST." JAMES, 824 Laguna— Suites, 2 or 3 rooms;
unequaled in city; telephone; porcelain baths;
parlors.
TAYLOR, Nicely furnished front rooms for !
light housekeeping: also rooms for gentlemen.
THIRD, 143 Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; corner; bath; gas.
THIRD, 309— Sunny front rooms; single, double;
nicely furished, housekeeping; low rent.
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny
front smite for housekeeping, or single. $6.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished sunny
. corner, 3 rooms and bath: hkpg: reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET. '
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleaaant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-ciass
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant cor. sunny suites
and single rooms to families and gentlemen;
all conveniences; elevator, etc.; reasonable.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, HS— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable: $6 per month upward.
EIGHTH. 120 A —Two front rooms; use of bath;
$7 and $4; private family.
ELLIS, 927, nr. Van Ness— Handsomely fur-
nished rooms; all conveniences; private fam.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms of all kinds, $1 week
up; housekeeping, $2 up; transient. 25 cents
to $1.
HOWARD, 1800, cor. Fourteenth— sunny front
rooms; rent $7.
HOWARD, 1822— Single furnished front room,
$6 mo.; gentlemen preferred; private family, j
JONES, Nicely furnished sunny front bay- i
. window large room; light housekeeping priv-
ileges; private. )
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2617—1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished. y.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
PINE. 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished ;
Fuifny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POWELL, Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished, rooms; reasonable.
SECOND. Nicely furnished housekeeping
and single rooms. . ,
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. .
SOUTH PARK, 184— 2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping; rent $9. , . .
SUTTER, Clean and comfortable 'rooms; i
single and en suite; very reasonable rates; '
also housekeeping.
$5 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined; j
sunny: furnished. Box 569, Call of flee. X}ftg&
' - . - • I i
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH. 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and i
single rooms, with or without board; reason- ;
able. - - - . I
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— new i
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;,
suites, with board for 2. $60 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606-»Large sunny room, grate,
large closet, with family board for 2, $40. .
O'FARRELL. 411— A sunny furnished room for
2, with board, $40; gas, bath. ■ .
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table -board. ;
SUTTER. 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-'
tlon unsurpassed: reasonable. v
______ CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; nice home; block from ]
school: $8 month. 1414 21st aye.. E. Oakland.
"~ '- - PHYSICIANS. ."..-...--•;:, . I
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlca ;
and residence. lOilH Market, bet. 6th and 7th, |
I
STORES TO LET.
FOR Rent— Cheap; cigar store and laundry
offlce. Inquire at 755 Bryant st., about 12
m. WELCH.
SPLENDID location for dressmaker, dress find-
ings and notion store or for millinery. 702
McAllister at., near-Gough. < ?
BARBER shop, furnished, for rent cheap. 3119
Fillmore st.
STORE with 2 living rooms. 1804 Howard St.;
rent cheap. ■ - •
.7" OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, beat, Janitor and telephone; rents $12 59
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., haa returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all' female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find !
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin. _
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M.- Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; node-
lav; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
.treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; borne in con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable special!-"*- free and confidential. 9_RS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
aliases tree. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
' elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicine or Instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1: cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st. -
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at offlce, $5; travelers helped instantly; consult
free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure ln 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; nc Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world -renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
-whatever cause; all cases relieved Immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023 , 4 Market.
ALLmarried ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C 0.,406. ,406 Clay st.;
$150. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
avo. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. CaL
MRS. L. S. BURT, massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355 S. Spring, Los A.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ar., Los Angeles.
LADIES in trouble see DR. WILMONT. mid-
wife, 101 Eddy st., room 9; consultation free.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 60 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 60
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00
And over 20 bargains . from $40 up; buy dlreot
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Offlce of »>
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, .we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month.. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and '■ Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. -■ •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. planes, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. :__sg_
A FEW Bargains Untli Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rose-.vood case.... $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
THE best bargains ln the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call .and see
th» stock in their elegant new rooms.
1 SQUARE Chlckerlng piano, In flrst-ciass or-
der. $60. 9 Bartlett, bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second sts. '
AN elegant, almost new Hallett & Davis up-
- right: cheap. Room 10. Flood building.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st. -^
A FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright
• sacrificed.. KEEFFE'S. ,1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNARE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Fairell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
educational!
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; classes now forming; term, ■ 6 mo.,
$75 piano: languages, French, and Spanish.
course, $30: special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms 6 and -
20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate aye.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters:
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand,- typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
Grammatical, accurate for "busi-
ness; native teacher; ' 6 weeks' method at $3
a week: 6 months at $3 month; daily lessons,
4 to 9 p. m. Room 10. Y. M. C."A,' building.
PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar, juvenile class, $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 12 9 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical." min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, 528 Turk
st., bet. Larkin and Polk; zithers, music and
strings always on hand. •
MANDOLIN and guitar lessons, BOc per hour,
" at pupil's home. Box 1320, Call office.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Leipslo; lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. $941 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT IiAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: . collections, G." W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 830 Markets cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, i 927 Market st. -"
ALL private . law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open e-gs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
TO LEASE.
THE St. Charles Hotel, Redwood City; recent- i
lv renovated; to lease; rent reasonable. Ap-
ply H. C. SMITH, Hotel St. Nicholas, city.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath j
cottage with all the latest improvements; I
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB I
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
OFFER wanted; corner lot, 50x80, with 2-story I
building; occupied as grocery and saloon, first I
floor; flat of 9 rooms, second floor; situated
on Brannan St., near Sixth. San Francisco. '
W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh St., Oakland.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
work dene; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 521 X st.. Sunset District. ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
gTiTT^mbsen~T'co7 """ "~~~~
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
- -14 Montgomery st. '**•-;
DAIRYMEN— ATTENTION !
For sale or exchange for San Francisco
property; a 10 years' lease of a first-class dairy
farm of 1800 acres, adjoining Benicia, fronting
on tidewater, with 2CO cows and a complete
dairy" outfit. Including new creamery, new
buildings, all the stock and tools; 150 acres
sowed to wheat and oats; price on application.
$70 per acre — 118 acres of the Vasques Ranch
at Halfmoon Bay; good Improvements; easy-
terms.
If you want country lands call and see us.
460 ACRES near Llvermore, Alameda County;
heavy oak timber; springs; house; fence;
value $4600; will exchange for lands or town
property In Tehama. Shasta or Lassen coun-
ties. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
$2 AN acre per year; lease for five years, with
privilege of purchase; fine, rich land; at. An-
telope, Sacramento County: write. for particu-
lars. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
WANTED- An Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62x100 feet;
building cost $40,000; used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mar-
ket st.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co.
SONOMA County' land: send for bargain list.
ANDREW PRICE. Healdsburg. Cal.
FOR sale— lo acres San Jose; all In trees;
buildings; part trade.- 1480 Church st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
' PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange for a 10 or 12-room honse, one of
23; part transient; over the rent from per-
manent; cheap rent. For particulars . ad-
dress box 1323, Call office. -.- . . . .'
WANTED — Clear lot In Richmond, balance can
remain, for house and lot In Alameda. Ad-
dress J. W., box 1313, CalL : - ;
GOOD quartz mine on the mother lode. Cala-
veras Co., and 25 lots in this city, all clear,
to exchange for a general ranch. Address
box 1274, Call. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible/respect-
able and reliable; loans made on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy: phone Brown- 323; our own
building; established 1851. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1928 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003V4 Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. . BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. ■
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real: estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN -OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.", opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. :■'
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. TO Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT home. Adams' Point property, "ad-
Joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence, Just, built; 9 rooms, bath, reception
hall, two pantries,, etc. plumbing latest and
.best; plate glass windows: hot air heater,
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 60x125;
more land can be had if desired; this Is ;
'certainly a model residence; picture of same '
will be sent on application; price $6000; terms
to suit purchaser. LAKE SHORE LAND
CO.. A. H. BREED, manager, 1070 Broadway; .
Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500—- New 5-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$35*10— 50x150 elegant . new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains ln all parts of Alameda. Offlce
open Sundays.
. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda
BERK__.:V REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; street . work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. • J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley- station.
$4000— FOR a new. modern house of 6 rooms;
furnished throughout with the latest style;
large lot; situated near electric and steam
cars and ten minutes' walk to university;
owner must go East at once; a chance of a
lifetime. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley. ,
BIRTHS— MARBIA6ES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the. name and residence of per»
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DANIELSON— In this city, January 8, 1899, to
the wife of c. B. Danieison, a daughter.
FREDERK'KSON— In this city. January 7,
1899, to the wife of C. A. Frederlckson, a
daughter, -y.'yt
SIEGFRIED— Chicago. January 8, 1899, to
the wife of A. H. Siegfried, a daughter.
_________ _
MARRIED.
BAINBRIDGE— this city, January
3, 1899.- by the Rev. William Rader, Erwin '.
H. Meech and' Laura Balnbridge.
DIED.
Anderson, Amund Kllgore, Arthur S. -■
Bushman. John Kerner, Jacob
Baehr. William Labbe, Josephine. L.
Brooks,' Katie ' Lynch, James A.
Burgess, Mrs. Doro- Nelson, Peter
thea . " * , Perigo, Margaret i.
Cramp. Joey G. Pfelffer, Herman C.
Curtis, Luclen " Palache. Edmund
Dooley, • Mary •E. Stanley, Benjamin
Daly, John , Smith, Amy C. ,
Farrell. William I. Tolbert. Martha
Gelmann. William F. Tideil. Margaret
Gray, Beulah •• ' ;• Upham, Elizabeth H. j ■
Hulse, Samuel D. , - Vivian, Catherine !
Hunt, Jane Wreden. Claus
' Johnson, Nells . A. Wilson. Henry E. * ;
Joseph, Joseph Wolfe, Harold A. '
ANDERSON— In San Rafael. January 7. 1899, [
"Amund, beloved husband of Mathllde Ander- j
son, a native of Norway, aged 55 years. ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at ' 2 o'clock, ' from his late resi-
dence In San Rafael.
BUSHMAN— In this city, January 8, 1899, John
Bushman, a native of Germany, aged i 62
years 6 months and 13 days.
Zy? Notice of funeral hereafter. "Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
BAEHR— In this, city. January 8. ISM, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Augusta Baehr,
; and father of Mrs. H. Graf and Harry and
William Baehr Jr., a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 67 years 10 months and 15 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully" Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the •
residence of his • daughter, 1123 Scott . street. '
Interment strictly private. Please omit
flowers. • '- ,.-.
BROOKS— this city. January 7, -1599, Katie,
beloved wife of .' Patrick J. Brcpks,* and
mother of Willie, Tessie and George Brooks,
a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years and
5 months. ' - ..-*.-..-
-• tL/'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral; to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 235 Elsie street, off Cortland avenue,
, thence to St. John's Church,. where a solemn
i requiem mass will be celebrated for . the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURGESS— In Oakland, at the German Alten-
heim, January 8, 1899, Mrs. Dorothea Bur-
gess, a native of Germany, aged 84 years
and 21 days. - "• ■ '
G_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited- to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Altenheim, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
CRAMP— In this city, January P. 1539, Joey G.,
wife of Edw. E. Cramp, beloved daughter of
Mary and the late John Powers, and sister
of W. J.. R. t., E. F. and G. M. Powers and
. the late Sister Cecelia, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
(D"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from ber mother's
residence. 941 Jones street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'ciock. .
CURTIS— In Yonkers, N. V.. January 8. 1899.
at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Benonl
Irwin, Luclen Curtis, formerly of San Fran-
cisco, aged SO years. (Merced papers please
copy.)
DOOLEY— In this city. January 8, 1899, Mary
E., wife of P. Dooley. beloved daughter of
Ellen and the late Martin Lynott, mother of
John, EUen and Edward Dooley, and sister
of Patrick and Alex Lynott, Mrs. K. Xavler
and Mrs. J. dates, a native ef San Fran-
cisco, aged .33 years. :
IC^'Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday)*.' at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2563 Post ■ street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's' Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment 'Mount
Calvary' Cemetery. - ■ v - *■
DALY— In this city, January' 8, 1899, John
Daly, a natlva of Ireland, aged 42 years. :
FARRELL— In this city, January 7, 1899, Wil-
liam 1., beloved son of Mary and the late
James W. Farrell, ahd brother of Thomas
J. and James Farrell and the late Mrs. John
E. Fitzpatrick, ~ a native of San Francisco,
• aged 32 years. . -7 -i
. ETTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to" attend the funeral this day
' (Monday),'- at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 318 Sixth, street, thence to St.. Patrick's
• Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
.be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' .•-... ....
GEIMANN— this city, January 7. 1839. Wil-
. liam F.. beloved husband of Elizabeth M,
Gelmann", father of. Irene," Nellie, Fentbrt "and
William Gelmann, son of William Gelmann.'
and brother '<>f Mrs. F. C. Fesler, Mrß. H. H.
McGowan and George M., August H. and
Walter J. Gelmann, .a native of San Fran-
' Cisco, aged 38 years 9 months and 15 days.
* (t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-*
fully Invited to ' attend the funeral this day
.. (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1305 1 . Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, corner of Ellis and Scott
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose .of , his soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery'-
A. O. U. W.— Prosperity Lodge No. 809, A. O.
U. W. : Members of Prosperity Lodge No. 309.
A. O. U. W.,-are hereby notified to- attend
the funeral of our late brother, William F.
Gelmann, . this .day (Monday), at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence, 13054 Golden* Gat^
avenue. By order of ' -
F. E. WILSON. M. W.
R. H. McPHERSON. Recorder.
GRAY— In this city. January 7, 1899, Beulah,
daughter of Dr. Edward and Maria M. Gray,
and granddaughter of Rev. S. H. Willoy,
D.D., a native of Benicia, CaL, aged 8 years
2 months and 20 days. * ■ -
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. -Mark's
Episcopal Church, Berkeley. Interment pri-
vate.
HULSE— this city. January 8, 1899, Samuel
Dalson, beloved husband of the j late Emily
. Hulse, and father of Samuel D. and Benja-
min- B. Hulse, a native of New York, aged
-78 years. ,
HUNT— In this city, January 7, 1899. Jane, be-
loved wife of William Hunt, a native of Ire-
land, aged 80 years.
C_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence. 165 Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9'
.o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
JOHNSON— this city, January 7, 1899, Neils
Alfred, beloved husband of Johanah Johnson,-
and. brother of Ludwlg C. Johnson, a native
Of Sweden, aged 41 years 5 months and 9 days.
A member of Court Seal Rock No. 45, F. of A.
lOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 511 Bryant street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOSEPH— In this city, January 7, 1899, Joseph,
beloved husband of Hannah Joseph, a native
of Russia, aged 67 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances and members
.of Washington Lodge No. 60, A. O. U. V..
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 1228 Pierce street, thence to
B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy street, where the funeral
■ services will be held under the auspices of
Columbia Lodge No. 127, I. O. B. B. The
remains Will be cremated in I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. ,*.:>-'
KILGORE— In this city, January . 8, . 1899. . Ar-
thur S.. beloved son: of Arthur M. and Helen
A. Kilgore. a native of Germany, aged 18
years 5 months and days. ■ .;•••
(ETRemalns at the parlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission,
street, near Twenty-first.
KERNER— In this city. January 7, 1899, Jacob
. Kerner, a native of Germany, aged £0 years.
LABBE— In this city, January 7, 1899, Jose-
phine Louise Labbe, beloved mother of Mrs.
Jules Doisron and Clothilda Labbe, and
mother-in-law of Mr. Jules Doisron, a native
of Paris, France, aged 62 years 9 months and
"25 days. '•* ;','■ :-' • ;
Fri ends and acquaintances- are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2010 Filbert street. Interment Masonic-
Cemetery. *' :'.'.-,.'.- '•• , \-, I .
LYNCH— this city. January 7. 1899. James
A.,' beloved son of Mary and the- late James'
Lynch, and brother of Mary and Teresa.
- Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged -8
years and 10 months.. • . •-.-:'-:<•-; < -■'--;•"-■
Interment private.
NELSON— In this city, January 7, 1898, Peter
•Nelson, aged 25 years. . i
PERIGO— this city, at Fort Point, January
7, 1899. Margaret, beloved wife of John. Perl-
go. daughter of Henry" Johnson, sister of
Frank Johnson, and mother of Harry. Charles
and Lillie Perigo, a native of Trinity County,
Cal. ' " ".'- .
(TTFrlends, and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence. Fort Point, thence to St. Sebastian's
Church (Presidio), where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Intermeht
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ,
PFEIFFER— In this city. January 8. 1899, Her-,
man C, dearly beloved husband of Amanda
Pfeiffer, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Ferdi-
nand Pfelffer. and brother of Louis, Augtist,"
Rose and Mary Pfelffer, a native of Inge-
helm. Bavaria, Germany, aged 31 years 8
months and 24 days.
PALACHE— In this city. January 8, 1899, Ed-
mund Palache, -beloved father of Nellie G.
Rosenberg, a native of Kingston, Jamaica,-
aged 71 years 11 months and 22 days. (i .
STANLEY— In this city. January 7, 1899, at his
residence, 429Ve Bryant street. Benjamin.'
• dearly beloved husband of Kate Stanley, and
father of Ben, Matt and Rose Stanley, a na-*
tive of .Maine, aged 63 years.
ICTTnterment private, in Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery-
SMITH— In this city, January 8, 1899, Amy C..-
-beloved wife of Captain Samuel P. Smith,
and sister of Mrs. Charlotte J. Smith, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 35 years • 11*
months and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-'
• (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com- !
• pany, 2429- Mission street, near Twenty-first.-
Interment Massachusetts. ....-.;
TOLBERT— In Oakland, January 8, 1899, Mar-
tha Tolbert, beloved mother of Lydia Ann.
Frances, a native of Harrisburg, Pa., aged
. 83 years. ... . ;
TIDELL— this city, January 1, 1899. Mar-,
garet.;. beloved wife of Andrew • Tideil, and
mother, of Andrew Tideil , Jr., a native ; of .
County Limerick, . Ireland, aged 52 years.
[L 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1616 Green' street. Interment f Holy '
Cross Cemetery.
UPHAM— In this city, January 7, 1899. Eliza-
beth H.. beloved wife of L. M. Upham. and.
• mother of Mamie, Robert and Clarence Up- :
ham, a native of Clinton, lowa, aged 41 years '
10 months and 7 days. ■ ■ - ■
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ■-•
VIVIAN— In this city. January 7. 1899, Cath-
erine Vivian, mother of Mrs. A. T. Butler
and Thomas H., Richard D. and Robert P.
Vivian, a native of Ireland, aged 6- years.
'. It? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited. to attend the funeral to.-morrow,
(Tuesday), . at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, Thomas . H. Vivian, 12 Essex
street. Interment Mount Calvary- Cemetery-:
WREDEN— this city. January 6, 1*99, Claus,.
■ beloved - husband of Elizabeth' Wreden.' and!
father of Henry M. and William G. Wreden.
Mrs. J. F. Witzel and the late Mrs. F. J.
Veen and Charles C. Wreden,. a native ■of
Lln.'lg, Hanover, . Germany,, aged 63 years 5.
months and 12 days. A member of Concordia
Lodge No." 122. I. O. O. F. ; Siegelhaln No. 7.
U. A. O. D., and Hannoveraner Vereln. .
ICTFrlends'and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day'
■ (Monday), at 1- o'clock, from his late resi-;
dence. 2113 Taylor street, between Greenwich
. and Lombard. Interment private. . Please.
omit flowers. . , • ■
WILSON— this city, January 8. 1599, Henry'
Edward Wilson, a native of Illinois, aged 34
years.' - ..."
WOLFE— In . this city. Harold Arthur, Infant j
son of Elraere A. and Merlam E. Wolfe, a
native of. San Francisco, aged _ 2 months and;
16 days. ' . .
________________________________________________
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan' & Gallagher), :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAI_-__A
80 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln ocbooL
Telephone Soutb 80. -
■^____n_______«_— _■_—__— —_——D___B .
IfflcflVOV «fc CO., |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAI__CER» I
. 1235 Market st. between Bth and **_.* I.
Telephone. Bouth 247. 8
910
AN OPEN SAFE WAS
A TEMPTING BAIT
A Bold Robbery
in the Old
Louvre.
Over $15,000 in Notes and
Stock Taken Before the
Eyes of the Pro-
prietors.
ONE of the most daring robberies ever
committed in this city was reported
Saturday night about half-past 12.
In the annals of crime are plenty of
Instances where the eighth commandment
has been broken under shelter of dark
ness and in seclusion, but it seldom trans
. pires that a thief will coolly and with evi
dent premeditation open a safe, extract
its contents and carry his spoils to his
lair almost in t-.e Immediate presence of
• those who are his victims.
The robbery took place in the Old
Louvre Cafe under the Phelan build
ing. Its execution is a matter of surprise
to all parties concerned, and those who
•were in the cafe Saturday evening are
trying to explain to their friends wny
• they did not detect the guilty party al
most ln the very act. The thief stepped
• Into the telephone box adjoining the din
ing room. In this small apartment are
kept the safe of the firm and a desk.
While it serves in the capacity of an of
flce, yet it is considered a public place,
and any person desiring to telephone with
out leaving the building is accorded its
convenience. People have been in the
habit of passing ln and out at all hours
of the day, and are seldom noticed by tue
proprietors or attaches of the house.
After entering the room the thief opened
the safe, which was unlocked, and ex
tracted a • tin box containing besides a
quant of insurance policies and other
documents 500 shares of Champion Mining
Company's stock, valued at $1.,000. and
a promissory note for $6000. payable to
Gustav Schwarz. The box and its con
tents were the property of Schwarz, who
is one of the proprietors of the Louvre.
From the fact that the box was heavily
sealed the thief decided not to open it in
so conspicuous a place, but run the gaunt
let by packing it unnoticed from the tele
phone box through the dining room and
Into a small room opposite, where he pro
ceeded to ascertain and pocket its cm
tents.
At the hour when the deed was com
mitted there were at least fifty persons
'in the cafe. They were all seated at ta
. bles and had an opportunity of surveying
■every part of the room, yet none of these
' persons, so far as known, can give any
information which will lead to the de
tection of the culprit. In order to pass
, '• from one room to another one must pass
In front of the bar. and the mysterious
part of the entire transaction is how the
•safe-opener carried the treasure box of
the firm among the members of the firm
without discovery- „ .
' • Shortly after the thief iB supposed to
■•have left the building a waiter entered
• the small room occupied by the robber in
. his last operation and found the empty
• box lying on the floor. He at once in
formed Adoiph Beth and the police were
'•sent for. At a late hour last night they
had not succeeded in ferreting out the
mystery. There were two or three sus
picious characters in the building shortly
before the discovery of the empty box
was made. They will be hunted up, but
as none of them were seen to enter the
telephone box tbe officers have nothing
to -work upon.
Beth and Schwarz explain that the safe
had not been locked for the night, as the
cash receipts of the day had not yet been
counted nor deposited. It has been their
habit to simply turn the handle on the
heavy door so that they will not be
troubled with the combination whenever
during, the day they wish to secure any
thing which may have been deposited for
safekeeping. No money ever remains in
the safe during the day, and this fact
seemed to insure in their minds the pro
tection of worthless paper. The thief evi
dently knew all of these things and
worked accordingly.
The six thousand dollar note missing is
 useless to the man who secured it, hut
. Schwarz may have some little trouble
collecting Its face. The stock, worth
v $15,000. ls composed of numbered certifi
cates, of which Schwarz has a record, and
.he has already notified the banks to re
fuse payment on any certificate corre
sponding ln number to those once held
,• by him. New certificates will be issued
• ln place of the old ones, and Schwarz will
*' hot.be the loser on this part of the trans
• .action. The location of the Champion
•' mine is in Nevada County, and it is con
sidered one of the best in the State.
SCHOOLS OPEN TO-DAY.
Large Attendance Expected and the
Teachers Must "Toe the Mark."
The public schools of the city will re
open to-day. Ther<- is promised an unu
sually large attendance for the beginning
.of the midwinter term, at least so pre
pict a number of the Directors. The
teachers appointeu by the new board will
begin their labors, while those who hold
.appointments under the old board will con
tinue in their positions for the present,
•• until the new board disposes of the many
knotty problems in this line that it has
. to consider.
"• The reopening of the schools is antici
, pated with an unusual pleasure by the
• public, as under the rule of the board
: .just elected it is hoped that there will be
••a purer state of affairs in the schools than
that* which has heretofore existed. Ow
ing to the grip, which in some sections
.of the city is more pronounced than in
• •••others, the attendance, especially among
the younger children, may be somewhat
. effected, but not to any material extent.
As far as the teachers are concerned It
cannot be denied that they are very much
put out by the action of the board as re
. .gards its recent classification act. The
-members of the board, from all that could
• be learned yesterday, are determined to
• .stand together in this respect, anyway.
It is true that their action may affect
some of the teachers that It is not intend
.cd for, but, as a prominent member of tne
board said last night, there can be no
. doubt but that the new board is on the
outlook for the city's good, and it will
adopt such measures as it deems best for
. the city's interests, no matter whom these
measures may affect.
It is generally thought that the outlook
is for a purer atmosphere in the schools.
• There will be kept a sharp lookout for
'any stuffing of registers, and in no way
will the attendance be tampered with by
•'•any of the teachers if the Directors can
•prevent it.
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKY la
'recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
SACRED HEART LEAGUE.
Its Promoters Hold the First Meeting
of the New Year.
The first meeting of the promoters of
the League of the Sacred Heart since the
commencement of the new year was held
.yesterday afternoon at St. Ignatius Hall,
'under the auspices of Father Culzla, the
spiritual director of the society. In addi
tion to an eloquent address by Father
Culzia an election of the following offi
• cers was held: Prefect, Miss Leonide Mc-
Kinnon; first assistant, Miss Fannie
•White; second assistant. Miss Teresa
Walsh. The other officers, with a few
exceptions, are the same.
'• The object of this society is to promote
piety, purity and universal love- of the
Blessed Virgin and also the practice of
" every virtue.
. The subject of the address delivered
yesterday for the Instruction and edifica
tion of the 600 or more young ladles in
attendance at the meeting was on the
••'Holy Sacrifice of the Mass."
It was decided unanimously that all the
" -members of the society, without excep
tion, receive holy communion in a body
. at the 7:30 o'clock mass next Sunday*
* morning In the church on Hayes street.
During th« progreaa oi the mass tho
In the Unlocked Safe the Burglar Found His Opportunity.
Sodality choir, which has improved won
derfully under the direction of Miss May
Code, will render several specially ar
ranged selections of sacred music.
■ * ■
The Geographical Society.
A meeting of the Geographical Society
of the Pacific will be held next Wednes
day ln the Academy of Sciences Hall. The
THE BENCH A STAGE,
THE COURT A HALL
PRESIDENT BUTTERWORTHand
the other newly elected officers of
the Widows' .and; Orphans' Aid
Association of the Police Depart
ment can congratulate themselves on
the success of the entertainment they
provided' for the members and 7 their
lady friends in \ Judge Mogan's court
room yesterday afternoon. The court
room was crowded, and presented
quite a different scene from what is
usually there on week days. . 7.7.7
It has -been; the custom for some
years to give' such an entertainment
on the occasion of the first meeting of
the new board, and that of yesterday
far surpassed! any of its predecessors.
The president 'sat on the bench,, and
had on his right: Vice-President Ser
geant Shadrach Campbell,' and on his
left ex-President Sergeant : John Mar
tin. In. the audience were Chief -Lees
and other leading members of the de
partment. The chairman In a few ap
propriate .words spoke of the benefits
derived from the association, and, in
troduced the first purveyor for the
amusement of the audience, George
Evans of . the Orpheum, who deliv
ered a monologue that kept every one
in continuous laughter. Then followed
the clever little couple, from the Or
pheum. Rlbble Butler and Harry
Mangels,, In their songs, dances and
cakewalk; Otto Heynemann, the Beau
Brummelof the department. In a pa
thetic Police Court sketch, excellently
rendered; Goldin, the inimitable illu
sionist from the ' Orpheum; - Conchlta,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1899.
subject will be "The Philippine Islands,
Their Production, Commerce and Govern
ment." discussed by Professor George
Davidson. His lecture will be profusely
illustrated.
Bitten by a Dog.
Mrs. H. Waldrum, 639 O'Farrell street,
went to the branch Postoffice in the St.
from the Olympla; : " Fred Miller, with
his own silver orchestra; Eugene
Weiner, in descriptive songs; Hi Henry
arid four of his cornetists in imita
tions of the Irish bagpipes and solos;
Police Glee Club in ."Night Breezes"
and "Comrades in Arms"; Morton and
Elliott of Hi Henry's Minstrels in
musical oddities; Jack Holland in ex
ceedingly clever Italian sketches; Pro
fessor Desmond in solo, "Maid of
Athens"; Kelly and Marlowe, Irish
comedians; Mr. Duckworth, song, and
the Misses Minnie and Fannie Judson
in violin and piano duet, "The Span
ish Cavalier." 7 T* 7i "
All the numbers were well received
and Goldin, the Illusionist, caused no
end of fun with . his sleight-of-hand
tricks. While he ,was performing a
very difficult trick with an egg Ser
geant John Green, who was watching
him closely, shouted that the egg was
tei hia coat pocket. Goldin went up to
Nicholas Hotel building yesterday, and
when leaving, a dog jumped at her and
any other brand. Only Choicest grapes
and first pressings used. Bottles will bear
green neckband and star label. •
7 > ■■■::..::. ■ -*•> ■ —^-^-7'
HUMANITY'S PREACHER.
Bey. J. A. B. Wilson Talks of Christ
and His Magic Gift.
At the Strangers' Sabbath Home, How
ard street Methodist Episcopal Church,
yesterday morning the pastor. Rev. John
A. B. Wilson preached on the "Magic of
Touch," from Luke viii, 46, "And Jesus
said, somebody hath touched Me, for I
perceive that virtue has gone out of me."
He said in part:
"Someone has recently said, 'What we
want in the pulpit of to-day is not more
men but more man.' Jesus was ever and
always manly. Never truculent or hostile
to the rich as such. He was never patron
izing or sentimental with the poor. Back
of all circumstances of fortune or misfor
tune, of honor or dishonor, of virtue or
vice, of tinsel or tatters, He saw the hu
manity represented and dealt with that.
He was not a rich man's minister or a
poor man's pastor, but he was humanity's
preacher. There is something in every
man worth more than his circumstances
and that ls his humanity; the manhood of
the man and the womanhood of the wo
man.
"He stopped on His way to the palatial
residence because a poverty stricken in
valid needed Him. He put Himself in her
way and made troubled humanity clad in
greatness wait until relief was Imparted
to humanity in lowliness, because it was
first within reach. We shall never be like
Jesus until we learn like Him to estimate
the worth of people by their humanity
rather than their circumstances, and then
it is priceless." yv/y
A Hasty Attachment.
The attachment secured on ■ the prop
erty of E. F. Burns, proprietor of the
Hamman Baths on Grant avenue, by W.
P. Hassall, was never really levied on
the property as was reported, as the
amount, $1135 25, was paid on demand to
the Sheriff. The proceedings were taken
as a result of a tangle over the transfer
of the debt, and no formal demand was
ever made for the money before com
mencing suit.
him, brought him to the. front and
showed him that he was mistaken.
Then he performed a number of tricks
under the sergeant's nose that made
him sorry he spoke. Hi Henry and his
cornetists, in' their imitation of the
Irish bagpipes, brought down the
house. No one was more pleased than
Sergeant Michael Joseph Conboy,
whose face beamed with smiles as he
kept time with his feet. Jack Hol
land's clever imitation of an Italian
seemed to tickle Chief Lees immense
ly, and was one of the features of the
programme. At the conclusion of the
programme votes of thanks were
passed to the performers and to the
officers for, the pleasure accorded their
friends. Light refreshments were pro
vided. , Credit is due E. J. Holden for
managing the affair. •
Prior to the entertainment. the board
met and Sergeant Conboy. was elected
chairman of the board of trustees and
Sergeant Wolfe, secretary.
MEN WHO WILL
FEED AT THE
PUBLIC CRIB
More Appointments to
Be Made Day.
THE RESULTS OF A CAUCUS
SUPERVISORS .BESIEGED BY
HUNGRY JOB-CHASERS.
How ■"Windy" Bienenfleld Talked
His Way Into a Snug Berth
in Assessor Dodge's
Office.
The Job-chasing fraternity were all in
a flurry yesterday over the uncertainty
as to what disposition the new Board of
Supervisors will make of the remaining
patronage under its control. Many juicy
plums are yet to be doled out, and the
job chasers spent the day running after
the members of the new board and oth
ers who are reputed to have a finger in
the patronage pie.
The Supervisors caucused the latter part
of the week and agreed upon many of the
appointments. It is expected that they
will be announced at the meeting of the
board this afternoon.
Jim Symons, the ex-Deputy County
Clerk, ls said to be slated for the posi
tion of engineer of the City Hall. His fire
man will be Billy O'Nell. George Bry
ant, a relative of Phil Crimmins t is to
be appointed electrician in the fire-alarm
office. Other minor changes will also be
made there.
Pat Johnson, who has served two years
as plumber of the City Hall, will proba
bly be retained. John Hamil, one of the
clerks to the Board of Supervisors, will.
It is said, also hold down his job during
this administration. Al Houston is on
the slate for engineer of the Fourth
street bridge, and Garry Welsh will as
sist him as br— ge-tender.
"Chief" Billy Collins, a nephew of
Supervisor Attridge, will take care of
one of the elevators in the City Hall. In
fluences are being brought to bear to re
tain J. B. Hawthorn in his present place.
Hawthorn has had charge of the elevator
at the eastern end of the building for
years. He is* a cripple, and is well liked
by everybody in the big building. Ned
Keegan will supplant Paddy Hayes as
'fireman in the heating room.
George Madden, Louis Holtz, Harry
Jacobs, George Beazley and Andrew
Troutwell are said to be among those who
will drive the "hurry-up wagons" until
the next administration.
Edward Foley will, if everything goes
according to programme be appointed
messenger to the Tax Collector. Sammy
Solomon was slated for this plum, but
Sammy was turned down. He will be ap
pointed messenger in the Justices Courts,
a* fat snap now held by Ike Willis.
The Democratic place-hunters have
fairly beseiged Assessor Dodge for a
berth in his offlce. J. F. McGovern, the
renegade who deserted the Committee of
Four Hundred and Fifty on the eve of
election and turned himself over to the
late Committee of One Hundred, has not
been rewarded as yet. He expects to be
placed in Dodge's offlce.
"Windy" Bienenfleld literally "hollered
himself into a job in the Assessor's of
flce. When Dr. Dodge announced his ap
pointments Bienenfleld's name was not
mentioned. He is said to have stood on
the corner of Stockton and Ellis streets
for a whole day denouncing Dr. Dodge,
Mayor Phelan and the entire Democratic
push. All this was poured into the ears
of the "great moguls," and Charlie Fay
was dispatched at once to pour balm on
"Wlndy's" Injured feelings. The balm
was not the variety usually dispensed by
Fay. Bienenfleld was already as full of
that as the bottom of a strainer is of
holes. At any rate Bienenfleld received
a letter to Dr. Dodge and the next day he
was put to work.
MR. FARRAND'S ABSENCE
STARTS THE GOSSIPS
PASTOR OF HOWARD CHURCH
GOES EAST.
Elders of the Congregation Deny
That He Has Been Gfuilty of
Wrong-Doing as Hinted.
The Rev. Fountain R. Farrand, pastor
of Howard Presbyterian Church, did not
fill its pulpit yesterday, his place being
taken by the Rev. C. C. Herriot of Oak
land. Dr. Farrand is in Los Angeles th
route East, and is not expected to re
sume his former position in this city.
His hasty departure, taken in connec
tion with the circumstances under which
he left, has given rise to rumors of mis
conduct, which officers and members of
his pastorate affirm are entirely un
founded.
The charges which are hinted at are to
the effect that Dr. Farrand paid too de
voted attention to the young ladles of his
congregation, and while exposure was Im
minent several times the matter was sup
pressed. Many members of the congrega
tion had never heard a word of scandal
breathed against their pastor's name,
and expressed surprise yesterday when
the matter was broached to them.
Charles W. Pike, an elder of the church,
had heard of the scandalous stories about
the pastor. He said they had been ex
aggerated and distorted until there was
not a semblance of truth in them. It was
true that a leave of absence had been
given Dr. Farrand and also that he had
closed his house here and might not re
turn. He left hastily, as a relative in
Los Angeles was In a dying condition.
This woman has since died.
Elder J. P. Prutzman, one of the most
prominent members of the congregation,
said:
"If Dr. Farrand ever conducted him
self in a manner unbecoming a gentle
man and a Christian, to- say nothing of
a minister, I never heard of it, and I do
not believe he did. The parents of both
Dr. and Mrs. Farrand, who reside in the
East; are in ill health. Because of this
fact and their advanced age Dr. Farrand
expressed a desire to be near them, and
at his request he was given a three
months' leave of absence, with full sal
ary, to visit them, with the understand
ing that if he should secure a pulpit
which would enable him to remain near
his people he would not return. In view
of this publication attacking his charac
ter he may feel compelled to return here
in self-defense. He is still pastor of the
Howard Presbyterian Church, and his
connection with this congregation can
only be severed by the presbytery on the
joint application of the church and him
self. No such action has been taken."
A Phenomenal Showing*
Is that of G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA DRY;
86.555 cases imported in 1898, or more than
one-half of all other brands. Made of
choicest grapes and first pressings. Bottles
will bear green neckband and star label.*
To Talk on Missions.
To-day at 12 o'clock at the Association
Auditorium/Mason and Ellis streets,
Irish Evangelist Needham, who has re
cently returned from an extended tour
through the Orient, will address the city
pastors and those of adjacent towns on
"Missionary Work In Japan." The meet
ing will be open and free to the public.
Rev. John Ac B. Wilson, D.D. , pastor of
the Howard-street M. E. Church, will
preside^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
SPECIAL OFFERING
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS
MT
VERY LOW PRICES.
200 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, full width, fringed on
both ends,
PRICE 33.00 Pair.
Wortb $4.50 Pair.
100 pairs OTTOMAN PORTIERES, very rich colorings and
extra wide,
PRICE $4.00 Pair.
Regular Value $650 Pair.
200 pairs NOTTINGHAM AND FISHNET CURTAINS, both
ecru and white,
PRICE 32.00 Pair.
. Value $2.50 Pair.
3 cases MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra size, in both
white and colored,
PRICE 32.00 Each.
Wortb $2.50 Each.
250 pairs WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, weight full six pounds,
PRICE 34.50 Pair.
Regular Value $6 00-
-160 BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards
wide and 3 yards long,
PRICE 32.50 Each.
. Worth $3-75 Each.
250 dozen BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK TABLE NAPKINS
(27 inches square),
PRICE 33.00 Dozen.
Wortb $350 Dozen.
150 dozen Extra Quality HEMMED LINEN HUCK TOWELS
(large size), borders assorted,
PRICE 33.00 Dozen.
Wortb $4.00 Dozen.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
2 cases PRINTED OTTOMAN FLANNELETTES (dark colors),
6io Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET."
BDWEN
& CO.
We ask for your trade on the
basis of quality. As birds of a
feather flock together so good ser-
vice Is pretty sure to be found
where the best goods are sold
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— solid packed 2^C
Weighed out by the pound
Tea— io flavors 40c
The 50c grade
Whiskey{° 't^y***
[OK Bourbon) gal 3
regularly $i bottle $4 gallon
You should be careful where you buy
liquors
Canned fruits— Our choice i^c
v Selected fruits in heavy syrup :
apples, apricots, blackberries, currants, plums,
grapes, nectarines, yellow peaches, pears,
quinces — regularly 20c
Com— succotash— peas 1 2 5*2 C
regularly 15c tin Sea Foam.
New crops at a low price for a high
quality
AsparagUS tipS-reg'ly lectin lOC
For salads. Not the largest tips but a
great treat for the money
Sardines— Lazeran 20 and 2^c
regularly 25 and 30c tin
There are none better
Alf and Alf (porter and ale)si.ro
Everard's. Regularly $1.75.
Recommended to all who need a
strength builder 7 <
Canada malt lager beer qts $2
reg'ly $2 25 and Si 50 pts 1 2)
We believe the famous Pilsener beer
imported from' Germany isn't a whit
better than Everard's
Alkethrepta— reg'iy 25c tin 20c
Condensed chocolate
Cold cream— PinaucPs 30c
regularly 40c jar
Prevents chapping, clears and softens
the skin
Hickory nuts-^SuU*. i^c
Italian chestnuts lb ioc
catalogue free
432 Pine 2:5 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Munyon'sHeadache and Ind.gesttonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tc:n. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of ths
Internal Viscera. 28 cts. a box. At Druggists.
i « bx mall. BADWAY A CO,. N«w Tort
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
AND
CARPETS !
A tremendous line of all grades of FURNI-
TURE, CARPETS, ETC., Just arrived too late
for holiday. trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded -we have marked all goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to aIL
T. B. BRILLIANT, Snccessor
AROXSOX FURNITURE CO
338 and S4O Post st.. bet. Stockton and PowelL
Tel. Main ISSO. Free delivery across the bay.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists" Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 18.
Opticians kop^ k gencx
642 Market St.
• » chronicle building^
WE EMPLOY no AGENTS.
auo**ro ooooooooooooa
S'-w PALACE «*»3
%GRAND hotels o.
" BAH FKAHOIOCO. 2
V Connected by a covered passageway. ™
0 1400 "Rooms— 9oo With Both Attached. O
P All Under One Management. Q
0 . ROTS THS PEI0B3: A
_. European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward __
_* American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward Q
Q Correspondence Solicited. q
Q » JO**"*** 0. KIEU-PASaiOS, X___f». g
.QOQOOOOOOaOOOOOQg
teS VITALIS
Sl^S VITALIS
i.*n %^_« y&XT t*j THE NEW
sKiir^fe» BBS?-
YITALIS *«-=_,• SEL-Jl DCMcnV
_ I _l , riTi :s^" EA v ! 5 o r s , 3mri^ nti*3tUl 1B
s™"'* » quickly A surely remof M Ner-ontneM, In-.,,ot«ncT
K_»_,___?_?-_ "TT Wastinß Di '" l$ " »»*» A "ftS
of >e!f.iibo»e or excess and indiscretion. Restore* Lost Tltalit/
Power and Falling Memory. Wards ofl __M__Sr__? ft,n.lril_
Mon urn when all others fail. g_ff, on having TITALIpf
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mall $1 ©3
KlS___**___f mV" $s *r"° "**•*" " «««»nte. to CnVe w
Kefunil the Money. Circular Free Aridrou "'
OALCMET Cl R_: CO., BS*li^rborn7u, C_Jc_««
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
I DR.PIERCES '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL 7- ■'
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.a.IVER.LUNGS.
"drScnulty.
r raiB WELI.-KXOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■a bpectallstcm-e* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o, Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
p\!^i C n!.'^ B^ Meu.free. Over 20 *rs' experience
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable: Hours")
to 3 dally ; 8.30 to 8:30 ergs. Sundays, in to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cal l.or address
P. lt(»S(«i' McXUIiTY. M.D.
gQ*^ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
lA/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNST-AT LAW
Tenth Floor. Room 1015 u Clau. Spreckela Bid..
Telephone brown S3L *"