VOLUME LXXXV-XO. 16G.
FILIPINOS
ARE READY
FOR PEACE
Aguinaldo Sends Another
Commission to Arrange
the Terms.
FIGHTING GOES ON
General Otis Proceeds Right Ahead
With His Expeditions to
.. Capture Bacolor.
: Special Dispatch to The Call.
•: ++ ♦ + «♦. +++++++ +++ + + 4
:•- ♦ ♦
.+ WASHINGTON, May 14.— The 4 j
: 4- following dispatch from Major ♦
♦ General Otis, giving the status 4
4- of the military situation as it 4 !
4- now exists in the operations 4- .
4- against the insurgents, was re- 4- I
•4- ved at the War Department 4
4- to-day:
4- MANILA. May 14.— Adjutant Gen- 4- I
■4- era] Washington: Situation is as *•
4- follows: 'Lawtnn, from Balinag, 4
-- hap taken Ildefonso and San Ml- ♦ ;
4- pue! to north with slight loss, and 4
-- driving considerable force of en- 4
-- emy. Ounhoats and canoes accom- 4
•♦ p^^iy 1500 men under Kobbe up the 4- ;
4- P.!o Grande from mpit, depart- 4
-- Ing the Ifith. '•■ ■ Arthur remains 4
-- f. t Pan Fernando, covering: conn- +
•♦ try. Yesterday received a messen- 4
-- per from Ag-uinaldo. expressing: a 4- i
-♦• wish to send commission to Manila 4- '
•*• for conference with United States 4
•4- commission to arrange terms of ■*■ j
i • •♦■ peace. Directions given to pass 4- j
-♦■ body of representative insurgents 4- I
4- to Manila should it present itself. 4- i
4- OTIS. 4- i
+ -»-44-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4->4-4-44
NEW YORK, May 14.— Wash
ington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: A satis
factory conclusion is expected ,
by administration officials from |
the conference which will be held hv ;
the American Philippine Commission
with the mission which Aeuinaldo
proposes to send to Manila.
In his dispatch to the War Depart
ment to-day General Otis announced
that n.aldr. had sent a messenger to j
him expressing a wish to send a com
mie-sinf *nt« arranpe terms of peace."
Administration officials express the !
opinion that this commission will sub
mit to President Schurman and his j
associates the answer of Aguinaldo to j
the proposition made by the American !
commission to Colonel \re:uflles. Aeul
naldo's emissary, regarding the char
' 'i- acter of povernment which would he
• given to the Filipinos and which Ar- ;
guell^s declared was satisfactory.
It is probably apparent to the Fili
pinos that there is nothing to be grained
by conducting negotiations for the nur-
Ipose of obtaining a temporary cessation
of hostilities. General Otis will not
grant an armistice; and he has shown
that he does not propose to stop ficht
•ing. no matter how many peace emis-
Baries Aguinaldo may send to Manila, j
unless they agre^ to unconditional sur- I
render. In his dispatch. General Otis i
shows that despite the fact that Agui- j
naldo stau-s his purpose to nd a com- j
mission to arrange peace he is making i
preparations to continue military j
operations.
It is evident to the officials from this I
dispatch that General Otis has found it j
necessary to change his plans. He has
been making preparations to attack
Bacolor. where 9000 insurgents are be- !
!i«ved to be encamped, and it is pre- I
fumed that th-> movements reported to- j
day still have that point as the ob
jective. General L.awton is maklncr ex
cellent progress in his northward
march, and the dispatch of Major
Kobbe with 1500 men up the Rio
Grande, supported by gunboats and |
cascoes. is for the purpose of enabling j
General Lav/ton to cross the Rio
Grande without molestation by the en- i
• emy.
: . : • The plan apparently- contemplates the
rapid swinging of Law ton to the west, i
General Mac Arthur to remain at San
Fernando, between the Insurgents at
Bacolor arid those at Mexico, and
Kobbe is to take station so as to pre
vent them from crossing the Rio
Grande. Mac Arthur Is also needed at
.^[ his present point to protect communi- :
"^cation with Manila.
GUNBOATS BATTLE
WITH INSURGENTS
MANILA, May 15. 10 a. m.—The tin- j
clad" gunboats La puna de Bai and <'a- j
vadonga and a launch under Captain i
Grant ran into a nest of insurgents
Continued on Second Page.
SPANISH
GARRISON
BESIEGED
4- ■ 4
♦ >
+ WASHINGTON, May 14.—The +
■♦■ War Department to-day re- +
+ ceived the following dispatch: -f
♦ 4
+ MANILA, May 14.—1t is reported -♦•
-♦- that at Zamboanga. the insurgents ■*■
4- attacked Spanish troops on nth + '
■f inst., using quick-firing guns and ■♦■ !
-♦• arms captured from Spanish gun- +
♦ boats. A Spanish general and two ■**
+ ofilf-ers were wounded. There were -♦■
. -♦ a few casualties among the troops. ■+■ \
V* The Spanish garrison is now be- - I
♦ sieged. The water supply is cut +
■f off, and troops are calling for re- ♦ i
♦ lief. OTIS. + !
4. +
The San Francisco Call.
SIR HENRY IRVING
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
LONDON, May 14. — Sir Henry Irvinp. whose recent work in the title role
of Sardou's drama. "Robespierre," at tho Lyceum Theater has been
exceedingly trying, was taken seriously ill this morning (Sunday)
with an affection of the throat. A specialist was immediately sum
moned, and as the result of his advice, it is announced that Sir
Henry's part during the week will be taken by his son, Lewrence Irvine,
who i? Sir Henry's understudy in several notable rolea
The announcement of th- illness brought a large number of callers this
evening to Sir Henry's residence in Grafton street, but his medical adviser
has forbidden him to receive anyone at present. It is hoped that with com
plete rest he will be reston d to his usual health by the end of the week.
GIVE DEWEY
A FAREWELL
LUNCHEON
Philippine Commissioners
and Army Commanders
Honor the Admiral.
Special IMspatoh to The Call.
00000000000000000
o c
O MANILA, May Professor O
O Schurman. president of the O '
O United States Philippine Com- O
O mission, grave a farewell lunch- O
O eon to-day to Admiral Dewey, O
O at which Professor Dean C. O;
O Worcester and Charles Denby of O •
O the commission, with General Q\
C Mac Arthur, General Lawtnn O
O and others were present. The O
O health of the army was drunk O
0 with the utmost cordiality O|
0 ©
OOOOOOOOOOO"^OOOO
WASHINGTON, May 14.— Admiral
Dewey's home coming by way of the
Mediterranean is likely to give occasion
for distinguished honors from the
navies of Europe, most of them being
represented by extensive squadrons in
those waters, and some of them having
their chief naval stations at Mediter
, ranean ports Already Ambassador
i Cam bo of France has called the atten
j tion of the authorities at Paris to the
return of Admiral Dewey by way of the
Mediterranean and the probable. sailing j
lof his flagship, the Olympia, past the
| French naval ports in Algiers. These j
j are opposite the British possessions of
| Gibraltar and Malta, at the entrance to j
the Mediterranean, and are easy and j
natural Estopping places along- that \
route. It is hardly expected that the
Admiral will touch at Toulon, the great
naval depot of France.
At the ports of French Algiers he '
| will be accorded every honor due, not
only to his rank, but to the universal
esteem in which he is held by the naval
fraternity.
The British authorities have taken
no steps thus far to have the Admiral
."top at British ports, but it was stated
to-day by one of the British officers
that Dewey would be assured a. most
enthusiastic greeting if he stopped at
any British station, and that undoubt
edly step? would be taken to induce
him to touch at Plymouth and Ports
mouth, the southern naval depots of
England, if there was any prospects
of his acceptance. In any event, it is
said, the Admiral was quite likely to
stop at Malta ami Gibraltar, as these
are the usual coaling places, and this
would give an opportunity for an ex
pression of British esteem for him. in
the event that the admiral could be in
duced to stop in England en route
home, it is said he probably would be :
1 met at Aden or Port Said by a British
Mines Resume Operations.
LEADVIL.LE. Colo.. Mayl*.— The flood-;
ed area of the Leadvilie basin is now
practically unwatered. Eight large mines '
' which closed in 1896. on account of the j
! strike, will resume operations by June 1. |
giving employment to 700 men and pro
ducing about 500 tons of ore daily.
Died in a Pew.
GREENFIELD, Wls., May 14.— Edward
Keller, 72 years old, died In a pew at the
Lutheran Church this morning. His
home was in California, and he came here
to visit relatives. When he died he -was
finding jßesvlc^e i conduced : J?yJlk aon.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
ALGER MAY
YET LEAVE
THE CABINET
Struggle for the Senatorship '
Likely to Lead to His
Retirement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, .May 14.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Michi
gan political complications may ac- ;
complish whai public opinion and the
scandal failed to do. They may ;
force Secretary of War Alger out of
the Cabinet.
The situation in Michigan briefly
stated is this: Secretary Alger wants
to be sent to the Senate and thus se
cure a vindication from his own State.
Senator McMillan wishes to be re
c-lected to the Senate. Governor Pin
gree wants the support of the Michigan
delegation to the next Republican con
vention for the Presidential nomina
tion. Senator McMillan has refused al
liance with the Pingree faction. He
will make his fight for the Senatorship
as a supporter of the administration
and an advocate of Michigan's vote in
the convention being cast for the re
nomination of President McKinley.
Seen tary Alger cannot hope to win if i
he antagonizes both Senator McMillan
and Governor Plngree. To secure the
Senatorship he must make an alliance
with Governor Pingree against McMil
lan. Alliance with Governor Pinsree
means that he must oppose the admin
istration and endeavor to secure a dele- I
■ '.' to the P üblican convention
antagoni. ti to President McKinlev. To
do this and remain in th<- Cabinet is
impossible. Secretary Alger is at the
parting of tin- ways. He must either
give up his Senatorial ambition or he
must resign from the War Department.
There has not yet been am- open |
breach between Secretary Alger and
Senator McMillan, but partisans of both
sidep say it cannot be much longer
avoided. There [s every prospect of aj
lively fight within the Republican ranks
in Mulligan, and as it will involve th<
admi: istration it will interest the whole
country.
TO MAKE SOUNDINGS
FOR THE NEW CABLE
Steamship Britannia to Lay Out a
Route Between America and
Germany.
NEW YORK, May 14.— News was re
ceived here to-day that the Commercial
Cable Company's Bteamer Britannia had
arrived at the Azores an-1 would start
this week to make soundings for the lay-
Ing of a strand which is to connect (Jer
many and the T'nited States.
George <J. Ward, vice president and
manager of the company, will sail on
the American line steamer St. Paul,
which leaves for Southampton next Wed
nesday. He has been summoned to Cn
logne, where he will consult with officials
of t)i<- German Atlantic Telegraph Com
pany. Every effort is being made to has
ten the laying of the new cable.
Mr. W'anl said this evening that he ex
pected to In gone at least a month. In
this time lie thinks all preliminary ar
rangements for the laying of the "cable
will l>e completed. It Is expected that
the section between this country and the
Azores will be In working order by fall.
Andrews Not Coming West.
CHICAGO, May 14.— Dr. E. Benjamin
Andrews, Superintendent of the Chicago
schools, will remain in Chicago. After a
consultation with his wife; who arrived
from the West to-aay, he sent a letter
to Governor Thomas, declining the presi
dency of the State Agricultural College
of Colorado. Dr. Andrews said the state
of his wife's health had much to 40 .witi^,
jils refusaj gf jae offer. *^._ ■'
BRANDS IT
OUTRAGE ON
THE PEOPLE
La Rue's Caustic Language
on Attempt to Dismiss
Grain Rate Cases.
MILLS MADE PROMISE
But the Southern Pacific Company
Avoided Putting Its Proposi
tion in Writing.
EX-RAILROAD COMMISSIONER
LA RUE was seen at his Sacra
mento home last evening by a
representative of The Call, and in the
course of an exhaustive interview,
branded in his most vigorous lan
guage as an outrage upon the people
of this State the efforts of the South
ern Pacific to have the grain-rate
cases dismissed through the agency
of the company's creatures on the
Railroad Commission — Laumeister
and Blackstock.
He read the expose of Mr.
Herrin's manipulations in The Call of
yesterday morning and -was familiar
with every phase of the case. Con
cerning the statement made in the
original report on the cas«s, made by
Blackstock and suppressed by Her
; rin. to the effect that he had informed
Blackstock that the railroad had ap
proached him with a proposition to i
dismiss the grain-rate cases provided
the commission would recede from its i
| 25 per cent resolution, he said that j
he had been so approached on behalf
of the company by William H. Mills; j
but he denied ever having so in- !
formed Blackstock.
Mr. La Rue's opinion of this latest j
job of the railroad and his evidence I
! in the case is best told in the wired !
report of the interview had with him |
in Sacramento, v.hich follows:
SACRAMENTO. May 14.-Said ex
; Railroad Commissioner La Rue. when
; asked to-night by The Call corre
! spondent for a statement with reference
to the story appearing' In to-day's Call
fastening the authorship of Black
stock's grain rate case report upon TV
F. Herrin:
"I consider the proposition to dismiss
this grain casr one of the greatest out
rages ever perpetrated upon the tax
payers of California. The questions in
volved in that case relate to the power
of the Commission to reduce or estab
lish rates not only now but in the fu
ture. They are questions which must
be settled some time, and they were in
a fair way to settlement when the pres
ent Railroad Commission decided to
ask for a withdrawal of the litigation.
thus rescinding the action of the former
Commission.
"Between 130,000 and $40 000 of the peo
ple's money had been expended In the
prosecution of the matter and there was
a fair assurance that we would win.
"Naturally it was to the railroad
company's advantage to have the cases
dismissed, since, had it lost it would
have been liable for many thousands of
dollars in damages.
"Other questions than the mere right
of the Railroad Commission to enforce
a reduction were involved. For one
thing, the legality of the leases under
which the Southern Pacific of Kentucky
operated the variously named divisions
in this State would have been de
termined. Of course, it was to the in
terest of the railroad company to avoid
an issue with such vital consequences
to it."
Mr. La Rue said that he did not re
member ever having spoken personally
to Blackstock upon the subject of the
grain rate case, as related in Black
stock's report. What statements he did
make, he said, were made before the
entire board.
"About a year before the expiration
of the term of office of the former
board," continued he, "Attorney Pills
bury, who represented the Hubbard-
Searles interests in the East, said that
his clients were tired of the litigation,
and that he would like to arrive at a
settlement. Nothing, however, ever
came of this.
"Last year W. H. Mills of the
Southern Pacific Company came to me
and stated that his company was tired
of the litigation, and was willing to
dismiss the injunction suit and put the
8 per cent grain reduction in opera
tion, provided the Railroad Commission
would withdraw the resolution favoring
an eventual 23 per cent general redac
tion on freight rates.
"I called on Judge Hayne of counsel
for the Railroad Commission, and we
discussed Mills' proposition. I thought
it would be a good thing to accept it.
since by that means we would gain all
we desired.
"Judge Hayne thought favorably ->f
the proposition and I then had a meet
ing with Mr Mills, stating that if he
would put his proposition in writing I
would bring it before the board. .ills
answered that it was all right and that
he would have the company put in
writing its agreement to dismiss the in
junction suit and accept the S per cent
reduction on grain. ..;-.
"I saw no more of him for ten days,
when he informed me that the company
had decided not to put the proposition
in writing, but that one of the railroad
attorneys would see Attorney-General
Fitzgerald and arrange the matter with
him V
"Subsequently Attorney-General Fitz
gerald informed me that he had never
been approached upon the subject. I
stated these facts to the Railroad Com
mission about January Ist last. I nev< r
had any talk with Blackstockon the
subject that I can remember.
"Mr. Mills was very nice in making
the proposition, but when he was asked
to put it before the board in writing he
failed to act; the railroad • company
never made the proposition to the board
jdlrect/' ' .' '• - '■ *"■' ' ■ " " M
ELECTED BISHOP OF
THE UNIVERSALISTS
LOS ANGELES, May 14.— The most important action during the recent
T'r.iversalist State Convention in Pasadena was the election of a
state superintendent of churches, or what in other denominations
would be called a bishop. The convention having created the office.
Rev. L. M. Andrews of Santa Paula was by vote elevated to the
position. According to the records. Rev. Mr. Andrews is the first Universal
ist bishop of California.
FEDERATION
DENOUNCES
MERRIAM
Central Labor Union Scores
the General for His
Action in Idaho.
Special PispHfh to Th» Call.
NEW rORK, May 14. Tho Central
Federated Labor Union unanimously
adopted resolutions to-day denouncing
General Merriam for ordering the dis
bandment of the miners' unions in Idaho
and instructing the secretary to ask the.
War Department whether it is respon
sible for ( r-ral Merriam's conduct.
The resolutions adopted are:
Resolved, That the Central Federated
Union of New York protests against Gen
eral Merriam's unwarranted use ot mili
t irv power to browbeat the striking min
ers of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, and for de
claring martial law under which he com
mands the disorganisation of all unions
and orders employers to discharge every
miner who does not withdraw from his
trades union.
dyed. That the secretary write to
the War Department, asking whether it
is responsible for General Merriam's con
duct and if bo, stating that it will be
held to answer for the possible conse
quences Of such aggravating methods.
Delegate Harris of the International j
Cigarmakers' Onion said that through i
General Merriam's edict, the miners' I
trades unions have been placed outside
of the pale of the law and the union
should demand the withdraw;.! of the
cdii t and the Investigation and court
martial of i • neral Merriam.
"President McKlnley should be called
upon to order an investigation." he
said.
Georgf "Warner, busin-ess agent of
New York City Lodge of International
Machinists' Union, said: "A conference
of all labor leaders in the country
should be called to decide on action to
be taken at the ballot box."
Delegate Rubin of the Waiters' Un
ion said: "All this is the outcome of
imperialism."
A voice: "Shoulder a gun."
Delegate Kelly of the Theatrical Pro
tective Union said: "Something should
be done by organized labor to prevent
the disruption of trades unions through
Federal interference."
HI': LENA. Mont., May 14. — Governor
Smith has addressed a letter to Gen
eral Merriam, commanding general of
the military forces in the Coeur
d'Alene whtle that district is under
martial law, to the effect that no more
arrests of persons suspected of having
been implicated in the Wardner riot
may be made in Montana without
proper authority from the State. It
! had been represented to the Governor
I by a committee from the labor unions,
which waited on him four days ago,
1 that steps were being taken by General
Merriam to arrest all miners in Mon
tana suspected of leaving the Coeur
j d'Alene, and that if the military was
permitted to do so many men innocent
of any offense would be deprived of
their liberty without process of law.
OWNERS DECIDE TO
CLOSE THEIR MINES
WARDNER. Idaho, May 14.— The own
ers of the mines up Canyon Creek are
rapidly deciding to close them down ab
solutely during the continuance of the
labor troubles. Already the management
of the Helena-Frisco has given orders to
raise the pumps on Thursday and the
- .. „ Contlcued-oa Becoad Pa»o. - -.
CHINA WILL
NOT YIELD TO
THE DEMAND
Refuses to Permit Russia's
Extension of Manchuria
Railway to Peking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
♦ BERLIN, May 14.— 1t is be- ♦
♦ lieved here that Russia's latest >
-f claims in China will reopen the ♦
+ entire question of Russian and ♦
♦ British rights there. ♦
♦ ♦
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦■♦♦♦
SHANGHAI, May 14.— The Tsung Li
Tamen (Chinese foreign office) has re
plied to the Russian Minister at PeKing.
M. de Giers, that the Government is
unable to accede to the Russian de
mand, made last Wednesday, for a new
railway concession connecting Peking
with Russia's present system in Man
churia.
Not since the taking of Port Arthur
by Russia have the Chinese been so
agitated as over this demand. Whether
M; de Giers named a specific route is
not yet ascertained, some officials as
serting that only a preliminary notice
was given by Russia and others that
she is asking- for a line direct from
Peking to Shanghai Kwon.
Certainly the British legation in !
Peking had no previous knowledge that
such proposal was coming from St
Petersburg. The concession asked for
would ruin the existing northern rail
ways, in which British capital to the
amount of £2,000,000 is invested, but
there seems to be no alternative route
without interfering with plans for rail
way extension which the Chinese them
selves have in mind.
It is believed that Russia's action in
this matter is intended to demonstrate
to the world that the recent convention
with Great Britain respecting spheres
of influence ii» China, which was com
municated to the Chinese Government
almost before this latest concession was
demanded, has not fettered the action
of Russin at the Court of Peking and
alr-o to strengthen Russia's -restige
with the Chinese, which was unfavor
ably affected by her withdrawal of her
late protest respecting the northern
railways.
STREETCAR ACCIDENT
RESULTS IN A RIOT
Mob Attacks a Motorman ; and the
Police Who Go to His
Rescue.
PITTSBURG, May 14.-Perm avenue and
Twenty-second street was the scene to
day of a riot which threatened for a time
to result seriously. A consolidated trac
tion car struck and horribly mangled
Katie Three, a Polish child. While the
body was being taken from under the car
a mob, composed principally of Poles,
gathered and attacked the motorman and
conductor with the intention of lynching"
them. They were finally rescued by a
squad of police and driven away in a pa
trol wagon. Michael Bigge. a policeman,
was then pounced upon and badly beaten.
He succeeded, however, in holding on to
one of the ringleaders until a squad of
rescuers came to his relief.
When the officers attempted to put the
arrested man in the wagon the mob made
a dash to rescue him and a desperate
right followed, lasting a half hour. Rein
forcements dispersed the rioters, but not
until many of them had been severely
clubbed. Five of the ringleaders were ar-
Ajjest^
price' five cents.
DR. BRIGGS
ORDAINED
A PRIEST
Admitted to the Episcopal
Church Without Per
sonal Protest.
BISHOP POTTER iCTS
All the Officiating Clergymen Very
Nervous and the Ceremonies
Hurried Through.
Special Dippatrh to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 14.— 1n the pro
cathedral on Stanton street. Rev. Dr.
Brir^rs, who was suspended for heresy
by the Presbyterian Assembly, was or
dain< d a priest of the Episcopal church.
He was ordained together with the Rev.
Charles N. Snedeker, and the ordina
tion c- monies were conducted by
Bishop Potter. The little church was
crowded with people, and the cere
monies were notable for the auiteness
tl at prevailed.
Those who expected from the great
outcry of the past three of four weeks
pome sensational features were disap
pointed. There was no scene, no ex
citement, and no protest was filed at
the beginning, during or at the close of
the ordination.
There was nothing notable in the ser
mon preached by Rev. Dr. George Wil
liam Douglass.
The ceremonies were %'cry long, com
mencing at 10:30 o'clock and continuing
until late in the afternoon. If any
thing, the services were hurried a lit
tle, and the general communion which
followed the communion of the postu
lents, or candidates, tended to extend
the time.
There was a large crowd about the
little pro-cathedral church as early as
7:30 o'clock. This increased as the time
for the ordination ceremonies ap
proached After the Sunday school had
finished its exercises, the vicar. Rev.
Dr. Paddock, v.as approached by In
spector Cross of the police, who held a
conversation with him. Several police
men were outside the church and some
in the church.
The church does not seat more than
500 people, ana ;h ■"•• about fvice
that number sitting and standing.
Bishop Potter drove to the church with
the candidates for admission. Rev. Dr.
Charles A. Brigcs and Rev. Dr. C. A.
Snedeker.
Dr. C. B. Smith, who was to present
Dr. Briggs, and who is r eritus rector
of St. James' church, and Dr. George P.
Nelson, who was to present Dr.
Snedeker, and who is one of the as
sistant secretaries of the diocese, ar
rived later together. With them was
Rev. L>;\ Osborne of Trinity Ch.rch.
Trenton N. J. All of the?r> went to the
office of the vicar. Bishop Potter was
asked what he had to say preliminary
to the ceremonies. He said he had no
notice of protest, and had received no
protest. He smiled at the thought of
any of the objecting cler- aen appear
ing in the church and making a scene.
He, however, said that he ha<l received
a letter from a layman protesting
against the ordination of Dr. Briggs.
and as this letter v.'as written under a
misapprehension of the facts and law.
he had wered. H • did nr>t desire to
give the name of the layman who. he
said, was high up in the councils of the
church.
Rev. Dr. Briggs was somewhat ner
vous, though he did not betray it in the
church during the services. There was
a semblance of nervousness in all the
celebrants. There seemed to lie a ten
dency to hurry through the ceremonies.
The church was not decorated. Only a
few potted ■ !;t:its and a few lillies were
in the chancel.
Promptly at 1:30 o'clock the organist
began an organ voluntary. He had
Bcarcel' 1 ' finished it when the opening
strains of the processional were heard.
The usual order was observed in the
processional. After the choir came the
vicar, Rev. Dr. Paddock, th<~-n the can
didates, Rev. Doctors Briggs and Sne
deker, their s onsors, Rev. Doctors
Smith and Osborne. and lastly the
bishop. Rev. Dr. Briggs wore the stole
of a ademical degree, as also did Rev.
Dr. Snedeker.
The congregation stood during the
processional The candidates and their
sponsors tonk seats which had been
placed in a row in front of the chanc.pl.
Bishop Potter took a seat near the holy
table and Rev. Dr. George William
Douglass, who was to deliver the
ordination sermon. Rev. Dr. Osborne
and the presbyters took seats on either
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦ ♦♦♦♦ t » t ♦ ♦ t ♦ ♦
VICTIMS OF
COLLISION
AT EXETER
4- . *
4- READING, Pa., May 14.— 4
-- total number of dead as a result 4
+ of Friday night's collision at 4
-- Exeter reached twenty-nine to- 4
-- day. William D. Jenkins of Nor- 4
-- ristown dying at the hospital at 4
-- that place. Of the large number 4
-- of injured still in the hospitals 4
-- here, three are in a serious con- 4
-- dition' and small hope is enter- 4
-- tamed for their recovery. 4
+ At least 10,000 persons visited 4
♦ the scene of the wreck to-day. 4
>- Almost everybody was bent on 4
+ carrying away some kind of a +
4- memento. Many of the people 4
-- did not hesitate to take away 4
-- with them pieces of wood thor- 4
-- ougrhly saturated with human 4
-- blood. 4
-- The question as to who is re- 4
-- sponsible for the catastrophe is 4
-- still being discussed here. That 4
-- some one blundered is generally 4
-- . admitted by trainmen. Who it 4
-- was that blundered, however, no 4
-- one seems to know positively. 4
♦ ♦
da *"*■*•* * ***** ** * * .* **,2
ENLISTING PORTO
RICAN SOLDIERS
A full Battalion Soon Will Be
WeariQg t\)e American
UQiform.
O NEW YORK, May 14.— A "Washington special to the Herald says: •
5 Within a few weeks a fully organized battalion of Porto Ricans. _H
85 wearing Uncle Sam's uniform, will be performing duty in their native §
6 islands under the direction of American officers. The organization of this g
S3 command was authorized by Secretary Alger, and General Henry di-
$ rected the commanding officers of the ports of San Juan. Ponce. Maya- $
n guez, Arecibo, Aguadilla, Cayey, Humacao, Adjultas. Utuado. Yauco. 28
£* Coamo, San German. Bayamon. Manita, Lares and Aibonlto each to ££
V designate an officer to enlist, eauio and instruct twenty-five men. in- £
•5 eluding one sergeant and two corporals. General Henry recommended 55
c. the enlistment of Porto Ricans because there was little work and a 8
q great deal of restlessness on the island. •?
gf Reports show there is no lack of voulnteers and that more than «
jQ half of the battalion has been enlisted, though some of the towns have •*
£T not yet furnished their Quota of men. In view of the withdrawal of-t<^
P the Nineteenth Infantry from Porto Rica and the fact that there re-, O
£ mained only the Fifth Cavalry, the Eleventh Infantry and three bat- *>
£$ teries of the Fifth Artillery, the equipment of the 400 Porto Ricans as «
£* American lidiers will be a welcome addition to the American force. p
g and enable the commanding general to preserve peace and order In the *^
i» island. i*
B
#\v\v\v' . : .. # , :( ... : .»..;.'.':-%v'.v%C»:>*.'.v'.v # .vVv*.O\O # .O!.o.Siot!*OSiOS*O#
side of the chancel. Rev. Dr. Douglass I
is an occasional preacher in Gi
church, which was offered by the Rev.
. mtington for the ordination. He
lives in Tuxi do Park, N. J.
A simple Ben i rdlng to the
Church, \' through
and then the rites of the ordination In
lance with "the form and manm r
laining priests" were begun. After
a pra; Inglng, Rev. 1".. Doug
lass di livered the In his
uglass spoke slowly and
impressively. At th on of the
sermon ■ ■ v. Dr. Osborne
Then the most impressive moment
arrived. The sponsors went forward
and presented the candidates to
: together
with their shop.
■ • nts had been Drew
md after those present
ing them had given the usual assurance
found
worthy, the bishop rose from his chair
a n<j p neral invitation to
any person knowing "any impediment
the candidates" to
Th- n followed a profound silence.
\ ctlng
up and mak<
No one rose. There was no pn
handed to the blshon and the crucial
Then the regular
formula of ordination was gone through
\\ it h more I lon. Then foil
by the bishop
••-rs and the participa
tion in the communion. During the en
tire communion s< n Ice, the candidates
Ing in front of the holy
bop. The presenta
gone through with. :
Many of the c n participated .
in the communion. During this. Rev.
In the chancel
choir and sat for the first time facing
the i tion, who surveyed him'
with interest. The reading: of the
• v and the re
nal concluded the ceremonies.
Rev. Dr. Bri| after the
my. He said he had nothing to
Fay concerning the criticism raised by
his ordination. He said he was going
dee a rest. A close friend of Dr.
P.riegs said that he would go to EuroDe
and in the fall would labor in the pro
dral church. Rev. Dr. Pad
strange that a man
learning should ta!
much pleasure In laboring among the i
t Side, but this was his !
•wish. He said that Rev. Dr. Rrig-ers
': not give up his position as pro
: In th- Union Theological Semi
nar^ but would labor in connection
with his teachings.
MOVE FOR A GREATER
MERCHANT MARINE
Senator Hanna Submits a Project to ;
the Governors of Western
States.
NEW YORK. May 14.— A Topeka, Kan.,
1 to the Herald Bays: Senator M. A.
Hanna. chairman of the Republican Na
tional • c, has started a mov
which he hopes will result In the resi
tion of th<» American merchant marine to
irrylng America
ports and imports. The movement. If
isful, Mr. Hanna di i lares, would
Americans $20 nually. In
f.rdc-r to make ■ :1 Mr. Hanna
p it out of politics. 11. is
trying to Interest the Governors of
crn States in his plan, in order that
definite action in the matter may be taken
the Trans-Mississippi Commercial
which will meet in Wichita,
Kaii.. this month.
"You will limi among the Pacific Coast
and ■ LTtTcularly and in a
number of in; -." Mr. Hanna
nors, ".i bI rong and
growing drsire to see American ships re
place foreign ships ■ In carrying
onr imports aii'l exports, and to which
country are paying
every y< ■ dollar of
which ;,-"«>-■ to enrich Ur fx
ilitical and
of all a pan tlon. it Is
wholl ■ n, just so
much ■ ment of our rivers
miner
••l: ntertaln these views
.
ou may appoint or
this session of
ercial Con-
GOLD DISCOVERY IN
OLYMPIC MOUNTAINS
Prospector Finds Ore Yielding Twen
; : :-" ty Dollars to the Ton in
Metal.
TACOMA, May 14.— Kor nearly two
years A. L. Mattison, a miner of Port
land, Or., has been quietly prospecting in
the Olympic mountains, which have been
searched unsuccessfully heretofore for
mineral veins. Mattison went deeper into
the mountains than earlier prospectors
and has been rewarded by uncovering
some ledges that are likely to cause big
mining excitement in the Olympic pejiin
sula. His nearest locations are in Elwha
Valley, twelve miles southeast of Port
Angels. He has penetrated ledges with
drifts and tunnels, obtaining ore running
$20 to the ton. One ledge has a width of
200 feet, carrying gold, silver and copper
ore. Mattison has just taken numerous
samples to San Francisco to be assayed.
TOO MUCH GOLD COIN.
Chicago Banks in Need of Bills of
Small Denomination.
NEW YORK, May 14.— A Chicago spe
cial to the Herald Bays: Chicago banks
Ing glutted with gold coin. The
tes Bub-treasury has refused
. y out more small hills for yeliow '
coin, the banks are unable to exchange
it for gold certificates, and so the bank
ers are doing the only thing left for
them— storing in their valuts what they
cannot get rkl of. When the call for
small bills comes in the summer and fall,
the gold will probably wil] have to go
to take the place of paper money, v
th<- Government printing-presses are
started again. One Chicago hank alone
<! In gold coin stored In
Its vaults, where there was only $4,00n.
--000 a year ago, and the hoard is rapidly j
Increasing. This same bank has only be- i
tweeu $2,000,000 and $3,000,000 In small bills, j
FILIPINOS
ARE READY
FOR PEACE
Continued From First Page.
concealed in the bushes on both sides
of the Rio Grande three miles above
Calumpit yesterday afternoon and were
received with heavy volleys at short
range. A Bergeant belonging to the
Utah Battery was killed and one pri
vate wounded.
Opening with their rapid fire guns,
the Americans killed twenty of the na
tives and wounded several others, fill- i
in? the jungle with a hail of shot fur
half an hour until the enemy fled.
TEN SCOUTS DEFEAT
THREE HUNDRED FILIPINOS
MANILA. May 14.— The civilian mem
bers of the United States Philippine
Commission are favorable to the meet
ing with a Filipino Commission which
was suggested yesterday, in behalf of
Aguinaldo, by Lieutenant Rays of the
staff of General Gregerlo del Pilar. who
came to General Lawtun under a flag
of truce with the proposals. It is
thought by the American commission- ■
era that the idea may hay.- resulted
from a recent meeting of the so-called
Filipino congress at San Isidor. Defi
nite information on this point, however.
>t yet be obtained, though the
local Filipino commission, which is in
close communication with the leaders
of in.- rebellion, is doing its best to
■
Ten memhers of General Lawton's
band of scouts under W. M. Young, the
old Indian fighter, entered the town of
San Miguel, about fifteen miles north ;
of Norzagaday, not being aware of
what place it was. They found 200
Filipinos there, but the rebels, taking
! the scouts for the advance of General
I Lawton's army, fleet after firing a few
shots. Young and another Bcout was
wounded, and have been brought to
Manila
The Ninth Infantry and a Montana
battery of six guns have been sent to
th>"' front.
The uniform quiet now prevailing in
Manila has led the authorities to relax
the rule undt-r which the city Btreets
wi-re cleared from < to ?:30. and this
evening there is the largest and most
brilliant assembly of pedestrians and
people in carriages to listen to a band
concert on the Luneta that has 1 n
known here since the Spaniards left.
SPAIN WILL WITHDRAW
TROOPS FROM PHILIPPINES
MADRID, May 14.— Senor Don Francis- j
co Bilvela, the Spanish Premier, in an in
terview to-day regarding the attack by
the Filipinos upon the Spanish garrison
at Zamboanga, island of Mindanao, in
which two Spanish officers and three men
were wounded and one man killed, said:
"It is very painful to us to have sus
tained these losses in a territory which
dr.es not belong to US. We left these
troops in the Philippines in the hope that
they might aid in securing the release of
the Spanish prisoners in the hands of the
Filipinos. Our efforts in this direction
have been fruitless. Aguinaldo refusi
with us, and a Frenchman (,M. Du
marais) who had offered on our behalf
tn treat with the enemy, was killed by
them.
"America has not yet succeeded, as she
has no more authority than we had. We
ol leave troops any longer In a ter
ritory that we are obliged to defend, and
I ha ■ .1 1 Rios to use
three steamers for the Immediate trans
portation of our troops from Zamboanga
and V.ilo and to acquaint Major General
with those Instructions, bo that the
American commander may possess the
territory we art- abandoning. "
Filipino committee has issued a
manifesto to the press declaring "that
the Filipino Government" will reject all
tiatlons for peace on the part of the
Americans based upon any scheme of au
tonomy and will demand that the United
- fulfill the engagement made before
the declaration of war with Spain. The
manifesto denied that General Antonio
Luna has surrendered, and asserts that
Major.-General Lawton is routed and that
! the hospitals are "full of Americans,"
I hundreds of whom are Insubordinate.
IN SYMPATHY WITH
THE ADMINISTRATION
MINNEAPOLIS, May 14.— One of the I
! largest gatherings ever seen In this city J
j to-day adopted resolutions in sympathy |
I with the administration of affairs in con
, nection with the Philippines. The names
j of President McKinley and Dewey were ;
the echo several times during j
the afternoon. President Northrup of the
University of Minnesota was one of the
principal speakers. He handled without ;
j gloves the college professors and presi
who have recently made themselves
promlni nt by reason of their criticisms
. : President McKinley's course in the
Philippines, and declared that the. Presi
dent was doing only what could be done
in justice to all mankind.
FOR ENGLISH LITERATURE.
Endowment of a Chair by Catholic
Knights of America.
WASHINGTON, May 14.-The Right
Rev, Monslgnor Zonaty, rector of the
Catholic University of America, received
a telegram on Saturday night from Kan
-1 in, informing him that the Cathollo
Knights of America at their convention
had voted unanimously to endow a chair
;tt the Catholic University. This is likely
to be the chair of English literature
This fiction n-f the Catholic Knighti
• ■(i with great satisfaction at
ihe university, as it is th>- second chair
endowment this year, the Knights of Co
lumbus having agreed to endow the chair
of American history. This makes in all
seventeen chairs endowed since the estab
lishment of the university.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
FORMER NEGRO
SLAVES DUPED
Victims of a Gig-antic
Fraud.
THOUSANDS GIVE UP MONEY
TOLD THEY ARE ABOUT TOjBE
PENSIONED.
Willingly Contribute Twenty-Five
Cents Each to Have Their
Names Placed on
the Lists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 14.— A Washiner
ton special to the Herald says:
Thousands of colored men in this coun
try are being induced to believe that |
they are to be pensioned by the United i
States Government upon being: able to i
show that they were formerly slaves.
The promoters of this scheme have been
at work for several years and it is
estimated that more than $150,000 has
been collected by those having the pro
ject in hand.
The matter came to the surface
through some correspondence .between ]
a colored preacher and a United States !
Senator. The preacher told the Sena
tor that many colored people in his
State had been assessed to defray the
expenses of obtaining proposed legisla- ]
tlon. The Senator, who is one of the j
most influential members of that body, j
instituted an investigation, and this is
the substance of what he reported to !
the colored divine:
During the last ten years the Ex- j
Slave Mutual Relief, Bounty and. Pen- I
sion Association of the United States j
of America has sent agents f o every !
State in the Union for the .rpose of
i locating all former slaves. These
■ former slaves are told that legislation
is now pending before Congress to give
them these pensions: Persons seventy ]
years old or mure to receive $500 and
| $15 a month, persons sixty years old to
; receive $300 and $S a month, persons
i less than fifty years to receive $4 a
'. month. All supposed beneficiaries of
\ the proposed legislation are required to
i pay the association 25 cents as a resris-
I tration fee. It is said that more than
! 600,000 former slaves have been reeis
| tered.
The circular sent out by the associa
i tion calls attention to the bill to per
' sion former slaves introduced in the
i House of Representatives on June 24.
; 1890, by then Representative Connell of
! Nebraska. In the Fifty-fourth Con
' gress Senator Thurston introduced the
' Connell bill in the Senate. The circular
; calls especial attention to th«:> fart that
i the hill "passed two readings and was
I referred to the pension committee."
To those who are not familiar with
the parliamentary proceedings of Sen
ate "passed to the second reading"
sounds like making considerable pro
greSß. As a matter of fact the Connell
j bill, or a similar measure, has been in
; troduced at every session of Congress
; during the last ten years and Bent to
i pensions committee, but never' con
i sidered. _____________
ADVANCE GUARD OF
DELEGATES ARRIVES
Knights of Pythias Pour Into Santa
Cruz to Attend the Grand
Lodge.
SANTA CRUZ, May 14.— Santa Cruz is
ready to receive the Knights of Pythias
and Rathbone Sisters, who are to arrive
to-morrow. They will receive the hospi
tality for which this city is noted. The
local Knights have been been at work,
and have left nothing undone in the way
of arranging for a good time for their
visiting brethren.
The sessions of the Grand Lodge will be
held at the Armory, a spacious building,
and the sessions of the Grand Temple of
the Rathbone Sisters at the Masonic Hall.
A number of tin- Knights have already
arrived, but the majority will arrive to
morrow. They will be mot at the train
by a brass band and a reception commit
| tee with ex-Lieutenant Governor W. T.
Jeter as chairman.
In the evening a floral feto will be held
at the Armory, and there will be a recep
tion and promenade concert Addr<
and music will be features < ' the pro-
I gramme.
SELLS VEGETABLES AND
FRUIT TO YUKONERS
Speculator Makes a Perilous Winter
Trip and Clears Large
Profits.
TACOMA, May 14.— Frank Killen caused
surprise o/i Puget Sound several months
ago by purchasing twenty tons of pota
toes, eggs, apples, oranges and lemons
and starting with th^m for Dawson in
mid-winter. They were carefully packed
in rotton batting, but it was believed the
entire lot would be frozen. A letter just
received from Killen says he reached the
foot of Lake Lebarge safely, having
transported his outfit over white I
nnd down the lakes with hnrses purchased
at Bkaguay. H<> found such a demand for
green stuffs along thp tntil that he opened
a store at Lebargo and is rapidly selling
out. He gets $1.50 a dozen for eggs, 2o
cents each for apples and higher prices
for oranges and lemons.
Monterey's Historic Seal.
MONTEREY. May 14.— An interesting
bit of municipal history was brought to
light in the trial of the suit of the city
of Monterey vs. David Jacks for posses
sion of what Is known as the Mont* r> y
pueblo lands, that closed In the Superior
Court of this county last week. E. L. Wil
liams, now of Santa Cruz, gave in the
course of his testimonw a description of
the first seal adopted by the Ayunta- ■
miento (Common Council) of Monterey
City and the manner in which it was
used. The seal was a round piece of
brass, without the present lever attach
ment, and was designed to make impres
sions on sealing -wax. The seal was
adopted on April 10. IS.V), at a time when
the present seals for impressing the paper
Itself wore unheard of. The old seal is '■
still used by the Monterey city offli ials,
but IS now mounted in a modern ma
chine, with the usual lever attachment
and leaden die for making the impression
direct upon the paper.
Falls Over a Balustrade.
CHICAGO, May 14.— Donald McLean, a
Western railroad promoter, fell over the
balustrade on the fourth floor of the
Palmer House this afternoon, landing on
the stone flagging two floors below. His
injuries resulted in death. McLean was
tlO years old.
Sandstorm at Visalia.
VTSALiIA. May 14.— A sandstorm of
unusual violence broke over this city at
5 o'clock this afternoon. The skies were
darkened and the wind blew threatening
ly. It was the worst storm of the kind In
several years. _•
Manitou Park Hotel Burned.
idI.ORADO SPRINGS, Colo., May 14.—
The Manitou Park Hotel and Casino,
which were to have been opened for the
season June Ist, have been destroyed by
fire. The loss Is estimated at $50,000, [
CRITICIZES THE
INSANITY BOARD
Sequel to an Asylum
Suicide.
MRS. BERRILL'S COMPLAINT
THINKS THE OFFICIALS ACTED !
TOO HASTILY.
Says They Should Have Discovered ;
That Her Husband's Hania
Tended Toward Self-
Destruction.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, May 14.— Mrs. Grace Ber
rill of Fruitvale charges that undue
haste on the part of Judge Carroll
Cook and Drs. LustU and Reithers to
commit her husband, C. L. Berrill, to
the Stockton Insane Asylum, together
with negligence on the part of the
management of St. Luke's Hospital, Is
responsible for her widowhood. She
will demand an investigation of the
commitment by the State Lunacy Com
mission and may bring civil and crim
inal actions against those she declares
are at fault. Mrs, Berrill has engaged
Attorney John G. Jury of this city, and
he has been investigating for the past
ten days.
Berrili was a bookkeeper in the
Wells-Fargo Bank in San Francisco
for a number of years. He overworked
himself, and about April 1 was com- I
pelled to take a vacation. On Friday,
April 28, he returned to his home in bad
mental condition. His hallucinations
turned to electrical subjects and he
searched in every conceivable place to
find batteries. After supper he started
from home for San Francisco, but his
wife detained him. Berrill attempted
! suicide by strychnine and later threat
ened to jump from a ferryboat.
Mrs. Berrill decided to take her hus
-1 band to St. Luke's Hospital, and at
I about 9 o'clock that evening she left j
! her husband there. A nurse was hired
to sit up with him and temporary ar
, rangements made. She was to have
called the next day and perfect details,
i If any change occurred in the mean
time, she says, she was to have been
notified.
At about midnight Berrill became
violent and attacked the attendant
with a knife. Dr. Van Dyke, in charge
, of the hospital, called the police and
! had Berrill removed to the Receiving
itaL He was booked as insane.
Mrs. Berrill says she was not notified.
At 11 o'clock the next morning Berrill
I was taken before Judge Cook and after
an examination committed to the
I Stockton asylum. Doctors Lustig and
Iteithers were the examining physl
< inns. Dr. Van Dyke, the widow al
leges, was the only witness examined,
although her address was known. The i
commitment stated that Berrill was
■ possessed of homicidal tendencies. Mrs.
I Berrill claims that had she been n>
, tified her testimony would have proved |
that the tendencies were suicidal and
not homicidal.
On a Saturday afternoon Berrill was j
i taken to Stockton, and the following
I Sunday night committed suicide by
; hanging himself to a bedpost. The
widow charges that the haste of the
Judge and the physicians was respon
sible for his death, for had she been
summoned she would have proved he |
was possessed of a desire to kill him
self and the asylum authorities would
have taken precautions to guard
against it.
The widow alleges that the manner
:in which Berrlll's body was shipped
from Stockton was inhuman and bar
barous. When the casket was opened
at his home in the presence of the fam
ily the body was stark naked, she de
clares, and on top of it had been
thrown some old underclothing. At
torney Jury says the blame for this
Hop between Stockton and Oakland un
: dertakers. ,
FEDERATION
DENOUNCES
MERRIAM
Continued From First Page.
1
,
1
:
:
i
Standard probably will adapt a similar
course. The question of Importing miners
to operate them has been considered, but
the proposal has been turned down, No
imported labor may bo looked for. Here j
in Warflner a suspension of work on the
Last Chance also may be expected. The
property is working about 100 union men,
and practically none have applied for a
working permit. The Last Chance with
the mines up Canyon Creek doubtless will I
be summarily closed down by the military j
authorities. , _
The work of const ructinc the Bunker
Hill mill is going rapidly ahead. Most of
the debris has been cleared away, ana it
has been found that the damage was
much less than had been expected. Ihe
strikers, with all day on their hands and
3000 pounds of powder, were too swift in
distributing their dynamite, and instead
of blowing the mill to atoms they still left
much valuable machinery standing. Al
ready a fac simile of the old seventy-drill
compresser has been ordered and will be
rushed through. About 120 men are at
work rebuilding the mill. One hundred
are taking out shipping ore at the mine
and thirty are driving the new long tun
■Jiel.
♦
ANTI-TAMMANY CLUBS.
Chicago Platform Democrats Organ
izing in New York.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The preliminary
Steps toward the formation of an anti-
Tammany organization which William J.
Bryan is expected to recognize as the real
Democratic party in this city were taken
to-night. A committee of twenty Chica
j go platform Democrats was appointed to
perfect organization in every Assembly
district in Manhattan, and the auuounce
ment was made that an organization by
Assembly districts already had been made
j in Brooklyn.
Politicians who have been awaiting the
results of the recent visit of Mr. Bryan
to this city, anu of the later visit of for
mer Governor William J. Stone, see in
to-night's action the sequel to the Bryan
dinners last month. The starting of a
systematic movement to form a new par
ty organization here is regarded as the
natural result of Mr. Bryan's refusal to
attend the $10 dinner of the Democratic
! Club and of his presence at the $1 dinner
' of the Chicago platform Democrats.
Peace Congress Rules.
LONDON, May 14.— A dispatch to the
; Daily Mail from St. Petersburg says: Ac
cording to the programme nrepared f'>r
the forthcoming conference at The Hague,
one vote will be permitted to each dele
gation on every proposal submitted to
■ ballot, and this will be cast by the chief
J representative of each country.
GOOD MEN PUT
UP FOR MAYOR
Municipal Campaign in
Stockton.
CANDIDATES ARE VERY ACTIVE
• \ i
THEIR CANVASS FREE FROM
;1v PERSONAL ABUSE.
Issues Involving the Progress of the
City Are to Be Decided in the
Battle at the
Polls.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. May 14.-The closing days
of the local municipal campaign are char
acterized by great activity in behalf of
the respective nominees. I Both the Re
publican and Democratic nominees are
good men. W. Bruce Harrison, the Demo
cratic candidate for Mayor, Is a man of
high character and ability, but his candi
dacy Is recognized to be weak inasmuch
as he Is manager for a corporation and all
of his nearest interests are linked with
the exclusive business community on the
waterfront. As the sentiment In behalf of
a Stockton harbor and a canal to tide
water is growing daily, and the voters do
not believe Mr. Harrison is in sympathy
with these ideas on account of his busi
ness connections, his personal standing is
not sufficient to overcome the prejudice.
Mr. Harrison is not an office seeker and
did not enter the campaign through any
Inclination of his own.
The Republican convention put up an
| equally good man In George W. Lang
i ridge. Mr. Langridge Is a young mer
chant with advanced ideas on municipal
matters and has come out with a positive
advocacy of certain projects which are
not only of Interest to Stockton but the
entire State as well. The Stockton Har
bor project provides for certain dredging
and "cut offs" which will make a harbor
one-fifth of a mile square, where now
there is only the shallow slough. Mr.
Langridge says on this subject:
The water front Is the key to our city's great
ness. It should be improved, . but not in such
j a manner or under such restrictions that a few
j shall receive exclusive advantages, or that ex
isting corporate interests shall hamper pro
gress. Throueh the foresight of our earlier i
officials our water front has not been given
away to private corporations and still remains
the property of the city, and If properly devel
oped under a broad and generous policy will
bring to our doors mercantile, shipping and
manufacturing interests of vast proportions.
In reference to the canal to tide water
he says:
According: to recent estimates a canal to deep
water from Stockton Channel can be built for
about $350,000. Such an enterprise would make
our city a grain center rivaling any in the
world; would bring capital to our doors; would
furnish employment for labor; would dispose
of the differentials, and, following the results
obtained elsewhere, would not add a cent to
the tax rate. The Manchester canal cost ex
ceeded $75,000,000, and not one cent was added
to the tax rate, owing to the consequent lnfluex
of capital and large Increase of population.
A popular chord is struck by the follow
ing declaration:
Municipal ownership of the public utilities,
especially water and public light, is a matter
of vital importance to this community. I be
lieve that the water supply is too close to the
people's lives, too vital a necessity to be left
in the hands of any private corporation. Every
i inhabitant of this city la entitled to receive an
adequate sudplv of pure, wholesome water,
furnished absolutely at cost. At the same time
regard must be had for vested private inter
; ests. I shall use my very best effort to have
! this question submitted to the people for their
decision by ballot. >
Mr. Harrison has not defined his posi
tion on any of these subjects. The cam
paign is entirely free from personal abuse
and the result will depend more upon the
i principles Involved than upon the men,
. as both nominees stand high in the public
favor. \i _, ■
Another feature is the presence of a So
cialist ticket in the field and some interest
is felt as to how large a vote will be
polled. Ross I. But-11. the mayorality
nominee of the Section, is a brother of
P. A. Buell, the lumber dealer and plan-
Ing mill owner.
TRAPDOORS IN WALKS
DECLARED A NUISANCE
Owners of Property and Not the Ten
ants Are Responsible for Any
Accidents.
STOCKTON, May 14.— The instructions
given on Thursday by Judge Budd to the
jury in the case of E. A. Rider vs. Clark,
Henery and Wood, defendants, for $7600
claimed as damages, will be of general in
terest to property-owners throughout the
State. The facts are briefly as follows:
Defendants Clark and Henery two years
ago constructed a modern three-story
building on their premises in this city and
surrounded it with the latest improved
concrete sidewalk. Upon the sidewalk
they erected two iron doors leading into
the basement, and then leased one of
the stores to a tenant, Defendant "Wood,
who had full charge, possession and con
trol.
E. A. Rider was an extraman in the
employ of the Stockton Fire Department.
Last November, responding to an alarm,
he ran down Sutler street. Wood was
using the doors In the sidewalk, which,
when open, stood twenty-four inches
above the walk. Rider did not see ihe
doors. He ran ngainst them, fell into
the opening, losing several teeth and be
ing otherwise injured.
t'minsel for the defendants submitted
sixteen instructions to the court, all of
which were refused, including an instruc
tion to the effect that under certain con
ditions if warranted by the evidence, the
lury might find a verdict in favor of
plaintiff and against the tenant, Wood,
and might also find in favor of the de
fendant owners, Clark and Henery, as
against the plaintiff. The court virtually
instructed the jury that sidewalk doors
when open were virtually a nuisance per
se for which the owners of the building
were liiable. The jury found a verdict
against all of the defendants in the sum
of $1000.
A motion for a new trial will be made,
and if denied, the case will be appealed to
the Supreme Court by reason of the fact
that a great principle of law is involved
affecting every property-owner in cities in
this State. If the instructions given to
the jury be correct, then the owners of
all modern buildings, having sidewalk
doors will be compelled to cement and
close the doors unless they stand guard
in order to prevent loss by reason of care
lessness or negligence on the part of ten
ants.
Did Not Murder Her Husband.
GEORGETOWN, Colo., May 14.— The
trial of Mrs. Jane Fish, accused of having
murdered her husband, Gaylord Fish, by
chloroforming him while he slept, ended
in her acquittal. The murder charge was
made by the Woodmen of the World,
from which order Mrs. Fish sought to col
lect insurance on her husband's life.
Benefit for Parson Harris.
NEW YORK, May 14.— Rev. James H.
W. Harris, formerly of Oakland, Cal.,
was given a benefit at Wallack's Theater
this evening. The gathering was small
and many of the performers failed to ap
pear. At the close Mr. Harris, clad in
clerical garb, thanked the audience for
its attendance and expressed his sorrow
at the fact that all those announced had
not taken part.
Flower's Memory Honored.
ALBANY. May 14.— Governor Roosevelt
to-night issued a proclamation on the
death of Ropwell P. Flower. After eulo-
Kiting the ex-Governor, the proclamation
asks that all flags on public buildings be
displayed at half-mast until Wednesday,
the 17th, and that the citizens of the State
unite in appropriate marks of respect to
his memory.
FALSE REPORT OF
CLEVELAND'S DEATH
F^umor GaiQS Currency That tf)e
Ex-President Died While
Fishing.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 14.— 1n some manner a rumor that ex-Presi
dent Cleveland had died while on a fishing jaunt at Middle Bass Island
gained currency this afternoon, and to-night the telegraph offices here
and at other lake points were swamped with messages asking for infor
mation. For hours it was impossible to get news from the island to re
lieve the anxiety. Finally, at 11 o'clock to-night, the steamer State of
New York arrived, and Harry Scribner, a prominent attorney of this
city, who was with Mr. Cleveland at 4 o'clock, reported that the ex-
President was enjoying good health at that time.
PRINCETON, N. J., May 14.— A telegram has reached Mrs. Grover
Cleveland from Sandusky, Ohio, stating that Mr. Cleveland is all right.
A special from Sandusky says the steamer Arrow arrived at 10:50 from
the island. The captain said he saw Mr. Cleveland at 9 o'clock to-night.
He was then alive and well.
DENIES THAT Y\E IS DEAD.
TOLEDO O. May 14. — The special tug: sent to Middle Bass Isla.id
last night to 'confirm or deny the rumor of the :.::. of ex-President
Cleveland reached Sandusk - a few r.-.1.-vtes before 2 o'clock. Mr. Cleve
land is alive and very well indeed. When informed of the rum >rs of
his death he was much provoked and said: "It is simply absurd." He
turned around and walked into the clubht use.
HAS FAITH IN
GENERAL GOMEZ
Rumors Do Not Alarm
Brooke.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 14.— General Gomez has
sent a message to Governor General
P.rooke that he will call at headquarters
to-morrow for a further conference re
garding the payment of the Cuban troops.
The appointment for the interview is the
result of a direct inquiry as to what Gen
eral Gomez intended to do in view of
the resignation and non-appearance of
all the Cuban officers nominated by him |
to represent the several corps in the dis
tribution of the $3,000,000.
General Brooke, it is said, has deter
mined to disregard for the present the i
reports that reach him from various j
sources as to the alleged intention of j
Gomez to withdraw his co-operation and
thus throw into confusion the careful'y
matured plans for distributing the lund.
It la believed that the personal interview
I to-morrow ought to adjust the matter
j and to point the way out of the ter
n: porary perplexity. He is unwilling to
i consider Gomez as insincere or as acting
in bad faith. The Governor General, how-
I ever, still retains the discretion. reposed in
i him by President McKinley to abandon
; the effort to disband the late insurgents
' with the gratuity and to send back the
j enttre amount to the United States.
The Cuban General Rafael Rodriguez,
speaking for General Gomez to-day, said
the reports of a difference with General
Brooke were absolutely untrue. The at
-1 tltude of Gomez, he declared, had under
; gone no change, and the principal gen
erals of the Cuban army, as well as the
rank and file, continued to support Go
i mfz as they always had. He explained
! that all the talk about a revolt in the
army against the surrendering of the
\ anna was the work of members of the
i former military assembly, "a group of
1 malcontents behind Manuel Sanguilly,
! who can give considerable trouble."
A report is in circulation this evening
i that the Cuban Colonel Agurdina. who
has been employed in the preparation of
the Cuban army lists, has been detected
padding the rolls so as to defraud the
distributors. The military authorities,
however, deny the report.
General Gomez called upon friends in
Havana to-day and attended services in
1 memory of Captain Esvironde. who was
! killed two years ago at Cienfuegos.
MAJOR MARCHAND TO
BE WARMLY WELCOMED
Frenchmen Glad to Find Some Army
Officers Who Deserve
Homage.
Sperial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, May 14.— Pari shad a brief scarp
this week owing to the publication of the
report that Major Marcharul, now on his
way from Harrar to Djibouti, had been
assassinated. It is true that the report
did not meet with general credence
and was soon denied, yet the
incident served to bring to light the
warm feelings with which Frenchmen
regard the heroic explorer. His return to
France is exciting intense interest
throughout the country. Marehand will
probably reach France in the second
week in June. His mission is due at
Djibouti about the 20th, but already tele
graphic Invitations to receptions and
banquets are being showered upon him.
The Cercle Militaire has just received
Marchand's acceptance of an invitation
to a grand military fete to be held in his
honor in Paris. The general impression ob
tained from editorials of the Paris papers
is that Frenchmen, feeling that certain i
prominent army officers -have not shown to ;
advantage in the Dreyfus case, are glad
of an opportunity of honoring before the
world an officer of whom they can be
justly proud. Another officer who is
"likely to profit from this state of the
public mind is General Gallien). now on
his way home from Madagascar, where
his energetic, soldierlike administration
has done much for the colony and has
provoked the admiration of his country
men.
GOLD FOUND BURIED
ON A MISER'S LAND
SUISUN, May 14.— A few weeks as"
William Cook, a pioneer resident of B'^s
Landing, surprised his neighbors by join
ing the ranks of the Benedicks. H4 was
75 years of age and his bride 35. A few
days after the ceremony Cook contracted
a severe cold and soon passed a*'ay- The
day before his death he made a will be- j
queathing his entire estate to his wife.
Cook had for many years b<?en a miser,
and at the time of his demise he was i
thought to be worth $25,00*". Mrs. Cook
has applied for letters t.stamentary on
the estate. Before his death Cook in
formed his friends of a box he had se
creted 100 yards from his residence This
was found to contain notes for 5* and
$130 in cash. He left a ranch valued at
$•1000 the total value of the estate so far
as known being $10,000. It is thought
Cook must have had another secret place
wherein he deposited money.
ORDERED TO ALASKA.
Company of Colored Soldiers Goes to
Northern Posts.
VANCOUVER. May 14.-Company L,
Twenty-fourth Infantry (colored), from
Vancouver barracks, left this evening for
Seattle from which point it will leave for
Alaska' on the 15th inst. Fi£*y-six men,
under command of Captain Henry W. Ho
vev will take station at Dyea, relieving
CaVtain R. T. Yeatman and Company H,
Fourteenth Infantry, and forty-nine men
under Lieutenant J. C. Jenks will proceed
to Fort Wrangel. relieving Captain Bo
eardus Eldredge and Company B, Four
teenth Infantry. These companies of the '
Fourteenth Infantry will proceed to join
their regiment In the Philippine Islands.
Lieutenant Colonel W. Davis, formerly
adjutant general and acting Inspector
general of the Department of the Colum
bia, has received orders to join his regi
ment, the Eighth Cavalry, in Cuba.
REFUSED TO BUY DRINKS.
Father of Two Well-Known Baseball
Players Murdered.
CHICAGO, May 14.— Henry Reitz, a jani
tor at the Jefferson School, at Elburn ave
nue and Laflin street, refused to buy
drinks with two men whom he met in a
saloon to-day, and as a consequence a
short time later he was struck a fatal
blow by one of his companions. He was
found unconscious by two policemen, and
died in a few minutes without making any
statement. Reitz was the father of Henry
P Reitz, second baseman of the Pitts
burg ball club, and of Edward R. Reitz.
Becond baseman of the Sacramento (Cal.)
ball club.
Ashore in Lake St. Peter.
MONTREAL. May 14.— Th j Allan line
steamship Gallia went ashore this after
noon in Lake St. Peter. The steamer is
resting easily on a mud bottom and the
tugs and lighters sent down to her are
expected to get her off early to-morrow.
There is a large number of passengers oh
board.
Jeffries Umpires a Ball Game.
NEW YORK, May 14.— Over at Wee
hawken, N. J., to-day 2000 persons saw
the West New York Field Club team de
feat the All-Collejdate nine by a score of
9 to 3. "Jim" Jeffries rendered decisions
on base plays, and it is needless to say
that his rulings were never disputed.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
April freezes
"There Is no fragrance in April breezes.
Till breathed with joy as they wander by."
The fragrance of life is
vigor and strength, neither of
'which can be found in (a per-
son 'whose blood is impure,
'whose every breath speaks
of internal troubles andhvhose
skin shouts that the blood is
outof'kelter."
America's Greatest Spring Medicina
is Hood's Sarsaparilla, which purifies,;
vitalizes and enriches the blood, gives,
a good appetite and makes the weak!
strong.
Run Down— "l was all run down and
had a dreadful tired feeling. I am grate-
ful to say Hood's Sarsaparilla made 1114
as good as new." MRS. MARY AVERY,
West Stafford, Conn.
Spring 1 Tired— "That excellent blood,
purifier and tonic. Hood's Sarsaparillal !
made me well of that distressing tired I
feeling that comes in spring time. r ORA. 9
E. MORGAN, Busey, 111.
Eczema —"Entirely cured and no re^
turn of my eczema. It was Hood's Sar-i
paparilla that punned my blood. Hood*
Pills are my favorite for biliousness."
GEO. W. BURGESS, Aver, Mass.
Hood's Fills cure liver ills: the non-lrrltatlns
■nd only cathartic to take with Hood's 6arsa-
carllla.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF ANATOMY^
A C% 1051 ST. let. 6±47th, S.F.CjI. , i
■\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \ ...
B <ss%9n. World. Weaknesses or any contracted M
ffi? .ft disease p»»itl»clyc«r«>4hy the oldest T
% |5g Ml Speuiiiiton the Ccuut. Est 3« years, {
A &Wv\ DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
A Iwwl Consultation free and stnrtijr pHvate \
B I iSWH Trriimcnt perjonally or by letter. A 6
\ AWSi If PosUne Cure in every case undertaken. T
A* I II A Write for Book. PHII.OSiOFHir of A
f I / P IHAIIRI AUK. MAILED FREE. (Af
A & ll' valuable h»k for mm) \
V »R. JOHDAX<tfO.. 1051 Market St. .B. F. W
/*£& F "° T mTu^ If IT A I IC
feiJl^ ill ALIu
THE NEW
htDay. tsm^^A% ' 44© ay cpciipu
c-p-t?r 10th D»y. -i*- -'yhk SL rnCHvlfii
vi Tii 15 -oth;>.y. /[& Day. Dcycnv k.
P V< A" E.S THE ABOTK 30th Day. II bHI C II I■> >.
HFil'lTS. It quickly 4 sorely removes Nerroii»nes«.lmpotfncY
Nghtly Emission,. Evil Dreams W«ting Di««e» »nd .11 effect
*t l elf.»buMOr«c«»andiad,Kr.tion. Restores Lout Vitiljtr
Power »nd Pailinr Memory. Ward, off Inanity «nd Co n< , Oln
tion. Cure* when ■!! others fall. Insist on having TIT \IJ (S
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. BymailVllotJ
per psekaje orsix for 95. 00 with a guaranty to Cure °* -
Kefiind the Money. Circular Fr«e. Address
CALUMET CL'RE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chlo»««
Sold by Owl Drue Co., B. F. and Oakland.
sw^^Vv^ WHEN YOU
Require an E-cC-
KiaftkiZL^38 trie belt ! "Dr.
'T^sBm?^&^ Pierces" and you will
J x not be disappointed.
-TEyvT 1 Call or address PIERCS
1 ' ELECTRIC CO., 620
Kark* (opp. Maet Hots), S. F.
DR.MCNULTY.
n^nrs WELL-KNOWN AND reliable OLD
i SpeciulistcurMPrivnte. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free.' Over 20 'm' experience.
Pntlen tscuredai Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 8 dally to MO ev'ifs. Sumift vs. in to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly con tidentfal. Cull, or address
P. KOBCUR McNULTY, M.D.
2ft 1 2 Rearny St., San Francisco. CrL
lA/. T. HESS.
HOTABY POBLIO AND ATTOHNET-Ar LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Clans Spreckela Bide
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell
fan Francisco. «<"=u, j
Weak Men and Women *
fiHOUU) UBJfi DAMIANA BITTJCRH Tfcik!
great Mexican remedy; g,\c-s health
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 MarkiuPARTITION
OF CHINA IS
APPROACHING
In His New Book Beresford
Predicts the Break-Up
of the Empire.
GRAB OF THE NATIONS
Unless "Open Door" Polioy Ib En
tered the Kingdom Will Soon
Be Absorbed by Europe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
" . ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
\± LONDON, May 15.— The morn- . ♦
■♦■ Ing papers all devote space to +
+ the new book of Rear Admiral ♦
♦ . Lord Charles Beresford. "The ♦
♦ Breaking Up of China," which is ♦
= ■♦• regarded as timely in view of ♦
. '"+ the newß from Shanghai and ♦
. ■f Peking. The Morning Post, ♦
•♦■ which approves many of the au- ♦
+ thor's proposals, says, however, *
•♦• that a triple alliance between ♦
; . •¥' Great Britain, the United States • -f
♦ and Japan, such as Lord Beres- ♦
." •+ ford suggests, is impracticable, ♦
♦ as "the United States would not ♦
♦ • commit itself to a policy involv- ♦
♦ ing a hypothetical pledge to use ♦
■♦■ force against Russia." +
"-' + ' The Dally Telegraph, on the ♦
♦ other hand, thinks that Russia ♦
+ would not be likely to foster ♦
•♦• such a coalition against her. ♦
♦ ♦
NEW YORK. May 14.— Lord Charles
Beresford's new book, "The Break-Up
of China," just issued, marks a new
epoch In the much-discussed question
of trade in the far East, because for
the first time the people of the United
f States have set before them a calm,
straightforward statement of the situ
ation in the East to-day, of the diffl-
A rulties that beset the foreign merchant
In China, and of the close connection
that exists there between diplomatic
and political affairs.
Lord Beresford visited the principal
cities alone: the Chinese coast. After
making inquiries, receiving opinions
and talking with British, American and
German merchants in the different
oities, he is of the opinion that unless"
the policy of "The Open Door" is en
■ forced in China in the near future, it is
more than probable that the Chinese
Empire will be completely broken up
and partitioned among the European
powers. The "sphere-of-influence"
method of partitioning China is, in his
opinion, dangerous, since it constantly
causes international complications
which disturb trade. To-day France,
Germany and Russia are all in posses
sion of certain portions of the Chinese ;
Empire, each of which portion is under '
what is called the "influence" of its
government— that is, trade with that
particular territory is limited to
Frenchmen, Germans or Russians, as ,
the case may be. If this policy is en
larged, there are many difficulties like- |
ly to follow, not the least of which will ,
be strained relations between the Eu- j
ropean powers, not only in regard to
commerce and trade, but in the matters j
of bound. and of government. On
the other hand, If the integrity of the
Chinese Empire Is maintained, and the
<• ntire country thrown open to the trade |
* <.f all nations, the resources of China
are likely to benefit the whole world.
The author's recommendation is that
some method be adopted by which the j
Chinese army shall be organized under
one head, drilled and trained by Euro
pean officers and fitted to maintain or
der and protect personal property and
life, whether of foreigners or natives,
within the empire, and that the mer
chants of any or all nations be allowed
equal rights to carry on commerce and
trade with all others as in the civilized
countries of the earth. He sees less
need for the Increase and training of
the navy, as the difficulties and hind
rances to commerce in China to-day are
internal rather than external. These
hindrances are classified by the reports
received from Chinese officials and for-,
eign residents under the general heads
of antiquated Chinese systems of du
ties and tolls exacted on all the rivers
running from one province to another
and along the coast- the extraordinary
amount of piracy which flourishes on
all the waterways; the difficulty of re
ceiving fair treatment at the hands of
the Chinese inhabitants, who distrust
' any plans for Increasing trade, and the
political complications arising from the
control of special territories by Euro
pean powers. __
CABINET OF ITALY
AS RECONSTRUCTED
Bignor Pietro Carmine Selected to
Take the Portfolio of
Finance.
m ROilß. May H.— King Humbert to-day
A -wed the selections for the recon
structed Cabinet made by General Pel
leux. The new Mini&try will be made up
!n accordance with the original nomina
tions cabled last Thursday, except that
Slgnor Pietro Carmine will take the port
folio of finance and Slpnor Salandra will
take that of agriculture, industry and
■lerce instc-ad of the finance port
for which he was named at llr.st.
Ministry of Posts and Telegraph goes
to Slgnor Islnliano. The reconstructed
cabinet is made up with the following
retribution of portfolios:
Premier and Minister of the Interior—
lieutenant General Luigi Pelleux. Sena
to.
Minister of Foreign Affairs— Marquis
Emilio Visconti Venosta, Senator.
Minister of War- lieutenant General
Mini, commander of the Sixth Army
f'orps and thf Rolngna military division.
Minister of Marjne-Rear Admiral G. B.
Rr>ttolo, commander of the Levant squad-
Minister of Finance— Slgnor Pietro Car
mine, deputy.
Minister of Public Works— Slgnor Pietro
Lacava, deputy.
Minister of Public Instruction— Dr.
tJuido Bacceli, deputy.
Minister of the Treasury— Professor
Paoll Bosselli, deputy.
Minister of Agriculture, Commerce and
Industry — Slgnor Antonio Salandra,
deputy.
Minister of Posts and Telegraphs— Sig
nor Islnliano.
Too Small for Training Ships.
NEW YORK, May 14.-A Washington
gpecial to the Herald says: Under in
structions given by Secroatry Long, the
Annapolis and Vickaburg are to
Jkk placed out of commission and refitted
for service as gunboats instead of train-
Ing ships. Experience has demonstrated
that these Vessels are too small for train-
Ing service and their places will be taken
>n this service by the Monongahela on the
Atlantic Coast and the Hartford and 4>en
■acola In Pacific waters.
BOERS PREPARE TO
FIGHT ENGLAND
| Strategic Points Fortified and
Burghers Ready to Take
| the Field.
# JOHANNESBURG. May 14.— The work of fortifying the redoubts and •
♦5 the hill tops at points of strategic importance is progressing rapidly. **
S LONDON. May 14.— The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily Mall Si
0; says: At a meeting of the commandants on the western border of the 8S
P? Transvaal yesterday (Saturday) instructions were issued to the burghers S
c» to prepare to take the field at a moment's notice. The negotiations are «
« still nending for the proposed meeting between President Kruger and Sir g
2 Alfred Milded, Governor of CaDe Colony. &
a Mr. Chamberlain. British Colonial Secretary.it is said, will not assent § j
§ to the conference unless the Transvaal executive pledges himself to jjj
188 initiate bona fide reforms.
GREW GOES DOWN
WITH A SCHOONER
The Nelson Founders in
Lake Superior.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAUI/T STE. MARIE, Mich.. May 14.—
The schooner Nelson, deeply laden with
a cargo of coal, foundered in Lake; Supe
rior, off Grand Marais, last evening and'
carried down all hands. So far as known
here, only one man,. Captain Hagney, es
caped. The crew consisted of the follow
ing: Captain Andrew Hagney of Toledo.
Captain Hagney's wife; two-yta'r-old
child of Captain Hagney; Fred Haas, a
sailor, residence unknown, and six sail
ors, names unknown. .
The Nelson, " which Is owned oy the
Mitchell Transportation Company of Bay
City, was in tow of the steamer A. Fol
som, which also had the schooner Mary
B. Mitchell as a consort. The Folsom and
Mitchell turned back and arrived this
afternoon without damage. Captain
White, master of the steamer, at once re
ported the disaster to the owners.
The Folsom. Mitchell and Nelson were
laden with coal. At the time of the dis
aster the wind was blowing fifty miles
an hour. The three boats were becom
ing coated with ice, and this, added to
their coal, made them ride very low in
the water. Seas broke aboard constantly,
and the fury of the gale was driving them
t0 The rd be h ach 'a^Grand Marais was but
forty miles under the lee of the boats and
Captain White determir*?d to try the
dangerous expedient of turning the tow
in the sea and running before the wind
[ for Whites Point. Before the turn was
finished the Nelson. was seen to turn to
; ward the shore and It became evident
that the line had parted under the strain
or had been cut. Soon it became appar
ent that b she was sinking There was no
the a" and dove straight for the bot
: which hung on the davits at the stern.
MISS HELEN WRIGHT
DIES IN A BATHROOM
_
! Heart Disease Causes the Passing of
a Popular Educator at San
Jose.
BAN JOSE, May 14.— Miss Helen
'• Wright teacher of English literature at
I the State Normal School in this city, died
i very suddenly this forenoon while pre
paring for church. After a short bicycle
rid. she wont into the bath room. Some
time later the door was forced open .and
sh, was found lying dead on the floor
She was one of the most popular edu-
B In the State, am. for many years
was preceptress of the Normal School.
: H*r connection with that institution ex
| tended aver a period of twenty years.
For the past two years she had been suf
i fering from organic disease of the heart.
GRAIN SHOVELERS
RETURN TO WORK
Agreement Beached at a Conference
Held at the Home of a
Bishop.
BUFFALO, N. V. f May 14.— The grain
I shovelers will return to work to-morrow
' morning under the agreement reached
I this morning at the conference between
i the Lake Carriers, elevator men and
grain shovelers. The terms of the agree
ment were reduced to writing and proper
ly signed to-night at the residence of
Bishop Quigley. It provides that the
grain shovelers shall receive $1 85 per
thousand bushels; the contractors shall
I not receive a high man's pay; that a su
i perintendent shall be appointed by the
: Bishop to guard the interests of the men;
that a local board of arbitrators shall be
appointed to nass upon any grievances
which may arise in the future, and that
fourteen of Contractor Connors boss
scoopers shall be suspended pendintr an I
. investigation into the charges made by
! the grain snovelers that they are Identi
fied with saloon interests or are otherwise j
objectionable.
At a meeting of the grain shovelers to- j
night the agreement reached at the con
ference was approved. . There are about
3 000.000 bushels of grain afloat here now.
It 18 believed that this will have been
j cleared by the miuale of the week. .
Notwithstanding the adjustment of the
i grain shovelers' trouble, the labor situa
i tion here, so far as the commercial Inter
eats of the port are concerned, is threat
ening. Practically all the coal and lum
ber handlers, numbering about 1600. are
! out The freight handlers who struck out
of sympathy for the grain shovelers now
refuse to go back until their wages are
raised, and the men employed in the
freisht house, also on strike, refuse to re- ,
i turn until they have secured an advance j
ln T^e y 'coal handlers say they . are being i
; underpaid and that the contract bosses ;
fail to make a fair accounting with them.
! Their demands will be placed in writing
j at a meeting to be. held to-morrow.
IMMENSE CROWD
AT A BALL GAME
Twenty-Six Thousand Spectators See |
St. Louis Defeat the Cincin
nati*.
STANDING OK THE CLUBS.
' cV Tallin 17 6 .739 1 Baltimore ....11 IS .458
■ IT 7 .70S Louisville .... 9 12 .429
1 fhl'aco It 7 .e96 New York.... 9 13 .403
n^SkWn'" S 8 .866 ! ritUburgr ....8 13 .381
rl^lnMti" 13 9 • ' ll Washington .. 420 .163
Boston ....:::i4 10 .6S3_Cleveland ...319 .136
ST LOUIS, Mo.. May 14.— 1t took eleven lnn
ines for Bt.' Louis to defeat Cincinnati to-day.
1 The visitors were in the lead up to the seventh
'nnln* when 1 Tebeau's pets bunched their hits
! and tied the ; score. Powell was hit hard .by
i the visitors, while Breltenstein held the locals
down to nine hits. 'although he did send eight
me* to bases on balls. :. The attendance was the
wLrBPSt on record here. -26.000 persons being
present. . Score:
..:-, •.--;- • R. H. E.
St. Louis ..............•.•••••••••••••••••«, * J 1
C BatteTleUpoweil' " and " Wge'r':' *B«ltenstei n
and Wood. Umpires- Wilson and Vaughn. v,
CHICAGO. May 14.-Chlcago-Lou!svllle and
ChlcaKO-Cleveland games postponed on account
of rain. - # ■ _.'
Colusa Defeats Gridley.
COLUSA, May 14.— 1n a baseball game
here to-day Colusa defeated Grldley by
15 to 8.
THE SAN FTtAN CISCO CALL., MONDAY, MAT 15, 1899.
INCREASES THE
CUBAN BURDEN
Claims for Damages
From Foreigners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 14,— The State
Department has been informally advised
that claims aggregating a considerable
amount have been made by British,
French and German residents Jn Cuba j
during the recent insurrection and that i
these ultimately will be pressed against
the United States Government. The
claims themselves have not yet been pre
sented, but are being collected by the
several foreign offices as the claimants
send them in. In some cases schedules
have been made and the aggregate stated
to the authorities here. The French
claims aggregate between 12,000,000 and
15,000,000 francs. The German claims are
understood to be slightly under those of
the French, while British claims are sajd
to be considerably more than either the
French or German.
These foreign claims are quite distinct
from those of the citizens of the United
States originally against Spain for dam
ages sustained in Cuba during the insur
rection. The peace treaty specifically
provided for these American claimants,
releasing Spain and stating that the
United States would make such settle
ment as was proper. Under this clause
claims aggregating several millions have
been filed. No provision, however, was
made by the treaty for foreign claimants
and there appears to be much doubt as
to who is liable since the sovereignty
over Cuba has passed from the hands of
Spain. The United States having under
taken to look after the American claims,
the foreigners are desirous of being
treated in the same manner. It was
stated at one of the foreign establish
ments that there was no disposition to
push the claims unduly, but to bring
them to the attention of the United
States Government in order that the
question of liability might be determined
and such relief granted as the merits of
the cases warranted. It is appreciated
in these foreign quarters that payments
will bo largely a matter of discretion
with the United States, as the obligation
to look after the American claimants was
assumed voluntarily, and there is no obli
gation, either in the treaty or on gen
eral principles of law, for assuming the
claims growing out of Spain's inability
to maintain order in Cuba during the
period of Spanish rule.
These foreign claims cover damages to
plantations, personal property, etc., of
French, British and German residents of
Cuba, and are not connected with the
bonded debt of Cuba in foreign hands,
which debt was assumed in Spain.
STUDENTS' CONFERENCE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Representatives of Leading Western
Colleges to Meet at Pacific
• '.{":'' Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 14.— fourth
annual Pacific Coast Students' Conference
will open here on Friday. Over 140 stu- j
dents, representatives of all the leading
colleges and universities of California,
Oregon, Washington, Nevada, Utah,
Idaho and Arizona, -will be in attendance,
thirty-five coming from the University of
California alone. The conference will be
under the direct supervision of Charles C.
Michener of New York, International col
lege secretary of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association, assisted by H. W. Rose
of Ann Arbor University and H. B. Shar
man of the Northwestern University,
Evanston, 111. A ten days' session will be
held, during which some of the leading
professional men of the Pacific Coast and
elsewhere will lecture before the confer
ence. Among these are Dr. J. Rutter
"Williamson of the University of Edin
burgh, Scotland; Rt. Rev. Bishop W. H.
Moreland of Sacramento, Rev. Drs. ' E
| R. Dille, E. S. Chapman and H. C. Mm
I ton of California and J. A. Dimmitt.
LL.D., of Portland, Or.
A feature of the conference will be the
athletic sports each afternoon. They will
I include tennis, baseball and football, and
j an all-around field day, in which some of
I the crack college athletes of the Coast
will compete. This department will "be
under the direction of Champion W. A.
Drumm of Berkeley, the recently-elected
head of University, of California athletics.
Henry J. McCoy, general secretary of
the San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association, has charge of the business
arrangements, all of which he completed
on his visit here last week. The students
will begin to arrive on Friday afternoon.
♦ — ■ ■/. ; • ■ .... .
The Relief at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, May 14.— The big tug Re
lief, Captain Randall, eight days out from
San Francisco, arrived here this evening.
The Relief was sent to search for the
| disabled steamer Elihu Thomson. The
captain had not heard of the arrival of
the Thomson until he reached San Diego.
! The Relief will start back for San Fran
| cisco to-morrow.
Stricken by Apoplexy.
SAN JOSE, May 14.— Oliver Moody Hid
den, agent of the Great Northern rail
road and manager of the Sunset Tele
phone Company at Vancouver, B. C,
dropped dead at the St. James Hotel at
9:30 this forenoon. He had been ailing for
some time and had come to San Jose for
his health. The immediate cause of death
was apoplexy.
One to Nothing the Score.
SANTA ROSA. May 14.— The baseball
game this afternoon at Recreation Park
In this city, between the Keegans of Santa
Rosa and the Alameda Alerts, resulted in
the score: Keegnns 1, Alerts 0. J. O.
Woodward of Santa Rosa umpired the
game.
Woodland's School Census.
WOODLAND, May 14.— The school cen
sus report of Woodland shows that the
number of school census children has
fallen to 897, which will necessitate the
dropping of one teacher from the corps
! next term.
Woonland Militia Armed.
WOODLAND, May 14.— The arms and
equipments of the new militia company
have arrived. They consist of new
Springfield rifles, cartridge belts and bay
onets, haversacks, leggins and a com
plete company and Individual cooking kit.
Barn and Hay Burned.
SANTA CRUZ, May 14.-Fire last night
destroyed Z. Moran's barn containing 200
tons of hay near Soquel. Loss, $4000. ]
GALE MAKES TROUBLE
ABOARD THE LIGHTSHIP
BROKE HER MOORINGS AND CAME IN.
THE gale which came whistling through the Golden Gate yesterday afternoon and set everything movable awhirl
made things lively outside the heads. When it was at its fiercest the lightship broke away from her moorings
and began to drift. An effort was made to bring her back, but the sea was too high and the captain finally de
cided to run her into the bay and wait until the weather moderated. She came inside the heads at just about
nightfall and puzzled the lookouts at the Merchants' Exchange for a few minutes. They finally made out the
strange-looking craft to be the ship which should be doing duty outside. She came into the harbor just as though she
belonged there and anchored off Meiggs Wharf. An effort was made to send a boat out and see if all was well aboard,
but the sea was running so high that it was impossible to launch a Whitehall.
The lightship San Francisco, No. 70, was sent out in the latter part of March, IS9B, to take the place of the old whist
ling buoy. She is under command of Captain A. J. Lowell and carries a crew of eleven men. Eacb man is allowed a
month's leave of absence after three months' service, and all will probably welcome the unexpected trip to the city.
RENEWED THEIR
PLEDGES TO THE
GOD OF ISRAEL
Confirmation in Two
Synagogues.
RECEIVED 68 APPLICANTS
LAKGE CONGREGATIONS AND
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES.
Interesting Programmes Are Ren
dered by the Classes at the
Bush and Geary Street
Temples.
Two beautiful Hebrew confirmation
ceremonies were performed in this city
last night, one at the Geary-street Tem
ple. Both edifices were* packed to suffo
cation and during the evening hundreds
of people were turned away. The services
were of an imposing nature and, in all,
' Kixty-eight little children were confirmed
: in the faith of their fathers. The music
J for the occasion was grand at both syna-
I gogues. Beautiful solos punctuated the
ceremonies and organ intermezzos were
well rendered during the delicate por
tions of the services. The candidates
marched up the center aisles and were re
ceived by the rabbis of the respective
! congregations, lue girls were attired in
white and the boys in black. Seats were
j provided for them at either side of the
> chancels. _ , . .
The Geary-street Temple was hand
somely deebra'ed. Arches of orange
! blossoms extended out from the chancel
and the forward part of the temple was
a veritable bed of flowers.
After the regular festival service, con
ducted by Cantor Rahinowitz. the con
firmation programme was begun, and was
as follows:
Organ prelude. Professor H. J. SleWftlt;
'•our Shepherd is the I-tV confirmation
hymn; Scripture reading, Rabbi M. t-. Levy;
••'UTrath into Gariandi, chior; opening
prayer, Miriam Solomons; prayer to the Om
nlnotent Sydney Israelsky; alumni, Juliet Hy
man Bar Mitzvnh address. Eddie Nathan;
prayer of consecration. Ruby Levin; feast of
weeks Gertie Kochman; "How Excellent Is
Thy Kindness," soprano solo; "The Future of
Israel," Estelle Barrom; "Hope, Joe Brea
lauer- address to young women, May Raphael;
address to young men, Louis Basch; "Faith,"
Esther Altman; "Immortality," Joe Springer;
"In His Hands," duet; "The Poetry of Char
ltv " Cella Jacobs; "Signification of Confirma
tion " Joe Axelrod; "Light," Isidore Llpman;
"To Charity," Hazel Pelser; "To Congrega
tion" Lena Gordon; "To Parents," Leila Co
hen; floral offering and prayer, "Deposit of
Flowers in the Ark," Phoebe Shipper; address
to grandparents, Adele Morgrenstern- "Trust
in tne Lord," soprano solo; "The Day We
Celebrate," Ethel Shaen; class motto, Ger
trude Cohn; address to class, Sarah Fruchter;
"Orphan's Prayer," Ben Caro; "Our Country,"
Herbert Friedberg; "The Two Lessons," Edgar
Goldsmith; "Praise the Lord," Jacob Mueller;
address to parents, "Parents' Blessing," Ida
Levy address to teacher, Elaine Levy; vale
dictory. Irene Waldheimc-r.
Estelle Barron. the youngest member
of the class, spoke on the "Future of Is
rael," and implored her asnocijite con
firmants to lead lives of piety such as
would preserve the ancient sanctity of
the Hebrew faith. The "Address to Par
ents" was delivered by Ida Levy, a
daughter of Rabbi Levi. who conducted
the confirmation ceremony. It was
lengthy and consumed nearly twenty
minutes in delivery. The list of confirm
antp is as follows:
Marian Solomons, Sydney Israelsky,
•Juliet Hyman. Eddie Nathan, Ruby
Lovin, Gertie Kochman, Eetelle Barron,
Joe Breslauer, May Raphael, Louis
Basch, Esther Altman, Joe Springer,
Cella Jacobs, Joe Axelrod, Isidore Lip
man, Hazel Peiser, Lena Gordon, Lelia
Cohen, Phoebe Shipper. Adele Morgen
stern, Ethel Shaen, Gertrude Cohn, Sarah
Fruchter. Ben Caro, Herbert Friedberg,
Edgar Goldsmith. Ida Levy, Elaine Levy
and Irene Waldheimer.
The largest number of applicants ever
confirmed at one time in any synagogue
on this coast received the blessing of
strength to adhere to their childhood
teachings unto death at the Bush Street
Temple. The floral decorations were
handsome. Bamboo, sprayed with Mare
chal Niel and La France roses, dropped
from the choir to the altar. Immense
rose vines, forming a perfect bower,
draped the left of the chancel. The side
decorations were of Bermuda lilies and
American Beauties, yellow and pink car
nations and wild oats tied up In lavender
ribbons. The entire rail was trimmed
with Bermuda lilies and asparagus ferns.
The choir was under the direction of
Professor Dellapiane, and beautiful mu
sic was rendered by Mrs. Eva Tenney,
soprano; Mrs. Carrie Clark, alto; Fred
Mr. Purdy, tenor, and E. J. Duncan,
basso. The programme was as follows:
Anthem, "Praise the Lord," choir; address
by the Rabbi, Rev. Isidore Myers, B. A.; open-
Ing prayer. Alfred EisiTiberg; prayers before
flnral offering— Hattie Meyerson, Lewis Cohn,
Hattle Nathan, Harry Rothenberg, Clarisse Is
rael, Bertbold <;unzburger; offering of flowers,
Marlon Falk; prayers after floral offering— Joe
Barnett, Margo Bisenberg, Milton Meyer. Leo
nora A. GoMsohmklt, Samuel Stern, Jennie
Ochs; organ recital. Professor Pellapiano
cMstn, confirmation class; confirmation hymn
I music specially composed by Miss Reglna Ja
cobson), choir; prayers before profession of
faith— Gertie Frohman, Oscar Pollack. Betty
Van N'oorden, Irvin Green; profession of faitii,
William Stern: prayers after profession— Sadie
Jacnbson, Sadie Oi>r>enhelmer. Edna Ansell;
address by Rabbi Myers; offerings to the Syn
agogue In honor of the confirmants; soprano
solo; the ten commandments— Walter Brandt,
Hazel Isaacs. Arthur C. Bush. Hlrsch Cohen,
Victor H. Mendelson, Israel Rothenberg, Sa-
HE FEARED DEATH
BUT HE SOUGHT IT
o ' °
TOE ROSS, a young man who makes his summer home at Belvedere with +
"*" his parents, had an experience yesterday that he will not forget as long o
° tJ as he lives. He was blown out into the bay in a small skiff and the agony 4.
+ v of waiting for what he considered an inevitable death became so great O
° that to end his misery he jumped overboard. Luckily help was at hand and +
"*" Joe was saved from a watery grave. O
Early in the day Ross went down to Tiburon and hired a small skiff to q
£ paddle around in the smooth water near the ferry slips. As he pulled around +
+ he gained confidence and got further and further from the shore until the o
O wind and tide took possession of the skiff and carried it out into the bay. +
+ Joe yelled and waved his handkerchief, but no one noticed his predica- O
O ment. "*"
+ Past Angel Tsland drifted the boat, gathering way as she got into the full +
9 force of the blast. Alcatraz hove in sight and Joe tried again and again to ?
q attract the attention of the soldiers on the island, but all in vain. Every few q
+ minutes he would stop waving his signals of distress, but he was so rattled +
O that he tried to row against both wind and tide instead of using both of them O
■♦• to help him in to the wharves. "♦"
O As he passed Fishermen's wharf three Italian fishermen saw the lad's
q predicament and at once started to his assistance. At the same time Oscar q
+ A. Tolle, a clerk in the County Clerk's office, and J. K. Martiny got into a +
0 Whitehall and started to the rescue. Before the fishermen were well under q
a way Tolle, who is an old yachtsman, had made sail on the Whitehall and was +
o racing toward the skiff. In the meantime Captain Leale on the ferry steamer o
Newark had seen the boy's frantic signaling and stopping the steamer pre- a
O pared to lower a boat. He saw the Whitehall coming, however, and got un- o
a der way again. +
o When Ross saw the steamer proceeding he thought his last hour had o
a come. He got down on his knees in the bottom of the boat and began to +
O pray. Then the men in the Whitehall saw him get to his feet and the next o
>■ moment spring overboard. The water must have been too cold or something, -f
O because as soon as Joe rose to the surface after his plunge he swam back O
+ to the skiff and held on. A few minutes later the Whitehall was alongside
° and Tolle pulled the shivering lad into it. Tolle and Martiny then rowed in 2
to the Folsom street steps and landed Ross. As soon as Joe found himself +
2 on firm ground again he got down on his knees and said "Thank God, I'm O
O saved." Then he took to his heels and ran to the Tiburon ferry and caught >
+ the 3:30 p. m. boat for home. Tolle and Martiny took the skiff in tow and °
O towed it back to Fishermen's wharf, where Joseph can get it to-day if he so "*"
+ desires.
0-f O+ O+O+ O -f O + +O -f-O-fO-f O+O+O+ O+ O-f O-f O-fO+ O+ O + O-f O+ O+O-f^
rah Bernstein, Aaron Levy, Ida Kantrowitz,
l.oland Myers, Hennie Ochs. Violet Kohn: ad
dresses to parents, Albert Haas, Eva Stern;
orphan's prayer, Sylvain S. Schuhl; address to
the minister, Juliet Hayman; closing prayer,
Terfsie Newbenter; hymn, "Adon Olom
(translated by Rabbi Myers, music by Miss
Reglna Jacobsonj. choir; prayer and benedic
tion, by the Rabbi.
To-day during the morning service at
10-30 o'clock the diplomas will be given
to the confirmants, to whom Rabbi My
ers will deliver a special sermon. The
confirmants were:
Edna Ansell, Sarah Bernstein, Margo
Eisenberg, Marion FaJk, Gertie Froh
man Leonora A. Goldschmidt, Juliet
Hayman, Hazel Isaacs, Clarisse Israel,
Sadie Jacobson, Ida Kantrowitz, Violet
Kohn, I-lattie Meyerson, Hattie Nathan.
Tessle Newberger, Jennie Ochs. Sadie
Oppenheimer. Eva Stern, Betty Van
Noorden; Joe Barnett, Walter Brandt,
Arthur C. Bush, Lewis Cohn, Hirsh
Cohen, Alfred Eisenberg, Irvfn Green,
Berthold Gunzburger, Albert Haas,
Aaron Levy. Victor H. Mendelson, Milton
Meyer, Leland Myers, Bennie Ochs, Os
car Pollack, Israel Rothenberg, Harry"
Rothenberg. Sylvain S. Schuhl, William
! Stern, Samuel Stern.
"Old Paths Methodistic."
• At the Howard Street Methodist Epis
copal Church yesterday morning the pas
tor, Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, preached
the third of a series of sermons on "Old
Paths Methodistic." The fundamental
principles as announced by its founder
and that which underlie the system were
examined into as to their Biblical char
acter, the philosophy of their relation to
American Methodistic growth and as an
inspiration for future effort and sacrifice.
His text was Jeremiah vi:l6—"Stand ye
in the way and seek and ask for the old j
paths," etc.
The immediate principle under examina
tion was the declaration of Wesley when j
thrust out of the churches of the estab
lishment of whii.ii he was a minister.
"The world is my parish," he said. |
"You may find fault with Methodism, but I
it yet remains to be accounted for. It
has made mo broad enough to rejoice in
the success of every other body of be
lievers. But with its severest of all con
ditions found in modern Christianity
Methodism has yet proven true to human
nature, and so divine in its origin, so
Biblical in its teachings and methods, that
in 133 years of its origin it has grown to
6 000 000 of actual communicants and 24,
--000.000 of the population; divided into six
teen branches upon questions of govern
ment but separated by no fundamental
principle of doctrine. Our own Methodist
Episcopal Church, the parent stem of
American Methodism, numbers to-day
3 000 000 members and 12.000,000 adherents;
17 468 pastors, J. 5,000 local preachers, 2G.114
churches. And so, far from ancient,
Methodism Is more potential than
modern. Of these great numbers the last
thirty-four years have added 10.293 minis
ters, 16,073 churches. 2,000,000 of communi
cants and of adherents 8.000,000, while
2,700,000 Sunday school scholars are being
trained at her altars, and property values
have increased from $35,000,000 to $163,000,
--000." :: w: : :
--—— .^— __
An Unknown Body Found.
The body of an unknown man was
found at 6 o'clock yesterday morning
in the bay at Broadway wharf by
Watchman Malcolm. When seen the body
was lying alongside the steamer Uma
tilla. From the appearance of the fea-
tures of the dead man it was surmised
that he had not been long dead. He is
about 45 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches in
height, weighs about 160 pounds, dark
hair turning gray. He wore a dark sack
coat with checked linings, black vest
white standing collar and black necktie
The Coroner was notified and the body
was removed to the Morgue.
The indolent man is the first to claim
that he never had an opportunity.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
s' ; '-. '.""■ ■■' ;; • : ; - '":■ ■ ■ ■■. :V "■■ ; . . -" :." ; ' B
M : .-•■-■ • J&&&/ .'.• '"■ _ HAVE VAIT
a /^ 000 ~£5fcBltE r ~****. nAVr! Ylil I
[ w^fS^A WEAKNESS? ]
" " >>fiß& * j/wt&£ you reallze that you are not g
n rfiflJY^ffsF ' * KaA '^ Jfip? the man you should be at your age? 0
l| 's^^HW'.l^^cyßK.^SS J " Do you flnd y° ur . strength failing B
gg ■»^> _ you, exposing the great drain that |j
H has been sapping the .very.; life and ambition- out of you? Does this
a knowledge mar your life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to g
■ your health. You need such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, h
M v from which you can absorb new strength and vitality. It is a grand H
|j_" remedy for any one who is weak in vitality, from whatever cause. H
| Weakness Cured in Six Weeks... ■
M .DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir': Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and lam proud to B
■ say that It has helped: me. wonderfully.' My back doesn't bother me, and the varicose n
■I veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. lam ; much improved, £
Hand am glad to say the rupture is one-third the size It was before using the Belt. w
_. The Belt has done all you claimed for it. ■ I remain, yours truly, H
■ ••-.. - . J. W. RICHARDS, Virginia City, Nev., July SO, 1898. g
H . Toning and Invigorating in its action, It ha» made hundreds of vigorous men out Q
■ of as many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you if you will try it. g*
■/- •■ - ■'■ •■. ■• ■ '■■■:-■ . ■■--■'. ' ' : ■,.■:.' . ■
[My Belt Has 10,000 THEY PROVE f
smy Dcii nas lo^uuu yures its value.: \
■q It is the one f means of renewing wasted vitality. It • simply charge* g
■ the nerves and vital parts with Electricity while you sleep. When you •fj
■ *\ get up in the morning you feel that something has been added to > your Q
§| powers — there is a new feeling, new energy, ambition to hustle and to B
2 -^ enjoy life. ," Call , and : see me • about it, or send for my book, ■. "Threa H
n Classes of Men," which I send closely sealed, free. Call or direct H
2 •■-■.'■ ' '■" '.:"■""'.' : ' - ' ''r • - .'•.'■?;■■■ '.;■■■"?: '. '•■''''•^^■Bt"»J
a , dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book , I
5, 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny.S. P. "THREE CLASSES OF MBit." '5
H: And Cor. Spring and Second Sts.. Los Angeles, _ _ „_,,_„ wr-Ft* B
— Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:80 p.m.; Sundays, <** IS MAILED FREE, m
■ ( 10 to 1. ' NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. . H
DEPARTURE OF
A. WHITE BROWN
CAUSES GRIEF
Young Swell Suddenly
Disappears.
UNPAID BILLS LEFT BEHIND
FAMILIAR FIGURE THAT GRACE!
THE LINE.
Led a Torrid Life and Contracted
Very Many Debts During
His Visit to This
City.
With the exodus of the turfmen A
White Brown of decorative appearanci
has disappeared from this city, leaving
an army of tradesmen and other unsus
pecting people full of wrath and strong
intentions to invoke the law to come te
their assistance. For several month!
Brown, who was a figure on the line and
at the racetrack, has played false witk
men of easy confidence and women whosi
hearts were easily pierced by his soft
suave manner.
Among his frtends A. White Brown wai
known as "Browny." Never in his Sat
Francisco career was he known to com
mit a breach of the fantastic proprietiei
of dress. When he first arrived in thfi
city he took apartments at the Palace,
but as soon as he became established
there he moved to another but none th«
less luxurious environment. Three hours
a day he would exhibit himself in the
Palace court, appareled in multi-colorec
clothes of the most perfect fit. His onl>
seeming occupation was the consumptior
of ornate and highly scented cigarettes
and the consistent changing of his dress.
His credit was good on the line and off
Haberdashers, tailors, restaurateurs, sa
loon men, even bookmakers, invited hire
to try their wares, and Brown obliginglj
accepted their invitations. From the Clifl
House to the Oakland track the young
New Yorker was a most familiar tigure
Not to know him was to argue yoursel!
unknown. Just at present there are a
number of people in this city who ar«
most anxious to know one other thing
and that is how can the departed Mr
Brown of New York be reached. They ar«
waving bills in their hands, and thej
would very much like to receipt them
What is particularly galling to the wrath
ful creditors is that Brown has left th«
city so unceremoniously. Some of then:
are confident that their bills against hiir
would have been paid had they had an
opportunity to present them. Others are
not so sanguine, and they are now burn
ing incense for the departed and inci
dentally perfecting themselves in a dic
tion that is not found in the standard dic
tionaries.
Brown came to San Francisco with th«
best of reputations. He is a young man
of large, liquid blue eyes and a complex
ion that was the envy of the tenderloin
district. He was given cards to some ol
the prominent clubs in this city, being
a frequent guest at the Union League.
His money, which was spent free
ly on all kinds of amusements, was
thought to be unlimited. Upon his arriv
al he was introduced to the electric-lighi
contingent as the son of the celebrated
manufacturer of cough medicines ami
troches, and was supposed to be im
mensely wealthy. At any rate, his pock
ets were always heavy with clinking
money.
Brown did not leave without an ordei
for the forwarding of his mail. His let
ters are to be sent to St. Louis, where
he will pass a short vacation. Otherwise
they must be mailed to his home in New
York. Mr. Brown will receive a hearty
welcome upon his return to this city.
A CHANCE FOB CALIFORNIA.
Failure of the Fruit Crop of the South
Should Bring Good Prices.
That there has been a good deal more
frost in the fruit districts of the South
than the growers have been willing to ad
mit is the opinion of T. M. Ferguson, who
has Just returned from a trip to Cuth
bert, Ga., his birthplace.
"I rode for miles through peach orch
ards," said Ferguson, "and I have
talked with the leading fruit growers in
the southern part of Georgia, They all
say there will be no peach or orange croc
this year, and that all the fruit that
would otherwise have been ordered from
Georgia must now come from California.
It has been the coldest spring the South
has ever experienced. In January the ther
mometer went down as far as three de
grees below zero, and fifteen or twenty
above zero is as cold as the weather has
ever been down there. Old shade trees
that I remember from the time I was a
boy have been killed— that is, not killed
outright, but all the shoots and branches
are dead and the trees have to start
again with shoots from the trunk.
"The orange crop is also frozen and
there will not be oranges enough in the
South to pay for the picking. Where the
output in oranges and peaches used to be
thousands of carloads, there is now no
prospect of furnishing the section with
fruit enough to eat. If Georgians want to
eat peaches this summer they will have to
be purchased in California: and if Florida
people want to eat oranges they will have
to be from California. There is no fruit
in the South, and the place it occupied in
the Eastern market will have to be taken
by California fruit. It ought to be a good
year for the fruit growers of this State."
34
MONDAY MAY 15, 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS," Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU., S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
tDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Streel
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
t>AILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year fG.OO
I'AIL-Y CALL (Including Sunday Call), « months 3.00
pAILY CALL (including: Sunday Call). 3 m0nth*....;... 1.50
t>AILY CALL— By Single Month «0o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Bample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative. v '
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Build Lift
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK 387 Hayes street, open until
f-30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:20
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Marked
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 25i^
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, oosn until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On and Off."
Grand Opera House — "Pinafore" and "Cavalleria Rustt-
cana. ' '
— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "His JaDanese Wife."
Tlvoli— "Orpheus an.l Eurydice."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
an.l evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Alhambra Theater— "A Box of Monkeys," Tuesday even-
ing. May 16.
University of California, Commencement Exer-
cises, Wednesday. May 17.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Pianoforte Recital. Thursday Evening,
May 2S.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet Concerts. Friday even
Ing, May 26.
Sutro Bathe — Swimming Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
I ■:>■ William ButterfleM and T. Vincent— Monday, May 15,
it U o'clock, Furniture, at 781 Batter street.
Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, May 16, Real Es-
tate, at 638 Market rtn I
By Sullivan & Doyle— Friday, May t», at 11 a. m., at 220 Valen-
CURRENT COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS.
THERE was less feature to general trade last
week. The gain in bank clearings fell off to 43.7
per cent over the same week last year, whereas
il preceding weeks it was much more pro
nounced. But as l"ng a<- the country can show a
gain in business of 43 per cent it cannot complain of
trade condition?. The commercial failures were 169.
as compared with 250 for tire corresponding week a
year ago. For a year or more the failures have stead
ily decreased, showing either greater conservatism
in business or a much more prosperous condition of
trade — probabiy both.
The reports from sll over the country are generally
favorable. The chief features are advanced quota
tions for many descriptions of iron and steel, in
creased activity in building, as shown by heavy sales
vi lumber at rising prices, larger railway earnings, a
firmer tone in cotton goods and an advance of 10 per
cent in hides at Chicago, with receipts of cattle in four
Months of 100,000 head less than during the same
period last year, and over 200,000 less than in 1803-4.
in spite of the gain in population. Offsetting these
favorable signs, however, we have a quieting down
in the wholesale distributing demand, notably for dry
s and clothing, and a further weakening in cereal
values in the face of less promising crop conditions.
The export of wheat shows some falling off. the fig
ures for the past week being 3.284.000 bushels, against
.?.. 484,000 for the same week in 1898. though the ex
ports thus far this crop year are 203,058.000 bushels,
against 202.523.000 last year. In opposition to this
is the marked increase in the production of iron and
steel, which has averaged during the past four months
.'8.027 tons daily, against 32,209 last year.
There was a decline in manufacturing stocks in
Wall street during the week, but it was not due. as
many supposed, to any decline in industries, but to the
overbought condition of the market. Stocks accumu
lated on the hands of speculators who figured on a
me. and as it failed to materialize they naturally sold.
We are told, however, that the public taste for specu
lation in industrials is not yet sated, as shown by the
recent subscription of $412,000,000 to the $75,000,000
stock in the new copper combine, while the rejected
subscriptions raised the figure to about $1,000,000,000.
Meanwhile the money market continues easy, the sup
ply of funds showing a notable increase, while interest
rates are easier.
In the local market the leading features are con
tinued activity in all kinds of provisions at very firm
prices, a similar condition in the live stock market, a
good demand for wool, an advance in lumber and
unusually high prices for fresh fruit, which is in sharp
demand in the Eastern markets. As high as $8 25
per ten-pound box has been paid for California cher
ries in the New York market, and sales at $5 and $6
are of daily occurrence. The fruit reports fail to state
what class of people in New York eat cherries at 60
cents to 80 cents per pound. They evidently have>
money tp burn. We are glad they haye — they may
have our cherries. Another Eastern buyer came out
here a few days ago and bought 150 carloads of last
year's prunes. Shut your eyes and imagine the length
of a train of 150 cars of prunes and you will get a
fair idea of the size of this little transaction. This will
be a great year for California fruit.
We are doing a pretty good business all around
out here in California. The wholesalers in all lines
are busy and the dealers in farming tools report a
great rush for extra parts' of harvesting machines,
which point- to large crops. Never have trade condi
tions extended more promise. The export trade of
San Francisco and the northern coast ports is too
active for the number of steamers employed, and more
arc needed, especially on the Panama and Oriental
routes. Indeed, sailing vessels have been found
necessary to supplement the steamers. Coastwise lum
ber freights have advanced in sympathy with grain
rr.tes, and, in brief, the shipping and export business
of the port are on a very satisfactory basis.
A witness who appeared the other day before the
Washington Industrial Commission, which is making
an inquiry into the operation of trusts, said he knew
of men who are paid a bonus for being idle. That wit
can win an eternal place in the esteem of man
kind if he will give the secret away.
And some people will not believe yet that the Cu
banj are Americanized. According to latest advices
150,000 of them are applicants for office under Uncle
THE SECRET RAILROAD DOSSIER.
THE exposure in The Call of yesterday of the
revision of the report originally prepared by
Railroad Commissioner Blackstock in reference
to the "grain case," so called, pending before the
Circuit Court of the United States, is prosaically as
tounding and reveals such shameless corruption upon j
the part of the principal counsel for the railroad and
Commissioners Blackstock and Laumeister as noth- j
ing but the experience of the last thirty years would I
accredit. The fact that, through its false assertion of j
its complete withdrawal from politics last year, the
railroad was enabled to handle both sides of a pending
litigation would be in itself an insufferable degrada- j
tion. But the proof now furnished that William F. |
Herrin actually dictated not merely the treacherous J
action of the two Commissioners controlling' the pro- j
ceedings of the board, but the very terms in which i
their corruption was ultimately expressed, transcends
ail the revelations of which there is any accessible
record.
Commissioner Blackstock, in his report as first pre
pared, evidently supposed that he was accomplishing
the purpose for which he was elected. But in framing i
an argument to sustain his contemplated misconduct |
his astuteness was hot equal to the exigencies of the
situation. The railroad, in invoking the equitable as
sistance of the Circuit Court of the United States, as ;
it was constituted when the suit was commenced, had
tendered issues of the most comprehensive character,
going to the foundation of the powers of the Railroad
Commission and which, if sustained, would have
bound the State hand and foot. In its bill of com
plaint not only was the horizontal reduction of 25 per ,
cent assumed to have been perfected so far as the i
commission had the right to act, but the entire rail
road schedule was treated as so completely fair and
reasonable, and even so generous to the public and so |
parsimonious toward itself, that it was beyond any
possible interference, even though the plenary author- j
ity of the commission had been conceded. The Com
missioners, moreover, under the guidance of their
able and faithful special counsel, backed by the Attor
ney General of the State, raised questions affecting i
the validity of the attempted concentration of railroad
interests in the Southern Pacific Company of Ken
tacky and asserted the existence of fictitious and
fraudulent elements in the basis adopted by the rail
road, upon which fair and reasonable returns upon
the investment were to be computed. When the or
iginal injunction was restricted to the grain rates, |
which covered a reduction of 8 per cent. Judge Me- |
Kenna acted upon the affidavit of the Railroad Com- ;
missioners then in office to the effect that the resolu- j
tion altering the rates horizontally had not been fol
lowed by a schedule, which was necessary for its com
pletion, and that there was no existing intention of
further proceedings in that direction.
Notwithstanding the modification of the provisional ;
injunction, however, the issues offered by the railroad
remained in the case for trial and for decision. When
Commissioner Blackstock framed his report he was
not sufficiently comprehensive to satisfy the railroad '■
on the proposition that all the questions embraced
in the litigation except that of the grain rate had been
completely settled. That question had become com- j
parativcly unimportant, as the competition of the San j
Joaquin Railroad and other causes, influencing Hunt
ingtori's policy, had led to voluntary reductions, j
which, as we understand the fact, amounted on the
average to about 5 per cent. In this report also Com- !
missioner Blackstock prominently alluded to an oral j
application for a compromise made to the commission
by the railroad some years ago, the substance of
Which was that if the 25 per cent resolution was re
scinded the railroad would dismiss its suit. Finally
he suggested that the entire action of the commission. !
as prevjously constituted, embracing the 8 per cent
grain rate, should be repealed and the present com
mission be left footloose to deal with the question of j
rates de novo.
The expurgated and revised edition of Commission- ;
er Blackstock's report, molded by William F. Herrin \
to suit the wishes of the railroad, duplicates much of
the original, but is designed: First, to show that, un
der Judge McKenna's decision on the provisional in
junction, the commission was effectually and perma- ;
.ient!y estopped from raising the most vital proposi- j
tions that naturally arose under the bill of complaint
at filed; second, to avoid the necessity of any explana
tion of the surreptitious attempt to compromise, j
which the railroad declined to formulate in writing, !
although requested to do so by Commissioner La
Roe and the special counsel of the Commission; third,
that there was nothing left in the case but the grain !
rate of 8 per cent, which had become immaterial and i
superfluous; and, fourth, that the enormous expense I
of a trial justified the commission in sacrificing the ;
$43,000 already spent. In this way the ground was |
cleared so that the foundation might be laid for a new I
litigation of equal duration and of similar complexity, |
in which the whole work would have to be repeated, j
The central point was that the suit before Judge Mor- j
row was to be ended by the commission itself, with
out any apparent participation upon the part of the
complainant, and the railroad hands untied so that it
might proceed with fresh aggressions upon the rights
and the interests of the public.
A reflected light is thrown upon this treacherous
and infamous conduct by the repeated declarations of
Mr. Huntington that the railroad traffic would have
to pay the entire indebtedness of the Central Pacific !
Railroad Company, as finally adjusted with the Fed- \
eral Government. But far more disgusting than any
matter of dollars and cents is the proof that in this
State and in this country it is possible for the sanctity
of the courts to be invaded without their own conniv
ance, and both sides of a great legal controversy, in
volving the deepest principles, to be controlled by a
railroad attorney, using the virtue of hospitality as a
cover for the crime of official infidelity to sworn duty,
to individual pledges and to the vital necessities of the
commonwealth.
ORATORICAL MR. HUNTINGTON.
THE speech of Mr. C. P. Huntington on last
Saturday night to his own employes and to his
trusted friends was not quite up to the standard
of Mr. W. H. Mills. This does not imply that it was
actually composed or written by Mr. Mills, although
the "masters, lords and rulers in all lands" frequently
employ their prime ministers to do such work for
| them. But Mr. Huntington's life having been prin
cipally occupied with business activities, he has had
| no leisure for the cultivation of literature, as was
fully exemplified in what are known as the "Colton
letters," and, therefore, it has been noticed for years
that, when he uses social occasions to convey his ideas
to the public, as closely as possible he follows the
style of Mr. Mills. This accounts for his occasional
references to ancient and to modern history and to
other sources of information that to a hard-headed
railroad manager are necessarily recondite.
But Mr. Huntington this year has talked too much.
His tenth speech was certainly his worst. In his first
paragraph he made a mistake of fact which any of his
subordinates could have corrected and which was a
bad example for young men. In a touching adapta
tion of the conference of the witches in "Macbeth,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
"when shall we three meet again," he observed, "With
the year passes the century." Mr. Huntington should
have known better. Any one of the callow youths
seated around his table, to whom he so frequently and
j tenderly referred, could have told him that the twen
; tieth century does not begin until January I, ioo 1
j He was a long way ahead of time, a serious fault in
I railroading, for which there is no precedent in any
of the lines with which he is connected.
But, in many other and important respects, Mr.
Huntington for once was unfortunate. He was speak
ing in a fine house, not equal to his New York man
sion, but still fine and surrounded by other fine
houses, all of which taken together have dedicated the
crest of Nob Hill to railroad and mining opulence.
He reached out in every direction for more fields for
the indulgence of his ruling passion for saving and
gaining. Cheap labor as usual was his hobby, but he
proposes to secure it now by investing the Filipinos
with American citizenship. The order of his sen
tences is not precisely the order of his ideas and there
fore we may be pardoned for bringing detached parts
oi his oracular utterance together. After speaking of
the American republic as having set "her foot upon
the threshold" of Eastern Asiatic trade and having
recommended a close alliance between the oldest and
the youngest nation, he added: "I do not see why
we should be any more afraid of the Chinaman than
the people of other countries are, and they will wel
-1 come him as a factor in their development." For a
I great many years the people of this coast and for ten
or twelve years the people of the United States have
I not agreed with Mr. Huntington, and with decided
! unanimity they have rejected the Chinese factor in
i their industrial progress and have also secured legis
lation that has long been more or less effective.
Isn. however, the United States becomes the new
:mpire r.nd introduces its fresh leaven into Chinese
erialism, while it joins hands with the other des
c powers of the globe, doubtless it will matter
little what citizenship thinks or what its interests
and, for the repeal of the exclusion laws may not
lire Congressional sanction,
has often been remarked that Mr. Huntington
the courage of his interests, always identical with
convictions. His views on Asiatic expansion,
efore, are even more pronounced than the si
lenced advocates of a "national policy" ever promul-
Jited. He believes that the only way to destroy
mcricanism is to adulterate it. Consequently he is
ptirely clear in favor of taking the Philippines into
c Union and throwing the Filipinos into the body
our free population. Having some connection
ith Africa and having studied the uses of "spheres of
Huence," he proposes that his own country shall im
mediately become a convert to that method for the
j partition of the world. "Strange peoples," he says,
"are to come more into our life and these peoples,
by and by, are going to render a verdict on our
trial." That is to say, the ten millions of our Filipino
fellow citizens will ultimately determine whether our
Itivation of an Asiatic "sphere of influence has
n successful. And of the fact that they are well
ilified for absorption into our composite race, Mr.
ntington has no doubt: "The Filipinos have
iwn us that they do not lack independence of spirit,
irage. determination and pereverance. These are
qualities that make good citizenship in a repub-
It is not strange that Mr. Huntington delivered a
mock rhapsody on equality before the law, which rail
road litigation has so pointedly illustrated and which,
in his estimation, as shown by his acts rather than by
hi? words, means the destruction of American nation
ality between the upper millstone of speculative mo
nopoly and the nether millstone of Mongolian Ameri
canism. Looking at all these questions from a purely
money-getting point of view, it was also quite natural j
for him to complain of "higher education for the i
masses." The time spent by young men between 16
and 21 in studying the institutions and the history of
tir country and in learning to revere the great
nders of organized liberty on this continent is time
: from the acquisition of that practiced smartness
t would enable them to save pennies and to expand
m into eagles, ready to be deposited in the capa
cious pockets wide open to receive them.
Seated around the lucky horseshoe table that minis
tered to American simplicity were gifted and learned
men whose mental digestion must have been superb
if they absorbed and assimilated the whole of the im
perial feast presented to them by Mr. Huntington.
The tyrannical domination of the American con
querors is beginning to torture in Cuba. The Mayor
of Havana, under direction of the American Military
Governor, has issued a decree to certain classes of the
population commanding them, under pain of severe
punishment, to wear costumes at least somewhat more
elaborate than undershirts. It appears that the Cv-
Es have been slightly negligent in matters of attire,
luring the fight at Santiago, the dispatches an
nce, hundreds of people visited the Michigan
homestead where General Shatter was born and car
ried away parts of the old log house, almost demol
ishing the structure, for souvenirs. Since the battle
of Santiago thousands have been trying to tear the
old soldier himself to pieces. There is sometimes a
difference before and after.
It is a safe wager that not one man out of ten even
in the most intelligent circles can tell offhand how
many capitals have been taken from the Filipinos
since the advance began. In fact a good many pro
fessional critics of the war have lost. their scorecards
and cannot tell whether the last capital we captured
Ii third base or a new deal in another round,
'he dispatches announce that the lobster industry
the shores of Newfoundland is on the decline. It
uld not be difficult for some of the Democratic
iticians of San Francisco to suggest to the fisher
n of Newfoundland how the "lobster" industry
jht be revived. The crop of the recent campaign
;his city was extremely large,
'he sources of the oily suavity and wonderful busi
s sense of Chicago millionaires have at last been
discovered. These princes of finance, it appears from
the testimony at an official investigation, are in the
habit of surreptitiously buying oleomargarine and
pawning it off at their sumptuous dinners to friends'
A Syrian revolutionary society in New York has
declared Syria a free and independent state and has
issued a call to arms. It will probably be one of
those long-distance calls which will not be heard in
Syria.
»
A dispatch from Marysville contains the news that
while driving a band of sheep up the main street of
that town recently a citizen's horse fell on him. Noth
ing like that ever happened to Henry T. Gage.
Four men in a Mississippi town killed one another
the other day in a discussion over a bill. They at
least had the satisfaction of closing the discussion on
dead even terms.
The Chinese are not a race to command sympathy,
but what have they done that Huntington should in
vite them to come within the sphere of his influence?
NEWS OF THE MINES.
That long-hoped-for and ever deferred
report of the California Debris Commis
sion on how the $500,300 voted for restrain
ing dams should be spent will probably
be forthcoming this summer. The Fed
eral engineers do not discuss the pros
pects of the report or the progress of their
investigation, but it may be stated that
there is little or no doubt that an ex
tensive and detailed report on this par
ticular matter will accompany their annu
al report, which is supposed to be ready
in July.
This is very cheering as far as it goes.
Whether or not the report will be very
cheering cannot be told. Mining interests
wanting some larger practical results
from Congressional and State legisla
tion, secured with great effort years ago,
have naturally been Jmpatient at the very
long delay. The attitude of many has
been, "Get In and spend the money some
how," but Federal engineers are gener
erally very self-possessed, and the Cali
fornia Debris Commission has used Its
own time any way. The fact that the
three engineers composing the commission
A Typical Private Restraining Dam for Hydraulic Mining in a Moun
ta\n Canyon as Approved by the Federal Engineers.
have also had in hand all the other ex- !
tensive Government work of the coast,
including harbors, fortifications and war
work, gives the main explanation -for the ;
delay.
However, the commission took hold of
the matter about eighteen months ago
and since then investigations have been
vigorously pursued mainly by Hubert
Vischer, who has been an assistant en
gineer in this employ for several years.
Part of Mr. Vlacher's time has been given
to inspecting private restraining dams
licensed by the commission, but he has
been mainly employed in surveys which '
have reference to the restraining of de
bris in the tributaries of the Sacramento.
His attention lias been given principally
to the Yuba, which has so great a deposit
of tailings along its "nod. Extensive sur
veys have been made at the Narrows and
at Dc GuejTe Point, above Marysville.
At the former place a series of borings
showed that bedrock was about eigtaty
five feet below the river bed and that a
dam there would jonsume most of the
$500,000. Incidental attention has been
given to the attitude of property-owners
and the cost of land used or submerged.
Besides the study of dam sites close topo
graphical and other studies of the Yuba
have been made from the Narrows to
Marysville, a distance of forty miles.
Years ago the condition of this* stream.
the amount of debris in It, the relation of
its debris to flow and overflow, etc.. were |
carefully studied. It is probable that the
information of the past will be collated
and supplemented by that recently gained,
so that the report will be an interesting
and important one ••oncerning the condi
tion of the Yuba. The possibilities of a
partial diversion of the Yuba will be dis- !
cussed among other things.
Mr. Vincher is now spending much of i
his time in that field while working up a i
voluminous report, which will be consid
ered by Colonel Mansfield, Major Hucur '.'
and Lieutenant Dekeayn, and which will
fono the basis of their report. There is j
thus a prospect that the California De- |
bris Commission will soon submit to the |
Chief of Engineers at Washington a
definite and comprehensive report on the
expenditure of $500,000 and the further
needs of the contemplated work.
Mixed up with the problem are the pos
sibilities of electric-power slants at any
I dams which may be built. For instance, a 1
I great dam on tne Yuba at the Narrows a j
hundred or more feet high would have
splendid economic possibilities in this j
line. There lies a small but interesting
! chance for government-ownership people j
I to talk. Smart men have been alert to !
1 this chance from the start, and among
them are the members of two companies,
largely composed of Marysville people, ;
who are waiting with all eyes open for a ■
chance to make money out of any water
power Uncle Sam may create on the
Yuba. They have carefully looked after j
their water rights in such a case and '
such water rights may become of legal
importance in the future.
The California Debris Commission has, '
since the passage of the Caminettl law, '
licensed over 300 miners or -lining com- i
panics to mine by the hydraulic process
behind restraining dams of their own i
construction built on approved plans, in
j spected on completion by a member of
i the commission and inspected at intervals
I afterward. No court or departmental rul- j
ings have so far affected the absolute con- '
trol of the California Debris Commission !
over hydraulic mining within the water- i
sheds of the navigable streams of the !
State. On the Klamath and Trinity rlv- I
ers hydraulic mining remains unrestricted ,
and unregulated.
The dams built on authorized plans and
duly licensed do not represent large in
vestments as a rule, and not all of the
licensed mines are operating; but In the !
aggregate they represent the employment
of many men and a considerable in
crease in the gold output. They are
nearly all built of logs and brush, gen
erally in a canyon not far below the scene
of operations. They are supposed to |
catch and to permanently hold practical- 1
ly all of the tailings, even if they are |
built of wood. The only dams that have j
failed so far have been two or three that
have been blown up with dynamite at
night by placer miners who objected to
the lessened current and the deposit of
gravel near their own claims. The ac
companying picture shows a dam about
filfed with tailings. More logs and brush
are supposed to raise the dam' for further
hydraulic operations.
A convention of the miners of Tuol
umne County will be held at Sonora on
the 20th inst. to organize a county branch
of the California Miners' Association.
At a recent meeting of the stockhold- i
ers of the Gwin mine the following offl- j
cers were elected: F. F. Thomas, presi- j
denf C. S. Benedict, vice president; J.
J Crawford, secretary; directors, E. C.
Voorheis, C. M. Belshaw, David Mc-
Clure Jr. and Dion C. Hyland. Dividend
No. 5 of $5000 has been declared, making
$G1.500 to date.
The miners of the vicinity of Volcano,
El Dorado County, Nev., organized a
mining district and elected J. W. Edmon
son recorder.
A new roasting furnace was given its
initial trial run at the Keeler soda works
Saturday. A large force of white men i
and Indians are being put to work har
vesting the soda deposits.
A vein of zinc ore has been discovered I
at Edgwood by Wilson brothers, it is
of a high grade and runs 14 per cent zinc.
Traces of lead were also discovered in
the sample upon assay. It is more than
probable that by sinking deeper a rich
body of zinc-lead ore will be uncovered.
This compound metal is in great demand
at the present time.— Yreka News.
In an interview in the Redding Search
light Albert Miller of the Coffee Creek '
section says: "The Searchlight has not
exaggerated the importance of the recent '
copper deal made at Carrville. Since the
property changed hands over 10.000 tons
of ore have been placed in sight by de
velopment work that can scarcely be said ;
to have begun-and at least 20 per cent ,
of the quantity is metal. Very little of \
it .carries sulphur, most of the ore being
red oxide or black carbonate, together [
with malachite and metal so nearly pure
as to be malleable. The owners unques- :
tionably are preparing to erect a sin
In brief, then, the situation is this: If;
this year's work confirms the superficial
indications of the camp's productiveness
it v.ill within the next year become one I
of the great mining centers of the ,
State "
The Mountain Copper Company has
made public its second annual report. The
report shows an expenditure of £.V2BB in
California and £487 in New Jersey during
1898. The net profits amount to f160,230,
against £63,145 in 1897. A dividend of 7V6
plr cent has been declared. The Quantity
of ore tak<*n out of the mine was 221,89 a
tons, averaging 8.42 per cent copper or
740 tons per working day, against 160,060
tons, averaging 8.56 per cent copper, or
550 a day in 1897; an increase of 56,830 tons,
or 190 tons a day. The quantity of ore
smelted was 168,541 tons, producing 10. .21
tons copper in matte form, against 97,18,)
tons producing 7238 tons matte in 1597.
This is an increase of 71.356 tons of ore
and 34^3 tons of matte. The quantity of
finished copper marketed was 5273 tons,
against 6025 tons in 1897, an increase of
2248 tons. J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
■
C. Berger of Campo Seco is at the Lick.
Dr. P. N. Russell of Fresno is at the i
1 Lick.
J. F. Clapp, mining man of San Andreas. |
is at the Grand.
M. S. Arndt, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the California,
Charles H. Lux and wife of San. Jose are
at the Occidental.
E. M. Armstrong, a merchant of Wood
land, is at the Grand.
Frank H. Short, the attorney, of Fresno,
is a guest at the Palace.
Joseph Spinney, ex-Mayor af Fresno,
and wife are at the Grand.
W. J. Cheney, a prominent merchant of
Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
W. H. Hilton, who owns large vineyards
near Glen Ellen, is at the Grand.
L. T. Appold. a wealthy merchant of
Baltimore, is stopping at the Palace.
Ogden Hoffman came down from So
nora yesterday and is stopping at the Oc
cidental.
G. C. Taft, the well-known mining man
of Spokane, accompanied by his wife, is
stopping at the Palace.
. Arthur Wilson, the Swedish-Norwe
gian Vice Consul, stationed at Portland,
is in this city on official business.
Former Superior Judge R. McGarvey of
T'klah and A. P. Wright, a cattle man of
Halleck, Nev., are guests at the Russ.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Livermore and Rev.
W. B. T. Smith and wife of Charleston.
N. H., are among the arrivals at the Pal
ace.
D. R. Cameron, the attorney, and P. Mc
; Rae, who has large oil interests in the
i south, arrived from Hanford yesterday
I and are guests at the Lick.
C. O. Johnson, superintendent of the
Ferrocarril Occidental in Guatemala, is a
guest at the Occidental. He states that
; his road will be bought by Huntington,
; who has an option on it.
Viscount William A. Labry, military at
j tache of the French legation at Tokio,
! Japan, returned to the California with his
I wife yesterday from a visit to the Yo-
I semite and Del Monte. Mr. Labry, who
is on a leave of absence, will depart to
day for an Eastern trip.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Minin. an armored cruiser in the
Russian navy, of 6136 tons and built in
1878, has been in the hands of dockyard
workmen for a couple of years past, and
when the alterations shall finally be com
\ pleted, some time not yet definitely de
cided upon, the ship will be used for
training purposes.
The keel of the battleship Bulwark was
laid at Devonport on March 20, and twen
ty-one days later the work had pro
gressed so far that several of the water
tight compartments in the double bottom
were tested. At this rate of speed of
! shipbuilding, the British dockyards are
I able to complete a 15,000-ton battleship In
j about twelve months, barring unforeseen
I delays in material, and there is no pri- '
vate shipyards in the United Kingdom to !
approach this record.
On January 1, 1899, there were 31 naval
I vessels of 410,985 tons in course of con
; struction In private ship yards and the
Royal Dock Yards, in Great Britain,
classified as follows:
FOR THE BRITISH NAVY.
Class of Vessels.
Tons:
Battleships
Armored cruisers
Cruisers • • ■ •
Gunboats •
Sloops . . ..... . . . . . ; . . ,
Torpedo-boat destroyers
Royal yacht ' <
12
5
11
4
6
17
1
167.700
60,000
51,740
2,800
6,880
6,440
4.700";
298.260
Totals
FOR FOREIGN NAVIES.
Class of Vessels.
Armored ships
Cruisers
Torpedo-boat destroyers
Torpedo-boats
Other vessels
7 83,920
5 20.870
15 4.620
7 980
1 2,375
35 I 112,725
Totals
The Sheldrake, gunboat, has returned i
to Devonport from the first of a series
of trials to test the working of the Bab
cock and Wilcox water-tube boilers, with
which the vessel has been fitted. The first
run, of 1000 miles, was made between
Plymouth and the Isle of Man, under fa
vorable conditions, with three-fourths
I boiler power, and an average of 1500
horsepower was realized. The grate sur-
I face was IS9 square feet, and the heating
rurface 6528 square feet. The coal con
sumption was 12.31 pounds per square fool
of grate surface, and 1.61 pounds per
horsepower. The total amount of coai
used on the run of 1000 miles was 71- f
tons, which is regarded as highly saU.-'v
factory, as the engine-room staff had r\*\
previous experience with this type ol
boiler.
As soon as the vessels built abroad for
the Japanese navy have been completed
the Navy Department intends to have a
series of competitive trial? of the ships
built in the United States, Great Britain,
France and Germany. The recently
formed Japanese Institute of Naval Arch
itects will thus have a good opportunity
of laying before the naval experts of the
world an interesting and instructive re
port of ships' trials.
The Eritish torpedo-boat destroyer Al
batross, built by Thorneycroft, had a pre
liminary trial last month and gave every
indication of coming up to the contract
speed of 32 knots. The wind and sea were
very unfavorable for a speed trial, but
her speed was nevertheless 30.3 knots
against wind and tide and 34.20 knots with
the wind and tide. The Albatross is 227
feet in length, 21 feet 3 inches beam and
displaces 360 tons on a draught of 8 feet
•5 inches. The boiler? carried a steam
pressure of 245 pounds during her trial
and the revolutions of the engines aver- L
aged 400.
The British cruiser Ariadne. 11,000 tons,
one of eight sister ships, has passed
through her acceptance trials with suc
cess. The first thirty hours' trial under
one-fifth power gave 375S horsepower, 13.3
knot speed and a coal consumption of
2.05 pounds per horsepower. The eight
hours' natural draught trial under full
power developed 1P. 156 horsepower, StLS
knot speed and a coal consumption of 1.6<?
pounds. The steam pressure was 28S
pounds and the revolutions 119. The Ari
adne was built by Thomson. Clydebank,
the contract exacting 18.000 horsepower
and a speed of 20.75. both of which re
quirements were exceeded.
GAGE ON A JUNKET.
Visits the Marion and Battleship
lowa With Members of His Staff.
Governor Henry T. Gage, Adjutant
General Peeler, General ' Barrett, Colonels
Doolittle, Sanborn, Snedake and Young
paid an official visit to the naval reserve
steamer Marion yesterday. The party
was received by Lieutenant Commander
Nearney,* Fleet Engineer Kingsland,
Fleet Surgeon Harris and Ensign Peter
son. After an examination of the re
serve ship the visitors went aboard the
Marion's launch and took a cruise around
the bay. _
■ ♦ «
Cal. glace fruit 50e per !b at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ »
Special Information supplied daily to j
business houses and public men by the ■■*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. -\*
■ ♦ ■
Flemish oak with ivory ornaments, Jap
anese gray, old Dutch, Persian green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and
English oak moldings for picture frames,
in beautiful new designs, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. Sv»- -
« ♦ ■
Two 1 American army officers in
Puerto Rico have married into native
families, and the engagement of a third
to a San Juan belle is announced.
Y. Jtf. C. A. Excursion via Burlington
Route.
Leaving San Francißco Thursday, May 18. 8
a. m., the Burlington route will run through
touvist cars to Chicago. In charge of a manager
for those desiring to attend the Biennial Con
vention, Y. M. C. A., to be held at Grand
Rapids. Mich., May 24.
Tourist cars will also run from Chlcasro to
Boston for those desiring to extend their jour
ney to Eastern points. Full information given
and reservations made at 32 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, or 972 Broadway. Oakland.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other cause*. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
slow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle,
. ♦ .
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO— Take advantage
of tfte- round-trip tickets. Now only SCO by
ate&mship. Including fifteen days' board atV
hotel; longer stay, »2 50 per day. Apply at
Sew Montgomery street. San Francisco.
■ m ■
"Women as a rale have very poor
memories, but they never forget the
people who say nice things about their
clothes.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
Nature makes the cures
after all.
. Now and then she ? gets
into a tight place and needs
helping out.; / ■
Things get started in the
wrong direction.
Something is needed to
check disease and start the
system in the right direction
toward health. *
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with hypophos-
phites can do just this.
It strengthens the nerves, J
feeds famished tissues, and
makes rich blood.
Vv." - 50c and $1.00 ; all dniczuta. '
, SCOTT BOWNE. ChcmistTNrwYwkSHIP CAPTAIN'S
INHUMANITY ON
THE HIGH SEAS
Refused to Land an
Injured Sailor.
CARRIED HIM TO UNALASKA
FOOT CRUSHED AND LEG BROK
EN BY THE BOOM.
Seaman Olsen "Will Bring Suit and
Endeavor to Collect Damages
for His Injuries and
Neglect.
"I never want to go to sea again with
a man like Captain Stensiand of the
schooner Uranus. He treated me in
the most brutal manner and I'll make
him pay for it if I live." Thus spoke P.
Olsen. third mato of the Uranus, aboard
the steamer Del Norte. For twenty
eight days the unfortunate sailor has
been suffering the tortures of the damned
with a broken leg and a crushed
and the chances are that to Bave his life
the limb will have to be ampu-
The steamer Del Norte returned from
L'nalaska yesterday, here with
ship car? : calkera to finish
some vessels fur the Alaska Exploration]
Company. When Captain Whitelaw and
hl6 men were up there last year they
were unable to finish one steamer and
a barge fur the Yukon trade, while work
on three barges lor the same business
was not . The men who went !
north on the Del Norte will complete I
brought down one passenger, the
sailor from the Uranus. The poor fel
low will :• I to the Marine Hos
y and it will be a long time
bout again. "We
Uranus < arly in April,"
day, "and it did not take
that Captain Stens
or. !!•■ would get ex
la hi a-; when the U ast
ime along, and in con- I
waj s in trouble. On
and 5 p. m. it was
- .: ■ Fresh and there was a
:: \\ c started
■ .. The foresail was
■: reefed but had not been set
had lowered the mai
The boom tackle was not
however, and It was swing
rom side to side, smashing things
ally.
jig that there was likely to be
done, I attempted to
hook the boom tackle. While I was at
work a big Bea broke aboard and washed
me into the scuppers. I scrambled to
my feet, when another sea knocked me
again. When i got up the second
time the lift of the boom broke and the
swung o r and knocked itae sense-
When I recovered consciousness I
was lying in my bunk with a broken leg
and a crushed foot.
"At this time we were about 500 miles
from Cape Flattery, and as I was In ter
rible agony I asked Captain Stensiand
to put into Puget Sound. He refused.
Baying that If he did his crew would de- i
pert. I told him If he would put Into !
Neah Bay he would find a tug there and j
t could go to Seattle on it. but he again •
.1. Then I asked him to make for I
island, as I knew there was a doc
tor there, >>ut be said: *No, I'll take you
to Unalaska and you must take "your j
char
h the assistance of Hans, the
cook, and Axtel, the head salter. I set
my leg myself. It is broken just below
de as good a job as
ilans pulled on my ankle and
on the thigh, and when I had
into place I put a couple
of a cracker box on the leg
■and it up. We were sixteen days |
• ) Unalaska. and during that
time we had some very heavy weather. !
My foot began to fester and I was in
i] agony. On May 3 a man came j
aboard the schooner at Unalaska and ;
looked at my leg. Hp advised that I be !
sent down to San Francisco, and as the
Norte was r< ady to sail 1 was put
aboard her. My foot was' fixed up and
put in splints, but on the way down it
hurt me so that I could not stand It. so
I got Captain Alien to take the splints
off. My whole foot was a festering mass
of flesh, and now I have no feeling in it
at all."
John D. Spreckels took a party of In
vited guests out on the tug Fearless yes
terday. Tt was the intention to do some
fishing on the Cordell Banks, but owing
to the heavy westerly swell the steamer
could not remain on the banks. The 1
ess therefore came- back Into port
and the excursionists did their fishing off
I.imc i
<"aptain Pierce of the Centennial has
tak'^n command of the transport Grant, '
In Arey, who goes back to his
home in : • tain Eagles suc
tnaster of the
nnial. Eagles was formerly master
of the £:ihu Thomson.
It pays better to be a dentist than an
oculist. A man has thirty-two teeth
aTid only two eyes.
ADVEBTISEMEI* TS.
« . -
(b©KS
V IN
THREE
MINUTES
mm TrfsPH
Eye Glasses On
Any Oculist's
prescription becomingly made to fit, and never
flip — or waver. New clip does It (50 cents).
Latest Eastman Kodak— the coat pocket
and makes large pictures at small expense.
OcullFts' prescriptions filled— Factory on
premises — repairing— Phone Main 10;-
Bausch & Lomb Zelss Stereo Field Glasses.
, OPTiCIANS^ nT hSAPHIC^PAWTUS.
r*n F .HOTOjf SciemTIFIC ■
; 642 Market 5t.. instruments
1 W»^.,., N u^ ■ j
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
WILL CONVENE TO-DAY
The Supreme Chief Companion, Supreme Sub-
Chief Companion and Supreme Secretary
of the Grand Circle.
THE Grand Circle of the Companions of the Forest, auxiliary of the Ancient Order of Foresters, English branch, A
will hold its first session in the Foresters' . building at 102 . O'Fafyell street, to-day, continuing in session V
two or three days. This order, which has for its purpose the relief of members who are sick and the burial of the q
dead, with a fixed amount to the relatives of deceased members, has at this time fifty circles, as the subordinate V
bodies are called, which are distributed in various parts of the Union. The majority are, however, located in A
California, as the Grand Circle is of local origin. The membership is about 1700. During the time since the adjourn- a
ment of the previous Grand Circle the membership Increased about four hundred, and there has been a marked in- -»
crease in finance In consequence of judicious management. The officers of the Grand Circle are: Sarah Beverson of "V
Golden Circle, S. G. C. C.; Virginia Cervalli of Mazzini Circle, S. G. S. C. C; Julia Bennett of Eureka Circle, S. G. T.; ft
Florence N. Morrow of Loyal Circle, S. G. S.; Madge Ash of Pride of the Forest Circle, S. G. R. G.; Vira McNorton of T
•Ivanhoe Circle, S. G. L. G.; Rose Banz of Liberty Circle, S. G. I. G.; Kate Futerer of Columbia Circle, S. G. O. G., and A
Alice Follett. of "Olympla Circle, S. G. H...?;: .' X
At the session there will be delegates from the following circles. Some of the circles will not send representatives on 6
the ground of expense and. distance, but will be represented- other than in the person of members: Washington , Circle, ♦
Mrs. M. E. Falconer; Eureka Circle, Miss Clara Sterns; Twin Peaks Circle, Miss Kate Downey; California Circle, Mrs. V
J. Abrams; Mazzini Circle, Mrs. Rosie Peters; Franklin Circle, Mrs. M. Konke; Artemis Circle, Mrs. J. Sieward; Valley X
Circle, Miss T. Fitzgerald and Charles Ball; Pride of the Forest Circle; Mrs. M. Murdoch and Mrs. E. Viers; Ivanhoe Cir- +
cle, Mrs. Pemberty and Mrs. Hanges; Sherwood Circle, Mrs. Kate Howard and Mrs. E. Furgeson; Sequoia Circle, Miss Q
Hannah Holmes; Olympia Circle, Miss E. Wonderllck; Columbia Circle, Mrs. M. Plunkett; OroFino Circle, Mrs. C.'Ba- +
son; Piedmont Circle, Mrs. Miller and J.J. Roberts; Harmony Circle, Mrs. E. Beauchemin; Sunshine Circle, Mrs. L. E. O
Polk; Alba Circle, Mrs. Ella Ayling; Loyal Circle, Mrs. Pritchard and Frederick Zimmerman; Liberty Circle, Mrs. M. +
B. Phillips; Mizpah Circle, Mrs. Krugle; Golden Circle, Mrs. Annie Page; Knaresborough Circle, Mrs. Mary Humphreys, ©
and Webster Circle, Mrs. M. Wilkins. * -f
Mrs. Virginia Cervalli is in line of promotion to the highest office, but she will have opposition in the person of 0
the incumbent, who would like to be re-elected, and there will also be one from Alameda County, whose name is not made +
public. The other candidates named are: Mrs. Madge Ash, for subchief; Mrs. F. N. Morrow, for secretary, without op- Q
position; Mrs. J. Abrams, for treasurer; Mrs. M. Plunkett of Sacramento and Mrs. Pemberty of this city, for right >
guide; Miss Rose Banz, Mrs. Alice Follett and Miss McNorton, for left guide; Mis. Sieward of this city for inner guard, 9
and Mrs. Kate Howard, for outer guard. A
On the night of the first day's sessions the delegates will be invited to a theater party, and on the following night X
they will be guests at a banquet given to them and the grand officers. '■':''.■'/-." O
♦ O*(HO-KH O ♦ O ♦ O ♦© ♦ O+O+O4O ♦©♦O+O+O+ O ♦ O ♦ O +O ♦ OXHO+O 4Q+O+O<K>+ O ♦ O ♦ O +O ♦ (HOKHCI
A SHARP CRITICISM ON
POLICE COURT METHODS
REV. F. C. LEES FEARLESS
UTTERANCES.
He Deplores the Weakness of Judges
and the Worthlessness of Their
Clerks — Other Thoughts.
In a prelude to his regular sermon last
evening the Rev. Frederick C. Lee of the
California Methodist Episcopal Church
delivered a sharp criticism on the ineth
f ods In vogue in the criminal courts. He
j stated that the latter were the refuge of
I criminals. In part he said:
From recent decisions It would appear that
[ those who sit for the upholding of the law and
i for the punishment of crime are laboring
under the delusion that they are the attorney
for the defendant; are on the bench not to
punish crime but to protect it; that the Polloe
Courts are the "'cities of refuge" for rogues
and rascals. Like a certain judge, whose
dough face can be seen upstairs in the Em
porium, they "crucify Christ and release
Barabas. Now Barabas was a robber."
Look at the clerk of the Police Court, so
anxious to accommodate the touts and gam
biers arrested at Ingleside that he went out
there carrying the court In his hat. Look at
Kelly, taking straw bail for the negro Wilson,
, doing court work in the dives and deadfalls of
the very thugs who are violating the law; ac
cepting bonds not worth the ink they were
■written with. Tell me that a Police Judge who
understood his business would not be aware
of such rascality and percentage game with
criminals? Look at the wholesale discharge
of Chinese gamblers and lottery men, arrested
with enough evidence to hang every one— if
gambling was a capital offense. Look at the
Jones case. Taking three Judges to try one
case. First, before Judge Mogan— result, dis
agreement; second, Judge Tread well — result,
sickness; third, Groezinger— result, "three
times and out."
In the police raids on Market street among
the gamblers arrested was one Hoffman. In
•side of ten days Hoffman was sent up for six
months, but the proprietor of the den where
the gambling was going on was discharged.
i Huffman was a "vag," the proprietor a "per-
I centage politician" with a pull. Consider the
decision given during the last week by the
"acting" (good word) Justice of the Peace
that the ordinance passed by the Supervisors
: and signed by the Mayor was unconstitutional.
A decision so rank and foul as to lead us to
brlieve that it Issued from the sub-basement
of the City Hall and not from a court room.
Why this uniform tendency and unseemly
ha«t>-" on the part of clerks and Judges to
favor the thugs and blacklegs? These law
breakers and criminals are favored and toadied
• every turn. Technicalities twisted in
their behalf but no technicality can count
against them. With their guilt patent to all.
the court takes delight in declaring "Go and
sin some more."
How can one help but feel that the whole
machinery, of our police system from curb to
Itanda for the protection and not for the
punishment of a certain class of criminals. In
place of the law being a terror to the evil
doer thp evil-doer rushes Into court knowing
that there he can find "sanctuary rights"
and any Fixbit police court pettifogger can
stand between him and the punishment he de
serves.
That rrime is on the Increase all over our
land is beyond denial, and I lay the fault at
the doors of our courts — In their delays, retrials
and acquittals of the guilty. What mean
these lynchintrs and mob-murders North as
well as South? They are due to the fact that
the faith of the people in the courts to do Jus
tice and punish crime has bepn shaken, and as
a result men have taken tho law Into their
own hands. Lynch law Ib to be deplored— but
better lynch law than no law. Better mob
law than allow crime and violence to go un
whipped of Justice.
Ask some old - 49er about the vigilance com
mittee? from '51 to T>6. Ask about old "Fort
Gunny bags," ami find out if therp was any
JuggllnK' with Jurlps, any questioning of the
records, any browbeating by a shyster criminal
lawyer of the Judge who hung Jenkins and
Ptuart. Casey and Cora. Thrpp. taps on the
old engine house bell meant the court was in
session, and woe be to the man who inter
fered!
What we need right here and now Is a
firmer, prompter, rarer administration of law
against crimes of all character and in all our
Whether the law shall act as a de
terrent to crime depends entirely upon the
certainty of its execution, hut our whole Judi
ciary is brought into wpU-mPrltPd contempt
wh»n the criminal knows that In thp courts
and behind the law he finds his best protec
tion.
I wonder what influence the new charter and
the coming election had upon these raocUt
"Dogberry decisions?" Verily I believe some
of these "dispensers of Justicp" must have
b«»en reading Holy Writ and following literally
the exhortation, "Make to yourselves frlpnds of
the Mammon of unrighteousness, that when ye
are cast out they may receive you."
Malt-Nutrine
Is prepared at our brewery and 'is guaranteed
unerjualed In quality, purity and medicinal
virtue. •'' ■
. . ANHETJSKR-BUSCH BREWING ABS f N.
- ■ » ■ '■■,;
ARANA'S TAMALE PARTY.
A Pacific-Street Social Winds Up in
a General Cutting Scrape.
Joseph Arana, the manufacturer of hot
tamalps, gave a social at his residence,
835 Pacific street, on Saturday night. The
affair was on one of the most liberal
schedules announced in the social world
in the Latin section of the city for the
present year. At the banquet table were
seated the elite of the tamale vender*
known to the host and hostesa in their
respective walks of life. The dinner, or
supper, or whatever It may be termed,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
progressed In a most satisfactory man- I
ncr until 5 o'clock on Sunday morning,
i when the church bells announced the '
j hour for morning service. At this time It
! was decided to adjourn, and as each par
■ ticipant had Imbibed liberally of good
! home-made wine, their blood was hot—
whether from the effects of the liquid
j or the stimulants prepared and concealed
i within the embalmed sea gulls Is not as
i yet known. Sufficient, however, has been
, ascertained to know that the police were
i called in to quell a general row.
One of the party possessed a guitar
I with which he furnished the music for
] the occasion. This was the innocent
i cause of bringing on the row that lodged
! five of the participants In the California
j street police station. Arana wanted the
owner of the guitar to leave It behind
him. This reauest was declined, and
with it a knife was used by Adolphus
Bertugo, a Mexican, on the person of
Arana, who received a cut on the left side I
of his neck and another in the breast, j
To have these treated he was conveyed ]
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital by Of
ficer Cavanagh, while Sergeant Ander
son and a posse of his men gathered
Bertugo, Cazaldo Garcia, Agnatus Gar-
I cia and Simon Garcia Into the patrol
I wagon and booked the three latter with :
! battery, while Bertugo had the honor of
an attempt to commit murder placed
against his name. In the meantime
Ar*na, having had his wounds dressed,
returned to his home, and, finding: no
Gpmbatant worthy of his attention,
Started in to beat his wife and her sis
ter. The ladies ran out of the house,
each blowing a police whistle and call
ing out "murder," "police" and every
other exclamation known by which as
sistance might be brought to their aid.
Officer J. Tuchler heard their cries and
hastened to their assistance. When he
arrived at the house he found Arana
master of the situation. He was soon
j cowed, however, and yanked to the sta-
I tion to keep company with his late ban-
I queting companions. The boisterous
quintet were conveyed to the Central sta
tion, where they were permitted to sleep
off the effects of red wine and embalmed
tamales. __^^_^^_________
SPRING FESTIVAL AND
MOONLIGHT PICNIC
■ : — # ■ .
UNITED GERMAN SOCIETIES
• GATHER AT SHELL MOUND.
Six Organizations Join in Giving an
Annual Reunion — Three Thou
sand' People in Attendance.
The eighth spring festival and moon
light picnic of the United German Socie
ties was held at Shell Mound Park yes
terday.. The societi?s represented were:
The Hessen Unterstuetzurigs ' Verein,
Baiern Bund, Schwaben Verein, Badischer
Verein, Sued Deutscher Verein. and Gam
brinus Verein. These six societies have
Joined in having an annual reunion for the
past eight years and the festivals have
always been uniformly successful.
Three thousand people gathered at the
grounds and enjoyed themselves to their
hearts' content. Five hundred little ones
were made happy, each being presented
with a prize, and the grown-up guests
patronized both pavilions/ where dancing
was kept up in full swing until 11 o'clock
last night. All the amusements at I the
park came in for a large share of atten
tion, the wheel of I fortune being especial
ly well favored -in that regard. '
The committees worked hard to insure
the success of the affair, which eclipsed
all former ones given by the joint socie
ties. ■' ; .-■ ■• ■ ■ ;•! -r £.^.
The committee of arrangements consisted of
John Hagler, president; Jacob Haas, vice pres
ident; F. Schweitzer, treasurer., and Frank
Huber, secretary.
• Reception ' Committee— Rumetsch, A.
Schoempf, C. Dresner, R. Cummerlander, Jo
seph Fries, John Neubauer.
Finance committee— Joseph Bucher, Jacob
Young E. Alber, P. Seebach, Philip Schmidt,
Jacob Noll.
1 Raffle committee— A. Gelselmann, P. Schmidt,
Charles Wucherer, Charles Schatz, F. Endlich,
John Horden. F. Muenzenmeler, ■A. Klein, C.
Mischfl, P. Hofman, Philip Houp, F. Kelser,
P. Seebach, R. Landman.
Bowling committee— Jacob Noll, R. Gehring.
K. Alber, Jacob Maas, John Henne, Charles
Voegtling, R. ' Ruf, J. E. Burkhardt, Joseph
Prize committee— John\ Hagler, John Neu-
Prize committee— John Hagler, John Neu
bauer. F. | Huber. :
Floor manager. John Pfannkuck.
Marshal, Ulrich : Remmensberger; assistant
marshal, Fritz Krug. ■-:- „ : -.
■ ,— ■ — * ♦ * — ~ — ~~
Wedding Invitations, visiting fine
stationery and . printing at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. . : •
HOSPITAL FENCE BLOWN DOWN.
The Wind Plays Pranks at the City
and County Institution.
Yesterday's zephyr with its gentle
touch visited the old rotten walls of the
City and County Hospital and In its
course leveled about 100 feet of the fence.
The crash was heard by the inmates
throughout the entire building, and for
a time there was the greatest confusion
among the more helpless of the sick, who
thought that the end of the world had
come. The young interns picked up their
kits and hurried for a safe retreat
through the back doors, while Steward
Edwards looked to his limited stores to
see what effect the racket had on his
store of molasses. Dr. Sussdorf hastened
into his private rooms and picked up a
life preserver. The corps of attendants
rushed into the back yard and got the
hose cart out with extended lines. In the
meantime the night watchman made a
hasty examination of the premises and
reported that nothing worse than a few
rods of the wooden fence had been blown
down. Quiet reigned at once when It was
found that the lower portion of the stone
wall had remained intact.
Out of all the damage done the Hospi
tal proper is the beneficiary, inasmuch as
it will have sufficient tire wood for the
balance of the fiscal year. About $100
will repair the damage done by the little
blast.
STABBED HIS MOTHER.
John Murphy While Drunk Demands
Money and Uses a Penknife.
Mrs. Bridget Murphy, a widow living at i
23 Clara street, was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital at an early hour yesterday
morning to be treated for a knife wound
In her abdomen, which she said was in
flicted by her son John. The wound Is
not serious.
She said that John, who was for some
years an extraman in the Fire Depart
ment and is married, had been drinking
heaviiy for some weeks, and about 1
o'clock yesterday morning he came to her
house with a man named John Brlckley.
He demanded money from her, and she
gave him some. Then he pulled a pen
knife out of his pocket and stabbed her.
The police were searching all day yes
terday for John and his friend Brickley.
but they could not be found.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
[letter TO bibb, PDOCHAM no. 46,970]
"I had female com-
plaints so bad that it
•
caused me to have
hysterical fits; have had
as many as nine in one
do
**7 *
"Five bottles of
Lydia- E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound
cured me and it has
been a year since I had
an attack.
ilrs. Edna Jackson,
Pearl, La.
■ . •' - ' _, - :; : ■•■ ' ■
If Mrs. PtnkKam's Compound will cure
such severe cases as this surely it
must be a great medicine — there
any sufferer foolish- enough not to
give it a trial ?
DRJEYERSica
•' -^■^--~^.' SPECIALISTS
£^Kgpl|k FOR MEN.
Jgjjffit^^^'^^fo (Established 18 years.)
&*&%£ «! Largest and best-
-4&31p V equipped medical in-
sbW I stltutinn and the most
fGbK&j /t*^§^fc extensive practice In
1113^^^ vNo.Pty Till Cored.
■ I Hi ' ■' /■ \^T' Unfortunate : men
SL'Tlikl'/ ' /C"<2i) i who cannot call should
\WW' /,/flJiEfe.l 'write for advice and
rni'f^iMß&^^e private book—
AmßriSf ALI < FREE.
\Wamf(lV( Thousands cured at
'/WvL iSlstiSßMxk home.-: All letters con-
l|| ,\\l > No Charge for ConiulUtiou
7Q| Market Street, ( Elevator 6
( lul San Francisco, i Entrance.
.... •,-. .■ .- ■.-...-.. .- . . ■ ~ ~ : — ; —
Radway's
Pills
': j Purely vegetable, ' mild and ' reliable. ' Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption = and
healthful regularity. • ■ ■■■ ... . . :
u; For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, -: Bowels." Kidneys, Bladder, - Female Ir-
regularities, 1 Sick -Headache,: Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and ' all '. derangements ;of ■ th» "
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists,
or to, mail. HAD WAX & CO.. New York. ; .
.^_*_ ."■ '- : ; ''■'■■■: :: ■■ ■ ; '...;.._. ' ADVERTISEMENTS. •-■'.-•/. ■/■■[ tV - -'-t ~.
% <s>O<s-O<J>O<J>O«>O^> O <J> O^O^O*O<^O^O<>O ♦os>o<B>o<so<s-o<s> O <B> O ■«> O^O^O^O-^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^ O <> O <J> O^O^O^O^O^O^
o ♦
o
o
J I
I OUR THIRD WEEK. !
s uun mmli iftttvi I
I I
I. iplffi During the THIRD WEEK 'of ♦
I . , our' REORGANIZATION SALE, %
0 which commences this (Monday) . £
o morning, we shall have the pleas- $
o ure of placing before our cus- ♦
1 tomers an inviting supply of bar- - _.. £
t gains in all of our various lines, ," • .♦
| V viz.: Cloak, Silk, Black and Col- ,- ♦
% ored Dress Goods and Domestic |
o departments. o
♦ ♦
8 Murphy Building. / O
! ■■; Market afld Jones Streets. I
o o
? ■ ■ !
° 2
i ■ ■..'■' '■".:■ : !
* I
° I
THIS DAY, MONDAY,
ON THE PREMISES.
ALL OF THE
FURNITURE
OF THE-
ALEXANDRIA HOTEL, 781 SUTTER ST.
100 ROOMS.
Consisting of Solid Oak Sets, Dressers, Che-
vals. Chiffoniers. Chairs, Rockers, Writing
Desks. Bookcases, Folding Beds, Box Couches,
Enamel Beds, Wardrobes, Blankets, Bedding,
Carpets, etc. . .
Will be sold by the piece, room or in lots to
suit. Open for inspection and sale from 9 a. m.,
781 Sutter street. /,.w-
Sale at 11 A. M. ■ continuously
■ until all sold.
N. B. — On account of the absolute necessity
to vacate premises at once, and the laree
amount of furniture, etc., to be disposed of, the
services of two prominent auctioneers have
been secured, namely— WM. BUTTERFIELD
and LAWRENCE VINCENT.
SWEET Ds » /»^
RESTFUL Woodbury's jmM
SLEEP Facial Soap t%^
Follows a bath with WOODBURY'S Facial
Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered - beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For ial«
•verywhere. • - ■ • •
fFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
' WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to &10 »-. &0Z
Order from $ I L 4>dO
Pants from .. $4 to slo
20 1 and 203 Montgomery St.,
fiiOand 11 12 Market St.. S.F.
485 .4-th STREET, OAKLAND, Cal.
000000000000000000
%™.f PALACE **•••
7i run hotels o
o SAN FRANCISCO, jj?
]*" Connected by a » covered passageway. .
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo »i h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under On* Management. O
O". v -. NOTE THS PRICES: O
0 European Plan.Sl.CK) per day and upward O
n American Plan. sJ>.OO per day And upward _
«* ■;.":> Correspondence Solicited. *9
0 JOHN" 0. SIRSPATRIOK, M&nagtr. O
000000000000000000
— — - J
+ At*&££tet2.*>-tM *"" Hls » non-poironoa»
A'/^ftW*^***^^! p medy for Gonorrhoea;
Jt'SPr COllEß^gaa Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
jWCyjf m l to 6 inTB.^W Whites, unnatural dig-
XKeUr QoAraotecd M rhargen, or any innamma-
P*«»JJ no» to stricture. tion, irritation or ulccra-
l^-jjPr«Te«u «in'-»gioQ. tion of «1 uC o v mem-
K*SrHFEvANBCHEMiniif!o, braneg. Non-astringent.
VafA CINCINNATI, 0 109 Sold by Oraesißl*.
V 3. a ~2!&L nr apnt ' n P lain wrapper,
jXaib,^ 'T express, nr^paid, fol
"^S^»^gS&^m $1.00, or 3 bottlo», 12.74.
v D Circular Mat on r*tzx<&
r% ■Pr nmi I I Corner Fourth and
Pntt HmYd o?rr k Vc- F B^
UHrLnuiHL f^Ov-oa t^in r d
Valises checked free.
yfS^TJEWF^STRONG&CO^^X
\i J
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTESJIND ZOO!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND , EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
WESTON and HERBERT, Musical Comedi-
ans: QUERITA VINCENT, the New York
Sensation: ANTONIO VERGAS, Barytone;
MABEL CRAIG, Serio Comic; the - 4 SAL-
VINIS, Acrobats: GEORGE H. WILSON.
America's Greatest Dancer; the HARTWELL
SISTERS. Acrobatic Dancers and NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
VISIT LUNETTE AND THE MAZE.
ARIZONA BILL and ZONA BELLE,
Snake Charmers, in the ZOO
"A BOX OF MONKEYS."
AN , ENTERTAINMENT
. To ,be given ; at the . ~
ALHAMBRA THEATER
■-'-—ON— '
TUESDAY EVENING ■ - - - - May 16 ;
At 8 -o'clock, ; ."'. *■;
Under the auspices of s the MASK AND GOWN
CLUB OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CAL-
IFORNIA AND THE U. C. WO- ;
: ->a- MAN'S GLEE CLUB. . .
' TICKETS 60c, ADMITTING 1 ONE.
The proceeds to be devoted to educational work
.wgr;- -among; young boys. [
' AMUSEMENTS.
The mONTROSE TROUF»E
(Six in number), ."-',>•"■',*
WORLD'S GREATEST ACROBATS.
THE ESCMWIILI-OS,
.-, C \ Marvelous Equilibrists.
EDNA AUG. Versatile Comedienne.
ZAZELL AND VERNON, LA PETITE LUND,
HUGH STANTON, JAMES RICHMOND
GLENROT, JOHN LE CLAIK.
Last week of the beautiful SISTERS HAW-
THORNE in "THE WILLOW PATTERN
PLATE."
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER"
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
LIMITED I ffilftiiSlWS.. ,
TIME . V.rVMT
IN WHICH I I M
TO ENJOY V^
AN UN- ..and..
LIMITED AT7T7 '"
LAUGH \j£ £ m ■■
PROYOKER.S BY A GREAT CAST.
Next Monday— KELGEY-SHANNON 00.
in "THE MOTH AND THE FLAME."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng.... Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— BEAUTY SHOW."
Offenbach's spectacular work, •
"ORPHEUS
•••AND...
EURYDICE!"
Scenes on the Earth, in the Heavens and in
. . the • Lower Regions. ' ' ■/*>»;. ~;
A SUPERB PRODUCTION.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. .M.
Ijniaiiifti Next, the new opera,
"- ■'- "THE MAISTD-A.R/lI'T."
....8y....
DE KOVEN AND SMITH.
POPULAR PRICES..... .........25c and 50c
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ■ NIGHTLY.
THIS EVENING,
The Famous
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In the most attractive Operatic Double Bill
Ever Presented in This City.
An Entire Grand and Comic Opera at One Per-
formance,
"H.M.S. PINAFORE"
AND ,
"CAVALLERIA.:. RUSTICANA."
2— DISTINCT CASTS— 2 •
PRICES:
Reserved Seats. .... — ■...'... :...U..25c and BOe
Gallery ..;. — • — ............. fiti ....15c
' Branch ticket Office at Pacific ■ Graphophone
Parlors, 724 Market st., opp. Call Building.
ALCAZAR.^™
, ' v IT'S UP TO YOU :
FOR A HEARTY LAUGH. ';. \:
LAST WEEK OF
Clay M. Greene's Farce Comedy,
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
PR1CE5. . . .". . . . -15c, 25c, 35c, 59c
Next Week-"1N MIZZOURA."
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
The Medical Department
v ' Of the : , •:
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
' Will hold ■its 1:
COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES
•■■■ In -conjunction with the
ACADEMIC DEPARTMENTS, *
— At— :
-- ■' . BERKELEY,
- WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, at 10:15 a. m.
SUTRO BATHS.
' OPEN NIGHTS.
, OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
, • BATHING FROM 7A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.: .
ADMISSION,; 10c: CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; Children. 20c.
OCEAN TRAVEL. ;~ ~
IBOILAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA BOU-
logne. ) The Short Route to Paris. •'. i
; NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), : STATENDAM 1 (10,500). First Cabin, »50
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
.- Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., $37. '■!■::.- ■.- '■■■'-% :■ r ;. ■. ■■ •-' >-i"S c . "•
•• Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
. Agents. 121 Market Street.' San Francisco. -r,
OGEUN TBAVEL :
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
■ t_^ Steamers leave Broadway,
aPw^^ wharf. San Francisco:
bbkuM^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
! msP9fe^ May 1. 6, 11. 16. 21, 2«. M:
1 lfl\ arGS^i June 6; change at Seattle.
1 IMkISaM \*l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ISgrJlsill C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^ s *&(WM\ Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. May 1. 6. 11, 16. 21.
•26. 81: June 5, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at. Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4.
9. 14. IS, 24, 29; June 8. and every fifth da*
thereafter. •
For Santa Out, Monterey, San 'Bimeon»
Cayuco«, Port Hart (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ana
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 4. 8. 12., 1«. 20. 24. 28:
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, ("topping only at Port Har-
ford. (San Luis Obiepo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May I. 6, 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. 30; June S. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Hex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an* >">"rs nf onlilnr.
TTCKKT OFnOB- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DTPFATrH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
T»Yom Pp^ar- street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DP $1 2 First Class including Berths
IniiL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 25: May I, 11, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May a.
18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
00 Market street.
GOODABb. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW FORK, SOUTHAKPTOir. LONDON, PARIS.
topping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May s*Pt. U>vl» May M
Paris May 10 Paris May «
St. Panl May 17 |Bt. Pau1.. ...... .June 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
' From New York Every Wednesday. IS noon.
Noordland ......May 8 Westernised ....May M
Friesland May 10 Kensington May XI
Southwark May 17 Noordland ......Jua* 1
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies. :
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA- and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo>, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Failing. •
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 23
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. 35. Other Steamers, fSOi
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furnessla. $24.50. OtBSS
Strs.. $23.50.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON ' BROTHERS. *
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New "Tor*.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery St..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 %'ew Montgomery £..
SAN FRANCISCO. •
fMnnnndl 8. S. Moana sails
r3fjfesK«a!L rla Honolulu and
•X 11 "* Auckland for Sydney
M Wednesday. May if.
e^y^ \' a at 10 p. m.
iSnMflNlinJ The S. 8 Australia
CyiWlllJllll/^ M ii for Honolnlu
(smp3R4h aT ce 2 dn p cS m. 7 - MaT ""
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New , Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMFAQNIS GENERALE TKANSATLAHTIQUg.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, m. *if S*rS
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■*™™"'* J "
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. May 20; LA
TOURAINE, May 27, LA GASCOGNE, June 3;
LA CHAMPAGNE, June 10; LA BRETAGNE.
. June 17. First class to Havre, $65 and upward,
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second class -
to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green,
New York. J. F. FUG & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco. :. ...
BAY AND KIVER STTSAJttSBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 8 p. . m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
* CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
1 Telephone Main 805.
FOB U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
-■. . . - ■':., Steamer "Montlcello."
, Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fridays.
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
: Landing and office. Mission-street : Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. ; ; i- . ,-
; FARE  ..„«,.......»•
5
■6
OAKLAND TAKES
TWO FROM THE
WATSONVILLES
Again Up Among the
Leaders.
PLAYS CHAMPIONSHIP BALL
AFTERNOON GAME THE BEST OF
THE SEASON.
a
Visitors Shut Out, While the Dudes
Score a Single Tally — Frisco
and Sacramento Break
Even.
Oakland made it three straight yester
day, barring a protest, by defeating: Wat-
Eonvllle In the morning and afternoon.
thereby jumping from fourth to second
place, providing Manager Btruve's protest
is disallowed. This protest came in the
afternoon and is a double-barreled shot
at the Dudes. It alleges that the members
of the Oakland team made up a pool be
fore the afternoon game and wagered with
an enthusiastic Watsonvillian that they
would take that contest As a second
cause for complaint he alleges that Fred
l^ange plnyed ball behind the umpire's
Lack in ihc sixth inning and prevented
Hanson from scoring. As for the first
charge. It remains for President Moran
to decide; the second Is childish, for
Lange merely blocked the inner corner
of third base, making Hanson run around
him when the runner attempted to go in
from second on Brockhoff's single to right.
This gave Hurdle plenty of time to get
the ball to Hammond, who effectually
blocked Hanson, cutting him off at least
three feet from satety as he came In on a
slide. It was good ball playing on Veteran
1- red s part and stupid base running on
Hanson's, for the latter, instead of slid
. ing. ought to have "roughed it" under |
the circumstances, seeing that his path
was blocked, and jolted Hammond out of
the way if he could. But such is base
tail.
The morning game was not worth look
. Jng at, unless one considered "Little
tgypt a thing of beauty. Oakland, re
inforced by Johnson, who played first for
(the Athletics last year, and is as good as
the best of them in the position, simply
toyed with the Sugar Beets, killing two
Pitchers and paralyzing the third, and
winning by a score of 10 to 2. Hines
started in to do up packages for the vis
itors. He did the same work for the Ath
letics last year, with indifferent success
In the second inning, after he had given
a base on balls and been touched up for
a double and two singles, he was sum
?R ll ] e , ben< r h and Wh,ian substi
tuted. The latter lasted five innings, and
then, when the game was rrevofebly lost
tho rr^-r a M CUlled ln from right to finish
the game. He proved the best of the lot
SmvnnSSXi but he could not win the
B ,^^
,L^/s^dx:
fln??h r o^e?a a^pi
earn.' only noteworthy incident of the
• ' itcome of a waeer ho
■ Hardif^and
„ . .uange. The former watered hi*
ssu. 'si Srfci
he will shave his upper lip to-day pur 
nn a f c ir a , soft; whlte hat - Ilk!, the ohe CoN
rl E V, n * wears; nd be real wicked
w,« «h ■ tern Came at Recreation Park
was oh! so different from the morning
S,?rti« Large , sections of the lot came
whirling in almost incessantly, envelop-
Ing the players in clouds of dust and
temporarily blocking the proceedings It
wfjs the worst day ever experienced' by
a crowd of fanatics at the park, but not
one of them became discouraged- the
game was too hot for that.
Harper and Moskiman were the oppos
ing pitchers, the latter having a shade
the best of It. Another such game has
not been witnessed here this season not
excepting the fourteen-inning game be
tween Frisco and San Jose at the open
♦ *« , i. waß mt Jt \ smash, bang from start
, to finish. The ball seemed to be ever In
the air. and the 5000 spectators were al
ways shrieking at the circus catches and
Denny stops and pickups that marked
the game from start to finish. The crowd
Beemed to be' with the under dog which
in this Instance, was Watsonville, it hav
ing already lost two games of the series
but every play was applauded to the
echo.
The dust blew in in clouds; every batter
that came up had to waft for the clouds
to roll by in order to get a chance to
s»vat the sphere, and swat It they did.
Every fielder saw the ball disappear iii
n cloud of dust, and moved over to where
he thought it ought to come down and
... waited for it. to , reappear. Sometimes
they judged it accurately, and again the
wind would carry it over to the next gar
den, but somebody always got it. It was
GERMAN COUNT
UNDER ARREST
Accused of Taking
a Woman's Purse
With Felonious
Intent.
PARL WERNER, who claims he
is a German Count, is locked up
I. In the City Prison charged with
v>^ felony embezzlement.
Werner, who is also known as Max
Webber, recently went to San Jose
and became infatuated with a woman
named Blanche Westbrook. He took
her for a drive, and on their return
to San Jose Werner asked his female
companion for her purse, after prom
ising to take care of it until she re
covered from the "effects" of the
drive. The following day the woman
went in search of Werner, expecting to
get her purse, which contained $18 in
money and two valuable diamond
rings. To her surprise she discovered
that he had left San Jose, taking the
purse and the precious contents with
him.
Miss Westbrook lost no time In hunting up Justice of the Peace Rosen
thai, who after listening to her story issued a warrant for the arrest of
Wrrner on a charge of embezzlement.. The warrant was sent to Chief Lees
and turned over to Detective Anthony to be served. . ... '
Yesterday Anthony located the alleged Count in a house. on Albion ave
nue and took him into custody. Ho was immediately escorted to the City
prison and locked 'up in a cell In default of the necessary bonds. •
When questioned, the prisoner denied that he had taken Miss Westbrook* s
purse.
"I had about a hundred dollars In my pocket, and, anxious to have a
good time, I took the train for San Jose. While walking along one of the
principal streets I met Miss Westbrook, whom I have known for. some time.
We had several bottles of wine together, and at her suggestion I; hired a
team and we went for a drive. She became Intoxicated, and thinking she might
lose her purs« I asked her for It, after telling her that I would, return it to
her as soon a 6 she got sober. After we had returned from the drive she
asked me for the purse and I gave It to her. I left San Joße that evening
and came, to this city."
. Werner declared that the woman was angry with him on account of hla
refusal to marry her. He claims that he receives a monthly allowance from
Germany, but admits he is frequently compelled to do menial work to ~sup
port himself. The claim that he Is a German nobleman is not believed by the
police.
simply marvelous the way thoße men
played ball, and to enumerate the star
plays would be to hand a special bouquet
to every man in both nines. Smash bang, I
and the ball sailed into the outneia or
plowed through the dust, to be eaten up I
by an infield* r.
Wattonvillc was phut out, but Oakland
only scored one run. and. that was wall
earned, so that tolls the kind of ball that i
was played. For seven innings it ran ;
along oven though Hanson came Within
an ace of Bcorlng in the sixth. In tne
eiphth. however. Oakland pulled out a
"■on in this way: Johnson, the new
first baseman, opened with a single. Har
die flew to Morrow and Dunleavy -worked
a base on balls, advancing Johnson to
second. Moskiman followed with a
single. ■ sending him to third, and
Donovan's second hit scored the omy
run of the game. A base on balls to
B< hmeer fill*] the bases, but Dunleavy
was pinched at the plate by Morrow s
throw in from ripht. and Lange flew to
Hayes. That was all, except Manager
Struve'a protest, the two scores being as
follows:
MORNING GAME.
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Rrockhoff, 3 b ..2 10 10 3 i
McCarthy, « s 4 l l l 2 1 i
Courtney, c. f 4 0 1 1 2 0 1
Selna, l b 4 0 0 0 s l 0
Plake. 2 b 3 0 1 0 2 0 2 :
Morrow, r. f. & p.. 3 0 0 0 4 1 0
Hayes. 1. i 2 0 0 0 111
Hanson, c 3 0 0 0 4 12
Hines. p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whelnn. p 3 0 _0 Jj> JL _0 j>
Total ... 2S 1 3 3 24 6 8 .
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, r. t 3 0 1 1 4 0 0
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 0 0 0 5 li
Ivrnfre. 3 b 5 2 3*lol
Hammond, c r. 2 2 1 5 2 0
Peeples. 2 b 3 1.21421
Johnson. 1 b 5 1 1 0 11 1 0
r.f421 0 1 0 1 .
Dnnleavy. 1. * B 2 3 0 1 0 0 :
Russell, p 3 0 2 0 0 3 0.
Total 37 10 15 3 27 IS 4 !
RUNS BY INNINGS.
W.itsonville 0 0 0 00100 I—2'
P&M hits 0 1000010 I—3 ;
Oakland l 3 3 2 0 10 0 •— lO
hit! 3 3 2 S 0 2 2 0 •— ls
SUMMARY.
Home run -Dunlenvy. Three-base hit —
Lain;.- Two-base hits— Johnson, McCarthy. ;
First ba?.- 'in called balls— Oakland 5, Watsnn- I ]
vllle I sea I >u.klar.d IP. Watsonvllle ' j
. k out in Kuss.'ll 3, by Morrow 2. Hit j
by pitcher — Donovan, Double plays— Donovan \ '.
to Hammond, Hanson to s-'ina, McCarthy t'> ; i
Plaice t'> Selna, Time of game— l hour and <0 I
minutes. L'mpire— Cahill.
AFTERNOON GAME.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 0 2 1 3 0 01
Sohmeer. s. s 3 D 0 0 1 5 0
Lange. 3b 4 0 0 n 1 2 1
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 2 10
B, Ib 3 0 10 12 0
Johnson, lb 3 1 1 0 12 0 0
Hardie. r. f 3 0 0 0 1 1 0 !
Dunleavy, 1. f 2 0 1 0 3 0 0! (
Musklman, p 3 0 10 3 10,
Totals 2S 1 6 1 27 12 1
WATSONVTULE.
AB.- R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brorkhoff, 3 b 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
McCarthy, s. s 3 0 0 0 5 3 3
Courtney, c. t ...3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Selna, lb 3 0 0 0 7 101
Plake. 2b 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
v. r. f 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Hayes, 1. f 3 0 0 0 6 0 0
Hanson, c I 0 1 0 4 t 9
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0;
Totals 27 0 3 0 24 12 3 I
RUNS BY INNINGS.
WatsonvUle o 0000000 o—o I
Ba?e hltF 0100 02 0 0 o—30 — 3 j
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 •— 1 ,
Base hits 10 0 0 110 3 ♦— 6 |
SUMMARY.
Run responsible for — Harper. Two-base i
lilt— Hanpon. Sanrlfic hit— McCarthy. First
n errors— Oakland 3. Watsonvllle 1. First
i! called balls— Oakland 2, Watsnnvlle 1. I
in bases— Oakland 5, Watsonvllle 2. j
Struck out — By Moskiman 1, by Harper 3. I
plays— Johnson unassisted; selna to i
McCarthy. Passed ball— Hammond. Time of
(fame— i:S»>. Umpire— Cahill. Official scorer—
•ton.
Harris Smiles Again.
SANTA CRUZ, May 14.— The game this
afternoon between San Francisco ami
' Santa Cruz had an unsatisfactory ending.
By agreement between the captains of the
teams it was decided to end the game at
! 3:40 so as to enable the visitors to catch
I the train for home. T"p to that time only
Beven innings were played, the score being
7 to 5 in favor of San Francisco. Umpire
j O'Connell's decision met with disapproval
by a large crowd of "fans," who followed
him to the train, expressing their opinion
of his decision. The game was well '•
played, although Santa Cruz suffered
some handicaps. In the third inning Pace
had to retire owing to an injured hand.
; Strieb taking his place behind the bat. In
the seventh Donlin was ruled off the dia
mond because of interference with a '
■ player who was running to second base. ,
Donlin protested that the umpire had not :
' ruled a San Francisco player off, although
; the latter had held First Baseman Clark's
. hands to prevent him from throwing to :
1 the man at third base. Cameron took 1
j Donlln's place. It was in the seventh in- :
i ning that the Santa Cruz batters landed |
!on Fitzpatrick, batting out four runs, i
, A three-bagger was made by Clark. In '■
the same inning Reiley knocked the ball 1
■ over the fence, making a home run. Fitz- :
Patrick and Balsz pitched good games, j
The attendance was large and the
weather windy. Score:
SANTA CRI'Z.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
■Williams. 2 b 4 1 3 0 2 4 1
Donlin. r. f 3 1 1 0 0 0 0
■aux. 3 b 4 0 1 1 2 4 1 j
Pace c. & ib 3000700
Clark. 1 b. & 1. f.... 4 0 2 0 8 10:
Smith, s. F 3 0 110 3 2 1
Strieb, 1. f. & c 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
' Drennan. c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Ualsz, p 2 2 10 0 10
Burge, 1. f 1 1 1 0 0 0 1
Total 30 5 10 2 21 13 6 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, c. t 3 10 0 0 10
Krug\ 6. s 3 2 10 4 11
Rltey, 3 b 3 2 10 110
Sullivan, 1 b 4 0 10 9 10
Hilderbrandt, r. f.. 4 1 1 1 2 0 0
Jlullor. 1. f 3 0 2 10 0 0
O'Neil. 2 b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Swindells, c 3 0 0 0 4 3 1
Fltxpatrtck, p 2 10 0 12 0
Total 28 7 6 2 21 11 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Panta Cruz 0 0 1 0 0 0 4— D
Base hits 2 12 0 2 0 3—lo
San Francisco 1 0 3 0 0 0 3—7
Base hits 1 110 10 2—6
SUMMARY.
Earned nun — Santa Cruz. Home run— Riley.
Three-base hits— Balsz, Clark. Sacrific hit —
Riley. First base on errors — Santa Cruz 7, San
Francisco 3. First base on called balls — Santa
Cruz 3, San Francisco 3. Left on bases— Santa
Crag 7. San Francisco 2. Struck out — By Balsx
5, by Fltzpatrick 3. Passed ball— Pace. Time
of game — 1 hour and 30 minutes. Umpire —
O'Connell. Official Scorer— H. Fleisig.
Senators Win a Game.
SAN JOSE, May 14.— The San Joscs and
Sacramentos broke even in the two
games they played here yesterday and
to-day. The visitors won to-day, the
soon* being 10 to 3 in their favor. A high
wind and clouds of dust interfered with
the playing. Doyle pitched a fine game
for the Sacramentos. He struck out
seven men, to four by Borchers. Six
costly errors made by the home team
and a failure to connect -with the sphere >
with their bats at critical times tells the
story of their defeat. Truck Egan again
played with the Senators, and San Jose
again protested the game on that ac
count. There was a large attendance.
Score:
SAN JOSE.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MoOurken, cf 4 0 2 0 2 1 0
Klth.r. ss 3 0 1 1 4 2 1
Anderson, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 4 1 i
Dalrymple, If 4 0 0 0 3 0 0 '
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 0 7 0 1'
Foley. rf 4 0 0 1 1 0 Of
Fessel, 3b 4 1 2 0 0 2 2 (
Borchers, p 4 l l 0 0 2 1 '
Kent, c 4 114 4 10*
Totals 34 3 7 6 24 12 6 ,
SACRAMENTO. (
AF!. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. (
Stultz, 2b 3 22 0 110,
Mclaughlin, 3b 6 1112 2 0
Harvey, If 4 0 10 0 0 0 1
Doyle, p 5 0 0 0 0 2 0 ]
Ktriui. ss 5 2 2 116 1.
Stanley, c 3 10 0 5 10"
Shanahan, lb 4 1 2 0 12 0 ".1 1
Sheehan, cf 4 1 0 1 2 0 0 i
Billings, rf 3 2 10 4 0 0 )
Totals 36 10 9 t 27 11 .1 1
Runs by innings:
San Jose 0 01 0 3 0 0 0 o—3 .
Base hits 10301100 I—7 '
Sacramento 13120030 x— i
Base hits o 2 2 3 0 0 0 2 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers, 1; Doyle 1
Three-base hits— Kent and Eftan. Two-base hits i
— Shanahan. Sacrifice hits— Kllber. Anderson. .
Stultz. First base on errors— Jose. 2; Sac
ramento. 3. First baae on called bolls— Oft ■
iJorcners, 4. Left on bases— Jose, 6; Rac- '■
ramento, 6. Struck out— By Doyle, 7; Bor
cners, r 4 Hit by pitcher— McGucken. Passed
b ! ills-Kent. 1. Time— l hour 55 minutes. Um
pire—Rube Levy. Official scorer— James Doyle.
WIN THEIR FIRST MATCH.
California Cricketers Defeat Pacifies
After a Close Struggle.
Yesterday the Pacifies met the newly
organized California cricket team for the
first time. The Pacifies went to the bat
first, but none of them except Myers and
Simmonds (the former of whom scored
2S and the latter 16 not out) made any
stand against the bowling of Cookson
and Sloman. Throe wickets were down '
for 45 runs, and the Innings closed for
54. Of the Californias, Dlckenson, who
scored 42. was the only batsman to make
double figures, and the innings ended for i
63 runs. Sewell bowled well for the Pa- '•
clfics taking five wickets for 34 runs.
On going to the wickets for the second
time only Myers and Simmonds made any :
stand against the bowling of Cookson,
who took .five wickets for 3 runs, or an
average of three-fifths of a run per
wicket.
When six wickets had fallen Captain
George Theobald declared the Innings
closed, the total for both innings being 92
runs. California thus had 30 runs to
make to win, and succeeded In doing so
for a loss of four Wickets. California
thus won its first match of its season,
and the Pacifies lost their second. The
scores and bowling summaries are given
below:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— FIRST INNINGS.
.T. Myers b. E. G. Sloman 28
G. Theobald b. Dickenson j
C. Simmonds not out v
C. P. Coles b. E. O, Sloman o
Fane Sewell c. Cookson b. E. G. Slnman 0
J. H. Harbour b. Cookson 5
A. \V. Wilding b. Cookson 0
J. T. Bickerdlke run out 0
W. G. Selwood b. E. G. Sloman 0
Wide ball 1, bye 1 2
Total first Innings 54
Runs at the fall of ear-h wicket: 1 for 9, 2
for 43, 3 for 45. 4 for 45, 5 to 10 for 54.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. W. B. R. M. W. Ay.
Cookson 0 84 34 3 2 17
Dlckenson 1 54 14 2 1 14
Sloman 0 26 5 1 4 1.25
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB-FIRST INN
INGS.
E. O. Sloman b. Simmonds 3
L. Sehroeder b. Sewell jl
A. Dlckenson c. 3lmmon<ls b. Harbour 42 ■
A. D. Reynolds b. Sewell 0
H. H. Cookson c. Myers b. Sewell 0
G. C. Farrell b. Harbour g
F. M. Gunn c. Myers b. Sewell 4
J. D. Robertson c. sub. b. Sewell 1
A. Willis not out 3
v. Beebeck did not bat
Wide 1
Total first Innings 63
Runs at the close of each wicket: 1 for 3
2 for 13. 3 f.>r 18, 4 for 24, 5 for 49, 6 for 6S, 7 for
59. 8 for 63.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. W. B. R. M. W. Ay.
Snvell 0 56 34 0 5 6.8
Simmonds 1 36 15 1 1 13
Coles 0 12 8 0 0 —
Harbour 1 10 4 0 2 2
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— SECOND INN
INGS.
J. Myers c. sub. b. Cookson .-...A?.
C. Simmonds c. Sloman b. Cookson 12
C. P. Coles run out 4
F. Sewell b. Cookson 1
J. H. Harbour St. Sloman b. Cookson 0
G. Theobald not out 1
A. W. Wilding not out 0
J. T. Blckerdlke b. Cookson 1
W. G. Belwood did not bat
Wide 1, leg byes 5 6
Total second Innings 38
Total first Innings 54
Grand total both Innings 92
Runs at the fall of each wicket: 1 for 30, 2
for 34, 8 for 35. 4 for 35, 5 for 36. 6 for 38.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler. W. B. R. M. W. Ay.
Reynolds — 24 17 — — —
Dickinson 1 54 12 2 — —
Cookson — 36 3 3 5 .6
In the second Innings the California team
scored 30 runs for 4 wickets and won the game.
. ♦ ■
Two Ten-Bound Bouts. i
OAKLAND, May 14.— Great interest Is
being taken in the two 10-round contests
to be held before the Reliance Athletic
Club next Friday evening. The contests
will bo between Teddy Mercer of Oak
land and Henry Martin of Oakland,
weight 150 pounds, and Phil Green, the
soldier, and Joe Cotton of Los Angeles,
weight 158 pounds.
Wednesday evening will be ladies' night
and a fine programme has been arranged,
consisting of solos by well-known sing
ers, music by the Reliance orchestra and
California Mandolin and Guitar Club.
■ ♦ ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Bait
water direct from ocean.
Medical Department Commencement, i
The commencement v exercises of : the
"University of California, i Medical Depart
ment, will be held at Berkeley in conjunc
tion with the ■ academic i departments of
the university on Wednesday next at
10:15 A. M. ;?.'.r.:::' ■■
— •—
A Successful Bally.
The rally conducted at the Bethel A. M.
E. Church last evening by Rev. W. B. An
derson was largely attended and over
$800 was donated by the congregation. The
pastors and congregations of the Third
Baptist Church and Zion Church were
present and took part in the services. A
large crowd from Oakland also attended.
Floral and plain crepe, tissue paper,
flowers and lamp shades, cheap, at San
born & Vall'B, 741 Maxkat «tra«t. •
CONNEMARA WINS
THE OPEN STAKE
AT UNION PARK
Outclasses Log Boy,
the Runner-Up.
BIG DAY FOR SHORTENDERS
JOHN GRACE ENGAGED TO SUC
CEED JUDGE BULL.
He Forsakes Ingleside for Its Rival.
Santa Ana Dies Suddenly in Her
Kennel After Finishing
a Course.
Connemara won the- open stake at
Union Coursing Park yesterday afternoon
In the presence of nearly 4000 spectators,
the runner-up being I,og Boy. The lat
ter, who won- his preliminary courses in
a creditable manner, although slightly
favored in one or two instances by the
hare, was clearly outclassed in the final
course with the black dog, who was a 6
to 1 favorite. The fact that Connemara
was the stake favorite was one of the
few examples of sound judgment exhib
ited by the talent during the day, for the
short-enders got the flag with distressing
regularity in the preliminary rounds. j.ae
first course of the day proved to be a
regular Waterloo for the favorites, no
less than twelve short-enders displaying
winning form, while in the succeeding
courses the average of wins by the rear
guard was pretty well maintained.
Commodore Nash was the first to upset |
the calculations of the talent, defeating I
Lawrence, a 5 to 1 favorite. For Glory,
at 1 to 5, beat Victor; Las Palmas, at 1
to 4, beat Rollicking Airs; Rosie Clalr, at
3 to 5, beat Kid McCoy; Flying Faster, at
1 to 6, beat Lowlander after a. "no go";
Soubrette beat Emm Pasha at 3 to 5;
Maori Land, at 3 to 5, beat Battleship;
Firm Friend, at 2 to 5, beat Petronius;
Miss Skyrocket, at 1 to 5, beat Golden
Russett; Lady Emma, 3 to 5. beat Patria;
and Santiago beat Minerva, 4 to 5, all in
the lirst round.
A stiff breeze swept over the field and
through the grand stand all day, much
to the discomfort of the spectators. The
hares did not take kindly to the wind,
and the courses as a rule were short,
but the sport was nevertheless exciting. !
John Grace, judge at the Ingleside
Coursing Park, has entered into a con
tract with the Union Coursing Associa
tion whereby he is to act as judge at
Union I'ark. negotiations to that end,
which have been pending for some time
past, having been consummated. The an- j
nouncement was made yesterday after
noon. The exact date when Judge Grace
will assume his official duties is undeter- j
mined for the present, but a decision will 1
probably be arrived at some time this
week. Judge Bull's contract with the!
association does not expire until the Ist !
of September, but he has expressed his !
desire to return to his hom^ in England,!
and it is possible that he may taku advan
tage of the present opportunity, in which j
event Judge Grace will soon be seen on I
the field, where he is surt to meet with a !
warm welcome. James Grace has been I
engaged as slipper.
Santa Ana, the promising' young bitch
owned by R. B. deß. Lopez, died sudden
ly in her kennel a few minutes after be
ing brought in from the field after her
course with Log Boy. A rumor gained
circulation that she had been poisoned,
but there seems to be no ground for such
an assumption. Mr. Lopez took Santiago
into the slips, and when he returned I
Santa Ana was dead. She was about 19
months old, and was one of the four San- I
tas. all of whom are well and favorably j
known by breeders and racers of the long I
tails.
Miss Grizzle was the winner of the Ex
tra stake, the final rounds of which were
run off yesterday. The winners of the
various rounds in the two stakes yester
day were as follows:
Open stake, second round— J. P:rry'B Com
modore Nash beat H. A. Deckelman's Law
rence; D. J. Healey's Rusty <s>ld beat J.
O'liowiis Scout; D. J. Healey's For Glory beat j
Handy & Smith's Victor; J. Keenan's Black
L>ck beat F. Moran's Snap Shot; J. C. O'Don
nell's Las Palmas beat J'asha kennel's Rollick
ing Airs; Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran beat
T. J. Harrington's Mercy May; Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Roslc Clalr beat EL M. KelloßK's
Kid McCoy; F. Moran's Flying Faster beat I
I/owe & Thompson's Lowlnnder: J. Maher's
Soubrette beat Pasha kennel's Emln Pasnu: 71.
A. Deckelman's Rocket beat Hurley <v Itiipys
O. K. Capitol; D. J. Healey's Maori Land beat !
j. Byrnes' Battleship; John Kuan's Mayflower
beat D. Ford's Bonlta; J. O 1 Shea's Young I
America beat Curtis .<• Sons' McKinley; .James
Dean's Connemara beat J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael; Pasha kennel's Firm Friend beat
Handy & Smith's Petronius; G. Sharman »
Miss Skyrocket beat F. Muran's Gulden Rus
set; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma
beat Lowe & Thompson's Putrta: Courtney ,'t
Horen's Douglas beat G. J. Panario's High
Flyer; J. Cornell's Log Hoy beat Lark.y ft
Rock's Myrtle; R. E. de B. Lopez' Santa Ana
beat Handy & Smith's Dauntless; Handy ,t
Smith's Ben Bolt beat E. Bauermeister's Aln
ninK Ways; Handy & Smith's Victor vueen
beat J. J. Edition's Morning Glory; R. K. de H.
Lijiez' Santiago beat Latkey &• Rock's Min
erva; Dennis & Porter's Interesting beat M.
London's Mapneto.
Third round— Runty Gold beat Commodore
Nash; For Glory beat Black Lock; St. Oran
beat Las Palmas; Rosle <'lair beat Flying
Faster; Rocket beat Soubrette: Maori Land '
beat Mayflower; Connemara beat Young I
America; Miss Skyrocket beat Firm Friend;
Lady Emma beat Douglas; I/O(j Boy beat
Santa Ana; Santiago beat Ben Bolt; Interest
ing beat Victor Queen.
Fourth round— Rusty Gold beat St. Oran:
Rosle Clair beat For Glory: Rocket beat Maori
Land; Connemara boat Miss Skyrocket; hop
Boy beat Lady Emma; Santiago beat Interest-
Ing.
Fifth round— Rusty Gold heat .Rosle Clair;
Connemara beat Rocket; Log Boy beat San
tiago.
Sixth round— Connemara bent Rusty Gold;
Logr Boy ran a bye with Morning Glory.
Final— Connemara beat Log Boy.
Extra stake, fourth round— John Kerrlpan'tJ
Llghtfoot beat J. O'Brien's Pretender: T. F.
Logan's Miss Grizzle beat Yosemlte kennel's
Mose.
Final— Miss Grizzle beat Llghtfoot.
- — « — _,
Merry Maiden Took the Purse.
LOS ANGELES, May 14.— The weather
to-day was perfect for coursing, and in
consequence a large crowd went nut to
Agricultural Park, fully 2000 people being
/jn attendance. Tho stake was a 32-dog
Ojcn, and was won by Passon's Morry
Miclden. Adams' Nashville second. Lassie
Hays third, Fleetfoot fourth. The rest
divided. Wiiile thf-re were no special fea
tures, the sport as a whole was good
throughout and the public well satisfied.
Yesterday's Handball Games.
The games played at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court, Sfi Howard street, yesterday
afternoon were fully up to the usual
standard. J. Harlow, who has been get
ting himself into condition lately, played
a first-class game in connection with A.
Hampton against J. C. Nealon and J.
White, in which the latter were defeated.
Harlow has placed with Professor J.
Riordan a purse of $50 for a return match
with Hampton at any time inside of four
weeks from next Sunday.
The score for yesterday is as follows:
W. Ha«aell and T. Clements defeated E. An
tron and B. Clements, Score, 21—12, 14—21,
I—B.
M. Mafuire and M. McClure defeated E.
Toy and W. Hasaell. Score, 21—8, 10—21, 21-16.
P. Busch and C. Basch defeated M. Berwin
and G. Berwin. Score, 21—11, 14—21, 21—19.
P. Foley and J. Casey defeated M. J. Stokes
and P. Herrln. Score. 21—1", 13—21, 21— 15.
T. MeElroy (engineer of fire engine at the
Potrero. after four years from the game) and
J. Klrbey defeated two old players. P. Ryan
and M. Kirby. Score 21—15, 18—21, 21—14.
A. McVlcker and G. Smith defeated J. Con
don and T. Lydon. Rcore, 21—13, 19—21, 21—15.
E. Curley and D. Regan defeated J. Dow
ling and B. Clements. Score, 21—16, 13—21.
21— 1 R.
Juvenile players— E. White and R. Regie de
feated A. Whlteman and W. Johnson. Score,
21-11, 13—21, 21—17.
A. Hampton and J. Harlow defeated J. C.
Nealon and J. White. Score, 21—16, 1»— 21,
21 — 38,
THE LINE WILL
SOON HAVE THE
KING OF DUDES
J. Waldere Kirk Here
With His Bride.
MARRIES BARONESS BLANC
THEY WILL PBOBABLY STAY
HEBE ALL SUMMER,
The "Well-Advertised Couple Arrived
on Last Night's Overland and
Registered at the
Palace.
"The line" will soon have J. Waldere
Kirk. "Ttie Prince of Fashion," who vis
ited this city last summer and Introduced
several tropical innovations In dress, ar- |
rived on the overland last night, accom- j
J. Waldere Kirk, King of the
Dudes.
panied by his wife. Baroness Blanc, whom
he recently married in Chicago. Their ar
rival terminates :v honeymoon tour across
the continent. Waldere's presence will be
considered by many a blessing, for he is
both a good fellow and a good thing— on
the rialto.
The fashion plate and "Baroness
Blanc," whose name and history are
linked with several sensational divorce
proceedings which set Eastern soclety
gossips a-wagging their tongues on more
than one occasion, will probably remain
in this city throughout the summer
months. Mr! Kirk is quite fond of yacht
ing, and his experiences on the bay, par
ticularly at Sausalito last year, will al
ways be fresh in his memory. The King
of the Dudes fell an easy victim to the
pranks of several local club men while
taking a cruise on the bay and the story
is quite too good to be left untold.
J Waldere was invited to attend a
yachting party given by several promi
nent society gentlemen and he immedi
ate ly paid a visit to a Montgomery street
furnisher, where he spent a small part «)f
his salary for a swell yachting suit. Wal
dere had everything else in the dress
line in his wardrobe, but he unfortunately
had neglected to bring along his Coney
Island out lit.
Mr. Kirk's reputation was at stake and
he spared no expense to secure a yacht
ing costume that would stamp him as the
best dressed gentleman in the party. The
King of the Dudes was the first to the
wire. In Patsy Carroll's vernacular, Mr.
Kirk was certainly the goods. He pro
duced his precious self aboard the yacht,
looking like a rainbow tinted nightmare,
but before the day's cruise was over and
the party broke up Mr. Kirk resembled
a tinted wall more than he did anything
else. During the early hours of the cruise
wine llowed copiously and everybody was
happy. After dinner more wine flowed
ana everybody began to tread the gold
lined borders of that blissful state where
everybody grosvs garrulously confidential
and justly prdfid of his right name.
It was at this ecstatic juncture that the
placid J. Waldere came to grief. Wearied
of the yacht's cargo of pretty girls and
gallant gentlemen, and bowed down by
the weight of his own cargo within, the
fashion plate sank into a blissful sleep
on the stern of the yacht. The company
was shocked and the host was sadly dis
appointed.
They all gathered around the prostrate
form "of the king of the dudes, vaguely
surmising the kaleidoscopic visions that
were probably flitting through Waldere's
drowsy brain.
"Such a nice boy, too," said one of the
buds, as she tickled him under the chin
with the point of her parasol.
"Pity he drinks," chimed in another.
"So early in the game, too," chirped a
third, and everybody in the crowd poked
fun at the sleeping swell.
Then somebody in the bunch came to
the cruel conclusion that J. Waldere
looked a bit too ravishing in that Mont
gomery street finery, so they all sallied
down into the galley and ordered the
cook to furnish thorn with large quanti
ties of pot black. To nay that J. Waldere
experienced an inglorious finish would j
be putting it rather mildly. When he |
came out of his trance the yacht was at j
her moorings and the guests had depart
A WOMAN AND AN OPEN GRAVE
ON a mound not a stone's throw from the boathouse at Stow Lake, in
Golden Gate Park, and almost under the shadow of Bible Cross, is a hole,
dug within a few days, of the exact dimensions of a grave. It was dis
covered by Park Policeman Clark, who reported it to Captain Thompson,
and all the attaches and employes of the big resort are speculating on
who the digger may be.
Captain Thompson is inclined to the opinion that it is the work of boys, but
others scout this theory, as the spot is quite secluded and would not be likely
to attract children.
Albert Chaquet, foreman of the laborers employed about the lake, tells of a
recent occurrence that may have some bearing on the mystery. He says that
some days ago a handsome, stylishly dressed woman asked him to show her the
exact spot where some time before he had found the body of a man hanging from
a tree. When they reached the place the woman exclaimed:
"What a beautiful spot to choose in which to die! It Is ideal."
Chaquet asked her if she had known the suicide, to which she replied no,
that she had merely wished to locate the spot. He thought then that she might
be contemplating self-destruction, so he told her that, close watch was always
kept on the spot. The expression on the woman's face made such an impression
on Chaquet that for several days he frequently visited the place, half expecting
to find the woman's body there.
Knowing of Chaquet's strange visitor some of the park employes now con
nect her with the newly found grave. They think she may have dug it herself,
Intending at a favorable opportunity to He down in it and swallow poison. From
its exposed position the strong west winds would Uuickly rill the grave with
sand, and in a few days there would be nothing whatever to Indicate that some
unfortunate had taken this means to shut herself out from the cares and sor
rows of the world.
Whatever may be the explanation of the mysterious grave, the park police
will keep close watch over that vicinity hereafter.
"I don't attach any importance to the matter," said Captain Thompson when
seen yesterday. "I am convinced that it is the work of children. No sane person
would believe otherwise. Several children have been playing up there near the
lake and they have undoubtedly shallowed out the ground there."
ed. J. Waldere was alone with the cook,
and his nice new yachting suit looked like
the rig of a circus clown. It Is needless
to state that it was J. Waldere Kirks
The dude is quite a pleasant chap, and
during his stay here he made Hosts or
friends. .x , . .
The Baroness Blanc is one of the best
known women in America. Her maiden
name was Elizabeth Nicholson, and her
home was in Philadelphia, where her
parents were prominent society people.
The Baroness, before taking her
first matrimonial plunge, was the Pam
pered and petted society belle of Philadel
phia. She first married Alfred Lawrence
Riegle, but forsook him for the stage.
Then she married the Baron Blanc, but
after a time the Baron became jealous of
the attentions which a chap named Fred
Youngling was said to be paying his wife
and he, too, sought relief from his matri
monial obligations. After the divorce was
granted the Baron sued out a writ of pro
hibition, which stopped the Baroness from
making capital of his name in the tre
atrical business.
Evolution and Religion.
Rev. William Rader delivered a sermon
on "Evolution and Religion" last night
before the members of the Third Congre
gational Church. He spoke from the text:
"Seek ye first the kingdom of God and
His righteousness and all these things
shall be added unto" you." In part he
said:
Professor Joseph L« Conte, our eminent
scientist, has given the best definition of
evolution, "a continuous progressive change ac
cording to certain laws and by means of resi
dent forces." By evolution Is meant the way
God does things, and the discovery of this way
Is called science. It Is found that the world
waa not manufactured as men build a house,
but that it grew as a tree grfJws. The stars -
were not made as one turns on the gas, but
gradually according to law and by means of
resident forces. ,
Man has evolved, so has the Bible, which is
only saying that revelation Is progressive.
Society, the church and religion have been
subject to the same law. Because evolution
does not explain the origin but only the pro
cess of life it is as consistent with religion aa
it is with the formation of rock or the growth
of a flower. Evolution has now the honor of
being the last great word in science and re
ligion.
Democrats Organizing.
The Democrats of the Twenty-ninth As
sembly District met in Becker's Hall yes
terday afternoon and perfected a tem
porary organization by electing James E.
Murphy, president; Stephen B. Nolan,
vice president; Joseph Lawler, recording
secretary; J. J. Connolly, corresponding
secretary, and Joseph Plunkett, treas
urer. Another meeting will be held next
Thursday night, when a permanent or
ganization will be effected.
Mrs. J. Waldere Kirk (nee
Baroness Blanc).
RACING AT OAKLAND.
A Mixed Card of Cheap Events Down
for Decision.
Following are the entries for the running
events at Oakland track this afternoon:
First race, maiden three-year-olds, flve
elprhths of a mile.
1080 Gold Baron 112- 1067 Ed Lanlgßn 115
IftB7 Stone L 112 1103 Bland 115
li>!<6 Panimlnt 115 1129 Earl Islington. lls
607 Clarello 110 1052 Purniah 112
57S My Dear 110 10S0 Limatus 117
1124 Pomplno 119 1103 Alhaja 117
1067 Oro Copa 110 482 Semper Le0n. ..112
600 The Minister. ..115; 1120 Sylvan La 55 ...117
1123 Somls 119
Second race, two-year-olds, selling, flve-
MKhths of a mile.
1107 Sam Danen'b'mlO3! 1035 The Scott 103
1113 Hindoo Princs.lo7 1119 Flush of G01d. .107
1113 Jolly Briton 103 1107 Jennie R11ey...103
1119 Surfeit 103 (UOl)Glga 103
1095 Aborigine 103 1113 Palapa 103
Third race, selling, three-year-olds, one mile.
1121 G.H.HanisonJrlOT, 1121 Watoesa 107
1110 Jennie Reid 109 1128 Vlnctora 108
1110 Rey Hooker 110 1110 Festoao 110
1120 Oraibee 107 1086 Glengaber 110
1110 Con Dalton 107 1126 Peter Weber. ..lo7
1125 Kootenal 107 1110 Faversham 11^)
Fourth race, selling, three-year-olds and v
ward, three-quarters of a mile.
1121 Oenua 1«B 1122 Peixotto
1124 Highland 8a11. 122 1121 Yamba :
1123 Montallade ....121 1125 Tobey :
1122 Defender 121; 1123 Ann Pagre :
1122 Major C00k.... 1211 1124 Al aria ;
932 Don Luis 11?
Fifth race. Futurity course, three-year-olds,
telling.
1103 Anchored 115 112$ Judge 'Wofrord.ll2
956 Romany 119 1120 Solstice 110
1121 Raeebud 110 1103 Antloch 119
Sixth race, three-year-olds and upward, o
md a sixteenth miles.
1129 Bill McClOßky..llli 1130 Ringmaster ...:
1129 Dare II 11l (11 30) May "W ]
1106 oilnthus 91 1126 Limewater
112s New Moon 106 i 110S Bernardino ....:
1102 Coda ...106'
one
Selections for To-Day.
Flirt Race— Panlmint, Bland, Pomplno.
Second Race— Flush of Gold, Aborigine, Jen
nie Riley.
Third Race— Rey Hooker, Jennie Reid. Peter
Weber.
Fourth Race— Alarla, Peixotto, Highland
Ball.
Fifth Race — Solstice, Racebud, Romany.
Sixth Race— May W, Bernardino. Llmewa
ter.
TREADWELL TO
RESUME WORK
ON JUNE 1st
Has No Intention of
Resigning.
HE SCORES JUDGEGROEZINGER
HIS RULING ON THE INGLESIDE
ORDINANCE ABSURD.
Would Like It Understood That He
Was Not Responsible for the
Justice Being on the
Police Bench.
A silly story was published in a morn«
ing paper to the effect that Police Judge
Tread well was to send in his resignation
in a few days to the Board of Supervis
ors, to take effect June 1, and that Prose
cuting Attorney Carpenter had been slat
ed to succeed him.
"The statement in to-day's Chronicle
that I will resign," said Judge Treadwell
yesterday, "is totally unfounded. I have
no intention of resigning my position, and
my physicians assure me that on June 1
I will be perfectly atle to resume my
work on the bench. I walked five miles
to-day, and my ribs, which were injured
in an accident, do not pain me at all now.
It seems that there are certain people
who desire my position before I am dead.
"I wish to embrace this oportunity of
declaring that I greatly deplore the action
of Justice Groezinger in declaring the In
gleside ordinance invalid. He went en
tirely out of his jurisdiction to take upon
himself the function of the Supreme
Court. It is my opinion that his decision,
even if he had any authority to make it,
was a mere quibble. In view of Groez
inger's action it pleases me to say that
the Mayor is the one who appoints those
who take the places of any temporarily
incapacitated official. I am totally inno
cent of Justice Groezinger's appoint
ment."
The only foundation for the story was
the fact that Judges Graham and Mogan
had expressed dissatisfaction at the way
in which Justice of -.he Peace Groezinger
was dispensing justice in Department 4,
particularly in regard to the racetrack
and nickel-in-the-slot machine cases,
which had brought, they thought, dis
credit upon the other courts through at
tacks in the press.
• Judge Treadwell's friends say that he
never had any thought of sending in his
resignation and are amused at the Idea
which is so absurd to those who know the
Judge.
Howard Vernon, the stenographer in
Judge Treadwell's court, saw the Judge
I in Sausalito Saturday afternoon and to
him the Judge dictated the following let
ter, which was sent to the Board of Su
pervisors:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13, 1899.
To the • Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco—Gen
tlemen: The condition of the courtroom of
Police Court. Department No. 4, has been the
prime cause of my present sickness. The nau
seating atmosphere and the general condition
of the sewerage and heating pipes and the un
cleanliness of the same are such that it is un
fit for occupancy. My condition being much
improved at the present time. I expect to re
sume my duties shortly, and I most respect
fully request your honorable body that you
provide me with some other suitable quarters
in which to hold court. Very respectfully,
A. B. TREADWELL,
Judge of Police Court. Department No, 4.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Beware of the dealer who tries
to sell you a racket that he repre-
sents to be "just as good as
Spalding's." v v ■
The "just as gooc!" kino 1 h
sure to break when you want to
play your best.
Catalogue of All Athletic Sports fret.
A. G. SPALDING & BROS.,
New York. Chicago. Denver.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Wholesale Only.
35 NEW MONTGOMERY ST.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
I ■ y ss \ |
'■t m \ , Ms » (a
DOCTOR SWEANY.
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VlTAlj-
ity to weak men.' Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment. KI'PTUKE
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work; a painless, -' sure and
permanent cure. VARICOCEI.K, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON In any of . its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE If you cannot call. No chargs
for advice by mail. He will also send you a.
valuable book, - "Guide' to Health," free of
charge. Address F. L. SWEANY. M. D., TJ7
Market street. San Francisco. Cal.
I DR.PIERCES i
GOLDEN
MEDICAL ;
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP.IJVER, LUNGS.
NFRVIT ii mKm v! TAurir
l>lCri VI S M LOST VIGOR,
d&tf&fr "■■'■■ AND MANHOOD
s3P~^li Cures Impotcncy Night Emissions tad wasting
■m^O diseases, all effects of self/abuse, or excess and
'^jmJ indiscretion. A nerve-iomc and blcod'fcuilder.
■ *Pjy Bring* the pink glow to pale cheeks and re>
a. l&^i -J: stores the fire of youth. By mall 500 cc?
W^^O^boxi 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
* IW^W v liaran ' ec '° cure or refund the money.
Merolta medical Co., GHnton A Jackson tit,, gbicaga,
E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market. S. 9 '■THANKSGIVING
AND SONG ON
JUBILEE DAY
First Presbyterians
Have a Birthday.
TURNED THE HALF CENTURY!
REV. DR. MACKENZIE TELLS OF
EARLY STRUGGLES.
His Charge Was Founded in This
City in the Days When Gold
Was Plenty and Piety
Scarce.
pong and thanksgiving and thai
-•ions and hearty congratulatl
•■\ Francisco's foremost citizens, the:
First Presbyterian Church has celebrated j
its golden Jubilee. Yesterday was a day |
of much rejoicing, and from the begin- :
nlng of the morning service to the end of {
that m the evening the handsome edifice .
at the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street was thronged with
worshipers, happy that they were per
mitted to be there and take their part !
In honoring the Jii'tleth birthday of their
community.
The Jubilee has been looked forward to
and planned for months. Key. Dr. Mac- j
kenzie, for fourteen years the pastor, has i
worked lndefatigably to make the cele- i
■ win not have been for- .
t, tten even when the next shall com*!'
around, and his sine, ss was demonstrat- i
ed in the twu beautiful Bervli
terday. He hay had every assistance in I
Rons; the whi a has |
Ith him with .. in to ;
make its and a triumph, |
and : .. was with him yes
terday when he offered thanks for many
blessii
Dr. Mackenzie's sermon in the morning:
was, of c< ■ rlcal. The church ol
which he Is lastor was first to be builded |
. San Francisco. It was 1
the first Protestant church In the State,
and its hi -ins almost with that
- :■•:--
The I byterians have not always
me ptl«- that houses th«-m
rmon was preached :
twa ■ ■.:■ in a little ten: spread on
a handful of worship
■ ht.-m through the dry sea
• t through the efforts of one
. flock, Alfred lieWitt, the Scotch
P~ 1: n Church of New York built
mall building and shipped it round the
ii.'in to this city. It was erected ■
■ , only to be burned down
following year.
An"' : i'<k iis place, however,
and that becoming too small, the present
Chinese Presbyterian Church on Stockton
i there the
:g flock worships d until
when the church was moved to its
nt home on Van Ness and Sacra
mento.
The romantic history of his charge w; s
]t. Mackenzie's inspiration for his Ec-r
--inon of yesterday morning. He turned to j
Genesis for his text and read from the
er which tells ol the pilgrimage of
ham and Sarah into the land of
in, where he builded his first altar.
"It is with special design 1 turn to Gene-
I be. "Genesis is the book
iieginning. Abraham was the lirst pio
neer and his altar the first in the west.
]t is with beginnings and pioneers and al
in the west that we have to do on
flay of jubilee.
"Abraham is not without his successors;
his Bu weft- not lacking in the
surging multitude that thronged here In |
The tent and the altar then were the i
liret care of many and especially of the
founders of this church. They first pitched
a tent for some Sarah and her children,
and then they pitched a tent for God and
the altar for his worship.
"No mansions of marble, no cathedrals
of stone, yet to be raised on these ave
nues can stand for more than those two
weather-stained tenta where our pioneer
sheltered his Sarah and worshiped his
God. The flrst of these as an organized
church was a tent bearing the legend,
'First Presbyterian Church.' "
<< '.'irrying out his parallel. Dr. Macken
zie led his congregation on from the time
of the pitching of the tent on through the
days when the word became dominant
and the tents gave way to the more sub
stantial altor9 of the present day. He
was filled with his theme and spoke with
a feeling that held his hearers as wrapt
as himself until he had finished.
In the evening he allowed those who had
come in to congratulate and give assur
ances of good will to do the talking.
Mayor Phelan, though not of the Protest
ant" faith, occupied a prominent seat, and
when Introduced by Dr. Mackenzie paid
a glowing tribute to the church, its his
tory and the good It has done, and ended
with a well deserved eulogy of its pas
tor.
William Pierson, for years a pillar of
the church, followed him with some rem
iniscences of those who had gone and of
the early life of the church itself, and ho
In turn was followed by George D. Gray
of Oakland, and Gates D. Fahnestock,
who spoke along similar lines. The mv-
Fie and the decorations were in keeping
•with the spirit of the day, and the choir
never sang in better voice.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
Practice Drill of the Cadets Prepara
tory for Annual Competition.
The League of the Cross Cadets had a
practice drill in Mechanics' Pavilion
yesterday afternoon that lasted for near
ly three hours. Fifteen companies were
present besides the hospital corps and
drum and bugle corps.
f'olon*l W. P. Sullivan Jr. was the com
ma nilng officer and put the regiment
through a number of evolutions that
were executed with remarkable precision
and steadiness. The practice drill was
preparatory to the fifth annual competi
tive drill that will take place in the Pa
vilion next Friday night.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
tAlfl FL EASE MENTION "THE CALL."
RFLTINO ~~' LIQUORS.
. n ncrrv! Manufacturer cfßelttnj and GI7DOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.60 ; east, $6.00
LP. DEGEN, "ace Leather. C !O5-107 > W 0. P. B. PONY, do. $2.50; use $10.00
■lon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 563. L. OAHKN ft SON, 418 Steramtnto St., 8. T.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. • «« RFTTFR ON FARTH Im P eritLl Metallic
■mnnilT rrn I limann VTUTTri nnMD II7 ™" wEIICII Ull LARIU Comanche Ochre.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS LUMrAn I, ComancheOcnra Co., 203 Front; tel. Je Bg le 19 96.
342 to 350 Oeary Street. Abore Powell, PAPER DEALERS.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. MPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.. :
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON. ILLMffICI I C 722 Montgomery Street.
©OO BATTERY STREET. E- C- HLJGHES»SU Bani^Tltreet.
Telephone Main 1804. __ STATIONER AND PRINTER.
.OSKPH COPPERSMITH. Ktr. Teleeraphlo DADTPinPF 806 Call -
JOSEPH FOX. Bupt. H. BLYTH. Mbt. Codec. FAX I KIUUC fornla gt .
ErUOGISTS .WHOLESALE). THEffICKS-JDDDCO./ bl^g^^ t
Wcshineton St. Telephone, Main. st>4i. - ■ — . __
DRUGaI STS WHOLESALE!. , VWARE HOUSEMEN.
DCniMPTnM a Pn Second and THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
REDINGTON&i;U.SonSt S .TeLMa.n4 For^^A^t.^ftMl^Wel.b.rj., gen-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. eral office. 810 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
, JAS. BOYES & CO.. ga^^gngarim! " watches, etc
V ' * ■ x I lIBnV li'i^ii-arters for fine Jewelry and
f< 'HARDWARE. I •LUnill f . 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st. .
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal- — — — ■■■
■^ era In hardware, 603 Market; tel. Main 752. WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
IRON FOUNDERS. : " ' -" • '' Mined by the
Western foundry. Morton & Hedtey. Prep. , BLACK qre V EN 'rIVTEII COLLIERIES," 8t &
234 Fremont St. Casting of Erery Da- Is the Beet Coal In the Market,
ecrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Dlook ISO 3. J .. Office and Yards— (so Main Street.
THE lA/ILMERDING SCHOOL.
CHILDREN RALLY IN THE
CAUSE OF TEMPERANCE
INTERESTING MEETING AT MET
ROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Mrs. Stevens and Miss Gordon Are
Given a Warm Welcome by the
Little Crusaders.
Nearly 500 children rallied In Metropol
itan Temple yesterday afternoon to wel
come Mrs. Lillien M. N. Stevens, presi
dent of the National Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, and Miss Anna A.
Gordon, the vice-president-at-large, and
to further attest their willingness to con
tinue to aid the leaders in their grand
undertaking.
]n the gallery the parents and others
interested in the organization were in
terested spectators. The distinguished
visitors sat on the platform surrounded
by the leading members of the W. C. T.
U. The stage was prettily decorated with
(lowers and a large picture of the late
Miss Francis Willard, who so ably watch
ed over the society. In the back
ground were the silken banners of the
various legions represented in the body
of the hall.
The meeting opened with the entire au
dience singing Miss Gordon's song, "On
ward We Are Marching, Alcohol to
Fight." This was followed by a prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Vinton of lowa. Mrs.
M. L. Gray, county president of the W.
C. T. U., then stated the object of the
rally and introduced Mrs. E. L. Mc-
Cracken, superintendent of the local
work. After complimenting the little
ones on their fine showing the latter call
ed for a salute to the Hag. .Little Mabel
McNorton held the silken flag while the
children pledged their allegiance to it.
This was followed by the singing of the
national hymn by the entire audience,
led by Mrs. B. Mills.
The "Ethel Margaret Gllley" branch
then arose and saluted the leaders by re
citing "I pledge my head, my heart and
this right hand for God, and home and
native land." Another branch sent a
bunch of white roses to Miss Gordon and
gave her a "Ciiautauqua " salute.
Miss Gordon then addressed the gath
ering and soon won the hearts of every
one by her kindly speech. She had her
little auditors reciting appropriate selec
tions from the Bible after her, responding
to her inquiries and crying at the pathetic
little stories she told to illustrate her
meaning. . „..,, 
After singing Miss Francis E. \\ lllards
famous song "Saloons Must Go, the
chairman Introduced Mrs. Stevens who
gave a short talk along the lines of tem
perance. Her words of advice were at
tentively listened to by the children and
their elders. She concluded her short ad
d-ess by blessing the former for their
good work and the latter for their sup
port. The meeting closed with the sing
ing of the temperance doxology.
MRS. STEVENS ON TEMPERANCE.
She Tells of the Rise. Progress and
Hope of the W. C. T. U.
Mrs. Stevens occupied the pulpit in the
First Congregational Church last even
ing and delivered an interesting discourse
on the "Rise, Progress and Hope of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union."
"The great temperance crusade inaug
urated twenty-five years ago," said Mrs.
Stevens, "was crystallized into the Wom
an's Christian Temperance Union, the
largest organization of its kind in the
world. By the great work to which the
revered Frances Willard gave her precious
life there has been established fifty de
partments, all of which are accomplishing
extraordinary results. Next to the evange
listic phase of the Woman s Christian
Temperance Union, the educational fea
ture is considered the most important.
The right training of children is a subject
which comes in for a large share of atten
tion. The Legislatures in all of the
States save three, and in all the Terri
tories, have passed laws requiring that
the pupilß be taught the nature and ef
fects of alcohol. As to the reformatory,
phase, we are caring for many men who
; have gone astray, as well as for members
of our own sex. though of these latter
there are comparatively few.
"While we believe the Keeley cure is
doing good, it is our special aim to save
boys and girls from going at all to such
an institution, which is simply a place of
confession.. In prisons we have secured
the appointment of matrons who care for
the unfortunate women who are brought
to the portals of the station house through
the evils of drink. As to the legal phase,
I can point to the excellent results at
tained in the State of Maine, which be
fore the prohibition law was passed was
a miserable place to live in, but since
then has grown into the noble, beautiful
State that she now is.
"The forces of righteousness are gath
ering, and I believe that God himself is
going to settle the liquor problem. There
is a great temperance monument now be
ing erected that will reach toward heaven.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union is working steadfastly- and faith
fully to place a capstone on Its top, and
that capstone Is to prohibit the manu
facture and sale of strong liquor through
out the world."
. ♦ .
THE "TWO-THIRDS OF A MAN."
Metropolitan Temple Overflow Is
Checked by the Police De
partment.
At half-past 7 o'clock yesterday even
ing every seat in the body and In the
galleries of the Metropolitan Temple was
occupied and In five minutes thereafter
the services of Sergeant Coogan with ca
ncers George Treacy and John Kelly were
called into requisition to keep the anx
ious comers from crowding into the build-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
Ing. Even with this obstacle thrown in
their way several of the better informed
ones, knowing that there is a side en
trance on Jessie street, rushed into the
building through this passage. The jam
became so great thit Sergeant Coogan :
had to get out and lind more of his offl- j
cers to blockade this passage. From the
hour above mentioned until 8 o'clock fully j
20<x> persons were refused admittance by
the police.
The subject on which Dr. Locke dis
coursed on this his second Sunday in the '
Temple was on the "Two-thirds of a ;
Man." He said:
There has always been a vociferous demand
for men. Men of three-thirds are needed; men :
with strong, healthful bodies; with robust, tena
cious intellects, and with their spiritual natures |
sensitive to the call of God and able to divine
the purposes of their creator in their gener
ation.
As the beauty and durability of a nation's
architecture depends upon the quality of its
building material, bo the achievements of an
9ge depend upon the type of manhood. The prox
imity of the PentelUan quarries and the ex- j
quislte texture of the marble made It p'jsnihle to |
place the matchless Parthenon, like a glisten
ing crown, on the Acropolis of ancient Athens.
It Is therefore a nation's duty to itself, and
an obligation it owes to the Individual, to maka
conditions most favorable for the development
and defense of true character. My shibboleth,
to-night Is, 'Give the man a chance." There j
Is many a shapeless, rejected block of human- j
ity which under better conditions can be trans- |
formed into a majestic masterpiece. Angelo's !
statue of David In Florence was carved from
a piece of marble, thrown aside as worthless.
Give the poor as well as the rich a chance; |
the servant as well as the master; the man of
muscle as well as the man of mind. Most men
are not responsible for the environment which
surrounds them. It should be the supreme effort :
of society and church and government to cor
rect whatever may be the false and hindering
conditions which surround the individual citi
zen. If the Individual must lose himself In the
Buunea which surge and moan around him then '
civilization must fail. Kach person Is a cos- \
mos and his orbit must be respected.
c :\c the weak man a chance. Those who are
■trong ought to bear the infirmities of those
who are weak. As this principle of Christ,
which is a fundamental doctrine of social!
, is regarded, tlu> solidarity of society ,
becomes more secure. Because the vicious prey
Upon the innocent and the strong victimize
the weak laws against vice have to be passed
and enforced. When all men gallantly defend
their weaker brothers then all legislation for
the prev< ntli n of crime will cease.
We i ughl to stand by efforts now being made
to suppress gambling in our city, because gam- j
bling Is another Illustration of the strong de- ,
vourtng the weak. It has been shown that
men go fn-m house to house begging cast-off
garments that they may pawn them for money
with which to satisfy their feverish d
to play at games of chance. It is said that
in certain gambling houses in this city men
take the very coats off their backs and bor- !
row money on them from the demons who
operate the gaming tables In the vain Dope
nf retrieving their lost fortunes. The time
Will come in this city when, if the custodians
of the peace and the Judges who administer
the law do not close these gates of hell which
are plainly against tho law and protect the i
weak and tempted and helpless men, I say
th« time will come When outraged public 6en
timont will arise en manse and drive these
agencies of the devil out of the precincts of
uur beautiful city.
we a great and sacred duty to the fallen
men and women who are about us. Most of j
these poor creatures are where they are be
cause of the failure of the authorities to en- j
force the laws against vice. We must give j
them a chance, first, by removing the surg
ing evilfi which engulf them; and second, by
attracting them away from vice by love and ,
sympathy.
We must give the black man a chance as \
well as the white man. It is to be regretted i
that after all these years of freedom it is j
nprr-ssary to raise a voice of protest against
any racial prejudice which hinders the prog
reas "f any of our fellow-citizens. One cannot I
read the horrifying details of the recent lynch- :
Ing ol two negPOM in the South without the j
deepest shame and humiliation. What a spec- ;
tacle to have been enacted in a nation which
boapts of Its advanced civilization. I have no |
defense for the deedfl of the dastardly vil
lains who commit crimes for which the pro
cesses of the law will speedily punish them. I
Rut what of the old preachT who, on the tes- j
tlmony of a confessed murderer, 1b seized by
an lnfuria<ed mob and not only hurried to
death, but mutilated as If in the hands of
savage cannibals. I recognize any act of no
ble chivalry which In ordinary emergencies
goes beyond the law and visits penalty upon
the offender, but there can be no logical rela
tion between such chivalry and the blood
curdling atrocities of lynch law. With South
ern blood flowing In my own veins and with j
ties of kinship which bind me with deep af
fection to a people who are not surpassed in all ;
the exquisite adornments of true character, I j
enter my most earnest and vehement protest I
against such crimes against good government
and against a race which Is In this nation be
cause of the white man and which has dem
onstrated Its fitness to remain among us and
become permanent factors In thrift, loyalty
and manhood.
THEY WILL ASK AID
FROM THE PASTORS
WORK OF VIGILANCE COMMIT
TEE AGAINST CHINATOWN.
It Is Hoped the Slave Traffic Will Be
Denounced From Every Pulpit
in the State.
The fight against the slave evil of
Chinatown will be brought to the notice
of the ministers of the city and State
to-day by a circular letter addressed by
the vigilant committee. In this letter
the earnest co-operation of the ministers
is asked for, and enclosed is the pream
ble of the committee explaining the work
it has set out for itself and the ends
it hopes to accomplish. The communica
tion is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 13, 1889.
Rev«rend Sir: We wish to call your atten
tion to the enclosed preamble, which fully seta
forth the Intention of our society, and to ac
complish which we will call upon all the
pastors in the city and county of San Francisco
and the State of California to unite with us
. and aid us by your hearty co-operation. We
have taken great pleasure in placing your name
on our list of honorary members, trusting that
you will accept and act in unison with us. We
realize that In this matter we will need not
only workers but the united and unbroken
moral support of all Christian people in this
city and State. We hope you will make this a
special object of prayer and that you will from
time to time bring Its needs before your con
gregation, urging upon them the importance of
making this a personal matter, as the future
welfare of our city and State rests in their
hands. With this combined effort we feel as
sured that failure will b« impossible and that
Chinese slavery and the Importation ( f women
and children for Immoral purposes will cease
and that law and order will be enforced.
The work of sending away these ad
dresses will be performed to-day, and
before the end of the week it Is hoped
that something will be said of the ques
tion of slavery from every pulpit In the
State.
INDOOR CHAMPIONSHIPS.
Track and Field Day Will Be Held in
the Gymnasium of the Olym
pic Club.
An indoor championship tournament
will be held under the management of
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union in the gymnasium of the
Olympic Club on Thursday evening, May
25, at 8 o'clock. The programme will
contain nine items— four track events,
four field events and an obstacle race.
Gold medals will be awarded to the first
men and silver medals to the second men
in all events except the obstacle race.
First place will count five points, second
place three points and third place one
point. The total number of points
amounts to seventy-fWo. Entries close
on May 20, and as no names will be ac
cepted of athletes who are not registered
according to the constitution of the Pa
cific Association, all intending competi
tors, if not already registered, must reg
ister dn or before May 20.
Admission will be free and by invita
tion only. Entries may be made with H.
A. Keeler, secretary of the Pacific Asso
ciation, whose address is 872 Tenth street,
Oakland. A considerable number of en
tries have been received, and a success
ful evening Is anticipated. The commit
tee having the affair in charge consists
of George James. P. J. Franklin, C. Dole
and G. W. Phelan. It has full power to
act, and has the support of the Doard of
managers of the Pacific Association.
WILMERDING
PREPARES TO
OPEN ITS DOORS
Temporary Structure
Being Put Up.
i
TO CO-OPERATE WITH LICK
BEGULATIONS CONCERNING AD
MISSION OF PUPILS.
Fundamental Principles Will Not
Suffer at the Expense of Me-'
chanical Training and
< Education.
»
On the second day of October the WII
-merdlng School of Industrial Arts, un
der the administration of the Regents of
the University of California, will be ready
to receive pupils.
The school will occupy a block of land,
200 by 400 feet, at the corner of Sixteenth
and Utah streets, directly opposite the
California School of Mechanical Arts, and
it is intended to have the two institutions
supplement each other and co-operate as
far as possible.' An exchange of classes
between the two institutions may also
prove feasible.
The building, a new two-story brick
structure, 60 by 160 feet, will be substan
tial and convenient, although but tempo
rary in design. It is the intention of the
management to have the students of the
school, in the near future, plan, erect,
finish and fully equip a permanent build
ing of brick and stone— model of archi
tectural design, usefulness and conven
ience.
The number of weeks. the school will be
open in a year and the length of a term
have not been decided upon.
The curriculum of the "Wilmerding
School includes a long list of building
trades— carpentry, cabinet work, brick
laying, plastering, plumbing, stonecut
ting and architectural drawing, a distinct
benefit to the Lick School, which hereto
fore has been compelled to extend its ef
forts over a very wide field of instruction
in order to meet the average needs of a
large clientage, drawn from nearly every
county of the State and representing all
classes of the community. It will be the
policy of the Lick School to expand along
the line of the machine pattern
making, model-making, forgework, mold-
Ing, machine shop practice, electrical
construction, etc., leaving the field of the
building trades to the Wilmarding School.
The school will be free of charge for tui
tion, and will be open to any boy or girl
of this State who has completed the
eighth grade of the grammar schools,
upon the following conditions:
Applicants will be admitted upon satis
factory recommendation from their for
mer teachers, principals, or school super
intendent. Up to June 1 of each year
places are reserved for qualified appli
cants. Applications received after June
1 are not acted upon until July 15, and if
the number of such applications exceeds
the number of places remaining, then
competitive examinations will be held for
those whose, applications were filed later
than June 1. This examination will be
written, and the applicant's qualifications
will be judged by his ability to express
himself clearly and correctly by means of
simple English sentences; by his knowl
edge of the processes of arithmetic, and
by his acquaintance with the leading
facts of United States history and de
scriptive geography. . . ..
The number admitted at the beginning
of the next school year, July 31, ISO!*, will
be limited to 75 boys and 30 girls.
Applicants admitted to the school will
be assigned work on the day of their ad
mission in all departments in the five
months' manual training or preliminary
course which all students must take as a
needful preparation for the work In their
chosen trade. ,
A large part of the day will be given to
shop work and the essentials of a purely
mechanical education, not neglecting,
however, the general training In English,
history, geography, arithmetic, geometry,
physics, art, and other fundamentals that
are important in the education of a first
class mechanic.
A tried and thorough system will be fol
lowed in all departments based on peda
gogical and mechanical principles.
It will take three years to complete a
course which will be pursued in learning
any one of the trades.
The school will not attempt any more
theoretical instruction than is necessary
and practical for the carrying out of the
idea of a first-class trade school.
SLASHED WITH A PENKNIFE.
A Soldier and Two Citizens Have a
Fight in Front of the City Hall.
Jack King, who is employed in Lei
bold's harness store on Larkin street op
posite the City Hall, -was under the in
fluence of liquor in front of the store
yesterday afternoon. His wife was en
deavoring to get him home and he used
strong language toward her that at
tracted the attention of two soldiers who
ware passing. They stood looking on,
when Harry Newton, alias Harry W.
Williams, went up to them and ordered
them in an insolent manner to move on.
The soldiers claimed they had a right
to stand on the sidewalk, and just then
King struck one of them— William Stev
ens of the Fourth Cavalry— and ran
away. Newton took up King's fight, and
as he squared off Stevens pulled a pen
knife out of his pocket and slashed him
on the right wrist. Stevens was arrested
by Policeman M. Murphy and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, anil King was ar
rested by Policeman McMurray and
booked as a drunk. Newton had his
wounded wrist dressed at the Receiving
Hospital. He gave two addresses, one at
1609 Larkin street and the other at 1622
Larkin street.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 14—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
bOUrB: Last Thl 8 Laet
Stations M Hours. Season. Season.
Fureka . 0.00 32.84 81.45
Red Bluff 0.00 20.00 12.77
Sacramento 0-08 14.00 8.87
Ban Francisco 0.00 16.00 8.13
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.19
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 16.46 «.1«
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 6.60
Ban Diego 0.00 4.91 4.62
Yuma O.CO 1.84 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 44; mean, 49.
WEATHER " CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Ib generally partly cloudy ever
the Pacific slope. Scattering light showers have
occurred during the day in Nevada, the eastern
portion of California, Northern Washington and
Montana. , ,
The changes In pressure have been Blight.
The temperature has risen over Oregon and
Washington and fallen over the remaining por
tions of the Pacific slope. The changes in the
Interior of California, 1 in ' - Nevada, ■ Southern
Utah and Arizona have ranged from 10 to 14
e following high .' wlndi are reported: Eu
reka S6 miles per. hour from the north, . Win
nemucca 34 northwest, San Francisco 36 west
and Mount Tamalpals 48 northwest. •-. .--«■;;.
, Conditions . are favorable far partly cloudy
and somewhat threatening weather In Califor
nia Monday, with showers in the mountain re
golns and the south ' portion. ... -
•v Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 15, 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy and some
what threatening Monday, with showers In the
mountains and foothills; cooler in the southeast
portion; fresh northerly : winds. ." ;; :
Southern California— Partly cloudy, . with
showers to-night : and Monday; cooler in , east
portion; brisk w«st wind. ■ • :
■ Nevada— Partly cloudy, with scattering show
ers Monday. ': •-,. / ."_" c •
; -Utah— Cloudy, with showers Monday; cooler.
1 Arizona— "Cloudy, ■. with , scattering showers to
night and Monday; cooler. - - .. :
San Francisco ; and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday: fresh northwest wind. • .■•■;•. vsfjj/^naMai
L 7G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast. ©racial. ;
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always b<» obtained regarding
Hghtß, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. If hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. X". ?. N.. In chars*-
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharft about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
:>» height of tide 1b the same at both places.
MONDAY. MAY 15.
Un rises 4:59
un sets 7:!H
[oon sets 11:57 p. m.
O Timel Time Time I Time;
» Ft. Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
!» H W IL W HW.IL.WJ
... 2:24 4.7| 9:30 0.4 5:03 4.81 10:061 3.1
... 3:32 4.21 10:15 0.8 5:44 4.9 11:23 3.0
... 4:34 3.8J 11:01 1.1 6:W 5.0; |
L W. H W L. W H Wl
! ... 0:30 2.R 6:54 3.6 11:B2 1.4 7:00 8.1
| ... 1:20 2.0 7:10 3.6] 12:36 1.7 7:34| 6.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In thp left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tld* of
the day. th« third time column the third tlda
and the laet or right hand 'olumn Rives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
(riven are soundings to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
!P fp r p t ,r-p |a th» menn nf thp Ifirrr low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I,uei!a iTlllamook IMay IS
Coos Bay (Newport IMay 15
Signal IColumb'a River :May 15
Fulton [Portland May 15
Ptate of Cal....lPortland 'May II
Crescent Clty..tCr<?Ecent City iMay 15
Areata ICoos Bay !May 15
NewbUTg 'Gray* Harbor IMay 15
B Hernster ICoqullle River !May 18
Corona San Diego IMay IS
TVashtenaw ITacoma IMay IS
Pomona iHumboldt 'May 17
Queen IVlctoHa & Puget SoundlMay 17
Empire ICoos Bay May 17
Bonita (Newport May 13
North Fork [Humboldt May 18
Ora^e Dollar.. .lOrayg Harbor May IS
Point Arena IPolnt Arena May 1»
A. Blanchard...!Coos Bay May 18
Gaelic (China and Japan May 19
TYmnmette .... i Departure Bay 'May 19
Bristol [Departure Bay IMay 19
Okimbia (Portland IMay 20
Santa Rosa I.San Diego 'May ?n
Colon 'Panama IMay 20
Czarina !Puget Sound |May ?1
Coqullle River.. lOrays Harbor IMay 21
■W.-illn Walla... (Victoria <S- Vusrft Pound May 22
Alliance 'Oregon Ports 'May 22
.y
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
steamer. uesunauon. cans. trier.
Coos Bay... Newport May 16, 9 am Pier 11
City Peklnß'China&Japan May 18, IpmiPMSS
Uniatllla . . Ivtc * P{jt Pd. :Mav 16. 10 amlPter 9
Aloha [Point Arena.. !May 17, 3 pm'Pler 2
Moana JBydnpy May 17. 10 pm'Pier 7
Aroata JCoos Bay [May 17, 10 am|Pler 13
State Cal.. May IS. 10 amiFler 24
Corona |San Dleßo [May is, 11 amPler 11
San Juan...l Panama IMay 18. 12 m'PMSS
Townsend .IOr«»(fon Ports. !May 13, lOam'Pler 20
G Dollar.. Kirepon Ports. jMay 19, Ipm Pier 2
A." Blanch'd'Humboldt 'May 19, 6 pir.jPler 13
Bonlta Newport  ! May2o, 9 am' Pier 11
Pt Arena. .lPolnt Arena. l May 20, 3 pm!Pler 2
Queen IVIc & P«t Sd. May 21. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia . ! Port land IMay 23. 10 am ' Pier 24
Steamer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 14.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 70 hours from San
Pedro.
Ptmr Lajruna, Ericsson, 23 hours from Eu-
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, 30 hours from Crescent
City.
Rtmr Del Norte, Allen, 9% days from Dutch
Harbor.
Stmr Tillamook, Walvig, 60 hours from San
Pedro.
Sttnr Aloha, Jorsenson, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Ptmr Rival. Johnson, from sea. In search of
stmr Elihu Thomson.
Bark Sonoma, Mattson, 7 days from Tacoma.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 14.
Ship Snartan. Polite. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Haw bark Santiago, Engalls, Hllo.
Bktn Irmgrard. Schmidt. Honolulu.
Bchr J O Wall. BJornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Sacramento, Qruggel.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Landing.
RETURNED.
Sunday, May 14.
Schr J O Wall, hence this morning for Eu
reka, returned on account of strong NW
winds and carrying away main Jib at 2 p m
off the Farallones.
Schr Mary Etta, hence to-day for Bowens
Landing returned on account of carrying away
main Jib and main gafT oft Duxbury Reef.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 14, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The lightship No. 7 came Into port this even-
Ing on account of carrying away moorings.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Mar 24— Stmr
Thistle hence Mar 10. SO— Stmr William Bay
lies hence Feb 28. Apr 4— Stmr Karluk. hence
Mar 13. Apr B— Stmr NarwhaL hence Mar 16.
12— Stmr Newport, hence via Seattle. Apr 19—
Stmr Orampus, hence Mar 25; stmr Balena, he
Mar 29- etmr Alexander, hence Mar 16; stmr
Woicott, from Seattle. 27— Stmr Del Norte, he
Apr 6 May 2— Schr Uranus, hence Apr 6. 8—
Stmr Thrasher, hence Apr 4. 4— Schr Pearl, he
NEWPORT— SaiIed May 1&-Stmr Sequoia,
°SEA < TTLE— Arrived May 14— Stmr Humboldt,
from Dyea; stmr Czarina, hence May 9.
Sailed May 14— Stmr Laurada, for Dyea; Nor
Bt NEJ^H^p f aJs^d~' May 14-Stmr Walla Walla,
>i&nf<» Mrv 11 for Victoria .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed May 14-U S str
Thos Corwin, hence May 9 for Seattle; Nor str
Tvr from Port Blakeley for Newchang; stmr
Oue'en from Victoria, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived May 14— Stmr Navarro, he
M SAN 2 PEDRO— Sailed May I»— Schr Annie Lar-
Se ArrWed May" 14— Schr Abble. from Caspar.
ASTORIA— RaiIed May 14— Stmr Fulton, for
n. n AN DIEG°cJ- 6^e| lg May \°Ur stmr Wye-
stmr Belgian King hee
May 12; tug Relief, from cruise In search of
stmr El'lhu Thomson.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NT3W YORK— Arrived May 14— Stmr La Bre
tmrnf* from HB.vrs.
omiENSOWN— Sailed May 13— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON- Arrived "May 14-Stmr
Br-irTen from New York for Bremen, and pro
ceeded (not reported previously).
AUCTION SALES.
— .
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£*» • AT £»
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA ST.,
FRIDAY. MAY 19. ■ AT 11 A. M.,
, ' We will sell ■
Sixty head of horses from Santa Anita Ranch,
Hollister. from 6 to 7 years old, weighing from
1100 to 1600 pounds.- ■ ■.
We call the attention of all parties wishing to
get first-class sound horses to call and examine
this stock, as they are the best lot of horses
ever offered In this State. '■<: \
>■ Among the lot are several first-class driving
and. livery horses sired by Benton Boy; also
heavy draught, truck and carriage horses. Cat-
alogues will be ready Tuesday.
No reserve , or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
;■"■■ Livestock Auctioneers.
- Office 327 Sixth st, San Francisco.' '
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNY ST, Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and ml ud and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Car(wsaari)Bt*rd. Call or writ*'.
It i. J. V, uIKUQX. Box 1907. Baa JTraaclacu
V . ADVEBTISEMEKTS. i
i CITY OF #H# PARIS •
% ■ DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
I Bona Fide Reductions! l
| COLORED^DRESS GOODS I
f ....In New and Stylish Weaves.... |
I MONDAY. MAY IS™, I
® We will offer the following bargains, Including ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS, TWEEDS, I
© SILK and WOOL NOVELTIES, ILLUMINATED VIGOREAUX, WOOL GRENADINES, Etc.:
I ? ODD PIECES! 1
§ 78 pieces NOVELTY MIXED SUITINGS, to close at yard 25c +
% LIMITED ASSORTMENT! |
| 26 pieces IMPORTED NOVELTY MIXED SUITINGS, in new color- |
-f ings, formerly sold at $1, will be reduced to yard 50c ®
% BROKEN LINES! |
f 41 pieces VERY DESIRABLE NEW SUITINGS, late importations and m
® prime value at $1.25 and $150, to clear at yard 75c
174 pieces ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT TWEEDS, 52 inches wide, in very +
® ' newest colorings.  yard $1.00 ®
f ALL THIS SEASON'S GOODS! %
® . ®
♦ MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. It
® • "j" -■'- JvJ
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
■S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisco. ,• ®
® UNION SQUARE, . ®
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:80 p. m.
6UNDAYS-6:00, 9:30, 11:00 a, m. 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a, m. 1:40, 8:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. ':,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave I | Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect | San Francisco.
. April 16,
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. . days. Days.
7:30 am S :00 am Novarto, 10:40 am | S:4O am
3:20 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa lioea. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
v. Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and j 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. • 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am [10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am] Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm | I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
. Stages connect at Santa Roaa-for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land . for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Pay's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrtn Heights. ♦ Hullville,
Boonevllle, Phtlo, Christine, . Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport,' Usal, Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
BcotTa and Eureka. I
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. '
; Ticket Offices. 680 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
limited
Santa JR? l^ossfe
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. •
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M.^Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS Ü BUFFET CAR. Ob-
■ servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. ■
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express. • v^:. .-.:
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfIiFHCE — MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15IL '
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. •
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street 'ii ■ ;
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
IRI Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE-
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
■ fi FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
.: ONLY 3>4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
. Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
j MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD
■■■: "EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
i The shortest I standard-gauge line and fastest
time between principal cities In the United
States and Mexico. •
• No change of i cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars daily between San
Antonio, Texas, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. v Direct line to Monterey, Durangro,
Zacatecaa, ■ Aruas Calientes. San Luis ' Potosl,
Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of .general
passenger department, to attend to inspection
of baggage, exchange •of : money, ' etc - '
-- For further information call on ; or address
any < agent *of i the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP,
. ' General Freight and Passenger Agent, .': - '
Basle Pass, Texas*
EAILBOAD TBAVjSL. |
raCTHKB.\ I-ACIFII CUJIfAMT.
(PACIFIC HYSTXM.).
lr«lm leu*« miml nr« itu« to nrrlff •§
HAS t'UAKI'IWCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — . From Mat 7, 1899. — ab.mv»
7:00 a Ik'nic! a. Si;isnn ami Sacramento. . . . 0:43p
7:OOa Marysville, OroTilleaud Kc-diiing via
Woodland Os-Mr
7:00 a Elmira. V»ca villa and Hiimsey B:4r>p
7:30 a Martini..., San Uaraon.Valtejo. Napa,
Calistoga ami Sauta BOM 6:1.1p
9:00 a Altiiitio Impress, Ogilon and Knat.. 8:4-">r
MiUOa San -hue. Livermore, Btocktnn,
. ; :•*„• love, Sacra. iiciito, PlacBrrllle,
Murysrflle, Chico, Iteil lilufT -lilir
»i»Oa •Milton. Qalcdile and hoDora 4:l*r
«:OOa Haywards. Nil -..-b and Way KUtions. 11:43*
1):OOa Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced end Fresno 12i13»
OtOOA Fre3iio, Uakcrsliel.l, (iaiita lUrbara.
Los Angeles. Deming. El Paso,
New Orleans oiul Boat 0:43r
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez ami Way Stations ?:*r>r
11:OOa Haywarda, Kiles and Way Stations. 2«43p
I2:O0M NDes, LiTermore, Stockton, Bacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrtervillo 4s.lSp
•1:OOp Sdcramento Hirer St^snniers »8:00p
S:OOp Ilaywarda, Nilcs and Way Stations. 3:43p
. 4>OOt> Martinez, H:iu lUraon, Vallejo, >••-■'-"£
Niipa, CalistoKa. Kautu Horn UilO*
.4tOOrßenicia, VacaTillo, .SacniMiento,
We. -Hand, Knights Landing,
Maryarillo, Oroville 10:48*.
4i3opNlles, HauJoaonud (Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Yosemit-j Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15p
5:OOp Stockton. Merce.l, Fresno.... 12:13p
5:OIH» Martinez, Tracy, M^mlota, Fresno,
Mojavo and 1 .<>s Angeles Bi43a
siO«p Sant:i I'd ICoute, Atlantic Ex press
for MojaTe ami V.nr.l 6:43p
6-.OOP Tbo Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los A leu 8:43 \
OiOOr Kiirope:m Mail, Ogden aud Kast 0:43 a
6:00p Hay wards, Niles and Sin Jose 7:13*.
•6:00 Vallejo 12:19p
7iOOr Oregon Kxprem.Hacriiiiieiitu, Marys-
vllle, lCf.l<lii>K. Portland, I'nget
rjonnil ami East 7:434
J»:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Rta-
tlona t'O:*OP
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jauge). *
(Foot of Market Street.) * .
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:O3»
■ Brl3ANewark,CeuterTille,SanJoae,Felton,
Bouider Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
' Stations 3:30r
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, Sau Jose, New
Alm&den, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
■Stations *10:30 a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:20*
64i13p Felton, Banta Cruz and Way Sta-
. tlong > /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 C.-00 IIKWA.It. tl:00 •3:00 13:00
•4:00 t&:00 *6:00r.ll.
rromOlEUßD— Poat*rßroad*ar.— '6.-00 8:00 10:00*.M.
tI2:OQ »I:QQ t2:00 »3:00 ti:C3 . •8:00 p.m.
(OAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
*6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *8:30r
•7:OOa San Jose ami Way Htatinnn (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) li»Op
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa, Cruz, Piidfio Grove and
Principal Way Stations J 3 1 33p
■■••a San Jose. Tres Pinos, HsiuU Crux, '-.
Paclllo Orore, Paso Ilubles, San '
Luis Obispn, Guadalupe, Surf and . • .' :~V •
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
l«>4Ot Joto Hurt Way Stations *S:OOa
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations.. 3i3op
t «2i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
. . Giiroy. Hollister, Sauta Crm,
Salina*. Monterey and Paclßo * '.."--•
Oroie... ..: •IOi8«4
•Bi3Op Jose and Way Stations # 9:00 a
*4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:33 a
3:30p Sau.Tose and Principal Way Stations •8:33*
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p Sail Jose aud Way Stetions * 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~"
• Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL*- »
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, '9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00, f 15, *6:00. 6:SO p. m. •> .
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sund-vs, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
STXDATS -*8: •9:00. «10:00, 11:00 11:30
8. m. 1:00, *1:45. *2:30. »4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
- 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
- Trains marked (•) run to San <J.ientin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-6:25, »6:40 7:55. 8:40. •10:20
a. m. 12:30. 2:45. »3 '•> 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 n d 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS^7:OO.. •8:00, »9:45, '10:45. "11:45
a. m., 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. »5:15, •6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m. , .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:85
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 6:30, u:SO, 10:20 p. m. ,
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ■ Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exo'ptd Bxc'ptd | Dally.
7:80 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:46 pm 6:00 pm
• :10 am 2:05 pm Merced U:4O pm 4:13 pro
10:40 am 8:35 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:46 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:48 pm
1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersflold 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:26 prrL Vlsalla 6:40 am I:2lpm
11:16 pm 6:53 pm Tular> I 5:50 am 1:05 pny
" Stopping at intermediate points aa reQulred.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manages Office, 821 Maxkat
Ur&et. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
1 1 Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
}%-. •• Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 189S,
/ WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on. Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
■ day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m. : '-
1 SUNDAYS, S. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
: and 4 p. m. •: .:!, .j •
i ■..' ■'-••'; Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
I THOS. COOK & SON, Asts.. 621 Market at.
78
ENDEAVORERS
WILL FLOCK TO
OAKLAND SOON
Convention to Open
Next Thursday.
BIG ATTENDANCE EXPECTED
DECORATION Oi THE PRINCIPAL
"STREETS COMMENCES TO-DAY.
A concert of Four Hundred Voices
Will Herald the Advent of Chris
tian Endeavorers' Annual
Reunion Tuesday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Broadway, May 14.
The great Stnte convention of the
Christian Endeavorers will open at the
Exposition Building: next Thursday after
noon, and it is predicted that the attend
ance will be unparalleled. The work of
decorating the principal streets of this
city will be commenced to-morrow, and
In a couple of days Oakland will appear
In its best to receive the delegates.
On Tuesday evening the Christian En
deavor concert of 400 voices and special
sts will act as a forerunner of the
• ition, and there is little doubt but
that many will be turned away from the
doors of the imposition building on that
night who are anxious to pay double the
price of the 50-cent admission.
The convention will open with an an
them by the Christian Endeavor Chorus
.<r 400 B( a of welcome will
follow by J. C. Suhr, chairman of the
'S9 committee, and Mayor R. \Y. Snow on
behalf of the city. The convention ser
mon. "Reflecting Christ," will be dcliv
: Hugh K. Walker of Los
Angeles.
At Friday morning's session the speak
ers will he Rev. \v. (". Sherman of
!L. W. l'> nn Of Santa Paula,
Rev. 11. M. Tenney or San Jose, A. \Y.
and L. T. Hatneld. On last year's
a the State Union's officers and
tents will sp< ak. and .Mrs. Ed
mund Taylor will deliver an address on
"His Light on the Seas." Cotnmi
will also be announced at the morning
on. In th ooon there will
question box
will bo conducted by Rev. George C.
Adams of San Francisco, and Rev. Fran
ton will talk on "The
Hour," ami the State officers will
each have an Interesting topic to pre
sent. Friday evening will be devotea to
song st-rvii c, Interspersed with short ser-
Rev. F. E.
Clark, Re C. Adams, Rev. <".
a. A. Graves of Fresno.
On Saturday morning reports of com
mittrts on resolutions. constitution,
finance and nominations will be submit
ted and the chi c next place of
meeting will be determined, followed by
a symposium of ex-State presidents.
Miss Gordon, secretary of the National
W. C. T. ',*.. will speak at this session.
The Junior rally is set for Saturday
afternoon. with special programme.
During the afternoon also the visiting
delegates will be driven in carriages,
and by cars to various points of
interest about Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley, while unfinished business will
be disposed of during the evening session.
On Sunday early prayer meetings will
be held in Oakland. Bast Oakland, Ala.
md Betkeley, led by E. H. Baker
of San Jose, G. H. Wheeler of San Jose,
A. 1". Me necia and Dr. Sarah
E. Wise of San Francisco. In the e\ <■•.)
ing there will be a mass meeting at Sea
men's Rest; installation of officers by
irk, D. D. ; closing conse
. roll call cf State officers
and county unions, and individual and
society responses.
CHINESE FISHERMEN
CAUGHT IN THE ACT
IMPORTANT CAPTURE BY DEP
UTY FISH COMMISSIONERS.
A LAMED A. May 34.— Fifteen Chinese
fishermen hailing from Hunters' .Point
arrested tb-day in San Leandro Bay
by Deputy Fish Commissioners J. H.
. H. Hansel], T. B. Mathews and |
N. X Scofleld. They were booked at the
<'irv Prison on a charge of violating the
game law*, which make it a misdemeanor
• ti striped bass weighing less than
pounds.
The fishermen left Hunters Point last
night In Hve boats carrying a crew of
men each. They were followed
the bay by the deputies In
launches. The Chinamen sailed up San
» wd anchored for the night
the mouth of .San Leandro Creet.
deputies ran their launches up a
where, unobserved by the Mon
they watched their movements un
til nearly noon to-day, when they put
firth to round up the lawbreakers.
soon as of the
launches was noticed there was a great
commotion aboard the lishing boats. The
- turned their attention to dumping
their catch ov< rboard as rapidly as pos- !
Bible. Three of the boats, however, -were
overhauled before the evidence against '
the ftsh< rin. mi ).a<i been destroyed, but the
two made hasty work of unloading
their cargo and when they were rounded
up the Chinamen aboard were as inno-
In appearance as though they had
r caught a tish in their lives. The
crews of the three captured craft were
brought ashore and marched to the Ala
meda City Prison. They claim to be
.shrimp fishers' and assert that it was
through no fault of theirs that a few un
der-weight bass became entangled in
their nets.
It is asserted that this gang of China
men has been causing the Fish Commis
sioners a great amount of trouble, and
the officials take considerable satisfac
tion in their capture.
GREAT DAY'S SPORT
FOR THE GUN CLUBS
FRED FEUDNER WINS THE EM
PIRE MEDAL.
ALAMEDA, May 14.— The San Fran
cisco and Empire gun clubs held their
regular monthly shoots to-day at Ala
meda Point. Considering the gale mat
was blowing and the consequent uncer
tain angles taken by the targets the
members did some remarkably fine shoot
ing. The summary of the San Francisco
Club events follows:
Medal and money club race at twenty-five
Justin* is. Kane 11, McLean 14, Keller
12. Daniels 21. Palmer 19, Arear 14. King 16
Lock« 10, miner 20, Bekeart 23, Webb
20, Halght 22, Golcher 21, Forester 23. Sears 22
Iticklefcen 23, Newstadter 15, Jlurdock 20 Shaw
20, Klevesahl 18, Dreyfus 20. J. Kullnian 12
H. Kullman 13. 'Wands 10, Peil 14, Shields 8*
Rosenberg 14, Kerrison 21, Hoyt 11, Derby 16
Xoble 8. Hawxhurst 15, Sears 24, Kerrison 12*
Sweeney 15, Isham 10, Grubb 16, Fay 14 Black
8, McDonald 15, Bickerstaff 22, Nauman 13
Shields 11, Grant 16, McKae 19, Andrews 20*
Ishitm 13. Shields 3.
Back score?— Andrus' 21, Nauman 20, Palmer
17.. Nauman 16, Fitzpatrlck 10, Sears 20, Haight
JO, Neustadter 21. Oolcher 19, Sbieldi 17 Dan
iels IS. Bekeart 16, Arear 19. '
Club shoot for the Peudner cup, twenty-five
targets, expert class— l-iekfart 17, Webb 14
Fcndner 18, Golcher IS, Halght 17, Nauman 16'
bears 11. "i, *„■ ...
Back scores— Fay 12, Grant 15. •
Known traps, unknown anglers— 20
Forster 19, Justins 14, Murdoch 18, Neustadter
18, King 20, Sweeney 19, Kleveaahl 23, Shaw
17. Ricklefeen 23, Palmer 20, Webb 10.
Known traps and angles— Lane 16, Pell 13
"Wands 9, Rosenberg 8, H. Kullman 1.", J.
Kullman 12. Dreyfus 13, Weil 8, Lockwood 17.
1 The scores made by the members of the
Empire Gun Club are as follows:
Medal shoot, twenty-five targets— Baird 14,
Hnuer 21, Guzette 11. Debenham 16, F. Feud
ner 23, A. La Motto 16, Lewis- 8, Peltier 12,
Gere 13, Smith 13. Hazen 17, Cornwall 10, Juster
14. White 10. Upham 13, Mitchell 19, V. La
Motte 20, Fisher 19, Andrus 19. Durst 16, Hunt
6, Alden 13. Halle 23. Marsh 9, Klevesahl 19,
Shaw 19, Wallam 11. Sweeney 14, Shields 13.
Haile and Feudner shot off a tie, the latter
winning the medal.
Money match, twenty-five targets— First class:
Hnuer 17. F. Feudner 21, La Motte 20, Haile 13.
Second class: Hazen 7, Mitchell 18, Andrus 21,
Klevesahl 17. Shaw 11. Third class: Baird 8.
Debenham 22. A. La Motte 16, Juster 13. Durst
15. Fourth class: Guzette 5. Lewis 10, Upham
14. Gere 6, White 8, Cornwall S. Alden 10. First
money was won by F. Feudner. >
club match for prize gun, twenty targets—
Ar.drue 10, Sweeney 7, Debenham 16, Haver 12,
Feudner 17, Shields 8, Halle 13, Durst 3,
Mitchell 10, V. La Motte 13.
Handicap merchandise match, two prizes,
$2 50 each, twenty targets— Parent 17, Alden 12,
Peltier 12. Andrus 15, Dehenham 15. Shields 17,
Ouxetta 15, A. La Motte 15. Haver 10,
Haile 10. Cornwall 13. Gerf 12. T'pham 13, Mitch
eV. 17. Parent. Shields and Mitchell tied and In
the shoot-off Parent won first prize. Shields and
Mitchell tielng for second place. In the shoot
oft Shields won.
KELLOGG ON SYMPATHY.
Baccalaureate Sermon Before the Uni
versity of California Graduates
by Their President.
BERKELEY. May 14.— President Mar-
tin Kellogg of the University of Cali
fornia delivered the annual baccalaureate
sermon this afternoon to the mem
bers of the graduating class. The occa
sion was memorable as being the last,
probably, on which the venerable head of
the faculty will speak to the students in
his official capacity.
The sermon was given in the audi
torium of the First Congregational
Church, on Dana street, 'iho graduates,
with their friends, completely filled the
building. Appropriate music was ren
dered by the church choir.
President Kellogg had chosen for his
subject "The Sympathetic Life." His ad
dreas was an appeal to the college bred
man and woman to keep constantly in
touch with their fellow-beings, and "with
all the means of higher culture. He ar
gued at length for an attitude toward
based upon sympathy, with a con
stant endeavor to exact the good, tne
beautiful and the true. True sympathy
with these three ideals and with hu
manity, he concluded, meant untlmately
a true sympathy with man's creator.
ARIEL OARSMEN
OPEN THE SEASON
WILSON BROTHERS' CREW WON
THE BARGE RACK
Two weeks ago the Ariel Rowing Club
proposed to hold the opening regatta of
the season at Long Bridge, and prepared
a programme of nine events. But on the
appointed day a drenching rainstorm came
on, and later an earthquake struck the
boathouse and shook it to its very foun
dations. Yesterday there was no rain, but
a violent northeasterly wind and rough
water caused the programme to 1"
rloualy curtailed. The shell and outrigged
skiff races were declared off, though W.
Growney and W. McCausland gave a
short exhibition in skiffs. In the senior
versus intermediate barge race the "Wil
son crew, rowing well within themselves,
and in much better form than their oppo
nents, won by about two lengths. The
winning crew was made up as follows:
Wilson, bow; C. Wilson, Xo. 2; E.
Wilson, No. 3; James Wilson, stroke, and
Roy West, cockswain. The intermediate
crew consisted of E. MeDonough,
bow; A. Haughton, No. 2: Frank Lott,
N.>. 3; EL Lynch, stroke, and Harry Smith.
cockswain.
The only other event that was pulled off
was the race between the "Irish" ami
"German" barge crews, the former boat
carrying a green ti;iic and the latter a tri
colored one in her bows. But, though the
"Irish" crew was composed of Hiber
nians, the "German" crew was by no
means exclusively made up of Teutons.
The course was from a starting point near
the Ariel boathouse to a schooner, round
it and back to the starting point. The
tide and wind set strongly toward the
mark, which was easily reached, but in
the windward work to the goal both
barges became half full of water. The
"Irish" crew, however, won easily from
the Teutonico-Hibornian nggrtgation.
1 The afternoon was whi!e<i away by songs,
! recitations and seeches in the boathouse,
: where refreshments were served. The
jinks were in charge of E. Lynch. H. A.
Pleas, A. Taylor, G. T. McGinness, W.
Howe and J. R. Bookman. The officials
of the regatta were as follows: J. I. No
lan, marshal of course; D. J. Sheehan,
referee; P. J. Enright. starter; H. Pleas,
J. It. Cockman and J. Hardie. judges, and
Walter Blake, timekeeper. The Dolphins
were represented by A. P. Rothkopf and
George Baker and several Pioneers were
on hand.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association has received an offer from the
California Northwestern Railway for a
regatta at El Campo, and will m^t next
lesday evening to consider the pro
posal. If it is accepted the committee will
set a date and proceed to arrange a pro
gramme.
AMATEUR ATHLETES.
i Next Championship Regatta Will Be
Held Over an Accurately Meas
ured Course.
At a meeting of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic Union, held last
night, the following members of the
board of managers were present: J. R.
Bookman, in the chair; S. J. Pembroke,
C. Dole, H. A. Keelor, W. Espy, George
Jamrs, H. Hauser, A. P. Rothkopf. li.
A. "Widemann and a representative of the
Columbia Boys' Club. President Bock
man read a communication from J. E.
Sullivan, secretary of the A. A. U., -with
regard to the fees to be paid to the Pa
cific Association for sanctions for foot
ball and other sports. The representative
from Stanford University was requested
to use his influence to have the delinquent
fees for football sanctions paid by the
! executive committee of the university.
Secretary Keeler was instructed to write
j to J. D. Mahoney. formerly secretary of
the association, asking him to forward
all records in his possession. Notice was
given of three proposed amendments to
the constitution of the Pacific Association
—first, that each club have three (instead
of one. aa at present) representatives on
the board of managers; second, that none
but bona-flde amateurs have seats on the
board; third, that no member of the
board be permitted to bid for medals or
other trophies to be awarded as prizes
by the association. The secretary was
instructed to send notices of the amend
ments to all the members of the board,
the amendment to come up for ac
ceptance or rejection at the next meet
ing of the board.
| An amendment was made that tho
Alameda Boating Club will make an
endeavor to have the next championship
rowing regatta held on Oakland (reek,
where the water Is smooth and the facili-
I ties for viewing the races are much great
i er than at Long Bridge. $. course is to
be surveyed and distances accurately
! measured, so that the times made over
the course may be worthy of record and |
may enable California oarsmen to com- i
pare their performances with those of
men In other parts of the United
States.
The members of the board were ask
!ed to use their best efforts to make
ihe indoor tournament to be held under |
■ the auspices of the P. A. A. on Thursday ;
evening, May 25. in the gymnasium of
the < )lymplc Club, as great a success as
| possible.
Importance of Invisible Things.
Rev. Mardon D. Wilson, pastor of St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, preached a
very interesting sermon on "Reality and
Importance of Invisible Things" last
evening. He touched upon things which
are closest the heart of man, and ex
plained the conscience which should be
exercised In treating them. In part he
said:
One distinguishing mark of a righteously re
ligious man is his attitude toward invisible
things. He discerns them, others do not. The
Bible ix full of illustrations, of which we
mention two. Ellsha saw the countless thou
sands of the armies of the Lord who were his
protection when the King of Syria came to
take him at Dothan. His servant could not
\t the baptism of our Lord by John the
Baptist he heard the voice of his Father speak
ing to him; others round him said it
thundered.
Evidently things Invisible to mortal eyes are
the subject matter of the Christian faith, and
for them the Scripture claims the utmost re
ality, '^d, his providence. Immortality are the
eFßenco of Christian verity, and St. Paul says,
"We look not on the things which are seen but
on the things which are not seen; for the
thing? which are seen are temporal, and the
things which are not seen are eternal."
Upon what doea this power of Christian
THE SA:N FKAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
vision rest? Ca) Primarily and mainly upon
the righteousness of the individual, which rests
upon the promise of the Master, "The pure in
heart shall see God."
(b) But it rests also on the analogy of what
we call natural things. Gravity, electricity,
evaporation, other forces and powers of nature,
are quite as Invisible to the human eye as the
unseen things of Christianity. So morally
men's motives are more real than their ac
tions.
This belief In the spiritual vision of invisible
things is no more against the spirit of our age
than against the spirit of the age of Christ:
it is really against the spirit of any age, but
this is only in this case evidence of its truth.
"The voice of the people is not always the
voice of ' God."
80, then, we justify our faith in the invisible
by its results. As the law of gravity made its
place by the problems it solved, so this faith
In the Invisible Is Justified by the clear moral
judgment* of those who s^e because they are
: pure in heart. The Christian then becomes a
city set upon a hill, and by the radiance of his
deeds the world Judges of the truth of the in
| visible things which he believes. This is a re
| sponsibillty which Christians cannot shirk.
TARGETS PUNCTURED BY
BY MANY RIFLEMEN
A DAY'S SHOOTING AT SHELL
MOUND RANGES.
Five shooting organizations gathered at
I the Shell Mound ranges yesterday and a
large number of marksmen kept up a
| ceaseless fusillade at the targets from
' early mor*hing until darkness compelled
them to desist.
The day was far from favorable for
good results. The wind, which blew a per
i feet gale, played sad havoc with the judg
ment of the rifle enthusiasts and the
scores were hardly up to the average,
Following are the scores in detail:
Xorddeutscher Verein in monthly bullseye
i shoot. H. Stelling 315, August Kahmann 37i\
j D. Salfleld 492. J. Gefken 627, H. Burfiend 677.
I F. Thode SO6. O. Lemcke 938, H. Helberg 976,
J. Lankenau 994, F. P. Schuster 1032, E. Ipsen
1125.
i Monthly medal shoot Germanla Schuetzen
! Club: First champion class, J. Utschlg 434:
I second champion class, N. Ahrens 409; first
class. E. H. Goetze 392; second class, J. F.
I Bridges 402; third class. J. Beuttler 342; best
| first shot, L. Staake 24; best last shot, J. F.
Bridges 25.
Competition or cash prizes: A. Strecker 71,
D. B. Faktor 70.
Bushnell medal shoot: D. B. Faktor 219, A.
Strecker 211, E. Goetze 204.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
! medal shoot: Champion class, John Utschig,
4C2; ' first class, not filled; second class, A.
Jungblutt 410; third class, E. H. Goetze 395;
fourth class, J. Lankenau 370; best first shot,
J. Lankenau 23; best last shot, H. Burflend 23.
Next Sunday and Monday the verein will hold
its grand annual May festival.
Independent Rifles monthly medal shoot: Ser
geant Wildrell 44, Corporal Schonig 38, S. A.
Stang 37, H. Schneider 37, Lieutenant S Staude
, 35. S. H. Kuhlke 35, R. V. Blther 35, Corporal
I Worthinffton 34, H. Staude 34, E. Helmke 33.
; H. Kuhlke .12, A. Iverson 30. H. Goetjen 31, H.
; Fegge S2, M. Gllborson 31, A. Frederikson 2S,
N. Warzolf 26, S. Felix 23, Corporal Frederlk
! son 24, C. Staude 23, H. Goetjen 31, 20.
The Golden Gate Pistol and Rifle Club
. was organized last Friday with the fol-
I lowing officers: F. H. Bushnell, presl
j dent; D. W. McLaughlin, vice president;
J. K. Gorman, secretary-treasurer; E. N.
Moore, first shooting master; F. K. Mason,
■ second shooting master; trustees— Otto
| Bremer, E. Jacobson. They will shoot the
| second and fourth Sundays of each month.
Their scores for yesterday were as fol
lows:
Team rifle shooting at twenty-flve-rlng- Ger
man target: P. Mason 231, Dr. L. O. Rodgers
; : P. Jacobsen ':24, J. E. Gorman 222, E
219, A. Belknap 196, T. Bridges 211.
Pistol at standard American target: J. E.
Gorman 82, '.'4. W; Dr. Rodgers 92, 93; F. Mae< v
93.
IT WAS A MILKMEN'S PARTY.
A Big Row Over the Rejection of an
Applicant for Union Membership.
The Swiss milkmen, not to be outdone
by the kid-glove aristocracy, had a select
party of their own out on the Mission
road on Saturday night.
The affair was advertised to come off at
the saloon of Joseph Hess and Joseph
Deschuranble, both of whom are expert
milkers, and as a consequence took par
ticular pains to have a select gathering
of their own kind. In this they succeeded
far beyond their expectations, for every
! dairy along the Mission road was deserted
< and ail hands assembled at the place
designated.
Hesa acted as master of ceremonies and
as soon as the floor was properly set his
whistle gave the dancers notice that all
social formalities had b<?en set aside and
each couple, whether paired off by mem
bers of the opposite sex or otherwise, was
given to understand that the affair would
be a go-as-you-please racket.
During the early hours of the morning
and when the musicians had been com
pletely pumped out it was proposed to
hold a meeting of the recently-organized
Milkeis' Union. This motion prevailed
and it would have been better for all
hands if it had been voted down, for it
i brought a whole lot of trouble to all who
participated in its deliberations.
The whole trouble arose over the ad
mission of a can cleaner from Fessler's
dairy. His proposition for membership
was objected to by the drawers of the
lacteal fluid. They could not stomach a
can cleaner as one of their members.
From angry words to blows was the
shortest road to an adjustment of the
trouble. In short, there was a large
sized fight on hand in less' time than It
takes to spell the words. The barroom
that was the pride of the residents of the
, Six-Mile House was in smithereens In a
I few minutes. Then the party adjourned
to the sidewalk and opened a fusillade of
rocks on the windows and side of the
house.
The racket was heard by Sergeant.
Blank, who was on duty on College Hill,
and he at once railed for an auxiliary
force from the Seventeenth Street Sta
tion. Captain Gillin responded and dis
patched Officers Tom O'Connor, E. J.
Thompson, Tom Connell and A. Winslow
with the patrol wagon.
On the arrival of the reserve force at
the scene the sidewalk was dyed a purple
hue, and half a dozen or more of the
late dancers were laid out. Blank, with
the assistance of his force, gathered In
the following and charged them with
drunkenness: Joseph Underalben, Alexan
der Renner, Ben Van Weurgert. Frank
Emhoff, Louis Blattler, Antone Anderag,
C. Gost, Joseph Zehner and John Betchet.
The two proprietors, Joseph Hess and
Joseph Desehuranble, were locked up on
the charge of conducting a disorderly
house. By the time the merrymakers ar
rived at the Seventeeenth Street Station
the clock had pointed to the hour of 6 in
the morning.
AT THE PARK AND BEACH.
High Winds Make Pleasure-Seeking
a Labor of Love.
Notwithstanding the dust and flying
gravel and the harmony-dissipating, bone
chilling wind that blew all yesterday
afternoon, the Park band played on and
did not complete the elaborate programme
until 'nearly 5 o'clock. The small au
| dience was not unduly appreciative, being
I occupied chasing hats and downing skirts
i that wafted heavenward. In consequence
j but little enjoyment was to be found at
the city's rleasure ground.
The drive was small and wheelmen
scarce. No accidents occurred and a
spirit of ennui pervaded the Emergency
Hospital and Police Station. Superin
tendent McLaren reports that the grading
i has been completed on the new lake out
! toward the beach and this week work will
be i-ummcnced on the road running to it
from First avenue. The grading of the
lake was a big undertaking, and the park
officials are pieased at its completion, as
attention can now be turned to other im-
provements.
At the Chutes the usual large crowd
congregated. The programme in tho
theater is of high standard and the house
was packed. The Arizona Snake Charm
ers, The Merry Midget and a performing
bear are the attractions in the Zoo this
week, while a new galloping horse merry
go-round and the tiny passenger train
amuse the crowd outside. Owing to the
high wind Markeberg did not make an as
(■ciisior. yesterday, postponing the event
until next Sunday, at which time the
ascension will be made, the weather per
mitting, 'wi.
Tho guests of Sutro s Baths were enter
tained by an Interesting aquatic contest.
The results follow:
Fifty-yard dash— G. "Wallace first. C. Dono
van second. High diving for boys— C. Donovan
lirst T. Ouprin second. Tub race— E. Wells
i first, C. Augustus second, M. Divert third.
Trick nml fancy springboard diving— T. Guerin
first, R. Stelljes second. The day's entertain
-1 mrnt closed with an exhibition trapeze diving
j contest between Otto Schulte and A. J. Baker,
both men bclpg roundly applauded at the con-
I elusion of the performance.
Some men judge by appearances, but
detectives judge by disappearances.
POINT LOMA CONGRESS
OF THE THEOSOPHISTS
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD DIS
CUSSES ITS FEATURES.
Dr. Jerome Anderson Tells About the
Project of Establishing a Colony
for Uplifting Humanity.
The regular meeting: of the Universal
Brotherhood, Theosophists of America,
was held last evening: at the Academy of
Sciences building. The meeting partook
of the nature of a symposium and was
devoted strictly to a consideration of the
recent congress of the brotherhood held
at Point Loma, Cal., and of the good re
sults which are to result from the con
vention of men interested in the uplift
ing of humanity.
A large audience gathered to hear Dr.
Jerome A. Anderson, Mrs. H. H. Somers
and Professor Oettl give their individual
impressions of the congress. Professor
Oettl also entertained his hearers with
musical selections which were well re
ceived.
Mrs. Somers stated that the dedication
of the corner stone of the building which
is to be erected by the brotherhood at
Point Loma was symbolical to her of a
rededication of the organization to hu
manity. To her it appeared that a mighty
temple of truth will rise on the site,
which will be a power throughout the
land.
Dr. Anderson devoted himself princi
pally to the colonization project of the
brotherhood which the congress had de
cided to establish at Point Loma.
"All nations," he said, "wfn be repre
sented in the colony, for we believe that
no man should be excepted in the gen
eral endeavor to uplift humanity. Schools
will be established, substantial houses
will be built and in fact everything that
goes to make a perfect colony will be
incorporated in the movement. Some
colonists are even now ready to go into
it, and there will be plenty to take ad
vantage of the inducements offered to de
serving applicants.
"The inspiration that I received from
the congress was that we are going to
accomplish a noble work and one that
cannot fail to have a substantial bearing
on the future state of society. Earnest
and steadfast support, however, is ab
solutely necessary if you would see the
successful fruition of the grand project."
After the speakers had concluded their
addresses a general discussion followed
on the subject in which several present
took part. The usual questions by inquir
ing persons were put and satisfactorily
answered by the members.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Haight. AJameda.: C B Peck, Chicago
H W Haskell, Petaiu W M Flook, Chicago
C B Overacker, Niles W Pruett, Carlln
L E Cochran, Boston J Pinney &w, Fresno
H B Hall, Cal C M Paine & . family,
A B Bauman, Chicago Milwaukee
D J Coleman, Chicago T G Nlcklln. Seattle
J Whlcher, S L ObispoE M Armstrong, Cal
E J Crane, Men Park A Grunaeur & w, Cal
W W Fonte, Oakland Mrs C A Slack, Tracy
T B Pheby, Oakland W H Allen, Mexico
T W Henshaw, Oakla C X Swain, L Angeles
W O Henshaw, Oakld E Schmidt, Elgin
W Hansen, 8 Rafael IT E Ellison, Indiana
Mrs Allen. Cal M V Tittle, Indiana
W J Martin, Cal J F Clapp, S Andreas
S P Morse, Cal W A Bell, Placerville
B Debedemetti, Ca! |w R Adin Fresno
J. Smith. Cal jB J Mason, Placerville
J H Cooper, Berkeley 'Dr. E A Dial, S L Ob
J W Flanagan, Berkel J W Evans & w Chic
F T Smith, tfacto 'E B Hornung & wife,
H B C>ok, Chicago ! Marysviile
.1 11 Fleming, Chicago W B Gillis, Yrcka
R Spencer. Chicago H C Swain & w Pal
M 1. Isham, Courtland W A Fish, Red Blurt
F tfqocot, Napa |W H Hilton, G Ellen
F Rasmussen & w.NpaiE McD Mlnoney. N M
G Mainhart Grass ValjK M Drake, Cal
M J Foley & family, F E Twombley, Pasad
Baker City IS A McDonald, Ukiah
C E Hale, L Angeles! H G Hahman, S Rosa
YV S Harlan & w. Pa ij G Western & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
C M Hunter. Salt Lake Q L Taft. Spokane
E R Klmball, Missouri Mrs Taft, Spokane
E R Abadle, Mexico A L Dlckerman, Colo
F X Seggerman. N T Springs
E L Farmer, Stanford D J Baker, Boston
A H Cohen. NT AC Wheelwright, Bob
S Leon, N V |Mrs Wheelwright, Bos
G L Naft, Spokane iMlss Wheelwright, Bos
Mre Naft. Spokane R A Stewart, Boston
G A Sonnerman, Hpok J W Frankel, N T
J Paulson, Portland Wde L Benedict. NT T
J A Blttel. Chicago G J Roberts. Madera
C" J Goucher, Cal IT Wanler, England
C G Hayes, Cal JE T Murray, Plttsbrg
F H Short, Fresno ,L T Appold, Balttmre
F W Hallowel l. Boston C L Stebbins. Rocnes
G S Mpyers, St Louis < Mrs Watt
A D Harlan. Pa J F Kelly, Plttsfleld
G M Paine. Milwauk J Oestricher. N V
Mrs I'ainf. Milwaukee | W J Cheyney, Phila
Mrs. Cheney, Phlla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Keating. St Louis w Davis, San Pedro
C E Perry, Chicago R Jones, San Pedro
R W Gates, Chicago ,'L D Finks, Salt Lake
F Small. Fresno ,J L Murray, Vancouv
Mrs J Hosey, Reno P H Fitzgerald. Cal
C A Morltz. San Rosa H M Joyce, Reno
J Luczaek. Modesto I Mrs L Manning. Cal
.1 C Hughes, B Angelesj J Meyers, Stockton
G S Barnes, Ventura I
Builders' Contracts.
Francis Spiller (owner) with Wilson & Long
(contractors), architect none — All work and
tearing down of old building for a two-story
frame" building on E line of Twenty-sixth ave
nue 100 S of Clement street. E SO by S 25; $l. r .r>fl.
Kaspar Plschel (owner) with William F.
Wilson (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blals
dell—Plumbing, gasnUing. sewering and tiling
for a two-=tory double frame building with at
tic and basement on R line of California street,
120 W of Franklin, W 7r, by S 137:6; $2912.
J. B. Arramblde (owner) with A. Christensea
(contractor), architect Charles R. Wilson— All
work for a three-story frame buildinp (flats)
on E line of Jones street, 113 N of Washinston,
E 128:9, N 24:6. E 8:9, N 7:6, W 137:6, S 32;
$10,200.
William A. Deane (ownfr) with E. C. Blpt^h
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blaip.iell— All
work, except tinning, hardware, gas fixtures,
rough lumber, flooring, shingles, stepping,
mantels, painting and electric work, for a tw.>
story frame building with basement and attic
on E line of Twenty-third avenue, 150 N of
Point Lobop. E 120 by N T6, O. L. 203; $3979.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 14.
Stmr Lakme, Tyson. 94 hours from Tacoma.
Schr Glen, Neilsen, 54 hours from Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE- -Sailed May 14— Ship C F Sargent,
for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 14— Stmr Barados
sa, from Hromfn Miiy 3.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY No. <£_£_<»
16, K. T., Golden Gate, building, 625^Trif
Sutter ■■ st.— Stated assembly - THIS l|jj
EVENING at 8 o'clock. All fraters v^'
are courteously Invited. ■ ■.
CHARLES L. PATTON, Em. Cora.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder. .;
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, ■. ■
Royal Arch Masons, meets -THIS^J\^
EVENING. Business P. M. and M. E. It/C
M. degrees. . . ' ', . f^F*
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and *
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, -^iV.
at 7 o'clock. Second degree. By order Tiyf
of the Master. . ■"• '▼>
■ . WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S LODGE No. 260, F. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, 183 a Fill--^_
more St.— First degree THIS 'MON-jTlf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/>r>
order of the Master. "' '-•■■■'■ ' . ■ -;?:
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. -
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that' a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been ' called ~by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 18'J9, at 11 o'clock In the fore-
noon of said day, at the' principal place of
business, of said Company, - at the building :
where the said Board- of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,"
: number 327 Market St.,' In the City and County
of San Francisco, ■ State of ' California; ■•„- that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded 1 Indebtedness of two: million
live : hundred thousand dollars > ($2,500,000), in
. United States gold coin, '; for the - purpose of
raising . money •to complete the i construction
-of Its steamships and their equipment, for
1 * use ' in the business of this : corporation, and
■ to purchase and '■ pay for any- other ■ property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure . the ■ bonded ■ Indebtedness tso proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing, ships and all other, property >of
. said Company now owned or hereafter to be
. acquired by said Company. < . ;■
By . order . of the ; Board of Directors '• of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.. ■ ■■; - .
. [Corporate Seal.]: , E. H. SHELDON
. Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
.-/■■ pany. . •.■•: '••>; ■._■_■•■ :' ;: . ■;-' - '-■■ . L ;,Ai,--^
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meeting
;•; of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
' Company ; will •be held at 327 m Market I st., San
Francisco, ; Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d T day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a. Board of. Directors to serve
. - for the ensuing year, : and i the » transaction of
I such other business ; as ' may come before the
meeting. : Transfer books will ■ close '. on ■ Fri-
day, May 12, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m. :?-. •
- CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 527 Market Bt. I ,' San Francisco, Cal.
*■■■.■■ ... ...
T U SPECIAL NOTICES. ; < /
PlLES^P^E^F^n3ws^p^^wLlveTsrper
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, : external, . : Internal .. or - protudlng
piles without fail. : no matter of how long
standing. : 1628 DeviEadero st.. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from - $3; whitened, $1 up;
* painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ' ejected "■ for ■ $4; ' collections ' made
city or country. PACIFiC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES*.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
-. five : cents ■ per share) :: of the Hutchinson, Su-
gar Plantation Company ■■ will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after SATURDAY, May 20, 1599. Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY. May 13,
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
■'. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. >
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; lei. Main 1997. .-Bradley & Co.. 6iO Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES, we can furnish you with a first-class ,
• servant with reference if you ; leave us your
orders; care taken to suit customers. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German .Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook and
houseworker; $12 to $15; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YUNG girl wishes place - to assist in house-
work, second work or care of children. MRS.
• NORTON, .313 Sutter at. ,
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; . wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
COLORED woman, good cook and housework-
er; references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT, competent . Swedish girl, with best .of
reference, desires situation, cooking and
housework; Oakland preferred. MISS CUL-
• LEN. 325 Sutter st. - - • ,
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second work; $10 to $15; best refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.. ; tel. Main 5332,
■ help of all . nationalties desire various posi-
tions. -.■ ■ • '■ ■ •
GERMAN girl, competent, cook, , wishes a
situation in a private family; willing to
leave the city; wages $25 to $30; city refer-
ences. Box 790, Call. ■
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
. Hotel, Ellis St., room 23.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
housecleaning by the day. Call at 2 Welch
St., • between Third, and -Fourth,. Bryant and
Brannan.
A GERMAN girl wishes position for cooking
J or housework; would prefer a Catholic fam-
ily. 1312 Van Ness aye., near Sutter st.
A SITUATION wanted by a competent woman;
■- general housework; city or country. Please
call 1095 Howard st.
COMPETENT young woman wants situation;
housework; good reference; country preferred.
Call at 474 Jessie st. '
LADY wishes to do housework; city or coun-
try: will work for small wages. 6SI Mission
St., room 24. . ■
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleaning; $1 a day and carfare. Box
754. Call. -
YOUNG girl would like a place to assist in
: light housework. Address L. M., 2 Tehama.
COMPETENT woman as cook; no objection to
short distance In country. . Box 329. Call.
LADY wants plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 821 Mission St.. room 1. .
LADY wants plain sewing and repairing to do
j at home. 150 Fourth st., room 12. •
WANTED— Position In private family by first-
class cook; no washing. Box 241, Call office.
WANTED— By woman, plain sewing by the
day; grand darner, lace curtain and fine linen
repairing a specialty; prompt reply to all or-
ders. Call or address MRS. CLARK, 730
O'Farrell st.
AN . experienced woman going to England
would like care of invalid or children either
whole or part of Journey; good city refer-
ence*. MRS. B , 2120 Bush St.
WELL-EDUCATED lady, speaking three lan-
guages, musical, wishes engagement In good
family as housekeeper or companion govern-
ess: good references. Box 791, Call office.
WANTED — Sewing by the day; children's
clothes: family sewing; will go with dress-
maker; quick sewer: terms, $1. Address H.
W., box 245, Call office.
YOUNG girl. 15 years old, wishes to take care
of . children. Address PH. MATHEI, 209
. Bank st.
GIRL wishes situation for general* housework
and cooking. 1014 Bryant st.
WORK of any kind by the day; first-class
laundress;- first-class reference. 8318 Geary.
WIDOW with girl aged 12 wishes position as
cook; ranch or mining camp. Box 216, Call.
LADY wishes position as companion or to take
care of invalid or elderly lady. Box 62, Call.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper, coun-
try or mining town preferred. Room 9, S6; 1 *
Market .st.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
| dressing. Apply room 400. ■. Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS ANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE Emp. ■ Office; | help; , farm hands;
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment- Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell . st. ; '. tel. East 424.
GERMAN desires a place as coachman; under-
stands care of a fine horses; , good careful
driver: also good gardener; make himself
generally useful; city or country; references.
Box 319. Call. Oakland.
SHORT order cook wants a place In a coffee
and chop house or bakery or lunch counter
. cook. 514 Central aye.. j near Hayes st.
GERMAN young man wants work; handy with
.tools. Address Room 10, 7 Grant aye.
ENERGETIC business man, with excellent ref-
. erences, will be in San Francisco on, or about
May 22, and will be pleased to hear from re-
liable firms j who wish to be represented in
Great Britain or France for California prod-
uce; or from firms importing goods from Eng-
land or France. Address box 799, Call office.
PROFESSIONAL gardener, 35 years old, Scan-
dinavian, desires a situation; recommenda-
tions for several years : In one place. Box
•; 69. Call flee. <. -. ... •'•./.
YOUNG man, Swedish, wishes situation in city,
private place; worked 7 years last place; good
references. , Box 247, Call office. ■ ;;
PAINTER. ■ paper hanger and whltener. : handy
with carpenter tools, would like, to work for
an estate or hotel; can take full' charge of all
repairing; no objection to going In the coun-
try. Box 246, Call office.. . ; •"■
BAKER— First-class on bread or cake: city or
country: American preferred. ■ Box 255. Call.
MAN would like a position in bakery as good
cake y baker, j Box ■ 240, Call office. ;
MARRIED man, age 40, 15 years with one firm,
: speaks German, wishes outdoor position as
collector ; or agent ; ■ best iof references : bonds
if necessary. K. X., box 252, Call office.
YOUNG man, 18 years of age, living with his
parents, • wishes employment. Address F. D.,
k 3968 Army ■ st.-y- ; z _ ''. ' > :: -
GARDENER of practical experience will take
charge of gentleman's private garden: under-
stands laying out of ■. new grounds; renovation '
: of- old grounds; .also greenhouse ' fruit and
v vegetable culture for pleasure and profit.
../. Box 842, •; Call office, Oakland. ■>; .
SITUATION wanted by optician with case;
first-class engraver; city or country. Address
box 793, Call office, Oakland.
GARDENER of > long experience wants situa-
tion thoroughly .- understands greenhouse,
: rosehouse,; flower garden,' pruning, budding
• and propagating fruit and .. vegetable grow-
ing; best of references. Address box 253. C*ll.
GOOD sober ' cook wants situation. Address
'•2308 Howard st. >.;.;; : . .-■..■ ;■ -..■•:..■■:.,- -■■-,
GERMAN-AMERICAN, , 35, : wishes situation
..private place ;do chores; thoroughly under-
; stands ■ horses, cows. ' garden, orchard; care-
ful , driver; handy with ■ tools: ■ 5 years' ■ refer-
! ences; t city ■or country. ,J. ■ LEVASIER, 1663
Sixteenth : st., s Oakland.'- :
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
- situation; city or country; steady, sober and
-industrious; can milk . and repair harness-
good references. . ■ Address P. ' LUND, 360 Sev-
■ enth st., Oakland.  , ■ -■■--- .
WANTED- Situation; : either coachman, : groom
man about place;. thoroughly understands care
horses, , : carriages, •'■ garden ■ ■ milking; handy
: with tools; : good driver. > Box 220, ■, Call ; office.
YOUNG . man, 25 years ; old, ; will : do ; housework,
: ; or. any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 723E
Call, office. ..■■'.:■ '. ..■■■:•,; \*
JAPANESE boy wants : a " place to ? work ' even-
■ ings; any kind of work. T. H., 1003 Mason st.
YOUNG Frenchman. v . ; ; honest, good " recom-
; > mendations, " desires •a , place in an r American
• family; ; wages ' no ; object; wants ■to learn the
language. Address A. C. 843 Pacific st.
* ■■;•;-. - -.■: '■',:'..' -• ■ ■-;•■■,.'■ •;--.. -..<■ ; ■
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
3 COOKS, • $25; : German cook, $30, no wash;
cook. San- Rafael. $26; Alameda, $25; Belve-
dere. $20; i laundress, $25; : 3 - waitresses for
country, ■ also city; dressmaker by the day,
-' $1 75; cook, ; boarding • house, also restaurant;
also a number of girls for housework, city
and country, $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT &
.CO.. 316 Sutter st. V ;. : ■
HOUSEKEEPER, $15; 2 cooks, $25 and $30.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. •
NURSE girl, 1 child, sleep home. $10. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, city and country hotels, $20
■ each- 4 chambermaids and s waitresses, $15
each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10 to $12. MISS CUL-
, LEN, 325 Sutter st. - -
LADY'S maid. $30. references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st .
HOUSEWORK, Healdsburg, $25; Modesto, $20;
Concord. $20:' San Rafael. $20; Sausalito. $25;
Alameda $25; Oakland. $25; 8 housework
1 girls city, $20 and $25; 6 young girls assist,
$10 to $15 MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, private family, Oak-
land, $2^ MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter gt.
REFINED woman with a child, $10, country,
and fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Oakland, $25; second_girl city
$25; second girl. $15. MRS. NORTON,. 313
Sutter st. ; ■> ■ .
C. R. HANSEN A CO Phone Grant 18
First-class hotel housekeeper, $40, a head
waitress and. stewardess for summer resort
who is used to handling a large crew, $50,
waitresses for springs, water and summer re-
sorts and city hotels. $20; chambermaids to
wait for summer resorts and city hotels.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
60 girls for general housework, city and coun-
try, $15, $25. C. R. HANSEN - & CO.. 104
.". Geary at *'■■•'. - ■ ... -■
2 HOUSEGIRLS for Colusa,, $25 and $20; see
lady here; fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
"104 Geary. st. -■■ ■ ■ : ' - . ■
HELP of all nationalties to fill various posi-
tions.. $12 to $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 415
Powell st. • - ' \
2 GERMAN girls, nurse and second work, $15
and $20, Oakland, see lady 2 p. m. : 3 German
housework girls, $20 and $25, Oakland;- Swed-
ish second girl. Berkeley, $20. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 418 Powell st. ■
3 GERMAN cooks. $25 and $30; 4 German
housework girls, $20 and $25; nursery gov-
erness, French, English and music, $25.
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st
WAITRESS for hotel, wages $25; chambermaid
for city, wait one meal, wages $20; cook for
boarding-house, $25; young girls for house-
. ■ work, good wages ; also a number of young
girls to assist, wages $IT>. MISS DILLON, 315
Sutter st. phone Main 804.
2 COOKS, '25 each; 3 housegirls. $25; 6 house-
girls, $20. woman with a child. $10: boarding
house cook. $25; middle-aged woman country,
$20; young nurseglrl, 110. MRS.' NORTON,
313 Sutter st. ■ ■
WOMAN to cook for few men on ranch, $15,
fare paid; ranch cooks, housework girls,
waitresses, country hotels. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st ,
WANTED— young girl to assist In
housework; 4 in family; wages $15. Apply
Monday, bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 918 Eddy st.
GOOD girl wanted for light housework; good
home. 138 Rues st. .
YOUNG girl to help in restaurant from 11 to
2 at 258 First st.
WANTED— for light housework. 771 Eddy
street. .
WANTED — Girl to assist housework; sleep
home. 1317 A Clay st. '
GIRLS to learn halrdressing and manicuring.
- 240 Stockton st .
WANTED— ; . pants finisher. 410
Kearny st, rom 20, second floor.
GIRL for country assist In general housework;
wages $12; fare paid. Call at 29% Fourteenth.
WANTED— to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 718 Larkin st. '
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
..eavenworth st.
WANTED — for general housework and
cooking; one who has lived In German famil-
ies preferred. 1303 Octavla st, near O'Farrell.
OPERATORS on custom shirts: steady employ-
ment to first-class hands. P.OGERSON, 535
. Valencia st. .-
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices:
steady employment. Eagl«son Co., 635 Mar-
ket St. ..-..■..■ . ■
WANTED— Experienced driving glove makers.
F. G. CON KLIN & CO., 413 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on coat*;
steady work; good wages. 628 Jessie st.
GIRL for general housework. 863 Hayes.
WANTED — First-class coat finisher; good
wages. 520 Kearny St., room 1, first floor.
WANTED— FIrst-class waistmakers. 126 Kearny
st, room 46. . -
WANTED — First-class operator on custom
pants. 724% Market st, room 27.
AT 62 Second — Nicely furnished single and dou-
■ ble light housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 week.
IRONERS at the St. Nicholas Laundry wanted.
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
REFINED girl to mind baby. 1761 Ellis st,
up3tairs. - - . -
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or. week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts ■ and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. SR>4 ~re— iom »t.
HELP XV ANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Tlmberman ; for mine, $2 75 day; 3
quartz miners, $2 50 day; 5 blacksmiths, $3
day and $60 month, and $35 and $40 and board;
2 rough carpenters, $2 day; 2 stablemen, $20
and $30 - and found ; carriage painter. $40 and
board; 2 timber fellers, $40 ahd board; 2
choppers, $30 and board; milkers, $25, $26 and
$30 and found. J. C. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler, $35 and found; 2 boys for
store. $3 per week! and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st v
WANTED— Five 4-horse scraper teamsters, $2
day. fare paid; 5 laborers for mine, $2 day; 20
laborers near city, $2 day; 50 railroad labor-
ers and tunnelmen, $1 75, $2 20 and $2 75 day;
6 woodchoppers, 75c to $1 35 cord, tools and
provisions furnished, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country hotel, $65;
; baker, $8 week and found; night cook $9
week; night waiter, $9 week; French cook, $50;
kitchen men and dishwashers: Japanese cook
for resort; $25, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. / U
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
■ Want Monday, 7 a. m. — —
■■ 6 stable men. different Jobs, $30 and $25 and
found; farmer and wife $30 and found
carpenter for a ranch, steady Job ' '
Cement finisher ■ : __« a _ ay
Gardener, Santa Cruz County ___=;'
MURRAY & READY, 634 and ; 636 Clay st
LAUNDRYMAN $25 and found; assistant
I ,l d i yrnan> **° and found, country hotel
MURRAY & READY.' 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER, country shop- — — «5->.
REA O D^, b , erB; tnird nands - MURRAY &
READ*, 634 and 636 Clay »t.
C^ X WAITERS DISHWASHERS.
?. XK M ok8 _ — * 45 and $40 and found;
14 boarding-house cooks, $25 i, and $30 and
found; 5 second : cooks, different -wages- 7
cooks for ranches — | — -
■ ?o^'L ers ~_ '■ ' " — $25;; $20 and found j
12 dishwashers. $25, : $20. ' $15 and found; boy
for store, $8 and found; boy for bakery. $>
a d Cla Un st MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
— — —— — IN SAN FRANCISCO— ■
as laborers and two-horse teamsters, $2S and
found and $1 75 day; board home. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
7— — — - SAWMILL HELP — -
26 laborers for yard, no experience required,
, $*6 per month and found- : ■ — ■ —
10 laborers. for road work in woods, $26 and
found; 2 spool tenders for wood $30 and fd;
2 donkey men for woods $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
TWO setters, ■ Steams ' blocks, sawmill, $52 and
found; 189 tie makers. Be, 9c, 10c, 12c each ;
1 143 woodchoppers, $2. $1 50 and $1 cord. MUR-
■-.RAY-& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN ' CALIFORNIA.
286 teamsters, • $2 and $1 75 day; 432 laborers,
$2 and $1 75 day. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. - ■ \> ; : '■-* ,'"• .-.
TWO : drillers, . diamond drills. : $3 day, for a
mine; machinist, country shop. MURRAY &
READY. 634 ., and 636 Clay ;st ■■ ) -■.-■•
BUTCHER for a wagon shop, fare $1, $30 and
found. : MURRAY & - READY, 634 and 636
: : Clay at. ■;.-.■..-;•..--.- ; •---•■.-■'.-: -. .■ "
$1 25 * DAY and found — —16 haymakers.
MURRAY & READY.: 634 and 636 Clay St. .-.-.
96 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands, $26,
' - $25, » $2O and found : 5 choremen and boys ■ for
■> ranches, $20, • $15, $10 and found. . MURRAY
& : READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. . '
20 MILKERS and butter makers, $30, $25 and
found; 6 choremen and boy, $8, $10, $15 and
found, r for dairies. MURRAY & READY, -
-634 and 636 Clay st.  ... ;.:"■■ . ,•■,.*--. ?. , ■ :< :
FREE coast Railroad Fare.
"60 two ■ and '■ four-horse ; teamsters, '$2 day.
50 ' laborers- — — — — $2 a day. '
Office fee only $1
' For the mines, $2 day. MURRAY & READY,
.y 634 and 636 Clay st. : - - ■-. ■■;. ■■r-.-* ■;■
14 * BLACKSMITHS .and horseshoers, $90 and
■ . $80 per • month. MURRAY St . BEADY. 634
and 636 Clay at : ..
HELP WANTED— Continued.
CR HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
. .'.. MO RAILROAD MEN WANTED.-.. ....
FREE FARE. .FREE FARE.. FREE FARK
teamsters, coast road, 2 and 4 horse.s2 a day V.
laborers, coast r0ad........5l 75 to $2 a day \
tunnelmen, for the head.. s2 25 to $2 50 a day P
6 concrete and cement mixers. ...... .$2 a day
wheelbarrow men, free fare.... ...At a day
........All for the new. coast railroad
Ship every day........... Office open 7 a.m.
. ...COME WITH BLANKETS TO START...
.............:.... Office fee $1 ••
C. R. HANSKN & C0......i"< GEARV ST.
2 CARPENTERS, country hotel. *35 ana found;
2 carpenters, country. $3 a day; blacksmith,
$3 a day: blacksmith, country shop, $45 and
■ found ; separator man. $30 and found ; ma-
chinist. $2 50 a day; vineyard hands. $25 and
found: 15 farmers, fare" 50c, $1 a day and
. found: . lumber pliers. $26 and found; 4 la-
borers for the woods. $30 and /ound; farm-
hands, $1 25 a day and board. 6 ranch team-
sters, $26 and board; choreman, $25, 2 ranch
blacksmiths, $30 and found; blacksmith, coun-
try shop, $2 50 a day, steady work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary street r f
FRENCH chef, summer resort, $125; second
cook, $45; nl.ht cook. $50; third cook. $50;
short-order cook, $7 .a . week: waiter for a
mine. $25. plain hotel. $25: cook's helper for a
ranch, $20: lunch waiter. $30; porter boy, $20;
polisher, $35 and found; starcher, $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
F SE NCH chef for a first-class country hotel.
$126. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED ; .'
Coachman for nice" place' near "city, '$35* and
found; 2 carmen for mine, $45; 2 laborers for
same mine. $175 per day
6 milkers, near city, free fare, $25 and $30:
16 farmers and haymakers for good Jobs,
near city, free fare. $25 and $26; blacksmith
helper on ranch, steady Job. $30 and board..
60 men to pile lumber for mill, 15c an hour:
laborers and teamsters for city, $1 per day
and board; waiter for restaurant near city,
$30 and found: 2 more miners, $3 per day:
cooks for ranches, etc.: waiters and others;
milker, free fare, $30; 10 laborers about coal
mine, near city, $2 per day; man handy with
tools, etc., about institution, $30 and found;
, 20 men for the woods. $26 and $30 and $40. W. \
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St. jfT
BOY to assist In dining room; $S per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG second butler: $30 per month: easy
place; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK and general housework in a small fam-
ily; reference wanted. Apply bet. 10 and 3,
1842 Sutter St.; German or Swede preferred.
COAT pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
I ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st. "... -
BOY wanted; must speak German. Call at
room 3, 235 Kearny st. .
BRIGHT young man as salesman In tailoring
establishment; reference. Call 635 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; steady
work, good wages. 528 Jessie st.
GOOD bootblack wanted at 736 Market st.
BOOTBLACK for barbershop and to clean bath
rooms. 120 Geary st. '■- ■
COOK, elderly main. 322 Main st.
WANTED— FIrst-class bushelman. 106 Battery
street. -
WANTED— tailor for busheling. 625
Commercial st. . . . _^
GOOD young dishwasher at 1390 Turk St.; call
early. ... • - • ■ '.- . -
STEAM laundry— Wanted good ironer and pol-
isher; good wages. P. O. box 536, Watson-
ville, -, . '■
FIRST-CLASS coat makers to work Inside.
Apply to S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
HARNESS makers at MAIN _ WINCHES-
TER'S. 214 Battery st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied, 5
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35 £
years, who are citizens of the United States. ~
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch In height. ■ For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal. o .
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
agent; $100 month and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE SAVINGS AND
INVESTMENT CO., LTD., Chicago.
WANTED— A man who understands nursery
work and florist. Call r <r Halght st
SALESMAN — Competent salesman, with good
references, who has had experience soliciting
retail grocery trade; state experience, age. ■
references and salary expected. Box 735, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College. 635 Clay st. .
YOUNG German cook wanted. L. LEVY,
northeast corner Battery and Jackson sts.
PRESSMAN on pants. 83 Third ■. st, upstairs.
WANTED— Steady man. $15 a week; permanent
place: light business; must have small capi-
tal. Western Co.. 9 Geary st.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission.
WANTED— Reliable I young German to drivo
bakery wagon; only one who has experience
and good recommendations need apply. 11l
Larkin st. ■ ' -
WANTED— Good . allround laundryman (for
hand laundry); wages $40 and found. ■ Ad-
dress P. O. box 188, Oakdale. Cal.
TO — Bushelman wanted. Apply CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED— men to occupy rooms; 10c per I
night 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery. /
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.
bet Ist and ?d sts.: open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes -soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 662 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
__ ;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal .mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th«
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell and Buekman, between Sonora and Sum-
merville. Tuolumne Co. : take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: far»
$1. Oakdale to Sonora. will be refunded If
men work one month. Apply at room 4, 302
Montgomery st. ':■:".-!
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
| duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
BOY to do janitor work for his tuition at 8. F.
Barber College. 13S' 2 Eighth st'
250 MEN wanted to room -New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single,
10c. 15c night: 60c. 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 116*,
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma»
nila Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship,
ping Agent. 604-506 Davis st. ■ ..-
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know v
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still k v
runs Denver House. 217 Third . St. ; 150 large
"rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
CHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading- room; free -
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i HOBSON House, 417 Kearny — Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 . to $3 per week
SINGLE rooms, 100. 200. 2.'0 per night; 75c. $1
, to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
. clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth.
for a room:' 250 a night: SI a week.
AGENTS'. WANTED.. •'
AGENTS— entirely new. "best propo- ■
sltlon ever offered on coast. ' 24 Sixth st, r. 1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$5000 REQUIRED to enlarge profitable commis-
sion business. .P. :C. M. A.; box 231. Call.
PARTNER wanted for business in country ana
city: good proposition: $200 to $300. Address J.
box 109. San Mateo. Cal. ■ '■■-.
MISCELLANEOUS. N
IF you have lots that you -wish to sell north
of the ; Park, from First _ye. ■ to the ocean
then call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st!
MARINE steam engine and boiler: 1 to 3 horse-
power. Address H., 1629 San Bruno road.
LOST. ~~~
LOST— On Sutter or Kearny sts., near junction
platlna clasp set with 24 diamonds. Liberal
* reward at 136 Sutter st. .^oerai
LOST— Horseshoe diamond locket between <?ar, j
Francisco and Emeryville. Return to Emery A.
postofflce and receive its .cash value
$10 REWARD-Vlcinity of Third and Mission"
< Friday morning. May 5, 8-cornered locket cou'
■ taming old -lady's- picture, and lock of rr»v
.; hair. , Return to 211 Minna at. " gay
LOST-Black and white cow.'-:,- Reward _*' _£
P Twenty-ninth »t. corner of. No«u m 'BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1600: corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
one- half block from Wleland"s Brewery; dally
receipts about $26; cash trade only; a rare j
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. yO6 Market st.
A -5700; corner saloon with 3 entrances; estab- I
lished 30 years; doing a rushing business;
large stock: very best location, about one
block from The Call. R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
Jtet st.
A— slsoo: restaurant with 9 furnished rooms In
Contra Costa County; 60 steady boarders be-
sides large transient custom; meals - ■ '■: rent
$45; clearing: above $173 per month. Call R
G. WILKE, 90i Market st.
A COAL, and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; 3 horses, ! wagons; office, coal sheds
lam, Including lot 25x137; very best location'
rarest chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE*
906 Market st. 1
A=4J2OO;- OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
saloon. including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery; rent $34; lease; kept by own-
rrs years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. m
Market st.
A— sl2so: SALOON, doing a. splendid paying
buelnesi: established for years; close to Mar-
ket and Fifth ata; a good bargain; Investigate
at once; no better location in the city r
G. WILKE. r«O6 Market st.
S2OO-COKN KR saloon; rent $35; California and
Mnrkt-t sis. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; bargain; cause of sale
old age. COWING & CO.. 995 Market it.
BUTCHER shop: bargain this day: Investigate
:-.; ,:-•■■ COWING & CO.. MS Market st
CANDY store. $75; complete; groat bargain this
igday: COWING & CO.. 99S Market st. ■
SiVni-i,Ai;xnRY near the city; this is a good
raying business and must be sold on account
of departure for Europe. MCLAUGHLIN A
1 > '.. n7 Market st.
j:."(j— HOME bakery and. lunch room; make
offer. HF.ALY &HI MEL. 917 Market st.
$100— RENT $10; restaurant, nice place for man
and wife; make a good living; 2 living rooms.
JONES. 565 Market st.
$10"C— 22-ROOM hotel, with about 30 steady
boarders; saloons in any locality; we have
thpni. German-American. 34 Kearny at.
WANTED— Man with mechanical Ideas to in-
troduce new machine and sell stock for com-
pany. Box 239, Call office.
RESTAURANT will be sold at a bargain If
taken to-day. Apply at 651 Sacramento st.
$50— Elegantly furnished tuning parlor; this Is
a rare opportunity. Apply 527 Mission st.
XX SALOON and restaurant, doing good pay-
ing saloon business even in these hard times;
best side Market st. ; this is not a case of
have to sell, It Is a case of will sell at a
reasonable price, from $3i>oo up, according to
appointments and stock required by pur-
chaser; principals only. Address box 253, Call.
WILL give a fourth interest in developed mine
with $10,000,000 in sight for SIO.OdO or smaller
amounts proportionately; stock will pay 20 per
cent monthly dividends; original investment
returned in few months; personal interview
at our office. Box 214, Call.
CAPITALISTS wanted to take an interest in a
rich California gravel mine (drift). 140 miles
from city. Those • .-mine business can ad-
dress, with reference, M. G.. room 11. 632
Market st.
ANY kill 1 of property or business bought or
pold: fair dealing assured; see our saloon, $75;
lodging house. $S00; cigar store. $500. Room
209, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
$200— WANTED; working partners; Lower Cali-
fornia enterprise after abalone shells and
curios. For particulars address for two weeks
G. D. C. box 240, Monterey, Cal.
WELL-FITTED up saloon and restaurant; long
established; good business; owner retiring;
lease of house and ground 1£ desired. Apply
Call office.
HOTEL for rent; modern improvements; new
3-story brick; central location In city of
Stockton. Address S., box 7422. Call office.
FOR sale — Bargain; stationery, news agency,
cigars and school supplies; cheap rent; make
offer; no agents. Apply 1600 Polk st.
SALOON in country town, well located, with
Ftock and good fixtures, for sale very cheap;
must be sold before the 16th. Box 359, Call.
GENERAL blacksmith shop for sale; good
reasons fcr selling. Thirty-eighth and San
Pablo ayes.i Oakland.
STORE— Costro and Twenty-second sts. ; new
building; fixtures for groceries and saloon.
Key 1254 Mission st.
LADIES' tailoring establishment, well estab-
lished; compulsory sale due to sickness. Box
21?, Call office.
GROCERY and bar. well established, first-
class outfit. Inquire OWEN KENNY, 1601
Devisadero st. ,
SHOE store and repairing shop for sale, on ac-
count of sickness. 4102 Nineteenth at., near.
BLACKSMITH shop to let or sale; Mission
road, near 7-Mile House. Inquire Greyhound
SEE BAPTLE. S73H Market St., to buy or sell
your business; lodging houses a specialty.
FOR sale at a bargain, delicacy store; receipts
$11 to $15 per day. Box 328, Call office.
$300— FOR sale; good paying saloon. Inquire at
Call office.
PARTNER with small capital in good paying
business. Box 12, Yountville. Cal.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire ZIEGLER BROS., 527 Montgomery.
LOAN office; Jr. years established; no time to
attend to It. Particulars at 231 Third st.
RARE chance; a No. 1 saloon, centrally lo-
cated, for sale cheap. Inquire at Call office.
SALOON with 4 rooms cheap; low rent; on ac-
count dissolving partnership. 833 Howard st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, Rent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
LODGING HOUSES i or sale.
14 Rl N lid HOUSE. N. sN'T PURNI-
TURE, NEAR GEARY AND POWELL,
COST MOOO. PRICE 11800; WHAT WILL
YOU PAY?
13 -room house on Howard st $600
22-rx>m; new: cost $4500 WOO
24 moms on Geary st 025
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 ronrrs on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 4 io
18 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
M-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market ot., opp. sth.
10-ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call
office: $450. DECKER, y>2o Market at.
A— KREDO & CO 22Vi GEARY.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
64 rooms; best corner Fourth st $2400
S8 rooms; Market St.; best In city 1200
35 rooms; Post st.; all new carpets 1400
24 rooms; Geary st . near Plaza SfiO
20 rooms; best block Eddy st.: a snap — SOO
16 rooms; Post st.: always full 77.'
10 rooms: O'Farrell St.; clears $50 300
6 rooms; 3 rooms pay rent 200
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
A— s6oo- 46 ROOMS; prominent business corner;
cheap rent; worth $2000; th« chance of a life-
time; this week only. KREDO & CO.. 22*
Geary st. .
i ROOMS...'. $125115 rooms $200
7 rooms 200,28 room? 550
7 rooms . 225118 rooms 750
50 others clearing $50 to ?2m); money loaned.
National Agency, 7S3VJ Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st '
26 rooms; rent $41; corner IJM
22 rooms: $.V>o cash; payments : !M>
40 room?; rent $100; $1000 cash 2000
>2 rooms; rent $175; downtown...; «-fa»o
WANTED— Tenants for 7. 9, I "'. 12 and 18-room
• houses at SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 14 rooms; centrally lo-
cated: must be sold. Box 7?2. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat for sale; bargain.
1617 Devlnadero st.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms and kitchen for rent
or Bale. 163 New Montgomery st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also • wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'R sals yard. 1732 Market st.
1 SPAN of fine black driving horses; 1 span of
large draught horses. 426 Valencia st.
FOR SALE— Very fast team; bays; well match-
ed. Box 363. Call office.
FOR sale — 40 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car Ftableg. 1301 Turk ft.
WAGONS AM» CARRIAGES^
ICO SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer. White cheap.
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. -»n»ed; re-
sainx at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. . .
_^j^ PERSONALS.
i.r.i'KiiKH is a Y tbe head of his profession;
mlrdresslnp only 85c; largest hair rolls. $10c;
J&efjiS st'ckt,^ £ eat saie ° f wibs at haU
LEDERER'S Quintonica ts beneficial used daily'
as a hair wash, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foama
bnampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
LINCOLN BROS, i
Sell picnic hams, 7c lb.; good flour, 75c sk.;
cornmeal, 20c sk. ; hams, 10c lb. ; butter, 25c
roll, tomatoes, We doz. ; Jelly, $1 d.. . ; coffee,
i t^xl l^ *%£•. 20 lbs * 1; Prunes, 25 lbs., $1.
k C ™ N BROS., cash grocers, 226 Sixth st.,
above Folsom.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
ro, 0 ?* remedy for Irregular and painful periods
or ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
• ey Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; In red wrappers with crown trade I
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER _ CO., drug-
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.,
druggists. NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., _aw a Specialty.
San Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third fit., near Market; 700 rooms;
toe to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements Drinted, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY. Printer. 511 Sacramento St.;
phone Main 1836.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
et.. near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. St'SAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basket ware. 4SS Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post st., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
WHITEWASHING machine or brush work: 10
per cent saved by sending orders 632 Market
St.. room 11; machine for sale or rent.
COMPLETE line ladies' taiUjr-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, moved from 967
Mission st. to 501 Jessie, corner Sixth.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter st.
Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order, $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. 1814 Market st.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell St.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
- %i a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec-
tion: guarntd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $S; bed lounges
$4 Eft; open pvp's. L. J. XF.TTMANN. 121 Flxth.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
i PLAIN skirts. $1; plain sewing: bindings put
on skirts. 25c. I(K>7 Larkin st.. room 1.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings. $1. 232 Stockton at.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrlst; 11 to 6: 50c;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slats
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; ?sc: sittings. SI. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31." O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME, PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dles. 50c; gents, $1: sit.. $150. 126 Turk st.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier. first
in her profession: never fails. 323 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. ISLAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St., room 6.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to f>6sfe Market st., rooms 8-9.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. US 6th, r. 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON; fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. US Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 403
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
reccue passangers str. Gold, '74. 34 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader, 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma st., between Sixth and Seventh.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netist, 207 Powell et., rooms 5 and 6.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst: parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
________
PALMISTRY.
MME~NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main*. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush st.. between Taylor and .Tones.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as If purchased for nil cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
GOOD piano for practice will be sold at once
for $50 cash. Room 12, Flood building.
UPRIGHTS, $68 up: Installments, 16 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 708.
R. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
IIMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. BCHMJTZ, 16
Ulster St., next Hlbernla Bar.h
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
$55— ELEGANT piano for sale on $5 install-
nients; cost $400. Call 111.' Post st.
CARPET .CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
18 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. M' QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S » Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
■t.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tea. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ay*. : t*l. East lit.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. • office and • residence,
1021 V* Market Bt., between 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 15, 1899.
HOVSKS TO LET.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1010 Lfavenworth ; 940 Sutter; 7 r $40 00
9 r $40 00 2;i2s Fillmore; 6 r.. 25 00
808 Jones; 7 r 35 00 2214 FUlmore; 6 r.. 20 00
1012 Geary; 7 r.... 32 50 j 524 Fell (new) 6 r. 19 00
12L'O Laguna; S r.. 35 001123 Cedar ay. ; 6 r. 15 00
1261 Ellis; 7 r 27 50 431 Fourth ay. ; 6r 15 00
132 Tremont aye.;
7 r 25 00;
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A 5-ROOM house. Just cleaned; reduced from
$20 to $14. 230H Third jit.
A "-ROOM elegant Queen Anne, bath; reduced
$3o to $25. SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market sjL
CEDAR aye.. 117, north of Geary, near Van
Ness — House; 7 rooms and bath^
FINE sunny pleasant house, 7 rooms. In per-
fect condition; 3356 Twenty-first St., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner.
GREENWICH. 902, NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25.
HOUSE of S rooms and bath: large grounds
and stable; entrance on Golden Gate aye.;
rint $1S 50. 2127 Turk Bt.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
LAGUNA, 1717— House of 8 rooms, bath; base-
ment ; yarcL
PERRY, 208— House 4 rooms, yard; rent $7 50
mo.: water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
RENT $25; house of 8 rooms and bath, garden
in front and back, at 3474 Nineteenth Bt.,
near Valencia.
SUNNT house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
7:M Broderick st., near McAllister.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2758. near Hampshire— <s
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16.
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
first and Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den; lawn; flowers; stable: electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms, in per-
tv. t condition: 3358 Twenty-first st.. next to
corner Guerrero; electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. Key at corner.
~FURMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
A RARE chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern residence; S rooms, bath; lovely yards:
close to San Mateo and Mission cars: 30 Val-
ley st., bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth;
rent $30.
5-ROOM upper flat; very sunny; nicely fur-
nished; reasonable; adults: references. Apply
from 1 to 4 at 314 Waller St., near Webster.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW cottage; & rooms and bath.
■ Folsom s^
FOR rent— Cottage house; 2 large sunny rooms,
with >?ood yard and basement. Apply at 6:!2
Minna st.
LEAVENWORTH, 1624, corner Broadway— Cot-
tage, 3 rooms and laundry; large yard; $10;
water free.
STKINER, 509— Fine cottage; large yard;
healthy location; fine view; cheap rent.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement;
large yard: flat, 6 rooms, bath. 1876 15th st.
FLATS TO LET.
A COZY 5-room and bath; lovely yard; only $12,
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market St.
A— slo; SUNNY corner upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath. 114 San Jose aye.
ADELAIDE pi., 8, off Taylor, near Post— Flat
4 nlca sunny rooms, $13; good order.
I CLAYTON. 872-874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats: 4 and 5 rooms; bath: cheap.^
j FIVE rooms, bath; new; $16. 2121 Point Lobos
aye., near Tenth ave^
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
liet you g*t from BALDWIN k HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 2 flats for sale cheap; to be removed.
Apply 226 Austin st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; gas,
bath; modern Improvements; rent $16.
MINNA .'2l. in rear. bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, near 6th.
MODERN lower flat. 3316 Sacramento st.: 6
rooms and bath; must be rented. MADISON
& BURKE.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath; cheap
rent. 1805 Eddy St., near ScotiL
NICE flats of 3 rooms each, ground floor. $7
and $S. 10, 19 and 21 Scott place, Pacific and
Mason sts.
i NINTH, 243— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
SUNNY upper flat, 3 rooms and bath, com-
pletely turnished, $22 DO; lower furnished flat,
$17. 2110 Bak.T st.
TO sell your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL, 917 Market st
TO rent— 2 modern new flats: 6 and 7 rooms.
SE. corner of Lyon st. and Golden Gate aye.
UPPER fli»t, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Fillmore.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms, bath. SH Lewi3 st., off
Taylor, between Post and Sutter.
j $12— CORNER flat, 6 rooms and bath. Apply
grocery, cor. 24th and Florida sts.
1 $12— LOWER flat 3 large sunny rooms; marble
mantle, bath, yard and cellar; 78 Elliot Park.
(■ff Stelner St., near Geary. Apply 1911 Geary.
$16 TO good tenant; flat, 6 rooms, bath, yard.
1227 Fell st., close to Panhandle.
| $20— NEW modern sunny bay-window flat. 5
rooms and bath. 927 Golden Gate aye.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 207— Large double front room; good
■■: complete; also double front bedroom.
FIFTH, 322 — Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8, or 2 $10.
FIFTH. 348— A suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 3.".3— Clean furnished housekeeping, 3
connecting rooms, $13; also single, $5 up.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayes— Adjoining fur-
nished rooms for light hsekpg. from $8 to $12.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms, nice yard, waier, $10.
GEARY, 1917 $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal ; every convenience.
GEARY, 1812\4— 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; all modern improvements; no chil-
dren; fig, ■_
GOLDEN GATE aye., 219 -Changed hands; 2 or
3 rooms for housekpg; gas stove; bath; $10 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
I gas stove; use of telephone.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25, 75c night: $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD ■ iiird Nicely furnished
llngte, double and hkp. rms.; reas.; transient.
HOWARD, 806%, near Fourth— Sunny furnibhed
mi for housekeeping.
HOWARD, WW— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences; $1 25 per w*>ok up
HOWARD, U3BA— Sunny front suit» complete
fur houfpkpg. ; $3 per week; American family.
LEAVENWORTH, 811—2 sunny rooms, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; couple,
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; very cheap.
MINNA, 342 — 2 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: sunny.
MINNA, 346—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MINT aye., 26— Middle or lower flat, 4 and 3
rooms. Inquire premises.
MISSION 821— Sunny front suite, $3: large room
complete for housekeeping, $2 week.
MISSION, 1139— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; also others; cheap.
MISSION. 1241—2 furnished rooms; lower floor;
••: yard; reasonable.
NINTH 72— Two Bunny furnished rooms for
h. usekeeping; also single room; private fam-
ily; bath.
OAK, 31—3 large sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; newly renovated.
OAK, 38— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2 to
4 to suit; cheap for email families; nice and
Bunny.
PERRY, 166 — Nice sunny bay-window front
room; 'use of kitchen; very convenient.
l'l >WELL, 903—2 Bunny housekeeping rooms;
front; alcove; bath; $12.
SIXTH. 216 V4 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms and single; reas.; sunny; pleAsant.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
TEHAMA. 424. bet. sth and 6th— Prettily fur-
nished suites for light hkpg; sink and yard.
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— 3 sunny rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping. 111.
THIRD, 340 — Large front alcove room for
housekeeping, $2; also 2 others, $1 50.
TURK. 3Ss— Very large front alcove room, un-
furnished, suitable for housekeeping.
■ TURK. 121 V —2 or 3 runny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms suitable for light housekeeping.
TWKNTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— 2 large
furnished front connecting housekeeping
rooms, $10; also single.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
HOISEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE cor-
ner: reasonable to responsible parties.
VAN NESS aye.. 520— Sunny front suites and
single rooms, with kitchen; reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET.
A^-SUTTER. 715, S3l— Furnished, unfurnished;
very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen;
investigate.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable^
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MIS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St.. "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up-
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY 3 corner Powell— Furnished front tunny
rooms, bay window, $2 to $3 50 week.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite of rooms, newly fur-
nished; board of needed^
ELLIS, 52S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
back and front; bath.
ELGIN PARK. 36, above Valencia— 2 sunny
roome; running water; hall; garden.
FOLSOM. 776H— Nicely furnished room. $4.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny parlor; piano,
phone; suites; other rooms light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 303. near Hyde— Nicely
furnished sunny room, with gas and bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
GRANT aye., 309 — Bay-window 6Ulte or single
rooms; transient.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 761V4— Nicely furnished bay-window
and other double and single rms.; reasonable.
HYDE. 111S— Nicely furnished rooms In re-
spectable family, with or without board.
IF you want a room see our fully described
list; savea time and trouble. If you want
roomers register here. MATHESON'S Agency,
room 309, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
LARKIN, 1200— Sunny corner room suitable for
two, $7; single $4.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient^
OAK, 3Ss— Front room, nicely furnished; gas
and bath; private family; rent low.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Gear}-— Sunny bay-
window, $8; with kitchen, gas stove, $12.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny rurnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 748—4 sunny connecting rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; very reasonable.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; roam per night. 33c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121— Sunny furnished front room;
large closet; bath; $3 50 a month.
STEVENSON. 403. corner of Fifth— Large front
room, suitable for 2; rent cheap :
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable fur-
nished rooms, single and en suite: also hkpg.
TEHAMA, 473, nr. Sixth— Single sunny room;
private family; $6 month.
TURK. 543— Clean, quiet single room, with
bath, $1 per week: private family.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 334 D, corner of Bartlett—
Sunny front rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
VAN NESS aye.. 904 — Elegantly furnished suite
i and single room; also unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; sun all day; reasonable.
$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bath; private. 322 Fifth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
A^HOME^com forts for gentleman or lady in
respectable family; no objection to aged per-
son or Invalid; German preferred. 3550 Nine-
teenth street, near Valencia.
ROOM and board for gentleman with 1 or 2
children: gor.d German cooking; a good home.
30", Jessie Bt.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
CALIFORNIA. 807. "The Blngham"— California
and Powell-gt. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
ELLIS, 518— Front alcove room with board;
$40.
HYDE. 1344— Rooms, with board, or light house-
keeping: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant nunny rooms; gool
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL, 824— Front Bunny rooms and
suites, with board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo: s; excellent board.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
SELECT Market-st. suite; connecting bath;
board optional. Hotel Las Palmas, 1820 Mkt.
6UTTER. 1128— lively home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 622 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CIIII.DHi:'. HOARDED.
WANTED— LittIe girl to board, from fi to 10
years old, by Protestant lady; will have good
home and discipline; rates reasonable. Ad-
dress 450 Minor aye., San Jose, Cal.
LADY would like child to board. Apply 2618
Bush st.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lpxtngton aye.. near Nineteenth St.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and reatau-
rant 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte: tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. I"3K Market st. : popular prlcp
STORES TO LET.
FINE small store, $500. 81 Zoe St., near Third
and Bryant
BTORE- Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.; 3
r.M.mp; cement cellar; suitable fur Imk.-ry.
BTORE and 2 rooms, suitable for barber or
slvemaker. 16HT. Mission st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Zd-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1W Fremont «t.
A I'.KAUTIFUL diamond and ruby scarfpin for
1126; former price f250. UNCLE HARRIS, 1G
Grant aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlflce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-1023 Mission Bt..
above Sixth.
A AN OVERSTOCK
St. Germain Billiard Co., 4W Market st.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; installmls.
FOR sale— 2 fresh milch cows, one Durham and
one Jerspy, with calf and customers if de-
sired. 1207 Powhattan St., Bernal Heights,
near San Bruno road.
FOR sale cheap — Furniture, carpets, looking
glass and divans; every afternoon. 20*37 Fill-
more st.
S Ei 'OX I )- HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. KM Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
FOR sale — Wagon, business, 2-seat. and har-
ness; cheap. 128 Twenty-ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS billiard table in best of order.
625 Pacific st.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
screw cutting lathe. 64S Mission st
LAUNDRY plant, complete: boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission Ft.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Misslcn st.
BAFE6— AII sixes, new and second hand. TUB
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. 185; attachment (only), $15r^»lif
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
■lzes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop! 7
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
DENTISTS. v
DR. T. S. HIUGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bide.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
• crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty: flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
• have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
* $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $3: teeth wltout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 60c up; crowns.
J3 up: open ev'gs. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1"41 Polk st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market St.. S. F. ; eramlna-
tlon free: open evenings.
MEDIC
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
] ers helped instantly and can return home the
1 came day; no instruments used; cure at office.
$6; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all car. save time and expense by oon-
Eulting the doctor, free, before going else-
, where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5: no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1302 Market, bet. 7th-£th; tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, in order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pa»-
rons on her return In August.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long Etanding: travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practice 37 >eara,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearney St.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men ana women;
to years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home, I
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. Jl; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped ln-
ttantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason *u4 Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR G W. O' DONNE LL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donaell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market St. _
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention, terms mod-
erate: regular physician in 'tendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties beins used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. i
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $150. Send 2o stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 K'st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 30;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or r>oney back;Ss up.
I DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
rates of the human body. V' Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil . .id mining; as-
Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL and practice, cor
(traction, mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
fhorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
egt. ISM. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 672 Parrott building.
SATISFACTION guaranteed or money refund-
ed at Ayres' Business College. 723 Market st.
SPA^' T< nt taught at 1316 Broderlck st. : thor-
-0U141.1 . guaranteed; send postal for terms.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN BUDDY, 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write..
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor, Stocktn.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evening! from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing,
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1599, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published, in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
. Therefore, all persons having any interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1899, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition. _■ .
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY RI3A I. KSTATB.
BARGAIN: offer wanted: almost new cottage.
4 large rooms and basement; street complete;
$100 cash, $10 monthly; best part of Mission;
• If you don't secure this you should be without
a home.. P. a. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery St.,
room 7.
$5000 EACH— Worth $7000; for sale. 2 elegant
dwellings on Ashbury Heights, just com-
pleted, each containing 14 finished rooms and
bath, with attic and basement: finest marine
and park view; lots 25x100; take Haight-st.
or any park electric cars to Masonic aye., 1
block south of Frederick st. Particulars at
premises.
FOR sale— Cheap, a cottage containing 4 rooms
and bath, with modern Improvements; lot
22:6 in front by 100 feet in depth; street
graded and sewered; situated PO9 Sanchez Bt..
near Twenty-second. Apply to JOHN LAND-
ERS, 240 Montgomery st.
FOR choice Investments in business, rental or
residence property write or call at Pacific
Coast Exchange. 1007^4 Market St., nr. Sixth.
$1800— HOUSE 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
Call between 7 and 12 a. m., 429 Douglass st.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.; $1900-$2400: 4-5 rm. cottages;
*4 block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$1000, WORTH House, 3 rooms and base-
ment; newly painted; chicken house, barn;
well of water; lot 60x125 feet; southeast cor-
Washington and Clara sts., Colma, San Ma-
teo Co. CHAS. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
FOR sale or exchange In Sonoma City, 10 acres;
2\b acres in fruit; % acre small fruit; chicken
houses for 250 chickens; house of 6 rooms;
mill and tank; good barn; running water
through the place year round. Owner, 2320
FUlmore st.
FOR sale, — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake, Van-
couver Island; unexcelled ealmon and trout
fishing and hunting: owner leaving country-
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and la.rgt>
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7600
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE
COTATI CO.. 802 California .it.. 3. F.
$1000— ORCHARD. 15 miles south of San Jose;
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 rooms:
barns, etc.; good well of water; 6 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
RANCH of 15 acres; within 2 miles of Feta-
luma; in orchard and garden land. Address
J. C. WISEMAN, box 174, Petaluma.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County: 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; 11
acres in wheat. Address box 803. Call.
IN Santa Cruz— For sale, furniture of a 7-room
cottage, $150. Apply 11 Maple st.
$. . TO (30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and : lock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM * CO.. 20 Montgom-ry st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange Your property or business go to
the Pacific Coast Exchange, 1007 1 -. Market.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew.
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone M.aln 1644.
l ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mort.gr.. chattels,
undiv'd lnt'ts, etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Ex-
aminer building.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTAGE-
FURNISHED cottage of 6 rooms: to adults
only; references. Apply at 758 Eleventh St.,
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE POR SAL.B.
AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMETJA REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— To exchange, a desirable lot in
Alameda for one in San Francisco north of
Market st. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park et.,
Alameda.
$1000— LOT 50x150, with small cottage; on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150. with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— L.it 40x207. with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms. and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month: great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NICE sunny furnished room to one or two gen-
tlemen, 2 blocks from Grand st. depot. 1606
Pacific aye.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FU^KE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
Ten minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alarr.eda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
MONEY to loan for building artistic homes In
Scenic Park, Berkeley: directly adjoining uni-
versity grounds; view unsurpassed; all
agents in Berkeley have my property for sale
except where loan is required. Apply In per-
son or by letter to F. M. WILSON. Berkeley.
ELMIIURST REAL ESTATE.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 6 I
living rooms adjoining; large barn, shed and j
chicken house and yard.
A large lot. well improved, situated on the
Oakland and Haywards electric road; will
sell at a great bargain: everything In fine
condition: see it and make us an offer. PIT-
TOCK. Real Estate, opp. power house, Elm-
hurst. ■ •--:-■- 1"
• BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be j
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. * .
BOYLE— In Alameda. May 14. 1599, to the wife
of J. H. Boyle, a daughter.
HEYDENFELDT— In this city, May 14, 1899,
to the wife of Thomas O. Heydenfeldt, a son.
RABINOWITZ— In this city. May 11, 1899, to
the wife of J. Rabinowltz, a son.
WIENER— In this city. May 4, 1599, to the
wife of Max Weiner. a son.
_____
"died!"
Antipas. Nicklas Ehrlchs, Helene
Aceves. Alexander Flatley. William
Armer, Thomas Hartman, Joseph
Buchanan. Julia Jackson. Mary G.
Brarens. Henry Markham, John J.
Brennan. Hazel T. Newbold, Emily F.
Carroll. Hildegard Prowse, Godfrey E.
' Courtlan, Eugene L. Phillips, Nathan F.
Conran, Thomas Podesta, Lizzie
Coin. Cecile Pierce. Fred A.
Carter, Rebecca T. Regan. William I.
Cassldy, John Rottanzl, Giosue
Denke, Mrs. Marga- Sorensen, Soren
retha. Vincent, James B.
Delano, Charles M. Winters. Emmett T.
ANTIPAS— In this city. May 13, 1599. Nicklas,
beloved son of Vasillus and Annie Antipas,
and brother of John, Callopy and Gerassimo
Antipas, a native of Greece, aged 13 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, and thence
to Russian Cathedral, on Powell street, near
Filbert, where funeral services will be held
at 10 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
ACEVES— In the City and County Hospital,
May 14, 1899, Alexander Aceves, a native of
Mexico, aged 45 years. > j
ARMER— this city, May 13. UK, Thomas,
husband of Mary Armer and brother of Bis-
ter Dolores of the Holy Family, a native of
Australasia, aged 48 years 7 months and 10
days.
ICThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock from St. Mary's Ca-
thedral. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BUCHANAN— In this city. May 13. 1899, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of James E. Buchanan
Jr.. sister of Hannah. Maggie. Patrick and
Timothy O'Leary. daughter-in-law of James
and Johanna Buchanan, and sister-in-law of
William and Joseph Buchanan and Mrs. vv .
. J. Stafford, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 23 years 8 months and 5 days.
[Try Friends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 21S Ninth street, between Howard and
Folsom, thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BRARENS— this city. May 14. 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of Anna Brarens, father of
Hattie, Harry. Ella. Mabel and Arthur Bra-
rens. and brother of Peter and Fred Brarens
and Mrs. C Slefert. a native of Island Fohr,
Schleswig-HoUtein. Germany, aged 3S years
8 months and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 120 norland street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, Church and Dolores.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRENNAN-In this city. May 14. 1899, Hazel
Theresa, beloved daughter of Thomas F. ana
Sophie M. Brennan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 11 days.
CARROLL— In this city. May 14, 1899. Hllde-
gard. wife of James Carroll, and sister of
Dr. Park O'Neil and Mrs. F. S. Ingram, a
native of San Francisco, aged 37 year* 5
months and 14 days.
COURTIAN— 14 >9. Eugene L.. husband
of Nellie L. Courtlan. a native of St. Paul.
Minn., aged 39 years 2 months and 11 days.
CONRAN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 14. 1899, Thomas Conran, a native of Ire-
land, aged 73 years.
COIN— In Oakland, May 14, 1899, Cecile. beloved
wife of the late Raymond Coin and mother of
Albert R. Coin and Mrs. D. F. O'Connell, a
native of France, aged 55 years 7 months and
24 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1370 Broadway, thence to St. Fran-
cis de Sales' Church, where a solemn requlum
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
CARTER— In this city, May 14, 1899, Rebecca
Tltcomb Carter, a native of Newbun
Mass., aged 56 years and 14 days. (Boston,
Mass., and San Diego, Cal., papers please
copy.)
ICT'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at her late resi-
dence, 116 Turk street, to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
CASSIDY— In this city. May 14, 1899, John, be-
loved husband of Jane Cassldy, and father
of John J., Charles F. and Virginia A. Cas-
sidy. Mrs. G. H. Wiegner and Mrs. M. A.
Greely, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 61
years.
ICTFriendH are respectfully invited to at-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his lat«r resi-
dence, 3104 Point Lobos avenue, thence to
Star of the Sea Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
DENKE— In Alameda. May 13. 1899, Mrs. Mar-
garetha Denke, a native of Germany, aged 5?
years 1 month and 13 days. (Chicago and
Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence, 1727 Webster street. Interment
private.
DELANO— In this city, May 14. 1899. Charles M.
Delano, a native of Vermont, aged 68 years.
(Boston, Mass.. papers please copy.)
(C7"Funeral services at 3 o'clock to-morrow
(Tuesday), at his late residence, 2522 Clay
street. Interment private.
EHRICHS— In this city. May 12. 1599. Helene
Ehrichs, beloved mother of Mrs. H. Tietjen
and Mrs. H. Winkle, a native of Germany,
aged 66 years 4 months and 26 days.
[CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from St. Paul's Luth-
eran Church, corner of Eddy and Gough
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. Remains ran be seen at the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street.
FLATLEY— this city. May 13, 1599. William,
beloved husband of Bridget Flatley. father of
Joseph, Thomas, Mary, Elizabeth and Lpretta
Flatley, and brother of Mary and Ellen Mul-
larkey, a native of Cloonlee, parish of Knock,
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 41 years. (Chi-
c ago and New York papers please copy.)
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 224 Richland avenue, off Mission road,
thence to St. Mary's College Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARTMAN— In this city. May 13, 1899, Joseph,
beloved son of Jacob and the late Pauline
Hartrnan. and brother of Moses, Simon. Max
and Hannah Hartman and Mrs. Ida Glelch-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years and 11 months.
ITJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the family rest-
dence, 517 Gough street. Interment New
Sa!"m Cemetery by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
JACKSON— this city. May 13, 1899. Mary G..
beloved daughter of Catherine and the late
John Jackson, and sister of Mrs. J. F. Rey-
nolds and Arthur J. Jackson, a native of
Trinity County, Cal., aged 28 years and 2
months.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. J. F. Reynolds. 1913 Mar-
ket street, Oakland, thence to Church of St.
Francis de Sales, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MARKHAM— this city. May 14. 1899, John J.
Markham, beloved husband of Frances Mark-
ham, a native of England, aged 66 years.
(Alameda papers please copy.)
. [ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
NEWBOLD— In Alameda, May 12. 1899, Emily
F. Newbold. wife of Albert Newbold. a native
of New Jersey, aged 42 years 2 months and 4
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence,
727 Paru street. Please omit flowers. Inter-
ment private.
PROWSE— In Pleasanton, Alameda County,
Cal., May 14, 1899, Godfrey E., beloved son of
Godfrey and the late Nellie Prowse, a native
of California, aged 17 years 3 months and 22
. days.
PHILLIPS— In this city. May It. 1899, Nathan
Frazier Phillips, a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 58 years.
PODESTA— In this city, May 14. 1899, Lizzie,
beloved wife of L. P. Podesta, beloved
mother of Ethel Louisa Podesta and Mrs.
Llllle Bush, daughter of the late James and
Bridget O'Brien, and sister of the late Wil-
liam O'Brien and the late Mrs. Mary Ben-
nett, a native of Baltimore, Md., aged 36
years. J
PIERCE— In this city. May 14, 1899, Fred Ar-
thur, son of F. C. Pierce, and nephew of the
late Joseph Pierce, a native of San- Francisco,
aged 16 years 7 months and 4 days.
REGAN— In South San Francisco, May 14,
1599, William 1., dearly beloved son of Jere-
miah and Hanorah Regan, and beloved broth-
er of John and Joseph Regan, Mrs. M. Lov-
ett an.l Mrs. J. D. Barry, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 3 months and 15
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1441 Seventh avenue south,
thence to All Hallows' Church. N street, be-
' tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues south.
South San Franicsco. where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. i
ROTTANZI— In this city. May 12, 1899, Giosue,
beloved husband of Mary Rottanzl, and father
of Sofia, Maria. Beatrice and Leo Rottanzi,
a native of Faido, Switzerland, aged 73 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 820 Guerrero street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
■ SWISS RIFLE Members are requested
to attend the funeral of our late member. G.
Rottanzl, this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock
from St. James Church. Twenty-third an<.
Guerrero streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery A. HUGUENIN. Secretary-
SORENSEN— In this city. May 13, 1899, Soren
Sorensen, beloved husband of Petrel Sorensen,
and father of Charles Sorensen. a native of
Randers. Denmark, aged 52 years.
[r3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors ot
H P. Petersen & Co.. 22S McAllister street.
lnt«-:ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VINCENT— In this city. May 14, 1899, Jam**
B beloved husband of the late Annie M.
Vincent, and father of Hazel Vincent, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 38 years and ID
WINTERS— In this city. May 13. 1899. Emmett
T beloved son of Mrs. Emily and the late
Thomas Winters, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years 11 months and 3 days.
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 8:3(
o'clock, from his late residence, 323 Halght
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at !
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EiIBAX_UER3V
•0 Fifth St.. opposlt* Lincoln ScaooU
TtliDhon* South M. .
McAUOY & CO;.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1235 Market st, between Bth and 9th,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUALMERS,
1235 Market sL, between Sth and 9th,
910
OLYMPIANS WIN THE
CYCLERS' RELAY RACE
By the Narrow Margin of a Wheel's Length
They Gain the Coveted Trophy,
Garden City Club Second-Bay Citys, Champions
for Four Successive Years, Finished Third
and the Acmes Last.
THK Olympio Club TVheelmen
achieved a victory yesterday In the
game °i cycle road raring which
aims them champions of the
Si In this particular branch of
Fpnrt. A team of ten men from this club
met and .!■ tnllar teams from the
three stn>- - hereabouts !n
mile relay race of the <"al
iforr:. . ted Cycling < "uhs in the
t 4 hours 46 mm■
■ \
that but a fifth of ;i second separ
ated the < ilympic man from his next
nearest competitor, a Garden City rider.
as th^y flushed over the tape. The
previous record was beaten by four mln
ut.-p.
The relay race is an established func
tion In California cycling, yesterday's
race being the seventh annual affair of
this kind and the first one that the Olym
pics have won. The first in 1M 1 " was a
match event between the Acme and Bay
City Wheelmen and was won by the
Acmes. The next year Thomas H. B.
Varney offered a valuable trophy, to be
won by a dub three times before l
ing its property. The Garden City club
n Jose won it the fin I 14, and
then the Bay Citys by three straight vic
tories In ■ following years won
th-- cup for g l.
To ]..-r; Leavitt &
Bill oi thii ;uit up a beau
tiful ■ ■ .1 the Bay Citys fln
again first in the race and th< i
mortgage on it. By winning yesterday's
event the Olympics now hold an equal
interest and will have possession of the
cup until it is contested for again next
year.
There were but four clubs in yester
day V Ithough tl ■ been
& s ma ■ . . >is races. This
dim:;: ■ . ,j by the
competition, which is bo keen that none
i strong cycle club, with plenty of
money and a long list of riders and avail
able officers, can hope to cope su
fully. It has been estimated that the
- aboul 1300
and the use <>f from fifty to a Tiui
men, su that the small clubs have little
chance.
The relay ran- Is not a complex event.
Each club enters ten men, and they are
oned ten miles apart from here to
md back on the "ther side of
the bay to Alameda, a distance of l'«i
miles. Each man In each team at the
start mall leather pi
usually carried In the hand. H is about
■.-■ of a lady's purse. The men who
ride for the clubs line up at the start.
In hand. They are given the word
• • first ten miies
at top-notch speed. At the end of this
distance the second relay rid<-r for each
club awaits his man. the packet changes
hands on the fly, and th<' second man is
off to deliver it as Boon as he can to the
third man. and so on to the tinish. The
club which flrsl lands Its packet at the
final tape wins th< r
The Olympic club and Bay City Wheel
men ol this city, Acme Club Wheelmen
of Oakland and the Garden City Wheel
men of Han .lose were the four starters
in yesterday's race. The start was at
Crom the corner <>f t.arkin and
McAllister streets, ai tiers were:
L. H. Smith, Olympic: Ralph Robison.
Bay City; < ■ . and Gail
Hardenbrook, i rarden ( 'it-. .
At the word "Go!" Ferris was first
t f > catch tl ■ lot on Larkln street,
then Smith. Hardenbrook and Robison.
Owing to th» danger of slot-riding no
one tri"d •■ leader down I>arkjn
or Ninth streets, and they remaineJ in
Indian file. Turning Into Folsom
Robison fell and broki a pedal and had
to ride with one pedal to Fourteenth
where h( d wheels, and
changed again at Twenty-third, losing
about two minutes altogether. Turning
Into the San Bruno road Ferris fell, and
Smith and Hardenbrook went down with
him and a curious thing resulted. When
Ferris fell he dropped his packet. Har
rook had no packet, and .jumping up
quickly he picked up Ferris, 1 and was off
at top speed again, closely followed by
Smith, and Robison, who was rapidly
gaining the time he had li.s>. was close
upon them. Ferris meanwhile was look
ing all around for his packet, and after
losing nearly three minutes looking for
it he remounted and finished without it,
passing a handkerchief Instead, The fin
ish nf the first relay was as follows:
FIRST RELAY.
RIPER. I Club.
Club.
Time.
■
Actual
Riding
Time.
}
ill Hardenhrook G. C. C
H. Smith O. C. W.
ilph Rohisor..... B. C. W.
orK« Ferris Arm*
9:35:05
9:85:15
I
3n : nr,
3(110
80:15
32:40
previous time over this relay— Harden-
The second relay passed off without In
cident.
\ Y.
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Riding
Time.
"ho«. H. White...
. Lockhart f
V. J. Black I
toy Whltson ....i
O. C. W.|]0:02:22
• : <\ \v U>:« 24
l! <■ w. 10:08:46
| Acme 110:07:07
27:12
27:19
28:30
I 29:27
Best previous time over this relay — Tony Del
map. <;. C. W.. 2G:23, 1898.
Lightning time was made on the third ;
stretch of ten miles, three of the four
competitors riding each mile at a 2:20
gait and better. The Garden City man
again assumed the lead at the finish, and *
passed his packet along one-fifth of a
second to the good of the Olympian.
THIRD RELAY.
RIDER.
Actual
Riding
Time.
S. P. Barnes
»o<->. r. Fuller
van Treadwell
\l Rrndshaw
G. C. W.
O. C. W.
B. C. W.
Acme !
10:25:30 | 23:06
10:25:30 1-5 13:10
10:27:45 | 2*:00
10:34:30 27:23
Host previous time over this relay- H.-n X
an. B. C. W . 17:85, IR9B.
The San Jose club asain led at the o
• of the fourth. Plucky little Arthur Da
■ vidson of the Bay City club made a won
derful ride, and hut for a bad fall, caused
by running over a dog. would have Im
proved the position of his club more than
he did. As It was. including his tumble,
1 he rode the relay faster than it has ever
been ridden before.
FOURTH RELAY.
RIDER.
Cluh.
Time.
Riding
Time.
I^ufß Pmith O. C. W. 110:51:30
H B. Anthony.... i>. C. W 10:51:45
Arthur Davidson. l ß. C. W.|10:53:30
.TiiFti^f> Young : Arm-' 111:01:30
16:00
28: M 4-
Best i»r«-vlous time over this relav — Craft,
; Acme, 16:86, 1896.
The Olympics again pained first pla^e
' at the end of the fifth relay, leading- into
San .Tope hy a mere margin of one-fifth
■ of a serond. and again the record for the
i course was lowered.
FIFTH RELAY.
RIDER.
Time.
j Actual
I Biding
I Time.
YA M^Npps O <"■- W 11:16 | 24:15
A. McDonald [G. C. W. 111:16:00 1-6 24:80
F.r.B'#rkm - n Jr. B. C. W. 11:19:00 15:20
Al ReUly i Acme 111:30:00 28:30
Rest previous time over this relay— Peck, B.
; C. W., »:00, 1899.
Olympic and Garden City finished the
sixth nerk and neck. The Kan Jose rider
had a fall eaflly in the ride, but the Olym
pian kindly "aited for him, not willing
to take an unfair advantage. At this
stage the Bay Oitys were four minutes
behind and the Acmes ten.
SIXTH HELAY.
RIDER.
Club.
Riding
Time.
Eugene Coffin
Qeo. E. Kroetz.... i
B. C. Raynaud
A. H. Agnew j
G. C. W.
'■>. c. W.
B. C. W.
I Acme '
'11:43:25
11:43:25
11 :47:4s
11 :?.7:?.S
27:25
27:25 1-5
28:45
27:30
Pest previous time over this relay— Cook, I.
C. C. 28:15, IBM.
The Bay Citys gained one minute on
the seventh, and the Acmes held their
own with the leaders, though as tail
enders they were then exactly fifteen
minutes behind. The Olympics pained
half a minute over the Garden Citys. No
accidents reported.
SEVENTH RET,AY.
Time.
Actual
KKlinK
Timp.
H. S. Bailey
Ed \Va.«tlp
John F. Kelly ■
.T. E. Sampson j
O. C. W.r
a. c w
B. -' W.
12:10:00
12:16:30
12:20:00
12:31:00
32:30
33:00
32:
33:00
jv.pt previouß time over this relay- IViw, <:.
C. C, 88:11, 1895.
Julius Smith placed the Garden Citys
! in the lead at the end of the eighth, re
gaining what had been lost on the sev
enth. The Bay Citys lost a minute and a
half, while the Acmes gained a little.
EIGHTH RELAY.
T
J. C. Smith !
E. A. Bozio !
F. A. Rusar- !
A I Bannister !
RIDER.
!
Time.
12:47:05
12:47:0.",
12:53 01
l:01:M
Actual
Riding
Ttme.
30:35
31 :05
32:02
30:02
|G. C. W.I
!O. C. W.
!B. C. W.
I Acme |
Btti previous time over this relay— Deacon,
Reliance, !7:H>. IM7.
The best unpaced ride of the entire race
was made by the Bay City man, I. R. I
Lind, on the ninth. He gained two and a
i half minutes on the leaders, landing his I
club just that much behind them at the
end. The Garden Citys finished a fifth :
of a second ahead of the Olympics as the \
start for home began.
NINTH RELAY.
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Tim.-
Tony Delmas )
E 0 Knurness...!
I. R. L,lnd i
H fv-hleuter i
O. C. W.
|O. C. W.
B. C. W.
! Acme
1:23:00 i SE
t:2B.K» 1-3| K:BS 1-5
1:25:80 ' 23:tt
1:34:00 | 33:02
Best prevlouH time over this relay— lTlbrecht,
B. C. W., 29:10, lSfti.
i The nnish was close and exciting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MAT 15. 1899.
"Bunt" Smith, the Bay City man, punc
tured his wheel twice on the route, losing
so much time in the consequent ex
changes that his club was completely out
of It. The finish was therefore left to
E. F. Russ, the Olympic rider, and J. B.
Wing, the Garden City man. They rode
together, exchanging pace, to within
two blocks of the tape on Central avenue,
Alameda, when each bent over his han
dle-bars and the real test began. Slowly
but surely Russ gained inch by inch, and
as they Bashed under the wire he was a
wheel's length and one-fifth of a second
to the good. The Bay Citys finished nine
minutes later and the Acmes eleven min
utes after that.
TENTH RELAY.
Riding
Time.
E. F. Russ O. C. W. 1:51:24 2-61 25:24 2-5
.1 B Wins G. C. W. 1:61:24 3-6 28:24 S-5
C. M. Smith B. C. W. 2:00:;,7 4-5! 3f.:L'7 4-5
A. T. Smith | Acme 2:11:25 4-5| 37:2J 4-.">
Best pre%i.n;s trm- over this relay— K-lwarJs.
G. C. C, 2S:10, 1896.
After Russ had crossed the tape his
club mates, hardly realizing the good for- |
tune that was theirs, hoisted him on their
bhouldera and yelled themselves hoarse
with joy, and none begrudged them the j
sweets of victory. An immense crowd
had gathered at the finish and along the !
avenue hading to it, and many lingered
for an hour after the race was over, lis- !
tening to the stories of the riders and i
talking about the event.
The race was onlirely free from com- !
plaint, the victory fairly won, and no >
ground for complaint or protest was even
suggested.
In the packet carried by the men was a I
letter from Mayor Phelan to the presi- |
dent of the Board of Trustees of Alameda,
as follows:
MAYOR'S' OFFICE.
PAX FRANCISCO. May 13, TW9.
Hon. J. G. Brick, President of the Board of
Trustees of the City of Alameda— TV-ar Sir:
<»n May 14. 1899, four .Mni.-st.nMs will start
from this city on a bicycle relay race around <
the Bay of Han Francisco. A lettor similar to
this will b* In the possession of each rider. The
one arriving first will .lellver the letter t
I trust you will Bee fit to crown the successful
competitor and proclaim him the victor. Re- ;
spectrally, JAMES D. PHELAN. Mayor.
Last evening the Olympic Wheelmen
celebrated their victory by a banquet at
a downtown rotisserie. The relay trophy '
had been promptly delivered to them iii
the afternoon after they won it, and dur
ing the evening held the place of honor
In the center of the banquet table. The
Bay Citys, who are good losers, cele- ;
brated their defeat by an impromptu '■■
smoker at their club house on Golden
Gate avenue.
The rn<-e was splendidly handled, and ;
j much credit In this respect Is due Chair
! man W. L. Ixx>s of the racing board, and
his assistants, J. F. Hancock, George
| Humphrey and C. J. Belloli, and also to
Edwin Goeller, who acted as starter. ■
George P. Wetmore, John F. McGlynn, J.
A. Deslmone, John Klliott and F. w
Sharpe, timers at the finish, and also the '
Rjany officials at the end of each relay
performbed their arduous duties with out
a hitch.
To Prepare for Next Campaign. i
Frank K. Spr nrpr. president of the <
Tnung Men's Republican League of
San Francisco Clubs, has appoint- J
ed the following as additional mem- i
hers of tho executive committee- I i
Henry c. Langrehr, EJdward T. Dud- I ■
ley, H. A. Raymond, M. D. Lewis \\" ',
Martin, E. D. Mont rose, Charles W. Col- '
lett, George W. Toohy, E. Bianchi and j
George E. Moynihan. The committee met :
■■■ few evenings ago and organized by i
electing Henry C. Langrehr as its perma
nent chairman and Charles K. Holsman,
M.D., as secretary. After passing resolu
tions which are to be forwarded to the
Republican State Central Committee, the
committee adjourned to meet on next
Thursday evening, May 18, at the league
headquarters on O'Farrell and Powell |
streets, at which time the committee will
begin active preparations for the Repub
lican primaries, which, under the new
law, will give the league clubs a chance
to show their strength.
. ♦ .
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
. ♦ .
BROUGHT HOME FOR BURIAL.
Funeral of Jack Lippman, Who Died
at Manila.
Jack H. T>ippman. Troop X', Fourth Cav
alry, was buried yesterday from the res
idence of his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Hy
man I..ippman, 1412 McAllister street, with
military honors. The. remains of the !
young soldier, who died at Manila, were I
brought to this port by the transport
Grant recently. The hearse bearing the
remains of the young soldier left the resi
dence at 10:30 a. m., preceded by a squad
of mounted cavalrymen, while eight dis
mounted men from the same regiment
acted as pall bearers. The escort accom
panied the coffin as far as the Third and
Townsend station, where a special train
conveyed the large funeral party to Hills
of Eternity Cemetery. Rabbi Nieto de
livered an eloquent funeral sermon in the
chapel at the cemetery, praising the sac
rifices made and the accomplishments of
the American soldiers in the Philippines,
especially those who had responded to
the President's call for volunteers to en
gage in the war against Spain, or whom
young L,ippman was one. "These are the
boys," said Dr. Nieto, " whose sacrifices
in the cause of humanity and whose de
votion to their country's flag have made
these United States what they are."
The display of floral tributes was of the
most beautiful and elaborate nature.
■ ♦ ■
Trunks moved, 25c; freight transferred. Sig
nal Transfer Co., 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
1 ■ ♦ .
Death of Giosue Rottanzi.
Giopue Rottanzi, 8 prominent member of
the Swiss Italian '"ninny, died at his resi
dence. 820 Guerrero street, and will be
buried from St. James Church. Twenty
third and Guerrero Btreets, this morning
at !* o'clock. He leaves a widow, three
daughters and a son. He was born in
Faido, Switzerland. March 17. 1826.
Mr. Rottanzi was one of the pioneeer
business men who followed tho outward
growth of Market street. About the time
the cornerstone of the new City Hall was
laid lie opened a liquor store at 1027 liar-
K't street and remained in business there
to the day of his death. He arrived in
California in ISSI and engaged in mining
in Amador County. I>ater he removed to
this city, and in company with the late
Dr. A. Rottanzi opened the drug store at
the corner of Third and Folsom streets.
He was greatly interested in the propaga
tion and development of the California
wine industry, and in order to further
this cause became a director in the
Swiss-American Bank.
Trunks, valises, pocket books and diaries.
Best goods, best values, at Sanborn &
Tail's, 741 Market street. •
WINE MEN ARE
WORRYING ABOUT
THE SITUATION
Future of the Produc
ers' Corporation.
COMPACT MAY BE ABOLISHED
SONOMA COUNTY WINEMAKERS
OPPOSE CONTINUATION.
Directors of the Big Combine Will
Hold a Meeting To-Day to De
termine This Year's
Policy.
The clear-headed wine men of the
State are regarding- with much anxiety
; the present situation of the combination
of wine makers known as the California
; Wine Makers" Corporation, which com
■ prises about 80 per cent of the producers
' of dry wine in California.
There is considerable dissatisfaction
. among many of the members, and unless
1 this discontented element is placated the
continuation of the combination will be
impossible. This fact, and the further fact
: that the co-operation of wine makers has
| been practically the salvation of the in
] dustry in the past two years, are what
I makes wise men look worried when they
see. a prospect of the corporation going to
pieces. Even the merchants who fought
i the producers' combine fast and furious
] for several years now acknowledge that
! the destruction of the combine would re
sult in the return of the old situation
| when wine sold at 5 cents per gallon.
They say there can be no other outcome,
' for the producers will cut each other's
throat in competition, and that the mer
chants will take advantage of the situa
tion and force prices down if they get
the opportunity.
The Santa Clara County wine men ap
pear to appreciate the gravity of the
crisis, and by means of a couple of peti
tion-; signed in thai section have urged
the directors of the corporation to take
active steps u> reorganize f'>r handling
the coming crop, which as yet has not
been contracted for, notwithstanding the
lateness of the season. They ask for a
modification of last year's contract.
On the other band, the big northern
Bectlon of Sonoma County comes forward
with a robust kick. The producers met
the other day and adopted a set "f reso
lutions that plainly show tha.t they will
ii"t be in this years combine. At a large
meeting held in Healdsburg resolutions
were adopted setting forth that the wine
makers of that district would not join
the corporation for the handling of tae
1R99 vintage unless the officers of the cor
poration secured the contracts of itO per
cont or more of the dry wine makers of
the State. The resolution further sug
that the corporation wind up Its af
fairs as soon as may be without loss to
the individual members. There are some
further sharp features of the resolution
which indicate that the Sonoma County
producers have a large hammer out for
the institution.
So far as the proposition of securing 90
per cent of the dry wine makers of the
State in a compart Is concerned, it is
considered Impossible. However, hy rea
son of the attitude of the producers of
these two great districts, the directors of
the California Wine Makers' « 'orporation
will hold a special meeting to-day to con
sider what shall be done for the best in
terests of the industry-, as represented by
the corporation.
One of the important subjects that will
call for the consideration of the board is
the resignation of President Henry J.
Crocker, which was handed in a few days
ago, and which rather severely criticizes
the inaction of the officers in not having
secured the needed contracts hefore this
time. MY. Crocker characterizes this kind
of policy as "suicidal. " Mr. Crocker's de
parture* from the helm of the big institu
tion will be embarrassing, as he has done
much to force wines up to the present
living riasis and place the producers on
something of an independent footing — a
place they had not been for many years
before. The result of this meeting, there
fore, will be awaited with deep concern
by all who are interested in the welfare of
the wine industry.
$-•-s—•— s■ -•—»-•-■s— ♦~^-»- ♦-♦-<3>-*-0
Larkspur Citizens Beat 2:40 On Their
New Plank Walk.
Changes at Children's Hospital.
Miss J. M. Newbury, a graduate of
Bellevue Hospital, New York, arrived in
the city last week, and will assume the
position of superintendent of nurses at
the Children's Hospital. The young lady
is possessed of rare skill, and intf-nds to
introduce all modern surgical methods in
the institution.
ELITE FRENCH CHINAWARE DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Store* Everywhere.
THEY WORKED
LIKE NAILERS
AT LARKSPUR
Good Citizens Lay a
Plank Walk.
DAY OF WORK AND REJOI < NG
A NEEDED IMPROVEMENT MADE
IN A HURRY.
Bullshead Luncheon in Shula's Grove
and a Programme of Song
Round Out the Auspi
cious Day.
"Two-forty on the old plank road" was
nothing to the pace set yesterday by the
dwellers at Larkspur in the construction
of their new plank walk. It had taken
a lot of public spirit and the better part
of a month to get the money together to
purchase the material, but little more
than half a day to make one of the most
noticeable improvements in the pretty
Marln County resort.
"The better the day the better the
deed," thought the citizens of Larkspur,
and so they chose Sunday for the work.
Anton Shula, who puts in the better part
of six days in the week in this city in the
cigar business and the seventh in his
vine-embowered home at the head of
Larkspur canyon, acted as generalissimo
of the. occasion. He was up wjth the
chickens yesterday morning and took per
sonal care to see that every other person
that had promised a hand in the work
had an early call and a good breakfast at
the. Shula table. More than twenty able
bodied residents and campers responded
to the Shula " 'raus mit 'ihm," appearing
in their oldest clothes, carrying saws and
sledges, picks and mattocks for the work
in hand.
At the tap of 7 they set to work, having
been reinforced by that time by a crowd
of small boys who acted as water and
nail carriers. From "Ward street, which
is opposite the depot, to Madrone avenue,
which marks the entrance to the canyon,
the force of citizen laborers strung out
along Magnolia avenue, and the buzz of
tb«e saw and the -rap of the hammer was
heard in the land. Sawdust filled the air,
which stirred early with a lively breeze,
and chips flew in every direction. Men
hurried this way and that with the
planks, and other men grabbed and nailed
them into position.
Never before in all Marin County was
there such a rush of work. Fiends incar
nate were never in such a hurry as the
husky twenty on thnt plank walk They
threw dirt right and loft; they cut and
laid stringers; they swung sledges and
(Jrove nails, and that beautiful board
walk began stretching Its magnificent dis
tance to the camping grounds.
Shula, who had been appointed a depu
ty sheriff for the occasion, was every
where along the line, carrying planks,
sawing some and hammering others His
chief assistants were Charles Dodge his
brother-in-law, and William Martin who
dwells at Inglenook in Larkspur Canavon
when he is not busy in Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s auditing department. The idea of
tli,. plank walk originated with Shula and
in his efforts to raise a popular subscrip
tion to purchase the materials lie found
no readier supporter than Martin, and in
the laying out of it the same hearty co
operation was shown.
So steadily did the volunteers work that
by noon, when the lunch bell rang out
the walk had been almost completed fo
Madrone avenue, 1300 feet from the place
of beginning. Jt was a good morning's
work and the amateur carpenters were
hungry, and although they would not ad
mit it. a little bit tired. They were not
slow to knock off for a bite to eat, but
they -were, not prepared for the feast that
awaited them in the grove. On long ta
bles set around in the shadow of the red
woods a number of the ladies of Larkspur
had set a most attractive luncheon, bulls
head being the chief attraction. In ad
dition, with their own fair hands they
fed the hungry to the number of sixty,
some of the drones having joined trie
busy bees who had been buzzing and
buzz-sawing all morning.
The fair cooks, who acted as hand
maidens to the feasting workers, were:
Mrs. William Martin, Mrs. Samuel Rice
Mrs. T. Howell. Mrs. Mc<iivney. .Mrs.
Patterson and the Misses Nettie and Fan
nie Cobb. Their reward came in the way
the luncheon disappeared and in the
knowledge that the new walk was more
for their sakes than for any others.
After the luncheon half an hour was
taken for play, during which an impromp
tu song programme was r< ndered be
tween cooling drinks. W. Moore sang a
solo, "Because," the Occidental Trio
joining in the chorus. P. J. Eisenmann"s
barytone was heard in "Once in the Pur-
pie Twilight," and Ed Moore sang the
raptime ecstasy "Zizzy Zee Zum Zum."
Back the workers went and farther
stretched the walk, until it passed from
Magnolia Into Madrone avenue, where
Miss Octavla Dupais. in lieu of a golden
; spike, fixed it with a 20-penny nail. About
'■■ this time the lumber save nut and a nalt
i had to be called on the work, but not be
fore the worst of it was over. It had been
the intention to laytheentire 2200 feet sep
arating Ward street from the camping
grounds, 1300 feet to Madrone avenue
j four feet wide, and the remainder up the
canyon two feet wide, the accepted di
mension for the best regulated Lovers'
Lane. The moat of the four-foot walk
was laid, and all the stringers and part of
the planking for the narrow strip. Next
\
COLORED
DRESSGOODS.
We invite particular attention to the following
two lines of COLORED DRESS GOODS, which will
be found the best values ever offered in this city:
Ji H { 75 % pieces-- 44-inch ENGLISH
4f% {75 CHEVIOT, in Light and
lip) CHEVIOT, in Light and
I*lllll Dark Navys, Seal and
L Per Yard, f Golden Browns.
PH 50 pieces 48-inch FRENCH
£||P 50 pieces 48-inch FRENCH
Ij rt SERGES, in Purple, Navy,
■ HSj Browns, Sapphire, Olive,
/ Marine, Garnet, Myrtle,
; high liiu, \jcii iiuL, ill j 1 LIC,
Per Yard, [ Winp and SeaL
EXTRA SPECIAL.
5 Cases MOIRED FRENCH PERCALINE (for
Dress Lining), full 36 inches wide, all the
newest shades,
12Lo yard.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
- ■•
■:-:. - -.:.
Sunday it is the intention to complete the
work so well hegun.
Those who took part in the work were:
A. Shula. Charles Dodge. \V. .Martin. .1.
E Srhultz. Sum Tlurtchaoll. T. Howell,
"Mayor" Stevens of Corte Madera, Will
Moore, Ed Moore, Phil J. Eisenmann,
William Parsons, John Frizzi. A. Frizzi,
<t. W. Allen, O. c. Peck, A. J. Marriott,
G. Hammond. A. W. Tingley, 11. Borne
mann, W. Williams. A. Snell, G. B. Dins
more and Charles Hopkins.
Claims He Was Robbed.
John P.. Holland, a rosiripnt of the Vet
erans' Home at Napa, called at. the Re
ceiving hospital early yesterday morning
with his face badly bruised. Ho sail! be
was walking' along Grove street, and
when near Octavia Btreel two men came
up to him and one of them struck him
on the face, knocking him down. Thon
they robbed him of $4 50, all the money
he had. He was thankful they had not
taken his return ticket to Napa. The po
lice were notified of the robbery.
Meeting of University Begents.
A regular meeting 1 of the Regents of
the University of California will be held
in room 13, South Hall, Berkeley, on next
Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The meet
ing has been called for the purpose of
conferring degrees.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Olive Oil— Sierra Madre qt 75c
regularly 85c and 50c pt 45c
Vinegar— 75c gallon 55C
French white wine vinegar
Coffee— reg'ly 25c ib 20c
Roast or ground — Crescent 5 lbs 90c
Macaroni— Isdb 12jc
macaroni — vermicelli-spaguette-paste
Whiskey— two famous distilleries
Old Oojr-bourbon 1889 $1 25 bot $1
'" " 5 gal 4
Hermitage-Rye 1888 150 bot 115
" 6 gal 450
Pine-apple-Hawaiian 15c
regularly 20c tin-grated
Lard— Foam 50c
reg'ly 60c slb tin
Tomatoes in glass 20c
reg'ly 25c quart jar
Toilet paper— Belvedere- $1 10
reg'ly $i 50 dozen packages of 1000
Cocoanut— schepp's 22jc
reg'ly 30c Ib here ,
Gin— Booth's Old Tom 90C
reg'ly $1 bottle
Rock Candy— German 25C
reg'ly 35c Ib— the genuine brown
Smelling salts— crotpn 40c
reg'ly joe bottle— Lavender
Dentifrice— PinawPa 30C
reg'ly 40c bottle
Lemon Squeezer 10c
Glass cup— gives you all the juice and
and keeps the seeds— no tumbler needed
Ice cream freezers— Magic.
ft quarts- 2346
li reg'ly 1 75 2 10 2 50 3
fc) special 1 50 1 80 215 2 55
agSJti»^ The price is so low you'll
JSC^PtSU^ surely want a freezer —
lf>^ m Magic is triple action— very
* simple
><; I Ice cream moulds
if Individual moulds In odd shapes —
"^* w various prices
.^ « Brick shaped moulds with detach-
-^S. ■■•He tops and bottoms leaving
><1 . raj cream In perfect shape
sizes iqt 2qt 3qt 4qt
reg'ly 85 100 115 1 25
special 70 85 95 100
432 Pine 115 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
RADKE & CO., I
118 Sutter Street, M
ARE SHOWING: '-''■'- E3
Ladies' Silver Chatelaine Watches $6.00 upi
Silver Sash Buckles $1.00 upi
Silver Blouse Sets 50c upH
Silver Nethersole Bracelets 75c upi
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO MAIL AND EX kI
PRESS ORDERS. El