VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 127.
HUNTINGTON PLOTS
AGAINST HERRIN
Echoes of the
Last Campaign
Railroad Magnate Seeks to
Escape Responsibility for
Aiding Burns.
THE visit of Collis P. Hunt
to this city h.
the big yellow bui; Mont
gomery and Market streets. Th ■
coming of t! I magnate
■was the signal to re
Huntington found, on 1 lhat
he was in : rament. He
had instr tatives in
the South mpany, parti
cularly William F. Herrln, to espouse
tli,-> . Burns for United ■
d the
yer to the let
ter. ■ :< a big corpora
tion In political affairs
aft'-r the g( neral election more openly
than it h. I ever been before perhaps
jn t] • the State. Railroad
; as such and employed
[fie interests at
were avowed and
t Dan Burns. The
in became the cause
people. The men chosen
by the 'rfflrers of the railroad com
a sharp eye on rnil
;on were the. men
by Dan Burns to assist
in making his fight for an
sit ion which the representa
tive? ople refused, in rebellion,
to grant him. It was a matter notori
known to everybody that Dan
Burns was the Senatorial candidate of
iern Pacific Company. Hunt
n had publicly announced his pref
e for Burns, and Huntington's
preference became valuable through
the work of his employes.
This condition of affairs would have
created no discussion if the absurd
ambition of Burns had been crowned
with success. Hunting-ton has been,
for so long, a meddler in the political
affairs of the State that his interrer
ence in the recent Senatorial campaign
v ould have created no comment if
Burns had won. The defeat of the
Mexican, however, has completely
changed the aspect of affairs. Hunt
lngton seeks now to repudiate his own
actions, even his own words, and place
upon the long suffering shoulders of
Herrin a personal responsibility for
any railroad espousal of the lost cause
of Burns.
Huntington wishes the public to be
lieve that hi? servant spent the money
of the Southern Pacific, employed
lobbyists and wielded every influence
•within the grasp of a powerful cor
poration to assist Burns without any
authority from those who employ him.
The matter is of serious moment for
the railroad magnate realizes that it is
a dangerous faking, even in Cali
fornia, for hi: to show his hand and
then lose. He wishes the people of the
State to believe that William F. Her
rin, forgetting by whom and for what
he is employed, used the tremendous
power of the. railroad to satisfy a per
sonal friendship. Humington forgets
that the people of the State are thor
oughly informed on the incidents of the
Senatorial campaign which has iust
closed. He is striving to make of Wil
liam F. Herrin a scapegoat for actions
that look evil in the eyes of Cali
fornians.
William F. Herrin ai I
: Bonal instrui C. P.
Huntington in supporting and advanc
. as he could ti. cy of
H<-rrin had a favorite of his
[ted States Senator, but his
is not the choice of Hunting
md as a matter of necessity had
:riflced at Huntington's com-
Herrin would have thrown to
<ie Young whatever influence he
as bead of the law depart
. uthern Pacific Company,
Huntington nominated Burns. Hor
rin th xercised every energy to
Mexican. It is a gross to
re, for the railroad mag
ttempt to throw the odium of
upon his employe. Her
:;cal methods have been
.n The Call as occasion de
manded. The head of the law depart
uthern Pacific Company
has . -ured or praised as his
uct warranted, but whatever he is
or whatever the people of the State
think him to be, he is not guilty of the
ping Dan Burns before
the public. < '. P. Huntington is re
for that indecent exposure.
The incidents of the Senatorial fight
demonstrate this fact to
ft. It v ill bf remembered
M. H. de Young believed that he
rt of the Southern Pa
in his candidacy for
t<>r. Practical poli
tician? and men of affairs knew that
the railroad people intended to dictate
the choice of the Legislature if it were
so. Mr. de Young be
■ that he I d Huntingdon's in
ement since he already had the
pupport of William v. Herrin. The
head of the law department had in
formed Mr. de Young th-it everything
ild do would br- in the- service of
the proprietor of the Chronicle. Re-
lying upon this assurance Mr. de Young
was buoyed up by a false hope. He
Foon learned that Herrin's personal
preferences played, however, but a
email l.art in the affair. C. P. Hunting
ton arrogated to himself the right to
name United States Senators for Cali
fornia. He declared in New York that
The San Francisco Call.
D. M. Rums deserved to be a Senator
and would be. That was before the
itive deadlock had become a seri
ffair and Huntington believed that
, a wish of of the Southern Pacific Com
pany was a command to State legisla
tors.
Huntington felt so sure of his ground
that he forgot his customary reserve
and made this declaration. That set
tled the case of De Young and gave
Herrin his instrnctions. When the leg
islative deadlock seemed likely to be
permanent Huntington shook his head
knowingly and said that "the Legisla
ture of California will elect a Senator
and D. M. Burns will be the winner of
the prize." De Young had judgment
enough not to enter the contest. Her
rin had received his orders and pro
ceeded with due diligence to execute
them.
The head of the law department Is a
political campaigner of experience. He
knows that it is not a pleasant task to
explain a failure and he left undone
nothing which might contribute to suc
cess. He arranged to be In direct com
munication with J. B. Wright, the
Southern Pacific division superintend
ent at Sacramento. Herrin had di
rect telegraphic communication with
Wright whenever he wished it, and D.
M. Burns held daily conferences with
Herrin through the medium of Wright
during the Senatorial campaign. Hunt
ington's orders were being obeyed.
As a matter of course the Southern
Pacific Company had other interests
at Sacramento as well as the Senatorial
fight. The railroad has always main
tained at the capital during sessions >>f
the Legislature a powerful lobby.
Money is spent, votes are hartered and
only trusted men are employed in such
delicate work. This year the Southern
Pacific, Compsr. 1 .- r-o!"<i Its interests.
The men who were chosen to watch
railroad legislation were commissioned
also to make the Mexican's cause that
of the railroad. The followers of D.
M. Burns were in the service of the
Southern Pacific Company. The ex
penses of these men, incurred in ad
vancing the cause of Burns, were paid
by *he Southern Pacific Company. The
distributor of railroad passes was one
of the trusted supporters of Burns. Th>
campaign of the Mexican was the cam
paign of the Southern Pacific Company.
In fulfillment of his duty William F.
Horrin conducted this campaign. He
Interviewed legislators, used every
weapon of the railroad, indorsed expen
ditures of money that belonged to his
employers and fought with such energy
that when failure came the Southern
Pacific Company and not William F.
Horrin stood discredited with a. dis
graceful defeat. And now Huntington
seeks to throw upon his faithful servant
the odium of his own commands The
crafty railroad magnate has a.f'o in
volved General Hubbard in his scheme
of evasion, but the imposition, it is
believed, is not serious. General Hub
bard is credited with being wiser than
he talks. At all events the pr-ople of
the State do not always believe all they
hear.
Particularly is this the fact when the
people of California hear C. P. Hunt
ington say that William F. Herrin. on
his own responsibility, used railroad
money, issued railroad passes, paid
railroad lobbyists and exerted all the
strength of railroad influence to elect
I). M. Burns a United States Senator.
In the presence of witnesses William
P. Hc-rrln declared that his personal
choice for United States Senator was
M. H. de Young, but his personal
choice counted for nothing as the In
structions of his superiors were to labor
for D. M. Burns. Herrin is reported to
have said that he wanted De Young
but the railroad wanted Burns and
there all discussion must end. Even
Huntington can see the absurdity of
the assertion that Herrin used all the
power of the great corporation to ad
vance a cause in which that corpora
tion was not interested. Herrin obeys
the command at those who employ him.
and he is employed by C. P. Hunting
ton.
ROBBED HIS EMPLOYER
OF A SACK OF GOLD
BOLD SAFE BOBBERY IN A
BAKERY.
Andrew Gail Cleverly Relieved of
Three Hundred Dollars by a
Daring Thief.
The police arc puzzled over a mysteri
ous safe robbery which occurred Tuesday
evening in the bakery at 127 Fifth street.
Early in the evening the proprietor, An
drew Gail, weni to the safe and was as
tounded to find it open and the contents,
amounting to $300, gone. As one of his
employes whom he knew as Jack was in
the shop only a short time before, Gail,
suspecting that he had tampered with the
safe, went in search of him. Failing to
find him, he notified the policeman on the
beat.
Last night Gall visited police headquar
tors and reported the robbery to Captain
Bohen. He is strongly convinced that the
mysterious "Jack" opened the safe and
got away with the funds.
"Jack" Is described as being about 40
years old, plainly dressed and wears a
slouch hat. He has a dark mustache and
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1899.
claims he recently arrived from the inte
rior. The money was contained in a sack
and was to be' devoted to the paying off
of several claims.
Captain Bohen detailed Detectives Gib
son and Wrenn on the case, with Instruc
tions to watch the outgoing trains, as it
is believed that "Jack" will attempt to
leave the city.
WILL OWN STREET RAILWAYS.
President Plack Talks of Detroit's
Latest Municipal Scheme.
President Albert Plack of the Detroit
Electric Railway Company is a guest at
the Palace Hotel. Naturally Mr. Plack
is deeply interested in the action of the
Detroit Common Council in appointing a
commission to negotiate the purchase of
the. street railway lines of that city. Mr.
Plack is inclined to believe that the ac
tion of the Common Council will hold,
notwithstanding Mayor Maybury'sveo of
the ordinance.
"The ordinance was passed by a vote of
21 to 11. two members of the Council be
ing absent." Bald Mr. Plack last night,
"and I am inclined to think that the Com
mon Council will pass the ordinance over
the Mayor's veto. Municipal ownership
of street railway lines is a pot scheme of
Governor Pingree. who is named as one
of the commissioners, and it was largely
through his influence that the enabling
act was passed by the Legislature at its
HUNTINGTON— LET HIM 60 FOR A SCAPEGOAT INTO THE WILDERNESS.
recent session. The original bill provided
that the city of Detroit should be au
thorized to build and operate its own lines
and to raise the necessary funds by the
sale of municipal bonds. But as Detroit
is fully equipped in that respect Governor
nd other sensible men realized
that if this plan was carried out the re
sult would moan loss to both the city and
the existing companies. A? a
other bill was substituted and passed au
thorizing the city to appoint a commis
sion to purchase the existing lines. While
wo do not desire to sell we are not fight
ing ?ho plan and will insist only upon re
og a fair price for our property. All
■ car lines in Detroit are owned
mtrolled by the Detroit Citizens'
Street Railway Company, the Detroit
Electric Railway and the Detroit. Fort
Wayne and Belle Isle Railway Company.
They have 200 miles of track In first-class
;tion and splendidly equipped. The
total capitalization of those companies Is
$11,000,000 and their bonded indebtedness
$5.200,000. Under the provisions of the en
abling act the city may issue bonds with
only the street railway property as secur
ity. It cannot pledge the city's credit be
yond that. The purchase price, if the
lines are acquired by the city, probably
will be in the neighborhood of $16,000,000 or
118,000,000."
Mr. Plack says Detroit owns its water
works and lighting plant, both of which
have proved of great benefit to the city.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
George Benham Thinks They Will
Become Very Close.
George A. Benham of Washington, a
lawyer and writer on economic questions,
is spending a few days in the city and
is registered at the Palace. During the
past year he has been traveling through
Mexico, and has made a careful study of
political and economic conditions in all
parts of the republic. In speaking of the
results of his investigations he says:
"The time is coming when Mexico will
be annexed to the United States. This
will be the logical outcome of the course
of events of the past year. The tendency
of the Spanish-American people is to
ward a closer union with the United
States.
"I do not mean to say that Mexico will
bo formally annexed to this country, in
the ordinary sense of the term, but will
come into such relations with us that we
shall acquire a protectorate over the
country— much similar to that which
England enjoys over Egypt. Such an al
liance would be of immense benefit to
Mexico, and would give her the advan
tage which a small railway acquires from
an alliance with a larger one. Mexico is
very friendly to this courftry, and has
watched the course of events during the
recent war with the keenest interest. Our
acquisition of Cuba and Porto Rico
means a great deal to Mexico, and will
tend to strengthen her relations with the
United Stati
Land Dispute Settled.
Yesterday morning Judge Seawell
handed down a decision in favor of the
claim of Elodie C. Macdonald and Jovita
B. McKinnon against Geronimo R. de
Bernal to the title of property including
a portion of the Rancho Rincon de Las
Salinas y Potrero Vlejo, situated on Ale
many avenue and lalais Cre,ek, la, this
AN IMPORTANT
STATE ISSUE
IS OVERLOOKED
Immunity to Wells,
Fargo & Co.
ATTORNEY GENERAL WILL ACT
;
STEPS TO FORCE PAYMENT OF
THE WAR TAX.
The Case Against the Corporation
Has Been Neglected in the
United States Circuit
Court.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford Intends
to press without delay the charge against
Wells, Fargo & Co. In an effort to force
j that corporation to obey the Federal law
iin reference to war stamps. This com
pany has refused to place war stamps
upon the parcels which it handles. Ex-
Attorney General W. F. Fitzgerald, on
behalf of the State, instituted proceedings
to force Wells, Fargo & Co. to obey the
law. The case was brought before the
Supreme Court, but that tribunal denied
jurisdiction under the circumstances and
referred the matter for consideration to
the Superior Court.
Proceedings were therefore commenced
in the Superior Court, but again juris
diction was lust. <)n this occasion Wells,
Fargo & Co. interfered on their own be
half. They insisted that Federal ques
tions were involved in the controversy
and that the issue should be determined
by a Federal court. The matter was
therefore transferred by agreement to the
United States Circuit Court. Wells,
Fargo & Co. gave a bond ostensibly to
protect the Government in the event that
the case should be decided against the
company.
In this condition the matter has since
rested. Absolutely nothing has been done
and Wells, Fargo & Co. have enjoyed an
immunity from a tax to which other cor
porations and individuals must submit.
When ex-Attorney General Fitzgerald
was superseded in office by Attorney Gen
eral Ford the case was apparently for
gotten. It is a matter of general inter
est to the people of the State, as it ex
hibits an apparently gross discrimination
of the Government in favor of one cor
poration and against all others.
Attorney General Ford says that he
will take up the case as soon as possible.
He understands its importance, but the
manifold duties of his office and the con
fusion incident to the change in State ad
ministration have prevented him from
giving the case the attention it deserves.
The Attorney General has not yet con
sidered the legal aspect of the case and
is not in a position to express an opinion
upon the contention that Federal ques
tions are involved. _____
A singular suit was instituted~by the
Attorney General of Michigan, who won
his point that the State had sole jurisdic
tion in the matter. It Is naturally con
tended that California has the same right.
The point has not been judicially deter
mined in this State, however, and the
Attorney General declares that no fur
ther delay will be tolerated in a case of
such general importance.
AN INCREASED POPULATION.
I A Demand for Greater School Facili
ties in South San Francisco.
The increased population of South San
Francisco during the past five years has
caused the school accommodation in \ that
portion of the city to become over
crowded. jTo have the School Directors
make amends for this is the cause of the
organization of an improvement; club in
the southern portion of this municipality.
The present school building known as
| the JBu.ra<#t Primary. Jkuj twelve clsys^
STORIES TOLD BY
RESCUED SAILORS
rooms and is ranked as a primary. To
have the school building enlarged by the
addition of at least six more classes and
also raised to the degree of a grammar
is one of the objects in view by the mem
bers of the improvement club.
The officers of the newly formed club
are: President. Charles Milly; vice pres
ident, Charles Nonnemann Jr.: secretary.
H. C. Mangels; treasurer, A. F. Fitschen;
sergeant-at-arms, Charles Johnson.
These, with quite a number of prominent
residents of the South Side representing
the heads of families and property own
ers, are in the van for improvements.
It is claimed by th<*m that during the
past five years the increase in the popu
lation of the district has been the means
of adding so many children of school
age to the inhabitants that a larger
school building, as also one of a higher
grade, is a necessity in consequence of
the distance from South San Franciscn
to a grammar school. The school at the
Potrero being also a primary one, there
!s no relief nearer than the city high
grade school. As taxpayers and resi
dents of this commonwealth the South
San Francisco people will urge their
claims for recognition.
Century Club Exhibit.
The Century Club of California threw
open Its rooms at 1215 Sutter street last
evening for a private view of its spring
exhibition of- pictures. A large number
of visitors discussed a unique and inter-
esting collection of oil paintings, water
colors and miniatures by local artists.
Nearly two hundred subjects iio'e dis
played, and they all excited the admir
ation of the beholders.
The ladies who acted as the reception
committee in receiving the gruests were
Mrs. E. C. Wright (chairman), Mrs. Har
ry Gibbons, Mrs. Horace Davis. Mrs. B.
B. Cornwall, Miss Beaver, Mrs. J. M
Burnett, Mrs. John F. Merrill, Miss Ethei
Beaver. Mrs. Caroline Jackson and Miss
Monteagle.
The exhibit will be opened to-day and
to-morrow trom 11 a. m. until 5 p. m., and
on Saturday from 11 a. m. until 5 p. m.,
and from S till 11 in the evening. Admis
sion will be by card, which can be pro
cured from the members in unlimited
quantities.
Wife Deserted Him.
George Knecht was granted a divorce
from Annie S. Knecht yesterday by
Judge Hebbard on the ground of deser
tion.
WRECK OF THE CHILKAT AS SEEN FROM THE DECK OF THE NORTH FORK.
Chilkat Went
Quickly Down
Survivors Tell of the Terri=
ble Catastrophe of the
Humboldt Bar.
THE steam schooner North Fork
arrived from Eureka yesterday
afternoon with six survivors
from the wrecked Chilkat
=5 hoard. The consensus of opin
ion was that "the rollers were too heavy
for the little Chilkat and she went to
pieces before them."
The Chilkat sailed from Eureka for
San Francisco on the 4th inst. with
six passengers and fourteen of a crew |
aboard. The bar was rough, but the
rollers were not as heavy as on many
an occasion when the steamer had
crossed out in safety. At 10:50 a. m.
the Chilkat was in distress and Cap
tain Anderson blew four long blasts on
the whistle to notify the North Fork,
about a quarter of a mile ahead, that
his vessel was in danger. Captain Ba,sh
of the North Fork at once responded,
and bringing his vessel as close to the
wreck as possible lowered two boats.
In the meantime a wave had struck
the Chilkat on the starboard bow and
turned her broadside on. Another roller
broke over her and put her on her
beam ends. Sea after sea struck the
ill-fa.ted rraft and in eight minutes
from the time the danger signal was
blown there was nothing left of the
Chilkat hut "slivers and shingles," as
Captain Bash puts it.
"We sailed from Eureka about 10 a.
m. last Monday," said Captain Bash of
the North Fork yesterday. "We were
about a quarter of a mile ahead of the
Chilkat and as we were making easy
weather of it I never thought the Chil
kat was in any danger. She was fol
lowing us out and seemed to be all
right when I looked back after the
danger signal pounded. I at once slowed
the North Fork down and got her
around, heading for the Chilkat, at the
same time getting my boats ready for
lowering. While doing this I saw the
Chilkat broach to, then her deckhouse
started and she went over on her beam
ends.
"When I got the North Fork as near
as safety would allow I lowered two
boats. First Mate McLennan was in
command of one and Second Mate Lar
sen of the other. McLennan went as
close to the wreck as he dared, but
saw no trace of life. He then rowed
to the only boat that had got away
from the Chilkat and took two men
from it and came back to the ship.
The Chilkat's boat followed our boat
back and we took' the men aboard. A
second boat got away from the wreck,
but a wave struck it and the last I saw
of it it was going end over end in the
roller. Three of the men in it, I be
lieve, got ashore at the life saving
station.
"Two minutes after the Chilkat
broached to her deckhouse went. Then
as the North Fork rose on the crest of
a wave I saw a wave strike the un
fortunate vessel, and when the wave
passed all there was to be seen was
slivers and shingles. Had the boat that
turned end over end been fifty feet
further away it would have rode out
the danger and our crew would have
saved them. But what was to be
happened and the boat was lost.
"By this time the lifeboat with the
life saving crew and the tug Printer
were on the scene so I got ready to
start on my voyage again. The life
boat came alongside and I gave the
captain a list of the men we had saved
and then I stood on my course. The
men I brought down from the wreck
are: Chief Engineer William Pack
wood, Assistant Engineer Clyde Light
ner, Fireman William Griep, Steward
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
T. C. Bohall and Howard Smith, a pas
senger. Not one of them is anything
the worse for his terrible experience."
Chief Engineer Packwood was in the
engine-room when the Chilkat went
over, on her beam ends. "My escape
was a marvelous one," said he. "I was
attending to the engines with my hand
on the lever when I heard the four
whistles blow. I had not the faintest
idea what was the matter and got no
signal from the pilot-house, so the en
gines were still turning over at full
speed when I was washed out of the
engine-room.
"When the Chilkat went over on her
beam ends I was caught like a rat in
a trap. Bundles of shingles were
washed into the room and one of these
I grasped hold of. When the third
roller struck the steamer the deckhouse
opened up from the hull and I floated
out into the ocean on my bundle of
shingles. I was barely clear of the
vessel when the opening closed up
again like a trap, but thank God, I was
clear. The boys in the ship's boat saw
me-come out of the hull and picked me
up more dead than alive."
"When the Chilkat went over on her
beam ends if anybody had offered me
10 rents for my life I would have said
'pass over the 10 cents,' " was the way
Fireman William Griep spoke of his
narrow escape. "The steamer was
thrown over to port and I went over
with her. I thought my last hour had
come and can remember nothing more
until I was sitting in the ship's boat
•with the other boys."
T. C. Bohall. the steward, was nn the
bridge with Captain Anderson when the
Chilkat broached to. He says the wheel
was not disabled, but refuses to state
what caused the disaster save that "the
waves were ton heavy for the Chilkat
and she went down before th^m."
"Captain Anderson was not trying to
take a short cut across the end of the
south jetty," said Bohall. "We were
very nearly in the wake of the North
Fork, but making much heavier
weather of it than that vessel. A big
roller broke aboard and it " passed
through my mind that it was the be
ginning of the end. I knew that How
ard Smith, one of the passengers, was
in his stateroom and the door fastened,
so I hurried aft to let him out. When
I reached his room he had got a life
belt on and was crawling out through
the window. By this time the Chilkat
was heeled right over and her upper
deck was within three feet of the water,
while the port boat was floating. Wil
liam Black, one of the sailors, was
standing and he and Smith and I got
into the boat. Clyde Lightner, the as
sistant engineer came along a moment
later and he got in also. Then we cut
the falls and pushed away from the
sinking ship. Griep, the fireman, came
up alongside of us and a few seconds
later the deckhouse lifted up from the
hull and Chief Engineer Packwood
floated out on a bundle of shingles.
Just as he floated clear the hole closed
up again, just, for all the world as
though a door had been opened to let
a man out and closed to after him. It
was the most wonderful escape I have
ever heard of.
"Once clear of the wreck wo stood
out over the bar. One of the North
Fork's boats came along and as ours
was overloaded Griep and Smith got
into it. Both boats then made their
way out over the bar to the North Fork
and mighty glad we were to get aboard
her. The last I saw of Captain Ander
son he was standing on the top of the2
house iwatching to see if anybody
wanted assistance. The mate and two
passengers were standing by a boat
and I suppose the captain's Intention
was to get into it. However, about
two minutes later the Chilkat was
broken into kindling wood and I sup
pose the captain was killed in the
wreckage.
"Second Mate Charles Clyde and
three sailors were down in the hold
looking after the cargo. You see, pome
of the stuff was liable to shift in the
heavy seaway and if not attended to at
once the vessel would take a list that
would instantly prove fatal. While
these men were nobly attending to
their duty the Chilkat turned over, and
I suppose they lost their lives among
the shingles.
"I had been four months on the Chil
kat when she started on her last trip.
I did not like the Humboldt bar and
never stayed below when we were
crossing it. Night or day. rain or shine.
I was always either on the upper d'^ck
or on the bridge when we were passing
in or out. I knew every time we crossed
the bar we were taking chances, but
yi">u bet I was taking as few as possible.
The whole thing happened in eight min
utes. From the time the first roller
struck her until she was strewn In
kindling wood on the bar the second
hand had only time to travel eight
times around its dial, so you can im
agine how quickly the whole thing hap
pened. At eight minutes to 11 last
Tuesday morning there was probably
not a person aboard, outside of myself,
who had a thought of- danger, let alone
death, and yet at 11 o'clock a. m. eleven
of them had passed to the bourne from
which no traveler returneth. It was an
awful catastrophe and came with awful
suddenness.'
Howard Smith, nnp of the passengers.
was in his stateroom lying down when
SIX SURVIVORS OF THE CHILKAT DISASTER WHO ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY.
the Chilkat began to go down. "The
steamer was rolling at a great rate,"
Bald he, "but I paid no attention to that
as It is a customary thing on the Hiim
boldt bar. When a big sea came along
and flooded my cabin I thought it was
time to get out, however, so I put on a
life-belt and made for my door. It was
fastened, so I turned to the window.
The steamer was then almost lying on
her side, so I had no difficulty in getting
out. Then I found Steward Bohall and
together we got into the boat. The
next time I go to Eureka I will go by
train and stage. No more Humboldt
bar in mine."
It was Assistant Engineer Clyde
Lightner's watch off. bo he was in his
room uhfn the shir began to go down.
Seaman Black wap also on duty around
the deck and neither of them had any
difficulty in getting into the port boat
as she lay alongside. As they pulled
for the open sea, however, and saw the
peas rising up like mountains,
neither of them thought his life was
worth an hour's purchase. One mo
ment they were tossed away up toward
heaven on the crest of a mighty billow
and the next instant, like an arrow
from a bow. they would shoot down
into the depths. It was a perilous
time and a fitting conclusion to the
dangers escaped.
The rescued men cannot speak too
highly of Captain Bash and the crew
of the North Fork. Everything possi
ble was done for them and ten minutes
after they pot aboard dry clothing of
some sort was provided for each one.
As the North Fork came alongside Mis
sion-street wharf there was an anxious
crowd awaitinp: her. Friends and rela
tives wore there and some of them
broke down when their last hope was
gone. Captain Anderson's sister-in-law
was among the number. His widow
was at home prostrated by the news
that her husband was among the miss
ing. When the sister learned that Cap
tain Anderson was undoubtedly
drowned she fainted away and had to
be carried "to a hack and sent home. A
few minutes later the survivors of the
Chilkat disaster started for the agenfs
office on California street to dra^ some
of their pay and the crowd that had
assembled to see them land drifted
away in search of another sensation.
NO MORE BODIES
YET RECOVERED
EUREKA, April s.— No bodies haye
yet been recovered from the Chilkat.
In the opinion of the life-saving crew
it is doubtful If they will ever come
ashore. The beach is still covered with
wreckage and valuable pieces of cargo:
The cargo, which was one of the lar
gest and most valuable yet taken from
this bay by her, is practically a total
loss. It consisted of 435,000 shingles,
8660 -feet of lumber, 106 boxes of butter,
M cases condensed milk, 60 cases con
densed cream, 20 boxes apples. 8 sacks
tallow, 40 bundles hides and 2 bundles
furs, besides a quantity of mis
cellaneous freight. Considerable of
the butter and some of the condensed
mik and cream has already come
ashore, but the greater part of it has
been carried off by the salvers. The
butter, it is understood, was shipped
principally by the Riverside creameries,
while the milk and cream came from
the factory at Loleta. The shingles
were shipped from the Baird mill.
The wreck now lies about a mile
north of North Jetty at tow tide. This
morning it was high and dry. Ap
parently all the steamers upper works
had been carried away, and nothing
now remains but her original low hull
turned bottomside up, and out of which
it is believed the machinery has
dropped. Still there is a possibility
that there may be a body or two be
neath these planks, and to-morrow it is
the intention of the life-savers to cut
a hole in the bottom of the hull and
make an exploration of its interior.
Public sentiment here is strong that
the Government, should award medals
to Miss Lillian Shumway. Mrs. Captain
Hennig and Mrs. McLean, who, with
Rev. P. E. Peterson, rescued the three
men on the beach. Medals should be
awarded to these three women, who at
the risk of their own lives rushed into
the breakers and dragged three men
from the very jaws of death.
The Standard says to-night edi
torially :
If pome criminal negligence is not
chargeable to the officers whose duty
it ■was to inspect the Chilkat and see
that she had proper boats, life pre
servers and other appliances for sav
ing life in case <>f shipwreck, then we
are badly misinformed. The life pre
b< rvers which came ashore were
water-logged and one of them was a
good load for a man to lift. Instead
of cork, the manufacturer had used
tules, which absorbed water and soon
became absolutely worthless in the
water. "Who inspected these life pre
servers an i placed the Government
apprrval upon them? Such appliances
are worse than none, and it should
be considered criminal negligence en
the part of Government officials whose
duty it is to protect life and property
on the seas, as far as possible, by
feeing that such equipments are relia
ble, to phs<s them and allow nv:i to
perish with one of these sodden loads
around his body. Some one should
answer to the Government for this
criminal negligence, to call it no
worse.
COMMENT AND NEWS OF
ACTORS AND SINGERS
The Bostonians are making out a big ;
week with "The Serenade." Next week '
will be the. last of their season with
"Robin Hood" for the bill.
The Tivoli operatic spectarle, "Beauti- !
ful Goldenlocks," is rapidly getting Into !
first-class shape and seems destined for a |
; long run.
The Southwell company at the Grand
: will continue all week in "The Black Hub-
Mr," a most creditable production. Mon
day night will witness an elaborate re
vival of "The Queen's Lace Handker
chief."
! At the Alcazar "The Charity Ball" will i
i be retired with the closing of the week i
lin favor of a revival of "Humbug, " a
' Roland Reed comedy that was very sue- !
I cessful at this house last season.
The California reopens on the 17th mat.
with the Rays— Emma and Johnnie— in j
"A Hot Old Tlme.'J
Marshal Wilder, Kara the juggler, and i
Josephine Gassman and her coon prodi
gies are big hits in a remarkably strong !
bill at the Orpheum.
Agnes Herndon and the Eastern stock
company are pleasing the patrons of the !
Alhambra in a melodrama named "Mar- :
ried. Not Mated."
The amateur Trilby dance will be re
peated at the Chutes this e%-ening. Joe. I
! Pally and Congo have made a Slamistic
hit in vaudeville.
Saver will give recitals at the Grand ;
Opera-house on the afternoons of April i
19 and 21. The prices range from II to $3. |
Rosenthal plays in the same theater the
week following at cut prices.
■ ♦ •
CHINESE GAMBLING FINES.
The Police Judges Meet but Fail to !
Agree Upon a Uniform Course.
In view of the confusion as to fines im- i
posed upon Chinese gamblers a meeting !
of the. Police Judges was held yesterday :
morning to discuss whether it would not !
be advisable to agree upon a definite i
course of action so that the fines would
be uniform. The matter was discussed :
pro and con, but no agreement was
reached and each Judge will Inflict tines ]
according to his own judgment.
It was pointed out at the meeting that i
the evidence, particularly in the fantan i
cases, was. as a rule, altogether lacking, i
and in that case it was belter to impose
a fine of $5 or $10, which would go into
the city treasury, rather than impose a
heavy fine and have the case appealed
and the judgment set aside by the Su
perior Court, a? has been the result in
numerous instances.
As it was believed that the Judges
would hold office only for thiF year, the
term of the presiding Judge was reduced
to three months so that each would have
the honor, and Judge Graham will be the
presiding Judge for the next three
months.
To Curs a Cold i:: One Day
Take L«x.-ul\i- llronio Quinine Tablets. All
druggists rofurjd ihe money If It falls to cure.
We 'She Kcnuio* has U b. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUK»L>AX\ Ai^KJLL 6, 1899.
THE STARBUCK
WILL NOT BE
A TOTAL LOSS
She Has Been Got
Off the Rocks.
IS ON HER WAY TO PANAMA
AFTER TEMPORARY REPAIRS
SHE ..'ILL COME HERE.
Alaska Packers' Association's Flag
on the Front — Repairs to the Bat
tleship lowa Nearly
\ Finished.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Peru arrived from Panama and way
ports last Tuesday nigflt, with tw«lve
cabin and seven steerage pal
When the Starbuck went on the unchart
ed rock near Tiger Island it was
th<= Peru that was sent to her assist
ance. At that time it was given out
that the Starbuck would be a total loss,
but the officers of the Peru say the story
was grossly exaggerated and that the
vessel has been got off and will be in
Panama in a few days. A hole was stove
in her bottom, but after the other com
partments had been made ■water-tight the
vessel was got off and beached. The
hole was then patched up and the Star
buck started for Panama. On her arri
val at that point temporary repairs will
t>e made and the steamer will then come
on here for a thorough overhauling
Captain George Ankers of the scnooner
Oceania Vance is still missing, and his
mends have about given him up tor
dead. The supposition Is that when mak
ing his way down Long Wharf, Oakland,
to his vessel last Friday night he fell be
tween the stringers and was drowned.
In many places Long "Wharf Is not
boarded, and in order to get past the
railroad cars a foot passenger has to do
some work similar to walking railroad
ties.
P. Martin, a longshoreman, was seri
ously injured on the United States collier
Brutus yesterday. A lump of coal fell on
his hand and crushed the middle fin
ger in such a manner that at the Har
bor Receiving Hospital Dr. Himmcls
bach had to amputate it. The first linger
was also fractured, but the doctor saved
The repairs to the battleship lowa are
nearly completed and the warship will
come back to her old anchorage off Fol-
Bom-street wharf in a day or two From
here she will go to Port Orchard to go
on the drydock, after which she will pro
ceed to Manila to join Admiral Dewey's I
fleet.
I he fish-tailed house flag of the Alaska
Packers Association is seen at every
available wharf, and never before in the
history of this port have so many ves
sels been loading for a single firm 'at the
same time. At HtJward-street wharf are
the barks "W. \V. Case and Electra, at
Howard bulkhead the steamer Kadiak
at Folsom-street wharf the ships Two
Brothers, Santa Clara, Oriental and tile
barks Nicolas Thayer and Merom; at
rolsom bulkhead the steamers Collis and
Karluk: at Harrison bulkhead the steam
er Elsie; at Harrison-street wharf the
ship Invincible; at Steuart-street wharf
the ship Indiana; at Main-street wharf
the ships Bohemia and Sintram, and at
r remont-strc-t-t wharf the ship Lewellyn
J. Morse and the bark Coryphene— a to
tal of seventeen vessels.
Aft soon as the dock room can be ob
tained the following vessels will begin
loading: The steamers President and
Gertie Storey, the barkentme Willie R
Hume and the ships St. Nicholas and W
H. Macy.
There are four Sikhs from India on
the steamer Nippon Maru that the Immi
gration Commissioner does not know
what to do with. They want to enter this
country to reddle a lot of silk that -they
have brought from China. The duty oo
the goods, however, will take all their
available cash and more besides, and the
Commissioner is afraid that when ti.e
silks are sold the Sikhs may become a
public charge. Nearly every one of th< ■
natives is a soldier :n the "British Indian
army, and the supposition is that these
are deserters. One Of them talks Eng
lish ar.d he has a discharge from me
array, hm the others have nothing to '
show whither they came or where they
arc going. They are a magnificent quar
tet of men, each one being over 6 feet
high and built like athietes.
The German bark J. C. Pfluger got
away for Liverpool yesterday. Captain
Hoever had been down with the grip
and on that account the vessel was de
tained in the stream since last Thuit
He was almost well again yesterday.
Died of His Injuries.
Louis Robohm, a teamster residing at
112 Morris avenue, died yesterday from
the effects of injuries received a few days
ago by accidentally falling out of his
wagon. He was a native of Germany.
22 years old, and left a widow and chil
dren.
Coroner Hill was convinced that Rob
ohm's death was accidental and allowed
the body to remain at the residence. No
autopsy will ba Jield, • '^,
SEA LIONS TO
BE DESTROYED
BY OFFICIALS
Vast Herds Injure the
Fish Trade.
ROOKERIES TO BE RAIDED
GAME COMMISSIONERS BELIEVE
IT IS NECESSARY.
The Views of Commercially Interest
ed Parties Will Be Obtained at
a Special Meeting to Be
Held Soon.
The State Board of Fish and Game
Commissioners are seriously contemplat
ing a raid upon the great herds of sea
Hone along the coast for the purpose of
reducing the number. This subject was
liberally discussed at the meeting of the
board yesterday and the sentiment was
that these animals are getting- too numer
ous for the good of the fishing industry
of the coast. Secretary Babcock called
attention to the vast number of sea lions
scattered the entire length of the coast
and their destructive habits. From what
he can learn an able-bodied se/i lion de
stroys from 100 to 200 pounds of salmon
every day during the run of these fish
to the spawning grounds. When the num
bers of these beasts are taken into con
sideration the loss of fish must be greater
than all that is taken for the canneries
and consumed in the State.
Commissioner Vogelsang stated that the
sea lion has no commercial value and
consequently has been permitted to mul
tiply until the numbers are so great at
all of the rookeries that the time has
come for the commission to take some ac
tion. The average weight of these ani
mals is about 1500 pounds, but there are
not a few of the old males that will turn
the scales at two tons. Reports from the
pilots and captains of coasting vessels
show that the shores north and south of
here and at the Farallones are alive with
the useless creatures. When the salmon,
whirh the State and nation are propa
gating at great expense at the several
hatcheries on the coast, start to run to
the spawning grounds the sea lions hast
en to the bays and rivers in large num
bers and many big fellows have been
keen as far up as Sacramento destroying
tho spawn-laden fish. The fishermen of
the bay and rivers have good cause to
complain. One of the creatures will kill
every fish in the nets in less than five
minutes and every year they destroy
hundreds of dollars' worth of^valuable
nets.
When the run is on tho pea lion does
not eat all of the fish he kills, his favorite
amusement being to kill by biting a
piece out of each fish and leaving the re
mainder for the seagulls.
Commissioner Gould emphasized the
that if the destruction of these ani
mals Is decided upon none must be
touched near tho seal rocks, as the law
protects these. In order to secure a gen
eral opinion it was decided to call a spe
cial meeting: in the near future, to which
will be invited all interested in the matter
of the destruction or preservation of the
useless sea lion. Nearly all of the promi
nent fish packers and fishermen, as well
as the professors at the colleges, will be
asked to bo present and give their views
of the proposition to- reduce the herds
within fifty miles of this city, barring
at the Cliff. It is conceded that all
commercially interested -will turn their
thumbs to the ground on the proposition
and pass the sentence of death upon the
creatures that destroy such vast quanti
ties of food fish.
LABORS OF THE GRAND
LODGE OF WORKMEN
IMPOETANT LAW AFFECTING
SUSPENDED MEMBERS.
Considerable business was transacted at
yesterday's t-ession of the Grand Lodge
of the Ancient Order of United Work
men.
There was the adoption of an amend
ment offered by J. T. Kidd of Eureka Val
ley Lodge, which enables suspended mem
bers to be reinstated after physical exami
nation on payment of only one assessment
in arrears and the pending assessment at
the time of readmission; one to pension
members who have attained the age of
70 years was defeated; one authorizing
lodges to meet but once a month If so de
sired was defeated; two referring to the
duties of financiers notifying the grand
recorders of members who have not paid
on the last day of grace was rejected, as
the matter is already fully covered; one
on the subject of reapportionlng the num
ber of representatives to the Grand Lodge
was defeated; one to levy more than one
assessment at a time, but not to exceed
twelve in a year, with a view to accel
erate payments to beneficiaries, was re
jected; and one relative to reinstatements
after final suspension, offered by R. D.
bfapleden of Fort Jones Lodge, was not
accepted, as the same idea was covered
by tin> Kidd amendment.
The recommendation of the finance com
mittee that the report of the grand re
i order from pages 42 to 52, and that of the
grand receiver, be adopted was carried.
The action of the grand master in de
ciding against the appeal of M. Mauer
ham of Occidental Lodge in the matter of
sick benefits, and of Robert Calvert
against Mount Hamilton Lodge in the
matter of obtaining a withdrawal card
upon surrender of his beneficiary certifi
cate, were sustained.
The appeals of J. R. Fishbeck against
Harmony Lodge and Henry W. Leonard
against Weaver Lodge were referred back
to the lodges, as the papers were not in
proper form. The case of Butler of Sac
ramento Lodge was referred to the com
mittee on arbitration.
The committee's report on honored dead,
with a eulogy of the services of the late
Past Grand Master Brewer, was adopted
by a rising vote.
The report of the special committee to
which was referred the report of the
finance committee recommended that the
estimated expenses be reduced from $9000
to $6000, that the per capita be fixed at
$1 60 instead of $1 75 and that the number |
of special deputies be reduced to three
with an allowance of $1800 each, to in
clude salary and expenses, also the rec
ommendation of a committee on exten
sion was made the special order for 10:30
o'clock this morning.
In the evening a number of the repre
sentatives accepted the invitation of
Unity Lodge to he present in B. B. Hall
at an entertainment and ball, and others
visited Shiels building, wh.ere the de
gree of Honor had an exhibition of the
degree work by the Ivy drill team and a
reception to the representatives to the
Degree of Honor Grand Lodge.
Degree of Honor.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of
Honor held its initial meeting in Shasta
; Hall. Native Sons' building, yesterday
! with Mrs. Evelyn F. Mayon, grand chief
of honor, in the chair. The grand offi
cers were all at their stations and there
were present about ninety representa
tives.
The reports of the grand officers were
submitted and subsequently adopted and
the Grand Lodge degree was conferred on
thirty-eight past chiefs of honor.
The" report of the committee on laws
amending the constitution was adopted.
There were a number of • minor changes.
The most important change is that here
after the usher and inside and outside
watch shall be appointed Instead of
elected.
To-day the Grand Lodge will elect its
officers for. the ensuing year.
The reports show that during the year
ten new lodges were instituted, that there
are now forty-six lodges in the State
: with -a membership of 1592. as against 1344
i last xetu:. ,
LEES DEFENDS
THE COURSE OF
SERGEANT PRICE
That Phantom "'Sack"
in Chinatown.
COMMISSION DEFERS ACTION
GUNST OPPOSED TO THE
"WHITE DEVIL."
The Latter Pays His Respects to
Esoia, Who He Says, Is
Quite Devoid of
Brains.
After an animated meeting which lasted
over three hours the Police Commission-
era last evening practically exculpated
Sergeant Price and his squad of corrup
tion in Chinatown.
For some time past rumors of Chinese
gamblers being compelled to pay tribute
to the police in order to continue running
their games have been circulated for the
purpose of injuring Sergeant Price, so it
was claimed. The whispered mutter
ings of corruption reached the ears of the
Police Commissioners, who ordered Chief
10N MACLAREN Holds a Levee at the Palace Hotel.
Lees to make an investigation. Yester
day he notified President Tobin that he
was ready to report and a meeting was
called for last night. After the routine
business had been transacted Commis
sioner Gunst. whose antipathy for Price
dates back to over a year ago when he
arrested one of Gunst's friends for ob
structing the street, arose and referred
to the rumors of a "sack" in Chinatown.
"If Price and his men have accepted
money from the Chinese gamblers," he
remarked with an apparent show of in
dignation, "I'm In favor of dismissing
them from tho forco. Rumors of corrup
tion among the squad in Chinatown have
been current, and it behooves us to make
a thorough investigation."
Gunst then had the clerk cf the board
read several communications from Chi
nese gamblers in which the -writers de
clared that money was being used to al
low certain games to run.
Chief Lees defended the course of Price
and declared that the Chinese were anx
ious to get rid of him because he was
Inexorable in his prosecution of the law
against lottery and fan-tan. Commission
ers TobLn and Alvord, after listening to
the reports which were read by the Chief
and which were not given to the press?,
after a consultation with Commissioner
Gunst, ordered the head of the Police De
partment to further continue his investi
gation and report to them at the next
meeting.
During th.c so-called investigation,
which was held with closed doors, Ser
geant Price and his squad remained in
the corridor contiguous to the meeting
room of the Commissioners, anxiously
awaiting the verdict. Price seemed to
think that he was to be sacrificed for no
other reason than that he was in the
way of Lieutenant Esola, Who is anxious,
he says, of having him relieved of duty
in Chinatown.
"This is a diabolical scheme to get rid of
me.." he. said. "Esola. anxious to run
Chinatown to suit himself, has conceived
the bold plan of accusing me of accepting
money from the gamblers in order to
carry out his purpose. I am no pinhead
policeman, ana I defy even my superiors
to pay that I am not thoroughly acquaint
ed with police duty. It is different with
Esola, whose ambition iB to be Chief of
Police.
"He poses as an officer far above the
rank and file of the department. There
is one thing n> lacks, however, which is
patent to every man in the depeartment,
and that i 6 brains. Always anxious to
throw dirt on me, he waits until myself
and men are out of Chinatown, and, sum
moning his officers, he picks out an easy
game and with a great flourish of trum
pets raids it. Only recently he raided a
fan-tan game and failing to get the nec
essary evidence he sent for an expert,
who opened the safe. In it he found
about $4000. which he booked as evidence
against the unfortunate Chinese who
were present. The principal gamblers of
Chinatown unhesitatingly declare that
at a recent raid Esola was supplied with
beans, such as are used in playing fan
tan, and being unable to obtain any evi
dence against the gamblers he substi
tuted the beans and arrested the gang.
He had the audacity to book the beans
he had taken into the place as evidence
against the Imprisoned CTilnese. I don't
want to tell too much, but if he drives
me too hard I will tell all I know. My
report, which is in the hanfls of the Chief
of Police, clearly proves that I am inno
cent of the charge of corruption.
"I do not propose to have- my honesty
impeached by such a man as Esola, and
I demand a thorough investigation. My
men were present ready to testify, but
for some reason the Commissioners did
not conclude to call them. This matter,
as far as I am concerned, will be thor
oughly sifted, and at the conclusion
Esola will be shown in his true colors. He
has injured me enough. He must quit."
When Price was told of the verdict of
the Commissioners he was warmly con
gratulated by his fellow officers in whom
he is held in high esteem.
Yosemite Valley,
Via Inspiration Point, now open for tour
ists. Roads in excellent condition. Now
Is the time, to see. Yosemlte stages run
daily. Sleeping car to Raymond com
mencing April 9. Office S. P. Co., 613 Mkt.*
Child Study Club.
Professor Walter Magee of the State
University will speak on ."Physical Cul
mre" at 3 o'clock Friday afternoon at the
Occidental Hotel. All Interested are in
vited to attend..
IAN MACLAREN
SAN FRANCISCO
Noted Author at the
California.
READ FROM HIS STORIES
DRUMTOCHTY TALES PLEASED
THE AUDIENCE.
The Celebrated Scotch Writer-Divine
Presented by President David
Starr Jordan of Stan
ford.
The Rev. James Watson, better known
this side of the Kirkyard as lan
Maclaren, made his initial bow last night
at the California Theater to a San Fran
cisco audience. In some respects he is
disappointing, but invariably pleasantly.
In others he far exceeded the expecta
tions of his hearers, who, sad to say,
were fewer than the man and the occa
sion warranted.
The annalist of Drumtochty would never
be taken for a preacher. He has that cut
of the jib and some of that spread of
Bide whiskers so intimately connected
with Chauncey M. Depew. The smugness
of feature also associated with America's
greatest after-dinner speaker Is notice
able in the make-up of the author-minis
ter. His voice, charming: naturally. Is ab
solutely entrancing when he puts into It
the burr one would expect who has read
his tales of Scots life. It clothes the lan
guage of each character for whom it
speaks with the charm of life. It com
pels tears and forces laughter. It is
easily modulated and never breaks and,
more than all, its possessor did not find
it necessary during the whole course of
the evening, to lubricate it from the
pitcher or water so largely in evidence
in this country with the lecture platform.
Tpon President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University fell the honor of in
troducing the famous readpr. That he did
It feelingly and well goes without pay
ing the audience venting its approval in
loud handclappings. Then it settled back
in its seat to near the voice of the author
— —————— ——^—— —^——— — — » — — — — — — —^— — — — — — — — i^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WELSBACH PATENTS SUSTAINED
•••JLS jr •••
COURT OF APPEALS.
, » 1., <S>o3>o4>o<»o<so3> ,
Judge Shipman, in the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals, has rendered a de-
cision finally sustaining the Welsbach Com-
pany's patent.
Every manufacturer, seller or user of in-
candescent gas lights other than the Welsbach
is, in view of this decision, an infringes
All infringers will be proceeded against at
once. We again caution the public against
the purchase of an incandescent mantle other
than that made and sold by the Welsbach
Company or its agents.
Every genuine Welsbach lamp has the
trade mark, "Welsbach," conspicuously printed
upon the package and upon the burner itself.
For sale by all first-class dealers in gas
appliances. . .
take on the familiar tones of his creat
ures. For the best part of two hours it
listened while he read. For most of the
time it was in a mild state of titillation
at his humor; at intervals it laughed out
right, and then, again, it mentally blew
its nose as the minister did in "The Fight
With Death" to hide the welling tear.
In the selections chosen last evening Dr.
Watson sought to portray three traits
conspicuous in the Scotch character: Love
of learning, secret romance and regard of
duty. To illustrate these traits he read
"The Lad of Perth" and passages from
the tales dealing with "Dr. MacC'.urV
"Jerrrr.y Sooter" and "Posty."
"There are only two things." he read,
"that a Scotsman really does regard with
rbsolute reverence. One. is everything
that belongs to pure religion; the other is
pure knowledge.
"To the Scotsman, a professor is a
heavenly body charged with Greek and
Latin and mathematics and philosophy.
"Ilka scholar is something added to tht*
riches of a commonwealth.
And so on. he read, until those who ha
not r*ad his books must have been gl;,
they had been given this insight int
them; and those who had were sin.
and gratified how the dialect wag so muc
pleafanter to hear rolling .rom h
charmed lips than to contemplate in hia
b °Before concluding. Dr. .Watson
something to say generally about tn«
characters in his books In »£gtaiM.
he remarked, "they said m> ehara
were too good to live. In Amein, you
religious papers, some of which have beeu
forwardelto me. said they were no -Rood
enough to go into a family. That sbowa
that in this country, in point of moiaUt,
—or its expression— your information is
higher than ours." . y
Dr. Watson will give a reading at tne
California Theater this evening
Others of his stories.
WELCOMED THE AUTHOR.
•'lan Maclaren" the Guest of the St.
Andrew's Society.
Dr. Watson (lan Maclaren) was the
guest of honor at a luncheon given by the
St. Andrew's Society yesterday at noon
In the maple hall of the Palace Hotel.
\ feature of the entertainment was the
many expressions of cordial welcome ex
tended to the distinguished visitor.
Among those who made addresses were
Rev Dr. H. C Minton, Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean Rev. Dr. Mackenzie. Rev. Dr. John
Hemphill, Professor Joseph Le Conte ami
Mayor Phelan. Dr. Watson respond.
feelingly to the pleasant words of sin
cere greeting:. , . ,
Those who were present at the luncheon
were:
George C. Adams, Key. Ira M. Condit. Wil
liam Alexander, -orge D. Cooper. \Y Utam
Angus, F. B. Cherington, William Alvord.
William Craig. J. E. Baker. William A. Oald
well. Charles A. Bailey, L. F. Cockroft, C. G.
Buck C. K. Clark, F. S. Brush. L. H. Cary,
S D Brastow, A. Cameron, William Balnare?,
D. Edward Collins, Robert Bruce. G. 'U .
Dickie, F. A. Berkin. 8. W. Dennis, Rev H.
H. Bell, Rev. E. R. Dille, E. E. \ an Buskirk.
R<*v H H Dobbinß. Edward A. Belcher. Rev.
Thomas F. Day. Harry T. Creswell, William
Doxev Fred A. Doane, George Davidson, Hor
ace Davis, S. H. Friedlander, A. B. Forbes,
Samuel Foster, David Farquharson, E. G.
Frieble, A. W. Foster, George D. Gray, Rich
ard Gratto, J. O. Griffln, Rev. J. D. Hammond.
t> W Hnrsburgh, Rev. John Hemphill, David
Hewes, W. H. Hathaway, William B. Har
rington, Samuel Haslett. John L. Howard.
James Horeburgh Jr., David James, 6. P.
Johnpon, A. S. .TohnFon, John H. Kerr, George
T Klink. Professor Joseph Le Conte, Warren
H Landon, W. S. Matthews, Dr. William B.
May. Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton. William Mo-
Murray. Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean, H. M. J.
McMichael, H. J. McCoy, F. H. McConnell,
George B. McDougall, I>r. J. T. McDonald,
Dr M. J. McN'utt. A. 11. Mac Donald. Rev.
Dr. E. McCliEh, James McN'ab, T. M. Me.
Lachlan. John D. McGilvray, Daniel McPheo,
Daniel Mrl.eo.l, R. A. McLean, C. P. wash,
William Ni<J6l, Joseph Nash. Major Pond.
James D. Phelan, George H. Palmer. Rev. B.
W. Perry, C. G. Paterson, J. W. Quick. John
Reid, A. J. Ralston. E. V. Robbins. Arthur
Rodgers, Alex Rops, J. W. Richards, Don
ald F. Smith. W. F. Southart, James Scobie.
E. B. Spalding. E. P. Vining. W. R. Vickery,
O. F. Yon Rhein, Robert Watt, Rolla V. Watt,
J. M. Whitworth.
The committee that had charge of the
entertainment was composed of Dr. Mln
ton. Dr. Hemphill. H. McMichael. James
S. Webster. James McXab. Samuel Irv
ing, D. Edward Collins, John McLaren
and Andrew Wilkie.
TO ABATE NUISANCES.
The Board of Health held a special
meeting last evening for the purpose of
transacting: accumulated routine busi
ness. - ■ ■ ■ r ' ■■".'.- ■ ■;
A number of complaints about the un
sanitary condition of Japanese bath
houses were read. Health Officer O'Brien
stated that it was his intention to close
all such bathhouses which do not comply
with the sanitary plumbing laws of the
Health Department.
A complaint read about the nui
sance created by the existence of a cat
tle corral at N street south and Thir
teenth avenue south brought forth a res
olution by Dr. Fitsgibbon condemning
the property. The resolution was unan
imously adopted.
Dr. Bazet presented a report from Dr.
Kellogg in which it is shown that the
beds at the City and County Hospital are
a culture place for all forms of bacteria.
On motion it was recommended that thft
Board of Supervisors be petitioned to
build a sterilizer for the purpose of dis
infecting the beds in a proper manner.
Health Officer O'Brien suggested that
some provision should be made by quar
antine fumigation to prevent the sprc-ad
of cerebro spinal meningitis. He said
the number of death's from this disease
had increased from four in October to
fifteen in February.THE CHARLESTON
DRIVES REBELS
FROM DAGUPAN
MANILA, April 6, 10:40
A. M.— The United States
cruiser Charleston, which has
cruising along the west
: of Luzon, to the north, sent
a boat in shore near Dagupan
Saturday to make soundings.
The rebels opened fire, wounding
a United States officer.
The cruiser thereupon bom
ed the town, the insurgents
evacuating it.
THE PROCLAMATION
WEAKENS REBELS
There Are Persistent Rumors at Ma-
nila That General Luna Has
Displaced Aguinaldo.
MANILA, April s.— The proclamation
of the United States Philippine Com
mission was posted in the streets,
printed in English, Spanish and Ta
pailo to-day. It was also distributed
In the outside towns as far as Malolos
and has been received with marked at
tention by the natives generally and
approved by. a number of representa
tive Manilanp.
English b.ink.rs here who have been
Interviewed on ill- subje< t are optimis
tic upon the atl the Americans.
- ihat the derisive
policy will und -'ul.
A Spanish I ho was Inter
viewi that the procla-
Lch tho masses con
. i.- ai!s«\ he ex
a a 1 Manila are
1 clerks who hßve
• ions and the wire pull-
Ity have undoubted
:. <"'ontinuing the Span
• said that if the proclama-
I on May 2. or even
tr, the result would
■ as, in his opinion.
: on twenty years' experience, the
MISS SLOANE IS
HAMMOND'S BRIDE
Fashionable Wedding in
St. Bartholomew's.
Special Dispatch to Th« Ca.ll.
NEW YORK. April s.— With all the
ceremony that characterizes
h weddings, Miss Emily Vander- I
i ter of Mr. and Mrs.
Will: las f-'loane, was married
»i H. Hammond to-day at noon
Bartholomew's Church. Not
nding the expressed desire of j
: and her family for a quiet!
ling, the avenue for a block in j
■ direction from the* church held |
hrong which threatened
tnes to prevent the arrival of
•>' carriages. In order to relieve
rush, the police drove the crowd
to the block above the church
k below, thus leaving
treel clear in front of the en
nce.
At 11 a. m. guests hreran to arrive,
efore the approach of the
; party the church was crowded
guests Btood in the aisles. The
four front pews on either side of the j
: \\.-r-- reserved for the members I
ami bridegroom's fam- !
i! that no one at- j
tempted to give, the arch of smilax |
the huge wedding bell in which tho
i stand was not in place i
arch was hastily put ud
the bell adjusted to one side to bal
it.
thf> wedding music from
"Lohengrin" was heard when one of
(1 the workmen to
take down both arch and belL This
done just a few sec, nils before
her father and her attend- ,
tered. They knew nothing of ■
had happened. The bridegroom
brother, Ogden Hammond.
were waiting at th" altar. The maid of
.Miss Llla Vanderbilt Sloane. !
r of the bride.
Interior of the church was
adorned with roses, lilies and garlands
met 1 leaves and sniilax. while
palms and azaleas added beauty. The
rble pillars were hidden by
s bound with lilies and
upon the capitals of each column were j
»f white Easter flowers. |
.At tl i rail there was a p.>lid i
bunk i f azaleas and lilies in shades of j
The lecturn, nulnlt
hoir stalls wore wound with rones
urel and lilies, while beyond was a
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
■ ■ S ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■"*"
" NOW HE'S STRONG!
i .-. .
a :
J*?*** "What a delight to know that you
£■1 rai^Blk have regained your old vigor; to feel
■ BF^Hh again, as you used to, the warm blood
• Wf flowing through your veins, to note the
■ Iv \ sparkle in your eye and the firmness
' I j of your nerves and muscles. It makes
™ [ i a man happy, makes him see every-
jg ( ■] thing in a bright light and makes life
1 )i a pleasure.
" \3f if p ce l s j en y ears Younger.
?f\C\-"'\r SODAVILLE, Nev., March 14, 1599.
[ $&''£&■ DR. M. A.' Mclaughlin,
" V' Jwt&amLt ■ Dear Sir: l have been wearing your
■ Vwj^rjSi Belt about three months and am well
W fe/^S^«&W satisfied with the results. I feel at least
' fM^-K^^^bk. ten >' ears younger than I did before I
□ *T^''r ' T^ commenced wearing It, and would advise
' ' Mxir .~rls any one who has the tired feeling which
■ jjenx. JMLi^jfi^ faitf age brings to get one of your Belts.
I raPmi^|is^*^??-s MA Yours respectfully,
m %■ i b3B£y jhCil s. m. booker.
i *^jgffTjffi|l3r' AP "Electricity Is life." If you are weak
■ B^^■■E—- . teS? ■ ■ try Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It Will
iL E9^ t^^ restore the old energy and make you
■ f?"'^ feel like a new man.
■ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, SEnD won MY ok,
Q 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. "TMKEE CLASSES OF MEN."
Or?U^r^ra.^ O % d o W tf,o^' m An^rda^ "" '* FHEE
m 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
■ 1-IHHIJ-HHI-Hhi -■-■-■-■-«-■-■-«-■-■-
CASUALTIES
AT MANILA
9 — o
6 TVASHIXGTON, April s.—The ♦
i casualties in the Philippines «
+ from February 4to April 4, 1899, q
O Inclusive, as reported to the +
4- adjutant general are: O
5 Killed '• 184 Z
q Wounded 976 ±
O Totaf 1,160 6
only argument which appeals to the
masses here is the gun.
The editor of Oceania thinks the
proclamation is the most politic docu
ment ever published in the Philippine
Islands, and that it is bound to con
vince the wavering of the folly of fur
ther hostilities.
An English merchant says the first
clause with reference to the establish
ment and maintenance of American
sovereignty and warning the rebels
should settle the question In the minds
of evpry thinking: Filipino.
A Scotch shinowner thinks it does not
leave any further doubt as to the policy
of the United States, and that, conse
quently, Aguinaldo must submit to the
Inevitable, as the continuance of hos
tilities is opposed to the best interests
of the Philippines.
There are persistent rumors to-day
that Aguinaldo. the Insurgent leader,
has been supplanted in the control of
Filipino affairs by General Antonio
Luna, commander in chief of the Fili
pino forces. Luna is known as a typi
cal belligerent.
AMERICANS SCORED
BY AN ILOILO MERCHANT
VANCOUVER. B. C, April s.—Sam
uel Murray, a Scotch merchant, who
resided for eleven years In the Philip
pines, and was present at the fall of
Hollo, arrived here on the Empress of
Japan to-day, one month from the seat
of war. He scored the Americans un
TEN-CENT BANQUET
ON JEFFERSON DAY
Tacoma Reformers Prepare a
. Spread to Rjval That of
th)e Upper Ten.
0 TACOMA, April 5. — Washington Democrats are Imitating: their New $
$ York brethren. The State organization and local Democrats of the Rich- J.
■£ ard Croker stripe have arranged for a Jeffersonian banquet to be held j.
q at Tacoma Hotel on April 13 at 51 a plate. Governor. Rogers, Congress- £
5 men Lewis and Jones and prcrbably Senator Turner will be present. '1
3; Other reformers belonging to the Populist branch of the "reform" X
0 party claim to be shocked at so lavish a display as will require an out- 6
/* lay of $1 a plate. Arrangements were accordingly completed to-day for 2
X another Jeffersonian banquet, to be held the same evening. It will be
0 called an "every-day" banquet and the tariff will be 10 cents a plate, q
± This banquet is being promoted by the Spirit of the Tinies, a reform •£
§This banquet Is being promoted by the Spirit of the Times, a reform ••
% paper, which declares editorially: * V
& "A large number of workingmen, recognizing the ridiculousness of . £
$ attempting to observe 'Jeffersonian simplicity" at $1 a plate, and further ♦
knowing that $1 for one meal is something that the most wildly ex- 9
$% travagant wageworker never dreamed of in his nightmare of possible £
2 prosperity, it can only be honest to exemplify Jeffersonian principles on •*>
§ the exact basis of every-day conditions, they have decided to meet in a 9
O. social gathering on the evening of April 13 and discuss some of the &
£ truths enunciated by Jefferson." ♦
q, The menu of the lucent banquet will inculde: •
9 • ' Soup. O
X Beef broth «■ la cattle trust (not bo sloppy as the wave- of prosperity). «■
V Fish. p
X Baked Ling Cod. (The fish trust be darned.) *j
% Meats. (pOB V
0 Porlf and Beans. (By permission of Armour.) £
% Corned Beef (not embalmed) and Cabbage. <&
6 Liver or Bacon and Onions a la M. C. Hanna. C>
bank of lilies and palms. Two great
palms, thirty feet high, flanked the
altar and Jars of roses varied the louse
Easter flowers upon the altar.
More than 300 guests followed the
newly wedded couple to the home of
the bride's parents for the retention
; and the breakfast. Soon after 2 o'clock
Mr. and Mrs. Hammond were driven to
the Grand Central station, whence a
special car took them to Lenox, where
they will spend the honeymoon.
YOUNG VANDERBILT
km HIS BRIDE
NEW YORK, April s.— William K. Van
derbilt Jr and his bride are domiciled in
th- apartments at Idle Hour, Long
Islam!, occupied by the Duke and Duch
ess of Marlborough when they were hero
during their honeymoon. After breakfast
to-day Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt strolled
about the grounds, but did not appear to
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1899.
mercifully and said that, owing to the
criminal unreadiness of the forces after
the fall of Iloilo, it was impossible to
overawe the rebels, and, because of sev
eral flagrant breaches of faith, impos
sible to conciliate them. Murray said:
"General Miller gave all the Consuls
in the city warning that unless Iloilo
were given up within a certain time
he would bombard. Twenty-four hours
before the given time he opened fire,
not giving the foreign residents time
to take care of themselves. This
breach of faith on the American gen
eral's part turned foreign residents
against the army and undoubtedly pro
longed the war.
"The American forces, I know from
personal observation, are terribly mis
managed, but this is partly, due to the
slow arrival of Instructions from Wash
ington. The rebels are wretchedly
armed, and with prompt action on the
part of the American generals could
long ago have been subdued. Now the
war will last at least another year, and
it will require at least 50,000 more
troops to conquer the rebels.
"I heard definitely just before I took
the steamer at Manila that General
Otis was to be recalled. The reason for
his recall I could not learn, but I heard
from one of the officers that he would
shortly return home.
"The stories that the Americans
slaughtered women and children are all
rot.
"With forty-nine other foreigners. I
undertook to advise General Miller be
fore the fight at Iloilo. Had he not
broken faith, there would have been
no bloodshed. I am thoroughly con
vinced that if the American troops had
been landed immediately after the de
struction of the Spanish fleet there
would have been no land battle. I have
interviewed most of the rebel leaders
and know they are determined, able
men, fighting hopelessly. Aguinaldo is
a weakling and not a true leader. He
leans more to surrender than any of
his men. Montenegre is the born leader
and the general that is the true leader,
and he aione is repsonsible for the con
tinuance of the rebellion.
"The foreign powers will be heard
from if the war lasts much longer. Ow
ing to General Miller's action they are
very antagonistic. In the northern part
of the islands business is ruined and
many of the foreigners are desperate
over their losses."
public view until they went out for a
(irlvo. It Is undorptood they will not re
rn.-iiii hiTf more than ten days and will
then gn abroad to visit the Duke and
Duchess of Mnrlborough.
Tho bridegroom, while on his way from
Long Island City to OakdaJe with his
\<r\r\<' yesterday, called Conductor King
to him, handed him a roll of in w green
backs, and Btated ho would like that
money divided among the crew of the
train. Conductor King was much sur
prised and finally withdrew, after thank
ing Mr. Vanderbilt on behalf of the crew.
Mrs. Vanderbilt looked on smilingly. The
roll of bills amouutfd to $2>t. which King
divided among his crew, including tho
i nginf-er, fireman; two brakemen and
himself. They each got $40.
John Timpson. engine driver of the
train, nlso had charge of the engine of
the special train which took the Duke
and Duchess of Marlborough to OakdaJe.
SAILORS SHANGHAIED
ON PUGET SOUND
Two Boys Among the Latest Victims
of the Boarding-House
Runners.
TACOMA, April s.— The sailor question
is getting 1 more entangled on the Sound
every day. Five alleged cases of shung
haing have been reported within forty
eight hours at Port Townsend. First two
1 17-year-old Fremont boys were induced
to go to Port Townsend to work. They
I signed shipping articles there, not know
ing their import. Late at night they
were taken aboard the bark Klickitat,
which sailed immediately for Honolulu.
One of them jumped overboard and es
caped, but his companion, named Saun
ders, remained aboard. Saunders' father
has applied for police assistance in liber
ating his son.
Three men are alleged to have been
shanghaied aboard the British bark Kate
F. Troop, from Port Blakeley for Guaya
quil. A\ hen taken aboard at Port Town
send they refused to sign article* and were
Anally put ashore. They complained to
Federal Court Commissioner Swan, alleg
ing that Captain Fownes of the Troop
had paid bloodmoney for them. War
rants were issued for two sailor board
ing-house runners, but they had left
town before the Deputy Marshal could
arrive from Seattle to arrest them.
The difficulty at Port Townsend is due
In part to the strength of the Seamen's
Union, but more to the advantage pos
sessed l>y boarding-house men there, who
know a ship has no chance to get beyond
them and are inclined to be arbitrary in
their terms. Several crews have been
■hipped from Taeoma to Port Townsend,
nnd the demand for non-union sailors is
greater than the supply.
WOUNDED SOLDIERS
BEING SENT HOME
WASHINGTON, April 5. — General
Otis has cabled the War Department
that the transport Sherman has left
Manila with 100 wounded soldiers,
which Included all that were able to be
Beat home at that time.
SUFFER MUCH
FROM COLD OF
THE ANTARCTIC
Hardships Endured by the
Belgian South Pole
Expedition.
TWOMEMBERS PERISH
The Explorers Will Remain at
Punto Arenas Three Months and
Then Start for the Antarctic.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tot*
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BRUSSELS. April 5.— Fresh details
have been received regarding the Bel
gian south pole expedition. The expe
dition when sto^ned by the ice near
Alexanderland had traveled to 71 de
grees 36 minutes, and discovered new
lands, seas and many volcanoes.
One officer, Lieutenant Danco, who
had charge of the magnetic observa
tions, died in June.
Some months earlier the expedition
lost a young Norwegian, Wincke, an
excellent draughtsman, who illustrated
the expedition. The members suffered
much from cold in Stepember, when
the minimum was 43 degrees below
zero.
De Gerlache did not state whether he
intends returning toward the south
pole or coming back to Europe. Doubt
is thrown on the matter by the fact
that he wires his correspondence will
be sent from Punta Arenas.
MONTEVIDEO, April s.— The cap
tain of the German steamer Karnock
brought a voluminous report from
Lieutenant de Gerlache, chief of the
Belgian Antarctic expedition, to the
Belgian Consul here, and various dis
patches. The Belgica expedition gath
ered many various collections. The ex
pedition will stay at Punta Arenas for'
three months and then return to the
Antarctic regions.
FORMAL INVITATIONS TO
THE PEACE CONFERENCE
They "Will Be Issued To-Day Through
Various Ministers, but Bulgaria
Is Slighted.
NEW YORK, April 5.— A special cable
to the Sun from The Hague says: For
mal invitations to attend the peace
conference will be issued to-morrow
through the Ministers to the Nether
lands of Great Britain, Russia, Ger
many. Austria, France, Italy, Turkey,
Spain, Portugal, Sweden, Denmark,
Belgium, Luxemburg, Servia, Rou
mania, Montenegro, Greece, Switzer
land, United States, Siam, Persia,
China and Japan. Tbe note of invita
tion remarks that only questions speci
fied in the second Russian circular
will be discussed. All national political
questions will be rigorously excluded.
Bulgaria's dignity has been wounded
by her omission from the list of nations
invited to attend the peace conference
at The Hague, which includes other
Balkan States. She ascribes her omis
sion to the ill-will of the Porte, which
she believes has Influenced Russia
against her. There Is reason to be
lieve, however, that Bulgaria will
eventually be invited to take part in
the conference, though it may depend
on her behavior during the next few
weeks in connection with the threat
ened Macedonian troubles.
POOLING THE BUSINESS
OF LIGHTING COMPANIES
Three Los Angeles Corporations May
Soon Arrive at an Under
standing.
LOS ANGELES, April B.— lt is stated
in commercial rirck j s thc-it the recent at-
tempts to pool the business of the Los
Angeles lighting Company, the San
Gabriel Company anil the Kdison Com
pany, by which they were to district the
city and regulate prices, is still, under
conside ration. 'While those Interested in
the corporation deny to-night that the
combination has not fully matf rlalizcd
owing to a disagreement among the prin
cipals as to details, still the departure
of President Barker of the Edison Com
pany for the Bast to-morrow gives color
to the statement that the trifles which
have been seeming obstacles may be re
moved by the time he returns.
In connection with this possible pooling
of Interests the astounding discovery has
been made thai the time in which the
terms of the conduit ordinance should be
obeyed has been by manipulation extend
er from last December until July 3. The
last extension asked for was only for
three months, which would expire yester
day. It has heen discovered that the or
dinance grants an extension of three
months from April 3. No one at the City
Hall is able to explain how this deferred
date crept into the ordinance. The Edi
son Company is the only corporation that
has not conduits all underground.
PORTUGUESE FOR
HAWAIIAN PLANTATIONS
Secret Movement Afoot to Import
Thousands of Contract
Laborers.
TACOMA, April s.— Private advices
received to-day from Honolulu state a
secret movement is under way in Ha
waii to flood the islands with Portu
guese laborers from the Azores Islands.
There will be from 6000 to 10.000 Im
ported as soon as arrangements can
be completed, unless the plan is fore
stalled. They will probably be brought
by Italian warships by way of Cape
Horn, but it is possible they will come
overland by way of Tacoma. if ships
can be found to carry them.
This enterprise is the result of the
approach of exclusion of Japanese by
the United States contract labor laws.
Secrecy has beon preserved to prevent
opposition on the ground that it is a
scheme to evade contract labor laws.
Thte Portuguese probably will be im
ported as free immigrants.
TO PRISON FOR LIFE.
MODESTO, April s.— The jury in the case
of Conrad Reiger for the murder of Frank
Nagle brought in a verdict of murder in
the first degree and fixed the penalty at
life imprisonment. The men were em
ployed as section men on the Sierra Rail
way. On January 7 last Reiger shot and
killed Nagle without provocation. The
prisoner escaped, but was arrested a week
later at Fresno.
CUTLERY DAT.
Borne articles cut 60 per cent.
Borne articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Ptorei Everywhere
SUCCESSFUL IN
COMMUNICATING
WITHOUT WIRES
Officers of tfye Signal Corps Will
Flasl} .Messages From Wash
ington to Fort .AVeyep.
NEW YORK, April 5.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It is
the confident expectation of the officers
of the signal corps of the army that
within a short time messages can be
flashed to and from the War Depart
ment to Fort Myer, five miles away,
without the aid of wires.
Important experiments already made
at Fort Myer by Colonel James Allen,
now acting chief of the signal corps,
and Lieutenant George O. Squire, have
demonstrated that it is practicable to
transmit messages by means of elec
tric waves produced in the manner em
ployed by Marconi. These officers have
found that at a distance of 1000 yards I
they can telegTaph any message, and i
it is intended to increase the distance j
gradually until the War Department |
and Fort Myer are connected.
Lieutenant Squire told me to-day
that he was much gratified at the re
sults of the experiments,- and he be
lieves that when the experiemntal
stage has been passed the system will
be of much value for working between
the shore and lighthouses, communi
cating between vessels at sea and for I
marine work generally.
Perhaps the most important demon
stration so far made has been the im
possibility of exploding a magazine on
board a modern ship by means of the
electric waves. Lieutenant Squire said
that in the first place it would be neces
sary to have an operator on board the
ship to be destroyed, and even then it
would be impossible to transmit a wave
through iron. The placing of the in
strument in an iron cage will prevent
waves from reaching their destination
and a zinc screen also stops them. On
account of the length of the waves
their energies are absorbed differently
by different substances. Thus water
and metal absorb all their energy;
TRAIN THE GIRLS
IN HOUSEKEEPING
Mrs. Weymouth's Advice
to Mothers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, April s.— The second
day's session of the Woman's Parlia
ment of Southern California opened
this morning with an increased attend
ance, and at each meeting to-day the
auditorium of the Universalist church
was crowded with people — mostly wo
men, of course, though there was a
generous sprinkling of men. The pul
pit was freshly decorated with poppies,
roses and palms. The ladies sensibly
removed their hats and late comers
were kept in the vestibule while papers
were being read.
The first paper of to-day's session
was by Mrs. A. B. Weymouth of
Orange, who took for her subject
"Housekeeping as a Profession fo*
Girls." Mrs. Weymouth contended that
more attention should be paid to th 2
training of young girls in the duties
incidental to keeping house, not neces
sarily for other people, but for them
selves. She said it was evident girls
nowadays were allowed to neglect this
important branch of education. In th«
discussion that followed Mrs. Ella L.
Sessions of Hueneme spoke in line with
the author of the paper and coincided
with most of her deductions.
Mrs. Sessions of Hueneme and Mrs.
Hughes of lowa led the discussion,
bringing out the point that girls were
unwilling to engage in housework out
side of their own homes because they
felt they would not be respected in such
positions and because they had less lib
erty than in other lines of work.
Dr. Black of Los Angeles denied thnt
housekeeping required more brains, but
said it required willingness. Dr. Black
criticized woman's tendency to think
lightly of men's work.
A resolution, introduced by Mrs.
Caroline M. Severance of Los Angeles,
was adopted, committing the parlia- ,
ment to the approval of the efforts ,
leading to a perpetual peace, In line
with the action of the women of the
East, who are hoping for the coming
of an era of universal brotherhood.
The resolution commended the coming
convention at The Hague and hoped
that the Czar's disarmament proposi
tion will be accepted by the world, and
that there would be no more war.
The afternoon programme included a
paper on "Child Study for Women
Clubs," by Miss Virginia Pease of Na
tional City. There was a spirited ad
dress on "The Municipality and the In
dividual," by Mrs. Lou V. Chapin, in
which she took the position that so.
cialism meant not liberty, but despot
ism; that municipal ownership of utili
ties in this country was dangerous, for
the reason that City Councilmen now
grow rich in unsalaried positions. Mrs.
Mary Darling read a paper on ' Oppor
tunities for the Middle Aged Woman,"
after which -the members of the parlia
ment were taken for a drive by the
Board of Trade.
This evening a reception was held for
the members of Women's Fraternal So
cieties, only members of secret socie
ties being admitted. This closed one
of the most successful sessions of the
Woman's Parliament yet held in South
ern California.
FEARS INVASION
BY JUAN JIMINEZ
Dominican Government Is Massing
Troops on the Frontier and
Arresting Suspects.
Special Cable to Th<* - nil and :he Now York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, April s.— lt Is
reported that the Dominican Govern
ment Is massing troops on the frontier
in fear of an invasion by Juan Jiminez
from St. Marc. It is also causing the
arrest of suspected Dominicans resid
ing in Port au Prince. Senor Jiminez
is now in St. Thomas.
The French cruiser Sfax arrived at
noon to-day.
Juan Jiminez was formerly, a proa-'. I
++++++++ + + + + + + + +
♦ • ♦
♦ PARIS. April s.— ln view of the ♦
+ success of the experiments with +
+ ■ the Marconi system of wireless +
+ telegraphy across the Strait of -f
+ Dover the authorities propose to -f
+ transmit messages to England +
+ from Paris. The terminal proba- +
♦ bly will be the Eiffel tower, the ♦
♦ distance to South Foreland being +
+ 230 miles. ♦
+ 4
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
glass absorbs nearly all, and parafflne
and hard rubber absorb hardly any.
Thus they move through hard rubber
and paraffine as light moves through
air, glass or water — that is to say, with
hardly any resistence — while glass lets
very little of them through and metal
and water are impervious to them.
Lieutenant Squire estimates that the
waves travel at the rate of 186,000 miles
a second. At this rate they could
reach the sun in eight minutes. In
time of war. Lieutenant Squire states,
it is possible to fire a gun 500 yards
away by means of a spark thrown that
distance.
Experiments in transmitting mes
! sages thus far have been very limited,
!as the instruments were received a
i few days ago. The instruments used
i are the finest that could be obtained.
■ The messages so far sent have been re
ceived without difficulty. The appli
j ances include an ordinary battery and
! Morse electro-magnet. When the key
is pressed a current flashes between
two brass globes, causing a spark and
setting the electric waves in motion.
Whenever the sender desires to get in
communication with • the receiver the
pressing of a key causes a bell to ring
calling attention to the instrument.
perous merchant in Monte Crlsto. with
a branch establishment in Paris, where
he has lived since 1890. After trans
ferring his Monte Cristo property to a
German firm in order to avoid its con
fiscation, Jiminez organized a filibus
tering expedition in June last, which
he landed at Monte Cristo. His revo
lutionary effort proved unsuccessful.
He escaped to Great Inagua, one of the
Bahama group, and was tried for a
violation of the foreign enlistment act.
OBTAINED A LOAN BY
PROMISING TO MARRY
Charge Filed Against T. R. Jameson
in a Suit Brought by a Wealthy-
Widow.
SEATTLE, April s.— Rachael T. Hemp
son, a wealthy widow, has begun suit
her,e against T. R. Jameson to recover '
JCOOO which she says she loaned him on his
promise to marry her. In her ccfrnplaint
she alleges that she met the defendant
in San Francisco in November, 1597, and
they became good friends. Jameson was
very attentive to her and called at her
home at least once a week. After a num
ber of months he proposed marriage and
was accepted. The wedding day was set
and the plaintiff began preparing for the
event.
Shortly after the engagement, she says,
Jameson came to her and represented
that ho needed money to continue his
business. He said he was a manufacturer
of surgical instruments. The confiding
widow l<'t him have JtJOOO, and she has not
seen him since. She has learned, how
ever, that he was the owner of a number
of lots near Lake I'nion, in this city, and
for this reason she brings the suit here.
The two formerly made San Francisco
their home.
TERRIFIC WHIRLWIND
ON QUEENSLAND'S COAST
One Hundred and Fifty Japanese
Pearl Fishers Drowned During
the Storm.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April s.—Ad
vices from the Antipodes state: Dur
ing the recent terrific whirlwind on the
coast of North Queensland about 150
Japanese engaged in the pearl fisheries
were drowned. .
About 200 Japanese prisoners In
Niigata prison have been simultaneous
ly taken ill. They are supposed to have
been poisoned.
A report has reached the Japanese
Government that Canada intended to
impose a duty of 12 cents a pound on
Japanese tea. Tea dealers take the re
port very seriously, and they are ask
ing that negotiations be entered upon
with the Canadian Government against
an Imposition of the tax.
STRIKES ON THE ROCKS
NEAR PORT SIMPSON
Disaster Overtakes the Steamship
Barbara Boscowitz in North
ern Waters.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April s.— The Un
ion Steamship Company's steamer Cutch.
which arrived from the north early this
morning:, brodght the news that the un
fortunate steamer Barbara Boscowitz of
Victoria hau for the second time run upon
the rocks near Port Simpson. The Cutch
passed the Boscowitz on the 2d inst., and
at that time she was hish on the rocks
that compose Hankins reef.
Captain Newcomb of the Cutch hailed
the steamer and ascertained that she had
lost her bearings and had struck about
two hours before low tide. The master
of the Boscowitz said that if the weather
continued fine he expected to float off at
high tide. lie would not receive any a^
slstance from the steamer Cutch. Rough
weather would make the Boscowitz a
complete wreck.
♦
AMERICAN TROQPS ARE
DISHEARTENED BY SICKNESS
FORT WORTH, Texas, April s.— Dr.
Charles V. Harris of the Medical De
partment, U. S. A., passed through here
to-day en route to Washington on im
portant business with the department.
He comes from the Philippine Islands
and says the reports of the excellent
health of the American troops are
false. Dr. Harris stated that many
United States soldiers, disheartened
over their physical condition, deliber
ately place themselves as a target for
the enemy's guns. It Is the opinion of
Dr. Harris that if the American troops
remain In the Philippines any great
length of time sickness and death is
sure to follow.
Ends Life With Poison.
PORT ANGELES, 'April Thomas
Andre, a resident of this place for the
last nine years, was found dead in his
house to-day. All indications point to sui
cide by poison. He was born in Indiana,
and before coming here was in the employ
of the Southern Pacific in Southern Cali
fornia. He has been troubled with his
eyes for some time, and this is thought
to have led to his suicide.
CENTRAL PACIFIC WILL
CONVEY THE SOLDIERS
LOS ANGELES. April s.— The quarter
master's department of the United States
army will in a few days open bids for the
transportation of 5000 officers and men to
San Francisco, there to take ship for the
Philippine Islands to take the place of
volunteers near Manila. Santa Fe will
not bid for this transportation. It looks
like an exceptionally fat contract, but in
reality carries little or no money, and
only a land-grant road is able to do the
hauling. When bids for thf> taking of the
First New York were asked a short time
apo the Santa Fe made a bid to carry
that regiment East. The contract was
given to the Central Pacific and its con
nections. The Santa Fe people here say
they do not care to carry passengrs at
the figures allowed, as the Government
demands that the soldiers be carried in
battalions in special trains.
Thousands of soldiers will be hauled to
and from San Francisco before the
trouble in the Philippine Islands is ended,
and as soon as the Government lien on
the Central Pacific has been lifted and
that line become a part of the Southern
Pacific the* cinch will be removed and
competition will bring other lines Into the
fray.
Letter for the President.
NEW YORK, April 5.— A Rome cable to
the Sun says: It is stated, but the report
cannot be confirmed, that the Pope has
intrusted Archbishop Ireland with a let
ter for President McKinley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWFUL RESULT OF
MENTAL STRAIN
A Man From Utah Tells
of His Sufferings and
Rescue.
WORRY AND OVERWORK REDUCE
HIM TO A COMPLETE PHYSI- 1
CAL WRECK.
The following remarkable story cornea
from Mr. J. T. Ward of Park City,
Utah. He says: For several years I
was broken down In health, my nerv-
ous system was a complete wreck,
as were also my digestive organs. I
could not sleep, could not eat, and
was greatly reduced in flesh. I would
shake like a leaf at times. Could not
think well nor apply myself to business.
After trying many remedies without re-
sult I learned of Hudyan. I began tak-
ing it, and soon found that I was gain-
ing in strength and had a better appe-
tite. One symptom after another began
to leave me, end to-day I find that I am
completely cured. Hudyan is a good med-
icine and in my opinion no remedy can
take the place of it in the treatment of
nervous and stomach disorders.
Persons who are afflicted with head-
ache, dizzy spells, poor memory, nervous-
ness, sleeplessness, irritable . tempers,
etc., are usually suffering from worn-out
nervous system. Stomach disorder is very
often a complication. Hudyan is an in-
fallible remedy in such cases. If the tis-
sues are used up faster than nature can
repair them it is then that the preans
must suffer. It is then you have rheum-
atism, neuralgia, heart trouble, nervous
dyspepsia and other ills. Hudyan being
a great blood and tissue builder, it will
cure ■ such complaints. Since Huydan
reaches every nerve and fiber in the hu-
man organism it is well adapted for the
cure of all chronic cr ."mplaints. . The great'
and good work that , Hudyan is accom-
plishing in the treatment of all stomach,
liver, kidney, nervous and blood diseases
proves that it Is nature's own remedy.
! It is wonderful how many persons (sup-
posed to have been suffering from incur-
able diseases) that Hudyan has cured.
■ Hudyan will give you strength if you
are weak. It will give you color if you
are pale. It will give. you: flesh if you
are thin. Hudyan is a destroyer of dis-
ease germs, therefore it is a valuable
remedy ' for malaria. Malaria may affect
the stomach, the liver, the tongue- may
be coated, you suffer from headache, loss
of appetite, lassitude, etc Hudyan will
cure. Hudyan is for sale by druggists, or
will be sent direct upon receipt of price —
50c a package, or six packages for $2 50.
Call or write the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
' Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Dootors Free.
CALL OR WRITE. '
A Favorite
Everywhere.
A The qualities that have
lil made this malt tonic pop-
ular with people every.
jiL^ where are parity, palata-
([9Bm trility, malt strength.
JtSSfl Then, too, it is a non-
intoxicant
jfffijlWCtßj excels all other tonics
as a; producer of flesh,
blood and sonad nerves.
Vfl^MsMS^ Tell your druggist that you
™ BLATZ MALT-VIVINE
If he suggests any other kind of malt prep-
aration, go elsewhere and get the genuine,
Highest Awards at Trans-Mi»»i»sippi ami
International Exposition. 1883.
Prepared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
tfILWAIKEC, U. S. A. .
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. .....
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCES3
• For the Past 7 Years.
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL, STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES: makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any other
paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. DURABLE. "WASH-
ABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and FOULINO
In SALT WATER, CORROSION and RUST
from exposure. Send 2."> c for SAMPLE bottl*
and pamphlet "WHAT IS PEGAMOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO..
61 and 62, Chronicle Building. S. F.
STUDEBAKER'S,
;' MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JUST K,H3OH!I"VE3I3-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS,
Latest styles, best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we are-
making greatly reduced prices on a large Una
of high-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-.
gies. Best oi'repaJr work on short notion •._...
34
RUSSIANS NOW
RUN MANCHURIA
Do Just About as They
Please.
FORCIBLY ACQUIRING LAND
AND OPERATING THE MINES
AND RAILWAYS.
HZeanwhile the Czar Is Massing
Large Bodies of Troops at Im
portant Points to Boldly
Aid the Grab.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, li. C, April s.—Ad
vices from the Far East brought by the
steamship Empress of Japan state that
a correspondent of the North China
Daily News gives some remarkable in
formation regarding tho Russian prog
ress in Manchuria and the northern
provinces. He points out that whereas
the only British subjects who are per
mitted by treaty to own lands outside
treaty limits are missionaries, Russians
in Manchuria are acquiring land as
they please and are already working
mines. The railroad, too, is obviously
a military one. and he asserts that
there are 30,000 Russian troops at Port
Arthur. 3000 at Talien Wan. 2000 at Kin
chou, 200 at Lunchou, 200 at Wa Fang-
Hen, 200 at Nleu-chwang, -00 at Hai
ihie: . Liao-yang, 300 at Kirin,
n, north of Kirin, and,
In fact, B ra are a!;
Manchuria. They are to be met witn
even where the railway will not touch.
In Halchleng the Russians have
taken a shop and fortified it by
mounting guns. At Liao-yang they
have a site 200 yards square, where
they are building barracks, and 300 sol
diers with twenty officers and mining
engineers are quartered there. Outside
the city they are purchasing land and
intend to occupy houses for the sum
mer. The Chinese md people
are much afraid of th>- intruders, who
do Just a? they like and square any re
monstrance with a few dollars.
Visitors to the locality cannot move
without being shadowed by Russians.
As there is no railway at Kirin and the
branch line which l£ 1 will not
reach there for two years, the presence
idiers appears unnecessary. The
Russo-Chinese Bank has opened a
branch in Kirin, worked by Chinese,
with one foreigner, who is British, but
little beyond political work appears to
be done.
At Haipon, -where the railway will
branch off from the main line to Vlad
ivostok, there are Russian settlements
with 20,000 soldiers. It is instructive
to compare this military occupation
with the railway in which British cap
italists are to have their money, a {rood
road with stone embankments and
work Phops along the line, where car
riages bridges are being built and
not yet one British soldier to protect
the property.
The agricultural and mineral re
sources of Manchuria are immense, and
the Russians are working so as tn ex
ploit them for- their sole advantage.
Land is being compulsorily acquired at
the rate of |10 a mow, and in the event
>.f Chinese resistance a telegram to the
Russian Minister at Peking overcomes
it.
EDGAR WOULD BE
A PRISON DIRECTOR
PAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 5.-
When Captain of the Yard J. C. Edgar
confided to some of his friends a few
months ago that he was tired of the oner-
e-rous duties devolving upon an occupant
of his official position there were many
surmises as to his reasons for making
Fiich an announcement. Although Edgar
5? a wealthy man and tl
r,eed of the salary allowed a captain of
The yard, he has the reputation of never
ng satisfied unless his mind and
hands are ocrupien" in tl.- tlon of
work requiring care and forethought. In
addition he and Warden Halo have not
been on good terms sln<*e the strike of
two years ?.gn. when they fell oir
a question of discipline, and the position
held by Edgar— fortified by the favor of
a Lieutenant Governor— nffereil too many
opportunities for worrying an enemy to
be relinquished simply on account of a
"tired feeling."
Common prison gossip, which is sair! to
emanate from an official quarter, now af
fords an explanation of Edgar's deter
mination to resif^n his position. Edgar
wishes to obtain a position on the Board
of State Prison Blrectors, and the plan
of Goverr :,il his "inner circle"
advisers to oust Director Donald Ray has
come as a godsend to thf ambitious of
flrial wh.. dir< lea of the
prison yard. With Hale out of the war
rir-nship and himself on the board Edgar's
cup of joj full to overflowing
ATTEMPT TO BE MADE
TO IMPEACH A JUROR
WILLOWS, April s.— The w/>rk of
electing a jury in the Murdock note
case Involving May Helen Murdock's
«-laim for $100,000 went on to-day and
but little progress was made. The ex
amination of talesmen was searching,
both sides exercising great care. Four
were passed, but none accepted. No
peremptory challenges have been used
by either side. At the close of the ses
sion Attorney Freeman for the plaintiff
announced that he would produce wit
nesses at the opening of court to im
peach ■ Juror Neilson, who declared
while being examined that he had never
discussed the case.
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
a) kali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
Alldoruof »tore»»el! it, especially iniggiaUi
al! »oru of people use v.
TROOPS MADE
SICK BY THE
EMBALMED BEEF
Soldiers Who Partook of Meat
That Looked Well and Smelled
Bad Became Diseased.
! WASHINGTON. April 5.— The two prin- ]
clpal -witnesses before the beef inquiry '
court to-day were Professor Russell If.
("rittondVn of Yale College and Dr. Sam
uel A. Currie, who was lieutenant colonel
of the Second New Jersey Regriment,
which was stationed at Jacksonville dur- j
ins the war. Professor Crittenden is one j
I of the chemists selected by the Govern- j
j ment to analyze the canned roast beef. ■
! He presented his report, showing that the i
i hi-.-f generally was good. No chemicals
i had been found by him in its preparation \
■ wns generally wholesome. He, ,
i however, expressed doubt as to whether
eat of the tropical climate would !
, not cause the fat in the cans to liquefy j
, and thus render the food displeasing to
i the sight. Colonel Davis stated that most ',
I of the cans from which the samples were j
taken for analysis had been expored to !
the heat of tropical countries, some of !
! the pans being brought from Havana for ,
; the purpose of the test.
Major Lea presented more of the correspond
ence between General Miles and the court and
put in a request on behalf of the general thut
nine of the 130 witnesses whose names he had
heretofore suggested be called, saying that they
would testify concerning refrigerator beef and
chemically treated beef. The court did not In
dicate whether the request would be compiled
with.
Lieutenant Colonel L. M. Maug. who as chief
medical officer of the Seventh Army
In various camps In the Southern States
during th» Spanish war. Bald there had been
very little complaint concerning the meat. At
Jacksonville the men found it necessary to
cook the refrigerator moat an soon a.^ received,
as otherwise It became tainted. In one In
stance an entire company of troops had been
made sick, as fie believed, by eating the meat.
li waver, as a rule, the beef was carefully
ted In the warehouses. One consignment
of canned beef was very offensive and would
have been cremated, but that it was rescued
by the Armours, who had furnished It. They
It and overhauled it.
The one Instance of sickness believed to have
been caused by the refrigerator beef occurred
in a company of the Seventh Illinois Regiment.
Many of the men were made violently sick. It
was also noticed that an unusual proportion of
the men thus affected went down with typhoid
fever. It was afterward developed that the
C - k knew that the meat was tainted before
he cooked it.
Colonel Man? was on duty at Havana during
the past winter. He said the meat supply there
had been entirely satisfactory.
Dr. Samuel L. Currle, lieutenant colonel of
the Second New Jersey, was In charge of a
detail of 109 men to construct a rifle range In
Jacksonville in June and July. Often the men
were compelled to throw away the meat sent
them for dinner. On one occasion there was
especial trouble and the next day after eating
this meat only twenty-four men were able to
DEATH'S SUMMONS
ENDS A ROAMNCE.
Taleof a Rich Uncle and
Fascinating Niece.
Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 5.— A love ro
mance, in which a rich old uncle and a
fascinating niece were the Romeo and
Juliet, ended here this morning in the
death of John P. Conlon at the Grand
Lodging House, corner of Second and
San Fernando streets. Mrs. Abbie
Kinnes- is the bereaved, and Is left
about a half million dollars in New
York properties and securities.
Several years ago John P. Conlon re
tired from the pursuits of business in
New York to enjoy his fortune. He had
no other relatives than Mrs. Kinnes
and a nephew who bore his name. The
latter was a spendthrift and by his wild
career had disgraced his uncle"s name.
About this time Mrs. Kinnes' husband
'lied. She was young and attractive.
She took up her abode with her uncle,
and the mutual relationship soon
turned into love. The rich old uncle
at once legally adopted Mrs. Kinnes.
The law prohibited the marriage of per-
Boni of their degree of relationship,
(onion at once divided his property
with his adopted daughter and fixed
the remainder •so his nephew could
never come In for any of it. Mrs.
Kinnes was given everything she
wished and the couple enjoyed them
selves to their hearts' content. Several
trips to Europe and a trip around the
world were made. It is said Mr?.
Kinnes generally passed as Mrs. Col
non.
On January 10 last Conlon and Mrs.
Kinnes left New York for California
by way of Panama, arriving in San
Francisco about a month ago. Flcydes
were procured and they started to make
a tour of the State awheel. San Jose
was reached a week ago. Last Friday
evening, while dining in the Mercan
tile Restaurant, Conlon was stricken
by apoplexy. He was removed to his
apartments and Dr. Frasse summoned.
He rallied for a while, but yesterday
he began to pink and passed away
early this morning. Deceased had suf
fered from Bright's- disease for some
time and the .stroke of apoplexy re
sulted from it. Conlon was a native of
New York and 53 years of age.
It is said Mrs. Kinnes has deeds to
some valuable Now York property that
she wishes to place on record before
the "forgotten" nephew can file any
claim to the estate. Phe starts Eas\
with the remains to-morrow.
POPE LEO FOLLOWS
USUAL OCCUPATIONS
ROME, April 5. — Drs. Lappo-ni and
Mazzoni have issued another formal
denial of the disquieting stories circu
lated about the Pope's health. They,
declare that he follows his usual occu
pations, grants audiences daily and
celebrates mass almost every morning.
The Pontiff, on April 10, the occasion
trf the fete. of St. Leon, will receive the
dignitaries of the sacred college and
the pontifical court and will return
thanks for his coronation congratula
tions. Dr. Lapponi declares the Pope is
now in the same health that he has en
jiryrr] for two or three years past. His
Holiness received Archbishop Ireland
to-day in farewell audience.
VICTORY FOB, BEPUBLICANS.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., April s.— The
State election to-day resulted in a Re
publican victory, though the Democrats
made gains in many localities. The en
tire Republican State ticket was success
ful and the General Assembly will be Re
publican by a large majority, though not
:.s large as last year. The Social!?t vote
is large in the cities and mining towns.
Eighty districts out of 104 in the State
give for Governor: Dyer (R.i. 16,812:
Greene (D.). 9982; Herrick (Socialist La
bor). 1247; Peckham (Pro.). 1043.
Dyer's probable plurality this year is
9500. Every district in the State shows
Democratic gains.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1899.
report for duty. He had tested a piece of this
meat for salicylic acid, getting a decided re
action. On another occasion he secured a
boraclc acid reaction.
"One peculiarity of the meat." he said, "was
that It kept so well and smelled so badly."
When men would throw It up, often many
hours after eating, It was still found unde
composed. He had considered the canned meat
unfit for his men to eat and had ad-vlsed them
not to eat it.
Dr. Currie expressed the opinion that the re
frigerator beef had been soaked in some pre
servative fluid, containing- salicylic acid, but
he afterward paid his first Idea was that the
acid had been injected.
Dr. Currie said he had discovered some ten
or twelve years ago by actual tests that Swift
& Co. used salicylic' acid to preserve their
meats. Two months ago he had made a test
of beef furnished by Armour & Co. at his own
home .in Englewood. X. J., and had found that
it contained salicylic acid.
Major Lee asked that some men of the rifle
range detail be summoned before the court, but
the court did not respond to the request.
Major Lee then read the' reply of the court to
General Miles' request for the summoning of
131 witnesses named by him and General Miles'
reply asking that they be, placed In the record.
The letter to General Miles was written by
Recorder Davis of the Court of Inquiry. It
was dated yesterday and read as follows:
"I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your
favor of the 3d inst.. inclosing the final list
of witnesses. 1 am directed to say that such
of the persons named, as appear from the
statement submitted, to be In possession of
facts not already covered by the testimony of
witnesses, will be summoned to appear with
the least possibly delay." ■ . ■ •
General Miles' reply said In part?
"It Is my belief that at least 25,000 men.
and undoubtedly a much greater number, would
confirm the testimony that has already been
given that a portion of the food supplied the
army was unwholesome and unsuitable for
use. I therefore request that the small number
of witnesses — 131— whose names have Just been
submitted, may be called upon to give their
testimony before your court."
The general understanding about the court
Is that the request will not be complied with.
Henry Raphael, manager for Armour & Co.,
in New York, who had been called at the In
stance of General Miles to testify, said that
last May he had in stock 140,000 pounds of
canned roast beef. Later in the season he re
ceived more, some coming from Chicago and
some from cities In England. The beef from
abroad had been there from one to two years.
This he had turned over to Colonel Woodruff
on the dock. Asked 4f any of the meat sent
abroad had been rejected there, he said: "I
know positively that none of It' was rejected.
I know this from our firm In Chicago and from
the condition of the beef."
The meat had been returned to fill contracts
■with the Government, some going to the army
and pome to the navy. Altogether about 450,000
pounds had been sold to the army. .
Mr. Raphael said # the Government's purchases
■were always ma' on samples selected gen
erally by himself. These were Inspected, as
was also the beef on -delivery- Only three cans
of.th? entire sale to the army and navy had
been refused, and those had been replaced.
POOL ROOMS TO
BE SUPPRESSED
Marin County's Battle
for Decency.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
SAN "RAFAEL, April s.— The most
perplexing problem that has confront
ed District Attorney Mclsaac since he
has been an incumbent — a legal meth
od to suppress the poolrooms at Sau
salito and thereby save Marln County
from the annual recurrence of scenes
so. repugnant to the residents of a su
burban district — is at last in a fair way
of solution. So confident is Mclsaac
that he has found a plan to circumvent
the action of the Board of Town Trus
tees of Sausalito that he has already
conferred with the Supervisors in re-
gard to the matter, and it is predicted
by those who claim to know the In
clination of the county fathers that
they will give the District Attorney
thetr united support In one more effort
to destroy an evil that has so far
laughed at every attack made upon it
by the county officials.
As Sausalito is an incorporated town
the Supervisors are powerless so far
as adopting an ordinance prohibiting
betting on Eastern races is concerned.
Those citizens of the town not directly
profited by the presence of the pool
rooms have frequently agitated the
proposition to disincorporate, but have
always been foiled by the attitude of
the "water front," where so many
voters reside as practically to control
municipal elections. H. H. Noble car
ried the question into the domain of
the Superior Court by petitioning for
an injunction to restrain the gambling,
on the ground that It . constitutes a
public nuisance. This plan signally
failed, and now another determined ef
fort is to be made.
According to section 25 of the county
government act, a Board of Supervis
ors is empowered to regulate and li
cense all business or traffic in a county
not prohibited by law. Poolroom
gambling comes under this head. It is
further provided that any violation of
An ordinance so regulating and licens
ing a business or traffic constitutes a
misdemeanor and as such is punishable
by law. According to Mclsaac's view
all the board has to do to suppress the
evil is to exact a license of $10,000 a
quarter from the poolroom men. ■which
will really amount to a prohibition.
When this section referred to was
called to the attention of the Super
visors and its provisions explained to
them they were much impressed with
the simplicity of the method advocated
by the District Attorney and took the
proposition under consideration at
once. ' It is expected that an ordinance
will be framed and adopted in a short
time.
HEAVY SEAS WASH
OVER THE VESSEL
Little Steamship C. G. Cherry En-
counters a Storm While Sail
ing Northward.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 5.-TJie steamer
C. G. Cherry, a small vessel with a big
American flap: nfher peak and the name
Snn Francisco, her home port, paanted on
the stern in big white letters, put into
this port this morning in distress. Some
thing had gone wrong with her boilers,
:in<l since Monday she had been running
up the straits under the scanty canvas
she carries.
The Cherry left San Francisco last Fri
day, and had a trying voyage up the
coast. On several occasions big seas had
washed right over her. Last Sunday a
big storm was encountered, and it
seemed as though the seas would engulf
the little cannery vessel. On Monday the
holler began to leak, and it was thought
advisable to bank the fires and endeavor
to sail, to Victoria. After some difflculty
this was done, and the damaged boiler
was repaired to-day.
The Cherry expects to continue her
voyage to Chignik Bay, Alaska, to-mor
row morning.
ENGLAND YIELDS
TO THE GERMANS
Concession As to the
Samoan Conference.
PRINCIPLE OF UNANIMITY
DISCUSSION OF POWERS OF THE
COMMISSION CONTINUES,
United States Government Has Not
Selected the Man to Represent
It in the Coming Nego
tiations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
*.+ ♦♦ + + + + +■+ + + + ♦ + + +
♦ ■ •-■■■" ♦
♦ BERLIN, April s.— The Foreign -f
♦ Office Is once more satisfied, for -f |
+ England has acquiesced in the + |
♦ general principle of unanimity -f !
■f to govern the commissioners in -f j
*f the coming Samoan conference, -f
♦ This Is a concession to the wishes +
■f of Germany. The German com- -f
♦ missioner will be Consul Schmidt +
■f of Caracas, who is*well versed in -f
■f the Samoan question. The dis- + \
+ cussion continues on the quea- +
+ tion of the powers to be given to -f
+ the commissioners. +
♦ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ t
NEW YORK, April The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele- !
graphs: Although active exchanges of
views have been in progress for the last
few days .between the governments
signatory to the Berlin treaty relative j
to the powers to be conferred upon the
commission which will be sent to Apia
it was authoritatively stated to-day l
that no agreement of a satisfactory j
character has yet been reached.
All that has been decided upon is that :
the commission shall be appointed and
shall proceed to Apia to investigate i
the situation there and the entire Sa- j
moan question. It was significantly !
added by a diplomat with whom I j
talked that it was the hope of the gov
ernments concerned that the commis
sion would do more than make an in- j
vestigation and report.
It is the desire of the administration
that an agreement be reached as the ]
result of the organization of the com- j
mission which will prevent any contro- '
versy in future growing out of the |
election of a king or of the administra
tion of affairs on the islands.
No decision has been arrived at by
the President respecting the person
who will be selected to represent this
Government on the commission. No
official of the department has been as
signed to duty, because the depart
ment needs the services of its entire
force.
COMING APPOINTMENTS
BY GOVERNOR GAGE
Plum Tree Will Be Snaken Before the
Executive Returns to the
Nortii.
LOS AJNGELES, April s.— Governor
Henry T. Gage is having a fine time on
his Downey ranch. The Governor will !
not go north until early next week. He •
will make public a list of appointments, j
including a successor to Adjutant Gen- j
oral Peeler, a member of the Board of
Equalization in the Southern California
district; a member of the Board of !
Whittier Trustees, three Commission
ers to the Paris Exposition and a
Deputy Labor Commissioner before he
leaves.
The Board of Whittier School Trus
tees soon will be solidly Republican, as
former Sheriff "William R. Rowland will
on Saturday resign.
Rowland has for two years consti- j
tuted, with Mrs. Adina Mitchell, a ma
jority of the board, and now that Gov
ernor Gage is in power and Mrs. Mitch
ell's term has expired, Rowland, not
caring to be in the minority, desires to
step out. Dr. Walter Lindley wiU to
morrow discuss Whittier affairs with
Governor fiae;e.
The selection of a Paris commis
sioner from Southern California lies
between Frank Wiggins, secretary of
the Chamber of Commerce, and Ben C.
Truman, the veteran editor. Truman's
friends are insisting to-day that as
Governor Gage has never affiliated with
the Chamber of Commerce the resolu
tions from the commercial bodies will
have but little effect in influencing his
appointments.
THREE HUNDRED DOGS
OF HIGH DEGREE
BAN* JOSE, April s.— The third annual
dog show of the Santa Clara Valley Poul
try and Kennel Club opened this evening
with a good attendance. About 300 dogs
were shown, the following counties being
represented: Santa Clara, Lios Angeles,
San Francisco, Alameda, Sacramento,
San Bernardino. The judges were: H.
T. Payne of San Francisco on Great
Danes, setters, pointers, collies, spaniels
and hounds, and J. W. Barrett of New
York on mastiffs, St. Bernards, terriers
bulldogs, pugs, poodles, dachshunds and
miscellaneous. The following awards
were made to-night:
Mastiffs- Puppy dogs. P. F. McGilllgan. San
Jose, Major, first prize.
IJ!tche!?--Fran.Ms .1. Smith's Ever*?reen Queen,
first prize; P. F. McGJlligan's Belle second; W
F. Heckell. .San Jose, Teeda, third.
Great Danes— Pups, H. A. Leigh, San Jose,
Krrlck, second prize; dogs. Twin Peak Kennels
Son Francisco, Defender, first; bitches, Frank
Hall. San Francisco, Lady Londesburgh, tirst.
Twin Peak Kennels, San Francisco, Lady lir
mine, second.
St. Bernard frousrh coats)— Pupp- bitches,
Mrs. C A. Smart, Oakland. Golden Fairy first
Novice dogs— Mrs. E. B. Thompson, "irving
ton. Prince Orange, first: Miss Tlllle Lorraine,
I/is Anseles, Omar Khayyam, second; a. J.
Peters, San Jose, Ralph's Nym, third.
Novice bitches— Miss Tlllle Lorraine, Lorelle
first; Mrs. W. G. Alexander, San Jose, Flora
A, second.
Dors— Mips Lorraine, Omar Khayyam, first;
J. Turounit, San Jose. Tell, second.
Bltches-C. A. Smart. Oakland, Princess
first; Miss Lorraine, Los. Angeles, Lorelie, sec
ond. •
Winner's dogs— Twin Peak Kennels, San
Francisco, King Menelek, first.
St. Bernards (smooth coat)— Bitches. Mrs.
E. B. Thompson, Irvtngton, The Countess, flrHt.
Fox hounds— C. H. Harley, San Francisco"
General Moltke. first.
The show will continue through the week.
Indians Yield to the Law.
LOS ANGELES, April s.— United States
Marsha! H. Z. Osborne, who went to
Yuma this morning to take into custody
Patrick Miguel, the Indian accused of
having burned the schoolhouse, accom
plished his object without the slightest
difficulty. The former chief of the Yuma
tribe, Miguel, the father of the accused
man, had threatened to prevent his son's
arrest, but the arrival of Marshal Os
borne and his three sturdy deputies al
tered the chiefs determination and the
prisoner will be allowed to accompany
the officers to this city in the morning
without any unusual demonstration upon
the part ol the Yuma tribe.-
Mary Baker Eddy's letter to Chris
tian Scientists, In next Sunday's
Call
CROOKED WORK
IN PRIMARIES
AT STOCKTON
Fight of Factions in the Repub
lican Party May Lead to
Indictments.
STOCKTON, April s.— To-day's de
velopments have not served to allevi
ate the strained relations between the
factions of the Republican party. In
dictments will in all probability be re
turned within forty-eight hours against
C. T. Eckstrom, Deputy Superintendent
cf Streets, and Charles Patterson, a
prominent young business man. Both
stand high in social and political cir
cles. Their friends are rallying to their
defense in the hope of heading off the
indictments.
On the other hand, the leaders of the
defeated faction in the Third Ward will
press the charges, even though under
the Stratton law they come under the
serious designation of "felony."
Briefly stated, the trouble started in
a personal fight for leadership in the
Third Ward between John Collins and
C. T. Eckstrom. Collins led the anti-
A. P. A. faction, while Eckstrom's
ticket was regarded as the one fav
ored by the A. P. A. Eckstrom failed
of election, but the remainder went
through. The A. P. A. had carried the
heaviest wards at ward meetings the
evening before, and rallying yesterday
in the Third Ward, put up an opposi
tion ticket and on the face of the re
turns won out by a substantial major
ity.
When the election officers came to
count over the ballots to tally them,
they found that there were ten more in
the pile than the lists showed. It was
found that ten ballots had been sur
reptitiously or otherwise inserted, and'
they were declared fraudulent and so
marked by all the officers. They must
either have been laid on the table and
other ballots piled on them or inserted
in the pile after It had been dumped
out. The general opinion seems to be
that it was a piece of foolishness not
equaled in the calendar of fools. That
the ballots could not have been counted
must have appeared to any sane per
son, because it would- have become
known just as soon as the number of
ballots in the box and those on the
officers* list did not tally. Then the
ballots were not prepared for voting,
that is, they did not have the slip con
taining the number torn off.
Dick Garibotto declares that he saw
Patterson handling election stationery
about 6 o'clock, an hour after the polls
closed. Presently, he says, he saw Pat
terson leave the voting place with
something tucked under his coat, and
when outside Eckstrom joined him.
The latter saw Garibotto watching, so
he asked him what he was watching
for, and admonished him to move on.
After crossing the street he saw Pat
terson throw something into a vacant
building and go In after it. Garibotto
returned to the polling place, and a few
minutes later he went back to the Im
perial bar with L. E. Allington. While
there Garibotto asserts he was ap
proached by Eckstrom, who asked him
not to mention the incident he had wit
nessed. Garibotto declined to keep
quiet about it. Alllngton corroborates
his friend as to this.
U. H. Mallory. of the defeated fac
tion, said to-day in an interview:
"Eckstrom and Patterson confessed to
Mr. Clark and myself, and asked for
TORTURED AND
PUT TO DEATH
Fate of Nine Natives in
Korea.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April s.— Among
I the mail advices received by the Em
; press of Japan from the Orient Is the
! following strange story told by the
: Seoul correspondent of the Japan Ad
vertiser:
Outside the west gate of Seoul live
i a number of mutangs or female exor
: cists. Last year five of these women,
| with their "consorts-" and children,
i went north into the provinces on a
i tramp. After two months' working
| through Wanghai they passed into
1 Ham-Kyeng, living on the earnings of
! the women in the villages and hamlets.
| The business of driving out evil spirits
| proved flourishing, and the men taking
! charge of the money accumulated over
i $200 each. This money the men took
! Into the magistracy of Kowon and
! tried to purchase orders on Seoul. The
' thing became known to the local police
! and they seized the men and the serv
! ants with them, ten in. all, charging
! them with being robbers.
Probably this was the first time pri
| vate people had ever ventured into
| Kowon and exhibited such a sum of
■ money. The men, however, refuted the
charge of being robbers, but the entire
! ten were subjected to such torture by
I the constables that one of them died
j the next day, and another one the fol
] lowing day.
The local prefect being absent and a
neighboring official having jurisdiction
the women appealed to him for help.
He ordered the eight men living to be
I removed to his town. He saw they
were in a hopeless situation, and, fear-
Ing to become involved in the unpleas
| antness, he refused to do anything and
; sent the unfortunates back to. Kowon.
Here they were set upon again by their
i captors and so beaten that they became
badly crippled.
Their money was by this time all
gone and when the new magistrate
came to Kowon the matter was so
presented to him that of the remain
ing men seven were executed on the
21st of the seventh moon, and a blind
man left as the only survivor of the
! ten.
About this time the women came
back with their earnings, honing to
release the men. They also were rob
bed and badly abused. They escaped,
1 however, and came to Seoul.
Recently one of the runners from
Kowon was identified in the streets of
Seoul by one of the women and placed
under arrest. He acknowledged the
killing, but throws the blame on the
i constables.
Pastor Hemphill Besigns.
BALLARP, April s.— Rov. Joseph
Hemptiill, brother of Rev. John Hemp
hill of Calvary Presbyterian Church. San
Francisco, who has faithfully served a
pastorate extending over several adverse
seasons, has tendered his resignation to
the churches at Ballard, Los OUvos and
Santa Cruz. The reverend gentleman
who has the respect and good will of his
parishioners, refuses to offer any explan
ation other than that he feels that his
work here is ended.
mercy. I first heard of it throuerh
young Garibotto, whom I met near the
Imperial Hotel. He was so excited he
j could hardly talk. He stated that he
; had seen Eckstrom and Patterson take
i some papers away from the table
where the counting was in progress,
and that they were destroying them
!in a vacant building on the corner. I
! went down there immediately. They
I were tearing up the tickets they had
taken, but when they saw me coming
! they gathered up the fragments."
There are said to be other material
witnesses. The Grand Jury was i.n
session to-day, and just before the
close of the session it is understood a
! number of subpoenas were issued. It
is known positively that District At
torney Ashley is investigating, and
will not pass the matter if the evi
dence already offered is found to be
trustworthy. Developments are ex
pected to-morrow.
The first election under the Stratton
law indicates that it leaves unlimited
openings for contests on technical
points. For instance, in the same ward
where alleged criminal acts took place
the Judges found on opening the ballots
that in a score of instances the printed
I tickets had become detached from the
j ballot and were' under no particular
; party designation. The judges laid
, them out on the ground that it was not
; within their province to say whether
j they had been properly placefl; that
I they had no right to count them even
though the apparent Intent of the voter
was discernible. As these ballots
thrown out did much to lose the ward
to Collins and help the A. P. A. faction
the former prepared to contest. The
carelessness of voters here in not fold
ing their tickets securely indicates how
easy it will be to defeat the evident will
i>f voters under the arbitrary provisions
of the law.
The Democratic vote was light, and
the Republicans charge that the op
posing party mixed freely in their af
fairs, .being protected by the secrecy
i of the ballot and the bringing together
j of all classes at the polls, so that the
; old-fashioned mode of challenging was
I not possible or allowable. Seemingly
I the law allows a general .trade between
I factions in both parties, practically al
j lowing the interloping party to shape
; a delegation to the convention of os
tensible opponents. The tightening of
party lines was not observable either
in the proceedings of the day or the
final results.
The City Council met this evening to
. canvass the returns. There was no op
-1 portunity for contestants to object to
- the returns here as the functions of the
Council gojio further than canvassing
the returns. The contest must lay in
the Superior Court. It seemed novel
to the spectators to see this official
body pass on delegations to a straight
party convention, marking the end of
the good old times when contesting
j delegations won or lost through the
friendliness or opposition of those who
made up the majority of the conven
tion.
There are rumors to-night that if
Eckstrom and Patterson are prosecuted
pome serious charges will be made
against a man who has held a prom
inent State office; because his offense
occurred at a ward meeting he could
not be prosecuted, but the charges
would be very embarrassing.
ITALY WATCHED
BY THE JAPANESE
Jealousy Over Attempt
to Grab San Mun.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 5.-OH
ental advices brought by thi? steamship
Empress of Japan indicate that Japan
has watched with jealous eye Italy's
recent attempt to get possession o f San
Mun.
Marquis Ito has been in direct com
munication with Li Hung Chang and
has advised various reforms. He says
the partition of China will be inevitable
should China persist. in her present
course of action.
In view of the San Mun affair the
Japanese are saying their Government
must abandon the hold-aloof policy
hitherto adopted and demand some sub
stantial grant of land from China,
probably a port in Fokien.
Count Okuma, ex-Premier, advises
the Government to so conduct itself as
to induce China to rely solely upon" the
"gallant" assistance of Japan for the
maintenance of independence. The first
measure to be adopted for that pur
pose is to drill several hundred Chinese
soldiers by Japanese officers, secondly
to encourage the dispatch of Chinese
students to Japan for study. If the
situation should compel Japan to take
a final step it will be absolutely neces
sary for her to hold Amoy and the
railway between that place and Han
kow. This phase can only enter into
Japan's calculations when the mainte
nance of China's integrity is entirely
despaired of and there is* no hope of
preventing a partition. In the mean
time Mr. \ano, the Japanese Minister
at Peking, has applied to the Chinese
Government for five new settlements
for Japan's exclusive use, to be opened
at Foochow, Amoy, inkaw (New
chwang), Shanghai and Chungking,
in addition to the Tientsin and Hankow
settlements, which have been conceded
already. It is stated that the Chinese
Government has decided to entertain
the demands, with the exception of
Shanghai and Chungking.
There appears to have been no truth
in the report that the Dowager Empress
had recalled Li Hung Chaog to Peking
The latter has finished the labor of ex
amining the Yellow River, but his rivals
in the Tsung Li Yamen are trying to
keep him out of the /capital. They fear
his intluence.
Released From Custody.
WOODLAND, April 5.-Charles Quey
the Chinaman arrested for h- ng opened
the wrong g. ye at Davisville while
searching for the body of a relative has
been discharged. The District Uornev
regarded his conviction as improbable.
Kipling's Good Luck.
The first story that Kipling, writes after his
Illness will bring a fabulous price. It will hi
sought as eagerly by progressive publishers it
Hosteller's Stomach Bitters is by all who 8 u?
fer from stomach ills of any nature. No mat •
ter whether It be indigestion, constipation*
bll.'ousness nervousness, stubborn liver or
overworked kidneys. Hosteller's Stomach Bit
tera will cure It. It Is an unequa ed "prim"
medicine, curing and preventing malaria fevef
do n wn a ££em nd *" lUs reSUlUns '"»VS£"
ADVERTISEMENTS. : .
The Escape.
iRSItfClVnr i When a man has a chance
ftsa \ Hh^lL] to escape from prison he
p* k!Jh r*©*« doesn't stop to argue about
"*§f 3«i /Hi it; he breaks out as quickly
S$M& Km as ever he can. He knows
•^^^aMthat every moment's delay
&*&_ i : *^% may lessen his chances of es-
W?*irX3E?¥- c a P c ; but when a man is sick
<^y§»«|9»^"^ he too often postpones his
'M&fcSff^i opportunity of getting well
s§3?&i'JTil\ nd says: . "O, perhaps 111
sT^^%pibe better next week" or
MfM&\ BftJ "next month."
SE^d^ri The weeks and months go
W&?*\ MM on and every day his chance
«T>3T y ™ ° f escaping from the dungeon
■gt^^f Us of disease grows smaller.
Willtl The "Golden Medical Dis-
(HVfcYy covery ' ' originated by Dr.
WBSfffs M R.V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N.Y.,
fKJ/ J*g£ offers a certain means of res-
{&«/ JtT^i cue to every man and woman
aUSL vi'U who is suffering from an y
im.^ Ix^i form of weakness or disease
to imperfect nutrition.
iP''^?Pji!P This marvelous "Discovery
'33{l|5ip£§ll|{|i creates good appetite, good
%B«gs|j|jgg digestion, good Dlood, good
soHd 1 flesh, mus-
cul a r strengr '
SUCCC9S-
Mr Frank A. Startz, of Fayctteville, Fayette
■ Co ' Texas, writes in a letter to Dr. Pierce: "It
affords me pleasure to testify to the remarkable
curative power of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. I was severely afflicted with trouble
in my lungs — spitting up blood, and was so
weak I was unable to continue my work. I
tried several remedies which gave me no relief,
and I had commenced to think there was nd
1 hope for me. Dr. Pierce"s Golden Medical Dis-
covery was recommended to me so I tried it and
I began to improve at once, and was soon able to
[ resume work. I consider it a wonderful mcdi-
! cine."
> Every man who wants to save doctor's
! bills should send 21 one-cent stamps, the
• cost of mailing only, to Dr. R. V. Pierce,
■ Buffalo, N. V., for a copy of his 1000-page
. illustrated book, " Common Sense Medical
; Adviser," in paper covers; or 31 stamps
for cloth-bound copy.
!
" At Auction!
TUESDAY.
; TUESDAY - - - - APRIL 11, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
; I At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
.
HATES-STREET RESIDENCE.
North side of Hayes at. (No. 850), 137:6 east
i of Fillmore, 27:6x137:6; large house of 10 rooms,
bath and high basement; modern.
i ; TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
! NE. cor. of Seventeenth and Noe Bts.. 30x
, ! 91:6: north side of Seventeenth St.. 27:6 west of
Prosper; 2 elegant building sites: street work
1 all done. :,.>:. ..;•..■
■ GROVE-STREET FLATS.
North side (Nob. 342 to 352) Grove st., 192:«
; i west of Franklin, 55x68:9; 6 elegant flats, 5 and
: 4 rooms, bath and basement; rents $100; sunny
. Bide of street; all new plumbing.
; PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South line of Jackson St., 130:6 west of Bu-
[ chanan. 50:6x117; an elegant site for a fine
residence In one of the most select neighbor-
-1 hoods in the city; present improvements 2 cot-
tages: 2217 and 2221 Jackson st:
LEAVEN-WORTH-STREET FLATS. .
East side of Leavenworth (Nos. 1120, 1120 A),
22:11 south of Sacramento, 22:11x50 feet, to
, Golden Court; 2 nice flats of 6 and 5 rooms,
bath, basement.
, MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side (No. 12) Vicksburg st., 91:6 south
! of Twenty-second, 22:6x135; good house of i
rooms and bath; an unsurpassed view; street
accepted.
MISSION CORNER.
NE. cor.- of Henrietta st. and Prospect aye.,
15x70 feet; 2 good corner lots, all ready for
building.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
South side of West Park st., 100 feet west of
Mission, 25x100 feet; a good building lot; street
work all done.
PARK LANE LOT.
I Lot 34, Park Lane Tract. No. 4, 23x70 feet;
good lot, all ready for building. -•- ■■:*;■■■■
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers, 63S Market st.
I '
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
.. FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
In an, atmosphere that positively kills th«
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th«
1 'weakening night sweats' and cough.. Tempera-
; ture falls to normal, and four weeks" treat-
ment invariably increases weight from six to
, twenty pounds.
',/" The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
, Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
I Im- Not" Im-
; Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
■
Ist Stag*.. Zi 23 5 0 M
■
M Stage.. 36 12 .22 '» U
3d Stage.. 30 1 12 15 $0
I
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing th»
Antiseptic Germlcial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
! physicians and nurses are in attendance. Tna
Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
, steam and open fires. The rooms — over 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
i nished. Many suites have private baths
! The Sanatorium is delightfully located", nln«
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
; acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
: are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed frea
, on application.
1 T&hTm 3 C O.. ln S a J n rl S A ey CaV 5 * 1^ SANA *
j — '■
MAKE PERFECT MEN
jtife s?i^, 1 v i Kja. i ja i M sas£S£-s
iar«*^ <B «S* lire can- be restored to you. The very
SHU XOT cured by PrKPF/'Tft
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you The very
worst cases of Xervoud Ilebllitv are
absolutely cured by PEKPFiTO
4V:V. -&.3iH I A15L.1/IS. Give prompt relief to in-
-7rijtv~2Ssa somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain ot vita ' powers, incurred by
UAS&^W"^ Indiscretions or excesses! of ear'y years,
♦i \>' ' imi'.irt vigor anil potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give /tmti bloom to th«
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of £HT«\vouneorold.
One 50c box renews vital energy. IJo boxes at
•B.SO a complete guaranteed cufeVrfttf or money re-
funded. Can be carried in ve*t pocket. "Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by TIIK PEIIFBCTO CO.. faTion Bldf., Chietgi, IU.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland. 0
thTweekly call;
J $1 per Year.FUGITIVE MOORE SEEN
NEAR NORTH SAN JUAN
-ft T ORTH PAX JUAN, April s.— The
j\ days of bad man Moore's sue
\ ce.ssful efforts in baffling pursuit
JL 1 seem to be numbered. He ven
tured too close to civilization to
md now the officers of .the law are
lia track, with every indication
ng to his early capture.
At daybreak this morning Moore — or
v swering his descrip
was i en about two miles below
this place by James Fogarty, a ditch
r of the Milton Ditch Company.
Ely an hour later scores of armed
in hot pursuit They took up
the point where the des
een and followed it in the
ground along the ditch for sev
liles. led them to an aban-
I cabin, where Moore is believed
pi last night. There the
was lost, but the manhuntors did
lir. It was the first time *in>-e
to the mountains
that any reliable trace of his where
in discovered and it im
the authorities with new hope.
To-night they believe that they are to
upon Moore's trail that they will
capture or kill him before sun
to-morrow.
ere is little doubt that the man
Pi gfarty was the desperado,
is not a man in this vicinity who
■ > Fogarty'e story, particular
later developments, which
■ ■ :. tatements md suspicions.
Wl fht of the
: stained ti ' the latter was
going toward San Juan. The ditch
tender, vet man by
his striking a] and gazed in
tently ai " within a hun
dred yards of Fogarty the t
step; • irnftig abrupt
ly ai tcks. Fo
• troused and he
a appearance criti
ind as straight
ng Mack hair. On
I a roll of blankets
to th.^ bulky roll was a
I shotgun. He carried a
his hand. By his
and white shepherd
.-'•her yel . red dog. it
y known whether Moore
with him. or whether he
than one dog during his
ida City.
■ . ler became convinced at
had discovered the dcs
■ appearance of the man
.'h the description of y
eeming anxiety tn avoid close
-arty doubly con
• H it was the murderer. Fog
unarmed. He came to town
rted his discovery.
The : Intense excitement.
■ •■ SI riff oamuel McCol-
I little difficulty in organizing
mt the fugitive. A
led at once to
Hill, and from there to
structing the peace officers
of th n the alert for
he atter...
by traveling that way. a
riff i — tchell
la City informing him of the
it t!,.-. Sheriff and his
ly out in the woods
Mountain searching in
ihe fugitive.
left here under the
puty Sheriff McCollough
put c • heir sturdy mountain
soon on the spot
seen. There they
: ■ ixefully scanned the
r the fugitive's trail. The
v \h» previous night left
lite damp, and every step
•:ng murderer took was plaln
the Boggy earth. The
led th" manhunters along the
.-. and then it
i off into th^ hillside. The foot
ts of the fugitive and his dogs led
through the thick brush far up
t Lone Ridge to a
ibm, known to the residents
.'an Appen cabin. The posse
thought they had the murderer cor
anced with rifles cocked
red on the open door of
the d ut. They railed out to
thf : : to surrender. Receiving
• y fired a volley into the
then advanced upon the
y hut. finding it unoccupied, but
: having been lately
■
The dyintc embers of a fire still
red on the boardless
floor of th<"- cabin and the room was
filled with the aroma of cooked meat.
A tin bU( the door, par
tially filled v. ith water, and on the
md on the :;orrh side of the cabin
... ; • otprints leading to a
-by spring. Not a scrap of meat
or a crumb of bread was found on the
I floor. This encouraged the
• .-■ in thtelr belief that they were on
th^ right track, as it is natural to sup
• Moore's dogs would d"your
BAD CONDITION OF
THE UNION BANK
In Worse Shape Than
Was Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April s.— The directors of
the i rings Bank, in examining
Into the assets and securities, find af
ndition than was ex
-3o far they have found $240,000
securities that are valueless,
and their work is not yet completed.
An expert is to be employed to go
.izh the books and some interesting
- are promised.
W. H. Wright, who was a director at
time of tho failure and later was
lent of the bank, was closely
■ : yesterday and to-day.
Irmed under some of the
d in regard to
Ighl « Ife loaned the
Union . :.k (60,000 and took a
k building and premises
as security. He endeavored to explain
the tra I claimed it was per
.. legitimate T\\ • > thousand dollars
has Lid on the indebtedness,
of 158,000. Wright
he would not transfer the
rty to the bank except on a judg
•urt.
W: ÜBked about $15,000 worth
Mercury stock which had
tbecated to the bank by
Charles M. Shortridge and which had
manner mysteriously disap-
Wright is now president of
: iry Company and the directors
■i he might have appropriated it
for himself. He said it had been given
n Jose Fruit Packing Com
wrhieb Wright is also an owner,
as security for loans. This did not sat
♦ ROBERT G. GOTES, tbe Orjly Eye-Witness to the
Murder of Policeroan h^ilroy.
everything that their master could not
eat.
While • examining the ground about
the cabin George Davis, '•ne of the
c, made a discovery that almost
dispelled all doubt that the man who
had so lately occupied the cabin was
Moore. Outside the door Davis picked
up several cigarette stumps, peculiarly
flattened at the m<uith end. These were
identically the same as some i'>und at
Moore's cabin on Little Deer Creek.
Moore is an inveterate cigarette smoker
and his peculiar method of smoking at
tracted the attention of those who
knew him intimately at Nevada City.
Early in his youth the murderer con
tracted the habit of placing his cigar
ette in the center of his Lips, flattening
out the end as a Chinaman does.
All attempts tn trace the murderer's
teps any distance away from the
cabin proved futile. The trail ended
there. The posse separated and formed
. ep circle on the ridge about the
lone cabin and beat the underbrush all
day without getting further trace of the
fugitive.
Deputy M'Coiiough said to-night he
considers it impossible for Moore to
elude pursuit another day. In the
morning the searching party will be
reinforced by a large posse from
Nevada City, headed by sheriff Get
chell. It will surround that portion of
the ridge between the French reservoir
and the Oak Tree ranch and thorough
ly search the country between th<
points.
There is good reason to suppose
■ has occupied the cabin sin< ■■
first day of his flight. It is an ideal
hiding place, situated high on the slope
of Lone Ridge, giving its occupa
full view of the neighboring country.
Moore's lonely mountain retreat is th'r
nearest thing to Evans and Sontag's
stone corral that one could imagin
Citizens from all of the neighboring
towns are preparing to join the pur
suing posses in the morning. If the
manhunters pick up the trail aeain in
the morning they hope to put an end
to his flight before sundown. It is evi
dent Moore attempted to take the route
outlined in The Call yesterday, but was
1 to journey westward away from
the snow, which at pres.-nt is fully fif
teen feet deep on the Sierras. Much
speculation is being indulged in here
to-night as to the route Moore took
in reaching this locality. Moore would
have to make his way through the
New York Canyon and cross the South
Yuba River at the electric power dam
or Purdom's Bridge. Both of these
crossings are bare of habitation and
Moore easily could have taken to the
road at either point without fear of
detection. If the Yuba River were not
such a raging torrent as it is at this
season of the year the fugitive might
have crossed it at any point farther
RUSSIA'S SERIOUS
LABOR TROUBLES
LONDON, April 6.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Times &
telegraphs an alarmist statement regarding the spread of serious labor <>
troubles and strikes in the manufacturing districts of Russia. Ominous •*
rumors, he says, are in circulation in St. Petersburg— reports of troops £
sent to repress outbreaks, of the wholesale destruction of property, of «
numerous arrests and of the sagging of the press— yet not half of what S?
Is happening ever reaches the ears of the capital. : 0
Towns, mills and factories, the correspondent declares, are literally £
inundated with secret societies and revolutionary proclamations by agi- V,
tators who are undoubtedly assisted from abroad. All this, together Q
with the agitation fostered by the students, creates a serious political -0
outlook. • r,
»\O\v\O\O\v\ O •.<:-*.-:-".o'.o*.v*.o\C'*.o\o\o'.OSiOSiOSSosiO%v».v '.vB
isfy the directors and the matter will
be gone into further. They are not
through with Wright yet and it is «aid
his knowledge of the bank's affairs will
make interesting reading.
A committee from the directors will
meet a committee of depositors on Sat
urday and discuss a plan of settlei
It Is said the depositors will be asked
to make a dlcount of their claims and
then assessments will be levied at once
to pay them.
Ward Wright's handsomo residence
on North First street was to have been
sold to-day to satisfy a Judgment ob
tained by F. C. Fisher for $2264. The
Union Savings Bank interposed with a
suit claiming title to the property and
a temporary restraining order was
granted. After the bank failure ;mrl
the Judgment was obtained Wright filed
a deed of the property to the bank that
had been made two years before.
YOUNG HIGHWAYMEN
GO TO SAN QUENTIN
SAN ANDREAS. April s.— Robert Mur
phy and Herman Westfall pleaded guilty
before Judge Gottschalk to-day in the Su
perior Court. They were arraigned for the
attempted robbery of the Valley Springs-
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THL T TJSDAY, APBIL 6, 1895.
west and fought shy of this vicinity,
ients here believe Moore did not
know he was so close to the town,
otherwise he would have kept hieher
up on the ridge to make certain of
avoiding detection. To-night Deputy
Sheriff McCollough said it was his
opinion that Moore's only means of es
cape would he to climb clear over Lone
Ridije, down through Moore's Flat and
across Allegheny into the Sierra Val
ley. As before indicated Moore would
scarcely attempt this perilous Journey
through the snow.
"We have him cornered up there on
the ridge just as sure as you were
born," said he. "Moore's jig is about
up and I think we will brine him in
either dead or alive within the next
twenty-four hours, mostly dead, how
ever, for I don't think it* will be wise
to take ar.v chances with the mur
derer. He is a desperate character and
can shoot accurately. It don't do to
tak^ any chances with desperadoes of
that sort, so I think the hoys will till
him full of lead on sight."
SAY THEY SAW MOORE.
.Chinese Near Nevada City Give the
Sheriff a Clew.
NEVADA CITY, April 5. — Sheriff
Getchell thinks he has a tangible and
satisfactory clew to the trail of Ed
Moore. To-day he and Deputy Pascoe
and others went down to the Nettleship
farm, between Grass Valley and Bear
River, where Farmer "Jack" Nettle
ship believes he saw Moore yesterday
morning. The officers found a Chinese
boss of the gang of woodchoppers work,
ing in that section who tells a story
that is given credence. His name is
Ah Goon and he is vouched for by
everybody in that section as being re
liable. When Moore's photograph was
shown to him he said:
"That man come to my cabin at dark
Monday night He ask for water and I
tell him where to get it. I make no
mistake, sure."
irley Lee, a Chinese living a mile
away and belonging to th^ same gang,
positively identified the photograph as
that of a man who called at his place
yesterday morning and asked for water.
The Sheriff sent a courier to the county
seat to-night saying he and his posse
wore on a hot trail and would keep on
the move all night in the hope of strik
ing Moore's camp fire, with the mur
derer rolled up in his blankets beside it.
At 8 o'clock to-night an effort was
made to communicate by telephone
with the Sheriff to inform" him of the
clew reported from North San Juan, but
he had gone back into the jungle with
his manhunters and could not be
reached.
Anprels Camp stage. Two weeks ago
these boys, both under 20 years, stopped
the Btage near Angels Camp. Messenger
Jackson shot Murphy through the body.
The hold-up occurred during a severe
snorm. and both robbers escaped In the
darkness. Murphy applied for medical
aid and gave the name of his accomplice.
Murphy whs strong enough to appear in
court to-day. Judge Gottschalk was
lenient with the culprits because of their
youth ami sentenced them to four years
in San Qucntin.
MARE ISLAND'S BIG DOCK.
Plans Completed and the Contract to
Be Let at Once.
WASHINGTON, April f..— Rear Admiral
ott, chief of the Naval Bureau of
Yards and Docks, to-day completed and
submitted to the Secretary of the Navy
the plans and specifications for the new
drydock at Mare Island, Cal. This is to
be an important undertaking, giving a
dock large enough to receive the largest
battleship. The ,imit of cost is
$825,000 and the specifications call
for the completion of the work within
two and a half years. The dock is to
be of timber. 750 feet long from ryead to
outer gate sill, 141 feet wide in body, 101
at entrance. 38 feet depth from' coping to
the floor and 30 feet draft over sill at
mean high water. The work will be ad
vertised and contract let at once.
HUSBAND'S RIGHT
TO BEAT A WIFE
St. Louis Police Judge Decides
That There fire Tinges WbcQ
Blows Are Justifiable.
g ST. LOUIS. April 5.— A decision was rendered by Judge Peabody in ■
'O the City Police Court to-day that under certain conditions a husband has O
•* the right to beat his wife. The case was of one Bernard Kretzer, £>
oj charged with beating his wife because she would not agree with him S?
§f in the management of their children. Judge Peabody said in passing i£
** judgment: 52
gjj "In this case the wife was more guilty than the husband for try- g»
q ing to contradict and thwart her husband's will in the presence of the «
25 children and setting them a bad example, which he had a right to re- JP
Q buke. There are times when a wife irritates her husband to such an jj
0 extent that he cannot control himself and uses his hand or fist. As #
§8 long as no serious harm is done I don't believe in punishment." 8?
TWO AGED MEN
VICTIMS OF FIRE
Remarkable Similarity
of Accidents.
Special Dtspatch to The Call.
SAN ANDREAS, April s.— Side by
side in the County Hospital of Cala
veras two old men are dying. Both
are horribly burned, the result of simi
lar accidents occurring on the same day
and almost at the same time, though
the victims were a half mile apart.
Adolph Teidemann is a German, 73
years of age.' His fellow sufferer, An
tile Nane. is also a German, 63 years
old. Both men a unmarried and each
lived alone in a little cabin near Rail
road Flat. Their ahodes were about a
half mile apart. Each man was by his
own fireside when he sustained the
burns that will cause his death. To
this extent the cases are exactly simi
lar. The only difference is in the
causes of the accidents and the portions
of the bodies burned.
On Monday night Nane went home
under the influence of liquqr arid while
intoxicated tipped over a lamp. The
burning oil spread rapidly over the
room and the clothing of the old man
and he was soon enveloped in flames.
When rescued his body from the waist
down to the feet was literally baked
to a crisp.
Teidemann went to his lonely cabin
on Monday night after having imbibed
more whisky than he could carry safe
ly. He succeeded in building a roaring
fire in the -zr^at open fireplace in the
cabin and presumably sat down before
the burning Ings to smoke. It is sup
posed the unfortunate man dropped
into a drunken sleep and fell forward
into the fireplace. How he escaped be
ing roasted into a cinder before a
chance arrival pulled him from the fire
is a mystery that will never be solved.
Teidemann is kept under the influence
of opiates constantly to relieve him
from' the awful agony he would other
wise suffer. He will never speak again.
Teidemann's appearance inspires hor
ror, even to the surgeons and hospital
attendants, accustomed as they are to
scenes of suffering. He is actually
baked through and through the chest,
trunk, back and left arm.
MADE CHIEF OF THE
BUREAU OF ORDNANCE
Colonel Buffington Appointed Briga
dier to Succeed the Late General
Flagler.
WASHINGTON, April s— The President
to-day appoint..! Colonel Adelbert I.
Burlington to bo brigadier general and
chief of the Bureau of Ordnance to suc
ceed the late General Flagler.
Colonel Bufflngton was appointed to the
Military Academy in 1856 from Virginia,
coming from that part of the State which
is now West Virginia. !!■• became a lieu
tenant at the beginning of the Civil War.
Being from the South he was strongly
urged to join the Confederacy, but resist
ed all appeals. He became a captain be
fore the close of the war. Aside from
a short service as a topographical en
gineer he had been continuously in the
ordnance corps.
Hia name is connected with a number
of important improvements in armament,
being the designer of the Bufflngton-Cro
zier disappearing gun carriage and the
field gun carriage in use by the United
States army. His promotion makf
tenant Colonel Lawrence S. Babbitt colo
nel. Major James W. Reilly lieutenant
colonel. Captain David A. Lyle major and
Lieutenant George W. Burr captain.
WOULD NOT SERVE
MILADY IN BLOOMERS
LONDON. April 5.— test case which
has excited great interest in cycling cir
cles was decided at the Kingston Ses
sions to-day when Lady Harberton
charged the landlady of a hotel with hav
ing refused to serve her because she was
attired in bloomers. Lady Harberton,
who is treasurer of the Rational Dress
League, said on the witness stand that
she had traveled 4000 miles and through
the west end of London in bloomers. The
landlady pleaded that she only refused to
serve her ladyship in the coffee room and
would have served her in a private room
or at the ordinary bar. She also claimed
her business would be ruined if she was
obliged to serve some women attired in
bloomers.
The jury decided against Lady Harber
ton.
CIVIL SERVICE REGULATIONS.
They Will Govern Employment at
Mints and Assay Offices.
WASHINGTON. April .">. — Assistant
Secretary Vffcderlip has issued new regu
lations regarding the civil service ap
pointments, promotions and transfers in
the mints and assay offices of the United
States. The positions are arranged un
der five general schedules— scientific,
clerical, mechanical, trade or skilled, posi
tions below classification and one other
not yet promulgated.
The scientific and clerical positions will
be filled after competitive examinations,
but without registrations, while the me
chanical trade or skilled positions will bo
filled after a slight educational teat and
a registration examination. The educa
tional test will be letter-writing, arithme
tic and plain copying; the registration
test will consist Of rating persons ac
cording to age, character as a workman
and range of experience. Physical quali
fications will also be considered. Credit
will be given for apprenticeship and work
as Journeymen. Graduates of technical
schools will be given a credit in lieu of
an apprenticeship.
« Joel Chandler Harris a
a $
0 Begins a New Series of His Fa- $
a wows a
% "BRER RABBIT" STORIES §
a In Next Sunday's Call. • • a
a o
ia»a»»oos»oo»»ooa»»o
DREYFUS CASE
REVELATIONS
Figaro Exposes General
Gonse's Acts.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Dennett.
PARIS, April s.— Hitherto the Fig
aro's revelations have contained noth
ing startling, but the deposition of M.
Bertulus, to be published to-morrow
morning, is most sensational.
It contains a statement that General
Gonse asked him to inform Colonel
Picquart that his whole future career
depended upon his attitude at the Zola
trial, and the confession of a woman
says that she wrote the Speranza tele
gram and the Paty dv Clam Blanche
telegram.
Its great feature is an acccount of
the scene with Colonel Henry, who
came from the War Ministry to exam
ine the seized papers, among which
were these two documents, which
proved that Esterhazy and Paty dv
Clam. had obtained culpable aid from
the Bureau dcs Renseignments. Colonel
Henry was struck dumb. M. Bertulus
then told him that Esterhazy had writ
ten before the Dreyfus case letters say
ing that Henry was incapable, needy
and his debtor. ML Bertulus pointed out
that these might warrant the conclu
sion that Colonel Henry had furnished
Esterhazy with information.
Henry vva« dumbstruck. Then sud
denly he embraced the magistrate and
kissed him many times, repeating,
"Save us."
At the next interview Henry, having
seen his chiefs, showed no uneasiness.
M. Bortulus is positive thai the veiled
lady was Paty dv Clam.
The Voltaire, emulating the Figaro,
to-day published an installment of
Dreyfus evidence in the shape of For
eign Office documents, in which it is
set forth that the Foreign Office re
ceived several official denials from
Colonel Schwartzkoppen, the former
German military attache here, and
from the Italian Government, em
phatically denying that they had had
relations with Dreyfus.
A document is published by the Vol
taire also showing that the French
Foreign Office intercepted a cc-ded tele
gram addressed by Colonel Pannissardi,
the former Italian military attache at
Paris, to his Government, showing that
he did not know Dreyfus.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
New Patents, Pensions ana Postoffice
Changes.
WASHINGTON. April 5.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Herman C. Boettiger and O.
Schlueter, Woodland, laying-out or em
balming board; A. W. and Louise Brandt.
Stockton, lire kindler; Edgar Cherry, San.
ta Rosa, advertising device; Fred H. Don
aldson, Garvanza. magneto-electric me
ter dynamo; George E. Dudley. Oakland,
surgical appliance; Edward L. Fissel,
Davisville, extension reel for harvesters;
Mayor Granat and L. F. Lamott, Stock
ton, weighing scoop; Henry Hickman,
San Francisco, curtain stretcher; Thomas
J. Hubbell, Santa Rosa, device for pene
trating frozen earth; Thomas R. Jones,
inento, street sweeper; Zobert S.
Moore. Oakland, holding device for rivet
ers; Victor E. Pernot, Colegrove, mitering
instrument; F. A. Pooler, Los Angeles.
conduit threader.
Oregon— J. T. Killin, Portland, dumping
car.
The following California postmasters
I were appointed to-day: S. W. Wendel, at
I Del Rosa, San Bernardino County, \i< o
! Joseph J. Cushing, resigned; E- B. Small
wood, at Fi shermans Bay, Sonoma Coun
ty, vice G. >!.' Martin, resigned; A. M.
Soward. at Volta, Merced County, vice E.
Soward. removed.
Pensions for California — Original:
Charles Carter, Pasadena, $12; Lebbaus
Scofleld, Lop Angeles. $8; Nathan H.
Shaw, Ventura, $10. Restoration and addi
tional — Francis E. Beahn, Los Angeles,
$6 to $12. Restoration and reissue— Leman
N, Barber, dead, Santa Cruz, $12. In
crease—John Whalln, Oakland, $t> to $S;
Henry Winter, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6
to $10. Original widows, etc.— Henrietta
Barter. Santa Cruz, $8; Rinda A. Beahn,
i Los Angeles. $8. Special, March 2b— Eli
i jah Boor, Santa Puula, $-1 to $6. Re
issue and increase: Andrew J. Graham,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8 to $10.
Oregon— Original: Deston High, Ash
land, $s; George F. Vose, Roseburg. $s;
Alex M. Beatty, Riddles. $8. Renewal—
naan D. Winn. Weston, $«. Increase-
Oliver D. Bates. Union, $6 to $S; Jean F.
Laurent. Kinton, $6 to $S.
Washington: Original— Leonhart Kass,
Ostrander, $6. Additional— James O.
' Smith. Vancouver, $6 to $8. Increase-
Charles Mills, Wooley, $6 to $10.
First Lieutenant Joseph Frazier, Ninth
United States Infantry, who was relieved
from duty as aid de camp on the staff of
Brigadier General Ezra P. Ewers, United'
: States Volunteers, will proceed irom New
| York City to San Francisco and report
in person to the commanding general, De
partment of California, for assignment to
duty. The commanding general will as
; sign Lieutenant Frazier to duty with
i troops en route from San Francisco to the
Philippine Islands, where he will join
: his regiment.
The following enlisted men, now en
| route to San Francisco, will, upon their
arrival, be discharged from the service
of the United States by the commanding
general. Department of California: Pri
! vate Charles Pleasant^. Company D,
Tenth Pennsylvania; Private Lewis H.
"Wallace, Company 11. Thirteenth Minne
sota; Private Harry H. Cramer, Company
B, First North Dakota.
The telegraphic instructions directing
the discharge from the service of Mu
sician Jay H. Upton, Company H, Sec
\ ond Oregon Infantry, are hereby con
firmed. This soldier is entitled to trans
! portation to San Francisco.
Private James Jimmon. Company C.
1 First Tennessee Infantry, now in the
I hands of the civil authorities at* San
\ Francisco, will be discharged without
! honor from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of the
Presidio. San Francisco.
By order of the Postoffice Department
i and until further notice all mails for New
I Zealand, unless specially addressed other-
I wise, should be forwarded exclusively to
San Francisco for dispatch per steamer
sailing from the latter port.
Cupola Seen at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. April 5.-P. Cupola, the
young Slavonian who disappeared from
Gilroy, leaving numerous creditors, ar
! rived here on Sunday and left this morn
ing, presumably for San Francisco. He
had $140 with him.
SENATOR QUAY'S
ALLEGED BRIBES
Legislative Committee's
Investigation.
WILLIAM WILSON ON THE HACK
REFUSES TO TELL WHO OFFERED
HIM HONEY.
Had Been Twice Offered Five Hun
dred Dollars to Change His Vote
in the Pennsylvania Sen
atorial Contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG, Pa,, April s.— The
bribery investigation committee re
sumed work to-day. The committee
expects to complete the hearing of wit
nesses on Friday and file its report
next Monday.
William Wilson of Westmoreland,
who testified at the previous meeting
of the committee that he was twice of
fered $500 to change his vote from
Colonel Huff to Senator Quay— half \
cash and the balance after he had j
voted — and then declined to give the
name of the person who made the al
leged offer, was the first witness called
to-day. Mr. Young moved that the wit
ness be excused until 2 o'clock in order
that he might consult with his attor- i
ney. Without putting the motion
Chairman Fow said to Wilson:
"Do you know John R. Byrne, who
ran for the State Senate in the Fayette !
Green District last fall and was de
feated?"
"I do."
"Was it he who made this offer to
you?"
"I decline to answer."
Chairman Fow advised Wilson that 1
he would place him in the custody of j
| the sergeant-at-arms for contempt un-'
j less he answered the question. Pend- i
ing such action, however, the motion to j
extend Mr. Wilson's time until after
nonn was adopted.
Charles P. Harder, assistant post
master at Danville, Pa., was called at !
the evening session and denied that he
told Representative Foster of Mon-
I tour that if he went into the Republi
can Senatorial caucus and voted for |
Quay he was authorized by Mr. Quay j
to say to Foster that he (Harder)
would be appointed postmaster. Har
der stated that Mr. Quay never told
him that he would be appointed if Fos- ;
ter went into the caucus and voted for ,
him. He admitted that he advised |
Foster to go into the caucus because he i
was elected as a Republican, and in
sisted he held out no inducement to
I attend the caucus, or that he talked I
with him about the postoffice when this
conversation occurred. He charactar- j
| ized Foster's statement about the post- j
office as a pure fabrication.
Harder said he and Thomas J. Price j
were applicants for the Danville post
mastership, and by agreement with ex-
Congressman Kulp of Shamokin he
i withdrew and Price was appointed, and j
j the witness selected as his assistant, j
I He added -that he had never had any j
conversation in Harrisburg with Fos
ter about the Danville postoffice.
The committee adjourned until to
| morrow afternoon.
Market for Horses.
WOODLAND, April s.— During the past
two or three months a larpe number of
Yolo County horses and mules have been i
BOid for the Sandwich Island market.
AD VERT! SEMENTS.
! JSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHrMAXITY
1 . uk who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your !
1 C^wa^r^ wnbftfon
rff* 'J^ P}*S Q mm*
DOCTOR SWEANY*
The old reliable and longest-established special-
ists on the Pacific Coast.
NERVOUS DKBILITYand all Its attend-
ing aliments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains In th»
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany s '
special treatment can cure you. no matter who
or what has failed.
■\VKAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions aru
restored to full power, strength and vigor.
RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
out knife, trues or detention from work— a pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VAItII'OCKLE, hydrocele. swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated successfully.
CONTAOIOITS BLOOD POISON, SYPH-
ILIS and all disease* of the blood promptly
and thoroughly cured and every trace of th«
poison eradicated from the system forever,
restoring health and purity.
PKIVATr. DISEASES, inflammation, dis-
charges, etc.. which. If neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and causa
kidney disease, etc.. permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters cona.
(Sential and answered in all languages.
HOMK TRKA 1 Mb. NX -The most success,
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
fession. Thousands who were unable to call .it
office have been cured at home by our special
treatment. Consultation free. Cell cr address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.* San Francisco,
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m. ; 2 to 3 and 7 to I
p. m.; Sundays from 10 to 12.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A treat Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
322 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
gg|g|Dfl. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
wi' fK? Five hundred reward for any
SF 8 " . ■■"« case we cannot cure. This secret
[jL_ mr -M remedy stops all losses in 24
NM EfflS hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
rjTTl Kill tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
SEM T» Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
jpHLJBSSI Manhood and all wasting effects
**" -* *-*-— - of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, 866 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also tor
sal* at 1071 Vi Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
■ * ■ ■ l • - . ...-■■"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfIHCARTERS
£$$§$& *$$ 89! 3 B ©
SICK MEAOIGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. 1
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
-#-O-*O-«-C>-«- -♦■ O-*-O-*-O-«-O-«-O-*-O-»'
* accsert, ♦
♦ ■■'■IN 'HIM IMMIMIIMI *
OI \ 9
I » Natural Mineral Water ♦
♦ tuts known for centuries and ♦
O JME», imported o
♦ i?£|iBL ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ tfnjjggfflL For Disordered Stomach ♦
♦ IffillPl and Indi & eßtion - °
° fe*£.r Titbits value has been test!- o
♦ ££££££■ fied to by thousands. ♦
♦ VICHY I So-called Vichy in Sy- ?
° """^TaftiT-" 1 phons i
♦ K§Sbl Is NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ '^QS$ Get the Genuine. J
9 Ibbii^mH Your physician O
♦ LaiffHSi?^? wl " recommend it. ♦
♦ gaai^ A - VIQNIER. Difltributing £
-•-©-♦■o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o ♦ o-«-o-*o ■♦•©-♦-o-4-o^
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is Bold under positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
1 Dizzi;ioss, Wakefulnosa, Fits. Hystork, Quick-
i ness. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
! douce. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Upo of Tobacco, Opium,
j or Liquor, -which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At storo or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $5; with written guarantee'to
cure or refund money, Sample pack-
age, containing five days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. jtji)
§52?" Red Label Special j£jtt93lj
\ Extra Strength. WlfifL J
For Impotency, Loss ofw»''^W
Powpr. Lost Manhood, \j JjKt
Sterility op Barrenness.',. T»
$1 a box; eiz for 5, with*/T<ow'
"written sr^ aranteesj»«^4j,* s
_ p. r ,.tfl enrein 30 dayo. At £tore ''iiiiiy!sL^
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol« AgU..
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
* "^^Wr— it -
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New. Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland, $>; via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & > . P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P. R. R. to CalUtoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIO,
Highland Spring*. Lake County, Cal., or see
L. D. CRAIG. 315 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland. *
AHRENS, PEIN & BfLLWINKEL, •
620 Post St., San Francisco.
SKftGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County; only 4 1 ; hours from San
Francisco, and but 9 miles staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State: swimming and boating r grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and- afternoon
stages- round trip from San Francisco only
$"> 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erence?, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly increasing — last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGRKW, Proprietor.
THE V'AVI DETD'EiT Situated five miles
lHb J OIA KfclKtAl from Gilroy.
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
in California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts: good board with all the
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY, P. O. box 87,
Gilroy.
• — r
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also in new cottages, Just
completed. •;-':'-"
MRS. f\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick, Siskiyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SOX BROS.. Proprietors.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage daily
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER, Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MK3.
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
56
THURSDAY APRIL 6. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market end Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 OENTB PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
pAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Coll), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), > months 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Sins'" Month 6 3c
SUNDAY CALL One Year *- B0
VEKKLY CALL. One Year 1-00 i
All postmasters are- authorized to receive subscriptions.
fciiiv.pln copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON »D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, '
cpen until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1541 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2*91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
Grand Opera House— "The Black Hussar."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
Tlvoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Alhambra— "Married. Not Mated."
California— lan Maclaren.
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
Hid evening.
Olympta— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House— Saver Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
April 19.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements even'
Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By E. B. Spear & Co.— day. at 11 o'clock, furniture
and works of art, at corner of Fllmore and Union streets.
By Eastern. Eldridge & Co.-Tuesday, April 11, at 12
o'clock, real estate, at 63S Market street. ■
FOR THE WIDOWS AND THE ORPHANS.
/^*OXFROXTED by the action of the Board of
I Supervisors reducing the price of lighting to
consumers in this cay from the former extor
t:onate rates to a reasonable charge, the gas com
as up the old familiar wail that ruin and deso
lation is about to befall the widow and the orphan.
The argument of the monopoly virtually amounts
to a plea that the people of San Francisco should
continue to pay excessive charges for gas and for
e'ectric lights as an act of charity to the widow and
the fatherless. The assertion is that widows own
stock and orphans own stock in the company, and
that a reduction of revenue to the company means
destitution in the homes of these dependent ones.
Such a plea, no matter with what tearful eloquence
pleaded, nor with what amount of money its publi
cation : I in corporation journals, cannot
affect t - tent of intelligent men. A due con
sideration of the needs of the great majority of
widows and orphan* in this city requires ihat extor
tionate rates shall be prohibited. For one
widow who owns stock in the gas company there are
fifty who do not. For one orphan who would be bene
fited by the triumph of the monopoly there are a
hundred who would be injured.
Shall a few widows and orphans who have invested
t'nTir earnings in watered gas stock go about bearing
upon their bones the meat furnished by thousands of
other widows and orphans?
Moreover, the claims for justice of the widows and
the fatherless among the stockholders should be di
rected not against the public but against the company
that i-^ued watered stock a:ul sold it to such innocent
purchasers. Even at the rates fixed by the Super
s the gas company can pay ample dividends on
all its rightful capitalization. It has no right what
. after having put forth shares representing a fic
titious capital, to now demand that the public shall"
bull those shares in the stock market ur consenting
to pay exorbitant rates tor pa=;.
The gas company, however, is not the only sinner
in this respect, nor by any mean's the greatest. That
domineering monopoly known as the telephone com
pany has a long score of offenses against the public
to be dealt with. It is another charger of extortion
ate rates, ostensibly for the benefit of the widow and
t!;e orphan. For that company also a day of reckon
ing is coming, when competition will compel it to
.give San Francisco a better service for less money or
gait the business.
Investigations made by the Postoffice Department
of London have disclosed that telephones can be
profitably operated in that city for £3. or about $15, a
\ear. The experience of several cities in the United
States has shown that where competing telephones
are in operation the cost to the public is hardly one
half what is charged by the monopoly here. That
fact was fully brought out by Congressional investi
gation resulting from extortionate telephone charges
in Washington City.
The telephone monopoly in this city not only
charges rates so high as to prevent the great majority
of widows and orphans from Having the benefits of
the invention, but the service is poor, and, as has been
shown by The Call, the secrets of patrons are frc
qurntly betrayed by the company or its employes to
rivals in business, or to spies, or to almost any one
who will pay for them.
It is lull time that San Francisco were rid of the
bvrdens and the vexations of this monopoly, and
fortunately the end is near at hand. In this case, as
in that of the gas company, moreover, the fight is
made for the public generally, including the widow
and the orphan.
REMEMBER THE HEROIC DEAD.
REMEMBER the heroic dead whose bodies are
to be buried in the historic cemetery of Arling
ton to-day, and in whose honor the President
has ordered that the flags of the nation shall be dis
played at half-mast during the afternoon.
The people should unite with the Government in
this solemn commemoration. Let every flag in San
Francisco be made an evidence of the sympathy of
the citizens with the simple but solemn ceremony
that will to-day engage the attention of the national
"capital. Float every flag at half-mast. The service
should not be overlooked in any office, or store, or
factory, or household in the city. It is the duty of
all.
\\ herever there is a nuisance there is a way to get
rid of it. and accordingly it would be worth while for.
the Supervisors to give the turntable at Lotta's foun
tain another whirl in the courts.
TH^ JURY SYSTEM.
THE present Governor of the State has been se
verely and justly criticized for his failure to sign
amendments to the Code of Civil Procedure that
would have improved the manner of selecting jurors.
j But it may as- well be understood by the public that
j the deepest evils in our jury system grow out of the
' manner of its administration and cannot be cured
merely by legislation. Occasional investigations are
paraded and the country for brief periods imagines
[ that public exposure will insure actual reform.
These spectacular episodes, however, are usually
mere sideshows that do not even ruffle the serenity
of the men who are really conversant with the
methods employed in "influenced" litigation.
There is nothing more difficult to trace and to
prove than the "fixing" of juries. But there are
some observed facts that go a long way in the right
! direction. For example, there are many persons of
| limited incomes, retired from active business, who
seek to get their names in the jury-box or on special
venires, of which many are summoned at the City
Hall and in interior counties where "Courthouse
rings" exist. This is accomplished by suggestion,
usually through friends within and without municipal
! and county offices. Of these men some are honest j
I and simply anxious to earn a per diem. But the
• practice is vicious, for it opens the door to the pol
, luted hacks who aspire only to opportunities to per
vert justice, either by controlling verdicts or forcing
disagreements. Again: A panel of jurors drawn
from a box will probably contain a fajr proportion of
| reputable citizens, not anxious to. serve, but also a
I number who are so thoroughly trained and ex
| perienced that they can begin a trial with a fixed pur- |
1 pose to disregard the evidence, and achieve their ob- j
• ject without danger of exposure. These villains, for
such they are, promptly obey every call. They are
1 letter perfect on their voir dire and never reveal
( knowledge of a party or of the subject matter at is
; sue or any bias, prejudice or opinion whatever. After
| four peremptory challenges on each side they cannot
be excluded, and once sworn the mischief is done.
A striking illustration of this method of corruption
! deserves notice. In an action against a railroad cor
i poration the regular panel in a department of the
Superior Court consisted of no citizens, or there-
I abouts, of whom eighty were beyond criticism, and
; the others mainly belonged to the wretched class we
have described. There, as in other departments, after
; the panel had been drawn, in order to minimize the
; inconvenience of service, jurors were specially noti
fied to attend by postal-cards, sent by the clerk or by
the bailiff. In the case before us, where the prelim
inary tests were necessarily rigid, the box was filled
up eight times before a full jury was obtained.
. Eighty-two jurors, the best of the lot, failed to an
swer when their names were called. The others were
all present, and a disagreement inevitably followed.
. It appears certain that in this instance, endlessly re
peated, for some occult reason many notices were
,' suppressed.
Such frauds are perpetrated under the judicial eye
i and in such an example as we have given connivance
,by court officers was essential to success. The Judges
: are unconscious of the rascality, which could be
easily blocked by alertness on their part. But there
j are many ways, both in original selection and in
specific trials, in which tainted and cunning agents of
special interests succeed in defeating righteous judg
ment. The weaknesses, the necessities and the sur
, roundings of 'jurors are studied, and they are sub
jected to the most insidious approaches. Corrupt ver
dicts or equally corrupt disagreements are not al
ways procured by the direct expenditures of money.
The influences employed are as diverse as individual \
' situations and temperaments.
It is said that there are corporations in San Fran
cisco that, for their own guidance, have descriptive
lists of citizens eligible to jury duty, and who instruct
their attorneys, so that they can select jurors prac
tically without examination. This enormous advan
tage over ordinary litigants produces marked inequal
ity before the law.
The jury system is necessary to free government.
Most American citizens make honest jurors. But it
is too evident for discussion that while safeguards in
selection, such as those incorporated into the amend
ments discarded by the Governor, are important, in
creased vigilance and more practical discrimination
by courts, by their officers and by the bar, are even of
more vital consequence.
FRUIT GROWING IN FLORIDA
T~\ CCORDIXG to a Floridian correspondent o
f\ the Savannah News, the outlook lor the pro
* * duction of tropical fruit in Florida is by no
means promising. After pointing out that for sev
eral winters in succession the fruit crops have been
killed, and that the various means resorted to f_o
protection have proven ineffectual, the writer says
"Major George R. Fairbanks, an old and highly es
teemed citizen of Florida, says our climate has no
changed; that freezes have always prevailed here
But Major Fairbanks does not live in South Florida
his home being in the old seaport city of Fernandina
We of South Florida know that the climate has
changed in a general way; that we are now unable
to grow guavas. bananas and sometimes mulberries
and that our young budded orange trees are killec
Pred every winter."
st not be supposed that Floridians suffered the
ive losses of their crops without making earnes
■t!y efforts to save them. The trees were bankec
with earth and leaves, fires were kept burning in the
orchards on cold nights, and high fences were erecte<
X windbreaks; 6ut all in vain. It is noted by the
er to whom we have referred that even the coy
ering of groves with close sheds, as Millionaire Stet
son has done at De Land, did not save exposed trees
without the aid of well-kept-up fires inside the in
clcsure.
It appears from that record that the growing of
oranges and pineapples in Florida can be made a safe
business onl}- where the orchards are covered from
wind and rain and are- warmed by fires. That means
every orchard must be made virtually a conservatory.
Such being the conditions of the industry in that
State, it is not likely to prove profitable in the face of
the increasing competition of California.
Whether the theory that the climate of Southern
Florida has changed can be sustained or not, it is
certain a remarkable change has occurred in the fruit
industry of the State. Thousands of people have gone
to Florida within the last few years to engage in
orange growing, lands were sold at boom prices and
millions of money were invested by settlers who ex
pected to obtain large profits from their venture. Re
cently these orchards have been mowed down by
frosts as a wheat field is shorn by a harvester. Main
families have lost about all they ever possessed, and
the outlook is so discouraging that a considerable
number have lost hope as well as fortune.
Of course in the end the Floridians will find some
industry which can be counted on. The State has
many resources and many attractions, and American
energy- and skill can be relied upon to make profitable
k use of them. For the time being, however, it looks as^
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, APETL 6, 1899.
if the Floridians would have to live mainly on game
and fish and rely for money upon Northern tourists
and the sale of phosphates.
THE ZIONIST MOVEMENT.
THE persistence of the Jew as a part of the mod
ern world and distinct from it is one of the mar
vels of the world. That race has taken a fore
most place in art, science and finance, and has been at
the head in major statesmanship and has played no
mean part in war. At the same time it has remained
as distinct as it was before Moses led it out of
Egyptian bondage into the freedom of the wilderness.
Its history is an impressive story of the mighty pre
potency of the great nomads from whom it sprang,
for out of their shepherd tents issued a line of
prophets, priests and kings outdazzling the rulers of
the first empires, and leaving behind a literature
which is the world's greatest religious and intellectual
inspiration in these latter days.
Where are the people of Babylon? Where the race
of Jamshyd? Where now the blood of the Mace
donian conqueror? What commou principle and
frith is there to lead the modern Latins in recreating
the glories of Rome on the soil where they flourished?
What trumpet-blast shall resurrect the one purpose
and assemble the people of the blood that built the
empire of Charlemagne? Division, destruction,, the
melting of common bonds, make up the history of
them all.
But between the black Jew, who lives neighbor to
the Tamils and responds to their language as old as
Sanskrit, in the speech in which Abraham uttered
prayers over his dead, and the cringing Russian
Hebrew and the lordly capitalists of Frankfort and
the English Jew, who has seen his race rule the Brit
ish empire and preside over the Capitol of the Anglo-
Saxon world, there is the old tie of the tribes, made
in the wilderness, before the Ark of the Covenant,
that has persisted unbroken, while the race has been
scattered like ashes to the four winds, has borne the
yoke of oppression and the lash of persecution,
groaned in bonds and tasted death in every form
zealots can invent and cruelty inflict. Running with
this common tie has long been an aspiration to pos
sess Palestine again, to repeople the land which their
fathers entered when it was full of corn and wine,
flowing with milk and honey.
The movement toward Zion has taken organized
shape. The Jew in all lands lifts his face toward
Judea, and the whole world is for an hour withdrawn
from its strifes and struggles to look upon a move
ment that is of greater interest than the exploiting of
a new continent.
To repeople Palestine requires that the land be re
clad in the forests that made it fruitful. Where the
daughters of Shiloh were found dancing in the vine
yards by the sons of Benjamin the blear sands scorch
in the sun. Naboth's vineyard is as dry as the bones
of Jezebel. Where Ruth gleaned in the field no green
blade is tipped with dew. The springs and wells
around which the people rested on the way to the
Passover, no longer affluent, feed no rills.
The forests are gone, and the beauty of the land
and its fountains went with them. The early and the
latter rain falls upon the sand. If Israel move upon
the land again to restore it the first energy expended
must be in bringing back its trees and fountains. In
this respect alone the Zionist movement is of first in
terest to the world. The desert has claimed the seat
of the shepherd kings: Babylon, Palmyra, the great
scats of ancient empire, are all buried in the sands,
and there are none to resurrect them. If the Jew go
back to Zion and, applying that persistence which has
marked his race, shall recall the verdure, the mea
dow?, the vineyards, the bosky glens and sweet oases,
the possession of which called out all the poetry in the
souls of his fathers, a work will be done hardly sec
ond to the Exodus.
THE TURNTOBL,E CfISE.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Chronicle,
considers that Judge Bahrs, in his decision in
the Geary-Street turntable case, evaded the
main proposition by deciding that no issue was pre
sented on the question of nuisance. It is the opinion
of this able journalistic counsel that the lawyers for
the Superintendent of Streets got a nuisance before
the court in their pleadings, and it is unable to see
how Judge Bahrs could sustain the objections of the
railroad without doing violence Jo what it calls
"equity."
If our contemporary were as familiar with equity as
it is with turntables it would know that no man can
appeal to equity who has a speedy, complete and
adequate remedy at law. This may sound a trifle
technical to the average reader of newspaper law, but
it ought to be entirely familiar to the Chronicle,
which in the domain of judicial journalism occupies
the same position that Chief Justice Beatty occupies
in the jurisprudence of the State.
Judge Bahrs has simply held in the case under
consideration that the proper remedy for abating
nuisances such as the Geary-street turntable is alleged
to be is an action at law. In an action at law a jury
may be impaneled and the fact whether or not the
turntable is a nuisance tried according to the rules of
law. In other words, he holds that the question of
nuisance cannot be debated in an application for a
writ of injunction, which is an equitable proceeding.
Though we claim no precedence at the bar, we yen- j
ture to say that this position is eminently correct, j
not only on legal technical grounds, but on broad i
grounds of public policy. Property rights are too
sacred to be placed within the absolute control of
Boards of Supervisors and other political officials, j
The turntable of the Geary Street Company may be,
and probably is, a nuisance. If it did nothing more
than annoy our contemporary we should consider it
a flagrant nuisance. But there is a legal and proper |
way of ascertaining its character and procuring its j
removal. That way, we are free to say, does not lie j
through resolutions by Boards of Supervisors and
raids in pursuance thereof by Superintendents of
Streets.
However, our esteemed contemporary may easily
ascertain whether or not Judge Bahrs is right. It can
take his decision to the Supreme Court, which has
everybody's confidence and which rarely gets off the
track on law propositions. Beyond question that
tribunal will uphold him.
The Washington Post recently gave half a column
of its valuable space to an account of how Creelman
the Prevaricator was kicked by a mule, thus showing
that evert well regulated journals sometimes give un
due prominence to what is merely a family quarrel in
low life.
The partition of Samoa will give Mataafa a chance
to rule in the German division, young Malietoa will
assume the scepter in the British domain, and in the
American portion we shall have the long desired sight
of an office seeking a man.
The Canadian annex to the Examiner and truckling
bidder for railroad patronage assume? that it has some
connection with the Republican party. That party is
j composed of American citizens and needs no advice
jjrom Canada.
THE GOVERNOR AND
THE JURY STUFFERS
SAN FRANCISCO, April 3, 1899.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The action of Governor Gage in
vetoing Senate bill No. 202, known as the "Braunhart bill," introduced by
Senator Braunhart, the passage of which was ably advocated by The Call,
has been a source of regret to those interested in the amelioration of the
evils of the jury system in this city and county.
The bill was aimed at the abuses which have crept into the jury sys
tem and which were so fully exposed by the public press generally in San
Francisco during the last year.
As was fully shown by the press in the year 1597, in this city and
county, out of claims aggregating $325,000 the Market-street Railway Com
pany was compelled to pay only $5000 in one year and the Southern Pa
cific Company escaped with a loss of only $500 out of claims aggregating
$200,000. This is the condition of affairs that the bill was designed to rem
edy and that it would have proved effectual there can be no doubt.
Heretofore it had been the custom for jurors to serve year after year,
and they were transferred from one department of the Superior Court to an
other. The bill in question provided that a juror should serve on only five
cases during a year, and then it provided he was to be excused from further
duty. This would not only kill the occupation of the "professional juror,"
but would remove the objection that business men have to serving on
juries. Had this bill received the seal of executive approval it would have
been reasonable to predict that the Market-street Railway Company and the
Southern Pacific Company would -have provided their cars with fenders as
provided by law and would have in other respects conformed to the regula
tions of the State and city for their government, but it is fair to assume that
they will now do in the future as they have done in the past, viz., refuse
to equip their cars with the proper appliances for saving lift and defy the
provisions of the law, knowing that it is cheaper to rely upon a "stuffed"
jury than to incur the expense necessary to enable them to carry on their
business lawfully and with due regard for the safety of human life.
The chief executive cannot plead ignorance of the existence of the evils
this bill was designed to remedy. The legislators were fully advised of the
abuses of the jury system and promptly assented to the measure, knowing
it was a move in the direction of decency and right.
Besides the newspapers of the city and county of San Francisco, the
Superior Judges, many of the officers and members of the Bar Association,
the leading members of the legal profession. County Clerk Deane and his
efficient chief deputy, Joseph Goddard, had all announced their approval of
the measure and many of them were active in securing its passage.
And furthermore, the writer, having drawn the measure, thought it
proper to put before the Governor the facts and circumstances that led to
the preparation and introduction of the bill, which he did in due time in a
communication forwarded to the Governor.
If in the stress of official duties the Governor overlooked the bill in ques
tion then, of course, the offense can be condoned, but if upon his own respon
sibility or moved by some occult influence he intentionally "pocketed" the
measure he places himself in the attitude of aiding and abetting the case
fixer and jury-stuffer.
It is a matter of sincere regret to those interested in a decent and or
derly administration of justice, especially in the city and county of San
Francisco, that a piece of legislation of grave importance to the proper ad
ministration of law in this city and far-reaching !n its beneficent effects on
our courts, after having secured the unanimous vote of the Legislature,
should be rendered ineffectual through executive neglect, taking the most
charitable aspect of the case. Very sincerely, S. V. COSTELLO.
SIGNING THE STATEMENTS.
Dan Burns tried very hard to buy his way,
Spending $ome Jcads; 'tis Surely Sad, 'twas $o.
He's older now and knoweth more, they say.
I doubt: (Here sign). PRO BOKO PUBLICO.
The depot was a dreadful, thieving- job.
And several reputations went to grass.
Some men conspired our glorious State to rob!
For further facts apply to VERITAS.
Hereafter when we count the city's cash
We'll have no use for "hefter" or for weigher!
That sort of method leads to final smash.
The author this time surely is TAX I /» Y Mi.
Now Ingleside no more a scandal is,
But will the Board resist the wily briber?
If not we'll roast them well. You bet! Gee whizz:!
That is the duty of AN OLD SUBSCRIBER.
Let Morehouse smile — his hide is tender still!
Let Johnson weep — and curse the PUBLIC pen.
The needed lash will blister with good will!
I'll sign this now. 'Tis (Signed), OLD CITIZEN.
GAGE DISGRACED THE STATE.
V Governor Gage did not sign the bill authorizing the payment to
Q Claus Spreckels of the $26,000 advanced by him for the relief of the
S> drought victims of San Luis Obispo and Monterey counties. Some
3> months ago the people of those communities were actually suffering for
# the want of food for themselves and their stock. The Examiner organ
§ized relief expeditions and sent many carloads of food to the sufferers,
but this was not sufficient and so the people appealed to the State for
$ aid. It happened that the State had no fund that could be legally used
g for such a purpose, although not a voice was raised against the idea
of the State rendering the aid. Then it was suggested that if some
$ one with money would advance $25,000 for the immediate relief of the
£ sufferers, whose needs were urgent, the amount would be returned by
3> an appropriation of the next Legislature to whoever would advance it
± Claus Spreckels. the big-hearted capitalist, put up the money, and in ac-
cordance with the agreement the Legislature passed a bill reimbursing
him. Now comes the news that Governor Gage refused to sign the bill
± His refusal is a disgrace to the State, for which every honest citizen
X should blush. — Merced Sun.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. P. Stacy, a prominrnt resident of
Minnesota, is at the Occidental.
Dr. H. N. "Winton of Haywards is at
the California, accompanied by his wife.
R. S. Lenhardt. a mine-owner of Yreka.
is at the Grand with his wife for a short
visit.
John Irwin, a large fruit-grower of
Santa Paula, is a late arrival at the
Russ.
W. S. Conway, a prominent merchant
of Castella, is making the Russ his head
quarters.
A. M. Woolson, a merchant of Toledo, j
Ohio, is at the Palace with his wife 'and '
two daughters.
William W. Hague, a capitalist of Phil- ;
adelphia, Pa., Is visiting this State and
Is registered at the California.
J. O. Carlisle of Angels Camp, and :
Thomas E. Johnson of San Jose, both i
mining men, are registered at the Lick. :
Rev. Daniel G. McKinnon and wife of
Stockton, and J. C Fraser, a banker of
Stockton, and his sister, are among the
guests at the Occidental.
Jesse Poundstone, a merchant of
Grimes; H. H. Blood, a Virginia City !
mining man, and Judge A C. Hinkson of j
Sacramento are among the arrivals at
the Grand.
Harvey E. Lounsbury. traveling freight !
agent of the Southern Pacific Company's
lines in Oregon, came down from Port- ;
land yesterday morning with his wife ;
and engaged apartments at the Califor- :
nia.
J. Renato Valle, an extensive silk mer
chant of Buenos Ayres, left for the
Orient yesterday on the steamer. He is .
the bearer of diplomatic letters from Ar- i
gentine to the Japanese Government, and ;
will probably represent the latter in some
consular capacity on his return.
Charles G. Raub of Meridian, who rep
resented the Eighth Assembly District,
comprising Yuba and Sutter counties, in
the last Legislature, is in the city for a
brief stay. Mr. Raub was chairman of ,
the Committee on Corporations, and per- ;
formed zealous and indefatigable service i
in that connection. He also made an en- j
viable record by exposing the efforts
made to bribe him into voting for Burns
for Senator.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, April s.— John Marsh of
San Francisco is at the Savoy. Mrs. M.
H. Fisher of San Francisco is at the Bre
voort. H. E. Loose of San Jose is at the
ManHattan. •
Mary Baker Eddy's letter to Chris
tian Scientists, in next Sunday's
Call,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
|
PUZZLES AND PROBLEMS— H B
£Sles Tn£ SbS. M dOeS nOt «-weV
ACADEMIC LEAGUE FIELD DAT-L.
E. F.. San Mateo, Cal. The mile run dur
ing the last held Academic League field
day was made in s:os. 8 neia
MARY • STEWART -ignoramus. City.
There is a tragedy entitled "Mary Stew
art, written by V. Alfieri, another of the
»7,,Mme written by A C. Swinburne
and -Mary Stewart and the Maid of Or I
leans, a play, was written by Schiller.
GARFIELD'S FAMILT-X T Z
ZlVFt* CaL JameS A- and Lucretia R."
Garfleld were the parents of seven chill
l r.ci?: One. a daughter, died in Infancy-
At the time of Garfleld's assVsinatfon
TO BE AN ENGINEER.-An A. M..
< Ity. A young man who desires to be an
engineer on board of a vessel must fIS
to remain in the first place a^M Te
■■li
C.? ATSw^ THE WEE K-Subscriber.
City. While the Romans have directly
given us the names of the months, we
have immediately derived those of the
2 from X the Saxons- Both among the
Romans, however, and the Saxons the i
several days were dedicated to the chief I
national deities and in the character of
these several sets of national deities
there is in nearly every Instance an ob
vious analogy and correspondence; so
that the Roman names have undergone
little more than a translation in the
Saxon and consequently English names.
The following is a: history of the days of
the week:
oiTJl'v 111 '! 1 day of the week ls Sunnan-daer
with the Saxons; Dies Solis with the Romans
Monday is Monon-daeg with the Saxons; Dies
Lunae with the Romans. Tuesday 13 among
the Saxons, Tues-daeg— that is, Tuesco's day—
rrom Tuesco, a mythic person, supposed to have
been the first war-like leader of the Teutonic
nations; among: the Romans it is Dies Mart:<=
the day of Mar*, their god of war. The next
day of the week was among the Saxons
oden - s-daeg. the day of Woden, or Ode n
another mythical being of high warlike repu
tation amotJK the northern nations, and the
nearest in character to the Roman god of
war; among the Romans this day was Dies
Mercurii. Mercury's day. The next. Thors
da f5 of 'the Saxons was dedicated to their
god Thor. who, in his supremacy over other
grods, and his attribute of the Thunderer cor
responds very exactly to Jupiter, whose day
this was (Dies Jovls) among the Romans Fri
oay, dedicated to Venus among the Romans
(Dies Venerls) was named by the Saxons in
honor of their corresponding diety (FriKa)
Fnge-daeg. Saturday took its Roman name
pies Saturni. and Its Saxon appellative of
Seater-da*g. respectively form dieties "who
approach eacli-otfi&r in character^ '■
SUPERVISORS TO
RESCIND THEIR
ACTION ON CAS
Rate to Be Finally
Fixed at $1 50.
CITY FATHERS WEAKENING
HOPES OF CONSUMERS WILL BE
DASHED AGAIN.
Corporation's Directors Will Not De
cide on Their Course Until Attor
neys Investigate Their Right*.
Stock Quotations Steady.
San Francisco Gas and Electric stocß
was steady on the Stock and Bond Ex
change yesterday, opening at 73 and clos
ing at 72%. This is a fraction higher than
the closing quotations Tuesday and but
a point or so undor the market price for
the stock before the action of the Board
of Supervisors in reducing the rate to
j consumers from $1 75 to $1 10 on Monday
\ afternoon. The predictions freely made
I Tuesday night that the stock would go
by the board when the exchange opened
for business yesterday morning were not
realized. On the contrary, many orders
to sell, received by brokers after closing
hours Tuesday, had been canceled before
the doors of the exchange were opened
yesterday, and the market remained firm
In consequence. All kinds of rumors were
in circulation on the 'street as to the cause
of the sudden abatement of the flurry,
but there .was no excitement.
The true reason is believed to be con
tained in a report that was persistently
circulated during the day to the effect
that the Board of Supervisors would at
its meeting next Monday rescind its ac
tion fixing the rate at $1 10 a thousand
feet and order the rate fixed at $1 50 a
thousand. It is claimed that several of
the Supervisors who voted for the big cut
at the meeting last Monday feel that they
made a mistake and the indications that
the matter will be reconsidered are of
such a positive character that there
seems to be little doubt that such action
will be taken. The Supervisors who are
supposed to have experienced a change or
heart on the subject of gas rates are
said to have been influenced by the fear
that an arbitrary reduction in the rate
would work a great hardship on the small
holders of gas and electric stock, the
"widows and orphans."
President Crockett nf the gas company
says there is no foundation for the state
ment that the company has already di
rected its attorneys to apply to the courts
for an injunction to restain the city from
enforcing the order fixing the rate at $1 10.
The directors of the gas company at their
meeting yesterday morning referred the
whole matter to the attorneys for the
company for investigation and a report.
"This is an important question, said
President Crockett last night, "and our
attorneys have been instructed to inves
tigate our rights under the law. That
was the only action taken by the direct
ors at their meeting this morning, and
they will take no further steps until our
attorneys have made their report. In
matters of policy the actions of the di
rectors are influenced by their own judg
ment, but in legal matters such as this
our course would naturally be according
to the advice of our legal advisers."
President Crockett knew nothing of the
report that the Board of Supervisors
would probably rescind its action at its
next meeting, and he declined to say
what effect such action would have on the
future policy of the gas company. He
would not say whether he would be satis
fied with the rate to consumers fixed at
I $1 SO, contending that that %vas a question
; that could only be answered by the board
i of directors.
There seems to be a misunderstanding
I as to the power of Mayor Phelan in the
! fixing of the rate to consumers. It has
■ been stated that the gas company confi
dently expected that the Mayor would
! veto the resolution passed by the Super
! visors on the ground that the cut was too
i deep and unfair to the corporation. But
Mayor Phelan will not make use of his
veto, as according to his own statement
he has no authority to do so, even were
he so inclined. The Mayor says that the
power to fix the rate at which gas shall
be furnished to private consumers lies
entirely with the Board of Supervisors
and that the action of the board in the
i premises is Inal, unless the board should
j see fit to reconsider the matter of its own
volition.
Should the Supervisors rescind their ac
tion and fix the rate at $1 SO next Monday
there is likely to be a great deal of insin
uating talk concerning their motives and
the influences which tended to bring about
such a sudden and radical change in their
ideas of what the people and the gas com
pany are respectively entitled to. It may
be that they will be influenced solely by
a desire to protect the small holders of
gas stock, who would be ruined by a de
preciation in the value of their securities,
but the majority of the people of San
Francisco will hardly accept this as the
true reason for such action on their part.
The Supervisors are disinclined to discuss
the matter, and it probably will not be
definitely known until the board meets
next Monday whether such action is con
templated, or if contemplated whether
the Supervisors wil not in the meantime
experience another change of heart.
For Furious Driving.
James Peterson, a driver for a commis
sion house at 428 Sansome street, was
convicted by Judge Mngan yesterday of
fast driving and battery and was ordered
into custody to appear for sentence this
morning. Wednesday he drove around
the corner of Kearr.y ami Market streets
at a furious speed and knocked down Ed
ward Yarrow, a caterer at 319 Bush
street, and nearly knocked down a lady.
When Policeman Ross arrested him he
was very abusive.
. ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c r^r Tb at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) . FlO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In case Canada becomes a part of the
United States, a native Missourian pro
the State motto for preater Amer
ica; "United we stand, divided by Niag
ara Falls."
■ ♦ ■ .
Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters is indorsed
by physicians and chemists £05 purity. Don't
accept any substitute.
Jerusalem is now nothing but a shadow
of tho magnificent city o& ancient times.
It is about three miles in circumference,
and is situated on a rock mountain.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
mcnacers to health of the present day.
BAKiNQ POWPCB CO.. NEW VQftK.Actors in an Exciting Affray in the Wholesale District.
COMPETITION
IN LIGHTING
IS ASSURED
Supervisors and Mer
chants Meet.
MATTER OF POLES DISCUSSED
WANT ONE SET TO BE USED IN
COMMON BY ALL.
The Present Company Has No Privi
lege in the Use of the Streets
Which Cannot Be Re
voked.
The Street Committee of the Supervis
■ : lay after
: ■■ ' ■ the Her-
Two questions of
to the city were consid
:ng of permission to any
nee or project
tor lighting purposes
in the uutlying districts, and the niadng
• s underground in the business
section of the city.
The discussion, which extended over
several hours, was of a desultory char
acter. It was participated In by Mayor
l'helan, A. B. Spreckels, A. S. Baldwin,
\V r . R. Hewitt. J. C. Quinn, J. B. Corn
wall and Manager Summerhayes of the
Mutual Electric Light Company. Mr.
Spreckels was present as a representa
tive of the recently incorporated lnde-
I endent Electric Light and Power Com
pany, and took an active part in the dis
cussion.
The dominant Idea was to formulate
a plan when -h>- the unnecessary en
of poies could be prevented. It was held
that if this privilege was granted to all
who might apply, the sidewalks wouid
be Hned with unsightly poles and the city
• d with a network of wires. The
suggested to avoid this condition
the letting by the city of a fran
rhise to one cpmpanj to erect pules
whreh would carry the wires of all com
panies.
iution introduced by Dr. Per
■ring the matter was read and
u-.i amendment suggested. The original
.:ion read:
Resolved, That permission is .hereby
granted to all Incorporated companies or
. corporations having a plant projected or
in operation to supply the inhabitants of
this city and county with artificial light,
to er*ct poles on and wires over the
streets in this city and county within the
outlying districts of the fire limits.
The suggested amendment was not act
ed upon, the committee having no powers
in the premises. It was a3 follows:
Pnovided, that the first company erect
ing or having erected poles within said
limit* should erect or maintain the same
to allow sufficient accommodation for the
wires of other companies under such con
ditions as to the expense as may be. pre
scribed by the beard to be defrayed by
said companies as to the cost of erection
of *ald poles and their maintenance, it be
ing distinctly understood that the privi
lege granted shall not allow of poles being
. • erected by any other company on streets
where poles have been erected by the
•.company first availing itself of this privi
lege, and In such cases where additional
poles are required the Superintendent of
the Fire Alarm shall first be notified and
. permiFSlon obtained from said superin
■ tendent for the erection, who shall desig
nate the location of the same.
Mayor Phelan promised to prepare a
Craft of a franchise which will he sub
mitted at the next meeting of the com
mittee. For poles alone his Honor
thought a modest Incorporation mierht be
formed to handle the proposition. He be
lieved a short franchise, one not extend
ing over ten years, would be Just to the
ADVERTISEMENTS. WSt
IaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBIIBBBBBBBaBBaBBaBBBKBI
Electric Belts for 5 Gents.
'*». We manufacture electric belts, and, as
/f. a matter. of fact, could furnish them for
f'f xSI five cents apiece, If we chose to do so and
/> 'i thus throw away money; but of course
i\ /&££*, *BB**li we don't do It. We DO, however, sell
) I '/ &*& ™*3fi electric belts as low as $3.50 each, and
JpV J? V*vj| similar in quality to those sold by cer-
\«t >' .\ « tain druggists and electric belt quacks
Vi ?j**mxJ& at much higher prices. We also make
\ fj-^&zffl the BEST Electric Belt on earth, which
/ A- C'??m& V we sell at REASONABLE PRICES, and
£#£&A\'' '> "*tß ?&\i it this is the kind of a belt you want
&%ry V - V '^U^ A.^^^^v please take a note of our advice—
nSßß^***'^ 'tMSx* BUY NO BELT TILL . YOU BEE "DR.
ifimKiTf' PIERCES."
V^t^^^lw^^'^l^l^ Call at the office or send 2c in ft.'imps
W s \\^^M'i^^a\nr:^''l' for "BOOKLET NO. 2." Address
"^W^i^Sl PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
WWIJf 20 MARKET STREET (Opposite Palace
Hotel), San Francisco.
capitalists who backed such a venture. W.
R. Hewitt, superintendent of the fire
alarm and police telegraph, was requested
to submit specifications for the laying out
of the proposed Bystem. This will Include
ar. estimate of the service required in va
rious parts of the city, the size of poled
and other information.
The discussion developed the fact that
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company has only a revocable privilege in
the use of the Ktrpf-ts for the erection of
poles, and not a hard and fast monopoly
which could not be wrested from its
grasp.
The effort to have wires placed under
ground within certain limits is expected to
prove successful. The question to be de
rided is as to the limits within which this
action shall be taken. It is conceded the
fire limits cover too large an area. The in
tention is to allow the «mpanies owning
wires sixty days in which to commence
tak-ing down the wires. The work to be
completed in from eight months to a year.
Wren the meeting was called to order
by Chairman Aigeltinger Mr. Baldwin ex
plained that the Merchants' Association
■ ! to take a stand on the
questions to be discussed owing to lack of
time to consider them. They were of too
great importance to the city to be acted
upon hastily.
Supervisor Aigeltinger. in the course of
the general discussion tha*
wanted to learn if the city could have
competition in lighting without the va
rious companies having the rieht to
erpct poles, which privilege carried in its
train the disfiguring of the city. Mr.
Baldwin said every resident and r" 1 ! l
erty-owner favored competition and fa
vored any plan that would bring it about.
Mr. Spreckels suggested that the Mer
chants' Association meet and suggest
plans. To this Mr. Baldwin replied that
Bsodation would do anything possi
ble to produce competition, and thus give
light at a low. reasonable rate. Mr.
Summerhayes of the Mutual Company
said if his people were placed on the
samo footing as the rival company they
would guarantee to supply light for 33 1-3
per cent less than the nrice now charged.
Mr. Baldwin asked Mr. Spreckels what
were his views regarding the use of one
set of poles in common by all the com
panies. "The privilege should, properly.
be given any company to use the poles
In existence upon payment of
sonablf compensation." said Mr. Spreck
els. "Independent poles for each com
pany would not be reasonable. Tt would
mar the beauty of the city by filling the
sidewalks with unsightly ooles."
Mr. Cromwoll said if Mutual Com
pany be granted the right to erect poles
It would be willing to allow Mr. Spreck
els' company the use of them, Jointly.
The city would also be granted the use
of the poles for its fire alarm and police
telegraph. Beyond that he did not <-are
to farm out the use of the polpp. Con
sideration of the matter will be resumed
next week. From the tenor of the Super
visors' remarks it is evident the lighting
field will be thrown open for competition
and the present monopoly broken down.
IMPRO -/ EMENT FEDERATION.
Special Committee Will Appear Be
fore the Board of Supervisors.
The Federation of Improvement flubs
recently formed for the Mission district
, southwest of Twenty-seventh street are
! in form Improving their section and will
', endeavor to persuade the Supervisors
i that the improvements are absolutely
r ,ore?!=ary. To accomplish this desirable
! object the directors of the federation
have Fought the assistance of the Mer
chants' Association, and the latter has
conceded that powers and schoolhoupes
among the urgent needs of the com
munity represented hy the fr-derated
A joint reauest from the two
bodies will be presented at the meeting
of the Street Committee of the board on
next Wednesday by a speHal committee
appointed at the last meeting of the di
rectors of the Federated Clubs conalst
j ing of A. S. Little, J. Schnee, A. G. Grif
fith, Joe Touhey and Robert Anderwon.
I This committee will ask that the outside
I boundary as already mentioned be pro
vided with a proper system of sewerage,
sufficient school accommodation for the
wants of the numerous children who are
either crowded out of school buildings al
together or bo < rowded as to be in dan
tf-r of contracting disease. The commit
■■•U also ran to the attention of the
city fathers the fact that the outside sec
tions enumerated should have at least
thirty additional electric lamps.
TO AID LITTLE SUFFERERS.
A Gingerbread Fete for the benefit of
the Children's Hospital will be given at
Golden Gate Hall from April 12 to 1 r > in
clusive. The funds will be donated to the
use of the hospital, and will be expended
in work which has been a necessity for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRTL 6, 1899.
many years. This fete has been well ar
ranged and is sure to be successful. The
public will be admitted afternoons and
evenings, and elaborate programmes
have been prepared for its entertainment.
The best local talent is secured for mu
sical-and dramatic features.
The board of lady directors is work
ing energetically in behalf of the little
sufferers who receive treatment in the
hospital, and most earnestly solicit pub
lic patronage for the fete. The admis
sion for adults will be 50 cents and for
children 25 cents.
NOBMANN IS
GLAD HE IS
STILL ALIVE
Dodged a Shot Aimed
at His Heart
HE WAS LUCKY AND PLUCKY
TIMOTHY DUGAN GUNNED FOR
THE GROCER.
A Noonday Encounter in the Whole
sale District Which Resulted
in Nothing More Serious
Than Powder Burns.
Timothy Dugan. a porter in the employ
of Spruance, Stanley & Co., 410 Front
street, failed yesterday to murder his old
time friend. John C. Nobmann. secretary
of the Retail Grocers' Association,
through no fault of his own. The rare
pluck and presence of mind of Nobmann
were all that averted the tragedy. As it
was, while he dodged the bullet, which
lodged in the woodwork, he was neither
quick nor lucky enough to escape the
charge of burning powder that followed
the pulling of the trigger. He received
the blazing particles in his face, which is
deeply pitted with little black marks from
the center of his forehead to the. tip of
his left ear. He aleo received a couple of
the burning grains in his left eye, but
otherwise is uninjured. Dugan is in the
City Prison charged with assault to com
mit murder.
The shooting occurred shortly before
noon in the store of the Retail Grocers'
Association, 115 Clay street, and every
thing goes to show that Dugan went thero
for the purpose of killing Xobtnann. He
worked at Spruance, Stanley & Co.'s until
11 o'clock in the morning. Before leaving
he abstracted from one of the drawers in
an office desk a revolver belonging to
Halleck Wright, the bookkeeper. This
revolver was the one with which he did
the shooting, and it had not long been in
his possession before he used it.
At the time Dugan entered the office of
the Grocers' Association he was under the
influence of liquor. There were present
Xr.bmann and J. M. Sullivan, another
grocer. The dispute between the secre
tary of the association and Dugan began
at "once, about money matters they both
say, although it is supposed that a deeper
seated motive existed lor the disagree
ment. At any rate, it was not long before i
the disputants were indulging in high
words, which ended when Nobmann called
the porter, Henry Hoennig. and requested
him to eject Dugan. Hoennig took hold
of Dugan's aim and sought to lead him
to the sidewalk, while Nobmann, to get
out of the way, started through an alley
way of boxes for the rear of the store.
"For some reason that I cannot ex
plain, " said Nobmann after the shooting,
"I turned and looked back and saw Du
gun, within three feet of me, extend his
hand, containing a revolver. I jumped
for him and grabbed his arm just as the
cartridge exploded. 1 felt the sting in my
face and thought for a moment I was
shot. I grappled with Dugan for fear he j
would repeat the dose and soon had him
on the floor.
"After Dugan had been disarmed and
the policemen came," continued Nob- |
mann, "he said, "I did what I intended to
do.' J said, 'Did you?" and he replied,
"Yes, 1 did what I intended to do.' "
The rrport of the revolver gathered a
large crowd in no time and it was with
difficulty that Patrolmen McGlynn and
Shaw of the Harbor police station made
their way to Dugan, who had already
been disarmed by Nobmann and Hoennig,
the former receiving a badly cut finger
from a second snap of the trigger. He
was driven to the Harbor Hospital, where
his injuries were dressed by Dr. Himmels
bach.
Dugan was taken to the Harbor police
station, where he received a call from
ife, for whom he had sent to his
residence, 2044 Jones street. He refused
to make any statement for publication,
but told several of his friends that Nob
mann had houndr-d him for settlement of
pecuniary obligations. He said he had
no fear of prosecution, which g;ive ground
for the beliefnhat there was more behind
the shooting than mere dispute about
money.
Nobmann and Dugan have beon friends
from boyhood and their families have
maintained close social relations. Only
recently they occupied the same ark at
Tiburon for weeks.
Jessie Bartlett Davis.
Jppsif Bartlett Davis thinks shft is badly
treated if she doesn't dine at the Zinkand at
least once a week. •
■ ♦ ■
Instructed and Arraigned.
Fred Foster, the horseman accused of
obtaining money by false pretenses by
A. Howard, the Australian plunger, was
instructed and arraigned by Judge Con
lan yesterday morning. He was repre
sented by Colonel Baker. The case was
continued until Friday, and Foster's
bonds were fixed at $10,000.
—.♦ . ; —
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh et.. corner MlMlon. Salt water,
jjlreot txpm pceao -
HENRY HOCK
HELD UP BY
TWO FEMALES
Followed Him to His
Home.
ACTED LIKE PROFESSIONALS
THEY ARE ARRESTED AND IDEN
TIFIED BY THEIR VICTIM.
Both Charged With Grand Larceny
and Vagrancy and the Cases
Continued in the Police
Court.
A daring robbery was committed by two
young women at an early hour yesterday
morning, and they were both arrested on
charges of grand larceny and vagrancy.
The complaining witness against them is
Henry Hock, a brewer living at 1224 Turk
street. He boarded an Eddy-street car at
Powell street shortly after midnight and
two young women got on the car at the
same time. They sat on the dummy be
side him, and one of them, soon after the
car started, endeavored to engage him in
conversation. She was unsuccessful, a3
Hock felt annoyed at her impudence.
Hock got off the car at Webster street,
and to his surprise tne two young women
left the car at the same time, and he ob
served that they were following behind
him. It never occurred to him that they
had any evil designs upon him, and con
tinued his walk home still followed by ihe
young women.
As he reached the steps leading up to I
his front door the young women were I
close behind him, and the taller of the
two threw her arms around his neck i
in a tight embrace. Hock was j
too much taken aback to make
any resistance, and in less than a minute
she released her hold, and the two went
away laughing at him.
When he got home he discovered that j
his purse containing about JSO was miss
ing, and he suspected that while the taller j
of the two women held him round the j
neck the other went through his pockets i
and stole the purse. He returned to the I
street, and after wandering around in
search of a policeman he met Officers Mc-
Shane and Green. H" told his adven
ture to them and ga » them a descrip
tion of the two womei..
About 2 o'clock in the morning Mc-
Shane saw two women standing in the
doorway of a barbc-r-shop at Fulton and
Laguna* streets talking to the barber.
They answered the description of the two
who had robbed Hock and McShane ques
tioned them. He was not satisfied with
their answers and placed them under ar
n-.-t, sanding them to the City Prison in
the patrol wagon, where they were charg
ed with grand larceny and vagrancy.
They gave the names of Bessie Bond and
Gertrude Heightler. .
Hock called at the prison yesterday
morning and positively identified them,
Bessie being the. one who threw her arms
around hit; neck. They were taken before
Judge Mogan yesterday morning, and
the cases were continued till to-morrow.
SEATS FOR ROBIN HOOD.
Revival of the Opera Will Prove as
Popular as Ever.
The revival of DeKnven and Smith's
COmio opera "Robin Hood" by the Bos- |
tonians at the Columbia Theater next |
■week is destined to prove as popular as |
It ever was, judging' from the numerous
inquiries for scats. The advance sale will !
commence this morning at the theater
box office, and a long line of people will
undoubtedly be attracted.
The performance on Monday night at J
the Columbia will mark three thousand i
productions of the opera, and its promls- |
ing outlook for next week's series of per- j
formances attest its wonderful degree of j
popularity.
The cast will include Barnabee, Me- |
Donald. Jfsssle Bartlett Davis, Helen
Bertram, William Lavin, William Brod
erick. George Frothingham, W. 11. Fitz
gerald. Josephine Bartlett and Carolyn
Daniels.
0O0ftftOOO)300QC«»0O
Joel Chandler Harris a
a
Begins a New Series of His Fa- o
/now* $ I
"BRER RABBIT" STORIES £
In Next Sunday's Call. . »
O
To Consider Irrigation.
An important, meeting of the State
Board of Trade will be held on next
Tuesday afternoon at the board rooms
in the ferry building. The principal sub
ject for consideration will he "Irrigation"
in all • its features, especially that of
pumping and furnishing water for lands
by gravity .systems. A number of those
interested in pumping plants have been
invitf-'i to he preseent and take part in
the discussion.
Wherever the pain may be,
there is the place for an
It never fails to perform its work
quickly and effectually, and, more than
that, it does its work while you do yours.
Beware of the many imitations made
to sell on the reputation of "Allcocks."
When you buy Allcock's you obtain
absolutely the best plaster made.
DEATH SOUNDS ITS
VOICE IN BOHEMIA
Joseph D. Strong, Ar
tist and Clubman,
Passes Away.
ONCE more Bohemia is in
mourning. Another of its
brilliant lights has been ex
tinguished and swept be
yond the vigil of the owl. A
few weeks ago its revelry
paused while tears fell for
Daniel O'Connell, and now it weeps
for Joe Strong, club man and artist.
Strong- died suddenly yesterday
morning. He had had an operation
performed at Dr. McNutt's hospital
a couple of weeks ago, but it was
thought that he was recovering and
preparations were being made for
his removal to his home on the day
when his life unexpectedly flickered
out.
Joseph D. Strong was one of the
famed artists of America. The
work of his brush has found a
prominent place in_the_leading gal-^
LOCAL TRAINS
TO BE OPERATED
ELECTRICITY
Plan Is Nqw Under
Consideration.
It may not be long before the patrons
of the Southern Pacific Company's lines
between San Francisco and Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley will have the pleasure
of riding on trains propelled with elec
tricity instead of steam. The project of
converting the local lines mentioned into
electric roads has been under considera
tion by the management of the Southern
Pacific Company for some time.
When the readjustment of the local
tracks on the Oakland mole was made
recently the probable change to electric
ity was kept in view. The work was done
in such a manner as to occasion the least
possible outlay and inconvenience when
the conversion is made.
The plans have progressed to the ex
tent of having an eminent expert fron»
the East make a personal inspection of
the situation, with a view to making an
estimate of the cost of the improvement.
It is understood that this matter will be
considered during the presence of Presi
dent Huntington and the other Eastern
directors In this city.
While the first cost of the transforma
tion will be in the neighborhood of $1,000,
--000, the cost of operation will be about
one-half under an electric system of
what it is by steam.
With the inauguration of the electric
system will also probably come the twen
ty-minute ferry service. This has not
been put in up to the present time owing
to the greatly increased expense that
would necessarily be incurred, as both
the ferry-boat and train service would
have to be increased 50 per cent, and the
present traffic is said not to warrant this
added expenditure. Twenty-minute boats
are now occasionally run, when particu
larly heavy traffic is expected, but with
a big saving possible in the operation of
the train service it is likely that the irrore
frequent service will become a regular
thing, at least in the early morning and
evening hours, when the traffic is heav
iest.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Consul for Salvador.
Collector Jackson has been notified hy
the Secretary of the Treasury to recog
nize Senor Don Encarnacion Mejia as
Consul General for Salvador at this port.
leries of the United States, and
much of it has been sold in Lon
don. His particular specialty was
portrait painting, and the likeness
of many celebrities were reproduced
on his canvas. Several years ago
he visited the Hawaiian Islands and
later went to Apia, Samoa, where
he resided with Robert Louis
Stevenson, the stepfather of his
first wife. In the scenery of the
Oriental islands he found fit sub
jects for art and completed a very
fine collection of studies, sketches
and finished paintings. His work
was exhibited at the Columbian Ex
position in 1893 and again at the
Midwinter Fair. It was all charac
teristic of the barbaric life in the
bronzed tropics and was full of
force and beauty.
He returned to San Francisco
threo years ago and established a Q
studio. In speaking of it the Over
land Monthly says; "His studio A
was a strange mingling of Samoa
and San Francisco. Savage chiefs CJ
look at the visitors from the walls.
Palms and tropic sunsets and the £
deep blue of the equatorial ocean
give color to the room, and yet 9
among them are the familiar faces i
of Mr. Strong's present-day sitters, f
painted with a full brush and a 1
clean stroke that causes the face £
to stand out boldly from the can- 1
vas." £.
Strong recently accepted the con
tract for the painting of the por- £
trait of ex-Governor Budd. but had
not yet commenced it. When he
was taken ill he was just complet- y
Ing one of Joseph D. Grant. One
year ago he married Miss Elizabeth j
Haight, a niece of ex-Governor '
Haight, and she still survives him. •
He received his early study in Mv- '
nich, where he went from Oakland •
when a boy. Among his tutors
were Carl Piloty and Wagner, whose 9
"Chariot Race" delighted the world.
He was born in Bridgeport, Conn., •
wa3 45 years of age and leaves a
son 16 years of age, who is at pres- #
ent studying in New York. His
studio was at the corner of Kearny •
and Clay streets in this city.
The remains were removed to the 0
home of his wife's mother, Airs. S.
_ P. __ Haight, last evening. #
>-• - •-• - •-•-• - •-• -•-•
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syruj- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing 1 to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAX..
LOUISVILLE, KY. NEW YORK.- ST. Y.
For sale by all Drupsrists.— Price 50e. per bottle.
PURITY Use /^
HEALTH w °° dl s m>%
BEAUTY Facial Cream %k^
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURY'S
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antisetic, their cleansing and
purifying effect Is unequalled. For sale every-
where.
000000000000000000
§r» E PALACE '■"■!'%
GRAND wjjELs o
o SAN FRANCISCO. if
*f Connected by a covered passageway. "
° 1400 Soom— vi h Both Attached. °
O • All Under One Management. O
O NOTS THE PHICES: Q
0 European Pi':»n.gl.OO par day and upward Q
0 American Plan. )*;J. oo per day and upward / _
Correspondence Solicited. 3
0 JOHN' 0. KIRKPAIP.IOS. Manager. 3
QOPQQOQOSOOCQQQQCO
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Proprietor & Manager
, THIS EVENING —
A. DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA.
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS.
MIRTH and MAGIC— FUN and FROLIC.
' MERRY DANCERS ■
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICE. 25c AND see.
Our Telephone Bush 9.
THE CHUTES!
JOE, SALLY AND CONGO
In the FREE THEATER Every Afternoon
and Evening, Except Amateur Night.
TO-MBHT— AMATEUR MGHT!
Amateur Trilby Dance.
Don't Fail to Visit the LONDON MAZE.
L t_- : Reserve Seats by Phone^ Stelnes,,JSfiJ^ /
DR. KT-uMER'S REMEDIES.
How to Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let it stand twenty-four
hours; a sediment or settling indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
if it stains your linen, it is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it or pain in the back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
What to Do.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish in curing rheuma-
tism, pain in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold
water and scalding pain in passing it,
or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that un-
pleasant necessity of being compelled
to go often during the day and to get
up many times during the night. The
mild and extraordinary effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery and a book that
tells more about it, both sent absolute-
ly free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. Binghamton, N. Y. When writing
mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. A a gggg 9 .
! Moroscp Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessees
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
"THE BLACK HUSSAR"
As . Given By .
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
In Greatest Singing Chorus in America.
Largest Orchestra in the City. An En-
■ -'y semble Never to Be Forgotten.
A $2 Production at These Popular Prices:
Orchestra Chairs 50c, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) 500
Family Circle 250
Gallery ISo
Only Matinee Saturday. Prices— 25c, 600
75c; Nothing Higher.
MONDAY NEXT— Another Big Production,
"THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
2— Afternoon Recitals — 2
WEDNESDAY, April 19, and FRIDAY, April
21, at 2:15.
PRICES FROM $1 TO $3
KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats "•will begin at Kohler &
Chase's and the Opera House Box Office Sat-
urday morning, April 15.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEKS OF THE
BOSTONIANS.
LAST 3 NIGHTS. MAT. SAT.
Victor Herbert's tuneful opera.
The SERENADE
j NEXT WEEK.—
"ROBIN HOOD."
SEATS NOW READY.
j ■
! CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THOUSANDS CHARMED!
MOST DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
Phenomenal Success of the Famous Author
and Reader,
ianMaclaren"
SECOND LECTURE TO-NIGHT.
SUBJECT.
"CERTAIN TRAITS OF SCOT-
TISH CHARACTER."
RESERVED SEATS, 60c. 75c. $1 and $1.60.
TWO GREAT HITS!
MARSHALL P. WILDER,
World's Greatest Monologuist,
KARA, "THE GREAT,"
World's Greatest Juggler.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and her Pickanin-
-1 nies.
• MENGLER SISTERS, Parisian Danseuses.
POLK & KOLLINS, THE MATWEEFS.
I MANNING & WESTON. PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
I Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. , ,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE
CHARITY
BALL.
By David Belasco and Henry Demill*. t
NEXT WEEK-
Roland Reed's
Farcical Success,
imjMBTJGr.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during- the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, .round
i trip. i; 25c; Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER URIAH .
\ Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10.
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m. ■ ' •
DR.MCNULTY.
T<HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Special ist. cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over2oy'r»' experience.
Patten red i Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 daily; 6.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly- confidential. Call, or ad dress
P. BOBCUE McXUIiTY. M.I).
, JWa Kenny St., San Francisco. CaJU
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bllver unchanged.
Wheat firm and Barley steady.
m and Rye dull
Hay firmer. Bran and Middlings weaker.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
es and Onions still lower.
. bout the same.
..xid Cheese unchanged.
rule firm.
I'nuliry firm ami Game dull.
Strawberries sol! well.
iiange In Limes.
. mer again.
MEXICAN SPECIE IMPORTS.
Receipts of specie from Mexico at this port,
I pally by rail, for the quarter ending
March 31. compare as follows:
1898. 1599.
Bllver dollars $422,365 {H.OO
Bilver bullion 14*. 849 255.841
Gold bullion 162.931 223.411
Total $734,145 $584,5T2
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, April 5. 5 p. m.
The fi Mowing* an- the seasonal rainfalls to
<!.:••• as compared with tft^so of same date last
. and rainfall '.n last 24 hours :
Last This Last
ns — urs. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.0") tt.o! 29.12
: iff 0 00 19.29 12.49
nento 0.00 13.91 8.63
San I 0.00 15. "8 7.56
6.62 4.16
..;po> 0.00 14.81 6.06
■ 0.00 4.73 6.28
0.00 4.54 4.09
Yuma 1.84 1.62
s.i:i Francisco <lata— Maximum temperature.
f>7; minimum. 49; mean. S3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
RECAST.
The weather is cloudy and somewhat threat
onir.s over Washington and Oregon and clear
in the remaining portion "f the Pacific Slope.
n ' i ■ ten over the Pacific Slope
t the northern boundary of Wash
where it has fallen nightly.
• - fallen over the south
ern Rocky Mountain region and risen over Mon-
HlM^where it has remained about sta
■
i.tions are favorable for fair pleasant
wea'. 1 rnia rhursday.
iitmi Lt San Francisco for 30 hours
■ •■ 1899:
Nori ■■rnia— Fair Thursday; fresh
west wind
rnia— Fair Thursday; light
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Fair; warmer Thursday.
Arizona-- Fair. .->>.>ler Thursday.
md vicinity— Fair Thursday;
Iresh northwest wind.
G. H. WTLLSON.
L>-U Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKET&
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April s.— The market -u-as very
Irregular to-day, violent fluctuations being fre
quent. Sharp recessions appeared early. The
market rallied with a burst of strength in the
railroads in the hope of a favorable crop re
port. A sensational rise occurred in call money,
as high as 16 per cent being exacted for loans
on Industrial collateral, and later 15 per cent
»as reached on railways. The greater part of
the day loans were much below this figure, al
though it -was . lite general to charge a higher
rate on industrial collateral than on that of
railways. Extensive liquidation followed the
appearance of the highest money rate, so far
this season. T.here were many breaks of from
2 to 4 points from the highest quotations of the
day, but stocks recovered on covering and 6
l*r cent money at the clo6e. leaving the list
i-lijjhtly above yesterday"s figures, with the
tone steady. London sold a small amount of
j-tack. Manhattan receded over 2 points and
Third Avenue 5. Brooklyn Transit and Ameri
can Su-el and Wire were lifted over 2 points
tach. A rise of 3S points In Mexican Central
on enormous dealings was said to relate to a
plan to redistribute the capital, but nothing
definite came forward. Much of the buying of
this stock was said to come irom Boston
Mexican National had a sympathetic rise of
over a i-oint. The talk of favorable business
ITi*pects of Wabaah lifted the preferred stock
a substantial fraction on the large dealings.
Contiderable activity and strength was dis
played in some sections of the bond market, but
the general tone was uncertain. Total sales,
United States new fours declined *& in the
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 765,421
Fharep. including the following: Atchison pre
r.'rrt-d X.675, Burlington 39.772, Manhattan 49 -
404. Missouri Pacific 18,000; Mexican Central
65,425, New York Central 10,120. Northern Pa
cific S?2. r >. Rock Island 12.300, Union Pacific 9750
rnion Pacific erred 10,342, St. Paul 060
.Wahash preferred 37.135. American Steel and
wire 5560. American Steel and Wire preferred
E4SO. International Paper 8000, Cotton Oil 10.390.
American Spirits 11,499. American Spirits pre
ferred 3040. American Tobacco 8120, Federal
Bte&l 34. CSS. Federal Steel preferred 11.155 Peo
ple's Gas 14,290, Colorado Fuel and Iron 3290,
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 55.775. Lead 7500 Con
tinental Tobacco SH.3SS. Pacific Mail 4565. Sugar
23.2-.52. Leather 6425, Leather preferred 11 555
Tennessee Coal and Iron 22.200. Rubber 35,192
Chicago Great Western 8400. Reading first pre
ferred 4SIi).
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 21% St L & 8 F ..... 11%
Do prefd 62% Do prefd .. 70%
Baltimore & Ohio. 71 Do 2d prefd . . 39
Canada Pacific. ... 86% St Paul 128
Canada Southern.. 59 Do prefd 170 i
Cent Fae 51Vi Bt P & Om '.'.'. 954
Ches & Ohio 27% Do prefd 167 i
Chi & Alton 155 So Pacific 34>-i ;
Chi B & Q 145 So Railway 12% ,
Chi <£ E 111 72 I Do prefd 51
Do prefd lij Texas & Pacific. 23
Chi G W II Union Pacific .... 47% |
Chi Ind & L S% Do prefd 80%
Do prvfd 42 -.'C P D & G 13
Chi & N W 159 Wabash 8% I
Do prefd 133 ; Do prefd 24%
C C C & St L s?*; Wheel & L E 11%
Do prefd 964: Do prefd 324
Del & Hudson 117% Express Companies-
Del L & W 175 Adams Ex 110
Den & Rio G 22Vi American Ex ....140
Do prefd 75 United States .... 52
Erie new 13*4 Wells Fargo 1:5
Do Ist prefd .... SS Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne ISO A Cot Oil 37*4
C: Nor prefd 132 Do prefd 93
Hocking Vai 8% !Amn Spirits 144
Illinois Cent 116% ; Do prefd 33%
Lake Erie & W... 194 Am Tobacco 224
Do prefd 66« i | Do prefd 142
Lako Shore 200 Cons Gas 200%
Louis & Nash.... 65% Com Cable C 0. ...150
Manhattan L 124 Col F & Iron 37^4
Met St Hy 257 Do prefd 96 I
Mich Cent 114 'Gen Electric 115 I
Minn & St L 514 Haw Coml Co S2 !
Do Ist prefd .... '.■-■„ Brooklyn R T 131
Mo Pacific Intnl Paper 56
Mobile & 0hi0.... 44*4 j Do prefd £3% :
Mo K& T 14 Laclede Gas .54
Do prefd 40V; Lead 36U
N J Central 120 1 Do prefd 112« i
N V Central 141H Fed Steel 69U
N V Chi & St L.. 14 . Do prefd 90%
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Nat Lin Oil 5%
Do 2d prefd .... S3 Pacific Mail 51%
Nor West I£4 People's Gas 126%
No Araer Co :>\ Pullman Pal 161
No Pacific 52% ' Silver Cert 60
Do prefd 78*4 Ftandard R & T... 10% !
Ontario & W 27% Sugar 166^
Or R & Nay 40 ; Do prefd 116%
Do prefd TO T C & Iron 5!)
Or Short Line .... 41% D B Leather 74
Pac Coast 42 Do prefd 76%
Do Ist prefd .... S3 D B Rubber 54% i
Do td prefd .... 62 Do prefd 116%
PittPburg ISO West Union 944
Reading U\L Amn Steel & \V,. 65>V I
Do Ist prefd .... 66% Do prefd ion! I
R G W 35 Colo Southern .... 6»i !
Do prefd 70% Do Ist prefd .... 54%
Rock Island 118% Do 2d prefd .... 21%
Ft L& S W 12 Con Tobacco 57 ,
Do prefd 33% I Do prefd 89
CLOSING BONDS.
I B 2s I ■', NJC 5s 118% I
V S new 4s reg....12.A; No Carolina 6s 130
Do coupon n'.<\ Do 4s 108
V S -»s 112% No Pac lsts HSU
Do coupon 114 Do 3a 67'/.
Do -is BgU Do 4s 10"V
U S 5s res 113% X V C & St L 4s. 106*
Do 5s ipon — 3 4 Nor &\v 6s 130
District 3.K-S 117 iNorthwstrn cons ..143U
•Ala clays A 110 Do deb 5s 123
• DO B 110 Or Nay lsts .... 11l
Do C 100 Or Xav 4s 1- 'i.
Do Currency 100 O S Line 6s tr...,125H
'Atchlson 4s 100% )O S Line 5s tr.. lli%i
Do adj 4? S3'i Heading 4s .. 89^4 i
Can Bo 2ds 109 RG W lsts 97ii
C& O 4>*s 94 St L&I M C ti .103
Chlcaeo T 4s MM St L & S F Q 65...13«
C & Ohio 5s 119 Ist P Con i&Ui
'• H .*- D «%».... 104Si;st P <■ & p 15t5...1214
I) &R O lets 1084 Do 5s !•>->*
D & R G 4s 101 iSo Ry Es '"lCS'i
Tast Term lsts.... 10:»Vi ! Stand R & T 6b.!'. sou
Krte Gen 43 72 T.-nn new set 35... 97
FW A D llti tr S3H!Tex Par L G lsts mi,
Gen Elec 5s il.'.'j Do reir 2ds ... 537?
C, }{ &S A 63 11l Union Pac 45.... 10594
Do 2da 110 UPD & O lsts..; 92
H & T C hi 112 -Wahaeh Ist 5» ll«i.;
Do Con 6f 110 Do Ids %v
lowa '' lsts 109U W Shore 4a H4II
La new consols 45. 109% Va Centuries ... m?"
L & N Unl 4s 9CVi' Do deferred ..." 91/
Pac enn fis 120 I Do deferred .. |iiJ
M K& T 2ds 6SH Wls Central Ist- Wi
T>o 4s ?3%|C010 so 4s 86« i
N V Central 1ßt5..114'-sl *
MINING STOCKS.
Cbollar 3."> Ontario 6 75
Crown Point ..... 25 Ophlr . . 1 m
Con ■1 & Va 200 Plymouth V." 10
Deadwo.^l 70 Quicksilver 2 23
, Gould & Curry 45 Do preferred 700
Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 110
Homentake 65 no Standard ... 2 15
Iron Silver 6S:frj|on Con. M
Mexican 70, Yellow Jacket 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , Wis Central IVi
Call loans I ®4 Ed glee Tel 202
Time loans BV4®4Vi Atch prefrd 61*4
Stocks— ! Bonds—
Atch Top & 8 F... 21* i Atchlfon 4s 100
Amer Sugar is«^ j Mining Shares-
Do preferred 117 AUouea Mm C 0.... 9H
Bell Tel 366 lAtlantlc 33
Boston & Albany.. Boston & Mont — 365
Boston & Maine.. .l7s IButte & Boston 874
Boston & L 99 i Calumet & Hecla..S4o
Chi Bur & Q 145 Centennial 45
Fitchburg 120 Franklin 264
Gen Elec 115 Old Dominion .... 464
Fed Steel 69% Osceola ; 94
Do preferred 90 jQulncy 172%
Mexican Cent 14% Tamarack 240
Old Colony 202 Wolverine 46
Rubber 54 Parrott 56
Union Pac 47% Humboldt 2%
j West End 93% Union Land 7%
Do preferred 113 Adventure 14%
| Westing Elec 49
THE ■ MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 6.— Money near the close
of the stock market to-day reached 16 per cent
i for call loans. Then J. W. Sellgman & Co.
supplied the demand and offered money down
to 6 per cent. The exceptional demand was
due to the early rise of 58,000,000 due on ac
count of the American Smelting and Refining
Company's subscriptions.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle and were expected
to continue slack all week. Americans opened
bullish and were stagnant until New York
bought Wabash and the coalers. The rest were
neglected. Tintos were 41%i<1?41 7-16 on a fall
of 15 shillings In copper; Anacondas, 9 1-16;
Utah. 9%.
Money was hard. Bank loans have been
mostly prepaid, causing a scarcity of money
in the market. Silver was dull. America was
inclined to sell.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 6.— Canadian Pacific, 89%;
| Northern Pacific preferred. 80%: Union Pacific
preferred, 82 V. Grand Trunk. 8%.
Barsllver, steady. 274 d; money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April s.— FLOUß— Receipts, 18,
--120 barrels; exports, 12.455; more active and held
higher on the advance in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 4SOO bushels; exports, 42.
--991 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 82V*c, f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady on cables. They
later declined under liquidation and fine West
ern weather, but experienced an afternoon re
covery on a bad scare of shorts attended by
export rumors and unfavorable Kansas crop
news. Closed strong, at lc to l%c net ad
vance. May. 75%ig773ic, closed 771« c; July, 75%
<g76%c, closed 76\c; September, 73@74%c. closed '
74% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Flrm.
WOOL— Quiet. ■'■:'-:
METALS— Tin continues quiet, with demand i
steadily Increased. Offerings to-day were light I
and stocks at the moment are far from heavy. I
The other departments showed practically no
change, either a* to values or general tone.
At the close the Metal Exchange called: •
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal, at $10 60. ■
LAKE COPPER— Strong for special at JIS.
TlN— Firmer, with $24 35 bid and $24 50 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, at $4 35.
SPELTER— Firm, with $6 50 bid and $6 60
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 15 and for
copper SIS 25(??1S 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales 3260 bags, including
April, $4 80: September, $5 30; November, $5 45-
December. $5 65: March. $5 M.
Spot coffee— Rio. dull, but steady; No. 7 in
voice, 6%c: No. 7 jobbing. 6%c. Mild, quiet,
steady; Cordova, S@l4c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong and tending upward.
i Fair refining. 3 13-16 c. Refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6422. steady. Western
creamery. 16<§21%c: Elgins, 21% c; factory, 12®
14 %c. " I
Receipts, 16.416 packages; steady. i
Western. 12"i@13c; Southern, 12\«@12%ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April s.— California dried fruits i
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7?Sc;
prime wire tray, B%@S%c: choice, 9@9%c; fancy
9%f10c.
PRUNES— 4
APRICOTS-Royal, 13<ffl4c; Moorpark. 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April s.— The filling of buying
orders which were sent in on account of the
! weakness on the curb yesterday, together with j
better cables abroad, gave wheat a fairly good j
I start. The Onion State crop report, however, I
| knocked the bull feeling out of the crowd. The ;
i report showed a condition of 85 compared with |
80 the year before and with 26 per cent of last
year's crop still in farmers' hands. May
j opened Me higher at 72%@72%c. sold sparingly
at 72'ic, then declined quickly to 70;»c. Liqui
| dation was heavy on the way down and a re
: covery did not set in until 'a general exchange ,
jof crop news from country correspondents i
among commission men established the uni- ''■
versality of crop damage of a serious character
in all Western winter States outside of Ohio.
As the session neared the end these crop dam
age complaints became sensational and were
backed up by heavy buying orders from the :
. country. Shorts became nervous, and when an
attempt was made to cover offerings were found
to be very scarce. The competition became so
' great for what little was for sale that May
hesitating at TUic, Jumped quickly to 734 c
and closed at 73c. The fluctuations in July ;
were almost identical to that of May. and both '
j months kept closely in unison. May still kept
! the lead as to the volume of trading, but when
! changes to July could be made on even terms
i there was a disposition evinced by longs to
< transfer trades to the more deferred future.
Liquidation of long property depressed corn j
1 early. When the rapid rise in wheat got well
under way, however, shorts became alarmed !
and bought back former holdings, causing a i
sharp rally. May corn closed He higher.
Liberal selling by the country and better
weather weakened oats early. Buying by a I
prominent short at the decline, however, start- j
; ed an upturn, and the loss was more than re
| covered. May oats closed %(£ '4c higher. I
I Moderate selling by packers at the beginning '■
weakened ( provisions. The improvement in !
; grains caused enough covering to bring about
a recovery. May pork closed 15c higher; May
lard and ribs closed 5c hlpher.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72<4 73% 70% 73
July 72*; 73 7034 72%
Corn No. 2— '*
May 34% 35% 3414 35 1
July 354 3.-34 34:4 35%
September S6»* 36% 35&» . 36"-*
Oats No. 2—
May 264 26% 26% 26%
July -A--v v 25% 26 ~25 26% I
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9 12% 925 9 07% 925 i
i July 925 940 920 9 37*4
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 27% 5 32% 625 530
July 5 40 5 45 5 40 5 45
i September 565 660 5 524 660
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
! May 42» 480 4 72% 480
! July 4 57% 4 92% 485 4 92%
! September 500 605 4 97% 505
Cash quotations were a* follows:
Flour, dull and unchanged; No. 2 spring i
wheat. 69@70%c; No. 3 spring wheat. 64®70c:
No. 2 red. 72% c; No. 2 corn, 34@34>-»c; No. 2 j
oats 27c; No. 2 white, 29%@30>-;c; No. 3 white.
2S».;32SVic; No. 2 rye, 53% c; No. 2 barley. 3it@ !
47c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 20; new winter, $1 23%;
prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork, per bar- j
rel, $9 UOI 20; lard, per 100 pounds. $5 224© I
6 25; short ribs sides (loose). $4 50*j4 90; dry I
salted shoulders (boxed), 4H3?4%c; short clear I
sides (boxed), S5#G 10; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf,
I $5 S3; granulated, J5 33.
: Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
■ Flour, bushels 65,000 54.000 !
Wheat, bushels 108.000 25.000 i
Corn, bushels 438.W0 151.000
Oats, bushels 593.000 507,000 :
Rye, bushels 160,000 9.000 !
j Barley, bushels 38.000 18.000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
I market was firm. Creameries, 14Jr20c; Dairies,
11%@15c. Eggs, steady; fresh. U^c. Cheese,
steady. 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 180,000 44,240
Duluth ; 60,940
Milwaukee 21,000 6.600
Chicago
Toledo 13.475 12.000
St. Louis 17.00Q 8,000 1
Detroit 7.766
Kansas City 24.000 13.600
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 7.767 100,904
New York ....: 4.500 42,991
Philadelphia. 3,824 1,867
Baltimore 18.941
Galveston 46,284
New Orleans
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 sl£5 l £ 6 5>4
Closing ..; 5 5% 6 44
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— :::. April. May-Aug.
Opening 42 S5 4335
Closing *. 42 90- 43 40
Wheat— :-'■': ■-■•
Opening 20 95 20 85
I Closing 20 95 20 95
THE AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY..
NEW YORK, April 6— Special telegraphic
and cable dispatches to Bradstreets report the
following changes' In the available supply of
grains last Saturday as compared with the
preceding Saturday:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 445.000 bushels. ■ Liverpool
Corn Trade news, afloat for and In Europe. in
crease, 600,000 bushels. Total supply. Increase
£2,000. Corn. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1,010,000 bushels. Oats
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1899.
United States and Canada, east of the Rockies,
decrease 91,000 bushels.
The stock of wheat held at Portland, Or.,
and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased 102,
--000 bushels during the week. . ■■.;:-; -*
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April s.— There was a good de
mand for cattle to-day with prices ruling
steady for common and. middling grades and
strong for the good offerings. Fancy cattle,
$5 70(go 90; choice steers, to 35@5 65; medium
steers, $4 75<g4 90; beef steers, J4@4 70; stock
ed and feeders. $3 75@4 85; bulls, $2 75@4 10;
cows and heifers, $3 40@4 25; Western fed
steers, $4 25!g5 50; Texas steers, $4<gs 10; calves,
*4 60@6 75.
Trade In hogs was brisk at stronger prices,
with both local packers and Eastern packers
buying freely. Fair to choice, $3 82%@3 95;
heavy packing lots, $3 65<f3 70; mixed, $3 70@
3 90; butchers'. ?3 70®3 92%; lights, $3 76@
3 87%; pigs, $3 35(§3 75.
There was a good demand for sheep at
steady prices. Lambs were 10c lower.- Wooled
flocks sold at $5 65K5 90 and Mexican and Colo
rado lambs at $5 So®s 90; shorn lambs, $4 25®
5 30, and shorn yearlings, $4 75®5 05. Wooled
sheep were wanted at $4@5 and shorn sheep
at *4@5 80.
Receipts— 14,000; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
15 000.
THE BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
There has been more looking around Wool
during the past week and the . aggregate busi
ness done slightly exceeds that of the previous
week. Some negotiations at this writing also
are pending, especially on territory Wools,
which, if consummated, may result in even a
larger volume of trade next week. The feel
ing in the market is. on the whole, a hopeful
one, and there is an absence of that dejection
which was so noticeable a few weeks ago.
Some of the mills In the worsted trust have
been In the market, although they, as well as
other consumers, are taking only such Wools
as they actually need. Prices are steady. The
sales of the week In Boston amount to 3.471.000
pounds in domestic and 772,800 pounds foreign,
making a total of 4.243.500 pounds, against a
total of 3,768,000 pounds for the previous week,
and a total of 1,418,000 pounds for the corre
sponding week last year. Sales since January
1. 1899, amount to 49,076,300 'pounds, against
40,195,980 pounds last year at this t'.ine.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 6.— Consols, 110%: silver,
27% d; French rentes. lOlf 90c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers Indifferent operators: cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s sd@6s 6d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
WHEAT-Spot firm. No. 1 California, 6s 6d
@6s 6%d.
CORN— Spot, firm; futures quiet. April
nominal. May, 3s 4%d: July, 3s 6%d.
!■'.;;«;■ CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed easy. May, 6s 5%d;
July, 5s sVid.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April s.— Clearances, $255,
--896; balances. $11,202.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., April 5.— WHEAT— Quiet.
Walla Walla, 6Sc; Valley, 69®60c; blue stem,
60@61c.
Total wheat shipments (flour Included) from
Northwest ports for the season -of 1898-99
amounted to 21.555.965 bushels. Of l..is amount
13.579,074 bushels were shipped from Portland
and 8,009.891 from Puget Sound ports. Ship
ments for the same period of the season of
1897-98 from all Northwest ports were 24,409,974.
Decrease for the present season, 2,821,009
bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., April S.— WHEAT— CIub,
57c; blue stem, 60c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — •> S7
Sterling Cables — 488 :
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59\
Mexican Dollars — 4SQ4S4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— Continued reports of damage to
crops east of the Rockies set the Chicago shirts
to covering and the market there was higher ;
in consequence. This market was dull and
firm, though not materially higher.
Wheat — Shipping. )1 o*i V 1 08%; milling,
$1 lO©l 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— B:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$! 07; 4090, «1 o*%; December— 4ooo. $1 11.
Sei >nd Passion — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 22. *W>
ctls, $1 11%; 6000. $1 11H: 12.000, $1 II 1 *; May
: ; 07.
Aftt-rn'-'cn Session — December — 42.000 ctls. '.
$1 m 4; 6000, $1 114; May— lO.OOn. $107; 4000, ;
jl Cf!\; 10,000, Jl
BARLEY— The rnarkPt was dull but steady,
both on and off call.
Feed, $1 Hfgi 15; Brewing, SI 174-31 224 per I
ctl.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— s.ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Sess-inn— Seller 'i-9, new— 2ooo ctls. Me.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls. BGc.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls.
SS^e; 10,000, BSUe; 8000, Kfec.
OATS— The market is weak, and while there
is no decline sellers would shade the quota
ttons to sell. Offerings are ample for all cur
-1 ent needs.
Fancy Feed. $1 424@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 374JT1 40; common, $1 324^1 35; Sur- I
prise. $1 45igl 50; Gray, $1 S2HOI Vl#-, Milling, |
%\ 40411 424 per ctl; Red, $1 45gl 50; Black. $1 30 ;
ig-1 40.
CORN— Dealers quote the old prices, with a
dull market.
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 124: White. Jl UViOl WVi! mixed, $1 06VA ■
f?l in per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— Weak at $1 n. r .f?l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out l«,4f>i barrels '
Fkmr.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. $3 iT,<qZ 90; Oregon and Washington.
$3?T3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol- '
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 sO'iT4 75;
Oat (Croats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25'S'3 50; Buck- ;
wheat Flour, $*O* 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55H6 95; in sacks. $6 35@6 75;
Peart Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEELicTUFFS.
As predicted by the dealers more moderate |
receipts of Hay have resulted in a steadier.'
market. There Is no advance, but the feeling i
i? better all around and sales are being made I
at full Heures.
Bran continues- to decline and Middlings are I
also easier.
BRAN--sln 50016 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 S<v*?2l per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31«31 60; job- :
blng, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24^25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50 '
@24 50; Cracked Corn. $24<g25; Mixed Feed, I
?13 50@20.
CALIFORNIA HAY-Wheat. $U 50@16 50 for i
good to choice and $12 50513 60 for lower '
grades; Wheat and Oat. $12(315; Oat. $12@14- I
Island Barley. $12@13; Alfalfa, $7£9 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc ) I
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12f13; Cheat '
$10 £0-51150; Grass Hay, $9 aO^glO su; Oat $11®
IS: Clover, $9 50@10 50; Timothy, per ion.
STRAW— 3S@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market remains as previously quoted
and trade is quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75fl S5; Small Whites
$2 10<S2 20: Large Whites. $1 SOf 1 90; Pinks
$2 05@2 15; Reds. $3 25®3 35; Blackeye. $3 7o@
3 83; Butters. $2 25(g2 50; Llmas, $3 40^3 50-
Pea, $2 25@2 50; Red Kidneys. $2 50(&2 60 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75(54 per ctl-
Yellow Mustard, $3 20@3 50; Flax, $2 15®2 25-
Canary Seed, 2'i<g2-\c per lb; Alfalfa. $4@94c;
Rape. 2 ] .452%c; Hemp, 24<g3c; Timothy, 5
4} 54c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65@1 70; Green $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1224 boxes Asparagus, 761 boxes
Rhubarb and 112 sacks Peas.
There was another decline in Potatoes. The
Oregon steamer brought over 4200 sacks. Onions
likewise shaded off again.
The market for Vegetables stands about the
same. Peas have a wide range, according to
quality.
POTATOES— SI 50@l 65 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 40® IGO for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marln Burbanks. $1 40/01 60 per ctl; Oregon,
$1 40^1 £0 for seed and $1 60@l 70 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 3-{T4c per Tb.
ONIONS— SO(g-85c per ctl. outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 75cff$l 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 50@l 75 for No. 1 and $2@2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 4<Vii7sc per box for the general
run and $I@l 2o for fancy: Green Peas, 4@Sc-
String Beans, 10@15c; Cabbage. $1 25#1 60; To
matoes, $1 5022 for Mexican; Egg Plant, 124 c
per tt>; Garlic. 6@7c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Dried Peppers. 10c; Green Peppers, ;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 4QSIOC per
lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50cS$l 50 per dozen
POULTRY AND GAME.
The non-arrii al of an expected car of East
ern gave the Poultry market a firm tone. Game
was about the same.
POULTRY— Dreoeed Turkeys, 15g>17c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50« l 75; Goslings. $2 25
ffj2 50; Ducks, $5 sf>#6 50 for old and $7@B for
young; Hens. $5 60©7; young Roosters. $7 50®9;
old Roosters. $sfiti; Fryers. MB7; Broilers, $5@6
for large, $3<g4 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 50*31 75
per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. 75e051;
Hare. 5»<&75e; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for small; English Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Egg 3 were firm and sales over the quotations
were reported. Store Eggs were especially stiff
at le^nc. The Egg market is a curious one
this spring, as the usual quantity of Eggs
does not seem to be in the country.
Butter and Cheeee are unchanged. The loss
of the cargo of the Chilkat has not affected
the market.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17@174c; seconds.
16(ff164c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 15@16c; common
grades, 14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@114c; old,
10(gl04c; Cream Cheddar, 12@124c; Young
America, 114®124c; Eastern. 114® 14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@lSc per dozen.
DECIDUOU3 AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Strawberries continue to bring good prices,
as receipts are light. Fine Oranges still sell
well. Limes show some change. Lemon 6 are
quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 75c(?j$l 25 for common, $1 50#l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2(52 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, ofC/Sl r>er drawer for small
and 40Q50C for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25@3 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c(f$l 75: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 f.oig2; Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
and $2©2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@5; California Limes, 50<g75c per small
box; Grap'3 Fruit. $1 50<S3; Bananas. 51 50@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's. s@
-64c for 50-60' s. 4@44c for 60-70' s, 3^4<S34c for
70-SO's, 2*;<@3c for 80-90' s, 24@2%c for 90-100' s
and 2@2 1 4c for 100-110's; Peaches^ 84@94c for
good to choice, 10c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 124@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 84@9c; sun
dried, 6©5% c; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2i<ic:
Plume, nominal, 2c for unpitted. Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS— 3%ic for two-crown. i\c for three
crown, s\c for four-crown. 44<36c for Seedless
tultanas, 34c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2=v;@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per IT.; Walnuts, s<gßc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds.
80*90 for hardshell. 12Q13C for softshell. 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6'g7c for Eastern and
4UOw for California; Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HONEY-Comb. lO^llc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7'< i
<g?4c; light amber extracted. 7c; dark, 5@54c
per n>.
BEESWAX-25527C per !t>.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per 1b for heavy.
$4@9c for light medium, 104<i?nc for light,
12c for extra light and 124@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugai -cured Hams. 104@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl: extra
Mew Beef. $14: Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at SH'ff'.^c per lb for
compound and 7 1 i'57* 4 c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c; io-lb tins, S4c: 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6^'iifi%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 In a case. 94c;
3-lT> palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lT> pails, 12 in
a case. S'-jc; l'l-lb palls. 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7 T -sc; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. S4c: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, ~%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7* t c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9c: light, B<§S4c; Cow
hides. S'^'ffi'e; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 15c: culls and brands.
12c; rlry Kip and Veal, l'c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskin*, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Wool, 35@G0c each; medium, 70®90o; long Wool,
9>v-7<l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75(|2 25
for'larue and $1 for small; colts, 25@50c for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 44c per lb; No.
2. Mbc; refined, Be; Grease. 2 : v r.
WOOL— Spring ("His— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7y;>c: Foothill and Northern free, 10
((jl2c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9<JjlK-;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14Q15c; Nevada, 10
4jl2c; Eastern Oregon, 10® 12c.
Fall 'Wools—
Humboldt and Memloclno 9 #11
Northern Mountain 7 ©10
Southern 6 @ 74
Plains 6 7
HOPS— lSf'> crop, LOOUc per lb for ordinary.
12©124 c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from tirst hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 54c for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26®28c; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $ v ; Bouthfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $S in bulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 5u per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in "mlk and $14
in sacks
SUGAR— The Wfstern Sugar Refining Com
pany (|iiotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine (rushed, ;i l i..c; Powdered, 54c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, sc: Confec
tioners' A, Be; California A. 4*lc; Magnolia A.
4%c; Extra < '. Vy ; (Jolden C, 4%c; half bar
rels, i4c more than barrels, and boxes 4c more;
bags, 1-16 less. No order taken for less than
7o barrels or its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hrsrs are quoted a fraction firmer. Otherwise
there is nn thanse.
Wholesale rates fr^m slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 74©B4c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; email.- 74@8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Bc; 3wes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, lo@llc per lb.
i-i RK— Live Hogs, 6c for small. 54 ( S»i4c for
medium and 445434 C for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4(ji440; dressed Hogs, 64@74c
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April 6.
Flour, qr sks 11.6*34 Sugar, ska 4.Mn
Wheat, ctls 430 Sugar, bbls 600
Barley, ctls 2..'>4i> Lime, bbls 01
Corn. "ctls. East.. 600 Quicksilver, fiks. v,
Butter, ctls 4):, Wine, gals 30.5"0
Cheese, ctls . doz 25,560
Beans, sks -- Hay, tons 244
Potatoes, sks.... 832 s^traw. tons 38
Onions, sks Kil Wool, bales 428
Bran. ?ks I,MS Hides, No 771
Middlings, sks .. 119 Pelts, bdls 3,20,")
Alfalfa Seed, sks. 29 Leather, rolls ... 270
OREGON.
Flour, qr f-ks 18,422 Onions, sks 773
Oats, ctls 400 Hay, tons ...."... 10
Potatoes, sks ... 4,:Y>l
■ ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Daniel Buckley to Gussle McM. Hunt, lot on
N line of Pine street, 171:104 W of Steiner, W
34:44 by N 137:6. quitclaim deed; $5.
Charles F. and Gussle McM. Hunt to William
Munn. same; $10.
Ada N. Martin to Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society, lot on N line of Washington street,
131:3 W of Baker, W 25 by N 127:814; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Nicho
las J. T. Andresen, lot on N line of WashlnKton
street. 106.S W of Baker. W 25 by N 127:84;
$4250.
Roger Johnson to Max J. Brandensteln. lot
on SE corner of Sutter street and Central ave
nue. E 53:11 by S 65:5; $10.
Cora B. Smith (wife of Sidney V.) to Edwin
McAfee, lot on N line of Clay street. 103:14 W
of Locust, W 34:44 by N 127:SVi; $10.
John A. and Emma J. Brown to Charles G.
Stuhr. lot on E line of Church street, 51 ;6 S
of clipper, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Sarah Kahn (t.y H. I. Whelan. Sheriff) to
Wells, Fargo & Co., lot on NE corner of Ore
gon and Front streets, N 30 by E 65; $5000
Julie J. Rosenberg to Benoit Plegat, lot on
E line of Mason street, 82 N of Post, N 18 by
E E6; $10.
Charlotte F. Clarke to Marlon, Dorothy and
William Harron, lot on W line of Powell street,
94 S of Ellis,, S 41. W 97:6, N 26, W 7:6, N 21, E
20, S B, E 75; $123,500.
J. Dalzell Brown to Horatio P. Llvermore,
lot on S line of Vallejo street, 147:6 W of Tay
lor. W 117:6 by S 137:6: $10.
Horatio P. Llvermore to Helen E. Llvermcre,
lot on S line of Vallejo street, 137:6 W of Tay
lor. W 127:6 by S 137:6; gift. |
H. P. and Helen E. Llvermore to California
Safe Deposit and Trust Oomoany, lot on S
line of Vallejo street. 147:6 W of Taylor. W
117:6 by S 137: C; $10.
Philip and Mary Rogers to Christian Froe
lich, lot on NW line of Howard street, 175 SW
of First. SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
Louisa Parkinson to J. S. Morgan & Sons,
lot on S corner of Second and Stevenson streets,
SE 25 by SW 95: $10.
George F. Lynn to Abraham C. Freeman, lot
on W line of Fourteenth avenue, 175 S of Clem
ent street, S 125 by W 127:6; $10.
Hendrlck R. Schwur <-,r Schuur to Wilhelmina
Schwur. lot on W corner of Girard and Silli
man streets, NW 100 by SW 120, lot 4, block 15,
University Mound; gift.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Mary J.
Rvan, lot on NE line of Fifteenth avenue, 150
NE of L street. NE 75. NE 100. NW 75. SW 100.
lot 11, block 2SS, South Pan Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $10.
Charles and Marie Stirling (by R. H. Fitz
gerald, commissioner) to George W. Frlnk. lot
on NW corner of Naples and India stre.ts, N
ISO by W 100, lot 5, block 50, Excelsior Home
stead; $3250.
Ellen Delaney to Roman Catholic Archbishop
of San Francisco, lots 20 and 30, block 521,
Haley Purchase; $10.
Alameda County.
Pacific Improvement Company to Oakland
Water Front Company (a corporation), be
ginning at a stake marked "E. G. Co." on E
line of Market street, 151.P3 S from XE corner
of Market ami First streets, thence E 356.02, S
208 to a point on S boundary line of Rancho
San Antonio, thence W to its lnteresction with
E line of Market, thence N 345 to beginning,
Oakland; $10.
Oakland Water Front Company to Oakland
Equitable Gas Company, beginning at a stake
marked "E. G. Co." on E line of Market street,
181.93 S from NE corner of Market and First
streets. E 356.02. S 1(140.97 to X harbor line of
Oakland harbor, thence W 234.24. X 623.62 W
57.95, N 545.22 to beginning, Oakland; $50,000.
James P. Dameron, Elizabeth May G. W.
Pagander and Shoal Water Bay and Eastern
Oyster Company to Oakland Water Front Com
pany (a corporation), lot on SE corner of
Brash street where same is extended and pro
duced S and Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence
E on S line of said rancho to a point that
would be on W line of Grove street (where
said street is extended and produced southerly),
thence S to channel of San Antonio Creek,
thence W to what would be the E line of
Brush street (where same is extended and pro
duced southerly). X to beginning, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Rodney W. and Mattie Church to Mftggie
Landrepan (wife of J. T.). lots 1. 2 and 3. block
15. Landregan Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
James T. and Maggie Landresan to John P.
Scanlan, same, Oakland Township; $10.
Charles S. Brundage to Emma L. Brundage,
beginning at a point in the certain line of Sac
ramento street, 200 S from point of intersection
thereof with S line of Rose street S 152:4, E
191:6. X 152:4. W 191:6, to beginning, being por
tion plat 89, Rancho V. and D. Peralta. sub
ject to a mortgage for $250, Berkeley; $10.
Ellen McMaster to Frances McMaster, lots A
and B. block 21. Alameda Park Homestead,
Alameda: $10.
Ellen F. McMaster to Joseph McMaster. lot
C. block 21, same. Alameda: $10.
Bank of Pleasantcn to Frederick F. Jacob
in,, lot T of plat 52, Rancho El Valle de San
Jose, containing 20 acres, Murray Township;
John E. Schreck to Bertha S. Cope, lot on E
corner of Abhle and Main streets. XE 62:4, SE
125, SW 102:9. XW 130:8, to beginning, being
lot R, block C, Town of Pleasanton, Murray-
Township; $100.
Edward H. Anthony to Victorine F. Anthony,
all Interest in lot on NW corner of Eighth and
Peralta streets. N 42. W 100. S 71:3^, E 104:3>-<
to beginning, Oakland; grant.
Edward H. and Mabe! E. Anthony to same.
all interest in lot on S line of Central avenue,
160 Wof West street. S 100, W 25. N 4:t>- 2 , W
73:11,, X 110:3^. E 116:8, to beginning, block 151,
Oakland: grant.
John R. Glascock to Catherine Boyce. lot 20.
Glascock and Blow Temescal Tract. Oakland;
$175.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities continued active on the
morntne session and Gas & Electric showed
some recovery at $73@72. falling figures, the
stock being unsettled and irregular. LO3 An
geles Railway 5s were also somewhat firmer
at JlOß'i.
On the afternoon call Gas & Electric sold at
S~3<&~3\t. Mutual Electric was lower at $14Vi.
Oceania Steamship advanced to $75.
Mining stocks continued weak in spite of
the resumption of pumping, and the best
prices were rather below those of the pre
| ceding day. The telegram from the pump
read: "Water 12S feet 3 inches below 1750 level
and 154 feet 3 inches below the Sutro tunnel
drain boxes. Since starting the water has
lowered 3 feet 9 inches in the Chollar com
bination shaft, 6 feet In the Hale & Xorcross
incline and 10 feet in the winze from the 1750
level of the Con. Cal. & Va. The elevator is
working smoothly."
The Ophlr and Yellow Jacket assessments
of 15c per share each will be delinquent In
the hoards to-day.
Sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange in
March were $457,200, against *3&0,ooo in March,
; 1898. and for the first three months or the
year $1,881,800, against $1,175,5<W in 1898. The
sales of stock in March were 63,577 sharps,
against 45.779 in IKW, and for the first quarter
190,571 shares, against 136.584.
l_"tah is assessed Jc.
The weekly letter from the Justice mine
states that in cutting out the side of tile sr.uth
i drift on the 370 level, to prospect some quartz
they have exposed a streak of ore two inches
wide assaying: Gold $20.67, silver SIM 60 per
ton. During the week they hoisted from this
level 20 tons 800 pounds of ore. the car
sample of which averages: Gold $13 21. silver
; 4.6 ounces; total, $15.75 per ton. From the 490
level they hoisted 15 tons of ore. the car
samples averaging: Gold $7.85, silver 6.6
ounces; total, $11.36 per ton
6TOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. WEDNESDAY, April 5—2 p. m.
BiU.Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds- Eqult G L Co. M 4 8%
is quar coup. .ll.>'- 2 114 Mutual El Co. M« 15
4s quar r«?K... — •— Oakland Gas..
4s quar new.. — 129 V; Pac Gas Imp. 76% 77'
3s quiir coup.. — 10SH Pao LCo — —
Miscellaneous— SF G & E 73 13H
Cal-st Cab ss. 116 — Fun Fran 3'~ 3%
; Cal Elec 1. 68.12.5U127H Gas 6?. 102 lOStt
C C Wat 5a....105Vs - lnsurance-
Dup-st ex c... — — FlrenVs Fund. 22o 225
E L & P 6a. 131 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 6s. 116 — Anglo-Cal 65 _
i Geary-st R sb. — 98 IBank of Ca1. .257 —
iH C & S 5Hs. -105 Cal P D & T.. it? —
L A LCo (8.. - — | First Nation). 22o 225
Do gntd 65.. 101 — jLon P & A... 131 132'^
LAR of Cal. 105 106 ! Mer Exchange — 18
Mnrket-st 65...128 — |Nev Xat 8k..152»£ —
Do Ist M 58.116 116*4 Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. 107 — iGer S & L... — 1575
N Ry Cal 65.. — 113^ Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal Ss.-UAHlll .Mutual Say. — 41^
NPC R R 6s. — 107 S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55.102V4 — S & L 50.... — 101
N Cal R R ss. l'M — Securit S B. 300 556
Oak Gas 5s 109 — L'nlon T Co. —
Om C Ry 65. ..125% — Street Rallroads-
P&CI Ry 65.. — 103 California 112^115
i P &O 6s 117 — I Geary 45 -
Powell-st 65... — 121H Market-st .... 64 64 1 ;
Sac El Ry sb. — — |O a k S L&H. — —
FF4N P 58.1 UK — 'Presidio 14 —
S F &. S JVos.ll4'4 — | Powder—
SlerraßCal 6s.im>«iriS«4 iCaltfomla ....— 190
i S P of Ar 65.112'.41125fc E Dynamite... — M2H,
SPC Ss (1905)110^ — Giant Con Co. *!', gl%
:SP C6b (ir«)6) — — Vigorit 2' 4 !U
. S PC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
fPCIs eg ss. 105 — Hana P C 0.... 17 r > g i:"i
SPBr Es 122H — Haw C&SC. 8S
S V Water 6a. — 116% Hutch S P Co. 31"
S V Water 45. 103% — Paauhau S P. 38
F V W4siMm).lfn ; »gl«i»; M:sce!laneous—
Ptktn Gas 65. .102 103' iAI Pac Assn.llPHHOVi
Water Stocks— Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Contra Costa.. 65 1 --. 66 Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Marin Co nO — Oceanic S Co.. 75 7oU
: Ppringr Valley.lo2 : >ilo2Sß:Pac A F A.... 1% —
Gas and Electric— Pac C Bor C0.107 1^ —
, r-apitnl Ga«... — — Par Paint Co.. 7W —
Cent L & P... ~Si 8
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water, s 30 66 00
2n Contra Costa Water 66 00
2S Contra Costa Water 63 S7'j
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar SG 2.> "
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar
1". Hutchinson S P Co 31 7,">
$13.0fiU Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bd5..10." 25
50 Market Street Railway 64 73
I $6000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 110 50
■■ 65 Oceanic S S Co 74 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
35 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 7.1 00
2>iO San Francisco Gas ft Electric C 0.... 7. 1 50
115 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 2o
150 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co '.
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 :;7'-'.
; Jf.COO S F & S J V bonds 114 f,O "
520 Vigorit Powder 2 50
30 Vigorit Powder 2 25
Street—
25 Pacific Coast Borax 110 00
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 50
100 Giant Powder Con fil 23
51000 S V 6 per cent bonds 116 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Contra Costa Water 68 00
100 Equitable CJas S 50
20 Giant Powder Con f>l 25
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar v
$10,000 Market St R R Con 5 per ct bds.Uo 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 14 75
f>o Mutual Electric Light 14 60
25 Mutual Electric Light 14 62tf
100 Oceanic S S Co 74 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 74 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 74 75
100 Oceanic S S Co 74 87H
100 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
60 San Francisco (las & Electric Co 73 25
40 San -Francisco Gas & Electric Co 1
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30 73 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 6" 73 00
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). 101 i"i2>£
5 Spring Valley "Water 102 50
Street—
$10,000 S F & S J V bonds 114 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
Ji" San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 25
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 37^
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 62>4
40 Market Street Railway 64 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... S6 37H
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Equitable Gaslight 8 75
50 Equitable Gaslight S 87>4
15 Hut< hlnson S P Co 31 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co 31 874
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 44 200 Mexican 75
200 Alpha Con 07 200 Occidental 29
200 Andes 20 100 Occidental 28
100 Belcher 43| 50 Ophir 105
EOO Best & Belcher o"; 200 Potosi 35
50 Best & Belcher 5S 1 300 Potosi 34
500 Chollar 37 COO Savage 35
100 Con Cal & Va.2 10 200 Scorpion 04
100 Confidence 95 100 Sierra Nevada. l °5
200 Crown Point... 23! 200 Utah 19
COO Gould & Curry 45 L'CO Yellow Jacket. 26
100 Hale & Norcrs -37 275 Yellow Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 5S 400 Mexican 77
150 Best &. Belcher 57 300 Ophir 110
200 Bullion 04 500 Potosi n
100 Challenge 42 3'X> Savage • ,;
100 Challenge 41 300 Sierra Nevada.l "0
600 Chollar 3S 400 Union C0n.. .. H
550 Con Cal & Va.2 10 j 100 Union C0n.... tA
400 Crown Point... 2S 200 Utah 19
300 Gould & Curry 47 100 Yellow Jacket 27
400 Hale & Norcrs 37 200 Yellow Jacket. 26
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 081 300 Hale & Norcrs 38
ICO Belcher 4a! 400 Mexican 74
400 Best A Belcher 56 300 Ophir 1 05
200 Best & Belcher 59 200 Ophir i 07i,
1000 Bullion 7. 03 400 Overman 19
200 Challenge Con. 42 200 Potosi 31
600 Chollar 381 400 Potosl • 32
300 Chollar 37 800 Savage 34
200 Chollar 38 900 Savage M
750 Con Cal & Va.2 10 1500 Savage 87
400 Crown Point... 20 1 800 Savage M
300 Gould & Curry 441 200 Sierra Nev...i;2'*.
300 Gould & Curry 45: 400 Union Con M
500 Gould & Curry 46 ! 200 Yellow Jacket. n J>
300 Gould & Curry 471 200 Yellow Jacket. 2«
500 Hale &. Norcrs 371 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
Afternoon Session.
400 \lta Vi 200 Crown Point... 28 :
200 Andes 19 200 Crown Point... 25
1200 Andes 18 £00 Hale & Norcn 30
400 Belcher 41 400 Mexican 75
200 Best & Belcher 59 800 Ophir 115
500 Caledonia 41 200 Ophir 1 07'/
200 Caledonia 40 700 rot. 31
700 hollar 36 SOO Potosl 35
600 Con Cal & V...2 15 400 Potos 33
200 Con Cal & V.2 12'; 700 Potosl 32
150 Con Cal & V... 10 700 Savage ......... 37
200 Con Cal & V.2 07% 300 Sierra, Nevada.! 25
SCO Con Cal & V...2 051 200 Sierra Nevada. l 20
900 Con Cal & V.2 02H »00 Union Con . . . . 55.
500 Con New York 08 200 Utah 19
200 Crown Point.... 281 -
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. April 5—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. • Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con 07 09 Julia — «2
Alta 12 14 Justice 22 —
Andes 16 17 Kentuck 06 OS
Belcher 40 41 Lady Wash .... — 02
Best & Belcher no 56 Mexican <4 7o
Bullion 03 04 Occidental » —
Caledonia — 42 Ophir 1051 10
Chollar 3", 36 Overman 1< 1-'
Challenge -Con.. 37 35 Potosi 31 A.
Confidence 90 92 fiavagre 33 uo
Con «"al & Va. 2 00 205 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial .. 02 03|Seg Belcher.... — 0.
Crown Point... 24 25ISierra Nevada. lldl JO
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill — &•>
E Sierra Nev. 02 —Syndicate OS — •
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard 2502 75
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 5a ofi
Gould. & Curry. 43 Utah 16 «
Hale & Norcrs. 36 37 1 Yellow Jacket.. 2a 27
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
April, IS&S.
ill.
Me
Tu. We
Th.
Pr.
Sa. !
1
S
16 i
11
29 !
29
! Moon** Phases.
| (ft- Last Quarter,
V. April 3.
i
D
in I
23
3J
10
17
111
1 6
11 13
IS l'J ,
8
I
i 20
I
•i
-1
14
28
/Sjv Jfew Mooo.
|W Aprl 9,
-tk Flret Quarter
J? April 17.
©Full Moon.
April *5.
n
!
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office. located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exnense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Liputennnt. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tho height nf tirip is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, MARCH 8.
Sun rises
Pun sets 6:38
Moon rises 3:H a. m. I
D ITimel Timel ITiiael ITlmel
g. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
» |L W| HW| LWJ IH Wj
6 ... 2:M| 1.9 S:r.3 5.4 2:2 si O.S| 9:1" 5.6
7... 2:55! 1.2 f'.lO 5.4! 3:l.'| O.ai P:>
S ... 3:46 0.6 10: M S.i i
9 ... 4:31' 0.2' U:00 f,.4 4::<4 1.3 1"
10 ... 5:14 ..0.2 11:50 5.2 s:fv 1.7 11
H W L W H W] I. W
11 ... C:ol'— n.4l 12:44 5.0 5:48 2i
12 . ( :ofl '"I 6:5( -0 4 • y 2.8
_ 36| 4.4 7:10 2.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of th= tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or rlph; hand column cives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, a? sometimes occur. The heights
plven are addiitons to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1= th<" mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydfogrraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 5, 1*59.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
I
Peru 'China and Japan.' Apl. 6
Corona Pan Dif-so Apl. 6
Point Arer.a IP i -it Arena Apl. 8
czarina Seattle Apl. 6
Weott ' '• s Bay .'Apl. 7
Pomona ... Humboldt iApl. 7
Area t a Coos Bay 'Apl. 7
Mi Sydney Apl. 7
v. '.Valla... Victoria & Puget SoundlApl. 7
n r > Newport !Apl. 8
Mi . aw Tncomn lApl. S
le River. Grayi Harbor I Apr. 9
a. Blancbard..]Coos Bay !Apr. 9
Aloha (Point Arena !Apr. 9
Orescent City... ICrescent City lApl. ?
Willamette .... "Seattle .Apl. 9
RriPtol 'Departure nay 'Apl. 9
Tnwnsend Coqullle Riyer Apl. 1"
Tartar IVancouver iApl. 10
Alliance 'Portland 'Apl. 10
Fulton lApl. 10
■VVyefleld :Nana!mo Apl. 10
Santa Rosa 'San Dies:o lApl. 10
Columbia • iPortland lApl. 10
Luella Tillamook !Apl. 11
City of Rio China and Japan lApl. 11 !
San Jose iPanama A^l. 11 j
Coos Bay Newport [Apr. 12 '■
TTmatilla [Victoria & Puget SoundlApr. 12
North Fork ; Humboldt lApl. 13
State of Cal....;Portland Apl. 15
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pl«r.
_______ ■ i __________
Coos Bay... Newport |Apl. 6. 9 am' Pier 11
Que^n Vie & Pgt Sd.lApl. 6. 10 am Pier 9
Cutacao ...'Mexico 'Apl. 7. 10 am 1 Pier 11
Weeott |Yaquina Bay. Apl. 7. 5 pm!Pier 13
State Ca!... (Portland Apl. 8. 10 ami Pier 24
City SydneylPanama Ar ! . 8. 12 miPMSS
Corona 'San Diepo Apl. S, ll am'PW 11
Pt Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Apl. 8, 3 pm'Pier 2
Pimona Humb-'ldt |Apl. 9, 2pm Pier 9
Arcata [Coos Bay lApl. 9, Ham Pier 13
Orizaba ....'Newport Apl. 10, oam Pier 11
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay 'Apl. 11. spm Pier 13
TV'alla WallVlc & Pet Sd.lApi. 11. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa! San Dleeo ! Apl. 12. 11 am Pi.'r 11
Npp'n M'ru China&.TapanlApl. 12, 1 pm'PMS?
Columbia ..'Portland lApl. 13. 10 am' Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April 5.
Ftmr Ruth, Strand, 44 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, SO hours from
Taci ma.
Stmr State of California, fJoodall. 4DVa hours
from Portland, via Astoria 40U hours.
Stmr Prru. Friele. 21 days from Panama, etc.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Bark Levi G Burgess, ToungTen, 9 days from
.
Schr Twilight, Johnson, 14 days from Ta
cormi.
Schr .Tames H Bruoe, Peterson, 11 days from
P >rt Gamble.
Sehr Benier Brothers, Wetzel, 16 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 27 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Free Trade, Hansen, 3 days from Usal;
ur river direct.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 7 days from Til
lamook.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 5.
Schr Uranus, Etangeland, codttshing; C E
Whitney & Co.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Brit < '<>nsuelo. Page. Mahukona; J D Spreck
els A: Bros Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins: & Co.
Ship Llt-wellyn J Morse. Salvesen, Chignik
Bay: Alarka Packer?' Association.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria-
Gr.odall, Perkins & Co. '
Schr Transit, Jorger.sen, Honolulu; Williams
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 5.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson.
Stmr Greenwood, Faperlund.
Stmr Aloha. Jorpensen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Mineola, David, Xanaimo.
Str.ir Jennie, Esser, Cooks Iniet.
Ger bark J C Pfiuger, Hoover, Liverpool
Brig Oonsuelo, Page. Mahukona.
Echr Uranus, Stangeland, codflshlng.
Bohr Premier, Wagner. Bristol Bay. via Red
fish I „ .
Bchr C T Hill, Rudbach. Grays Harbor.
Bchi ■■. Eureka.
! Epplngar, John?-m. Point Arena.
CHARTERS.
The Vine ' c for the Amoor River.
loads flour at Tacoma fo»
China; lumber at Portland for
mai.i.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 5, 1" P m— Weather
foggy; wind west; miles.
SPOKEN.
March 5, on equator, SI W— Br ship Glendoon,
: . tland, (■ r Queenstown.
Mar ■•-Nor bark Fan
tasl, from Port Blakeley, for Buenos Ayres.
Per April 1, lat 42
"'.', schr Doles Sherwood of * ictoria
d to be reported.
KSTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Sailed April 5 — t^hip Dashing
Wave, for San Francisco.
i JIARFORD — Sailed April 2 — Schr
. for Snoalwater Ba»
i iLVMPIA- Sailed April s— Schr Ivy. for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 5— Stmr Pomona,
April 4; s;mr I.uella. hence April 3: schr
Krami Claudlna. hence Marco 30; schr Laura
Pike, from. Coos Bay.
- hr .T G Wall, for San Fran
-BAN PEDRO— Sailed April s— Bktn Retriever,
utle.; schr J M Colman. for Pan Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 3— Stmr Columbia.
A:>ril 3.
Sailed April s— Br bark Bowman B Law, for
town; ftnr Geo W Elder, for San Fran
r LOS ANGELES— Arrived April s— Haw
stmr from Nannlmo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Anril 4— Ptmr Arcata,
hence Ai rii 2.
rll s—Pchr Manila (new), for San
Francisco; stmr Weeott, for San Francisco;
stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 4— Ship Cyrus
Wakefield. for San Franrisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed April 4-^Stmr San Jose,
for S.in Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 4— Br stmr Fau
San?, from Oregon.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 3— Er bark Inve
rurie, from Oregon.
rALMOL"! 11— Arrived April 4— Br ship Sil
berhorn. from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 4— Br ehlp
Garvdale, from Taroma.
WELLINGTON— Arrived April I— Br Etmr
Mlowera, frr.m Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior April s— Br stmr
Miowera, fr >m Vancouver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April s— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam.
Sailed s— Stmr Rotterdam, for Rotter
dam': stmr Friesland, fur Antwerp; stmr Ma
for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed April 5— Stmr Lahn,
for New York.
Mi 'YILLE -Arrived April s— Stmr Anchor!*,
from New York-
MARSEILLES— Arrived April 4— Stmr Kara
minia, from New York.
PHILADELPHIA - Arrived April s— Stmr
Be' gen land, from Liverpool. _
OCEAN TBAVEIt
f»BHUIll 8 - S. Marlposa
liaflHil! sails v;a  Honolulu
!*P»lili% and Auckland for
W ™ Sydney Wednesday,
Ty^^V^ April '19, at 10 p. m.
iSfMm^ninJ The s - s - Australia
G)iCflll!jlllK sails for Honolulu
/Qfnpvgn/.L. Wednesday, May 3, at
vi"'r"'**'"M 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Otfice.327 Market St
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ij^ • Steamers leave Broadway
V*£>s_, wharf, San Francisco:
Mit*e»3iSi. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
nSfuvl^ -Apr. 1. 6. 11. 16 - 21. 26, May 1:
! RE* fcSS^?*^ change at Seattle.
! IgrcSl <&j For Victoria, Vancouver CO.
fc*J3sS£s£&i C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^*&l£ij<3i Tacoma. Everett. Anacnrtes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
**** 10 a. m., Apr. 1. 6. 11. 16, 21,
28, May 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
: For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2p. m., Apr. 4,
9. 14. 19. 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford 'San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 28.
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Ancles). 11 a.
m . Apr. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, May 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mei.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanrs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an hour* of «=->ilinsr.
TICKET OFFICE— ( New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajrts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 18 a. m.
PA DP Si 2 First Cla«9 Including Berth*
rMiiC S>B Second Cla«« and Meal*.
Columbia sails March 14. 24: April 3. U. U.
State of California, sails March IS. 23; April
S. 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market streaC
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW STORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12' St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 1*
New York April 26! St. Paul May IT
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. '■£'■ V\
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12 Noordland May S
Westernland ...April 19 Frlesland May 10
Kensington April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE' LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 11
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May •
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June I
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight, and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE
NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT
NEW YORK— LONDON'— PARIS—
•BHGIi\M\G APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings,' etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York
HERZO-3 & CO.. Gen. Acts. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery st., San Francisco..
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC^.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -^jJ
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. rf^MPTv
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ■awaL» A
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE, April 8- LA
BRETAGNE. April 15; LA TOURAINE. April
22; LA GASCOGNE. April 29; LA NORMAN-
DIE. May 6. First class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowlin*
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., S. F.
HOLLAND=AM£RICA LINE
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. $50
upward; Second Cabin. $37
Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM.
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 021 Market Street. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEH STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
• Men.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Friday*
1 P. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlsslon-st. Dock. Pier N*.
2. Telephone Main 150«.
FARE ......,50«SMITH IS FAVORITE
OVER GEORGE GREEN
Jhe Welter-Weights Are Now in
Condition to Fight
f> KOROK GRKEN and TUHy Smith have turned their backs upon the-
b punching bags, swinging chibs and other paraphernalia used by pugi-
Ahen they are training for a boxing contest. Yesterday their re
ective trainers called a halt and ordered the fighters to rest at ease
until Friday evening, when they will be called upon to do battle in Wood-
Pavilion.
It la • to the pugilists to say that whatever their training may
have been, their condition Is perfect. Smith looks even' inch a fighter, and
his numerous friends will be greatly disappointed should he fail tn stop his
opponent inside of twenty rounds. Green has very little to say about the mill.
"When pinion he smiled blandly and shooting a sly wink at his
-;.>r and r.->r.ndentiai adviser, Bob McArthur, said in undertones: "Well,
I don't know how it will end, hut I am .lust as confident of whipping Smith
=; I wns when I faced him two years ago in Carson. You must not
me now by the fight I made in New York, or you will get badly
I."
•-i Is v hard man to place. Sometimes he astonishes the sports by
Ms rapi.l and clever fighting; then again he will fight like an amateur who
I •art after a few hard smashes on the nose. Certainly, if Green put
up a good resistance against Smith for twenty-five rounds In ' New York
•he atmosphere was so oppressively hot that the spectators of the
a ere sweltering in their summer garments a great allowance must be
made for him, as he is unable to battle successfully in a warm climate.
c wants cold weather, and his fight in Carson proved that fact beyond
argur
Some wagers have been made in the poolrooms. Smith is a favorite at
$10 to $7. and as considerable "wise" money will be placed on him to
■■v < vening doubtless the above figures will undergo a change and the
.r may close at 2 t" 1. with Green on the short end. Judging from the
r he fighters, the betting should be at even money and take ynur
rr.nice, but the raco track sports are "sweet" on Smith, and their "hard
earned coin" will make Smith a strong favorite. The fight should, how
ever, be very exciting, as Smith is an aggressive fellow, and it can be safely
said that Green will not run away from hot exchanges. The preliminary to
the main event will be a ten-round contest between the heavy-weights Jim
Jeffords and Al Collins.
The managers of Green and Smith m^t last evening and after a very
brief session they agrteed upon Professor Walter Watson to referee the
fight on Friday evening. Watson consented to act in the capacity of ref
eree provided that he was granted the privilege of ordering extra rounds in
case he was unable to give a decision at the end of the twentieth round..
His request In this particular met with no opposition and he was then se
lected as the. referee. Smith at first wanted Jim McDonald, the .baseball
man, and Green's choice was Jack Kitchen of Oakland, but the lighters
could not agree on either man.
A, E. LUCAS IS
ARRESTED ON A
FELONY CHARGE
Attempt at Blackmail
Is the Crime.
LETTERS ARE IN EVIDENCE
"NOBBY" CLAUKE ESTATE IS AT
THE BOTTOM.
Interesting Developments Are Ex
pected During the Preliminary
Examination of the Ac
cused Detective.
Albert E. Lucas, the detective whose
apartments on Market street are illum
inated by various kaleidoscopic lights,
•was arrested and placed in a ceH in the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
Bending threatening' letters with the in
tent to extort money. The complainant
was J. F. Turner of this city, and it was
on his affidavit that the warrant was is
pued by Judge Mogan and the alleged
offender taken into custody.
The .affidavit on which the warrant was
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOCOOGOO
O •
• you miss one of the •
o •
§ pleasures of the ©
o . o
• table unless you •
© have the crisp, dainty •
i Grape-Nuts.
,o °
• Ask your grocer for •
• the new food. i »
9 •
••••••••••••••••••••••
A famous woman in Chicago says: "I
am' so much in love with Grape-Nuts
;that I presume I often bore people tell-
ing them about the new food. You
< -rtainly will make an everlasting fort-
une from th? sale of Grape-Nuts. The
"article is destined to become the best-
known cereal on the market."
It can hardly be called a cereal, for It
Is not like the common rolled wheat or
rolled oats, but it is in the form of
granules, ranging from the size of a
pin head, up to twice or three times
that size.
r it is thoroughly cooked at the fac-
tory., and requires no preparation what-
ever, but can be served instantly with
hot milk or hot cream to make a hot
mush, or cold cream can be poured in
the side 'of the saucer and a very deli-
clnus crisp food is the result. Not only
is the taste fascinating, but the nutri-
tive value of the food i 8 very great as
shown by the improved- condition p'hy-
S C Si y dav d m , entally "* those who use
It.ten days of two weeks. j
issued sets forth that Lucas, with the
intent to extort from Turner the sum of
$19,315. sent to Turner two letters ex
pressing and adapted to Imply the threat
that unless the sum of money stated was
paid Lucas would accuse Turner of
crime— the character of the crime being
unknown to Turner.
The two letters referred, to were writ
ten by Lucas, a fact which he admits.
They relate to a certain transaction re
garding papers of the "Nobby" Clarke
estate, the circumstances of which, as set
forth by Turner, have been fully pub
lished in The Call. The fim letter, on
which complaint is made, is dated uarcb
• , and was written by Lucas, in
which, after referring to a certain price
Turner demanded for blocks of- the
"Xobby" Clarke paper, Lucas complains
that he was taken advantage- of by Tur
ner as well as his friend. M. A. Rose,
and in conclusion says that Turner can
take the letter "as a threat or whatever
he chooses," but a settlement must l>e
had.
The second letter is on the same line
and again a demand that a "settlerm-nt
be made" is set forth. A few days ago
Turner filed suit in the Superior Court
charging Lucas with having entered into
a conspiracy to extort money from him
(Turner;, and the arrest of yesterday is
but another development in thin cape.
Others will follow, however, as Turner
proposes carrying the matter to the
United States courts and charging Lucas
with the improper use of the mails.
Late in the afternoon Luca-S secured 'his
release from prison. He denies that he
endeavored to extort money from Tur
ner, but says that the letters he wrote
wore simply sevtre. as the case demanded
such measures. He claims that Turner
is indebted to him to the extent of several
hundred dollars for services rendi
but on the other hand Turner sets forth
Lucas misappropriated several thou
sand dollars he paid him to be paid to
ward the settlement of an account be
tween Turner and Rose, but of which
Turner claims Rote never received one
cent.
BAY CITY CLUB'S DANCE.
Fourteenth Annual Reception at the
Palace Hotel Last Evening.
The Bay City Wheelmen hold their four
; teenth annual reception last evening at
! the Palace Hotel maple room. Over 200
, guests enjoyed the dancing until after
; midnight. Light refreshments were
, served during the evening.
Among those present were: Mr. and
| Mrs. Clinton R. Coulter, Mr. and Mrs.
B. D, Mendell, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Head
Mr. and Mrs. Henry W. Spalding, Mr.
and Mrs. A. D. Sangster, Mesdames C.
X Melrose, W. K. Martland, McLaln,
I King, Kanzee and Hadenfeldt; Misses
I Kelly, Melrose, Kaiser. Crawford
Trott. Littlenv-M Mahel .Phillips, Belle
Knox, Belle Ensign, Kelscy. Nolan, Ker
rigan, Martland. Ludlow, Jobson Reid
Etta Botch, Sady Ludlow, Cummincs'
C'iHison, Wilson. Matthews, Lizzie Chap
man. Clara House, Stanford, Keefe Day
, Taylor, Cook. Hadenfeldt, Grace McCros
| sen, Edie McCrossen, P. J. Morrin and
Ida Daly; Messrs. 11. L. Cummins, A.
; Reid. Charles L. Hogue, C. Levenaahl,
; Leon Ensign, James Ludlow, S. G I,e
--; wald. 11 A. Frasr-r. A. Kanz, Ranckiel
:C. K. Melrose, Ivan Treadwell, J l'
• Emanuel. W. Stevens. J. Rolph Dr C
i C. Dennis, M. C. Babln, E. K. Stoddard
i George P. Wotmore, William P. Marshall'
i Major J. Allen Wheat. U. S. A.- Ed
: Kelly W. L. Meckfesael, L. R. Cofer
! Gus Fleissner, F. #lall. Bert J. Menne'
Dan O'Callaghan. Dr. Keefc- A. S Nelson'
li: L. Day, R. Taylor, H. W. Rinn Wil
liam O'Toole, George B. StangenhprKtr
J. M. Nye Jr., Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan'
i David Staples Painter, J. W. McDonald
! and Zera Howard.
Advances made en furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-102J Mission.
■ ♦ »
West of Castro Street Club.
The meeting of the West of Castro
3treet Improvement Club last night was
well attended. F. M. Quallman, presi
lent, with the executive committee- l". i;
Hackney, W. J. Nixon, Captain W. R.
Anderson, J. J. Cotter and Major B. W.
McKinne— were on hand and once more
iiscussed the necessity of having a auit
ible school building erected In Nbe Val
ey, west of Castro street, for the accom
modation of the numerous children who
ire deprived of school facilities. Addi
tional electric lights, as provided for In
ast year's tax levy, and which have so
'ar been neglected, will be pftitloned for
jnce more. This, with recommendations
'or the opening of -streets southward,
will be brought to the attention of the
3upervisors.
Advance* mads on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. M7-M2J Mission^
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAT, APRIL 6, 1899.
KITTY KELLY
FIRS T FOR THE
ANDROUS STAKE
The Favorite, Golden
Rule, Ran Second.
WINNER BEAT THE BARRIER
FOUR BEATEN FAVORITES AT
OAKLAND.
Flower of Gold Downed a Big Field.
Paul Griggs in Front With Pig
gott Up — Topmast Won
the Handicap.
The Androus stake, for two-year-olds,
at four furlongs, was decided at Oak
land track yesterday, and was captured
by the brown Apache filly Kitty Kelly,
I carrying 120 pounds. She was 9 to 1 In
! the bitting, and with Johnny Relff In the
saddle, beat the barrier, winning all the
way.- The odds on choice. Golden Rule,
stumbled Just at the start and was kept
busy the last part to down Limerick for
the place. Bathos and Loch Katrine
were the only other starters.
The different events all bore an open
look and no great amount of plunging
was indulged In by the crowd. Of the
six favorites four met reverses. Eddlo
I Jones, who. is showing excellent form in
I the saddle, piloted two winners of the
! plate.
Rosalbra, the strapping big chest
| nut horse from the stable of Dan
I McCarthy, was highly touted to
\ win the opening Eprint, notwith
, standing which S to 1 in plenty was
; obtainable about him. Hennessy had the
| leg up and. getting away well, shook Jin
glr Jingle oft", winning easily. The latter
! took the phice from the favorite, An
i chored. in a drive.
The handsome filly. Flower of Oold. de
feated a big bunch of youngsters In the
two-year-old scramble. Backed from S to
2. she was away fairly well, and going
I around tho fiold was second to Bamboulia
: at the stretch. Hero the latter colt began
backing up and the. favorite, drawing
I away under punishment, led Rachel C
out with something in reserve. George
I Snkler finished in the show with Tanobe.
Nine started in the mile selling event,
i with T.imr- "Water ruling a 9 to 5 ohr>lo<\
As the barrier was ■ released Jenkins,
, astride the 6 to 1 shot, Potfnte. shot to
| the front, winning in a gallop at the wire.
After being cut oft ami ridden the over
: land the favorite managed to snatch the
j place in a drive from Glenn Ann.
Gray Paul Griggs started for the first
; time in the colors of Duke & Wishard,
! winning the fifth number at fix furlongs
: from a modprate field. Ridden by Pig
gott, he closed a hot favorite, and led
i Amosa out at the stand by a length.
Meadow Lark, a SO to 1 outsider, was
third.
A handicap at one mile and a furlong
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, April 5, 1899.—Sixty-fourth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
Starter.
QOO FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; • selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $40fr.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
4m.
«m.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
... Ro«albra. 4 114 2
'.ngle Jingle, 3.... M 1
achored, 3 iw io
B02 Henry C, 4 in 4
9u2 Potrarrh. 6 Ill 7
919 Gold Fin, 3 "
GS5 Darechota. 4 109 11
867 Oahu. 4 196 3
8M Llmatus. 3
... Alvln E, 5 Ill B
924 Cl
2 3
1 2
5 l
9 2
?n'
7h
10 2
4 2
3 h
6 1
11
1 2
i a
6 2
7 2
4 h
8 H
9 3
3 U
51
10 I
11
1 3
2 6
5 1
4 Vi
3 '.4
8 1 ■
9 2
6 1
7 1
10
11
1 4 ■Hennessy
2 " McKleholi ...
3 1 Holmes
4 2 Glover
6 4 Macklln
6 1 W. N'arvaez..
7 1 Snider
8 1 . Mounce
9 2 Romero
Ill 3 J. Russell....
11 iPiggott
6 7
3 3
2 13-5
10 15
6 7-2
50 100
10 20
15 15
10 20
20 10
I U 15
Time- V Mi; 'i. :49: K. 1:18. Winner, Dan McCarthy's ch. h. by Flambeau-imp.
Rosette. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving.
Rosalbra had shown fast work and ran up to It in the race. Away well Anchored could
have won. Petrarch showed signs of lameness.
S.-ratched— Los Troncos 111. Naranja 109, Hannah Reid 95.
Qny SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.;
%m.
Str.
Fin.
910 Flower of Gold II" 1 6 2 1 ... 11 IJones 3 j
916 Rachel C 110] 6 4 b ... 2 2 iMacklln 4 13-2
Tanobfl il* 4 5 1 ... 3 3 iSnlder 8 15
886 Gllssando 113 1 ... ... 3 4 ... 4 1 Gfover 15 50
893 Bamboulla 115 2 14 ... 5 4 U'lirgott 3 4
... Castiso 110 8 6 4 ... 6 1 IKiley 50 J00
893 Flush of Gold 110 7 ... ... 7 2 ... 7 1 'Powell 7 g
... Tlzoni 113 9 ... ... 10 1 ... 8 2 Uenkins I 30 100
... St. Elisabeth 110 15 9 4 ... 9 IHennessy .... 10 20
880 Moana U0111 11 ... 10 I Ward 20 100
899 La Amiga UStlO ... ... 12 ... It |J. Power 20 50
... Leonden 113 13 ... ... 13 ... 12 Thorpe 5-2 2
903 Pldalla 110 8 S3 ... 13 ICoburn 20 100
.,. Kjrrit.-i 114 12 ... ... 14 ... 14 ILloyd 20 400
904 nig Horn 11314 15 15 iFrawley 10 20
Time— »-4, :244; 4, :49'4. Winner, W. B. Jennings' ch. f. by Goldflnch-Fleurette. Strag-
gling start Won first three driving.
Flower of Gold stood the gaff and Is probably a good one. Gllssando, after beating the
gate, stopped. Bamboulla "dogged" it. Cast'lso promises well.
Scratched— Slsquoc 113, Ned Dennis 110, Burdock 110.
.mn?s
Maeklln ......
Snider
Glover <.
Plintott ..?....
IKIley
Powell
I Jenkins
IHennessy
I Ward
jj Power
3 2
4 13-2
8 IS
15 50
3 4
50 200
7-8
I 30 100
10 20
20 100
20 50
5-2 2
20 100
20 100
10 20
IThorpe
Coburn I
•Lloyd
IFrawley
Fra'
OOQ THIRD RACE— and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; Androus stakes- value
t/^<3» $1000. . --;..;.>-,.'.,
:
-
! Index. Horse.
Weight.
Hm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
BN. Kitty Kelly 120 1 1
(781) Golden Rule 130 2
MM Limerick 116 4
. 910 Pathos 1181 3
869 Loch Katrine 1151 5
1 2
4 3
3 4
2 1
5 ■
1 2
3 2
4 4
2 4
5
1 4 .
83
4 3
2 h
5
1 8 I.T. Relff
5 4 IBullman
8 % Macklln
4 6 iPiggott
6 jHennessy
6
1-2
10
4
IB
9
3-5
12
6
25
Time— 1-15. :07: 6-16, :30'4; 9-18, :55%. Winner. W. L. Stanfield's br. f. by Apache-
Play Toy. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Kitty Kelly lined up at the barrier, beating the others away half a dozen lengths
Golden Rule stumbled at the start. He Is no wonder. Limerick would have won over a
longer route^ ■
929. FOURTH
; purse, MOO.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
4m.
«m.
Btr.
Fin.
884 Potent", 4 1
(807) Lime water, 3 1
871 Glen Anne, 4 1
(892) Faversham, 3
895 Oralbee, 3
815 rabriilo, a 1
887 Montallade, 6 1
... Terra Archer, 6 1
... Ledaea, 3
'2
6
II
1
4
! 8
S
I!
8
J
ii
73
614
2 4
6 h
n
8 4
9
1 4
4 1
P 4
3 1
7 6
2 4
6 3
8 1
9
1 3
8 1
4 4
6 1
5 4
2 1
7 6
8 .
•
1 4
2 2
3 1
6 1
6 6
4 «'
7 10
8
1 5 Jenkins
2 1 Holmes
3 4 McNlchols ...
4 h f'oburn
6 h J. Relff
6 6 Macklln
7 12 Gray
8 Romero .......
... J. Daly
4
3-2
20
8
4
5-2
10
60
12
6
9-5
30
30,
5
6 2
15
200
60
•Fell.
Time— 4. «Jti 4. :M4; K. 1:164: mile, 1 :42H- Winner, W. Fisher's b. g\ by Racine-
Pow Wow. Good start. Won eonlly. Second and third driving.
Potente won in rag time. Llmewater badly ridden. Cabrlllo likes to make the running
Prratched-Soclallst 102.
Q«>r| FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;
t; purse,- J400.
,
■ :
4«n-
%m."
Btr.
Fin.
j fndex. Horse. Age. Weight.!
(56 Paul Griggs. 5 114! !
f<13 AmRsa. 4 108 1
810 Meadow I^ark. a — 1 11 1 9
RIO Knnlto. 4 M«! 8
767 BUv« BUtA, a M9 2
g7g New Moon. 6 109 7.
919 FYohman. 4 1** s
... Gold Scratch, 3 97111
|M ("avallo. 5 Ill 10
B97 Ringmaster, B 111 3
|06 Sombre, 3 95! 4
Z53Maaoero. t 111112
2 h
1 3
9 4
6 4
6 1
7 2
8 1
4 2
11 h
10 3
3 V4
12
2 1
1 3
1 4
6 1
4 8
8 2
10 3
3 4
11 2
9 2
6 1
12 •
1 4
2 2
6 2
4 4
8 4 -
72
5 3
6 1
8 1
11 5
10
12
11 Piggott '
2 2 Powell
3 h iHennessy
4 h (Jenkins
6 2 ! Macklln
6 2 Mounce
7 1 !J. Daly
8 4 [Bassinger ....
9 H Hahn
10 1 W. Narvaei..
11 12 [Gray
12 'Russell
6-6 6-5
4 3
50 60
40 50
40 60
40 50
ft 12
40 .100
40 ' . 40
20 30
6-2 8-3
60 60
Time— H. :«'»: 4. :«•%: %■ 1:15 %' Winner Duke & Wlshnrd's gr. h. by imp. Order-
Lucv Lisle. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
GrlKgs in not the horse' or old. He would liked to have sulked. Meadow Lark came
«trong at the finish. Honito will win soon. Silver State showed well. Sombre is of no
Scratched— Fehrunrv 103, Bonnie lone 106, Tardwell 114. Harry Thohurn 111.
|\n| SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; handicap; three-year-olda and upward'
gOll purse. 1400.
: ..•■■■.'.,' ,'■■- I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std. %m.
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
911 Topmast. 6 108! 4
(K14) Myth, K 104 6
909 Tony Licalzl. 4 88 S
PIS Ad. Spreckels, 5 108 7
M Hilly McCloekey, 6.. 82 1
7a6 First. Tenor, 3 108 8
<<19 P. A. Finnegan, 4... 85 2
841 Charlie Relf, 5 80 S
2 4
1 h
6 4
7 3
5 1
S
4 4
3 1
SBJffi
1 2
21
7 4. i
f*
8
4 4
6 4
8 4 2 n 3 1
14 12 11
2 1 t 1 2 h
6 3 6 4 4 4
4 3 4 3 5 3
7 2 7 8- 78
5 3 6 3 6 1
8 8 8 8
1 1
5 h
14
4 3
5 6
€2
7 »
8
B. Jonea
Jo« Weber....
t n.iw
J. Reiff
Macklln
Stewart ....
Thorpe
Coburn
Ranch
8 18-5
6-2 13-5
6 10
8-5 2
40 200
4 7
16 »0
100 BOO
Time— 4. :13: %. :87; K, 1:16U; %. 1:29; mile, 1:41\; 14m.. 1:544- Winner. Carruthers
& Shields' ch. g. by imp. Topgallant-Essay. Good tfart. Won first three driving.
Topmast wm nicely ridden. Myth tired the list sixteenth. With a stronger ride Llcalzt
might have won. He 6werv*d laat part. Spreckels ran an odd race. First Tenor wat ln-
terfercl with at start.
completed the programme. In a pretty
finish Topmast, Myth and Tony Llcalze
finished in the order named. The winner
went to the post at odds of 16 to 5. The
favorite, Adolph Spreckels, made a poor
showing.
Track Notes.
Kitty Kelly cost W. L. Stanfield but
$275 at the Antrim stock farm sale, and
has already won two stakes and two
purse events.
After dismounting from Golden Rule
Bullman found that his shoulder gave him
so much trouble that he canceled all en
gagements, and will take a deserved rest.
Ed Corrigan added another horse to his
stable after the fourth event. On Monday
"Butch" Fisher "boosted" AdolphSpreck
els, and Corrigan retaliated by bidding
Potente from $200 up to $700, at which
figure Fisher let the horse go.
Limerick was undoubtedly best in the
two-year-old stake. While Golden Rule
was backing up at the finish Limerick
wafl closing like a cyclone, and in another
Jump would have secured the place. The
start gave tho race to Kitty Kelly.
To-Day' s Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
825 Winifred 101! 559 Lothian 95
&20 Aluminum ......106 902 Formella 104
814 Bueno 1091 926 Petrarch 109
925 Caspar 1141 596 Bliss Rucker ...109
802 Don Luis 106! 917 Malay 97
908 Jim Brownell...lo9| 919 Bonnie lone ....104
914 Rey Hooker ....1021 523 Kamsin 109
Second Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds:
... Orpiment 106] 880 Burdock 96
(916)Basspda 117!SS6Tar Hill 99
921 Ice Drop 1031 904 Saul of Tarsus. 99
Third Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds:
... L. Meddlesome.. lo7 892 The Wooer 109
892 Peter Weber.. ..109 892 Glengaber 112
(S9o)Racebud 107 879 Pallucus 112
9^2 Sidelong 109 i 813 Sylvan Lass ....107
926 Anchored 112 i 713 Xl Estro 107
892 Romany 109 1 (680) Alaria 107
890 Noma 107 j SSS Festoso 112
860 Odd Eyes 107 906 Taruba 109
890 Cleodora 107] 859 The Miller 109
I Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
; ing; thrce-Vear-olds and up:
j 548 Hugh Penny ..113 (919)Ix>s Medanoe ..101
I 906 Mori nga 106! 796 Merons 93
911 Cromwell 110 1 906 Joe Ullman 107
I Fifth Race— Six furlongs; soiling; three-year
olds:
Sl4 Guilder 1081 920 Lavatnr X
SS2 Wing 93 S9« Oastakft 108
(O^OlHoratio 1121 BS4 Rlc-ardo • .109
f2O CroM>mr>lina ....95 920 Highland 8a11. .111
914 Opponent 10« 920 Prompto 109
924 February W fl WS Hardly 100
; Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; non- winners In
| 1899:
• 926 Oold Fin 98 ... Myron 109
1 930 Frnhman 10fi 845 Deer Foot 106
930 Ringmaster ....109 44S Daisy F . w 104
92* Jingle Jingle .. 93 ■ J4« Ostler Joe 112
176 Orady 112 924 Tempo 109
664 Be Happy 104!
Selections for To-Day.
First Rare — Rey Honker. Lothian, Kamsln.
Second Race — Tar Hill, Burdock, Basseda.
Third Race— Lady Meddlesome, Alaria, The
Wooer.
Fourth Raca— Hugh Penny, Cromwell, Joe
Ullman.
[ Fifth Race— Lavator, Opponent, Horatio.
j Sixth Race—Ostler Joe, Daisy F. Tempo.
BIG PURSES OFFERED
BY THE BREEDERS
ROSY INDTJCEMEIHTS OFFERED
TROTTING-HORSE MEN.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Pacific Coast Trottlng-Horse
Breeders' Association, held last Tuesday,
there were present D. E. Knight of
Marysville and A. B. Spreckels, B. P.
Heald, A. H. Cohen, J. C. Kirkpatrick
and T. J. Crowley of San Francisco. The
object of the meeting was to decide on a
list of purses to be offered for the race
meeting of the Breeders' Association
this year. A speed committee consisting
of Messrs. Kirkpatrick, Crowley and
Heald was appointed to prepare a list,
and as a result of their labor it was de
cided to give the following purses, to
close on May 1:
Horses to be named with entry (races mile
heats, three In five)— 2:4o class, trotting, $1000;
2:30 class, trottlne, $1000; 2:27 class, trotting,
$l(W0; 2:23 class, trotting, J1000; 2:80 class, pa. -
Ing, $1000; 2:25 class, pacing, $1000; 2:20 class,
pacing, $1000; 2:17 class, pacing, $11
Nomination purses, horses to be named Au
gust 1 (races mile heats, two in three)— 2:19
class, trotting, $1000; 2:13 cla^s. trotting, $1000;
free fcr all trotting, $1500; 2:15 class, pacing,
$1000; 2:12 class, pacing, $1000; free tor ail pac
ing, $1500.
Purses for colts— Two-year-old, trotting-, $2"0;
three-year-old, trotting (2:80 class), $300; two
year-old, pacing, $260; three-year-old, pacing,
$300.
The entrance to the purses In which
horses are named with the entry will be
5 per cent, and in the nomination purses
the entrance will be 3 per cent on May
1 and an additional 2 per cent on July 1.
and nominators in the latter have the
privilege of declaring out should their
horses go wrong before July 1 and only
be liable for the 3 per cent.
The purses offered are much larger
than have been given for several years
past. The fact that the appropriations
have been restored to the district agri
cultural associations and that all of them
will give fairs and race meetings this
year has encouraged the breeders to give
such large purses, believing that many
more horses will bo trained this year
than since the State aid was withdrawn
from the district associations.
In response to Inquiries sent out by the
secretary of the Breeders' Association
letters were received from the officers of
nearly all the district- associations
throughout the State ana in nearly every
instance they announced their intention
to give a fair and race meeting and to
offer liberal purses for harness horses.
There seems to be a general revival in
the interest taken in trotting races and
those Interested believe that this will bo
a prosperous year for the business.
The exact date and place of the breed
ers' meeting has not been decided, but
the meeting: will be hf>ld shortly after
the State Fair, and a date w!ll be selected
that will not conflict with the- dates of
any of the meetings on the main circuit,
and the meeting will probably be held
in San Francisco cr Oakland or some
other of the large cities in this part of
the State, where the biggest inducements
will be offered to the association. R. B.
Brown of Petalurr.a was elected to fill
the vacancy in the board of directors
made by the resignation of Joseph Cairn
Simpson.
Bishop SpaMing gives advice on
the education of women, in next
Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS YOUR
BLOOD
TAINTED?
If you are suffering with contagious
blood poison you should consult the spe-
cialists whose reputation for curing: this
most dreaded- of all afflictions is well
established. DR. METERS & CO.
Some of the symptoms are: Mucous
patches and copper-colored spots on the
ekin. ulcers In the mouth, sores in the
eyes and ears, aching- of the bones and
Joints, and loss of hair on the head or
other raits of the body.
DR. MEYERS & COr begin at the very
root of the evil, drive It forever from- the
blood and then rroceed to rebuild and
tone up the system, leaving the grateful
patient strong and i well, and without
even a taint of the malignant poison. ■-.'*•
This Is accomplished by the most
powerful yet harmless remedies.
DR. MEYERS & CO. also cure nil
other contagious diseases and restore
victims of nervous debility to perfect and
lasting manhood.
Even if the trouble has become chronic
and- complicated they can gain the mas-
tery and cure it permanently.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Home cures a specialty. ■ If 'you cannot
call write for full particulars and copy
of the new Private Counselor and Mar-
riage Guide. '
DR. METERS & CO.,
73/ Market St., Ban Francisco.
SPECIAL SALE OF
OPERA GLASSES
AT REDUCED PRICES,
Pearl bodies, gold trimmings, from $5.50 to
$3.50.
Pearl bodies, gold trimmings and pearl han-
dle, from ijiW.OO to ftt.7r>.
Genuine Lematre's pearl and gold, from
$8.50 to 9<«.7r>; from JfD.OO to $7.i!5.
Genuine LemMre black from $4.35 to
*:t.US; from $4.50 to $3.50; from $5.00 to
$3.75. ; . T
* "^
642 Market St. instruments
u"»rrn fMOni-i^ pi..,*.....
After using Ely's J/^^^^.
Cream Balm six weeks #£•» £4Af f&l>Mk
I believe myself cured • Jfg'&fijSßfPSi
of catarrh. &*'"&&<«•/
JOSEPH STEWART, V lJ ss/
Grand Aye., • I
Brooklyn, N. Y. #^^^^*V
Cream Balm la placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Belief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying-
— does not produce sneezing. Large BizeJjPßOc;
at Druggists or by mall; Trial Size, 10c, by
mail. : .- v
ELY BROTHERS, £< Warren Street, New York.
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
■jBSBBIBMEip^Ciy Dealers in Firearms?
BMBy^*^ Fishing: Turkic, and
HB^^ Sporting Goods of Every Des.
cription. Hiirtieiit Cash Prices
fcald for HawFiirs.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue, .
Brown's Bronchial Troches B
give most salutary relief in , |
Bronchitis. £
The Genuine baa the 1 1
Facsimile s*/ J S? */ on every
Signature of '***+■<&*' box " fl
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
gzssL Museum of Anatomy
ipßrai 1051JaSEETBX.fcet.6th47tli,S.r.ci
A , $ W The L»rg«Btofllt kind in the World.
ljnl DR. JORDAN— Private Biseases.
IUWSFf Con.nltition free. Write for Bo.k ,
in VPhllmph^ Carriage.
ADVSHTISEMENTS. ,
**^kts^ap** Original
S^^^sA^^L — America's favorite and most
f^Jj^^^^^L popular brand of beer a
• delicious beverage, nutritious,
jF\ *^* pure and healthful. Its sales
exceed those of all other American brands.
The King of Bottled Beers.
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'K, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.,
makes a specialty of fine bottled beer for family and club use.
A^ MX- /tf/^3* • ' — the crcatMalt Tonic, universally recommended by
&y%ffo£'*lfl€{T%€4M&' physicians or the weak and convalescent— the
* *^ * "* product of this association.
s==— =======— =====^^
935 sold in MARCH. 1
BICYCLES
HO
1 THOS, H. B, VAHNEY, Market & 18th, S. F' I
fZ Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings. |
•*^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^^nJn 625 HF.ABSY ST. Established I
flif^^aißsl In J* l3 * or the treatment of Private
HE [ti-jKBm Diseasoa, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BBB^BH^B <i!>"aK p wearing on body and mind and
CWK*fvV^i s '- :i " Diseasea. Th e doctor cureewb^n
HaH others fall. Try him. Charges low
fffiffl^B-W^ fnn-ieuaraiilwd. Callorwrlta,
2>r. J. 1". «IBBON, Box 1957. 5 an Francisca
RAILKOAI; TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
UH3SSH3H3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:B6, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, I
8:80, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip |
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:40 j
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11^0 a. m. ; 1:90, 1:80,
B:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : l»l4S,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at
1:65 and 8:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.'; 1:4», 8:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
tame schedule as above. - ■ . ■ '
. Leave • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i October 18, —. '
Week ! Sun- ISBS. Sun- i Week
Days. Days. Destination, days. days.
7:90 am 8:00 am Novato, . 10:40 ami 9:40 am
8:80 pm 6:30 am! Petal 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm StOOpm Bant« Rosa, 7:85 ptn 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:80 am . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lyttoa.
G«ysernile\
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 ptn 6:23 pm
HoDl&nd. and
7:80 am Uklatx. 7:85 pm 6:12 pm
7:80 am ' "~~ 10:16 am
8:00 am QurnorrUle. 7:85 pm
8:30 pmj . . 1 6:E3 pm
7:35 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and.
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:23 pm
7:39 am 8:00 am EebMtopol. 10:40 am 10:28 am
B:Soptn t:OOpDj( T:35 pm 8:22 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eervilTe for Skaegs Sprtngrs; at Oloverdale tot
the Genera: at Hop Jar.d for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, K«l»en'Ul*, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakepori and Bartlctt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
■ Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Wltte*
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,'
John Day's. Riverside. Lieriejrg, Buoknetl's,
Banhedrtn Heighte. Hullvlll«. Boonevtll*. Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, • Wlllitts. LaytonviUe, Ourn-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday* round trip tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . -
Ticket Of flees, BO Market St., -Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITINO. . R. X. RYAN, ■
General Manager. Gen. Paas Agent,
California i
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connectinß Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRID/ty.
Arrives In Chloagro at 9:52 A. M. the
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving? In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. V^ 5 : ;".-.; V^
DINING BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
M fmicisci TIHEfWICE— m mm st.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1831.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 3ol J Street
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara Si
THE SAN FnAHCISCO AND SAN JOAQUU
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. K. 1890, trains will run as followm| j
! South-bound. ' North-bound.
I>»,s»en- Mixed. Mixed. Pasiea-
' gex. Sunday Station*. Sunday car.
Dally. Exo'ptd [Cxe'pid D 1417.
; V l lO am 1 10: an Stockton 3:45 pm '6:oo "cni
9:10 am tiOSpm Merced U:4opm 4:13 pnj
Jo;<oain 8:85 pm, Fresno 9:49 am 2:4J pn>
li:S3 am 7:45 pm tltuxiori 7:45 un, l:i« prq ■
1:» ptn 12:80 am Bakerafteld 2:00 am U:00 am .
li:t»«un 6;25pr0 VUalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
n:l5 pni 6:S»pm| Tular« B:tOa-th 1:06 pn>
' Btopptng at lntermedlat* points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manafcr** Office. 831 Uarkta ,
■*tfiiet._fiia. Francisco. . •
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are . paid in 60-cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further information address
C. E. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent, R. ' 209, Houser bldg., St.
' Louis, Mo.
.W. D. MURDOCK,
.. A. p. P, A., City p£ Mexlp^^ __ ' *
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S SPEAR CO., Auctioneers,
31 and S3 BUTTER ST. Telephone Main 6181.
EXECUTOR'S sale;
THURSDAY and FRIDAY, April 6 and T. 1899.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock a. m.
We will sell by CATALOGUE at residence,
CORNER OF UNION AND FIL.L.MOKE
STREETS.
By order of the Union Trust Company of
San Francisco and J. F. D. Curtis, executors of
the estate of AMELIA V. R. PIXLEY. de-
ceased.
Furniture, works of art, billiard table, car-
riage and brougham, etc., etc
For particulars see Chronicle.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter st.
RAILROAD TRAViSI*
h»ctiii;k> pacific company.
(PACiriC SYSTEM.) --;-V .
Tmlßi IniTr j%uU are due to Arrive ml
NAN FKANCHCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From March 29, 1839. — arrivs
•0:00 a Nries, San Jose and Way Stations... .*B:4sa.
7:90 a Brnlcia, bulgun and Sacramento.... 5:45p
7:OOa MarjsTllle, Oro?iUeaod Reddiug rim
Woodland 8:45p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville and Ramsey 8:45p
7iiiOA Martinez. San Itamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoja and Santa Rosa O:ISp
8:00 a Atlantic Express. Ogden and East.. 8:45?
M:80a San Jose, Livermore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrllle,
MarysTiile, Chioo, Ued Bluff «ill»p
8:3Oa •Milton, Oakdaleand Booora 4>l3p
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15p
O:OOa Fresno, lUkersrield, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Dealing, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6i45r
1 OtOO a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43
I2:OOm Niles, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Meudota, Haiiford, VUalia,
Portarrille 4il«f
*l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8:00p
4:OOr Martinez, Sao Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoca, Santa Rosa *ilsa
4:00r Benlcia, YacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarrsTille, Oro»llle ; 1O:4Ba
4:30p NUes, Ban Jose and Stockton 7:lSp
StOOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles .'. v.
Limited. Fresno, Bak«rsfield, San- - *
ta Barbara, Los Angeles *:434
«;3:«0p Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, Bt.
Louis, Chicago aud East 08)43\
3:30p Siockton, Merced, Frecno lS:l5p
3:3«p Martinez, Trie/, Mendota, Fresco,
Mo]ave and Los Angeles 8:43 a
3:BOp Santa F» Route, Atlantic Eipress ■■'
for MojaTe aud East 0:43p
6;00r Kuropean Mail, Ogdeii and F.ast.... 0:45\
O:OOp wardt, NUes and San Jose 7:15 a.
•6:00r Vallejo. 12:13p
}7:OOp Vallejo, Fort Costs, and Way Sta-
tions J9543p F
8:00 r Oregon Sacramento, Marj»-
Tirie, ItedilliiK. Portland, Puge*
Sound and Kast 8:13 a.
alO:O8p Sunset Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East Ht4Bp
SAX LEINDRO AND HAYWABDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street)
1 llelrose, Semlnarr Park, (
8:00 a Kitrhhurs;, Klmiinmt. «:«3a
<9:00 a San Lennitro. South San (*9:43 a
lO.ooa Leandro, Estidillo, 10:43 a
ill:OOA. Lerenio, Cherry • 18:«3p
BioOp aid <1:43p
StOOp Ha\rrrriU «!1143p
__ A <Run.trStoNiles. 7143 »
7loop i Runs through to Nilea. 7545p
J I From Nlles. J.
COAST DIVISION .Narrorr (lange). ; .
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark.OenterTllle, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations. 5:80»
•3il3p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
■ Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations »10:30 a
4:13p Newark. San Joae and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
flli4op Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and.
Way Stations -. r7=*Or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSH fSiSOISCO— 7o»t of Mirket Strict (Slip 8)—
•7:19 9:00 11:00 a.m. (1:00 *2:00 $3:00 '
•4:00 25:00 •6:00r.¥.
rr*m9tnill»— Fo»t«rßr«4w»j.— »6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 •1:00 .12:09 *3:00 11:00 "s<or.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gangs).
. (Third and Towngend Sta.) . .
7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li3op
•:OOa Ban Jose, Trea l'lnoi, Riuita Cniz,
Pacllle GroTe, Paso Rnbles, San
Luis Oblspo Quadalupe, Surf aad
Prinolpal Way Stations 4:10r
10:40* San Jose and Way Stations «BtOOA
HiSOa San Jose and Way Stations Bi33a
•8:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
« Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose, '
Qilroy, HollUter. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey aud Pacilio
OroTe  10:30 a
*SiSOr San Jose and Way Station! *9:0Oa
*<:I3r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 v
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a.
5:SOr San Jose and Prinoipal Way Stations r>:3Op
0:30p Joss and Way Stations 7:30p
tll:4Sr San Jose and Way Stations V- 7i3op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays exeepted. 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only .
YMondajt. *S»turdays. iSu&dari.
ONE HOUREARLIER
THE PORTLAND TRAIN
\ (SHASTA ROUTE)
Witt Leave 711 111
SAN FRANCISCO at I r.lfl.
' INSTEAD OF 8, COMMENCING*
SUNDAY, JLPRIL 9th.
THE INEIA/
DINING CAR SERVICE
On the Shasta Route Will Also Be Inaugurated
at That Time.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILT. VATJ.KT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— •7:2O, •9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:13.
3:45, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — *8:00, •10:00, '11:30 a. m.; '1:15,
3:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
. Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25, »6:35. 7:«. *9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, «3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6;40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. *S:00, *10:00, *U:55 a. m.J
•1:15, '3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin..
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:65, a:4O a, m.j
12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
• -"i (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing: Sunday*
B«pt 11. 1898: a. m., 1i45 p. m.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., IMS p. m.
Sundays— S:CO, 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOS C4POK & SON. Agent*. 621 U*rk«)
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ANNA MENTEL
WILL KNOW HER
FATE TO-DAY
Defense May Conclude
This Morning.
THE ACCUSED WILL TESTIFY
DEFENSE HAS AN IMPORTANT
SAN JOSE WITNESS.
Damaging Affidavit and Statement
Made by Mentel Prior to His
Taking the Girl as
Wife.
Oakland Office Pan Francl?co Call,
90S Broadway, April 5.
The fate of Anna Mentel, who shot her
•husband. William F. Mentel, In Alameda
on December 1 of last year, will proba
bly be determined by the jury to-morrow
afternoon.
The murder trial apparently possesses
but little of the quality of that morsel so
much soupM after by the ordinary court-,
room frequenu-r. Though both prosecu
tion and <:> I ably represented by !
6ome of tin 1 foremost attorneys, the trial
has been thun far absolutely devoid of
those nice technicalities, profuse objec
tions and spicy morsels <>t' sensational
testimony usually anticipated at such j
trials.
When the trial was resumed this morn
ing the accused, a mere girl, was accom- |
panied by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. I
Adolph Mentel, and a sister, and
throughout the tedious examination of
witnesses she Bat quietly by her attor
neys, \V. W. Foote, Guy C. Earl and
I^afe Pence, listening apparently indiffer- '
ent and hardly realizing the Berlousneß«
cf her crime.
During the day the prosecution put on
the witness-stand its remaining wit- i
nesses — John L. Ansel, brother-in-law of
the deceased; M. L. Glllogly, conductor
of the electric car Mrs. Mentel hailed
on that fateful night; Miss M. L.
Gueme, who watched over the accused j
girl while she was being attended to for
Eer self-inflicted injuriea by Dr. Lub- i
bock at his office; W. L. Smith, a passen- j
ger on the electric car; Dr. H. S. Buteau, !
who testified to the autopsy held on Men
tel, describing the bullet wound over the
left ear and flesh wound on Mentel's left
side; Arthur Jenkins, a student, who
helped the accused on a car; Henry T.
Morris, an Alameda Justice of the Peace,
■who arrived at the scene shortly after ,
the shooting; George W. Shreve, in front
of whose home in Alamerja the shooting
occurred, and James F. Fowler, Deputy !
Coroner at Alameda, who removed Men- i
tels remains to the Morgue.
Hut in the main the testimony was prac- |
tically a reiteration of that given at the
preliminary hearing. However, John An-
Fel mad© one contradiction. At the pre- \
llminary hearing he had stated that
Mentel was unmarried; now he testified
he was married. Jenkins was slightly
badgered by Attorney Foote, for the de
fense. He swore that he saw Montel lying
on the sidewalk, with one hand in his
pocket, so that the knuckles were not
exposed, while yesterday John Conrad
testified the knuckles were exposed.
At 3 o'clock the prosecution rested, and
Attorney Foote, on behalf of the defense, ;
announced that he would be ready to sub- j
mlt the cuse to the jury to-morrow. He j
■would have his instructions submitted
early in the forenoon, and consented to j
the instructions being given orally.
The defense then Introduced a certified
copy of the marriage license and affidavit
mad* by the deceased when he applied
at the Santa Clara County Clerk's office !
for the license; also the letter written b^
Mentel to Judge J. W. Glass of San Jose,
dated Alameda, November N. IS9S, wherein
he requested that "the marriage certl- j
ficate be mailed in a plain envelope as ■
conn as possible, as I may leave California
within four weeks."
When tli" trial is resumed to-morrow
at 9:80 o'clock Attorney Foote will make
a brief npr-ning statement to the Jury, and
co far as known but few witnesses will be
called by the defense.
The pita of tin- accused girl will be self
defense, and she will take the witness
Btand in her own behalf. T'non her testi
mony and that of .T. M. Shllue, Deputy
County Clerk at Scin Jose, the defense
banks great hopes. The latter is the one
before whom Mentel made his affidavit
end to whom Mentel had stated that he
wished the f:i<t of "his marriage kept
quiet for a while because he intended to
Fkip out." In this affidavit Mentel swears
that he and the girl were residents of San
Bafael. when as a matter of fact neither
ever lived there, and, moreover, he gave
Ills name as Manton.
The only real interest centered about
*|io dose of the trial is the fact that ex-
Congressman Lafe Pence, known as the
M silver-tongued orator of Colorado," will
use his argumentative abilities in behalf
of the girls acquittal before the Jury.
DOMESTIC POSES AS
NAPOLEON'S DAUGHTER
CJUEER STORY OF MRS. LOTTIE
JANE GOSSETT.
Committed to an Asylum Because She
Imagines She Is Heir to
Millions.
OAKLAND, April s.— Mrs. Lottie Jane
Gossett was committed to the Napa In
rar.e AFylum to-day. She la a domestic,
aged 3S years, and was divorced from her
husband several years ago. Her ex-hus
band is now in Wyoming and has custody
of their 17-year-old son, while her daugh
ter, of whom she had custody, Is attend
ing school In Portland, Or. " The unfor
tunate woman tells a remarkably story.
Mrs. Gossett says she is the aauphter
of one of th' 1 Napoleons and that as such
she is heir to $8,000,000; that she has been
trying since 1893 to raise money enough
to talte her to Paris to lay her claims
to the fortune, but she has been unable
to realize her transportation.
Ph^ says she met Victor Napoleon In
Chicago during the world's fair; that he
recognized her as his cousin and prom
ised to take her back with him. He told
her that his brother's wife had been ab
ducted from Paris and taken to this
country, where a child was born to her,
and he recognized Mrs. Gossett as that
child.
Mrs, Gossott came to Oakland recently,
and being without funds, found shelter
at the Chabot Homo. Miss Kellogg, of
that Institution, after listening, to her
Story, askwi the local police to arrest
the woman on suspicion of insanity.
THANKED THE JURORS.
Brandes' Attorney Expresses Gratl-
tude for the Recent Verdict.
OAKLAND, April 5.— There is now
Borne doubt In the minds of W. A.
Brandos' attorneys, Messrs. Sawyer and
Bennett, as to whether they will move
for a new trial, and apparently the at
torneya are now satisfied with the ver
dict brought in last Saturday finding
their flient guilty of murder In the sec
ond degree. At least such is the impres
sion conveyed in a communication re
ceived by each of the Jurors from Attor
ney Sawv'-r, which reads as follows:
•'SAN FRANCISCO, April 4. 1899. Dear
Bir: I am truly thankful to you for the
verdict that you grave our client in the
Brandes case and 1 take this pleasure to
expreps myself to you that way. I do
not want you should think that we were
ungrateful In this matter. We were very
grateful to all the Jurors. Respectfully,
* , "JT. W. SAWYER."
■M
FOSTER GETS
HIS REVENGE ON
THE PLUNGER
Howard Arrested for
Perjury.
YELLOWTAIL IN DISPUTE
AN ARMY OF LAWYERS ON A
HORSE'S TRAIL.
The Australian Was Late and Found
a Warrant Waiting for Him
in Judge Quinn's
Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 5.
The record was broken In Alameda
County to-day, when a criminal case was
rushed to trial. The racetrack never put
up such a speedy contest as was wit
nessed In Judge Qulnn's court In the case
involving' the embezzlement of the horses
Yellowtall and Sam McKee-ver.
Fred Foster was charged with the fel
ony embezzlement of the horses, which
A. Howard, the "plunger," declared be
longed to him. Ordinarily there would be
at least two continuances before such a
case could be started on Its way through
the court. To-day a continuance was the
last thing desired by the defense, and the
only thing desired by the prosecution.
When the case was called the District
Attorney could not find the complaining
witness, and asked a continuance. Judge
Frick and George W. Baker, who repre-
A SENSATIONAL STORY
OF A PROFFERED BRIBE
OAKLAND, April s.— There is to be a sensation in the case of A. Howard,
the horseman, charged with perjury. It is reported to-night that an
offer of $1000 in gold coin was made to Judge Frlek to throw down his
client, Fred Foster, who was arrested by Howard last Saturday for
embezzling two race horses.
Judge Frick was retained to defend Foster and secured his dismissal to
day. There was a determined effort made to recover the horses and to
prosecute the case, and on Saturday night Deputy District Attorney Harry
Melvin took a flying trip to Los Angeles to try and prevent the race horses
being taken out of the State.
It is said that a detective of the San Francisco Police Department took a
great interest in the case and offered Judge Frick a large sum of money to
stand in with Howard and throw Foster down. Frick Indignantly declined.
Judge Frick refused to discuss the matter to-night, but said that he shall
certainly prefer charges to-morrow with the Police Commissioners of San
Francisco against one of its best-known detectives.
sented Foster, stood on their statutory
rights and refused polntblank to grant ;
the delay even of an hour. The complatn
lUg witness, Howard, was absent, and the
people had not a single thing to present
except the reading of the warrant. Some
one— Just who cannot be discovered— told
Howard that the case would go over and j
: that he need not be present. Believing j
this. Howard was not In court.
: Judge Qulnn, anxious to oblige the pros
roution. did everything possible to keep j
the rase moving until Constable "U'eidler ,
; should find the complaining witness. In
: turn District Attorney Allen, his chic?
Deputy, Harry Melvin. J. J. Dunn and W.
W. Foote all consented to appear for the
, prosecution, but being unable to secure
a continuance withdrew from the case. G. j
Samuels, another deputy of the District ;
Attorney's office, was then sent for, as i
■ his superiors had to go to court to con- !
i duct a murder trial. Samuels secured a \
continuance for fifteen minutes to consult
with the witnesses for the prosecution,
only to find that there were none.
There being no evidence, the court dis
missed the charge against Foster. A few ;
minutes later Howard was brought in by
the deputy. He said that the horses which
i had been taken from Emeryville by Fos
ter were his,- as he had given Foster the ;
', money with which to purchase them. He
! had no proof of this statement, which was
: contradicted by Foster.
A J. Waterhouse testified that he had
pold the horse Yellowtail to Foster for
$10,000.
As soon as Howard left the witness
stand he was Berved with a warrant for '
! perjury, based upon his allegation In com
plaints which he had sworn to against
Foster. In the same breath Judge Quinn
released the $10.0<X) bonds in which How- |
:ird had had Foster held and demanded
$6000 bonds from Howard on Foster's !
charge. Howard was taken to the County
Jail, and sent out some friends to dig up
$5000.
Howard came from Australia some
months ago with all kinds of money. He
used it freely and was considered one of
the most agreeable things at the track. |
He declares that he was used so long as :
ihe could be drawn upon by a certain j
clique, and that now his horses have been
taken from him. while he is put in Jail. |
The sympathy of 'most of the horsemen
: at the" track Is with Howard.
An international conference wW be held '
In London next month to take steps to
I protect the wild game in Africa. >
EXTRAORDINARY GENEROSITY
TO MEET THE CITY DEFICIT
OAKLAND, April s.— The parents of the city government met to-night to
consider how the children's salaries could be reduced sufficiently to keep
the expenditures for the balance of the fiscal year within the capacity of
the treasury. An army of the city employes was present, and all made
very generous offers to refund one-quarter of their salaries for the balance
of the fiscal year. '
There was an organized opposition to reducing the salaries permanently
by ordinance, on account of the fact that thgpre is no guarantee that they will
be raised after June 80. Then, again, eaclr office must be declared vacant
before the salary can be raised, and advantage might be taken of this to sub
stitute other names than those of the incumbents.
Councilman Cuvelller proposed that the Councilmen return 25 per cent of
their salary, and this offer vpis unanimous. The MayoT had already signified
his willingness to return his pro rata to the treasury.
The feature of the evening was the speech of Manager Britton of the gas
company. "We learn from the Mayor," he said, "that It Is proposed to ask
us to agree to a change in the contract that will permit of a reduction of
$5743 50 during the next three months by cutting off a large percentage of
the lights. We are prepared to make this offer: We will keep up the present
system of lighting the city according to contract for the end of the year
and will accept $5743 less than the contract calls for. On Monday night we
will file a disclaimer to this amount under our contract, or, in other words,
we will present this amount to the city. We are prepared to go further. We
will, If you find your deficit Increase beyond present estimates, consent to
further reductions, but we will not reduce the street lighting from the con
tract schedule." This generous offer was loudly cheered.
Mayor Snow then said he had been informed by Mr. Dingee and Mr. Metcalf
that they would use their influence to induce the new board of directors,
after consolidation, to accept half the scheduled rates for supplying water
for street sprinkling.
There was a report in the lobby that the Lake Merritt Improvement
Club would raise a handsome sum to help the deficit, as Lake Merritt Is the
sole cause of the municipal stringency. During the past year about $75,000
has been spent or contracted for lake improvements, entirely as the result
of the club's solicitations. Nobody was present to represent the club.
When the Council came out of secret session it had decided to recom
mend fof passage all the ordinances and resolutions introduced with the
Mayor's message last Monday night and which have been already published.
The Ordinance and Judiciary Committee met immediately and referred
the Mayor's anti-gambling ordinance to the City Attorney, who will report
to the Council on legal points.
An ordnance will be passed after July 1 repealing the ordinance prohib
iting the Bale of cigarettes. Mr. cuvelller argued that it merely operated
to semi business to San Francisco.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1899.
MRS, FRISBIE'S
SECRET WILL
NOT BE TOLD
Died After a Visit to
Grand Jurors.
INMATE OF AN INFIRMARY
ONCE WEALTHY BUT FILLS A
PAUPER'S GRAVE.
Friends of Former Years Will See
That Her Dying Request About
Her Sepulcher Is Car
ried Out.
Oakland OfT.ce San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 5.
The death of Mrs. Frlsbie at the County
Hospital a few days ago has closed a
Bee-ret which she partly confided to the
Grand Jury recently. Mrs. Frisbie has
been at the hospital some years and her
observations on certain matters were laid
before the jurors and were considered of.
such importance that some recommenda
tions based upon them will be Included
in the Grand Jury report. What Mrs.
Frisbie told will perhaps never be known,
on account of her death, because she
was to have returned at a later date and
completed her narrative.
Mrs. Frisbie was some years ago a
wealthy woman and, with her husband,
owned property valued at $30,000 In Ne
vada City. For fourteen years she was
housekeeper at Tony Oakes' celebrated
old resort at Haywards, which enjoyed a
State reputation. Thousands of "the old
boys" knew Mrs. Frisbie In Tony Oakes'
halcyon days and had many of her friends
known that she was an inmate of the hos
pital they would undoubtedly have come
to her rellf f.
It was supposed that Mrs. Frishie had
at least enough money left to carry o\it
her dying wish, which was that she be
interred alongside her relatives in San
Lorenzo Cemetery. Instead of this she
was buried in the potter's field and now
one of her friends intends to have the
body removed. But this cannot be done
until It has been buried one year.
a Joel Chandler Harris »
O . £
g Begins a New Series of His Fa- '^
$ mous 0
£ "BRER RABBIT" STORIES £
» //J Next Sunday's Call. a
a »
0OO»0OOQO00OO00«)3O
SCHOOL DIRECTORS
CALLING NAMES
ALAMEDA'S WAR OF WORDS
GROWS WARMER.
President Scott Gives the Lie to
School Trustee C. L.
Tisdale.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, April 6.
The charges and counter-charges in con-
I nectlon with alleged corruption and "ring
| rule" in the Alameda School Department
| has developed into a beautiful fight
among the members of the Board of Edu
cation. President W. K. Scott and Di
rector Charles L. Tisdale. are the central
figures in the last phase of the fracas
j and are doing their best to exhaust their
| vocabularies hurling unpleasant and un
complimentary epithets at each other
1 Saturday night at a meeting of the
Non-Partisan party Dr. Tisdale grilled
his colleague on the board. To-day Mr.
Scott grave a prepared statement to the I
press defending himself from Tisdale's at
tacks and repaying the doctor for his on
slaught with the product of a rapid-firing
pen.
Mr. Scott explains that he accepted the i
presidency and agreed to appoint the |
members of the alleged ring chairmen of
the committees of their own selection,
only for the purpose of preserving har
mony in the board.
''Therefore, in view of the facts stated,"
writes Mr. Scott, "when Dr. Tisdale as
serts that I forced myself into the presi
dential chair to gratify my personal am
bition, I do not hesitate in branding such i
assertion as a premeditated, direct lie, |
for no one knows better than himself the i
circumstances of the case."
Mr. Scott avers that he has not pre
viously raised his voice against the opera
tions of the so-called ring-because he was i
afraid the San Francisco papers would
exploit the matter too fully. The gentle- >
man closes his tirade on his colleague in i
this fashion:
"In conclusion I will add that I have '
never attended a meeting of the board — !
the chairntan of the classification and
teachers' committee (Tisdale) being pres
ent—but that 1 experienced a strange feel
ing of disgust ana unrest, similar to that i
noted by many just previous to a thunder- \
storm. And I have never before met a I
person in whom are so strangely united
so many genuine, natural attainments
and qualities, with such a repellant com
binatlon of pugnacity, bombast, smart
ness and profanity, as are to be found in :
Dr. C. U Tisdale.'
HARVARD WANTS TO
PLAY CALIFORNIA
EASTERN FOOTBALL MEN MAY
COME WEST.
Prospects of a Big Match Between
the Two Universities After
Thanksgiving Week Is
Over.
BERKELEY, April s.— lt Is barely pos
sible that the University of California
football team may line up against Har
vard some time during the next football
season. S. L. Fuller, manager of the
Harvard team, is now in communication
with Football Manager Irving J. Munia
over the matter, and nothing but the ex
ceedingly great difficulty of sending the
California men East during the season
will prevent it. If it is possible for the
Harvard men to come West the match
will certainly be played.
A letter has been received, from Cam
bridge as follows:
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., March 30.
Manager University of California Football
Team. Berkeley, Cat.— Dear Sir: Would it be
possible to arrange a football game between
Harvard and the University of California in
Cambridge this fall? I would like to play you
here on October 21 if you would consider favor
ably the project of coming East. I would like
to hear from you favorably in regard to this
matter, and also what proposition in regard
to guarantee you would consider fair. Yours
very truly, B. L. FULLER.
As far as going East is concerned Man
ager Muraa fears that such a course will
hardly be possible. The fact that Berke
ley does not begin her training season
tlfl September would make it out of the
question to have a team in proper shape
by the date named in the Harvard let
ter Even should that difficulty be over
come to send the California team away
In October would seriously cripple the
chances of the blue and gold in the next
big Thanksgiving game with Stanford.
To go after the big game would be too
late, as the California men could not re
turn in time for the close of the college
term. " . ,
Football Manager Muma will forward
these explanations to Harvard, at the
same time urging an alternative proposal
that the Harvard men come West. He
will try to arrange for a match some
time during the week following Thanks
giving. _____
BERKELEY FRESHMEN
DISRESPECTFUL IN CLASS
THEY STAMP TO ANNOY THE
PROFESSORS.
A Sensational Letter in the College
Daily Paper; Complains of the
Conduct of the Under
Classmen.
BERKELEY, April s.— The freshman
class of the University of California lias
been called to account for its behavior
toward its professors. It is said that in
stead of the respectful ( deferential atti
tude usually observed by students toward
instructors "and which ought to be borne
by the young disciples toward those who
lead them into the ways of knowledge,
they have behaved like bad grammar
school children. Impatient of restraint
ami ever ready to be annoying. To some
of the venerable heads of the depart
ments, whose gray hairs alone shfiuld
command respect, and whose lifelong r< -
searches and investigations into the
depths of their subjects unlit them to
Btand over their classes as pedagogues to
maintain discipline, they are charged with
having shown uncalled-for discourtesy
and disrespect, Nor has It been found
that a year's sojourn in the classic halls
of the 'university works any change in
this regard, but that, on tho contrary, a
turbulent spirit manifests itself as much
now as ever.
One of their own number, sorely grieved
at the conduct of his classmates, has
raised a warning voice. Like a prophet
of old he has risen in their midst to point
the finger of rebuke. He has told them
publicly just how they have been acting,
nor # does he shrink from calling them
rowdies and other hard names. lie com
plains that their rowdyism is not to be
classed as legitimate college fun; that il
Is exceedingly unbecoming to them as
gentlemen, and that they interfere with
the good and bright freshmen who are
anxious to make marks and get along.
Bowling Club Organized.
ALAMEDA, April 6.— A number of the
young athletes of Alameda organized a
bowling club on Monday under the name
of the L,ive Oak Kegel. Meetings for prac
lico will be held every Thursday night at
Harmonle Hall. The election of officers
resulted as follows: Hans Hummel, kegel [
boss; Edward Bleyman. vice kegel buss;
Frank Fabens, secretary and treasurer.
The membership is limited to twenty, and
comprises the following: Arthur G.
Burns, William Pollock, Herman Ulrichs,
Clifford Bretz, Theodore Eisfeldt, Henry
Gutte, Frank Fabens, W. Hunter, Charles
Nelson. Eugene Bayley. William Simpson,
Edward Bleyman, Hans Hummel, James
Ballenttne, Charles F. Fletter, Charles
Frost, J. A. Monroe, Sigmund Morse and
Thomas Bennett.
California Co-eds vs. Nevada.
BERKELEY, April s.— The University
of California basket-ball team has ac
cepted a challenge from the University of
Nevada. The date agreed upon for . the
match is Saturday, April 8. Odd Fellows'
Hall, San Francisco, has been chosen as i
the place for the game to be held. The J
young ladies from Nevada will arrive here ;
the day before the game. California's j
line-up will be as follows: Miss Stoer, 1
center forward; Miss Kelshaw. right for- 1
ward; Miss Farno. left forward; Miss
Langmore, center; Miss Colton, right cen- ■
ter; Miss Ltnscott, left center; Miss Ha
worth, center guard; Miss Stockwell, left
guard; Miss E. Stockwell, right guard.
J. M. Taylor's Will Filed.
OAKLAND, April s.— The holographic
will of the late James M. Taylor, who
died March 31 last, was tiled for probate
to-day by Montell Taylor, who, with the
widow,, Laura M. Taylor, and son, Felton
Taylor, is named therein as executors
without bonds. The will is dated Juno
2, 1891, and the subscribing witnesses are
Edson F. Adams and Benjamin Bangs.
The estate consists of valuable real estate
In San Francisco and Alameda counties,
besides various stocks and bonds in cor
porations and estimated in value about
$100,000. By the terms of the will the
estate goes to the widow, children and
grandchildren.
"Lord Cyril" Goes to Folsom.
OAKLAND, April 6.— Harry Oubridge,
notoriously known as "Lord Cyril Athol,"
will spend the next ten years at Folsom
Prison. The remittitur from the Supreme
Court affirming the Judgment of the Su
perior Court in the conviction of Oubridge
on a charge of forgery was received to
day and the prisoner will be transferred
from the County Jail to his new quarters
at Folsom to-morrow.
Bishop- Spalding gives advice on
the education of women, in next
Sunday's Call
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL,.
C Burkhart & w, Wis V J Gates. N V
W M Home, Wis iMrs N J Gates. N T
E D Home, Wls G C Wright, Chgo
Mrs R Home. Wla T P Fay, L Ang
Miss Home. Wis W D Shea, N V
C W Cowell & w, Colo J A Ktley, Chgo
Mrs Ross, Byron Spgs Mi « s one N ]■
D Bagley. San Jose [i. G Bone, NY
C H Hoefster & w. M>* S (^mble N T
Tacoma IJ £ Lamb. N Y ~.
W L Butters, Eureka { S,^ t0 ? lner -fS? 10
C Jabelmann, Wyo .* " \Voolson. Ohio
T T «?hf>n San TliAiyn Mrs WOOlson. Ohio
I Waller' Naoa ! Miss W WoolßOn. Ohio
•' v \v Ue^. *;, ! l P a . „ Miss C Fray. Ohio
xvl\ ooley & w> J Duslir. NY ;
t t S. r , Bn _i co-^ Pev J Watson. Liverpl
ny r! P aT«v SaCto: M™ Watson. Liverpool
IS F Rrice, Alaska hr -r p O nd NT
t M a h m °? d> IStOga i M " J B Pond N X
t n u <1 c V ' il } OV!3 J W Kepler, Chgo
I, E Hall. San Jose |Mrs Kepler, Chgo
Mrs S Stevens. Ukiah p A Holcomb. N V
£ n art l > S a ? an l IF A Holcomb. Mich
F lard. Oakland : C ; E West _ Mlcn
H Ipaacs. NY «, 1W " Williams, N V
A Hazelton. N V | A M Jenklnson. Pa
J F Moore. N V | Mrß Jenkinson. Pa
F E Barnard, Boston Miss Constantine, Ida
Mrs Barnard. Boston ;j d Weir. N V
J H Eames. ChKo jo p Jenkins. Stanford
G Conway, Portland 'p c Ridgely. US N
9 4K 1 } I*'1 *' Po "land a R Jacobs, Portland
J -W Moore. Pa A .T Secor & w. Ohio
A S Swan. Brooklyn Mrs J X Secor, Ohio
H H Jackson. NY Mrs H S Walbridge, O
*) A Brigham. Ohio j Finnell. Tehama
Mrs rl £ hai ?' Ohio J B Peakes, S Cruz
Miss B Brigham, Ohio B Thomas. N V
J Garwood. Stockton H W Harvey &w, R I
R P etherlll . Pa Misses Lane. R I
Mrs J\etherill. Pa R w Caldwallader &
A L Levinsky. Stktn w. Philadelphia
L T Wright, Keswlck T T Williams. Maine
w R P" enpr born. Mo JR Williams, Pa
Mrs Fenerborn, Mo •
GRAND HOTEL,.
J P Bowman, Cal ,T C Woodworth. Cal
IF C Beedle. Nevada |T Nichnls. Colusa
G Champlin, Red BlufT Mrs Wood, Los Banos
J Levenßkon, LivermoriL Carter, S Barbara
O V Woodward, Cal A J Sears &w. Oiilo
M T Fish, Butte Mrs J X Spars Ohio
E Philbrook. Salem Mrs Mnlhrldge, Ohio
i M Dwyer, NT j Finlayson, Cal
E M Wagner. Ventura G D Donnin, Cal
J S Newman. NY |W B Clark, X V
<• C PariKPrfleld. Cal |j H !',:,t,h<>r, Sacto'
1") M PangerfMd. Cal |"W F Peterson. Sacto
R Lenhart & \v, Yreka Mrs C X Kelson Sacto
P A Baker, Napa J HJ Hnever, Willows
J I. Weaver, Pa A Ehle, Chicago
C A ('anfleld, Pa J A Black, I'hk-aKo
.1 W Bowen. L Ang J W Browning, Nebr
L M Streater, Penver F Mason, Sacto
C P Backtey, i'ht<-ago Mrs Chapman. S Jns©
Miss c Wells, Reno C W Tyson, Angels
: J Houndstone, Grimes H Polmraan, Cal
,) T Callne.-Masa H Sturrook. Cai
F C Frantz. lowa |L J Starr, Stockton
H H Blood. Cal C W lO.istin. Modesto
A C Jlickson, Sacto B F Walton, Cal
W P Townsond. Cal IE Jordan. St Louis
J M Peart. Cul A J Larson, Lodl
H F Kerr & w. Cal C Erickson & w, Cal
W H Hall. Grldley
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April S.
Etmr Point Arena, Hansen, from' Mendoclno.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived April s— Schr Eureka, fm
j Honolulu.
I Sailed April F>— Strar Mackinaw, for San
i Francisco; stmr Al-Ki, for Alaska; Etmr Ta-
I coma, for Yokohama: Br ship West Lothian,
for United Kingdom.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April s— Stmr Sunol,
from Uso.l.
Sailed April s—Stmr5 — Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisec.
• FOREIGN PORT.
VANCOUVER— Arrived April 4— Br stmr Em
-1 press of Japan, from Yokohama.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
HUPINERS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2 s " Hnypp s=tre»t: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
]M 1 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; ■ open
until !» o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
25L'6 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twonty-pprond and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. a
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) it
EVENING, April 6, at 7.30 o'clock, XV
Stated meeting and third degree. By /^r'
order of the Master.
■ FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— ~Z~
Stated ' and called meeting THIS 3L
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at 7 WV
o'clock. Third degree. By order of f\r>
the W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. v«*Wa<ss>.
P.— There will be initiation THIS s^"*2kK
EVENING, April 6, 1899. Visiting =^*99Eg?
brothers cordially invited. 'wNIW
JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Rec. Sec.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15.. I. **&&!&',
O. O. F.— lnitiation THURSDAY,
April J.\S. BOYES, X. G.
J. D". SCHLOEN. Rec. Sec. -^7)llW>
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of tHfe stockholders
■ of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market Ft.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of paid meeting Is to consider and
'■ act upon, the proposition that said Company
create .a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United .States gold coin for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Jts steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the '
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON, I
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
-1 pany.
■ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
St.. on and after MONDAY. April 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close TUESDAY, April 4,
1599. at 3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
' CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Pair.t Co.. 319 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332, best
help, all nationalities, desire various posi-
tions.
NORTH German child's nurse, dressmaker,
wishes situation. MRS. LAMBERT. 418
Powell St.; tel. Main 5332.
GERMAN girl desires place as cook or gen-
eral worker; country preferred; $25. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell at.; tel. Main 5332.
YOUNG girl as nurse; also to assist; $10, $12.
MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
YOUNG woman, good cook and houseworker,
country preferred; ranch or private family;
references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Skitter st.
AN English middle-aged woman, good cook,
$12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish housegirl, with good
references; good cook. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. : . .
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, with 4 years'
references from last place. Address or tele-
phone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter at. '
REFINED young lady would like position ■as
companion; no objection to travel; good seam- •
stress. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. . .
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, small hotel, $25; also second girl. $15,
see lady here at 9:30 to-day; 4 waitresses,
hotels and restaurants, $15, $20 and $6 week.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. .
GERMAN cook, also Swedish cook, best ! of
references, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— By first-class seamstress; under-
stands dressmaking in all its branches;
would like a few more engagements by the
day or would engage with dressmaker. 1241^
. Market Bt, room/ 18. . .
AMERICAN woman, destitute and in need of
work, • wishes situation to do house or cham-
ber work in small family; not accustomed
to children; Oakland preferred. .Box 7474
Call office, Oakland. . ■ . *
YOUNG German girl wishes to da general
housework and washing; American family
$20 expected. Address 2 days, WORK, box
850, Call office. . . •
WANTED, by a middle-aged woman, fully
competent, a position to assist in light house-
work or take charge of children. Please call
at 663 Natoma st. ,
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by woman
experienced with children, or second work;
wages $IS. Address C, box 7, Call office, 615
Larkin st.
AMERICAN, woman with a grandchild 17
months old, wants place to assist with house-
work; wages small. MRS. C, 839 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wants to do house clean-
ing or any other day work. Call 105 New
Montgomery St., room 2ZM,.
GOVERNESS French, German, EnglUh, de-
sires position In a first-class family. Ad-
dress box 553, Call office^
LADY capable of taking charge of dentist's,
oculist's or doctor's office, wishes place: best
of references. L. D., box 848, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants a position in pri-
vate family In the city. 418 Ellis st; call
all week.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situ-
ation for light housework. Address . 4225
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Second work, private family or
chamber work hotel. Call or telephone _.
W. C. A., 1259 O'Farrell St.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation as cook
in either a German or American family;
wages $25. 22268 Geary St.
TWO young ladies would like positions, one as
bookkeeper the other office work. 216 Kearny
St.,- room 9.
WANTED— Situation to do light housework
in the city or country; moderate wages. Call
1000 Washington st.
LADY wishes position; Is good cook or gen-
eral housework, or will work by day. 341
Minna st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper; refined
family; thoroughly qualified; references.
Box 856, Call office.
EXPERIENCED first-class' cook and second
girl wishes situation; wages, to cook, from
$30 to $35; good reference. Call 629 Stevenson.
SWEDISH neat steady girl wishes a place to
do general housework; city reference; wages
$25. Call or address 629 Stevenson st.
SEAMSTRESS wants plain dressmaking and
family sewing; can make shirt waists; rea-
sonable. MRS. S., 28 Eighth St.
WANTED — Situation by a young woman to do
any kind of work by the day; $1 25. Address
20S Dru'mm st.
GOOD housekeeper and cook wishes a position;
best of references. Please call 1215 Geary st.
GIRL would like a place for chamber and
waiting. Address 741 Central aye.
WANTED-^Posltlon ns cashier In restaurant.
Address box 863, Call office.
WANTED— Position as waitress In restaurant.
Address box 861, Call office.
rOUNG Kirl wishes position to do second work
and sewing; city or country. 1517 Broadway.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng; 75c. 550 Mission st.
YOUNG lady of good character, who speaks
English and German, desires a position to do
housework and cooking where ihe will have
a _ood home and be treated as a member
of family; wages small; in East Oakland or
Frultvale preferred. Address 1161 East Fif-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young woman will give her
services in return for board and room, with
her husband, In hotel or private house; good
sewer; housework or chamberwork; beßt of
references can be given. Apply by letter to
MRS. HOI'STEN, 376 Geary St., room 21, and
will calU
EXPERIENCED German and French cook
wishes situation in private family in city or
short distance In country; will assist In light
housework. 341 Minna St., bet. Fourth and
Fifth.
AN" experienced and competent stenographer
and typewriter, thoroughly familiar with
general office work, desires a position; best
references given. Box 840, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wants situation; second
work: good seamstress and understands wait-
ing on table. Please address or call at 830
Geary St.
YOUNG lady would like position to take care
of one or two children; drawing and painting
included; best of references. Box 842, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
in families; $1 50 per day; reference. Ad-
dress 589 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG girl wishes to do second work In hotel
or in private family In country. Apply 2608
Mission st., near Twenty-second.
COMPETENT reliable German woman wants
housework by the day or the month; $20 per
month. 132 Sixth St.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements by the
day. Adilress I''9 Leavenworth st.
LADY wishes any position of trust; best of
references. 9 Powell St., room 9.
YOUXG lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter. Address box 545, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework in American family. 414
Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper; city or country; good cook; ref-
erences; hotel preferred. Germanla Gardens,
Harbor view.
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl to do
housework: good plain cook; city or country:
food references if required. Please call 515
eventh st., near Bryant^
YOUNG Kirl wishes housework and plain cook-
Ing. Please call 142^ Clara st., between
Fourth and Fifth; no postals answered.
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do house-
work in this city. TSUMA, 639 Stevenson st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and 'baggage to and from f#rry; elevator.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires situation;
best city reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, ?i^ Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 5«.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 13.
CHINESE, and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42ti.
BARBERS— Young man, 1 year's experience in
10-cent shop, desires position for Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday nights. Address MR.
HUSTON, 2124 Flllmore st.
MAN as janitor or night watchman: will make
himself useful sweeping or cleaning while on
watch; 5 years in last place; references.
Box 852, Call.
YOUNG Englishman wishes position as coach-
man; knows his businpss and reliable; with
references. A. S. ROUSE, 427 Sutter st.
YOUNG man desires position with private
family; can furnish good reference. Box 859,
Call. "
YOUNG mm wants work of any kind; is a
good carpenter. Address box 858, Call office.
WANTED— Position as lumber or box shook
salesman;, thoroughly competent; best of ref-
erences. Address B. J., box 83$, Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a situation. Call or address
446 Valencia st.
GOOD tailor (cutter) wishes situation. Address
L. C. 310 Montgomery aye., room 8.
WANTED— A home In the country for a boy
14; work for board; go to school. Address
box 808, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman, smart appearance, de-
sires position as coachman; good rider and
driver; country preferred. 8., box 807, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
stands his business, wishes situation; city or
country; good references. Box 770, Call.
AN experienced vlneyardist and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS- j
6AGNES, 813 Jessie st.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler. English, wants
employment: 15 years' experience; town or
country. Address W. WILMOTT. care MRS.
HEARTMAN. 935% Howard St.. S. F.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house-
work and wash dlshes^or schoolboy In this
city. YAMAMOTO. 533 Stevenson Bt.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child, $12; French nursery
governess, $25; a neat young girl, assist, $10
to $15; a girl, assist light housework, $15, 2 In
family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, one child 2 years old, $15; housework.
Alameda, $25; Menlo Park, $25; San Jose, $25,
and other towns; 10 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN maid and seamstress, $25; a French
nurse girl, $25, need not speak English; a
refined second girl, $20; 2 second girls, $25; 2
cooks, $30 and $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
FOUFTwaltresses, $20 each. MISS CULLEN,
3C." Slitter st. . .
HOUSE"VVORK girl. 3 in family, $25. mTss
CULLEN. 32- Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25; 2 second girls, $20 and $15;
cook, $25; housegirl, $25. small family; Ger-
man housegirl, 2 in family, $1.1 to $20: Irish
housegirl, $20; 25 housegirls, $20 and $25; lv
young girls to assist. $10 to $15; middle-aged
woman, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
AT the German Employment Office MRS
LAMBERT, 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332, help of
all nationalities wanted tor various positions.
TWO second girls. $15 and $20: seamstress, $25;
2 cooks, |25 and $.30. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
<; C. R. HANSEN~&'CO?. .......Phone Grant 185"
2 waitresses, first-class country hotel. $20;
8 waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 3
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait. .
$20; pantry girl, short distance in country,
$20; fancy' ironer, $25 to $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT -
Cook. Jewish family. $25 to $30: German
house girl, $20 to $25, very choice place; 1
cooks and laundresses, $25; 30 cooks and
housegirls of different nationalities for city
and country, $20 and $25, and many young
girls to assist, $12 to $15; 2 French house girls.
$20; colored house girls, $20. C. R. HANSEN
. & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, no wash, American family. $30; Ger-
man or Scandinavian cook, a short distance.
$30; 6 cooks in American and German fam-
ilies, $25 and $30; nurse, infant and serving,
$25; and a large number of .iris for cooking
and housework. J. F. CROSnTT & CO., 316
Sutter st. __
WORKING housekeeper; gentleman and one
child; see party here at 12 to-day. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. )
WANTED— Scandinavian or French
typewriter and office clerk. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter St.
25 GIRLS for housework; 10 girls to assist;
a number of young girls, Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley. MISS DILLON, 310
315 Sutter st. _____
2 LADIES' tailors wanted for the country;
piece work on jackets; must be thoroughly
competent; rapid men can make $20 a week;
9 hours' work a day; plenty of work. Apply
to STEIN, SIMON & CO., cor. Second and
Market sts.
WANTED— GirI for housework in American
family of three adults; must be a good cook;'
large washing put out; wages $20; references.
Call Thursday between 2 and 5, at 1914 Wash-
ington st.
GIRL for general housework; no washtng;
German or American preferred. Apply 901
Goldert\ Gate aye.. from 8 to 9 a. m.
GERMAN or Swedish woman for country;
wages $20; must be good cook and house-
keeper. Apply at 326 Bush st.
WANTED— Immediately, ffrst-class - corset
maker and designer; reference. Box 849. Call.
EXPERT hairdresser and ventilator. S.
STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary st.
YOUNG willing girl about 16 to assist In light
housework; $8. 845 Pine St., near Powell.
WANTED— Apprentice and assistant in dress-
makins. 9SB Harrison gt.
FIFTY young ladies for outdoor games: to
travel: good salary. Natn'l Agency, 7 Grant.
WANTED— German girl for housework and
cooking; references; $16. 3004 Mission st.
GIRL, 14 to 16 years, to assist In light house-
work; after 9 'a. m. 916 Fulton st.
NEAT e-irl- light housework; familly of 2; easy
place; $10 per month. 1219 Hayes st.
WANTED— for second work and waiting.
130*7 Hyde st. ; ,
GOOD hand on vests. Apply at 411% Kearny
St., top floor.
GOOD quick hand on vests; also boy or girl
apprentice. 628 Stevenson st.
FINISHER on pants. 83 Third St., upstairs.
APPRENTICES with some experience on cus-
tom-made coats; paid while learning. 214 7th.
OPERATORS on gents' custom shirts. ROG-
ERSON, 535 Valencia st.
APPRENTICE for halrdresslng and manicur-
ing. 652 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE on custom pants; paid while
learning. 110 William St.. oft Geary, near
Taylor. __
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists;
power. S. F. MFG. CO.. 409 A Turk st.
HELP WANTED—MALE. '
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Experienced milk wagon driver, city; ranch
blacksmith ,-■•
Milker and butter maker; choreman for
ranch; 25 farm hands, $15 to $20 _'■•;;_
5 milkers S 2 ? and $30
Woodchoppers, .tools advanced; coal miners
for Oregon; tiemakers, etc. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st. '
BUTCHER, country $30 and found
Farmer and wife $35 and found
Farmer and wife for vineyard, $30, see party
here- driver and solicitor for dye works.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS. $30, $40 and $50; waiters, city and
country; bakers and baker's helper; young
German for bakery, $10 to $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
Neat experienced -bellboy, country hotel, $15.
free fare; 2 bellboys, city. $10; bedmaker. $5
a week and room; working head waiter, ho-
tel; pantryman, country hotel, $15; assistant
porter $15; vegetableman, $25; lunch cook and
porter', saloon, $25; potwasher, country hotel,
$20; cook, country boarding house, $35; Ironer,
Tyler machine. $25 and found
Milkers, $30, $25. $22 50 and 3 for $20; metal
polisher. $2 a day; 2 woodchoppers, $1 50 a
15 laborers new railroad work, $1 75 a day,
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Office boy, $2 50 week; man and
wife, private family. $40; quartz miners, $2
day and board; farmers. $15 and $20: chore-
men, $15 and $18; tarria*e painter. $2 50 day;
blacksmith, $30 and found, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st^^ '
WANTED— cook, $40; second cook,
=nrinKs $30; waiters; dishwashers, and
others. ' Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st. ' '
WANTED— Salesman for milk and cream de-
pot in city, references required, $30 per
month and found; farmers $20
woodchoppers, near city, good job. $1 per
cord; tiemakers. near city, 12c each; cooks
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
BUTLER. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Bright young man to learn the
dry-goods business; state age, reference, ex-
perience, salary expected. Address box 854,
Call office. '
BOY about 16 years to drive milk wagon and
milk cows. 28 Bowdoin St., oft Silver aye..
Bower Dairy.
WANTED— painter to paint house
as payment on a lot or cottage and lot. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
MAN for country capable of doing pump work,
sheet Iron work and plumbing. GEORGE H.
TAY CO., 51 First st. "
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia, and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GENERAL tailor and coat maker for country. '
Apply REISS BROS.. 2.4 Sutter st. .•
WANTED— Bushelman. PAUSON & CO., 200
Kearny st." _
YOUNG man with experience to work In bak-
ery at 127 Fifth st.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In collecting
and delivering goods; must be satisfied with
- $10 per week and have $60 cash. 1032 Market
St.. room 4.
METAL spinner wanted. 685 Mlßslon st.
PRESSER. GOLDEN GATE DYE WORKS,
842 McAllister st.
SMART boy. in restaurant. 432V4 Fifth at.
WANTED — Smart boy to assist In dining-room.
Apply 530 Third st. ■
PRESSMEN on custom coats. 927 Market st.,
room 623.
WAITER wanted. 626 Sacramento st.
BARBER shop, Richmond District; good wages
made; price $75. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
HELPER in a bakery; cake department. Ap-
ply 336 Third st.
TO go this week 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
PARTNER wanted; capital $200; no triflers.
40 Ellis st., room 19.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market st. ; W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW, Secretary.
EXPERIENCED coatmakers; also one who
understands ■ turned coats. S. N. WOOD 711
Market st. ■
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 33a
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS cabinetmaker. FINK _
SCHINDLER, 1309 Market st. . • ™. '"
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor" BOWHAY. 51«
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. THOS. E. KENT
121 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady of gen-
tleman. Room 4. 408 California st.
WANTED— man as partner; stock and
fixtures cost over $600; no experience required;
particulars to-day. 536 California st.
BARBERS' Protective Union, the only legal
organized ■ union of the coast, has authorized
J. J. HEINZ, its employment secretary to
■ extend. his services Into the country every-
where and to see that none but reliable helD
Is furnished. Office. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Ladles and gentlemen as canvas-
sers; good wages; no experience required.
Call from 1 to 8 p. m. at 373 Hayes st/
%V^ £P'_. L 'i l L l ! ore 5 and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
s rooms; 250 per night; fl to {3 per week*HELP WANTED— Continued.
31ECRUITS wanted for the United States Mr-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
year*, who are citlseni of the United States,
rr those who have legally declared their in-
dention to become such; must be of good
character nml habits and able to fpeak. read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and 6 foot in height. For further ln-
lorm.ition apply at the Recruiting olfice, 40
EIMr St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WINCH-ESTER Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; rooms. 2."0 night: reading room: free
'bus and bapgage to a,nd from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
ti'.mtner rates or percentage terms. 1512 Mkt.
FAII.ORS. green hands, blacksmiths and car-
j.nters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis Bt.. near Jackson.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MKN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, ISSVJ Eighth st.
SINGLE Funny furnished room. $2 M a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sty.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
*. Ring. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
FINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c $1
to ?2 50 wk. Elrho House. £634 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wapes due labor and
: kp Knox Collection Agency. 112 Batter st.
■ :LE furnished fine larpe sunny "and airy
"" "Ifiht. Rosedale House, ?21 Ellis st.
- ■ Acme House, X.7 Market et.. below Sixth
■ =. rooirK ;. r ,c n. night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WASTED.
cbUNTHT to Eell Leather Lustre: best seller
■::; 'ample postpaid. 2iic. .T. Brown. 332 Bush.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market etHpaysThlßhest
»-.i?.T: i rire for furniture, groceries, etc.
ROOMS \VA.\TEI>~
BY elderly lady In quiet house. Address 1913
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
"WANTED— Second-hand prejectoscope and
Ims; ah second-handed s-tereopiicon outfit.
B"X Sl7. Call office.
F<"RAP iron, brass and copper bought coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 2^4 Mission.
jsPIRITUALISM.
A,— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance turned hinT
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
iIKS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel. 50c; by let:- I SOc;
me«i every nlcrht. 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tucs.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
_ Mon.. S; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has rpened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTP.AORDINARy!
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a me-
: dium has startled the entire world. Her
..; rower Is acknowledged by press and public to
c« of the highest order. She advises you to a
•■ertalnty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply is most gratify in- : all are pleased.
■Without a question she tolls ea-ch caller their
r.ame and for what th£y came. She gives
»'l»-lce on business, spejulation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage — every-
: thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
pnaies. 9 a. m. to S:3O p. m.
• JIME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
". ' tard reader: born with double veil and sec-
y ond plpht; diagnoses disease; full life read-
'• ■ ing; ladles. 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
i'ltME. HAYS returned; card reader and mac-
?-' net:?t. 2"7 Powell st.. rooms 5 and 6.
..; "RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
.. an'l palmist. \2O Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
..'BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
••:• card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
'.- CARD-READER; removed from 77 Ninth fit.
;. ... to 1322 Mission, bet. 9th & 10th; 1. 10c; g. 25c.
•'"MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.
•;■ JKPSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
236- Kearny pt.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOP.EAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
. MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names (riven; Z~>c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
hsrri's nlr-ture. ??>: ■-:■■..« ■'■! O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupH~lsomit~sT~Ger^
.-nalne. S3SS Twenty-first ft above Valencia;
•■ : White --■ reading by mnll. $1.
_^ SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
Bt PERFLU hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
*t. ; li years' experience; references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckcls bldg., 927 Market st.
Palnlefs extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
frcm $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. *09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood b ie.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions. free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
■ plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
! cur specialty; filling. tOe; crowns, $3 60; all
• work painless »nd warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.; telephone Jessie 1132.
I4R. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ft., ex-
tracts -and fill? teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prlies; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
.■*eeth. So; crowns. $3; fillings. BOc; all work
wnrranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate aye.
•.VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
•work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work ancTfl'.llngs a
| laity; all work reasonable; gas given.
JEF.T of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IMI Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
puarr.td. N. Y. Dentist, M 9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth.
$4: filling, gold, 50c: silver, t^: crowns. $3.
. EDUCATIONAL.
-ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
: «ay!ng, blowpipe anal., chemistry geol., rcin-
"eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
:', Etruction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
• teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
.AN experienced English teacher will take' a
. ' few private pupils; particular attention given
.'; -to nervous and backward pupils and to la-
.'• <1I«>b and jrentlemen, whose education has
.: : been neglected. Uox 830, Call.
' 'MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
inrtlvidual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
• keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
: Mr. Tarr; lay. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
' AYRE? nusiness College. 723 Market St.;
Shorthand 1 ing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
.... penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
-.. scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: penny rooms; low rates; day,
... evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
" .LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING Pchool. civil, electrical, mm:-
: ing, mech survey, assay, arch!.; day A eve.;
.: • eetlS«4. Van DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
■NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
' " Merkl, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH. Spanish, Prof De Fillppe's
■; Academy of Languages. 320 Post ablest profs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
:: 16 pages. in wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
: LOST.
• FOX terrier dog; white body; black head; re-
• : ; ward. GEO. GROSSMAN, 32 Post Bt.
' .LOST— Small parkage containing money, on
: Tenth st. Return 418 Tenth st. ; reward.
LOST— A lady's tan purse, containing $8 50 In
■ money anil a P. P. R. R. pass. Keep money
and. return pa— to Wl Buchanan st.. S. F.
LORT— Small blue and tan dog, named "Little
Man " Return to Haquf ""va gt Art,
:. .W>°f^ •"•» HO reward,, r ,-«*^N" V
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
i Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
first-class investment* R. G. WILKE. room
S. 9fo Market st.
, A— sl6. MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE tor protection of trees; every
i farmer of fruit grower n»eds them; small
cost Of manufacturing. Particulars of R. G.
'•'■ ILKE. 906 Market St.; room 6.
A— s4so; CORNER EUloon, with living rooms,
on Fifth St., near Market; rent $30; average
dally receipts $14; fine fixtures, cash register,
etc. WILKE. 906 Mark, m.. room 8.
A— WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and
manufacturing of farming implements; in
lively country town, Alameda County; estab-
lished many years; tools $400; stock at invoice
price; a splendid chance for good, steady man
i who knows his business. Call R. G. WILKE.
!v6 Market St.. room S.
A— s6oo; RAILROAD boarding-house In Oak-
land; first-class paj^ng; best class of board-
ers; large rooms; good furniture; rent $20.
Particulars of WILKE. 906 Market, room 8.
A— s(,,"o; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms, on Market St.; doing a good-paying
business; owner bought transfer business.
Particulars of WILKE. MM Market, room 8.
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
postofflce in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; including building, 2 lots 23x150;
$2000: stock of merchandise about $3000;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
& UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$225— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market Ets.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted In mechanical busi-
ness; well established, fast-growing trade;
st.-a work, not hard; good wages and a
chance to get/rich; no experience required.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary St.
$SfO— MEAT market; no opposition; $100 a
month clear; 4 horses; 2 wagons; refrigerator;
$-15 a day trade; a bargain; trial given.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st
A— S2SOO— CORNER drug store; doctor's prac-
tice worth $300 a month: receipts $2 i daily;
chance for a physician. KREDO & CO., 22))
Geary Et.
A— SIOO— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and can-
: dies. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in one of the oldest
business openings, established 25 years; sure
$75 or more each per month; light office work:
experience not necessary. Apply UPS
STRAND i CO., 1027'j Market St., above 6th.
$1300— SALOON and restaurant (Including build-
Ing); netting $200 monthly; full investigation.
$225 — Saloon; good corner; "fine fixtures; do-
ing good business. Nat. Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$450— FINE-PAYING butcher shop; does cash
business of $20 dally; old established corner;
sells 4 cattle. 25 sheep weekly; don't miss
this bargain. STENBERG CO.. 264 Geary.
MILK ranch and business for sale; Includes 1
acre of land. 3 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 85
milk customers; nets $90 month: situated In
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN. real estate and in-
surance agent. 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley.
$500— YOUNG man with good references and
business experience wanted as a partner In
a good manufacturing business; established
ISS9. Box 547, Call office. .
PARTNER wanted In liven* stable; $100 a
menth guaranteed; 1 month trial given; price
reasonable. Box S6O, Call office.
YOU can double your money In salmon can-
nery shares; only a few left. See CLARK &
CO., room 509, Examiner building.
SALOON; bargain; will sell at great sacrifice.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
A— TO buy or cell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., 10084 Market st.
WANTED — Financial backer in legitimate
business; contracts pay 5 per cent; good se-
J curity. Box 888, Call.
PARTNER wanted; good reliable man with
little capital. Inquire 41 Third £t., room 5.
$100— LIGHT manufacturing business; owner
sick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 5.
BARGAIN— neatly fitted; owner's
wife's sickness cause. 513'^ Jones, nr. Geary.
PARTNER indoor business; will pay $60
to $75 per month to each yearly. Box 557, Call.
FOR sale— Well-established printing office, for-
merly conducted by the late CHAS. W. LIEU,
at 220 Sutter St.. room 37, will be disposed of
at a reasonable offer. For particulars call at
above office or 212 Pennsylvania aye.
FOR — Rare business opportunity; whole-
sale commission business established 30 years;
to close estate. C. F. O'CALLAGHAN, at-
torney for estate, Mills building.
WANTED- Reliable man with $1000 to incor-
porate established liquor business; good out-
side trade; no agents. Box 776, Call office.
GOOD old corner grocery; only fixtures to buy;
rare chance for man with small means. C.
WILLMOTT. Sl6 Market St. •
$100 FOR stock and fixtures of saloon and lunch
house; 2 living rooms; good for man and
wife. Inquire Call office.
NEWSPAPER route; business -portion of Oak-
land; a No. 1 route. C. F. W., 501 Jones st.,
Oakland.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1245 Ken-
tucky Bt Apply 134 O'Farrell st.
RESTAURANT for Bale cheap; new premises.
16 Mason st.
WANTED— To buy a restaurant; must be
cheap. T. S., 113 Eighth st.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third St.
J3CO— COFFEE and chop house; doing good
business. Apply at 625 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box, 112 Benlcia. Cal.
HOWARD. £33— Vienna Beer Hall; for sale
cheap on account of discontinuing partner-
chip.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Ukiah. Gal.
FOR Bale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply SCO Halght st.
JOHN RE DLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third et.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL ft CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
44-ROOM house for city or country prpty.s4ooo
64-room house; clears $300; payments.... 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
16-room house; clears $100 300
11-room house in Angels Camp 450
15-room house; central; $100 cash 300
■"30 rooms; rent $90; on Mission Et UOQ
54-room house; clears $300 1800
17 room?; on Sixth st 450
24-roorn house; new furniture 750
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-r ira house; new and good SOO
16-room; fine corner; must sell 900
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. oth.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture; $300 cash,
balance payments. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— KB & CO 224 GEARY BT.
MONEY ADVANCED. ON ALL HOUSES.
- A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
A FEW DAYS ONLY.
$600—44 rooms; fine business corner.
$300—9 rooms; a give away.
Many others from 6 to 800 rooms, from $150
to $10.000. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON & C 0... ............ 1026 Market st.
18 rooms; cheap rent; one floor $430
20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market; snap. SOO
28 rooms: brand new; give away 800
32 rooms; will exchange; corner 1000
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 9 rooms; newly
furnished; low rent; owner obliged to go
north. 17 Powell st., upstairs.
— GREAT bargain; 80 rooms; $350 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from income of house.
105 New Montgomery.
FOR sale, cheap, on account of sickness, room-
Ing house of 35 rooms; doing good business.
Box SCS. Call office.
FOR sale cheap on account of sickness, room-
ing house of 35 rooms; doing good business.
$Soo— SNAP; 40-room house; near Market: cen-
• tral: must sell this week. Bastle, 873 Vi Market.
•-ROOM house, furniture in good order; will
sell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
FOR sale — 19 rooms, where a good living can
be made:, cheap. 48 Seventh st.
\ FURNITURE FORJSALE.
i 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
; 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
io^HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneer*. - ■ ■■'■;
FINE bay mare; also business buggy. Wil-
liams Range Repair Co.. 2151 Harrison st.
~~ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
rig for Bale cheap. Address GRAY, 915 Call
building. :
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
burgles, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
~~ TO LEASE.
TO lease— For wholesale and retail wine and
llcfuor business, store with large light base-
ment on very prominent downtown corner.
Apply to WILLIAM HENDRICKSON & CO..
614 Call building.
I'HYSiriANS.
IjR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and • -^Unce,
I IiZVA Market St.. pet. 6th and 7th, ,
, ...^- ....
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRTL 6, 1809.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOI'SE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house. In-
I quire Howard st., nr. Sth: two entrances.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23H Morris aye,, near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 655 Guerrero st.
HOUSE to let and furniture of 7 rooms for
sale. 12 Laskie, off Mission, bet. Sth and »th.
| GREAT bargain; nice furniture of six
room flat; rent $22. 215 Guerrero, nr. 14th.
FURNISHED FLATS.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms: also
$350 piano in use only three months; for sale
cheap. Call forenoons from S to 12 m. at 775
O'FarrPll st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; Ban Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth tt.; rent $6.
$6 EACH— Cottage, 5 rooms, 2 new tenements
of 4 rms. nr. 34th and Miss. Apply 64 Silver.
FOLSOH, 2326— Cottage 7 rooms; bath;. largo
yard: rent $20.
FLATS TO LET. 1;;. :
CASTRO. 458, near Market— Fine new sunny
upper double flat, 10 rooms; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, $72, south of Frederick—
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
ELEGANT 7-room upper flat: bath; laundry:
sanitary plumbing: sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m. 71SA Bush st.
ELLIS, 711>i— Furnished flat; lire of piano; all
conveniences in kitchen; stationary tubs, etc.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments; rent $22. 1307 Eddy st.
FOUR sunny rooms and bath; in good repair.
1718 Leavenworth st. : rent $12.
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rooms; bath.
411 Lyon St., near Park; very cheap.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PAINTER and paper hanger and good house
carpenter with family can get flat and take
most of rent in work. Box 555, Call.
SHOTWELL, 22, near Fourteenth— sl3; sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms: bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye.. between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15. »
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 6
rooms; $17.
7C7 Stockton; 6 r.....t36 720 Montg'y ay.; 5 r..514
1609 Turk; 6 r 17 19 Erkson crt; 6 r.. 11
1328 Hayes; 6 r.... IS 650 Jessie; 3 r 10
1C96 Page; 3 r 151250 Tehama: 4 r 8
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; I>4 blocks from
Market st. 132 nose aye., bet. Gou*h and.
Octavla sts. ;*
— 4-ROOM upper flat; sunny side. Array St.,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window,
mantel, kitchen; blue flame or gas; $12.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 nicely furnished or unfur-
nished rooms with all conveniences; cheap.
FELL, 26 — ; front sunny unfurnished rooms;
running water; reasonable; also small rm, $5.
FIFTH, — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, sink, water, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH. Completely furnished hkpg. rms.,
single or double; private family; rent low.
FIRST, 2S— 3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping, $12 mo; 2 unfusAlshed.'- $6.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
alcove and kitchen; 3 closets; running water;
bath adjoining; cheap.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Desirable
housekpg rooms for 2; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD, !■■■•..— Front bay-window room,
$2 50; also lovely sunny room, $1 75; bath.
HOWARD, 106S— Sunny front bay-window
room, hot and cold water; complete; $1 50 wk.
HOWARD, 1604— Two front complete house-
kpg rooms; gas; bath; private l ; very cheap.
JACKSON, 1501 A —2 large bay-window sunny
rooms; housekeeping; gas and range.
JESSIE. 439. bet. Fifth and Sixth— 2 large
connecting rooms complete; housekeeping;
regular kitchen;- $10.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Sunny suite furnished for
housekeeping; sink; range; bath: laundry.
MINNA, 516 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION. 839— Large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
NINTH. 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suit; stove; water; gas; rent $11; also single.
NOE, 151 — 2 pleasant front rooms, first floor;
coal stove; tubs; bath; yard; $10.
•POWELL, 418—2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
PINE, 1931—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
with bath and stationary wash tubs.
• SHIPLEY, 261 — i housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children, no animals; house new. .
STEVENSON, 403. corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRD. 309—2 large rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; $2 50 per week.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3369, near Mission— 2 or 3
large sunny furnished housekeeping rooms, $3
and $10; running water.
VAN NESS are., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor. 4 rooms; gas range.
VAN NESS, Upper parlor; light cooking;
doctor's residence.
WASHINGTON, «20- Housekeeping rooms new-
ly papered. $3 per month.
WASHINGTON. 1322, near Jones— 2 rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping; rent
low.
2 SUNNY unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
'sultahie for 2 gentlemen. S8 Ash aye. -'• ■->:•■: •■-■
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 810 A Geary st. — Front bay-window suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished. Including piano; dressing-room; 1
hot water; pas; private bath: electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike hou^p; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, mites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 534. The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single: reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 EM*, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 468— Neatly furnished large front sunny
room; also smaller room; $16 and $8.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
week or month at cut rate prices; cheaper
than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 418— The Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single: $1 50 to $6 week.
ELLIS, <!3!». corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel: gas; for two.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; gas.
FIFTH. Sunny suit of rooms suitable for
dressmaking or office; other rooms; quiet
house.
GEARY, — Single room, running water. $1 25
per week.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites; other rooms: piano; telephone.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710), near Leaven-
worth — single rooms, $4 and $5; with bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
GROVE, Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house: $150 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784 H. nr. 4th— Finely furnished
Bunny rooms; bath; convenient; $1 week.
HOTEL GrOßvenor, 319 Sutter — Opened under
new management Apr 1: elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
KEARNY, 305, corner Bush— Remodeled; new
furniture; several choice sunny front rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 109— Double furnished and
single sunny; reasonable.
MASON, MI Single sunny room; bath; gas;
.private family.
McALLISTER, 726. above Gough— Nicely fur-
nished room, with gas; reasonable.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 825— Suite of two rooms first floor;
also front room suitable for two gentlemen.
O'FAKRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Conilnned.
ROYAL House! 12<t M si Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold Wat.; baths.
PERRY, 174— Large room, double bed; suitable
for couple: bath: rent reasonable.
POLK, 610— A nicely furnished room for one or
two; gas. bath; private family. ;
SEVENTH, IS2 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 40?, and Mint aye., 22, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rooms; grate; $1 up.
TURK, Nicely furnished sunny room; gae;
bath; $1 SO per week: also one for $1 per week.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS. 518— Nice sunny rooms, with good
board, use of parlor and piano, $20 each.
FIRST. 41B— Swedish privet- bcardinir. with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board •optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
POST, 609. near — Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board: meals at all . hours.
POWELL. 303 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason st.— French dinner, 60c;
lunch, 25c or a la carte; pti. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: nny 2 15c dishes, with
email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c: 10 a. m. to i
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 2 >). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream r^rlnr. 1035 Market. : popular prices.
CUILDKE BOARDED.
GOOD home for two children; near school. 61
Clara St.
GOOD home for children, $8 per month. 210
Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar; good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 336 Third- st.
OFFICES TO LET.
GEARY, S22— Large first floor bay-window front
furnished suite, suitable for doctor or dentist.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain is warning;
Mayerle's glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, itching. discharging, burning,
twitching, scratching. Inflamed eyes and
failing sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle's
Self-fitting System mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
tlcians 1071% Market St.. San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no Instruments used; cure at office, i
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con- !
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; action guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny St.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari- j
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has j
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari- I
ties than any other physician; never falls to I
cure; consult htm first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023^4 Market st %
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far pee DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
?4 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
antee.'! cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
etantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. —Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting; others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured, exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 408 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to tie-
guro Mfg. Co., £31 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; *2 50;
expressed C, O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, Ills Market Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $3 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs. ;
1540»4 Howard; Mrs. M. M ledemann, midwife.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine In fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 514-516-618 Mission St.
LIBERAL commission for information of tools
and machinery for sale. Epstein, Ms Mission.
FLAT-TOP desk; several chairs; office chairs;
rug. 612 Examiner building.
FRESH milking Jersey for sale. 1625 San
Bruno road.
i BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale it.
EDISON Mimeograph complete for printing,
writing or sheet music, $12 50. 618 Fell st.
A FINE 12-bore Remington 8.-L. shotgun for
$25, cost originally $60. at UNCLE HARRIS",
15 Grant aye.
TO Sheriffs and others— Nearly new English
made revolver; also shotgun. A., box 526,
Call Office.
DRILL press, boring machine, 20-Inch planer
and emery grinding machine. 1634 Mission.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; sold separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petaluma, Cal.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st., near loth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission.
SAFES — All sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $33: attachment (only), $15;- will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, "rented; repaired, bought, »old;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 13.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;' re- i
; pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth, st. - l
PERSONALS.
LADY 30 years of age wishes to meet elderly
gentleman; object, matrimony. Address
MRS. ROSS. 501 Post st.
TO the public— JONAS WEYL Is no longer as-
sociated with IfcCall's Sliding Hinge-Window
Company, and has no authority to act in any
capacity for said company. ELVIN C. Mc-
CALL, Secretary McCall's Sliding Hinge-
Window Company.
I am not responsible for any debts contracted
by my wife. EMMA C. ANDERSON, after
this date. JOHN A. ANDERSON.
WANTED — Old gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jewefer. 248 O'Farrell st.
LINCOLN BROs!
" Bell 8 lbs rolled oats, 25c; 10-lb sack cornmeal
20c: butter. 25c square: 19 lbs granulated
sugar, $1; flour, Sue sack; tomatoes, 90c do*.;
sugar corn, $1 doz; picnic hams, 7^>c lb; 20
lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs raisins, $1; macaroni. 25c
a box; 2 lbs fine roffee, 25c. LINCOLN BROS.,
cash grocers. 226 Sixth st., above Foil
YOUR hair won't fall out of you use Lederer's
Quintonica, 35c bot.: Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo, Be pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, Bilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LEDERER Is the best hairdresser in the city,
but he charges only 2"c; longest hair rolls,
85c; good switches, $1; fine, $2 50. Open Sun-
days 9' to 12. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission st., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; nlso teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
HIE THIENG, 26 Glasgow St., first-class Chi-
nese laundry, removed to 338 Minna st.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet 7th and Bth.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Cooyrlght
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. IJ2B Sutter et. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, Me up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Halr-
dreesing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.: $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS DR. FTJNKE. 1416 Bth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection :guarntd.Dr.Gordin. sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 60; open eve. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
— Ladles' or gent's clothing. furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post et., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
A WEEK'S news, for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 p»t year.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $s tip; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MMlv GOLDSTEIN'
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts., Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
3 Klngsburys, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used IS months 270
-All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORN! Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
A GRAND opportunity to save money in the
purchase of a high grade piano for cash this
week. Room 12, Flood building.
PIANOS accurately tuned end warranted; send
postal card to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rm.«. 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., SCO Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett .' Davis pianos.
BARGAIN Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Bole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LI.F.R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
__£_______
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture^
fixtures, finishes, etc., tor the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2557
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17, 1899, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finish"*, etc., for the. Hall of Justice
r and Morgue buildings. In strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea it Shea, architects, and filed in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3, 1899, copies of which can
be seen by Intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea £• Shea, architects, at No 26
Montgomery street.
T'Mrlers will bid on this work with the un-
dti- '"mllng that all the material mentioned
In Ui ~ij~c. rations pliatl be manufactured in
the Stnte of California, and that all labor
necesu.iry In the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the terection
and completion of the work mentioned In the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing in the State of California.
. And It Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be tWO ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank in
the city and county of San Francisco in a
Fum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
Of their bid, and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter into a bond
In a sum equal to one-fourth (i;) of the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
. more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and state a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit:
First— For all furniture. including all metal
grill work in connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners' docks; nil courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertllloa sys-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture.
Second— gas and electric combination
fixtures.
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone system.
Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will be
awarded for each class to the lowest resDon-
sible bidder.
For any further Information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messrs
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
• the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
in three dally newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation in the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding htm Ms contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa
• cllltate the award the Board has resolved to
receive ntr-bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the city and county
of San Francisco, in a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fall or
• neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
: in that case the said sum shall be collected
. and paid Into the Cltv and County Treasury
■ by said clerk an liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
- • Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so recniirps.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
- " *
CITY REAL ESTATE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, ~-~-~~~— ■--
4 Montgomery Street.
INVESTMENTS.
FREMONT ST., near Mission— l37>4xl3T%: cov-
ered with frame buildings: rents nominal;
In the wholesale district; $140,000.
FREMONT 45:10x137',4, between Market
and Mission; rents 1335 per month: $55,000.
BE ALE ST., between Market and Mission—
'91:8x137%; renting well and can be made to
pay better if new building is erected; $80,000.
STEUART Water lot between Market and
Mission; $16,500.
EAST-ST. LOT— 4s:lfixl37H. facing new ferry
depot; a good investment if kept vacant; a
better Investment if built on; $40,000.
LARKIN ST.— Corner two-story and basement
building; rents $140; $25,000.
LARKIN ST.— Three-story and basement build-
ing; rents $90; $17,000.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. property, near Leaven-
worth st— 6Oxl37'i; frame buildings; rents
$105; $35,000.
EDDY ST.. near Mason— ; frame build-
ing; $32,500.
CORNER ON GOLDEN GATE AYE., down-
town; 80x137%; $46,000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
4 Montgomery Street
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy Installments.
$100— $125— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— near Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H St.:
open Sundays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
■ MISSION COTTAGES
Four. 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
FOR SALE— Cottage, 5 room* and bath; lot
25x114: warm belt of the Mission. GEO. W.
H.PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market St.
COUNTRY REAL iiSTATE.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwcod. Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCIIA.NGE.
44-ROOM rooming-house; vacant lots $4000
81-room lodging house; house and 10t.... 1500
£6-room lodging house; city property 4500
20 acres in Placer County; anything.... 500
4 flats in the city for large lot 5000
H. ''. DECKER. 1020 Market st. and 15 Eddy.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whol.»; if you
i ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
El*;; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or piano's In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission', no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission et., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. J.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bdlg., 130 Powell st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
j estates a specialty. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
■ A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any prr ration T">rvoVn. 413 Montgomery at.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SIOO: good security; 20 per cent In-
terest. Box 862. Call office. -
FINANCIAL. ~ '■
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortjr.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreie-pr. 312 Emumlner hi*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— ss MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine broodery,
4 nests, 12 compartments; foot high wire
fencing; very complete for immediate busi-
ness; will sell. If desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly; will make special terms if desired;
Allendale settlement, East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes; streets all graded, some are
macadamized; near a fine 3-story school house
and 3 electric car lines, and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard; site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh st., near
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
$1000— CONTRA COSTA County; small ranch.
6 1-3 acres: house and barn: i-acre orchard:
alfalfa fields; great bargain; good order. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Sale— Three modern houses, 8 rooms. Just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN. 3d & Washington sts.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND DOARD.
LADY in Frultvale having pleasant home,
wishes to board and room four business you.:#^
ladies: references exchanged. MRS. C. JAS-
PER. Frultvale P. O .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000 — Lot 50x126: house 6 rooms; good location.
$2200—75x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500 Elegant house, 8 rooms; larsro lot;
Grand st., near San Antonio aye. . .
$3500—50x150; new 8- room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut St., near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid "-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations - and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park st., Alameda,
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st.
A TTORXEYS AT LAW .
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law;
6th floor; Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
• tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
AM no lawyer, but in divorce matters will give
full information free; strictly confidential.
Box 831, Call office.
L. S. 1 CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
STORAGE. ~
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
lng, advance. «to 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Notice is hereby given that PAT-
RICK GALVIN of Dawson, N. W. T., is no
longer the manager or connected In any
capacity with the Trading and Exploring
Company (Ld.) of London, England: his
connection therewith having been severed on
or about December 16. 1898. The Trading and
. Exploring Company, by W. WHITE, their
attorney, March 24, 1599, ,
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353^3.*7 Te'hama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Martin King and Mary A. McGrath 27-35
Charles F. Charles and Maggie J0hn50n. ...39-28
J. H. Crosby and Edith J. Leschlnsky 23-27
tamest ('. Chase and Frances E. Wolf 36-23
Isaac Joseph and Henrietta Blankenstein..
J. D. McGllvray Jr. and Dotte M. Sewell. .2l-21
Patrick Fannon and Lizzie Hare 80-28
R. H. W>l!ii, tnn and Bell P. Ppafford.... ss-51
Henry F. Di;nr and Maude B. Breen 31-iS
H. W. Collins and Margaret C. de Camp.. 2B-18
Ignatius J. D. Oswald and Harriet C. Reid.2l-19
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
•ii at either of. the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SCHWAD— In this 'city. March T. 1891, to the
wife >■■' E. Sohwad, a daughter.
" MARRIED.
BARRON— SILVER— In this city. April 2, 1599,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Charles Harron and
Lena Silver, both of San Francisco.
LEFEBER— in this city, April 5. 1899.
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Albert W. Le-
feber and Julia A. Wohn.
MEGLADDERY — PETERSON— In this city,
April 4. 1899, by the Rev. W. C. Pond. Mark
L. Megladdpry and Annie C. Peterson, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Alexander. David G. McKeown. Alice
Cavanaugh. Joseph Martin. John
Durroux. Joseph Newman. Betsy W.
Elvick, Martin Post, Lily H.
Hackett, Thomas Robohm, Louis
Harklns, Rosanna Scanltn, Hugh W.
Hausuke. Robert . Schutte. Alice R.
Hunter. Mrs. Annie Spreckels, John
Kennedy, Hugh Strong, Joseph D.
Lenhoff. Paulina Yon der Lleth. F. H.
McDonough, Richard
ALEXANDER— In this city, April 3, 18S9,
David G., beloved husband of Isabella Alex*
ander, son of Mrs. Janet Alexander, and
brother of Mrs. E. Laws and ' .iss Roblna.
William, Archibald, Robert and John Alex*
ander. aged 43 years' ll months and 10 days. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1240 Broadway, Alameda. Inter-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. Please omit flowers.
CAVANAUGH— In this city. March 29, 1899,
Joseph, infant son of Charles 11. and Lizzie
Cavanaugh, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 days.
DURROUX— In this city, April 5, 1899, Joseph,
beloved husband of Leonie Durroux, and
father of George and Fernande Durroux, a
native of France, aged 53 years 5 months arid
25 days.
ET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
ELVICK— In this city. April 4. 1899, Martin
Elvick. a native of Norway. a?ed 32 years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel " ill Cemetery. '
HACKETT— In this city. April 4. 1899, Thomas
Hackett, formerly of Sutter Creek. Amador
County, a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged
76 years 4 months and 19 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), from St. Mary's Hospital chapel,
where mass will be celebrated for the repoea
of his soul, at 7:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
HARKINS— In this city, April 4. 1899, Ro-
•anna, relict of the late Charles Harkins, a
native of Movill, County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
HAUSUKE— In this city. April 3, ISM. Rob-
ert Hausuke, a native of Germany, aged 44
years 3 months and 12 days.
(C?"Frien'l^ -nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
thence to Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter street,
where the services will be held, commencing
at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of North
Beach Lodge No. 9. O. d. H. Sons. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUNTER— In this city, April 5. 1899, Mrs. An-
nie Hunter, wife of H. H. Hunter, daughter
of Julia and the late John B. Holmes, and
sister of Charles Holmes and Mrs. F. L.
Cate. a native of San Francisco, aeed 38
years.
KENNEDY— this city, April 4, 1599. Hugh,
beloved husband of Mary Kennedy, and
father of Hugh, Christopher and Sadie Ken-
nedy and Mrs. T. F. Casey, a native of
County Meath, Ireland, aged 59 years. A
member of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.
(Jersey and Newark papers please copy.)
(CTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 790 Harrison street, between Third and
Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LENHOFF— In this city, April 4. 1899, Paulina,
beloved wife of William H. Lenhoff. a na-
tive of Finland, aged 24 years 1 month and
4 days. ■
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 110 A Valparaiso street, between Filbert
and Greenwich, Tay'.or and Jones. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McDONOUGH— In this city, April 5, 1899, Rich-
ard McDonough, a native of Ireland, aged 7*
years.
McKEOWN — An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated for the late Alice Mc-
Keown this day (Thursday), at 8 o'clock, at
St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue.
Friends are invited.
MARTIN— In Oakland, April 4. 1899, John Mar-
tin, beloved brother of Mary A., Maggie M.
and Patrick J. Martin, a native of Aclare,
parish of Kilmactigue, County Sligo, Ire-
land, aged 31 years. -.'... • "x
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McManus, eventh and Cas-
tro streets, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repos*
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NEWMAN— In this city, April 4. 1899, at i
o'clock a. m. Betsy Walkerley Newman,
niece of the late Martin and William Walk-
erley, a native of Lincolnshire. England.
in?"Tho funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2115^ Howard street. Interment pri-
vate.
POST— In this city, April 4. 1*99. Lily H. Post,
beloved daughter of Mrs. A. E. and the late
F. L. Post, mother of Frank P. and Lily
Post Blair, and sister of Stanley 0., Albert
E. and Ralph M. Post, Mrs. E. E. Hunt,
Mrs. George Gray and Mrs. E. L. Bennett,
a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 42 years
7 months and 12 days. (New York papers
please copy.) Remains at the parlors of Craig
& Cochran Company.
!t7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
"April 7, 1899, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Craig & Cochran Company, 52 and 58
Mint avenue. . ,
ROBOHM— In this city, April 5, is??. Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Gesche Robohm.
father of Margaret, Sophie and Louis Rob-
ohm, brother of Mrs. J. Behlmer, Mrs. H.
Schutt and Maria Robohm, and brother-in-
law of Cord Robohm. Mrs. A. Stahl and Mrs.
H. Diedricksen, a native of Oldendorf. Han-
over. Germany, aged 32 years 9 months and
28 days.
SCANLIN*— In this city, April 5, 1899, Hugh
Washington, beloved husband of Nellie Scan-
lin, and brother of Gulla Pcanlln, Mrs. J. J.
O'Connor, Mrs. James Tunnell, Mrs. F. A.
Cook and Mrs. John H. Gay of New York
City, a native of New York, aged 33 years 1
month and 4 days.
SCHUTTE— this city, April 5, 1*99. Alice
Raphiel, beloved daughter of Kate and Maxi-
inllllaii Schutte, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John Hurson and Mr. and Mrs.
John Schutte, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 months and 2 days. ; ■■-■■
SPRECKELS— In this city, April i. 1899. John
Spreckels, a native of Germany, aged 32
years. A member of Hannoveraner Verein.
(CTFrlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STRONG— In this city. Joseph D. Strong, hus-
band of Elizabeth Haight Strong, and father
of J. Austin Strong, a native of Bridgeport,
Conn.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr?. B. P. Haisht, 534 Oak street, near
Webster. Interment private.
YON PER LIETH— In this city, April 4, 1899,
Friedrich Harold, beloved husband of Doro-
thea yon der Lleth. and father of Dr. Harold,
Walter and Olea yon der Lleth. a native of
Germany, aged 57 years 3 months and 27 days.
ir^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), nt 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
742 Broadway, thence to St. John's Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, Mason street, between
Pacific and Jackson.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. :■>'-■-
Telephone South. $» - ...
{„•.- " — ■*
1112
STILLMAN WAS
TURNED DOWN
BY HUNTINGTON
Searles Is the New Director of
the S. P. Company.
His Former Representative on the Board
Wasa Victim of the Railroad Mag
nate's Persecutions.
BTILLMAN is out, Searles is in and
Huntingdon's path is once more
clear.
Collis P. Htintinßton has again
wi iked his will against a man
whom he could not control and whom he
disliked. The result of his determination
to absolutely rule the destiny of the
Southern Pacific Company in Bpite of all
■ tion was Been in the election of Ed
ward F. Searles as a director of th.i'
poratlon In the place of Thomas E. Still
man. Stillman had heen a director, repre
senting, in conjunction with General
Thomas H. Hubbard, the interests of Ed
ward F. Searles ever since the latter ac
quired possession of Southern I
stock through the death of his wife, for
merly Mrs. Mark Hopkins.
The Becret of Stillman's refusal to
stand for re-election on the directorate
is not even whispered around the big
yellow building at the corner of Mont-
EDWARD F. SEARLES, the New Director of the South=
crn Pacific Company.
gomery and Market street?, though Still
man has marie no cone( of his
reason for r^-fusinc to I - asso
ciated with <v.i!i- F. Huntington. Still
man is a born aristocrat and the
consideration shown him by Hunt.
on ii .?:s when they came to
gether proved at last tv be m<>r^ than he
cared • : ■ ■ :, sev
eral ■ • irtinn
■with Hunt
corporation and particularly with sum
of hi.- methods. He wai frank In his op
position to the president "f the Southern
S . The : • tween
them firvw in bitterness. Hum,
freely < i i^ ; > l . . >■•-■.! :,:.- resentnv
Stillman. and. I ower, was in a
position to maki ry unph
for his colleague, with the result th;<:
Stillman :-" rn ,. month: ago
- .'hern
Pacific affairs.
When Edward F. Searles round himself
a fourth owner In the South<
IRISH ARRAIGNS THE
POLICY OF IMPERIALISM
CONDEMNS EXPANSION AND
POINTS OUT ITS EVILS.
His Lecture Listened to by a Throng
of Enthusiastic So
cialists.
Colonel John P. Irish last evening dis
coursed eloquently before a half thousand
members of the Socialist Society gathered
at the Turk-street Temple upon the evils
of the policy of territorial expansion. He
spoke interestingly for more than an
hour, and it was evident that he had his
hearers with him in his brilliant arraign
ment of the plan of procedure which it
was evident to many present that the
powers at Washington are applying in the
Indies and the Philippines.
Colonel Irish, however, began his lec
ture with a flat denial of the statement
that the Government had decided upon
eny such policy, nq matter how hard cer
tain interests attempted to make it ap
pear that it had. The Government bad
not. he Bald, nor could it inaugurate any
such policy except by action of Congress,
and this was his reason for the crusade
he ha* started here In the West against
it. It was his desire to show the people
what expansion really was that Congress
might be forced to act accordingly.
"All over this country." said Mr. Irish.
"men are arguing that expansion has
been one of the traditions of this country.
They say that from the narrow strip of
colonies on the Atlantic we have expand
ed until now our standard is unfurled on
the shores of both the mighty oceans.
"All this is true, but we have expanded
over contiguous territory and in one zone.
We have taken in no territory not con
tiguous territory, nor have we invaded a
zone in which it was not intended that a
native of the temperate zone should live.
If we inaugurate this policy we will be
defeated by nature itself, for the men of
this clime cannot exist under the rays of
a vertical sun, nor can they perpetuate
themselves beyond the second genera
tion."
Colonel Irish also said that he did not
consider that territorial expansion is pos
sible under the constitution. The consti
tution, he said, gives certain powers to the
President, but beyond these he could not
Company he was without any experience
in railroad matters, and felt it necessary
to secure the advice and services of gen
tl< men who were qualified ;inrl able to
look after his railroad interests. General
Huhbard and Thomas E. Stillman were
law partners at that time, and he se
lected them for the responsible trust. A
partnership arrangement was entered into.
the Southern Pacific stock hemp appor
tioned among the three men. with the
understanding that Searles was to he re
lieved of all work in connection with the
railroad corporation's business. When
Stillman decided t" withdraw from the
directorate this partnership was dis- i
Stillman has been ailing: for the past
two years, and the cause of his physical •
condition is attributed by his friends to
the aggravation he was made to Buffer
through the slights of Huntingdon and to
compelled to helplessly witness pro
ceedings to which he was strongly op
sides the election of directors held at
the annual meeting of the stockholders of j
| the Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
■ mi was adopted ratifying and
approving the action of. the directors in
i with the consolidation of the
I Railroad Company with
the Southern Pacific Company.
Only one ticket for directors was in the
fleld, and the names of Prince Ponia
r. Plan, who had been
spoken 'if ms possible successors tn t. E.
Stillman. were not even m>-nrioned. Th*
new . la -is follows: George
Crocker, w. ii. Crocker, C. P. Hunting
ton, H. E. Huntingdon, Thomas H. Hub
bard. Julius Kruttschnitt. Charles G. La
thr"ii. X. T. Smith. E. F. Searles, J. C.
i R. .1. Wilson.
To-day the directors will meet to elect
officers for thf- following year. If is gen
■ rally '.!;'>■'!•'! by those interested that
will be go changes, though Mrs.
■ ird may again tnstruci h<^v i-ppre-
Charles <;. Lathrop and R. J.
Wilson, to cast their votes for General
Hubbard for pr< sident At thf election
for directors 1,246.918 shares wen repre
ted out of a total of 1,266.67] shares
outstanding. Collie P. Huntington pre-
I sided.
go. and the right to acquire foreign terri
tories by conquest la not among them.
He also said that never would this coun
try's foreign acquisitions bring in sub
stantial, profit unless servile or enforced
labor were employed, and the day of slav
ery is over.
Frequent and hearty applause rewarded
Colonel Irish, and he was not permitted
to leave the hall until he had answered a
volley of questions fired at him from
every quarter.
J. J. Valentine; president of Wells-
Fargo & Co., will lecture on the same
proposition next Wednesday night.
Remember Your Boys.
Come and select a box of groceries
; for your well-earned and brave boys at
i Manila and we will pack and ship sam*
free of charge. Former shipments were
very successful. The next steamer sails
shortly. Come early with your orders
and avoid the rush.
LEVIN BROS.. Inc.. Leading Cash
Grocers, 1348 and 1354 Market street, op
posite Seventh. Phone S. 292. *No
branches. •
Bacigalupi Arrested.
The warrant (or the arreal of Peter
Bucigalupi, proprietor of the phonograph
parlors on Market street, for having in
decent pictures on exhibition, was served
upon him yesterday by Policemen Tyr
rell and E?o!a and he was booked at the
City Prison. He was released on $200
bonds accepted by Judge Mogan.
I The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT la
, rscom mended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Taylor Not Guilty.
William Taylor, charged with having
robbed George W. Hanigan of a watch
and chain a few weeks ago, was acquitted
by a jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday
and discharged from custody.
Flor de Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First-class stores have them on
sale. If your dealer does not carry them
send us $3 for a box of twenty-five Flor
de Heyneman Delicioßas, expressage pre
paid. State color wanted. Money refund
ed to you if cigars not satisfactory. Hey
neman, Brown & Co., 117 and ll* Pine
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1899.
Hales.
liaillllSilllllllDlll lIIIIiESIBIHBieiBBIIIIIBIIISIIIItIIIIIIIHIIIIRI>>IIIIl |llllll9liiilllKlllllll
\M^!\ aC\ ' / The Watchword in the \ * w^\w \ ■
ofni If I I I v v? 7 ,'A \ y There is one word that must stand out bold from our cloak and suit department. It \ /V/fl •£ . \ \ \
////// / 1 1 w •',! \>^ must be for all times the watchword of that section of our store. It mustbeasaguid- \ 71 <*j» W. >/ \
II I I I I: \ / Si If ing star to every buyer that searches fashioridom for treasures for Hales. It must be \ /j\\ X \ \
§1/1/1 I / "i\ \ so indellibly impressed upon the public, and so thoroughly drilled into every buyer \ -wj I *«!», \ \
1/1/ I ' I^^^^ '\ \ for that department, that -tor years to come it will be connected with Hale's wraps 1 . / \ % 'fy \ ) 1
\I IS I ' \^^7 '\ \ as "good goods" is connected with Hale's name. That one word is "exclusive- \ /IT. /j 1^ \
\J In [ \ / "|\ \ ness" (your protection), and if you select at Hale's remember you are protected, 1 / I I\* \
I 111 I '\ V '""••■-:-.;— I J FANCY WORSTED SUITS (see drawing in SILK MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS; a good as- 1
/ /// I V \l • square right of heading); an imported style: sortment in colors and black; full width; l
M 1 ■ I y. -^^^ in exclusive effects; the new spade jacket deep flounce; finely corded; new yoke ef- \^^^^^^^^
/\J ff^A and 12-button front: fancy plaid silk tat- . feet, with button side; ready C^l Ckfk ••
"^^^^^ Vi^^^^^ feta lined; circular skirt; 4^ IjO r *i to-day (you'd guess $6 or $7).. ■ • C/ vF m^ ******
trimmed as shown; a swell <jJIO§OU Each T■* *"* •« ■» r<^l Col A /">
_ *. little garment Each 1 (JWCI Odlv • 1 p2AjOIS-a )
/T^u|?nt-n> /Vlll^lin HERRING BONE CHEVIOT SUITS, a swell CRASH SKIRTS; a new lot just in: well - \*~w „ « P\ *£2s '
;•>*>- .■'■■?» XT 111 1 11 tailor-made garment; in tight-fitting tailored: flat seams, double stitched: full *-% »-» I 1 rl C* t"» \\
IJ^IUiW' fc , 0 ' •'-" ■"■"■" double-breasted effects (see drawing in width; as jaunty a little skirt <r>] OK ClUvl \/lllvl \%li 4&2? 11'
/*:''" •'tDr^Wf/-- I T—^^4^..^. . s-^ m-» circle left ot heading) : jacket lined all as ever went over our coun- (DliZO • ,! v 'M;l<^\
j?teJi^^ Underwear t ,,s^ s±^iir?.± ; »My'«H .. " r> ■ ■="* News. $.##%
•*v\ Excellence. .™?";°':'"° *lS h - 00 • B > a < 3iar i M«aag Busy days for , he do™* store, pp^^^7
jfUtflJ ■ ' v ""»'^' w*^« BLAf . K ■,; }lE v,,-i T -- S »hoi. lot « ff.^i ,^< ,j'.^"° '""" §7 .50 and good reasons too. Here's ,i tip. fU=3 WKT^i
Made in cleanly factories by well- |SSSrSSaSI:VSf?* iS S^JKifS °" *— ~ '^ . 2400 BIG HUCK TOWELS. wjL,l-fflK.,/
m mad*' ||l||fl§|| SJ-SO c »S R S 01 --- S eV fffil IlE| *$SJ^JSM .'^*S*L I2JC ||||ffl|
l^iisli^ilJSpilii^l 50c K§ilil|»§- ?i ™» — jawjtfi, = »" ts; «4.50 |S^iSSSS!S^«-£v :! ; .»^ 90c
LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS, umbrella style, good heavy muslin. ' inches, hemmed ready for use '''':"^""'':A a ■ »uAf\~
deep cambric flounce, with. fi>,A-inch embroidery <jr 1 O^ ™ i n  , . 15 pieces TABLE DAMASK, bleached, 62 inches » mc :. an 4UC
ruffle on bottom, 3% yards wide, on sale tJ>I»-£O f^. >Qa I OWel KOliei*, 6OOQ |A linen, an elegant cloth lam
LADIES' WHITE CAMBRIC DRAWERS, extra wide., bell OST^-. If /'"" "''"'. ■ " . . "^1 n ~A 4. *. Oil . i_ \\\r 580 SHEETS BLEACHED, size Slx&O inches, for (' ollbl «44C
bottom, with five fine tucks, on sale Pair iDC 'tj^" """ """""""'" ' ,ri- nm ■■„, ■UUjJJ BV\Q StrOllg, 2,\\ inCH, lUv bed, perfect hem. good quality, ready for use Each « <•»
LADIES' GOWNS, fine soft-finished muslin, tucked and lace in- ~"~ NEW PERCALES, cases fust arrived, yard wide, pretty pat-
sertion, trimmed yoke, lawn ruffle and ■ lace-trimmed CAp terns for waists and wrappers, fresh and new, a Pe a» : r>C
neck and cuffs, regular value 7'ic, sale price Ul/C /*\ Crumb Tpay ing lot; ready to-day i ara ■***
LADIES' GOWNS, good heavy muslin, high neck, large sailor H «~n i c? /=» '^\^P/^. Ar.A 1t.,,,. U C 4. n ... «;neriallv interesting selling throughout the linen and towel sec-
LA collar with lawn ruffle, tuoked yoke, ruffled embroidery OQ-, House /Q*&\ And Brush Stove tlnn /n thw week BeUln * throughout the unen and ; towel "^
front, on sale Ot/C Al'/M' VA CJr' <£.f*4- ' '
LADIES' GOWNS, PRINCESS STYLE, fine cambric embroidery tSPOOITIS ■ (ZZi\ X) "^ OCU DnlSchin^ <-*«*£ XL T)*L.l. A^^.
yoke, turn-hack collar with lace edge, tucked and C> ] fkf\ J±£ZZ2ZZ^-K I „  , »^ VillOll 1 11 i* XAttiP MnfP Hi I iflft^ a ntnUOIIS
lace-trimmed cuffs, on sale tMtUU + /-» <^-^ZTIZ^\l Prettily lacquered Jap *=* jUIDw I'lUl 0 111 1 lIU3w l\lUl/UUJi
II \C \\ 1/ designs. The cut doesn't f\t* + 2i4- . -: , , ,„ •■ .■
c  v C v Clll ■ IV/V. V . v do it justice. VJULTIt You remember that lot last week? Well, another
Special News Some New Silks. On , __ -^_ _ 9 ready S-d ay . Enou^ said. Ll.^ I^l
r Only one to a cus- t^ O7 M 7 *M 7 V\C i iLv. wide 5c yard 2U inches wide 10c yard
NEW FOULARDS, one of New York's most popular Off tomer. #**&> ffl zi^fe#^^ W* i\i "ncheT wide:".:::" Re yard 2=i inches wide .12; .c yard
fabrics for street costumes. 24-inch, just arrived... Yard OOC _ . . /Mr /&/ stmffll ImLa /m&? iJrWi  i«, inches wide 10c yard 3% inches wide 12 2 c yard
FANCY CHECK TAFFETAS, especially adapted for shirt waists. Good, Strong floor mjM^^(S^^^^^ Heavy sheepskin 1% nches wide: lOcyard 4 inches wide 12',cyar,i
this lot came in late yesterday afternoon. 20-lnch, readyya;^ brooms-worth a M^^^coo^^ stove mit and pack- Mostly moire or plain taffeta. This invoice was picked up re-
to-das Yard iOC oroom>— wortn a -*^J*OQjb oooq?*^ stove mit and pack- cen uy in New Yorit.
satin-stkife taffeta, a popular novelty in t.ew blues, quarter Better Q^TolrMaTw qtrPAt age of Enameline The new catalogue ready. Send one to your
browns, greens, heliotropes, etc., 20-inch fi> 1 ChCS. nQ7 C\A 1 lVTnnlr/%4- O+«/>«+ t-iiaiiicuuc Inc new waic* w^. w «
: Yard 91.Z0 come early. yoZ-y^/ marKet btreet. Polish country friends. Mailed tree.
WOULD RATHER DANCE THAN
WEAR A ROYAL CORONET
Fascinating .May
Jiengler Turns
Down a .Noble
Prince.
THE fetching, fascinating Hengler
sisters now dancing- their way
into the affections of the critical
Orpheum audiences are marvels in
many more ways than those which
strictly appertain to their graceful
art.
Both of the gifted young dancers
have been petted by Boclety and made
much of by royalty; both have been
applauded by the representative au
dlencea of J,ondon, Paris and Berlin;
both have forged their way, unaided.
save by the pluck and grit of a watch
ful mother and the force of their un
qualified talents, to the front rank in
their own peculiar line. May, the
elder, has refused, politely but firmly,
to wear the coronet of the royal Rus
sian house, and little Flora has
nodded "Nay, nay," to numberless
Johnnies who guarded the stage door.
In spite of all these dazzling atten
tions, both the Rirls are sweet and
Pimple -little Americans, free from the
afflicting taint of adulation, loyal to
their country and faithful to their art.
In the East the pretty sisters are
known as the favorites of fashionable
drawing-room entertainments, and in
the JGuropean capitals as the "trans
oceanic beauties." In New York the
name Hengler sisters invariably
brings to mind Commodore Gerry, and
every Gothamite is familiar with the
relentless warfare waged between
Gerry and the Henglers.
FLAMES DAMAGE THE
OLD POODLE DOG
CHINESE LAUNDRY AND A TAIL
ORING SHOP ALSO RUINED.
Fire last night wrecked the two-story
frame building at 322,. 324 and 326 Grant
avenue. The lower portion was occupied
by Wo Lee as a laundry and H. Zimmer
man's tailoring establishment. The upper
portion was a seven-room annex to the
Poodle Dog restaurant.
When the blaze .was first noticed at a
j Hales.
Mrs. Hengler told the story of how
Gerry forced her and her children
from their own State to seek more
congenial shorts and ultimately and
all unexpectedly to win fame and for
tune abroad. While the devoted
mother told the tale "the girls," as
she affectionately styles her gifted
daughters, listened closely, laughing
merrily a"s she recalled incidents of
difficulties surmounted and looking
tearful and serious as she- proudly
told of their triumphs. •'-■.
"The girl? danced at all the draw
ing-room entertainments of any note
in New York City," said Alre. Hen-
gler. "They were the main attraction
at parties given by Mrs. Grover
Cleveland . and had also the honor of
dancing at the lawn party given by
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs when her sister.
Miss Virginia Fair, now Mrs. W. K.
Vanderbilt, made her social debut.
They took part in all the affairs of the
Vaudeville Club, that was composed
exclusively of the very swell set.
Commodore Gerry usf <1 to see and en
joy them at all these entertainments.
but no amount of persuasion any of
our patrons could bring to bear could
make him consent to allow them to
appear in public.
"When May was 16 Gerry lost all
say over her, but she would not ap
pear without her sister Flora, who is
nearly three years her junior. 'If I
can't go on until Flora is 16, why. I
shall be an old woman,' said May, and
then I took the advice of friends and
went abroad with the girls. I had let
few minutes after 11 o'clock flames were
shooting from all parts of the rickety
wooden structure. The Chinese gathered
together such of their goods as they could
lay their hands on and carried them into
the street. There were but a half dozen
guests in the Poodle Dog. and these also
?f a ?.i a teS rried exit - followed by a bevy
or waiters. _
Just where and how the fire started is a
question of veracity between a Chinaman
and a Frenchman. Wo Lee says he first
observed the flames shooting out of the.
kitchen of the restaurant, and A. Gaud
ard, proprietor of the rotisserie, claims
the blaze started in the washhouse.
Shortly after the alarm was sounded one
of the; Chinese employed in the laundry
mads the statement that, a, lama had
I Hales.
ters to the best people in London and
also to the managers of th<=- Alhambra.
1 went to the manager with the girls.
They danreri. they conquered, and be
fore I knew what we were doing I had
signed them for a three month?' en
gagement. From London the girls
went to Paris, where they filled a
wonderfully successful engagement at
thp Folies Bergeres; then pn to Berlin,
Wiesbaden, Leipsic Geneva and then
bark again to London and Paris. '
The story of the adventures the
pretty American girls met with while
abroad are interesting in the extreme.
In Wiesbaden Prince Galitzin, of the
reigning house of Russia, fell a will
ing victim to the charms of the fas
cinating May. He followed her from
city to city and finally formally de
clared his passion and offered the be
witching dancer his heart, his home
and his coronet.
"Nay, nay!" said May.
"I'm a prince." argued Galitzin.
"I'm an American," retorted May,
"and a plain American gentleman is
going to be good enough for me."
Miss May, when she is not refusing
the offers of princes, gives her spare
time to the financial affairs of the
tirm in which she is one-half of the at
traction. She "books" herself and sis
ter, attends to the contracts and keeps
the books of the company. In a neat
ly ruled ledger every cent gained and
expended is carefully accounted for,
and the credit side of the balance
sheets shows $22,000, all earned by the
clever "girls."
| been accidentally overturned, and this is
j generally accepted as the cause,
i T. h . arrini Tf. ni n , A i, Ki,. „ » „ • j
$3^ c "Th? building wn, nIH ?2a c ? Ceerl
worthless c Mr Gjfudlrd vai,,?, d tl f lmost
' ni 8 hi n KS o f his' rboms at ahom jrm 6 nST"
Chinese «°ived \Ti v lit ti, fmn tn ? hii
Sffflswaa l^
fire and water. The main building of thp
i Poodle Dog was slightly damaged by
i smoke and water *"««*Bea Dy
I
Sarsfleld Rheumatic Remedy is an ab
solute cure for Inflammatory Rheuma
tism. No remedy has been so uniformly
successful. For sale by all druggists, ♦
I Hales. I
INCORPORATION
OF A GIGANTIC
TRUST COMPANY
Moneyed Men Hold
the Valuable Stock.
A CAPITAL OF ONE MILLION
ORGANIZED TO DO A GENERAL
BANKING BUSINESS.
The "Mercantile Trust Company of
San Francisco" Enters the
Field With Strong
Backers.
There were filed in the County Clerk"s
office yesterday articles of incorporation
of what promises to be one of the largest
trust institutions ever organized in the
Its name is given as the "Mer
cantile Trust Company of San Fran' .
and its capital stock is valued hi $1,0
The gentlemen who compose the gigan
tic corporation are famous in The world
of finance and business circles, the di
rectors for the flrsi year being: William
Babcock. George ( rocker, Warren D.
Clark, IU. H. Hecht, E. W . Hopkins. W.
G. Irwin. D. O. Mills, James D. Phelan,
N. D. KM. Mit, Claus tipreckels and Fred
erick W. Zeile.
According to the articles of incorpora
tion the company was organized to do a
general trusi and safe deposit a.nd inci
dentally a banking business for a term of
fifty years. There are sixty stockholders
in the corporation holding in the aggre
gate 10.0UO shares at a par value ot $10.}
each. It Is the/purpose of the directors,
to immediately call in 50 per cent of the
capital and in ten days open up tem
porary quarters in the Mills building.
The initial meeting of the new company
will be held some time next week, when
officers will be elected.
A director in the company stated last
evening that the formation of the com
pany was due to the anticipated growth
of the State and the large n'eld for such
a business. He also said that the cor
poration would not remain long in its
temporary quarters in the Mills building
as steps would immediately be taken to
purchase a suitable site on which a per
manent home for the bank could be
erected.
The articles of incorporation were pre
pared by Messrs. Morrison and Cope, at
torneys for the trust company
Real Estate Owners.
The regular meeting of the Real Estate
Owners" Association was held last even
ing at the office of A. M. Speck & Co
667 -Market street. Applications for mem
berßhip.were received from John B Car
son, 1927 Geary street; James D. Phelan,
Phelan building; Dr. C. A. Clinton. Twen
ty-first and Howard streets; John D. Sie
pe, ll\i bacramento street; Charles L.
Tut. vi. 2500 Broadway; Frank \V. Butter
neld, o4n Shrader street. A resolution
01 thanks was adopted and ordered sent
to the Supervisors for their action in re
ducing gas rates. Professor William T.
\\enzell, formerly City Chemist, ad
dressed the members as to artesian wells
a ,t Oolden Gate Park and under the new
t ny Hall. Discussions were had on elec
tric lighting and the park panhandle, af
ter which the meeting adjourned.
The Daughter Wins.
Judge CofTey has handed down his find
ings of fact and conclusions of law in
the matter of the estate of the late Julia
A. Moraghan and rinds that owing to t In
habits of one of decedent's son's. .Linus
B. Moraghan, he has lost his right to
nominate an administrator, and conse
quently the court appointed decedent's
daughter. Elsie Moraghan, t<> admfnisti r
the estate.
Collided With a Skater.
Mrs. Ann Cullin, ins Lily .ivonur. was
turning the corner of PrankliU and Vw\
ton streets yesterday afternoon, when a
boy on roller Bkates rushing down Frank
lin struck her ;ui<l knocked her down.
She was taken t.> the Receiving Hospital
where it w;is found thai her right i^e
was fractured. The boj « [, bul
released, as the occurrence tru purelj ac«
cldental.
Ladles' tailor-made tulU, fur capef, cloaks
;reOK. M. WptlnchUCl, Si; Buuer, r^)p« I*l. '
Hales.
3-Day Specials !
Our specials are notable be-
cause they show each week
where the cheapest buying
of reliable goods can be done.
WHITE WINE, *a 1... :.40c
A delicious old table
wine. Regular price. 75c.
PINE-APPJ.£, 3-lb. tin 20c
Finest quality of
Singapore whole pineapple.
eyed and cored. Regular* price, 25c.
SPANISH SHERRY, qt. bot... 75c
Very rich, delicate and
fruity. Regular price, $1 00.
CLIVh OIL. Santa Barbara qts 70c
For salads and pts -40c
medicinal purposes.
Guaranteed absolutely pure.
Regular price, Sic and 50c.
SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUITS,
A health food tor pk£ 12 l-2c
weak stomachs.
Regular price, inc.
WHISKEY, bot. 75c, 3 bots $2.00
Gallon $3.00
, E. C. Berry Bourbon, Spring '90.
Regular price, $1 00 and $4 00.
WASHING POWDER, 8 pkgs...2oe
Babbitt's '76 great
labor saving washing powder.
Regular price. 6 for. 25c.
Telephone and If ail Orders Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152. ;
L* 0 * "T : **^^ J iilr ''• i~f *Ti^iii>iriiii.iiii t liiniiWtirirrfTii**<iii«*'n *• ~*'^Z^
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. !
' I Special This Week ai pa I
|tabourettesoliOU
, n ■ IN OAK OR MAHOGANY.
Our time is yours to show the goods. !
Your time is ours for payment. That is 1
the advantage of credit. J
THE J. NOON AN
Furniture Company,
\ i 1017-1023 MISSION STREET s
'. (3bove Sixth). ■
1 Phone, South 14. Open Evenings. 1
i 9 ■ J.UL.IILLIIIIIII..I _-L I 5
Painless Dentistry,
B Crowns - - $3.50
Crowns - - $3.50
SSi ■ w
Rk ALL WORK
WARRANTED.
J CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
. 248lxth St., Cor. Stevenson.
lEf gen \K .' Cj ML JP'jUUfc.'Jl fc-W^ ■? JBj KjJ nfaJ fs t^fSj J|