VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 96.
NATIVES IN
AMBUSH FIRE
ON AMERICANS
Engineer Winship Badly
Wounded While Lead
ing Landing Party.
General Otis Confers With Com
missions on the Situation in
the Philippines.
MANTLA, March s.— While a number of men of a boat's crew In charge
of Assistant Engineer Emery Winship of the gunboat Bennington were
attempting to land a gatling gun at Malabon yesterday they were
! upon by some natives who were in ambush near by. All the
shots went wild with the exception of one, which hit Engineer Winship, in
flicting a serious wound.
Natives have burned the village of Pena Francia, near Paco.
General Otis to-day visited Professors Pchurman and Worcester, mem
bers of the United States Philippine Commission, who arrived yesterday on
the i ■ Itimore from H-ongkong. They discussed at length the situa
tion here and elsewhere in the Archipelago.
Private Overton of the Twenty-second Infantry died on Thursday.
MANILA. March 6. 10:30 a. m.— ln
the last two days there has been a very
noticeable change in Manila for the bet
ter, probably due to the arrival of rein
vents for the American troops.
Numbers of people are seen upon the
streets and the amount of business
transacted in the stores has marvelous
ly increased, yesterday the Luneta
was blocked with carriages for the first
time since the outbreak, and the band
of the Twentieth regulars played a
number of airs, and it was hard to be
lieve that a state of war existed.
the city there was desultory
firing throughout the day, and at va
- points the sharpshooters were
annoying. At San Pedro Macate
the rebels are very active erecting
Intrenchmenta in front of the position
led by the Washington troops, al
though a two-gun battery of the Sixrh
artillery repeatedly shelled them. The
. are fully aliv.- to the fact that
Mausers have a much longer range
than Pprii ntinuously
takincr "p I ts" In comparative
• rnerican soldiers dislike
this passive resistance and are eager
;ient of an active cam
paign.
3plte the heat, thf» health of the
men in the trenches has improved re
markably.
The maritime ste?.mer El Cano has
arrived from Iloilo with advices that
all is auiet there and that business is
brifk. The natives in the interior, the
er reports, axe- levying upon the
supplies In the hands of the natives
and seriously interfering with the work
upon the plantations.
NEEDS SMALL VESSELS
TO CATCH FILIBUSTERS
NEW YORK, March 5.— A "Washing
ton special to the Herald says: The
necessity of suppressing filibustering
itions is the cause of Admiral
Dewey asking that th^ Navy Depart
ment send him more vessels of a light
draught. On account of the number
of the Philippine islands the natives
are able to transport from the Asiatic
coast a large quantity of munitions of
war in small schooners. Admiral Dewey
wants a large number of- warships at
sposal which can follow such yes r
Eels into shallow water. The Wheel
BUILDINGS BLOWN
DOWN BY TORNADO
Three Persons filled, Many In
jured and a Dozer) Houses
Destroyed.
ATHENS, Term., March 5. — A tornado, about seventy yards wide,
struck a portion of Madisonvllle last night, killing three persons, wound
ing ten or twelve others and completely destroying twelve or fifteen houses
and several barns, The killed are;
MR. AND MRS. JACK M< -SER.
ED. L. HORTON.
Wounded: Miss Willie Ervine, Miss Delia Mason, Mrs. E. L. Hortnn,
Mrs. L. A. Kohinsnn. Mr. L. A. Robinson, Hobert Robinson, Miss Rodg
ers, Mr. Moser, Professor Kdlin. ,
The Horton and Robinson residences are both complete wrecks, not
one timber being 1- ft above another. The escape of the inmates was
miraculous, some of th^m being blown a distance of a hundred yards and
only receiving sliglit biuines.
TV. F. Ervine's residence had one end torn away; Dillon Rodgers*
house is almost wrecked; Erskine Lowry's residence moved the distance
of ten feet and was almost wrenched out of shape. Telephone and tele
graph wires are blown down and all communication shut off.
The storm came up with alarming suddenness and swept everything
in its path. It was accompanied by a terrible roar. Frightened inhabit
ants rushed for their cellars and places of safety. In the country great
damage was done to orchards and crops by the wind and hail that fol
lowed. It is reported that further casualties resulted in outlying rural
districts, but no particulars have been received.
Jack Biose* met a horrible deat.h He was hurled a distance of 700
yards, until hia progress was impeded by a wire fence, which completely
Severed his head from the body. The 12-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Moser escaped.
In addition to the loss of life and destruction of residence property
many barns were swept away and stock killed. The woodworking and
milling plant of J. H. Burleson, containing costly machinery, was dam
aged. Most crt the damaged property Is uninsured.
At upper East Tennessee points heavy rains did untold damage to
crops and it is conservatively estimated that this torrent, coupled with
the recent freeze and bad weather, will mean a loss of $1,000,000 to farmers
In that section.
The San Francisco Call.
ing has already started for Manila and
the Vixen will go by the last of this
month. The department may send
others.
The authorities were glad to hear
that General Law ton would arrive at
Manila about March 10, as he will then
be put in control of military opera
tions, thus giving General Otis an op
portunity to aid the Philippine Commis
sion as well as take care of many ques
tions constantly arising. After General
Lawton"s arrival one of the brigadier
generals at Manila will probably be sent
t<> Iloilo to relieve General Miller, who
will go on the retired list March 27.
OTIS REPORTS ARRIVAL
OF TRANSPORT OHIO
WASHINGTON, March s.— The War
Department to-day received a dispatch
from Genera Otis concerning the ar
rival of the transport Ohio at Manila,
as follows:
"MANILA, March 5. — Transport Ohio
arrived to-day. One casualty. Private
Overton, Company O. Twenty-s< / nd
Infantry, died 2d inst., spinal menin
gitis."'
SPANISH DESERTERS
ON FRENCH FRONTIER
MADRID. March F>.— The Carlists are
showing signs of reviving activity. A
band of 2000 deserters from the Spanish
army is now gathered near the French
frontier, refusing to return to Spain,
although the men have been pardoned.
Carlist demonstrations. It is reported,
have taken place at Valencia, but no
details are procurable here.
Germany is said to have renewed the
negotiations for the purchase of the
Caroline Islands.
SILVELA TO ATTEMPT
SWEEPING REFORMS
MADRID, March s.— The Cabinet
council to-day decided to suppress the
pensions of all former Ministers. Senor
Silvpla, the new Premier, says the Gov
ernment has begun at the top In set
ting an example of economy.
Admiral Camara having declined the
post of Minister of Marine Senor Sll
vela tendered, it to Admiral Gomoz
Imaz, who has accepted.
Senor Sagasta has promised Senor
Continued nn Second Pa^e.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
GIRLS CATCH A BURGLAR
AFTER A LIVELY CHASE
SANTA CRUZ, March 6.— Mis* Ma
mie Mirandl Is the heroine of the
hour In Santa Cruz, and from Bun
up to-day till dark the plucky young
lady has been receiving the congratu
lations of friends and neighbors on "her
remarkable feat of bravery yesterday,
■when she encompassed the capture of
a burglar whom she detected in the act
of robbing the home of A. Jennings,
in the residence portion of the city. It
was an act of daring seldom dupli
cated by one of the fair sex in any city
in any land, and all Santa Cruz is
proud of pretty Miss Mirandi. Three
other young ladies who assisted in the
pursuit and capture of the culprit are
coming in for their share of praise.
They displayed the inherent grit of Cal
ifornia girls, and in a manner not often
equaled for its daring.
The Jennings family was away from
home yesterday. It resides at the cor
ner of Clay street and Broadway. The
Mlrandl homo Is about 100 yards from
that of Jenning-s, with no hou.se be
tween. It was at about 4 o'clock in the
afternoon, and Miss Mirandi was sit
ting by the bedside of a. sick brother.
She chanced to look out of the window
and saw a well dressed man walking
around the Jennings dwelling and look
ing into the windows. A little later
she saw the shadow of a man pass the
window on the Inside of the neighbor's
home.
"There is a burglar in that house,"
said the young lady to her brother.
With gTit and bravery not often dis
played by one of the fair sex. the girl
ran to the Jennings home. The front
door was found to be open, as the in
truder had gained an entrance by pry
CHINA REFUSES TO YIELD
TO THE DEMANDS OF ITALY
PEKING March s.— The Tsung-11-Yamen (Chinese Foreign Office) has
returned to the Italian Charge d'Affaires, Marquis Sal v ago Raggo, his
dispatch containing the demand of the Italian Government for a lease
on Ran Mun Bay, on the same conditions as those under which Ger
many holds Kiaochau Bay, accompanying It wtth a letter declaring that the
Chinese Government is unable to granf the request.
The demand of the Italian Government of a ninety-nine years' lease on
San Mun Bay, province of Che Kang, as a coaling station and naval base,
Included also a demand for the concession of throe islands off the coast of
Che Kang, with the right to construct a railroad from San Mun Bay to Po-
Yang Lake and to preferential and railroad and mining privileges within a
sphere of influence covering the southern two-thirds of Che Rang province.
According to a dispatch to the Associated Press from Peking last Fri
day the action of the Italian Government had caused great excitement
there not only among the Chinese, but also among the foreign diplomats,
the Chinese' being convinced that Great Britain was chiefly responsible for
the demand and that it had been made to emphasize Great Britain's dis
pleasure at the turn which the northern railroad question had taken.
The representative of the great power, according to the same dispatch,
was" reported to have said that the moment had arrived for international
control of China and it was also asserted that if the policy of "spheres of
RIVERS OVERFLOW BANKS.
CHARLESTOWN W. VA. SUBMERGED
CHARLESTOWN, W. Va., March s.— The Kanawha Valley waa visited
to-day by one of the worst floods in local history. After several days
of heavy rainfall the Kanawha Elk River, in an unprecedented short
time, has covered almost the entire valley. Charlestown is almost en
tirely under water, four feet surrounding the State Capitol. The Mayor and
leading citizens have opened a relief station and are distributing provis
ions and clothing among the suffering. Considerable damage has been
caused to the local coal property and a dozen barges swept away. The
Black Cat coal tipple, near the east bank, was destroyed. To-night the
water works, both gas plants and the electric light works are shut down
and the city is in darkness. Hundreds of families are quartered in the Capi
tol Courthouse and other buildings. Much distress prevails. For a consid
erable distance the Kanawha and Michigan Railway, between here and
Point Pleasant, is under water, and it will be four or five days before traffic
is resumed. The indications, however, are that to-night the flood has
reached its height and will commence to fall by morning.
CINCINNATI, March s.— During the last two days there lias been a
heavy rainfall, principally so-uth and east of the Ohio River, extending
from below the Kentucky River up to Morgantown, W. Va. To-night two
thirds of Charlestown, W. Va., is under water. The river at that point at this
writing is forty-one feet and two-fifths of an inch, which equals the highest
previous record at that point. The United States engineer says it will likely
reach one foot higher, making forty-two feet arid two-fifths of an inch. On
the north side of the Kentucky the streams are full, but not dangerous.
\bove Parkersburg to the source of the river the streams are high, but
not at all dangerous to the extent of those in West Virginia and Kentucky.
The Weather Bureau at this point sent out to-nigrht danger signals to Point
Pleasant, Catlettsburg and Portsmouth. The heaviest rise Is In the Great
ing off the lock of the door with a burglar was emptying burpau drawers
chisel, which he afterward threw away and overhauling them thoroughly In
and which was subsequently found, search of valuables.
She ran through the parlor and sittlnp When she confronted the man Miss
room right into the room where the Mirandi stamped her foot and ex-
influence" was to be inaugurated the United States would doubtless have
a say in the matter, with the probable preference for the province of Ctii-Li.
ROM K, March s.— Little attention is paid here trr the refusal of the Chi
nese Government to grant the requested lease of San Mun Bay, to be used
as a naval base and coaling station. No doubt is -entertained that the con
cession will be made after further negotiations. Rear Admiral Grenet em
barked to-day on the Italian cruiser Stromboli at Naples to take command
of the Italian squadron in Chinese waters.
LONDON, March 5. — The Rome correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
The Italian warships have landed marines at San Mun Bay, thus virtually
takfng possession. Ttaly will pay nearly £80,nno for the concession. The
Tsung-li-Yamen wishes to reduce the lease to fifty years.
According to the Peking correspondent of the Times the Tsung-li-Ya
men supports Great Britain against the protest of the Russian Government
regarding the terms of the Niu Chwang Railroad extension loan, recently
subscribed in London, the ground of Russia's objection being that the clause
appointing a British subject chief engineer of the lfne is in conflict with the
Russo-Chinese agreement.
The Peking correspondent of the Times says: It is asserted that since
the Tsung-li-Yamen returned Italy's dispatch Sir Claude Macdonald, British
Minister to China, has presented a note supporting Italy's demand, and it is
probable that Italy will now take possession of San Mun Bay, encountering
practically no resistance.
Kanawha, but the Little Kanawha, the Big Sandy, the Licking and the Ken
tucky rivers are pouring in tremendous floods. Nothing yet has been heard
from the Tennessee and the Cumberland, but from reports of the rainfall in
the watershed of the rivers it is presumed that they are keeping pace with
the rivers above them on the left bank of the Ohio. A saving clause in the
situation is the fact that everywhere south and east of the Ohio River the
weather to-night is windy, clear and cold. Still another condition favorable
to a comparatively slight flood in the Ohio is the fact that during the
warm weather of the ten days preceding this storm all the snow was melted
in the mountains and the floods there have been carried well down the river.
At all points on the Ohio River from Gallipolis down to the Kentucky
River the Ohio is rising. At Catlettsburg, where the Big Sandy comes in,
it is highest, forty-nine feet, and rising six inches an hour. There seems to
have been a trough of very heavy rainfall in West Virginia between the base
of the Alleghanies and the Ohio River. At Cincinnati the river was forty
eight feet at 9 o'clock to-night and has been rising three inches per hour for
the last fifteen hours. Unless the floods in the Tennessee and Cumberland
Rivers should prove much greater than anticipated and thus cause back
water the maximum stage here at Cincinnati will probably not exceed fifty
six feet. Should it reach that stage it will stop cars from running into the
Union Central Station, which will be a comparatively slight embarrassment.
No other roads here will be affected in the slightest by the stage of the river.
This prediction is based on the presumption that the weather will remain
fair for four or five days. __
RICHMOND, Va., March s.— The water in the James River is up twenty
nine feet at Columbia and is still rising. There is a heavy flush here and
fears are entertained of a disastrous flood to-morrow when the up-country
waters come down.. Merchants In the lower part of the city are removing
their goods. . ...
claimed:
"Get out! What are you doing?"
She then ran out of the house and
cried "Thief! Burglar!" and contin
ued to the home of Mrs. George Heard
on the next corner. Mrs. Heard was
hurriedly informed of the burglary and
telephoned for the Chief erf Police.
After Miss Mirandi left the Jennings
house the burglar fled. Three girls who
reside on Clay street— Hattie Fitzslm
mons, Olive Twombly and Bessie
Twombly— who had heard Miss Miran
di's cries, started in pursuit of the man,
Mis? Mirandi joining them after emerg
ing from the Heard home. They kept
close at the burglar's heels, running
from Clay street on Broadway to Riv-
erside avenue, down Riverside avenue
to Barson street and from Barson to
the Cnt Bias bridge. There the fellow
ran plump into the arms of Charles
Fitzsimmons and was captured. Chief
of Police Rawle was soon on the spot,
and within fifteen minutes after hav
ing first been detected the burglar was
in jail.
The fellow protests that he is inno
cent, but his story carries no weight,
as all the young ladies identify him.
In fact, after he was first detected he
never was lost to sight. He refused to
give his name to Sheriff Bess.
The culprit is a man of good appear
ance, has a smooth face and ruddy
complexion and was very well dressed.
On his person were found burglar tools
and two discharges from ships. One,
in the name of Thomas Dickson, was a
discharge from the ship Ventura, dated
at New York; the other, with the name
Harold Diekman, was dated at Hong
kong and was a discharge from the
ship Bedston Hill.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
EXPLOSION
OF A NAVAL
MAGAZINE
La Goubrana, France, the
Scene of a Terrible
Disaster.
MANY SOLDIERS KILLED
Force of the Ignited Powder Felt
Long Distances and the Coun
try Swept Bare Within
a Radius of Two
Miles.
SpeclaJ Dispatch to Th* Call.
TOULON. March 5.— The naval
magazine of La Gouhrana, be
tween Lazyne and Toulon, in the
department of Var, Southern
France, exploded at 2:30 o'clock this
morning 1 . All of the soldiers on duty at
the magazine were killed and a number
of inhabitants of the district buildings,
which were razed, also fell victims.
Forty corpses have already been recov
ered. The cause of the explosion is
not known.
Fifty thousand kilogrammes of black
powder exploded. It looks as though
a volcanic eruption hafi occurred, the
country being swept almost bare within
a radius of two miles, houses destroyed,
trees overturned and distorted, fields
devastated and covered with stones and
impalpable black dust.
Some of the stones are enormous. One
weighing fifty kilogrammes fell in the
suburb of Pone de Las. Signs of the
explosion are evident in all the suburbs
of Toulon and in the city itself. Even
at St. Jean de Var, five miles distant,
windows were shattered and doors bat
tered in.
Later reports show that of the seven
sentries four were killed outright and
the others severely injured, the corporal
being literally scalped and the scalp
overhanging his face like a veil.
A large number of soldiers are now
I employed in clearing away the debris,
■ but the work is very difficult.
!' It is impossible to ascertain accurate
; ly the number killed, but it is believed
i that no fewer than a hundred -were
I injured.
Although it was a. clear night, the
I explosion was so terrific as to produce
a slight rainfall.
Fortunately the neighboring rmaga
zines escaped. It is now believed that
the explosion originated in chemical
decomposition in smokeless powder.
j There is no suggestion of foul play.
To-day the whole city is in mourning,
flags are at half-mast, the theaters are
draped and the casinos closed.
Both the government and municipal
authorities are forwarding relief funds.
M. Lockeroy, Minister of Marine, has
telegraphed 10,000 francs toward the
maintenance of the families of the vic
tims, and a public subscription has
been opened here.
Four of the injured have succumbed
to their injuries. It is believed that
fifteen are still buried in the debris.
All the bodies found or recovered are
terribly mutilated. Sixteen were found
in the rocks near the shore and it is
feared that others were precipitated
into the sea. A vehicle moving along
the road near the sea was lifted bodily
into the water by the force of the ex
plosion, two of its occupants being
drowned. The scene at the village of
La Goubrana was appalling.
Telegrams from Nice say the ex
plosidn was distinctly felt there.
TERRIBLE ACCIDENT
TO A CAR BUILDER
Made Into a Human Roller B»-
tween a Coach and a Door
Jamb.
SAUSALITO. March s.— Daniel Whaley,
a car builder in the employ of the North
Pacific Coast Railway Company, was the
victim of a terrible accident yesterday af
ternoon which will probably cost him his
life. The accident was of a peculiar na
ture and due to carelessness on the part
of Whaley.
A train was pulling out of the shops ana
Whaley jumped on the rear of a coach to
deposit a nackage before the coach
emerged from the doorway. He was
caught between the coach and the door
way and literally made into a human roll
er Four ribs and a collarbone were brok
en and severe internal injuries were re
ceived by the unfortunate man. As the
train left the doorway he dropped to the
ground and was carried by his Fellow em
ployes to his home, where Drs.. Maya and
Crumpton rendered medical assistance.
Whaley has steadily grown worse, an*
thi<* evening Dr. Wickman was summoned
from San Rafael. The unfortunate man
is married and has two children.
BATTLES WITH BURGLARS.
Policeman Probably Fatally Shot and
Clubbed.
LOWELL. Mass.. March s.— As a result
of an encounter with two burglars, whom
he surprised while they were attempting
to crack a safe in the office of Scannell
& Wholley. at midnight last night. Officer
John F. Healy is probably dying from
three bullet wo«nd3 and a terribly bat
tered head. After shooting and beating
Hoaly. the burglars relieved him of his
handcuffs, club, revolver watch and $50
in bills They then made tneir escape.
Burglar Fatally Wounded.
BRADFORD, Pa., March s.— Thomas
Nolan, aged 18 years, son of a well known
oil producer, was shot and probably fa
tally wounded last night while trying to
effect an entrance into the house of
former Senator Lewis Emery, whose fam
ily is out of town. The shooting was done
by J. M. Houghton, who was guarding the
house.
Esterhafcy's Revelations.
LONDON, March S.— The Dally Chron
icle this morning publishes another in
stallment of alleged revelations by Comte
Ferdinand Esterhazy as to his relations
■with the French general staff. It add*
but little to what was already known.
Comte Esterhazy himself i» In ParU.2
A BIG VOTE FOR
THE GRANT FAMILY
EXPECTED TO-DAY
D. S. and Jesse Will Divide the Honors of
the Senatorial Ballot.
GROVE L. JOHNSON'S BLUFF FALLS FLAT
Even Burns Men Attach No Importance to the Wild Talk
of the Election of the Mexican Next Wednesday.
There Will Be No Extra Session.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March s.— There is talk to
night that Jesse D. Grant will get a
block of Democratic votes to-morrow.
The scheme to vote for Jesse was
hatched early in the session and for
several days it was whispered as a
profound secret that nearly all of the
Democrats would line up for him, and
in the end make a strong pull to get
supporters of his brother, U. S. Grant,
to join them. The plan was not dcc"mcd
practical, as many members doubted
whether Jesse D. Grant was a resident
of California. However, the Grant fam
ily will poll a bigger vote than usual
to-morrow if the plans agreed upon to
night are not changed before the con
vention assembles.
The supporters of U. S. Grant are as
firm to-night as they have been at any
time since the balloting began. Indeed,
the claim is advanced that Grant is in
position to call into his camp three or
four new voter*, but is not inclined to
bring them in at this time, as a small
gain would not give him a decided ad
vantage and he does not care to take
any step at this time unless he takes a
decisive one.
The political Filipinos of the Burns
corral axe casting wistful glances at
the Grant column. The only explana
tion that can be given of Johnson's
remark that Burns would be chosen
Senator next Wednesday is based on
ihe hopes of those in the corral that
some of the Grant men will come out
and "vindicate" the "Colonel." Judge
Dibble, who is supposed to possess and
enjoy the confidence of Colonel Burns,
cannot give any explanation of John
son's prediction and does not seem to
attach any importance to the state
ment. Doubtless it was made as a bluff
to brace up the despondent touts.
Burns continues to hold daily confer
ences over the wire with his niastei,
Herrin, of the railroad company. The
long distance conversations take place
at Colonel "Wright's office, in the rail
road depot in this city. Herrin, in the
yvllCW building at San Francisco, is
daily advised as to the course of events
in the Legislature.
There has been raw work before in
California politics, but this discounts
NATIVES IN
AMBUSH FIRE
ON AMERICANS
Continued from First Page.
Bllvela the hearty support of the Lib
eral party on all national and dynastic
questions. The programme of Senor
Silvela includes protection to industry,
commerce and agriculture; thorough
reform in municipal and provincial ad
ministration; sweeping army reforms;
the formation of a really efficient navy,
with a fortification of the coasts and
general financial reorganization. The
Premier has already invited presidents
of chambers of commerce to concert
with the Government in the necessary
measures.
GERMANY SEEKS A
GOOD UNDERSTANDING
BERLIN, March s.— lt is taken here
that the Kaiser's appointment of Pr nco
Henry to command ihe cruiser squad
ron and the publication of the with
drawal of Admiral yon Dieflrich from
the Philippines is his Majesty's per
sonal expression of a desire to con
tribute the last link in the chain of a
good understanding, whirti he, as much
as Baron yon Bulow, considers it is
necessary should exist between, the
United States and Germany. His
Majesty is well aware of Admiral yon
Diedrich's overzealousness.
Following the same policy of concili
ation, the question of grievances of
American insurance companies will be
reheard,, and probably the petroleum
difference will be adjusted to place the
American oil on an equal footing with
Russian.
BERLIN, March 6.— A dispatch from
Manila announces that the American
authorities there have undertaken the
protection of German interests, and
that the cruiser Kaiserin Augusta has
left Manila Bay.
HAILS AMERICA'S ADVENT
AS A NEW POWER
LONDON, March s.— ln the introduc
tion of his new history of British India,
to be published to-morrow, Sir William
Wilson Hunter, former member of the
Indian Legislative Council and former
president of the Indian Education Com
mission, referring to the advent of the
United States as a colonizing power,
says:
"America starts upon her career of
Asiatic rule with an amplitude of re
sources and a sense of moral responsi
bility which no previous state of Chris
tendom brought to the work. In her
splendid and difficult task she will be
trammeled by no Portuguese inquisi
tion of the sixteenth century, nor by the
slave colonization of Holland In the
seventeenth, nor by the cynical rule for
gain of the rulers which, for a time,
darkened the British acquisition of In
dia in the eighteenth.
"The United States, in the govern
ment of their dependencies, will repre
sent the political conscience of the
nineteenth century. I hail their advent
ail previous performances in the polit
ical arena. It has come to this pass,
that a man aspiring to the high office of
United States Senator, to represent the
people of California and asking the
support of the Ilepublican members of
the Legislature, daily seeks his instruc
tions, n4* from the people or the repre
sentatives of the people, but from the
chief counsel of the Southern Pacific
Kailroad.
The best judges of the Senatorial sit
uation to-nipht predict that the Legis
lature will adjourn a week from next
Saturday. There is a belief that the
Burns touts will from this time on
fight to prevent the- choice of a Sen
ator. So far as Burns is concerned,
the handwriting is on the -.sail. Ho
cannot get a caucus, and without a cau
cus there is not the slightest chance of
his flection. It is extremely doubtful
if he could succeed with a caucus, but
as the majority of the Republicans in
the Legislature decided in the confer
ence that the party did not want a
caucus that settled the question.
There is some gossip concerning ad
journment next Saturday, but the
Speaker of the Assembly and leading
Senators figure that the session must
be prolonged another week. That view
is also expressed by Judge Dibble, who
is well advised as to the business on
hand and the length of time requ^-°d
to close up everything essential. It is
a settled fact that Governor Gage will
not call an extra session of the Legis
lature, no matter what happens.
Aft^r the arrival of the trains from
Pan Francisco to-night there was con
siderable talk ahout adjournment at
an earlier date than March IR. A de
termined effort may be made to-morrow
to fix an early time. Among the touts
i the threat is constantly made: "Burns
!cr no Senator." The supporters of
Barnes, Grant and Scott are fully de
termined that Burns shall not be
elected, and before the session ends
They may resolve to elect a Senator
despite the command of Burns to the
Cf ntrary.
"*Vhc n thn railroad paper here paradM
the Purns address as an ultimatum the
members of the Legislature who do not
take orders from Herrin accepted the
reference as a threat of the corpora
tion that no Senator should be chosen.
The old fight between the people and
the lallroad corporation seems to be on
again.
as a new power for good, not alone for
the island races coming under their
care, but also in that great settlement
of European spheres of influence in
Asia which, if we could see aright,
form the world problem of our day."
SOLDIER'S LIFE IS
SAVED BY A WOMAN
Wagon-Load of Human Freight Top
ples Over a Ten-Foot Em
bankment.
SAUSALITO, March s.— Two fractious
mules came near being responsiule for
some of Uncle Sam's men losing their
lives on the road between here and Fort
Baker this afternoon. The post wagon
was overturned and .rolled down a ten
foot embankment, severely injuring Pri
vate James Foley and Mrs. 'Williams, the
wife of Ordnance Sergeant Williams, and
bruising several others badly.
Eight soldiers, including Mrs. Williams
and her husband, were on their way to
the post. They met a team opposite the
powder magazine, a mile from town. They
• took the outer side, when a check broke
and the mules became unmanageable.
The wagon and team rolled over twice be
fore they reached the bottom of the em
bankment.' Foley's head was caught un
der the wagon box and would have been
crushed if Mrs. Williams' shoulder had
not sustained the weight of the wagon.
Foley was badly cut and bruised, Mrs.
! Williams' shoulder was bruised and her
left ankle sprained, while two soldiers
were knocked senseless.
KASKASKIA TUMBLES
INTO THE MISSISSIPPI
Change in the River Current Re-
moves All Trace of Illinois'
First Capital.
NASHVILLE, 111., March s.— By another
of those sudden shifts in current so com
mon to the -waters of the Mississippi
River, almost all of what little remained
of the historic town of old Kaskaskia, the
first settlement in the Mississippi Valley,
the first capital of the State of Illinois,
I and at one time the metropolis of the great
j Middle "West, was swept away to-day.
Ever since the change in the channel
of the Mississippi the ground upon which
the town stood has been crumbling away.
All the historic old' buildings, including
Governor Bond's mansion, ana the da
! State House, have tumbled into the river.
The few people who inhabited the tumbler
! down houses up to the present time were
I completely shut off from the outside
I world.
The remains of Berrlen Minard, the first
Lieutenant Governor of the State, which
rest in a vault of Italian marble, are ciose
to the river's edge, and but a few days
will elapse until the cemetery and the last
trace of the old town is obliterated.
SALE OF A MOUNTAIN.
: English Syndicate Buys Popocate
petl in Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, March 5.-, General
Gaspar S. Ochoa. owner of Popocatepetl,
has closed a deal for the Bale of that
volcanic mountain to a syndicate of Eng
lish capitalists. The price paid Is $260,
--000 in gold. The most extensive sulphur
deposit in the world is located irt the
crater of the volcano, and it is the inten
tion of the syndicate to build, a. cog
wheel railroad to the top of 'the mountain
in order to handle the product.
GRATITUDE OF TEXANS.
Indiana Legislature Thanked for the
Return of a Battle Flag.
AUSTIN, Tex., March s.— The House of
the Texas Legislature has adopted a reso
lution thanking the Indiana legislature
for returning to the Texas Terry Rang
ers the company flag captured by the In
diana regiment from the Rangers during
the Civil War. The resolution also in
vites the Governor of Indiana and his
staff and legislators to come to Texas and
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
BELGIUM'S QUEEN
SLOWLY SINKING
Owiog to a Serious Relapse the
Last Sacran)ent Is Ad
ministered.
BRUSSELS, March s.— Queen Marie Henriette, who has been suf
fering from broncho-pneumonia, had ■ a serious relapse at noon to-day.
Her physicians were in constant attendance throughout the afternoon
and early this evening the last sacrament was administered. At that
hour there seemed no- hope of recovery, but a bulletin at 10 o'clock this
evening showed a slight improvement and afforded a base for reviving
hope. All the members of the family have been summoned.
Queen Marie Henriette of Belgium, a daughter of the late Archduke
Joseph of Austria, was born August 23, 1836. She married King Leopold
II of Belgium, then a Belgium Crown Prince, on August 22, 1853. Leo
pold II ascended the throne on the death of King Leopold I, in Decem
ber, 1865. The King and Queen of Belgium have three children, all daugh
ters. The eldest, Princesse Louise, was married to Prince Philip of Saxe-
Coburg and Go-tha. She recently separated from her husband and is
said to be mentally deranged. The second daughter, Princess Steph
anie, married the late Archduke Rudolph of Austria, the imperial
Prince, who committed suicide on January 30, 1889. The third daughter
is Princess Clementine, now in her twenty-seventh year.
be honored guests at a puhllc function to
be given by the Legislature to mark the
return of the flag to the Terry Rangers.
The invitation was wired them and action
as to the reception will be deferred until
such time as they can visit Texas.
WATSON CHALMERS
CALLED BY DEATH
Passing at Chico of One of the Pio
neer Newspaper Men of
California.
CHICO, March s.— Watson Chalmers,
editor of the Chico Daily Enterprise, died
at 3:20 o'clock this morning. He was one
of the oldest und most widely known
newspaper men on the coast.
Chalmers learned the printer's trade in
Leith, Scotland, sixty-two years ago. He
came to the United States in 1853, and
worked for a time on the New York Trib
une, but after the gold discoveries in Cali
fornia he came to this State in 1554. In
MEXICAN DAN: "If They Won't Send Me to Washington I'm Blamed if I'll Let Them
Send Any One Else,"
1857 he was established as manager of the
Red Bluff Beacon, since which time he
has been actively engaged in newspaper
work in the State. He came to Chico in
18(57,' and has since resided here. He leaves
one daughter, Mrs. M. V. Loy, and two
granddaughters— Misses May and Robina
Loy.
ICE BREAKS UP IN
THE UPPER HUDSON
The Result Is a Flood at Troy Which
Threatens to Be Dis
astrous.
TROY. X. V., March s.— The ice in the
upper Hudson, the Mohawk and the Hos
sick River broke up to-night after several
days' thaw and a warm rain. The result
is a flood at this point and north of here
which threatens to be disastrous. The ice
is heavy and at Mechanicsvllle has formed
a gorge of great strength.
The back-up caused by this gorge has
submerged all adjoining lowlands and the
roadways are under water. Between this
city and Albany the ice became wedged in
Schuyler Creek and the mouth of Dry
River running through Watervllet.
Streets have been flooded in the latter
place and the Albany City Railway
tracks between Menands and Watervliet
are submerged, making it possible to use
but one track.
The docks along the river front here
are under water and the indications are'
that the freshet will reach the highest
point in many_y£arß^
JAILED AT STOCKTON.
John Tannin Wanted by the Police
of Santa Cruz.
STOCKTON, March s.— John Tannin is
In jail here on a felony charge. He was
arrested at midnight by Deputy Sheriff
Wall in compliance with a requisition of
the Sheriff's office of Santa Cruz. The
officers here are unaware of the nature of
the charges, but were notified that a war
rant had been issued and an officer would
arrive on Monday to take the prisoner
back.
Tannin formerly was a salesman here.
Rumor has it he so forgot his obligations
as a married man as to deceive a young
lady in that city.
SALE OF STEEL WORKS.
Pennsylvania Plant Now Idle Will
Soon Be Reopened.
CHESTER, Pa., March s.— The "Well
man Steel 'Works at this city have been
sold to a syndicate of capitalists repre
sented by .Frank Samuel, a Philadelphia
broker. A. C. Crozer, the Upland manu
facturer, is the principal stockholder. It
is the purpose, it is said, to start the
plant, which is one of the largest in the
United States. The works cover a large
area in the ponthern portion of the city.
At one time 1000 men were employed. Mr.
Samuel is interested in foreign ore im
porting from Cuba, and is a blast furnace
man. It is thought that a new line of
special material will be manufactured.
WAGES ADVANCED.
Pennsylvania and West Virginia
Laborers Made Happy.
PHILADELPHIA. March s.— The wages
of all day laborers in the tin plants of
the Newcastle district have been advanced
from 5 to 10 per cent. The advance will
affect between 1200 and 1500 men.
The Reese-Hammond Manufacturing
Company at Jeanette has . advanced
the wages of its 250 employes from 5 to
20 per cent, and the Williamsport Nail
Company has made a 10 per cent advance.
WHEELING, W. Va,, March s.—Com
mencing March 12 a 10 per cent increase
of wages goes into effect at every depart
ment of the Riverside Iron and Steel
plant here. About 3000 men are affected.
MRS. STEVENSON DIES
AT THE AGE OF NINETY
Mother of the Former Vice-President
Summoned to the
Beyond.
PEORIA, March 6.— A telephone mes
sage to the Herald from Bloomington,
111., says:
Mrs. Sarah Stevenson, mother of the
former Vice President, Adlai E. Steven
son, died at 2:30 o'clock this morning,
after an illness of several weeks. She
was 90 years of age.
URUGUAY'S CABINET.
President Cuestas Announces As
signment of Portfolios.
LONDON, March 6.— The Montevideo
correspondent of the Times says: Presi
dent Cuestas has made the following as
signments of portfolios:
Dr. Saturnine Campo, Minister of tho
Interior.
Senor Campestegui, Minister of Fi
nance.
Senor Carlos Maria Rena, Minister of
Agriculture.
Senor Herrero Espinosa, Minister of
Foreign Affairs.
General Nicodemus Gastro, Minister of
War.
Remains an Independent Line.
DENVER. Colo., March 6.— Charles
Smith of this city, who controls a major
ity of the bonds of the California and
Nevada Railroad, denies that the line has
passed into the possession of the Santa Fe
company.
All Saloons Closed.
ST. LOUIS, March s.— The order o£ the
Board of Police Commissioners that all
saloons be closed at midnight Saturday
night and remain closed until midnight
to-night, under the provisions of the law,
was carried out to the letter.
Bubonic Plague Rag-ing-.
LONDON, March s.— The Bombay cor
respondent of the Post says: The bubonic
plague is raging here with unparalleled
severity. According to official returns
there were 912 deaths last week, but these
quite underrate the mortality.
CUBANS WHO MAY
BECOME BANDITS
Rather Gloomy Outlook
at Santiago.
— ,
THE RESULT OF ECONOMY
ONLY ONE COURSE FOR MEN
WITHOUT WORK.
El Forvenira Asserts That the Ac
tion of Havana Authorities Is
Due to Antagonism to Gen
eral Wood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March s.— El
Porventra, discussing the situation
brought about by the orders from Ha
vana limiting the total expenditures
upon the departments of the provincial
administration to $10,000, says:
"There is only one course open to men
who are without work and food, namely,
to become banditti. Hunger demands
bread. The proceedings of the United
States authorities at Havana are evi
dently antagonistic to Major General
"Wood, and born of jealousy of his suc
cess and popularity among all classes
of Cubans. Three thousand men have
been thrown out of employment with
only a day's notice which must mean a
serious menace to public peace and
property."
The Independenria, El Cubano and
the Santiago Herald comment in much
the same strain.
Two companies of the Fourth Immune
Regiment are in the city to-day, nomi
nally to receive horses, but it is ex
pected that they will remain at least a
week before returning to Manzanillo.
The court-martial .of Private John
Williams of the Ninth Immune Regi
ment, charged with complictiy in the
murderous affray at San Luis on No
vember 14. is still in session. Thus far,
the prosecution has offered two eye-wit
nesses, but the other testimony is con
flicting. The Judge Advocate com
plains that there is considerable per
jury among the officers of the regiment.
The accused is defended by Major Har
rison, whose orderly he was at the
time. The case will probably last an
other ten days, and a conviction is pos
sible.
GENERAL CAREY WILL
PAY THE CUBAN TROOPS
NEW YORK, March 5.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Pay
master General Carey has perfected ar-
rangements for going to Cuba next
week to pay off the Cuban army.
This means that an agreement has been
reached by General Gomez and Major
General Brooke regarding the payment
of the Cubans on the basis of the Pres
ident's suggestion to General Gomez
through Mr. Porter.
General Carey will take the entire
appropriation of $3,000,000 to Cuba, $1,
--500,000 of which will be in silver and the
remainder either in gold or in bills. He
will leave New York on one of the gov
ernment transports, to which the money
will be transported from the sub-treas
ury, and upon his arrival at Havana
he will report to General Brooke.
Immediately upon the payment of the
officers and men the troops will be dis
banded and the Cubans will return to
their ordinary avocations. As soon as
the army is disbanded the question of
the withdrawal of the American troops
will be considered.
Appeal to National Leaders.
WILMINGTON, Del., March 6.— A party
of Union (Addicks) Republican Assembly
men left here to-day for Washington to
confer with members of the National Re
publican Committee and other Republican
leaders on the Senatorial deadlock in thi3
State.
Killed by Exploding Benzine.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 5. — Last
evening a carboy of benzine exploded in
a third-class railroad carriage on the line
of Dwinsk. south of St. Petersburg. The
carriage was burned, six women and a
man wore killed and sixteen others were
Injured.
VAST APPROPRIATIONS
OF THE LAST CONGRESS
In All $1,566,890,016 Has Been Set Aside for National
Expenses, lint Nearly One-Third ol This Is
Owing to the War With Spain.
WASHINGTON. March s.— The of
ficial statement of Representative Jo
seph G. Cannon of Illinois, the chair
man of the House Appropriations Com
mittee, summing up the appropriations
of the Fifty-fifth Congress, shows an
aggregate appropriation by the entire
Congress of $1,566,890,016, and for the
session just closed a total of $fi7.Xfi58,400,
with authority for contracts subject to
future appropriations amounting to
$50,000,000. Chairman Cannon's state
ment in full follows:
The appropriations made at tho session
of Congress just closed amount approxi
mately to $673,658,400, and show an appar
ent reduction of $210,071.000 under the ap
propriations made at the preceding ses
sion. This is attributable to the large ex
penses occasioned by the war with Spain
that were provided for during: the preced
ing session. The entire appropriations
made by the Fifty-fifth Congress aggre
gate $1.58fi,590.016 28. Of this -sum J482.562,
--083 17 is directly chargeable to our late
war with Spain nr incident thereto. De
ducting this charge from the whole
amount of the appropriations, the re
mainder, $1,084,327,632 81 represents the
ordinary or normal appropriations made
by the Fifty-fifth Congress.
The appropriations made by the pre
ceding Congress, the Fifty-fourth,
amounted to $1,044,580,273 87. A compari
son shows an increase in ordinary appro
priations made by this Congress over the
Fifty-fourth of $39,747,000, but this appar
ent increase is more than accounted for
by increases under eight items alone,
namely: For pensions, $4,000,000; for the
postal service, $16,000,000; for rivers and
harbors, including work under contracts
previously authorized, $3,600,000; for new
ships for the navy, $6,000,000; for begin
ning the work of the twelfth census,
$1,000,000; for the Paris Exposition, $1,200,
--000; for new public buildings, including
the building for the Department of Jus
tice, and for site, and partial construc
tion of the new Government printing of
fice, about $5,000,000, and for payment of
judgments rendered against the Govern
ment on account of French spoliations
and under the Bowman act, $3,100,000.
These very natural and necessary in
creases in public expenditures, on ac
count of the pension list, the growth of
the postal service in response to the de
mands of commerce, the improvement of
the great waterways of the country and
for Increase of the navy, the construction
of needed buildings to accommodate the
Government service in the cities of the
country, the taking of the census, the
participation of the nation in the great
exposition to be held at Paris next year
and the payment of the French spoliation
judgment and Bowman act case's so long
(.oiisidered by and pressed upon Congress
aggregate $39,900,000— more than dissipat
ing the entire apparent increase in the
ordinary appropriations by this Congress
over those made by the Fifty-fourth Con
gress.
In addition to the direct appropriations
made at this session, contracts were au
thorized, subject to future appropriations
to be made by Congress, amounting to
about $70,000,000. cf this amount $44,000,000
is for additional ships for the navy, $22.
--500,000 is for work on rivers and harbors,
and something over $3,000,000 is for public
buildings. The contract system is of ne
cessity applied to the construction of new
warships, which require periods' of years
for their construction. In the case of
river and harbor improvements and the
construction of public buildings experi
ence has shown that the authorization of
contracts tends materially to expedite and
cheapen the same.
Dockery of Missouri, the ranking
Democratic member of the House Ap
propriations Committee, made the fol
lowing statement, giving the Democrat
ic view:
This Congress easily surpac-.es all its
predecessors in the stupendous aggregate
of its appropriations. It was thought that
the Fifty-first Congress, commonly known
as the ''Billion-Dollar Congress," had in
point of extravagance of appropriations
touched a limit which would not be
reached or at least surpassed by any of
its successors. This Congress, however,
has far exceeded the appalling total of
appropriations there made, and it will be
remembered that the "Billion-Dollar Con
gress" was followed by overwhelming dis
aster to the Republican party at the en
suing election. ;•£".;-•■;.
Confronted with a war with Spain, re-'
quiring the imposition of additional taxa
tion, tt is obvious that rigid economy
should have been applied in all other di
rections to the expenditure of public
money. The people were willing to meet
all the demands upon the national treas
ury made necessary by the Spanish war,
but it is fair to presume that they ex
pected their representatives, in view of tne
cheerful disposition manifested to meet
these added burdens, to limit the ordinary
apropriations to the necessities ,of a wise
and economical administration, These ex
pectations have not been realized.
The result is an annual deficiency in
the country's revenues amounting on the
first of this month to $99,109,554 50. This
deficiency, as shown by a recent conserva
tive estimate by Chairman Cannon of the
Appropriations Committee, will probably
reach $159,000,000 on the 30th of June next.
It is impossible to estimate with absolute
accuracy the treasury deficiency for the
coming fiscal year. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report made in
December last, estimates it at about $31 -
000,000, but it is now apparent that It will
not be less than $100,000,000. It is almost
certain, therefore, that the Government
will be compelled during .the calendar
year 1900 to face an actual treasury defi
ciency. The $462,000,000 of income arising
from the sale of bonds under this admin
istration ana that of President Cleveland
will then have been exhausted, and the
treasury will pass from the condition of
a borrowed surplus to an actual defi
ciency. Such a condition must be met,
either by increased taxation or by the is
sue of treasury certificates, or by an ad
ditional bond issue.
Notwithstanding this deplorable treas
ury situation, which has been called over
and over again to the attention of Con
gress and the country, appropriations
have been made which, in many cases
have not been warranted by the interests
of the public service, or which, if proper
in themselves, should have been post
poned until the national income should be
ample to meet all Its liabilities without
the necessity of bond, Issues.
The appropriations of the original "bil
lion dollar Congress amounted to $1,035.
--680,109 94. The appropriations of the Con
gress just ended reach the mighty aggre
gate of $1,566,890,014 28. It is fair to deduct
from this total $482,562,083 47,. made neces
sary to meet the liabilities of the Spanish
war. So if we deduct from the grand
total the liabilities on account of the war
with Spain, it appears that the appropria
tions for the ordinary expenses of the
Government are $1,084,327,932 81. The ap
propriations of the Congress just ended
to meet the ordinary governmental ex
penses exceed those of the preceding
(Fifty-fourth) Congress by $39,747.65*5 9C
Not only this, but the contract liabilities
authorized by the Congress just expired
for new ships and their armament, pub
lic buildings, rivers and harbors and mis
cellaneous items amount to $70,602,524. If
therefore, to the ordinary appropriations
is added the liabilities on .account of these
authorized contracts, iwe ascertain that
the appropriations and contract liabilities
9' m 456 n Bl to the tremendous total of $1,154,-
These increased appropriations have
gone for French spoliation claims, pub
lic buildings, rivers and harbors; Bowman
act claims and hundreds of other projects
some meritorious, but many of them not
entitled to recognition by the National
Government. In nearly every branch of
the civil service of the Government there
has been an increase of appropriations.
The time has come to reform the scale
of national expenditures. The reckless
improvidence of the outgoing Congress
will at least serve the good purpose of
arousing the people and of causing them
to send representatives to the national
capital who will reduce the burdens im
posed by rioteus appropriations.
GUESTS JUMP FROM
A BURNING HOTEL
Several Persons Slightly Burned or
Injured During a Los Angeles
Conflagration.
T.OS ANGELEB, March s.— The Flor
ence Hotel, located on the corner of Main
and Third sir. Cis. whs partially destroyed
by fire this evening und several people
were slightly burned and otherwise in
iured in "escaping from the flames. Bon
nie Whitman, a variety actress, saved
her life by jumping from a third story
window to the roof of a one-stor? dg;H
ing adjoining. She was but slightly, in
jured.
The cause of the fire is not known.
The loss to building and contents will
amount to about $5000; insurance nominal.
The building is owned by ex-Mayor
Thorne and the hotel was conducted by
B. F. Sanders.
EVIDENCE OF MURDER.
Suspicious Death of a Young Woman
in New York.
NEW YORK, March s.— Miss Magda
lene Dorn, 20 years old, died last night
in a room occupied by James J. Conley
at 211 West Eighty-second street, under
circumstances so suspicious that Conley
was taken into custody pending an in
vestigation by the Coroner.
Conley called at the home of Dr. Brink
er and urged him to accompany him at
once to his room to attend a young wom
an who, he said, had fallen seriously 111.
When they arrived at the place they
found Miss Dorn lying on the bed, dead.
Gas was flowing from two gas jets. Con
ley seemed greatly agitated and ex
plained that the young woman had been
visiting him and was taken suddenly ill.
He left her to go for the doctor. He says
she must have turned on the gas during
his absence and become asphyxiated.
The police did not take kindly to thi3
theory and placed Conley under arrest.
Conley was reticent about his relations
with Miss Dorn.
GALE AT NIAGARA FALLS.
Elevator at the Buttery Whirlpool
Station Blown Over.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. T., March &.— A
gale this afternoon caus°d murh damage.
The wind came in gusts, tearing signs
from thetr fastenings and stripping sec
tion of roofing from some buildings. Elec
tric light wires were torn down. The old
elevator at the Buttery Whirpool Station
was bft>wn over. It crashed through the
pavilion at the foot of the cliff, damaging
property in the pavilion and causing a
stampede among the people in the neigh
borhood. No one was hurt. The loss la
large.
HEAVY SNOWSTORM.
Mantle of White Covers Kansas and
Missouri.
TOPEKA, Kans., March 5.— A snow
storm general throughout the State start
ed soon after midnight last night and
continued throughout the morning, while
in the western part of the State the
storm was accompanied by quite heavy
winds. No delay of trains because of
drifts has been reported.
WEBB CITY, Mo.. March 5.— A severe
snowstorm has prevailed here since 10
o'clock without cessation. At least six
inches of snow has fallen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Evil Dispositions
Are Early Shown/
Just so evil in the blood
comes out in shape of scrof-
ula, pimples, etc., in children
and young people. Taken in
time it can be eradicated by
using Hood' Sarsaparilla.
In older people the aftermath
of irregular living shows it-
self in bilious conditions, a
heavy head, a foul mouth,
a general bad feeling.
It is the blood, the impure blood,
friends, which is the real cause. Purify
that with Hood's Sarsaparilia and hap-
piness will reign in your family.
Blood Poison— "l lived in a bed of fire
for years owing to blood poisoning, that
followed smallpox. It broke out all over
my body, itching intensely. Tried doc-
tors and hospitals in vain. I tried Hood's
Sarsaparilla. It helped. I kept at it and
was entirely cured. I could go on the
housetops and shout about it." MRS.
J. T. WILLIAMS, Carbondale, Pa.
Scrofula Sores— "My baby at two
months had scrofula sores on cheek and
arm. Local applications and physicians*
medicine did little or no good. Hood's Sar-
saparilla cured him permanently. He is
now four, with smooth, fair skin." MRS.
S. S. WROTEN, Farmington, Del.
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-lrrltating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla.
— : : ; —
@§tJP^saP*^^f» mi cv coo
«g^ ?«SilYlfcTfcKo
V fllfi / >ls tr * ete<J allmt-ntn since 18S1.
vfflfv/ >^El**^S They l * ve the '» r S f »' » ud
VwSm ftfSlbBB^ t "* t * >iull ' p * d medical in- '
o&X V**| i^rr^f^^ practice ia the IT.l T . 3.
§§?§ V loWlWi/fflißf'^ fnf*rtun»te men who can-
rajl\ ', X*^WfA&4 not fall nhouM wr»te lor »J-
-llj^ >^ u— *£2s2wi§2^ vlc ' ? Dl * l lr l^'» te Niolc—
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. ALL. FREE.
Ail utter, confidential. No Ctaaige U for ConTultatlou.'
■ 701 MARKET ST., ') _, 
I 01 SAJf FBAKCISCO f Elcvat9r Entrance
m^^^l, WHEN YOU
/JpP^^7!\y y^*wfck Require an ELEC-
JSfc^jJTLaeaJp™ 0 BELT get "Dr.
7*(|^|9£@a|jpr PierceV and you will
v^^fcT^fy not bB disappointed.
'vj^ = Call or address PIERCE
)->■*'■; ? ELECTRIC C 0.,. 620
Mirk* »L (opp. Macs Hot«), S. F.CROCKER AND MRS.
STANFORD REPLY
TO HUNTINGTON
Refute the Insinuation That They
Prevented the Closing
of the "Gap."
NEW YORK. March s.— The Call cor
respondent to-day called the attention
of George Crocker, second vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
to the statement made by C. P. Hunt
ington, president of the company, in a
letter addressed to Edward Ivison of
Santa Barbara, Cal., referring to the
closing oi the gap on the coast line be
tween Surf and Elwood, in which Mr.
Huntington said:
"We have succeeded in getting Mrs.
Stanford and George Crocker to agree
to go on and close this gap."
Mr. Crocker said: "It has never been
vf-ry hard work to get Mrs. Stanford
and myself to agree to the finishing "f
this gap. We have always been willing
that this work should be finished as
F'Nin as it could be done under proper
conditions — namely, when certain mat
ters at issue between the Southern Pa
cific Company and the Pacific Improve
ment Company had been adjusted and
when it wouid be justified by condi
tions."
Mr. Crocker further said that for sev
eral years prior to the completion of the
road hot ween San Francisco and Surf.
and until quite recently, it had, on ac
count of the general financial condi
tions prevailing in the country, been
practically impossible to market rail
road securities at satisfactory rates;
that Mrs. Stanford and the Crocker Es
tate Company had personally obligated
themselves for the payment of large
sums of money for railroad construc
tion, and on business principles de
clined to further obligate themselves
personally in this matter until financial
conditions Justified it. The financial
outlook now heinf; satisfactory and the
matters at issue between the two com
panies having been satisfactorily ad
justed, the board of directors of the
Southern Pacific Company on Fehruary
2S last unanimously resolved to com
plete the road between Surf and El
wood ns soon as possible.
"That." said Mr. Crocker." is the sum
and substance of the who]p matter and
practically all there is to it."
Mrs. Stanford com^oously received
BIG STRIKE IS
NOW THREATENED IN
NEW YORK CITY
If Other Trades Back Paper-
Hangers Over 15,000 Men
May Go Out.
NEW YORK, March s.— lt developed
at the meeting of the Central Feder-
ated Union to-day that a strike of 15.
--000 or nechanics is threatened.
The strike, if it comes, will he due to
troubles among the workingmen.
At to-day's meeting Delegate Archi
bald of the Paper-hangers' Union de
clared that efforts were being made to
compel thp men of his organization to
strike against their will. There has
been a strike at the new building of
the University Club and the unions
affiliated with it are engaged with the
Building Trades Council, a rival or
ganization to the board of delegates,
and when called upon to strike by the
CONVICT CONSPIRATORS
LOSING THEIR NERVE
Prison Officials Think the Hiding-
Place of Weapons Will Soon Be
Ascertained.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. March o.-
When Warden Hale affirmed his belief
that a diet of bread and water In the
F!>m!-g!oom of a dungeon would do a
great deal toward changing the state of
mind of the eight desperate criminals
who planned to turn all the convicts
and murdpr several officers and
Is before they made their escape, he
Fpoke in the light of experience. All but
the two ringleader? have lost their air of
F-;rl!ness and Joseph King has grown
Taint-hearted to the extent that he has in
timated his intention to "squeal if it will
tend to lessen his punishment. No prom
ise would be given him, and it is believed
traronly a Snort time will elapse until
the convicts tell where the revolvers and
ammunition are concealed.
A rumor was current to-day that the
authorities had found a number of re
volver" but they deny its truth. They
pay there is no use continuing the search,
because there are too many good places
to hide small articles for them to be
f °^nvlct a H eW w ay Cooper, the "stool
TiKn " is in mortal dread of death at
the hands of his fellow prisoners, and is
Closely gua-ded. The rage against Cooper
Is not confined to the conspirators, but is
p'hared by every inmate of the prison.
Oat -of sympathy a convict who knew
nothing of the intended escape wourt out
Coopers throat as soon as look at him.
The news of the affair caused an in
flux' of visitors to-day, to the number of
200 persons. The morbid curiosity was not
confined to the sterner st-x by any
means, for won^n kept the officials busy
tellinV about "thr.se awful men 1 for
hours end it was a genuine relief to
fnanv when the last 'bus left for Green-
LANDSLIDE WRECKS A
FAST NEWSPAPER TRAIN
"••• HUNTINGDON, Pa., March s.— The first
section of the fast newspaper train due
: here at 7 o'clock was wrecked one mile
-■ east of this place this noon by a land
-1 ' 'slide which resulted from last nights
' heavy fall of rain. MrCutchin and Fire-
Engineer Robert McCutchin and Fire
man J C Troce, both of Harrisburj.
• Were instantly killed. McCutchi^bocfy
wm burned b^vond recognition. The ten-
; drr of the "r.gihe was driven half through
tC "xpres car bur the express messenger
V- raped injury. The few passengers on
■ the train were unhurt. The wrecked train
was the Pennsylvania Railroad newspaper
train from New York to Pittsburg.
Three Sew Smallpox Cases.
T.OS AN 1 KLES, March 5.-To-day
marked th- development of three new
cases of srr-Mpox. one of which, while It
1 appeared |« a part of the city that had
hitherto be « free from the disease, is di
rectly trarfble to the Infected quarter.
Th^ other t f o rases are in the infected lo
cality. Th^f; was one death from the dis
ease to-day §
The Call correspondent in her apart
ments at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, and
when he had stated his mission she
said:
"Mr. Crocker and I have not deferred
the closing of the gap between Surf and
; Elwood. I do not know of any partic
j ular reason ivh . •■■• construction of
j the road had been delayed. If the rail
road company could have built it soon
ler it probably would have done so.
Kindly say that I am not an obstruc
tionist. On the contrary, 1 am in entire
sympathy with the railroad in all that
' it proposes to do for the future devel
: opment of California.
"It is only during the last two
months," continued Mrs. Stanford,
I 'that 1 have felt that I was a free
I agent, to use my own judgment as re
| gards the management of the estate,
j which has been transferred to me with
iin the period mentioned. I have
I thought it necessary to consider wholly
I the obligations due the legatees, and
| I have not been willing to take money
; for any purpose except one — to pay
those sacred obligations."
"There has been a disagreement over
I this matter," said Mr. Huntington,
j when seen at his residence this even
ing. "We made the promise years ago
to close the gap, and certainly should
j have redeemed that promise before
! now. While I have always favored the
1 building of this bit of road, others
have thought it best to defer construc
tion. I have never" been persistent in
the matter, feeling convinced that
sooner or later they would waive the
objection to going ahead. Recently Mrs.
Stanford, Mr. Crocker, Mr. Hubbard
I and myself met and considered the ad
; visability of closing the 55-mile gap
between the two towns. Mrs. Stanford
■ and Mr. Crocker gave their consent,
. and I at once ordered the construction
ito proceed. I have given instructions
to push things vigorously, and I am
hopeful the work will be completed
within the year. Let me repeat what
I stated at the beginning — that we have
not disagreed over the closing of this
gap. There has only been a difference
I in business judgment."
Building Trades Council they promptly
refused to do so. Delegate Archibald
said that since that time a strong effort
has been made to force the paper
hangers at work upon the University
Club to strike.
This effort is still being made by the
Building Trades Council. A committee
from the latter body informed the con
tractor who employs the painters that
if he continued to permit the men to
stay at work they would order strikes
on all buildings where men of unions
affiliated with the Building Trades
Council were employed. The Central
Federated Union will take immediate
steps to remove the friction.
IN THE 'NTEREST OF THE
AMERICAN UNIVERSITY
Successful Meetings Held and Hand
some Subscriptions Made for
the Institution.
WHEELING. W. Va., March s.—Unus
ually successful meetings have to-day
been held In this city and vicinity in the
various Methodist churches in the inter
est of the American University at Wash
ington, D. C. Bishop Charles H. Fowler
of Buffalo. N. V.; Bishop John F. Hurst
of Washington; Dr. J. Wesley Hill, one of
the trustees of the university; Governor
G. W, Atkinson of West Virginia, and
ex-Governor Charles Foster of Ohio were
among the speakers in various pulpits. A
monster afternoon mass-meeting was ad
dressed by the two bishops and the two
Governors, Governor Atkinson presiding.
The subscriptions for the university for
the day aggregated $5000. The whole will
be aplied to an endowment of a professor
ship of $100,000, to be contributed by the
State of Virginia. Other meetings will
soon be held in prominent centers in the
State. The American University is to
stand for Protestantism and American
ism, and while the Methodists are push
ing the canvass with vigor, it is to be un
denominational. Six of the religious de
nominatons are represented in the board
of trustees. To-day Senator-elect Scott
from West Virginia, an Episcopalian,
made a handsome subscription, as also
did a leading Hebrew merchant of the
city.
TO GREET YOUNG CHRISTIAN;*.
Santa Cruz Preparing for the Ep
worth Leag-ue Convention.
SANTA CRUZ, March s.— The San Fran
cisco District Epworth League Conven
tion Is to be held, in the Methodist
Church in Santa Cruz from April 14 to
16. and the young people of the Christian
Endeavor Society of the Methodist Church
are making extensive preparations for
the entertainment of the 250 delegates
who are expected to be present. The
meetings have been arranged so as to con
tinue over Sunday, when emident divines
from San Francisco are to conduct the
services. Saturday afternoon will be
given to excursions and sight-seeing. A
carriage excursion will be taken to De
Laveaga Heights and the beach. An out
door session and round table will be con
ducted by Dr. W. W. Case. The commit
tees in charge ot the convention are:
Committee on entertainment— H. S. Holway,
Mrs. H. D. Smith, Miss Jennie Kin^. Mrs. F.
i . HMth. J. E. Robertson, Miss Hattie Snede
cor, Harvey Door. Miss Kate Bauter, M. C.
Woodruff.
Reception committee and meeting delegates —
H J. Little and staff.
Assignment of delegate*— H. L. Carter, Miss
Etta Snedecor, Miss Nellie Huntington.
Fxcursion— F I* Heath and staff.
General reception— Miss Alice Garrett. Mrs.
w C Izant Miss Mabel Smith, Miss Mattte
Diinlap W. B. Anthony. W. C. Izant.
Decorations— Miss Jennie King and Endeavor
C CoUati t on— Mesdames FUben, Harris, Thomas
and Thompson.
Printing— H. 8. Holway.
Bad K es-H D. Smith. Mrs. W. B. Anthony,
M Gene"ra^ y coln / m ! ittee (In charge of convention)
— H D. Smith. Miss Etta Snedecor, MO.
Woodruff, Mlsa Marcla Holway and the pastor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH 6. 1899.
SAYS HIS WIFE
BROKE A PLEDGE
George Thalman Fights
a Divorce Case.
SENSATIONAL SALINAS SUIT
RANCHER RETURNS TO OPPOSE
A SEPARATION.
After Twenty Years of Married Life
He Left the State on the Promise
That No Action Would
Be Brought.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March s.— After twenty
years of married life Mr. and Mrs.
George Thalman, residents of Prune
dale, but prominent here and at Wat
sonville, have separated, and the re
sult is a divorce case brought under
peculiar circumstances and promising
to be prolific in sensations.
George Thalman, a prominent archi
tect of Little Rock, Ark., married a
lady of the same city in IS7B. Two chil
dren were born, a son and daughter,
and both are living. About three years
ago the couple moved to California, set
tling in Watsonville, where Mr. Thal
| man conducted a lucrative business.
Last May they purchased a fruit ranch
in Prunedale, abovft seven miles from
! this city. There they have since re
' sided, owing to the husband's ill health.
llt is at this place that the family
i troubles appear to have become serious,
; although the wife claims that for the
j last seventeen years she has been medi
tating on leaving her husband.
Two weeks ago she and her two chil
dren left the orchard home and moved
into this city. The husband remained
there several days and then followed
them to Salinas. He sought an inter
view with his wife, and, according to
| her story, during her absence he gained
i admission to her apartment at a local
I hotel, hid himself, and when she en
i tered sprang upon her and threatened
to end her life with a knife if she did
i not return to the ranch. By promising
i to go she escaped and then sent for the
Sheriff.
Thalman was arrested and placed un-
I der heavy bonds, which he could not
give, for the reason, as he claimed, his
wife had all the pr<rperty in her name.
The wife relented on the promise that
her husband would deed everything to
her and leave the country and she would
not prosecute him. On her part she
agreed, it is said, that she would ask
for no divorce for alleged cruelty.
All was arranged and Mr. Thalman
' left home children and property to
battle with life alone in an Eastern
State No sooner had he left than the
woman commenced suit for divorce on
' the ground of cruelty. Friends of the
husband informed him by wire at
Truckee, and as a result he is back
I in Salinas and asserts th.t now he will
i see the matter out at any cost or come
: what may. Thalman, it is asserted,
will be placed under heavy bonds to-
I morrow to keep the peace. When the
divorce case comes up it will prove
highly sensational and many scandal
ous assertions will be made. Certain
prominent Watsonville people will be
implicated. The son, it is asserted, has
taken his father's side. Mrs. Thalman
is at present on the ranch, while Mr.
Thalman is here.
Thalman was at one time in the As
sembly of the State of Washington and
I a very influential man.
KIPLING STRIDING
TOWARD RECOVERY
The Novelist's Daughter, Josephine,
Dangerously 111 With
Pneumonia.
NEW YORK, March s.— According to
the reports of his physicians. Rudyard
Kipling is now far advanced on the way
to recovery. All through the hours of
Saturday niprht and early this morning
the favorable conditions increased. He
slept peacefully many hours, and when
he awoke it was clear that he had made
another powerful stride toward health.
"The improvement in Mr. Kipling s con
dition " said Mr. Doubleday this morn
ing '"'is perhaps more marked than at
any previous period of his illness. He Is
emphatically a winner this time."
The following official bulletin was post
ed at the Hotel Grenoble at 2 o clock this
afternoon: , . ...
"Mr Kipling is convalescing, with
slight" continuing fever. The resolution
in the lungs has advanced, though it is
U °l\ \vas C said Mr. Kipling's daugh
ter Josephine is dangerously ill at the
home of Miss De Forrest. She is report
ed to have suffered a slight relapse dur
ing Saturday night. There was no change
in the condition of Elsie, the youngest
daughter, who is= suffering from pneu
monia at the Hotel Grenoble.
-♦-
HIS HOLINESS SHOWS
MARKED IMPROVEMENT
Surprises His Physicians by Reciting
a Lengthy Section From
Dante's "Paradise."
ROME, March s.— The Pope, who was In
excellent spirits on rising this morning,
desired the attendants In the antecham
ber to attend mass in his own room. The
following bulletin was issued at la. m.:
"His Holiness passed a quiet night, get
ting several hours' sleep. All his natural
functions, the pulse and the temperature
are normal. It has not been necessary to
re-examine the wound. No medical bul
letin will be issued this evening."
His Holiness, who arose at 10:30, re
turned to bed at 1:30 p. m. He has,re
sumed his ordlniary diet and his condi
tion mentally and physically, is good. He
engaged his physicians in conversation
and to their amazement recited the en
tire last portion of the seventh canto of
Dante's •'Paradise." commenting upon
various passages as he proceeded. Pro
fessor Mazzonl afterward said:
"He Is indeed a marvelous man."
Dr Lapponi hopes to be able to dis
pense with the bulletins altogether in the
course of two or three days.
STORIES OF THE CZAR'S
HEALTH NOT TRUE
Published in a Copenhagen Paper Be
cause of a Resentful Feeling
of the Danes.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, March 5.— 1 have heard much
of the total collapse of the Czar's health.
No one believed the reports until they
were published in a somewhat circum
stantial form by a Copenhagen paper.
The stories are untrue.
It appears that the Inhabitants of Den
mark are annoyed because the Czar used
his influence with the Kaiser to prevent
recent events in Schleswig-Holsteln, and
secondly because he is considered to have
neglected Denmark by not visiting Copen
hagen every summer; also these points
are accentuated by the Czar not having
given way in all matters to his mother.
Lady Beresford to Visit America.
LiONDON, March s.— Lady William Ber
esford. formerly Mrs. Louis Hammersley
of New York and later the Dowager
Duchess of Marlborour  will sail for the
United States on Wednesday.
MISSIONARIES SLAIN
BY CHINESE REBELS
Murderers DiQe on the Hea rts of
Two Unfortunate preoch
ChristiaQS.
■ TACOMA, March s.— Two more French missionaries have been mur- ■.
+ dered by Chinese rebels at Mission Station, about 100 miles to the north +
+ of Ichang. It has been impossible to get details at Shanghai owing to
O the disturbed conditions of that entire section. At Ichang it is known o
*~ that the bodies of both missionaries were horribly mutilated. Their mur- +
+. derers made a great feast to show their contempt for foreigners and
o Christians. The hearts of the dead misionaries were taken out and eaten Q
+ in the presence of a large crowd. -f
° Scholars are being withdrawn from the mission schools and mission o
£ work has been almost suspended. Native Christians are treated with the >
+ greatest severity. Frequently their houses are torn down after every- O
o thing portable has been stolen. One inoffensive old woman at Ichoufu "♦
-♦- was stripped of her clothing, tied to a wall and whipped until she sur- +
o rendered deeds to the family homestead. The usual excuse for these pro- O
£ ceedings is that the Christians are no longer Chinese. J
+ The rebellion has now spread into Shangtung, where some German +
O mineral prospectors were recently attacked and beaten. The mission- o
£ aries are hoping Germany will take steps to end the anarchy now £
+ prevailing through Central China. France and England have made re- +
o peated representations on the subject to Peking, but without result. O
+ The rebels have lately captured Huyang and Shuchou and are rap- +
+ idly cutting off communication between the territory they hold and the
o outside. O
B-f o-f o-f o+o♦ o ♦ o+ o+ o+o+o-f o+ o ♦ o-f o+o+o +o + o+ o+ o+ o+ o+ o+ ■
SCHLEY REMAINS
SAMPSON'S SENIOR
Outcome of the Senate's
Failure to Act.
NO REWARD FOR BRAVERY
NOMINATIONS FOB, HEROIC ACTS
ALL HELD UP.
Naval Officers Indignant Over the
Result of the Controversy Be
tween Sampson and
Schiey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 5.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In view
of the failure of the Senate to confirm
the nomination of Rear Admiral Schley
and Rear Admiral Sampson for ad
vancement for heroic conduct In bat
tle, speculation is rife in naval circles
as to the action which will be taken
by the department.
One thing is certain: Secretary Long
will not submit to the President for
transmission to the Seriate in Decem
ber next the nominations of these of
ficers for advancement. And it is there
fore plainly apparent that Rear Ad
miral Schley will remain senior to Rear
Admiral Sampson unless the depart
ment should establish the correctness
of the reflections upon Rear Admiral
Schley.
Such an investtgtion Is by no means
an improbability. Serious consideration
has been given the matter by Secretary
Long, and some of the officials of the
department are urging him to take such
a step.
It is announced that if Rear Admiral
Schley asks for a court of inquiry the
department will promptly order it. In
the meantime Rear Admiral Schley will
enjoy the pay and allowances of a major
general of the army, while Rear Ad
miral Sampson will draw the pay and
allowances of a brigadier general.
Naval officers are indignant at the ac
tion of the Senate in holding up all
other nominations for advancement as
a result of the battle of Santiago be
cause of the Sohley-Sampson contro
versy, when they say that they were
not concerned in any way in it. The
department does not intend, however,
to permit any further developments in
the controversy, unless it be through a
court of inquiry, and to this end will
not transmit any nominations to the
Senate in December next unless It be
that of Naval Constructor Hobson and
officers recommended for advancement
by Rear Admiral Dewey.
"THE AMERICAN BOY"
PROJECT FAILED
But Agitation to Have a Battleship
So Named Will Be Continued
in the Next Congress.
CINCINNATI, March 5.-Amonf( the pro
jects to which the short session rf Con
gress was unable to give favorable con
sideration was that to have a battleship
named "The American Boy." The na
tional committee of the American Boy
Association, January 20, decided to visit
Washington in a body and appeal to the
President, Secretary Long and members
of Congress to name one of the new ships
"the American Boy" and allow r-nntribu
tlons which the youth of the country have
sent here and will continue to send from
the first installment for its construction.
This committee reached Washington
January 26 and had a satisfactory inter
view with President McKinley, after
ward seeing Senators, Representatives
and others on January 30. Representa
tive Bromwell of Cincinnati offered a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to call the next battleship con
structed "the American Boy" and to re
ceive and deposit in the United States
Treasury as a special fund for the con
struction of said battleship all contribu
tions which may be tendered to him for
the purpose of defraying the expensed
thereof, said contributions to be in addi
tion to any amount that mi^ht be appro
priated for the construction of battle
ships.
Secretary Long has advised the com
mittee of the law to name all battleships
after States, cruisers after cities, cxc.
This measure was favorably reported by
the Naval Committee, but it was killed in
the House on a point of order by Boutelie.
The boys have returned from Washington
determined to press their work harder
than ever and they say they are receiving
letters of encouragment from all partß of
the country. They pay their own ex
penses and* deposit all contributions in
the Market National Bank, and are con
fident that they will succeed at the next
session of Congress.
Santa Cruz's Powder Output.
SANTA CRUZ, March s.— The powder
works are again running full blast. Over
200 men were employed yesterday. Ten
thousand dollars is paid monthly in
wages. The present output daily is 700
fcega Of blasting powder and 6000 pounds
of smokeless powder. All of the latter
goes East. It has been found by the
Navy Department that the smokeless i
powder manufactured here is most suc
cessful with the ten, twelve and thirteen- |
inch guns. Plans are under way to en
large the plant. Within the next few
months there will he constructed a new
glaze mill, a pulverizer, a tar drying
house and a foundry. There are suf
ficient contracts for powder to keep tne
mills running night and day for the next
two years.
GENERAL MILES
AND BAD BEEF
Depends on Testimony
of Enlisted Men
TO PROVE HIS CHARGES
BELIEVES THAT HE AND NOT
THE MEAT IS MADE ISSUE.
The Commanding Officer of the Army
May Decide to Challenge the Im
partiality of Judge Advo
cate Davis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March s.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Upon the "men who ate
the beef" — enlisted regulars and volun
teer officers and men — General Miles is
relying to prove the allegations he made
that the army foc-d supply was re
sponsible for the illness among soldiers
during the war with Spain. He read
with equanimity reports of the testi
mony before the court of Inquiry of
commanding and commissary officers
that they had heard no complaints from
their men and that "the food was bet
ter than most of them had before en
tering the army," because he believed
their motives were self-evident.
He refused at first to admit his con
viction that the administration was
trying to bolster up the War Investi
gating- Committee's report that he was
derelict in performing his duty, in order
eventually to open a way to depose him
from command of the army. But he
was led, it appears, to conclude that
he and not bad beef was "issue joined"
in th<! case when the court allowed the
extraordinary statements by Colonel
Woodruff, assistant commissary gen
eral, to go unchallenged, and when the
cc-urt put non-commissioned officers to
the test of mixed-up dishes of roast
beef. General Miles has openly called
this a deliberate effort to discredit his
honest witnesses.
An effort has been made to show that
the complaints of bad rations issued to
the men on the Yale, on which General
Miles went to Porto Rico, were made
to him on shipboard, and that he
neither reported nor heeded them. The
court of inquiry thinks this vital sup
port of the charge against Miles of
neglect of duty.
General Miles will show when recalled
that he knew there was "rotten" meat
and short rations on board, and that
he personally secured the use of the
ship's galleys for the men, so that they
could cook their bacon and warm their
tomato stew.
Evidence as to the chemical treat
ment of refrigerated beef will be sub
mitted at the last sessions of the Court
cf Inquiry. It promises to be convin
cing.
It is asserted that General Miles may
be led to challenge the impartiality of
Judge Advocate Davis, if he persists in
his apparent disposition to let evidence
unfavorable to any of the food supply
except canned roast beef get on record.
Friends of Miles recall that Colonel
Davis wrote a report several years ago
adverse to the bill to make General
Miles a lieutenant general.
CASE OF SMALLPOX
FOUND AT CLEVELAND
Inmates of a Large Apartment House
Placed Under Strict Quaran
tine.
CLEVELAND, March 5.— A case of
smallpox was discovered to-day in a big
down town apartment house, in which
nearly 400 people are living. The victim
is an attorney and he is the room
mate of Frederick L. Taft, Assistant
County Solicitor. The sick man was sent
to the* Smalpox Hospital, while Mr. Taft
was committed to the Detention House
and all the inmates of the building were
quarantined in the apartment house.
The situation is ludicrous in some re
spects. Those who were in could not get
out, and those who were out when tne
case was discovered were refused admit
tance to their rooms unless they were will-
Ing to submit to the quarantine regula
tions. Most of the people took it good-na
turediy. They communicated with their
friends by telephone and some of them
let down flaskets by ropes from the upper
stories and hauled up various supplies, of
which they were in need.
WOOLEN GOODS COMBINE.
PHILADELPHIA, March s.— lt seems
to be generally anticipated in wool circles
in this city that the amalgamation of a
number of the larger woolen manufactur
ing concerns of this city into a large com
pany is a matter of the near future. This
is expected 10 follow as a result of the re
cent formation in New York of the Amer
ican 'Woolen Association.
All the wool manufacturers who were
approached on the subject preserved a
strict reticence. Some of the wool deliv
erers, however., who are in close touch
with the manufacturers, intimated that
the woolen goods market had been in a
very unsatisfactory condition for some
time past and if there was any movement
looking to a consolidation of interests it
was due to this cause. Methods in vogue,
it wa.s said, had placed the manufacturer
at the mercy of the buyer, and trade
agreements had proved of little benefit to
the former.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
The good name of
Allcock's
Porous Piasters
V.
has induced # many persons to deceive the
public by offering plasters which are not
only lacking in the best elements of the
genuine article but are often harmful in
their effects.
The public should be on their guard
against these frauds, and, when a plaster
is needed, be sure to insist upon having
J X *~J
the best. When you buy Allcock's you
obtain absolutely the best plaster made.
WILY BUNKO MEN
NOW IN MOURNING
Day of Excitement at
Tiburon.
SANTA ROSA MAN ROBBED
knxGht;. of the pea and
shell arrested.
One Malefactor Escapes and Another
Makes a Break for Liberty at
Sausalito, but Is Recap
tured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TIBURON, March s.— Six of the pea
and shell game operators who reaped a
rich harvest at the expense of the un
wary last summer returned to their old
"stamping ground" to-day and met with
a warm reception. All were arrested and
sufficient evidence to convict them was
obtained before they fully realized what
was going on, but the element of excite
ment was added to the affair by two at
tempts to escape from the clutches of
the officers, one of which was success
ful. One of the malefactors broke away
and managed to get as far as San Fran
cisco, but was caught by Creed just as
he was trying to sneak off the boat at
the slip.
The six men came to Tiburon this aft
ernoon and soon had their illegal game In
full blast. They finally fleeced a promi
nent Santa Rosa contractor out of $115
and a merry row resulted. While the
contractor, whose name could not be
learned, was declaring that he had been
robbed and an excited crowd was surg
ing about the scene a machinist named
Harris telephoned a friend in Sausallto
to inform Constable Garrity of what was
going on. Instead of Garrity, Creed came
over in a boat and placed the six under
arrest. One of them broke away and
jumped aboard the train for San Rafael
as It was pulling out of the station. The
others offered to refund the contractor's
money, but Creed grabbed it and kept it
as evidence.
Justice Bellrude was sent for, and took
the men to Sausallto. They gave the
names of J. Schubner, George Brooks, E.
Goldberg, H. Hickley and John Smith..
While they were at the ferry slip under
charge of I^ouis Becker, Creed being ab
sent, Brooks ran through the gate and
aboard the last boat for the metropolis.
Creed returned in time to get aboard as
the boat was leaving the slip. He discov
ered Brooks trying to leave the boat at
the San Francisco ferry and gave him
Into the charge of two policemen, who
took him to the Harbor Police Station.
All the men were charged with having
violated a State gaming law, and it is the
intention of the authorities of Marin
County to make an example of them. The
four at Sausalito tried to get bondsmen,
but failed and werf locked up in the
town jail for the night.
Return of Spanish Troops.
VALENCIA. March s.— The French
steamer Lherlbon, Captain Aillard. char
tered by the Spanish Government, arrived
here to-day from Cienfuegos by way of
St. Michaels with repatriated Spanish
troops.
King Humbert's Chaplain Dead.
ROME. March 5. —Mgr. Anzino. chief
chaplain of King Humbert, died to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
B-B-B-n-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
I ■-■■•■ '
■ IMF I'd ■ TWfl • I a
-Walj I This Is :
tmCII! Great.;
T . ■
***$. I'm a new man since I wore that famous Belt I m
■ s^rcl got from Dr. McLaughlin. Never felt anything like T
I \S-y Ido now since I was a boy. Lend it you? Well, n
B }v^jL_ see here. You must return it or g[et one for your- T
I xdw\i&^S&^ self. I would as soon part with my right hand as mt
■ MET v jBJa with that Belt. I eat well, sleep well and weigh T
I £&^v>^fw« more than I have done for years. m
i &Ls*Y> V * BiA This is a type of what is said every day by T
m BBbV (* * Saßm those using •
fJpl MY DR. SANDEN'S ; '
I 1 [ i ELECTRIC BELT. .
_ mB v fIV \ ral When worn for those diseases it is intended to ■
I - jmm&& - fIA \ B cure, it never fails, and the proofs of this are so I
■a wi'-'^ Jell \Bb strong as to silence all doubt. Read what T. J. m
" BBbI P&*l \SB DAILEY says. His address is Hydesville, Hum- T
- -^^W / 1 V • boldt County, Cal.: " . —
■ ■■
1 "February 9th I suffered from nervous- prostration, weakness and con- __
■ stipation so badly that the doctors could not help me. I wore your Belt, ■ -
I in all, about 40 days. It has regulated m- bowels, my heart beats na'.ur- '
■ ally, I weigh 30 pounds more than I did and feel as full of ambition as "'
I tho' only 20 years old. Your Belt has saved my life." - ,
■ Call or write for free book. , ■
f M M A Mcl AUfiHLIN O Z^l!& <^^^ ■
m lI R. ill. A* ITlwLAllUllJLlllf Office urs— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sunday*. J,
■ 10 to 1. Never sold in drug store*. ■
■ —■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■--■— •■—■—■ —■—■—■—■—■—■—■—«—■_■ '
SALE OF UNION
PACIFIC LANDS
Six Million Acres to Be
Disposed Of.
GREAT AUCTION AT OMAHA
COMPANY CERTAIN TO BID IN
THE PROPERTY.
Following Confirmation of the Sale
the Large Tracts Will Be Put
on the Market at
Once.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, March s.— At 10 o'clock vo
morrow morning, at the Courthouse in
this city, the Union Pacific Railway
Company will begin one of the heaviest
auction sales of public lands ever held
in the country. The lands aggregate
6,000,000 acres and are covered by the
sinking fund mortgage given by the
company on December 18, 1873, to the
Union Trust Company of New York as
trustee. The lands are located in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Colorado and Utah.
The disposition c-f the property and the
confirmation of the same will practi
cally bind up all the financial difficul
ties of the road incurred previous to
the taking control by the present man
agement.
The number of acres and their loca
tion are approximately as fallows: Ne
braska, 1,107,759; Colorado, 342,534; Wyo
ming, 4,062,640, and Utah, 618,824 acres.
Sherman R. Day, as special master,
will make the sale, and he will offer the
various tracts separately and then as a
whole, disposing of the property in the
manner which brings the most money.
The upset price is $4,605,000 for all the
land in the four States, which is 6,131,559
acres.
It probably will require about thirty
days after the sale before it will be
confirmed by the United States Court,
but after the confirmation the Union
Pacinc Company will put the land on
the market without delay.
There is little question that the prop
erty will be bid in by the Union Pa
cific Company, represented by Vice
President Cornish, who arrived in the
city to-day. After the sale to-morrow
Mr. Cornish will go to Colorado, Wyo
ming and Utah to attend the sales of
the lands in those States, which will
be held during the week. The officials
of the Union Pacinc Company antici
pate an almost unparalleled influx of
settlers to these lands during the com
ing year. _^_________
Judgments for Letter-Carriers.
WASHINGTON, March s.— The follow
ing judgments have been ordered by the
Court of Claims in the cases of San,
Francisco letter carriers: Louis E. Boi
vin, $107 60: William Farrell, $197 61; Au
gust E. Goetz Jr.. $196 27: Edward J. Jen
nings. $50 45; William Laird, $52 13; George
M. Mathewa, $192 84; William A. O'Con
ner, $176; William W. Reilly, $124 73.
34
Monday march 6, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sis.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1808.
I OITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cento.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). ( months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— Single Month « " j
ECXDAT CALL One Year i- 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year *•«<>
AH postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Cample ccples will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Bunding
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlft*« Moos*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montrjomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ODen until j
9.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 j
o'clock 613 LarKln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 El«ventlj
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second arts
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- '
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "La Tosca."
Tlvoll— "La Belle Helene."
Or rheurr.— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Man With a raft."
Ij - "The Hunchback."
Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company. Monday even-
Ing. March 13
Alhambra — Sousa Concerts.
Alhambra— "Dewey, the Hera of Manila."
Chutes and Ztoo— Plar.ka, the "'L«.dy of Lions.'"
Olymp'.a— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
rontra' Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By K. W. Louderback— To-morrow, at 10:30 a. m.. and
2:30 p. m.. Turkish Kuks. at 123 Geary street.
By S. Watklna & Co. — Monday, March 6, at 11 o'clock,
H.->rs>"'!=. at ISO Valencia street.
THE BUSINESS OF RECORD-BREAKING
THE United States seems to have gone into the
business of record-breaking. Each succeeding
month breaks the record of its predecessor in
some way or other. This cheerful procedure has been
going on for a year or more, and the end is apparently
not yet. November was the busiest ever known; De
cember beat it with distance to spare; January was the
heaviest opening month in the history of the country;
and now comes February with an exhibit at which
we are expected to hold up our hands in mute admira
tion. The Clearing-house exchanges of the country
were about $7,000,000,000, against $5, 567, 553-000 in
February. 1898. In all the years of weekly commercial
reporting there has been no week in which the
country made such a general good showing as it did
last week. The gain in bank clearings was large,
being 39.4 per cent, and there was a marked advance
in wages, voluntary in most cases, an immense and
urgent call for iron and steel manufactures at soaring
prices, a marked improvement in the demand for cot
ten and dry goods, and a decrease in failures to 177,
against 232 for the same week last year.
But it must not be forgotten that there is always an
increase in trade when the conditions are normal.
The population is continually increasing, and if there
were no increase in the volume of business it would
show that commerce was not keeping up with the
gain in population. So some of this extraordinary
gain that we are continually hearing about is really
no gain at all. Still, it cannot be gainsaid that the
country on the whole is extremely prosperous, and
excepting here on the Pacific coast, where the dry
weather checks trade the business of the United States
is really very large and increasing.
There are certain indications, however, that the
tables are being slightly turned in some directions. In
a recent financial circular Henry Clews, the New York
banker, who keeps pretty close watch on commercial
conditions, called attention to the fact that the ratio
of exports to imports had begun to decrease, though
the balance of trade is still enormously in favor of
this country. Wall street, too, has apparently scented
a mare's nest somewhere, for there was quite a decline
in stocks last week, those stocks which have lately
been booming being the chief sufferers. The money
market, too, hardened somewhat, and the money
lenders showed a disposition to object to industrials
as collateral. As an offset to this, however, the recent
heavy selling of our securities by foreigners has
ceased, and they are now buying again, as shown by
the fact that outgoing steamers from New York are
once more carrying away large blocks of our stocks,
principally low-priced securities, which, being com
paratively cheap now. promise a profit later on. It
is proper to add in this connection that the decline
was not serious. The cause of the current distrust
of industrials is a curious one; the demand was so
sharp that prices advanced to a point where foreigners
could buy more cheaply elsewhere, and as they have
already begun to do this the long heads in Wall street
are becoming cautious. It seems to be a case of too
much prosperity, which, we are told, is harder to bear
than adversity.
Local conditions show no change whatever. We are
still wholly dependent on the weather. The threat
ened rainstorm in the middle of the week did not get
below San Francisco, and the northern part of the
State got only from a quarter to half an inch, though
this was sufficient to keep the crops growing another
month in that section. The coast counties as usual
got the lion's share. The San Joaquin and Salinas
valleys are still dry, and unless they get rain very soon
the painful experiences of 1898 are likely to be re
peated. They can run along for a little time yet,
however.
Of course this has a quieting effect on local trade.
California is essentially a producing State, and if the
farmer is not prosperous none of the rest of us are.
The conditions are ripe for a season of commercial
activity, but nothing short of a good rain all over the
State will set the wheels running. As a rule, however,
thanks to the copious rainfall in the early part of
January, the crops are in better condition than at this
time last year, and last year we had enough to eat and
some to sell besides. So even at the worst we are not
very badly off.
A wise person has said that the poorest use possible
to make of a man was to hang him. This is a good
rule generally, but it docs not apply to highbinders.
Just now there is current a rumor that Dreyfus is to
he set free. Every such rumor naves the way for a
denial, and thus keeps alive interest in the matter.
Bailey has balked as leader of the House minority,
but a suspicion exists that the minority balked first
FOR THE STATE OND FOR THE PARTY
AS the time draws nearer for the adjournment of
the Legislature the Senatorial contest becomes
more critical. Public attention is turned with
increasing intentness to Sacramento, where the ma
jority of the Republican legislators are standing firmly
for the honor of the party and of the State against the
assaults, the intrigues and the machinations of a gang
of self-seeking politicians backed by the corrupt and j
corrupting power of the Southern Pacific Company.
The Republican party pledged itself to the people j
in the last campaign that the railroad was out of poli- j
tics. The representatives of the party in the Legisla- |
ture have now to maintain that pledge by shutting the j
door against the railroad in its desire to elect one i
of its most unscrupulous allies to the United \
States Senate. The duty thus far has been performed
by a two-thirds majority of the Republicans with a j
notable firmness. The railroad and its hirelings have
been able to win over to Burns but a mere fraction
o. f the party, and it is safe to say every member of that
fraction will disappear from politics when his pres
ent term of office is over.
In the meantime the railroad and the political ;
traitors who have sought to ruin the Republican party j
in California have resorted to every means their cun- j
ning could devise or their courage undertake to ac- j
complish their end. The threats of bullies and the i
cajolery of tricksters have alike been used to win
votes, but with the exception of the three— Wright,
Jilson and Simpson— their efforts have been vain.
! The overwhelming majority of the representatives of j
the party have remained true to their Republicanism
and their pledges. They have yielded nothing to
bribes, bullying or cunning.
Baffled in its efforts to get back into power in poli
tics by a direct way, the railroad has been seeking to
sneak in through a secret caucus and win by indirec
tion. Every argument the most ingenious casuistry
can construct has been set up in favor of this specious
scheme, and it is certain that extreme tactics will be
made use of to carry it through before the Legisla
ture adjourns
The time is now short and the conspirators against
the State and the party are desperate. The crisis in
the contest has surely been reached. It is that fact j
that attracts public attention and fixes it so intently
upon Sacramento. It is safe to say that not even
during the stress of the ballotings of the first week will j
so close a watch be kept on the vote as will be from !
this time on.
It is not likely that any Republican who has stood
firm for the right so long will fail now. No sane man
will follow the example and share the disgrace of the j
three weaklings who yielded to Burns and Herrin,
when by holding on the course they kept in the past
they can return with honor to their constituents and
be greeted with the words, "Well done, good and j
faithful servant."
PROFESSIONAL FEES.
DOCTORS complain that wealthy people refuse
to pay the legitimate price for being snatched
as brands from the burning. (The figure is,
perhaps, unfortunate, but let it go.) In other words,
they say that the rich balk at the charges the doctors
make. The question is of course a delicate one, and
members of the medical fraternity are in a stew, for
when they turn to the courts they do not find the
ready sympathy for which they pine. There are few
jurymen who have not at some time been flabber
gasted and paralyzed by violent contact with a bill for
medical attendence.
Nearly as a layman may be permitted to judge the
legitimate, reasonable fee of a doctor is the sum he
can get. He might lance a boil that a poor man
brought to his office and expect only $2 or such a
trifle. He might be called to the house of Dives, find
there a similar boil and, lancing it, calmly send a bill
for $1000. In the first instance he would be satisfied.
In the second instance he would rebel at any tendency
to demur, and, taking the matter into the tribunal of
justice, swear and get a regiment of fellow-practition
ers to swear that $1000 was only unreasonable in being
too modest. They would tell of the long years of
training necessary to equip one for the successful
lancing of a boil, the nights of study, the nervous
strain, and in all likelihood get a verdict for a respect
able sum.
We have no quarrel with the doctors, and they are
welcome to all they can recover; only when they re
ceive for a few days' work an amount which to a wage
worker would represent a year's income, and while
earning this have also the privilege of attending on
other patients, they must not expect outside their own
ranks an active indorsement.
It is understood that some of them are preparing a
blacklist to embrace the names of obdurate million
aires who decline to pay a fortune for services which
would cost others only a few months' salary. The
millionaires refuse to place on their own soundness
of body the estimate which appears in accounts ren
dered, and they are to be taught a lesson. This is a
matter in which people in ordinary circumstances need
not take an active interest. They are merely specta
tors at a battle of giants and have a right to hope that
the best giant will win.
THE HARBOR COMMISSION^ BILL.
WHEN Senator Dickinson's Harbor Commis
sion bill came up for consideration on Satur
day he submitted a substitute measure de
signed to avoid some of the objections made to it in
committee. The action of the Senator was well
enough as far as it went, but it did not go far enough.
He would have done better to have withdrawn his
bill altogether and applied for leave to file it in the
waste basket.
Not a single argument can be advanced in favor of
increasing the number of Harbor Commissioners to
five, which will not of itself raise up a stronger argu
ment against the proposition. It is doubtful whether
five men would constitute a more efficient commission
than a smaller number, but it is certain they would
draw more salaries and thereby lessen the amount of
money available for harbor purposes. Five men might
have more honesty than the lesser number, but it is
equally true they might have more corruption; and
while they might form a stronger body to oppose the
persistence of place-hunters, they are likely to have
more friends to reward and a larger number of hench
men to support.
The State of California has not only as many com
missions but as many commissioners as the taxpayers
are willing to support. A bill to increase the mem
bers on any salaried commission is just about as oH
jectionable as one to create a new commission. In
the one case as in the other there would be an increase
of expenditures for official salaries, and to that there
ir. a decided objection.
The only reform needed in the Harbor Commission
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
is the enactment of some law by which members of
it can be brought to trial and punishment, if guilty, of
wasting the funds intrusted to their care, or of any
form of corruption in office. A recent official report
shows that in the construction of the ferry depot the
Harbor Commission then in office committed acts
which bear every evidence of mismanagement and
fraud, and yet the same report declares there is no
law under which the perpetrators of the wrong can
be punished. From facts set forth in the report con
clusive evidence can be drawn that we need more
laws, but neither in that report nor elsewhere are
there to be found any facts tending to the conclusion
that we need more commissioners.
THE MULLAN CLAIM VETO.
ONCE more Governor Gage has exercised the
veto power in a way that merits general ap
proval. He has refused his assent to a bill ap
propriating $45,616 30 to pay the notorious Mullan
claim against the State, which Assemblyman Johnson
succeeded in getting through the Legislature.
This claim, which has been persistently urged for a
long time, is without justification. The State is under
neither a legal nor a moral obligation to pay it. An
attempt was at one time made to obtain from the
courts a judgment in favor of the claim, but the courts
declared it invalid. Since then recourse has been had
to legislators, and with such success on the part of the
claimant that the State would have been a loser of that
amount of money had it not been for the Governor's
veto.
The full story of the claim was told in The Call on
Sunday, and it is not worth while to repeat. Suffice
it that John Mullan was appointed in 1882 by Gov
| ernor Perkins to collect from the General Govern
ment the amount of money due under the act pro
viding for the repayment to the various States the
I sums levied upon them by the direct war tax. The
appointment was ratified by the Legislature in 1883
and Mullan went to work. Two installments of the
tax were paid by the Government and Mullan received
his authorized commission on them. In fact upon
one of them he received more than the commission
due him. In 1888 his appointment was revoked on the
ground that his services were entirely unnecessary,
and the result confirmed that view of the case, for the
Government paid the balance due without delay.
Mullan now claims he is entitled to a 20 per cent
commission on the whole amount. The courts have
declared his appointment was illegal, and the facts
show that he was paid more than was really due him
on the amounts he collected. The Governor has
therefore acted in accordance with justice as well as
cf economy in vetoing the bill. He has checked a
heavy raid on the State treasury and deserves credit
for it.
A FREEZE OUT FOR NEW ORLEANS.
WHILE the recent cold wave in the East cov
ered an area extending from the Rocky Moun
tains to the Azores and from the St. Lawrence
River to Tampa Bay, carrying disaster to all sections
cf that wide expanse, its most grievous effects ap
pear to have been produced in Louisiana. In fact, it
was one of the features of the storm that it was
colder in the South than in the North, and when at
the extreme of its severity the temperature was lower
in Atlanta than in New York.
New Orleans was ready for her annual Mardi Gras
festival when the cold wave set in. The temperature
did not sink so low there as in Atlanta, but it sank
low enough to give that city the coldest day in its
history. The New Orleans Picayune says that for
four days in succession the residents of the city be
held the unwonted sight of vast floes of heavy ice
floating down the Mississippi River. The floes
passed on unmelted to the Gulf of Mexico, and pre
sented an extraordinary spectacle in the water of that
sea, which is largely within the tropics.
Of the effect upon the crops of the State the Pica
yune says: "Th,ere is little room to hope that the
orange trees have escaped practically total destruc
tion. Except where uncommonly well protected the
trees have probably been killed, and the result will be
that for several years to come the orange crop of this
State will be virtually nil. By far the most serious
consequence of the freeze has been the damage to
sugar interests. It is reported that the ground has
been frozen all the way from three to four inches be
low the surface, and that as a result much of the
stubble in the cane fields has suffered."
Concerning the effects of the blizzard upon
Mardi Gras the Picayune says little, but a correspon
dent of the Chicago Times-Herald, who attended the
festivities, reports that when the cold wave came it
had New Orleans completely at its mercy, and that
the Northern visitors suffered more than the natives,
for as they went South expecting to find sunshine and
tropic warmth they were equipped with thin suits,
light summer underwear and spring overcoats.
Against these adverse conditions, says the Times-
Herald, New Orleans hospitality, which is proverbial
for its warmth, struggled in vain. The city was
crowded, for the Mardi Gras of that city is the great
est of American festivals — indeed, one of the greatest
in the world, and draws visitors from all parts of the
continent. Clubs and private residences were
thrown open to the public, and everything in the
range of possibility was done to care for the visiting
multitudes. The grand processions were held as a
concession to the strangers who had come so far to
see them, but owing to the cold, the sleet and the
wind there was little pleasure to the spectators, and
all the enthusiasm of the frolic was expended at the
grand ball.
With such a record in the gayest of Eastern winter
resorts we ought to revive our midwinter festivals
and give pleasure-seekers in search of February sun
shine a place where they can be s*afe from blizzards.
A Mardi Gras in San Francisco would never be In
tenupted by storms of sleet, nor marked by the sight
of heavy ice floes drifting across the bay to the sta.
When President Jordan of Stanford University
stated that Mr. McKinley had put a fool in the Cab
inet he ought to have been more explicit.
Admiral Dewey had the advantage of not mixing
in any squabbles except of the dignified sort to be
settled by a few broadsides.
It is to be regretted that so many of the impas
sioned legislative remarks have to be represented
thus: !
It is well that Burns made a speech and thereby
surprised his following. He is likely to have so few
opportunities.
«
Murders in San Francisco would be less frequent if
the trap were to fall with greater frequency at San
Quentin.
If Sampson felt at liberty to express himself he
would probably refer to the other fellow as ''devilish
Schley."
The Post uses the headline, "Foul Play Sus
picioned." This is a worse fate than foul play de
serves.
CLEVER CAPTURE
OF A BRACE OF
COUNTERFEITERS
Caught in an Oakland
Cottage.
PART OF THE OUTFIT FOUND
GOOD WORK OF SECRET SERVICE
OFFICER BROWNE.
When Confronted With Evidence of
Their Guilt One of the Pris
oners Makes a Con
fession.
A counterfeiting 1 pcheme was cleverly
nipped in the bud in Oakland late yester
day afternoon by United States Secret
Service Officers Browne and Cronin, when
two men, giving their names as Amos H.
Vliet, aged :u years, and H. D. Pell, 44
years, were arrested on suspicion of coun
terfeiting.
They are charged with felony on tne
small book at the Oakland City Prison,
where they occupy separate cells. The of
ficers have possession of part of the out
fit, consisting of crucibles, metal, plaster
of paris and other appliances used by the
counterfeiters, also a bogus dollar.
About three weeks ago Vliet and Pell
rented the small cottage at 520 iorty
i fourth street. No furniture, however, was
j moved in. During the daytime the nouse
was deserted, but at night there was ac
tivity in one of the rear rooms and the
men usually remained up all night. There
was usually considerable hammering dur
ing the night and this attracted the at
tention of neighbors, who last Wednesday
notified the police that the place and its
occupants would bear watching.
Friday night Chief of Police Fletcher
had Officers Kahn and Pardee visit the
cottage at 520 Forty-fourth street, but
though the officers searched carefully they
found nothing aside from an old blanket
and a large valise. The counterfeiters,
moreover, did not put in an appearance
that night.
When Secret Service Officers Cronin and
Browne arrested the prisoners the latter
offered no resistance.
Pell has virtually confessed his connec
tion with the scheme. His story is that
of a man who, being unable to earn money
with which to secure the comforts of life,
decided to manufacture money.
Both prisoners claim to be from the I
East. Pell was raised in Kentucky,
while Vliet says he hails from New York.
They met in San Francisco four weeks |
ago. Vliet claims to be a carpenter, while j
Pell's occupation is given by him as a
piano tuner.
Both feigned reticence to reporters. ;
"Never mind, we don't care to talk to re
| porters about this affair at all," said
Vliet to a Call reporter. "We didn tdo |
anything wrong am. lived in that cot
tage because it was cheaper than living
In San Francisco. What kept us up late ;
at night was the fact that Pell usually
didn't get home until 11 o'clock or so. ,
He's a piano tuner and gives lessons, too,
and we can live here for 50 cents a day.
The officers found no money on me, for I
hadn't a bean."
Pell after a time admitted that it was j
their intention to manufacture counterfeit |
money. . _
"You see, as a matter of fact, we had
hardly got started," said Pell. "It was
more of an experiment, but it hadn't prov
ed a success thus far.
"The dollar the officers found might
have been dropped by me, but you see I'd
rather not talk about this business until i
I have engaged counsel. We only had a
little of the metal, only about half a ;
pound, and. as I tell you, it was simply j
an experiment."
Pell seemed very much concerned as to i
what court his case will bo tried before.
"If it is to be tried in San Francisco,"
he continued, "why. I have lots of ac
quaintances over there. I am a piano
tuner by occupation, but things have been
rather dull lately. I was born in Ken
tucky, and came to San Francisco nine
years ago. About four weeks ago I met
Vliet. He's a carpenter and he was hard
up, too, so we decided to rent a little
cottage over in Oakland, because it was
cheaper than living in San Francisco.
"What kind of coins did we propose to
make? Why, I suppose dollars, but as I
told you before we hadn't made any yet;
we were only experimenting."
There has been an unusually large
amount of spurious money in dimes and j
nickels, as well as dollars, turned into |
local circulation of late and the authori
ties feel confident that they now have be
hind the bars two men whom they believe !
are none other than clever counterfeiters. |
The accused counterfeiters are men of i
medium stature. Both have sandy mus- j
taches, and are anything but neat of per
sonal appearance. While apparently not I
endowed with an overabundance of intel
ligence, they evidently knew enough to
destroy some of the utensils used In their
enterprise, or at least hide them where
the officers have been unable to locate
them, for while the authorities secured
what they believe to be sufficient evidence
to convict, they have thus far failed to
discover any dies, milling apparatus or
hammers, the noise of which aroused the
suspicion of neighbors and led to their
capture.
Secret Service Officer Browne said:
"Some time ago we were informed that.
counterfeit halves and uuarters were be- ]
ing passed in San Jose. A little later there !
came to us a similar complaint from Oak
land, and mis in turn was followed by one
from San Francisco. The halves and
quarters were of a very superior kind and
quality.
"About ten days ago I received notice
from one of my special agents in Oakland I
that two strange men had rented a house
at 520 Forty-fourth street. The curiosity of !
the people living in the vicinity of this
house was attracted by the fact that a
light was kept burning nearly all night, j
and this, added to the additional fact that
no one seemed to know anything 1 of the
men, had aroused their suspicions. By
my orders the men were shadowed. They
came frequently to San Francisco and j
were largely in evidence in the tenderloin, j
Finally we decided that they were the
men we wanted and J. F. Cronin, one of
my deputies, and myself made the arrest.
"The men were gTeatly surprised when |
we informed them that we were Federal
officers, and that we wanted to search the
premises. At first they denied being
counterfeiters or having any counterfeit i
paraphernalia. After considerable ques- |
tionlng, in which I managed to tangle
them up. Vliet confessed that they had
been making counteneit dollars. We re
covered a crucible that they melted
their metal in and also some plaster of
paris, which they used for making molds.
I also have in my possession a sample of
one of the counterfeit dollars that was
made by them. It is light in weight and
the lettering is crudely done, but other
wise it is a good counterfeit anu could be
passed. We found in the house a small
brick oven that had been built In one of
the rooms. The men wore using coke in
this, which fact in itself is very suspi
cious. I am not certain yet that these are
the men who have been operating in San
Jose. Oakland and this city. There is at
present in circulation in San Francisco a
counterfeit nickel that is an excellent im
itation."
CAPTAIN BABNES RECOVERING.
Ex-District Attorney Had a Narrow
Escape From a Serious Attack
of Pneumonia.
Captain William S. Barnes. ex-District
Attorney, has just passed through an or
deal dangerously close to dread pneumo
nia. For forty-eight hours Dr. McGettl
gan, the attending physician, was very
doubtful as to the result of the conges
tion which affected the patient's lungs.
Fortunately the attack was less severe
than was anticipated and the captain is
now safely on the road to recovery.
Dr. McGettigan thinks all danger is
past, unless a relapse occurs. Every pro
caution will be taken to insure convales
cence, as Captain Barnes' physique is
such that pneumonia would almost cer
tainly prove fatal.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
James H. Armstrong of Denver Is at
the California.
H. M. Knowles, a merchant of Boston,
Is at the Palace.
T. S. Spaulding, a merchant of Wood
land, is staying at the Grand.
Georgre Trorey. a prominent merchant
of Vancouver, B. C, is a late arrival at
the Grand.
E. J. Dv Bois. a mining man -who owns
properties in this State, is registered at
the Grand from Paris.
W. D. Duke of Dixon, manager of J. B.
Hag-gin's cattle interests in this State, is
a guest at the California.
V. G. De l'Estoille, a French resident,
who has large mining interests in Au
j hum, !s one of the arrivals at the Grand.
Frank W. Hibbs, U. S. N., assistant na-
I val constructor, is at the Occidental and
•will go to Mare Island to assume his offi
cial duties.
Arthur M. Bradbury of Los Angeles and
J. R Goodale of Utica arrived on the
transport City of Puebla from Manila and
registered at the Palace, preparatory to
returning to their homes.
Sam Rucker came up from San Jose
yesterday and registered at the Palace.
He comes to attend the obsequies of his
brother, James T. Rucker, who died last
Saturday, and to whom he was devotedly
atttached.
A quartet of physicians have registered
at the Lick and include Dr. George H.
Strn-vvbridge, surgeon of the City of
Puebla; Dr. J. L. Asay of San Jose, Dr.
A. E. Keefe, with his wife and child, of j
Chicago and Dr. A. McMillan, wife and I
son of Denver.
Rev. A. Karney, B. A., an Episcopal |
clergyman of London, is at the Occiden- |
tah He comes here to relieve Rev. S. H. j
Fullerton, M. A., who has been in charge j
of the Seaman's Institute for several
years. He will be joined by H. W. L.
O'Rourke. M. A., who will arrive shortly j
and assit in the work which has assumed I
such large proportions. Mr. Karney will j
return to London for a merited rest.
A party of ten arrived from New York
yesterday morning on the special car Cor
sair, and engaged rooms at the Palace, j
It includes R. L. Crawford, for thirty
1 years past general Eastern freight agent
of the New York Central lines; his wife,
his three sons, E. L. Crawford, R. L.
Crawford Jr. and H. L. Crawford; his
son-in-law. Rev. J. Fred Talcott, assist-
I ant rector of St. Bartholomew's Episcopal |
Church, with his wife and two children,
; and Rev. D. Asa Blackburn, pastor of
i the Church of the Strangers. They have
' tome to this coast simply for pleasure
j and will visit all the points of interest.
CALIFORNIAN3 IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March s.— George W. j
j Osgood of Los Angeles is at the National j
| Hotel. H. R. Rennart of San Francisco is
i at Wlllard's Hotel.
NEWS OF FOEEIGN NAVIES.
Armstrong & Whitworth, at Newcastle,
have the exclusive order of supplying guns
and gun-mounts for all the ships buiiding
lin Europe for the Japanese navy. These
! contracts aggregate about $10,000,000.
The Freya, a German second-class
cruiser of 5650 tons, is ready for sea. She
made 20 knots with 10,500 horsepower.
Three sister ships, named Hertha, Victo
ria Luise and Vlneta, are approaching
completion.
The Russian admiralty has given a con
tract for ten torpedo-boat destroyers to
the Belgian Shipbuilding: Company
at Nicolaieff and Bellino-Foudench at
Odessa. They are to be completed within
two years, and are intended for the Pa
cific squadron, whither they will be sent
in parts on the steamers of the volun
teer rleet, and put together either at Port
Arthur or at Vladivostok.
The French cruiser Protet, of 4065 tons
displacement, built by contract at Bor
deaux, has passed through her steam
trials. Under full power the engines de
veloped 9300 horsepower and a speed of 20
knots, exceeding the contract by 300 horse
power and one knot. During the twenty
four-hour trial under two-third power the
engines developed 6500 horsepower, and the
coal consumption was only 1.7 pounds.
The German battle-ship Kaiser Fried
rich lll— the first of five new ships— has
been completed, and made a speed of IS
knots under full power, the engines giv
ing 13.500 horsepower. She was designed
to make 18 knots with 13,000 horsepower,
and while the speed has been realized
there appears to be a waste of power. She
was begun In 1596 at Wllhelmshafen, is
11,130 tons displacement and is reported to
have cost $3,530,000.
Of the forty-eight ships of the German
navy in commission twenty-three are on
foreign stations. Of this number ten are
in the Pacific, five on the African coast,
two in Brazilian waters, two in the Medi
terranean, two in the West Indies and two
training ships are cruising. Only two ar
mored ships, the Deutschland and Kaiser,
are in commission abroad and the greater
number of vessels on stations away from
home are small cruisers and gunboats.
Lord Beresford has no confidence in sub
marine beats, and is quoted as saying:
"It is quite useless as a fighting machine,
owing to the necessary absence of morale
among a crew, which would be in a blue
funk c.f it all the time." The probability
is that partly submerged boats — on the
line of the Nordenfelt, which exposes only
a small surface— will prove of more prac
tical utility and be more remunerative
to the Inventor.
The Hongkong and Whampoa Dock
Company has declined to accept the re
sponsibility of docking the British bat
tle-ship Victorious, the very sufficient rea
son being given that there is only six
inches to spare at the dock entrance. It
is not likely that the naval authorities
will dock the ship on their own responsi
bility, and the Victorious will probably be
detached from the China station and or
dered home and another armored ship of
less gigantic dimensions substituted. The
Victorious has a beam of 75 feet, while the
Oregon, now on her way to Manila, has
only 69 feet beam and draws about two
feet less water than the British battle
ship, and the Oregon will, therefore, ex
perience no difficulty in docking and thus
maintain her efficiency.
There are two 11-inch Krupp puns in the
Kimpai forts near Fuchau, which until
two years ago were in perfect condition.
The Chinese general at that time attempt
ed to experiment with a lot of Chinese
cracker powder, made to imitate the
proper prismatic powder, and ordered one
of the guns fired with a full charge of
352 pounds. The first charge strained the
gun so that the breech-block could not
be opened. Instead of taking warning
by this he ordered the other gun to be
fired, and the result was that the breech
was blown to the rear, killing- about twen
ty soldiers. The Chinese did not like to
lose both guns, and they were sent to the
Shanghai arsenal, where new screw
breeches were made, and on January 10
last both guns were fired with full charges
and the guns stood the strain.
France is building a number of com
merce destroyers, one of which, named
Guichen. is ready for her steam trials.
She is 8277 tons, about 900 tons larger than
the Columbia and Minneapolis of the
United States navy, and is to make a
speed of 23 knots. The ship was built by
contract at St. Nazaire, begun in October,
1895, launched Octoer 27, 1897. and her con
tract cost is $3,059,725. The series of trials
include three hours under full power to
develop 24,000 horsepower and 23 knots,
subject to penalties tor failure of speed
and excess of coal consumption, the ship
to be rejected if the speed falls to reach
21 knots. Next in order is a trial of twen
ty-four hours' durations with fire under
twenty-six of her thirty-six boilers, to de
velop 14,500 horsepower, and a fine of $30
per gramme of coal per horsepower con
sumed in excess of contract stipulations.
The series of trials conclude with eight
hours under 19,000 horsepower and a like
period under SSOO. The Guichen is fitted
with three screws and has a bunker ca
pacity of 1460 tons, calculated to give her
a steaming radius of 10,000 miles at a speed
of ten knots.
By the end of December, 1899, the British
navy will have in hand no less than six
teen battle-ships and twelve armored
cruisers in course of construction or com
pletion. Contracts for four battle-ships
cf 14,000 tons each were recently given out,
two going to the Thames Iron Works, one
to Laird and the fourth to Palmer's. Of
the twelve armored cruisers, eight are
already in course of building and three
have been contracted for at Fair-field,
Clydebank and at Barrows, and a fourth
is to be built at the Pembroke Dockyard.
The armored cruisers will be of 14.100 tons.
30,000 horsepower and have a speed of 23
knots. These eight ships represent 112,
--400 tons. 196,000 horsepower, and a cost,
exclusive of armament, of $40,000,000.
BESTOWAL OF
THE BRUCE MEDAL
To the eminent German scientist. Dr.
Arthur Auwers, the Bruce gold medal has
been recently awarded for distinguished
services to astronomy. This artistic token
of recognition, of which the Astronomical
Society of the Pacific is the trustee, was
awarded for the first time a year ago,
the recipient then being Professor Simon
Newcomb of "Washington. Dr. Auwers la
a native of Gottingen and is now in his
sixty-first year. For some time he was
connected with the observatory of Kon
igsberg, but since 1866 has been in the
Royal Observatory of Berlin and is sec
retary of the Academy of Sciences of that
rity. Many years ago he received the gold
medal of the Royal Astronomical Society
of London and also the Watson medal
from the Academy of Sciences of Wash
ington. These were bestowed chiefly in
recognition of his valuable work In the
calculation of stellar positions and mo
tions. With tireless zeal he has unrav
eled the abstruse complexities of stellar
parallax, stardrift, and the orbits of dou
ble stars, and according to Newcomb.
who is particularly qualified to form an
estimate of his labors, is a model investi
gator, and in industry and precision the
foremost of German astronomers. Among
the Important works published by Auwers
are four volumes on the Germa- observa
tions of the transit of Venus, and the re
roduction of Bradley's observations,
which latter has been invaluable to Struve
and other astronomers who have calcu
lated the apex of the sun's way. In a gra
cious letter of acceptance received a few
days ago Dr. Auwers expresses approval
of the method in which the selection of a
Bruce medallist is made, and also his
gratification in sharing the honor con
ferred previously on the eminent Ameri
can scientist, Professor newcomb.
ROSE O'HALLORAN.
CHINESE FAVORED.
A Honolulu Merchant Complains of
the Action of Commanders of
United States Vessels.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
j Call— Sir: I would like to call your at
| tention to a state of affairs, which I
think is not generally known even in . a
i small city, much less on the coast. I am
a constant reader of The Call, and the at-
I titude of that paper toward the hinese
lis well known. One of the great objec
) tions offered to annexation was the Chi
■ nese population in this country, and we
! constantly hear the cry "The Chinese
Must Go." Yet every American warship
■ and troopship Is supplied with stores by
! the Chinese, to the utter exclusion of
1 white traders. I, myself, have been re
fused permission to go on board a trans
i port, while a Chinaman walked up the
'■ gangplank at the same time. About ten
clays ago, when the Morgan City ar
•■ rived I boarded her as soon as she came
j alongside the wharf and submitted my
■ price list to the steward, who informed
Ime that the prices were lower than he
| paid last trip. He took me to the cap
-1 tain who was also satisfied, and told
Ime as it was late, to come down the
first thing in the morning and he would
give me the order. On going on board
,In the morning I was informed that tne
1 order had been handed to a Chinaman.
j I naturally felt disappointed, and asked
:if his prices were lower than mine. The
steward said. "No; not as low." I again
called on the captain, who in a very
pompous manner told me, '"Sir, lean pat
ronize the devil If I want to. If the ed
itor of The Call was in Honolulu for six
I months he would see that the Chinese
! are here to stuy, and that his own coun
: trvmen are the ones to help him. No
show for white men. JR. MILLS,
Honolulu, H. 1., February 20. 189S«.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 •
At a Methodist school in China ther<
were fifty girls picked out of some rlvei
or pond, where they had been thrown b>
parents to drown.
California Limited,
Santa Pc Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company" •
office. 62S Market Bt. •
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup* 1
Has been used for fifty years by million* ol
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes th» child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is tha best remedy foi
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething ot
other causes. For sale by Druggists In everj
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a botU*.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO- Take adv»atag«
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 N«w
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Look out for 81 Fourth st., near 5 cent barbs*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
The White Star line steamer Adriatic
which was built in 1871 at Belfast and It
one of the oldest boats of the line. Is abotr
to be broken up.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What is Scott's Emul-
sion ?
It is the best cod-liver cil,
partly digested, and com-
bined with the hypophos-
phites and glycerine. What
will it do It will make
the poor blood of the anaemic
rich and red.
It will give nervous energy
to the overworked brain and
nerves. It will add flesh to
the thin form of a child,
wasted from fat-starvation.
It is everywhere acknowl-
edged as The Standard oJ
the World,
$oc. and ti.oat all drugglsta.
SCOTT & DOWNE, Chemists, New Y«rfc©+o^+®+<3 ♦ ®<Ks>+®+®4<j*<2) "f®*®XD +®+®+® +®*s +®Xs>+®4-B*®+s
jCITYOFJjI| PARIS?
® DRY GOODS COMPANY. ®
t 1
1 ...SPRING OPENING 0F... 1
1 Rich Novelty Silks )
® J ®
I MONDAY, MARCH 6tH f |
? ...COMPRISING... ®
® ELEGANT FOULARD SILKS. %
% PATTERN DRESSES, in Checked Fancy Border Taffetas. |
I Striped and Checked TAFFETA SILKS, |
® 50 pieces FRENCH POPLINS, the latest coloring's. |
$ 100 pieces HEAVY TWILL WASH SILKS, new designs. |
I 200 pieces TAFFETA LINING SILKS, all colors.
© 0
■♦■ We shall receive daily by express all the latest Silk Effects produced by the "$•
® leading manufacturers of America and Europe. +
® ®
X COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. ■♦■
f t
t CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ®
? 8. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. ?
® UNION SQUARE. (i)
■T "♦"
04^-».t ♦ r?>.T4^ 4. ®+<s> 4- (?>4^ 4® -♦■ ®4®4® ■♦■ ®4®4® 4- ?*<•*<? -f ®4® -f ®4®4®
SULLIVAN TO
OPEN A HOTEL
IN NEW YORK
Will Soon Abandon
the Stage.
A HOME FOR BACHELORS
NOVEL SCHEME WHICH JOHN
THINKS HIGHLY OF.
Intends to Conduct an Apartment-
House With Restaurant Attached,
Though He Admits He Is
Off on Cooking.
John' L. Sullivan has decided to retire
from the stage, at least he so stated last
night, and will, after he has closed his
present theatrical season, open a small
hotel in New York on the "stag" plan, as
he describes it. He says the theatrical
profession in a lucrative sense Is a thing
of the past, and that there is more money
in renting rooms and looking after the
comforts of bachelor sports In New York
than there is in treading the boards and
being responsible for the salaries of twen
ty-six actors and actresses at the end of
each week.
"It is just this way," said John, "when
I return to New York I am going to quit
the stage for good, because thore
i-s nothing doing. I have carefully
considered a plan to run a hotel
on the European plan for bach
elors only. I will give them a
room for a dollar a day and then If they
want It I will have a restaurant in con
nection with the place to give them a
good breakfast in the morning for 50
cents. I am a little to the bad on -cooking
myself, but I will get a swell chef who
will give them a breakfasr for ,30 cent 3
that will skin the other restaurants to
death.
"I am out of politics for good and will
give others a chance in that line, and will
devote my whole time to the hotel busi-
Just fancy the number of steamers
that arrive in Now York in one week, and
when the world knows that I have opened
a hotel you bet I will get my share of
transient guests."
Sullivan leaves early this morning for
Banta Cruz and regrets that he will be un
to attend the Smith-Lavigne fight,
which he states will be a great contest.
He thinks it is a very even match, and
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide (8 Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, ' lot'
V porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agent*
:: CATALOGUES AND PRICK LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In o*rrapnfiig Wnfc toy « ** 9iMmU% fte— PU— MnUtm "flu Oill"
• o . :"'"""'
COPPERSMITH. • IRON FOUNDERS.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mar. Western. Foundry. Morton SHedleT. Prt»o*.
•O. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat; 234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery D«.
: & d »h??&y S? a Tefe P phTner'm a 6 »n a "64 1 l 6 i option Made toOrder. TeL BUOc 1503.
"""" BELTINQ ~ ' LIQUORS.
. • BtL1I " Ul ! Gudold Whiskey, gallon « 50: case *6 00
I "D fIEHFN Manufacturer of Beitlnjund, jF.C. O. Whiskey, do $1 25 " •
„ L. r. VEUEiI) Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- : L. CAHE.V & SOX, 41S Sacramento at., S. F.
■ion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. — — — -
Z— PAPER DEALERS.
BOILERMAKERS. WILLAMETTE P LP £ ND PAPER CO "
«■■ „__„_ , nATT rm TirrkT»T7-a " ILt - MI " L ' ' L ?22 Montgomery Street.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, PRINTINa —
;■:."„• -- W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. p£> fflir^HF^ PRINTER.
Ft*claJ Attention Paid to Repairs aad Ship *-»• **' ■ *-* V» »■«-» O' Ell Bantom« street
- • •■ "***■ Work. ~~
* '• «,i- i Ttr v 11* 11K WT^Tim ST STATIONER AND PRINTER.
•; • Offiw end Works— ll3-Uo MISSION ST. T( ., PC . aphlc n»n T n, can-
' .- : Telephone Mala 6045. ; j Code». " t\t\. 1 KlLlviC fornla «.
•'" . BOOKS AND STATIONERY. j THE HICKS- JUDD CO-. £££■•«%&.,.
■ -THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, | tvpewr,ter S . ~
7: * 42 VSttX: SSS-iISTSSS^. \ 2HX All Typewriters Rented.
•• . — — — ~~~ S2PS3J?* Few partly used for s*le cheap,
CARRIAGE MAKERS. MgUCSP * GEVTS SMITH PREMIER.
O'BRIEN t cnWC-^r, and Dea,*r, ■ S^&k L. &M. ALEXANDER.
0 BfiJEN Si SONSLandau.. Hacks. Victoria.. 110 Montgomery .tre«t.
. . Carts and Busies. Goldea Gau «■* and Pol* - wTdFHOUSFMFV
it San Francisco. ■ WAREHOUSEMEN.
— : " -_-„ THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
COAL. COKE AND Pld IRCM. Want" Afrits and Public Weigher.. G. -
i/-» \X/1 I C/^M At r*(~\ erai Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse.. Oen-
J. C. WILbUIN O6 UU.i era , of nee? no California st. Tel. Main 1814.
;-;.- 800 BATTERY STREET. WATCHES. ETC.
. ;• • Telephone Main 18«4. - T . fjvnv Headquarter, for fine Jewelry and
r :*,*,«r — — -•" " 1- LUnlllt ! 18-k. Wedding Rings. «3d st.
DRUGGISTS iV\ HOLES ALF.'. \ — —
aCniNPTfIM 0 -Pfl Second and Steven- \VHiT£ ASH STEAM COAL,
. IIUIIIUIUSi & III), sonSts. TeL Main 4 Mined by th.
' r- BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. a* »•
• FRESH AND SALT MEATS. OREEN RIVER COLLIERIES
' ; us. BOIES & CO.. hrfJ^ss^t AFJri£S& <fc«au
ADVERTISEMENTS*
that both men will know they have been
in a fight at the close of the contest.
AT PARK AND BEACH.
Immense Crowds at the Various
Pleasure Resorts.
The park and ocean beach swarmed
with pleasure-seekers from early morn
ing till long after nightfall last evening,
and it would be hard to decide which por
tion of the day was the most enjoyable.
During the day, unless one sought the
shelter of foliage, the sun was almost too
warm for comfort, while at nifht the air
was soft and balmy— such a day as rarely
comes to San Francisco. Vehicles of every
description filled the roadways, while the
bicycle paths were fairly alive witii
wheels.
Four accidents marred the day and
forcibly reminded the park police that
a certain class of riders must be brought
up with a short turn. On Sundays a
certain class of young men and boys in
vade the park on wheels and the minute
they are out of sight of the police tney
dash heedlessly along the paths, or coast
down the grades to the imminent danger
of pedestrians. There are ordinances
r. sulating the speed of bicyclists and pro
:g coasting in the park, and to tne
credit of the clubmen and regular riaers
they scrupulously respect the law, but
with the casual riders it is different, and
the accident to Mrs. W. B. "Webster is
the result.
At the Chutes another large crowd was
gathered. The balloon ascension and
parachute drop by Emil Markeberg be
ing the principal attraction. The daring
aeronaut cut loose when about 1000 feet
above the ground and landed safely a
short distance from the grounds.
Sermon on Thomas Caxlyle.
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church delivered a sermon on
•'Thomas Carlyle, a Calvlnistic Skeptic,"
last evening. Introductory to the sermon
the speaker briefly reviewed the lives of
other authors — Hume, Burns, Scott and
Shakespeare— and compared the produc
tions of their pens with the genius of
Carlyle. Continuing he said:
"This writer possessed a satirical vein
extraneous to other authors. He became
famous shortly after the appearance of
his essays in Frasier's Magazine in 1838.
In these he convinced people of his re
formatory nature, and later in his
sketches on the French revolution he laid
the leaders of the French factions on the
griddle, exposing their personal charac
ters and the motives which prompted
their action in the struggle. He was re
ligious but was also skeptical. His
views were always expressed with entire
frankness and with little heed of the re
sult. It is said that once while in the
presence of Queen Victoria he remarked:
"Pardon me if I sit, as I can always talk
better while sitting."
The speaker concluded by saying that
it might be well if the shade of Carlyle
could invade the halls of legislation at
mento and teach a lesson of right
eousness and honesty among the lawmak
ers there assembled.
Entertain Officers and Sailors.
A most enjoyable time is anticipated at
the "i'oung Men's Christian Association
to-morrow evening 1 , when large numbers
of cftioers and men of the United States
battle-ship lowa will be entertained by
the reception committee. Complimentary
cards of invitation and reserved seats
may be secured at the association build
ing.
THE BAJS" iFRAKCISOO CALL* MO]STBAT, MARCH 6, 1899.
ARE READY TO
CELEBRATE ST.
PATRICK'S DAY
Song and Oratory the
Features.
CELTIC SOCIETIES INVITED
FBOGBAMME FOR THE AFTER
NOON ARRANGED.
Eustace CulHnan. Will Recite an
Original Foem During the Ex
ercises at the Tivoli Opera
House.
The delegates of the United Irish socie
ties met in convention j'esterday afternoon
at Knights of the Red Branch Hall, on
Mason street, to arrange for the celebra
tion of St. Patrick's day on the 17th inst.
John Barret, the president of the society,
was in the chair.
William Broderick, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, reported that all the
plans were maturing and present indica
tions augured a great success. The Tivoli
management offered to advertise the per
formance of the "Lily of Killarney,"
which will be given on the afternoon of the
17th. and a vote of thanks was ordered.
The programme as now arranged will be
an oration by the orator of the day, the
reading of the poem by the poet of the
day and then the opera by the Tivoli
company.
Eustace Cullinan, who has the honor of
being the poet of the occasion, was intro
duced by Judge Ferral and received a
hearty welcome. In a short but terse and
witty speech Mr. Cullinan disserted upon
the pride of the race and the real
meaning of the annual celebration of St.
Patrick's day. Other speeches were made,
all upon the same subject.
It was ordered that. invitations be sent
to the officers of the Welsh and Scotch
societies of this city.
During the week the boys of the Youths"
Directory will be given a trolley ride,
commencing at 7 o'clock. The band of the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum will furnish mu
sic for the occasion.
The second rehearsal of the large chorus
being trained by John \Y. McKenzie for
St. Patrick's night at the Pavilion took
place at Kohler & Chase Hall. 26 O'Farrell
street, yesterday. The next rehearsal will
be held at the same place this evening at
8 o'clock and Thursday, March 8, at the
same time and place.
The literary committee cordially invite
all ladies and gentlemen desirous of sing
ing to attend the coming rehearsals.
The following selections will be rendered
by the chorus: "God Save Ireland,"
"Dear Little Shamrock." "My Own Dear
est Boy." a new song composed expressly
for the occasion and dedicated to the lit
tle boys of the Youths' E>irectory by J.
W. McKenzie. "Killarney" and "Star
Spangled Banner."
In Ryan's Handball Court.
There were no cold feet in Phil Ryan'3
handball court at SSS Howard street yes
terday afternoon. The day was warm
for the indoor athletic sport, yet the at
tendance was good and the play lively.
The gTeat and only John L. did not put
in an appearance, but notwithstanding
the programme of nine games was played
with the following results:
B. Clements and W. Hassell defeated E An
tron and T. Clements. Score. 21-11. 16-21, 21-19.
B. Clements and W. Hassell defeated J.
Snook and T. Clements. Score, 21-IS, 9-21. 21-13.
E. McDonough and E. Lynch defeated W. H.
Sleberst and D. J. Sheehan. Score, 21-17, 3-21,
21-15.
G. Smith and T. Leach defeated M. Mc-
Laughlln and A. McVicker. Score, 21-20, 14-21,
a-13.
M. Basch and D. Repan defeated J. Condon
and J. Hogan. Score. 21-12. s-21. 21-10.
IC Magulre and M. Basch defeated J. Coiling
and M. McClure. Score, 21-17, 12-21. 21-16.
P. Hutchinson and P. Kelly defeated M. Dil
lon and G. Hutchlneon. Score, 21-10. 7-21. 21-13.
J. Condon and T. Serres defeated J. Mc-
Brearty and F. McGlade. Score. 21-12, 9-21,
21-19.
J. C. Xealon and J. White defeated A. Hamp
ton and E. Maloney. Srore. 21-1?, 16-21, 21-18.
The Need of Christian Science.
F. J. Fluno, M. D., C. S. D., will de
liver a lecture on "Christian Science and
the "World's Groat Need of It" next
Wednesday evening: at 223 Sutter street.
Dr. Fluno is a member of the Board of
Lectureship of the First Church of Christ,
Scientist, in Boston, Mass.
ONLY A CALIFORNIA
SUN COULD DO THIS
CELLULOID IGNITED BY A GLASS CASE.
gg fTJHE Fire Department received a shock yesterday about the noon hour m
0 I when an alarm came In from Taylor and Market streets. An excited $
m* I citizen saw a blaze seemingly coming from the center of the Wein- £*
& •*- stock & Lubin dry goods store, and he rushed to the first fire box in the O
83 vicinity and began working the lever which costs the city a lot of money S
8 every time it is pulled. When the section of the department assigned to that §
0 part of the town arrived it hunted for evidences of a fire, and hunted in §
*? vain. &
££ '-^ \ But there was a fire. "Weinstock & Lubln had arranged an artistic array 'fit
S3 of celluloid goods in a show case on the outside of their store. "Without tak- 2?
£ ing any thermometrical measurements of the intensity of a California sun's 8
25 rays during March weather they negligently left the case unshaded and ex- So
*5 posed to the fierce beating of the world's great luminary. ■d
25 At first there was a sizzling, then a melting and finally a bursting forth of 88
£> flame. The paper decorations and the entire stock in the case were fast dis- <&
80 appearing from heat effects when one of the neighbors, armed with hammer 88
§f and chisel, broke open the case and saved the big brick building from pos- <£
8* Bible destruction. Damage $20, which will be charged to the weather clerk fe
ci and experience. The freak fire is supposed to have been caused by a flaw 8
p in the glass. - ' A
THREATENED TO
SHOOT IF SHE
REFUSED HIM
Mad Act of a Love
lorn Youth.
ARRESTED AFTER A FIGHT
HARRY LEIGHTON CREATES A
SCENE IN A HOTEL.
Failing to Indue© Ethel Hall to Be
come His Wife He Robs Her
of Her Dia
monds.
Armed with a revolver Harry Lelghton,
a well-dressed young man, last night vis
ited the partments of Ethel Hall at the
Silver State House on Mason street with
the avowed intention of compelling her to
marry him or making her a subject for j
the Coroner. The fair Ethel was seated I
on a lounge conversing wun two other
women when the bloodthirsty youth en
tered. Raising his revolver on a level
with the young woman's head Leighton
demanded to know if she had considered
his proposition of marriage.
"You cannot escape me this time," he
remarked, with a tinge of anger in his
tone. "Consent to become my wife or I
will kill you."
With a wild scream the thoroughly
frightened woman rolled off the lounge,
while her two companions ran from the
room shrieking for help.
The manager of the hotel, fearing that
murder was being committed, hastened
to the room to rind Leighton standing over
the prostrate form of Miss Hall. As he
entered the room Leighton , with an oath,
turned his revolver on him after threat
ening to riddle him with bullets unless he
beat a hasty retreat. Thinking that the
love-smitten youth would not hesitate to
carry his threat into execution, the man
ager went in search of a policeman. He
soon discovered Officers Fennell and Wil
son, who, after hearing the story, lost no
time in reaching the hotel.
Leighton had disappeared, but the
woman was found lying on the floor of
her room, momentarily fearing that he
would return and kill her.
To the officers the woman said that
after her two friends had rushed from
the room Leighton, who still covered her
with the revolver, seized her left hand
and dragged three rings from her fingers.
He then left, after threatening to return j
and murder her if she reported the oc
currence to the police.
After leaving the house Leighton went
to a saloon on O'Farrell street, where he
wrote a note to Miss Hall, demanding of !
her to meet him, and threatening to kill I
her if she refused. The note was turned i
over to the policemen and they at once |
started for the saloon. Leightnon was
found seated at a table in the act of
writing another note to the woman. Of
ficer Wilson, who knew him, accosted
him and told him he was under arrest.
Jumping from his sent Leighton at
tempted to reach for the revolver, but
was quickly overpowered. He was taken I
to the City Prison, where he was charged ;
with carrying a concealed weapon. The ;
rings which he had taken from Miss Hall j
were found In his possession. The police
say that Leighton's attack on the woman
was precipitated by her informing him
that she was tired of him and intended to
return to her parents in San Jose.
Trinity Presbyterian Church.
Trinity Presbyterian Church enjoyed an
unusually refreshing service yesterday,
j when the attendance of worshipers was
very large. The occasion was the observ
i ance of the Lord's Supper, which was ad
; ministered by the pastor. Rev. Dr. Car
son, whose remarks were of a very inter
esting and impressive character, as mi
i deed were all the other exercises. Twenty
new members were received, nine by let
i ters from sister churches and eleven on
i profession of their faith. Two of the lat
ter were baptized, their baptism in ln
i fancy having be«n neglected.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothine elae. Sam
ple free. Address anakesis. New York. •
Eastern Stars Won.
An exciting: game of baseball was play
ed yesterday at Recreation Park by the
Athletics and the Eastern Stars before
i several thousand spectators as a benefit
: to the veteran player. ''Mike" de Pangher.
The game was won by the Eastern Stars
1 by a score of 13 to 4.
ATTORNEYS FOR
THE CHINAMEN
GET THE MONEY
Steps Taken to Stop
Illegal Fishing.
DEPUTIES ARE INNOCENT
COMMISSIONERS SATISFIED OF
THEIR HONESTY.
Shrimp Fishing May Be Stopped lor
a Stated Period Each Year in
Order to Protect
Fry.
The depletion of the fine marketable
fish in San Francisco and San Pablo bays
by the Chinese shrimp fishers has aroused
the State Fish Commission, and if their
plans do not miscarry some salient
j changes will soon be made in the existing
I fish laws of this State.
Last Friday morning The Call published
an account of the arrest of five Chinamen
engaged in illegal fishing, and the leader
confessed to a payment of money to se
cure immunity from interference by the
authorities while occupied in his lawless
acts.
Alexander T. Vogelsang, who has lately
been appointed a member of the commis
sion, and has displayed great energy In
the prosecution of his duties as Commis
sioner, is full of hope for an improvement
of present conditions.
"I think the officer who made the arrest
last Thursday should be congratulated,"
he said. "If the authorities would enforce
the law against the abuses brought about
by shrimp fishing we would not suffer
from the scarcity of marketable fish. The
only genuine way to save the fish is to
close the shrimp fishing during certain
months in the year. That will cut off the
supply during these months, but some
thing of this sort must be done. During
the drying season great quantities of
shrimps are sent to China, enough to sup
ply this coast for the entire year."
In regard to the alleged corruption of
deputies of the commission Mr. Vogelsang
said: "I have heard that Chinese mer
chants have paid their attorneys monthly
tolls on boats in order to be frai from
molestation while they caught young fioh
at the same time they did their Phrirap
fishing. I am positive the deputies are
j honest and no corruption exists among
them. If any money has been paid by tho
Chinese it has been paid to their attor
neys, who secure all exactions for them
selVes. At any rate I have not been able
to detect any crookedness among the dep
uties and I have investigated the matter
I thoroughly."
L>cores the Ring Contests.
"Why More Men Do Not Go to Church"
was Dr. Charles Edward Locke's subject
last evening at the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church. Dr. Locke referred to
reasons in the church itself why men do
; not attend, such as inconsistencies
I among some of the membrrs, impractical
■ sermons, etc. He then found reasons for
i which the men themselves are responsi
ble, such as indifference, overwork during
the week, Sunday labor and Sunday
pleasure, the lives and business meth
ods of some men which make the church
distasteful, the saloon and drink habit
and all kinds of licensed vices. Continu
ing. Dr. Locke said:
"If you still ask me why more men do
not go to church, I must remind you of
all the satanlc influences at work, espe
cially in the cities, to destroy men. When
a man gets into the viselike grip of a bad
habit he does not care for the church;
some men are ashamed to go to church.
Thu man who frequents the saloon, the
gambling table, the brothel, or the prize
tight, is not often seen In the church.
When a man is rendering faithful serv
ice to the devil he makes himself believe
that there is no sin. no God, no heaven,
and no hell. He tries to ridicule the
church.
"The ring contests which are being held
every week in our city are training our
youth for San Quentin and the gallows,
it is high time that righteous men should
make themselves heard, and that good
and brave men shall be elevated to of
fice who will give to San Francisco such
a government as will put a premium n n
virtue and manhood and honor. At the
present time the city and authorities ap
pear to be held up by Sabbath-breakers,
me whisky power and corrupt politi
cians."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Pinkham's Medicine Made
I a New Woman of Mrs. Kuhn.
| ' [letter TO Mas. finkhau no. 64,492]
"•Dear Mes. Pixkham — I think it is
\ my duty to write to you expressing-
j my sincere gratitude for the wonder-
i ful relief I have experienced by the use
! of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I tried different doctors, also
different kinds of medicine. I would
! feel better at times, then would be
as bad as ever.
" For eight years I was a great suf-
ferer. I had falling of the womb and
was in such misery at my monthly
periods I could not work but a little
I before I would have to lie down. Your
: medicine has made a new womatl of me.
I I can now work all day and not get
'• tired. I thank you for what you have
j done for me. I shall always praise
I your medicine to all suffering women."
— Mrs. E. E. Kuhit, Germaxo, Ohio.
" I have taken eight bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
and used two packages of your Sana-
j tive Wash, also some of the Liver Pills,
i and I can say that your remedies will
do all that you claim for them. Before
taking your remedies I was very bad
with womb trouble, was nervous, had
I no ambition, could not sleep, and my
; food seemed to do me no good. Now I
t am well, and your medicine has cured
me. I will gladly recommend your med-
icine to every one wherever I go." —
Mrs. M. L. Shears, Got Marsh, Mich.
IVlcrD\/BT/i Kwtoro vitality
•Mtn VB I M LOST VIGOR.
jj*|!ESs) -^»-AND MANHOOD
Bvsjj'*3~Y Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
HBjIC diseases, all effects of seif'dbusr, or -excess and
.yX nj\ indiscretion. A nervctonic and bloods builder, i
1 xi W Brings the pink glow to rale cheeks and ru
•i j&wY stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
(PifS^SjjL bou 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jMijjP^gi? v guarantee to cure or refund the money.
ikroita medical Co., Clinton « 3*cfescn $t*\, Gbicaao.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant ave..Sa.n Francisco.
S ' : —
IA/. X. HESS,
JCOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW, \
Tenth Floor, Room 1015,' Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown S3l.
Residence, 821 California st. below Powell,
Ban Francisco. - ■ - ■ -
(1 ."PATENTS' J
\S^33O MARKET ST. SJ.^S^^
HALE, STRONG, LIVELY.
New Flesh, New Vigor and
New Hope.
"When a physician discovers, studies or classifies a disease his name is
given to it by his fellow doctors. They think that in this way they pay him
a compliment, although the discoverer need not have found a cure for the dis-
ease. Dr. Richard Bright, an Englishman, is condemned to a sad immortality
-which associates his name with a terrible disorder of the kidneys. Bright's
disease appears in several forms, it springs from several causes and the
older works on medicine positively declare it to be incurable.
To say that a man has Bright's disease was once considered equivalent
to saying that he stood in the valley of the shadow of death. The end was
only a question of time. But that was before Warner's Safe Cure had spread
its benefits over the land. The story of C. H. Lincoln of Medford.Mass., shows
how this wonderful medicine raised a man from his sick bed, even when his
closest friends believed they were hoping against hope.
Mr. Lincoln says:
"I had typhoid fever and after it came kidney trouble. I tried a dozen
doctors and still grew worse. After taking doctors' medicine enough to sink
a ship I heard it whispered around that I had Bright's disease of the kid-
neys. I knew what that meant, so I pitched the medicine I had outdoors.
I then bought one bottle of Warner's Safe Cure and took it according to
directions. The first bottle gave me relief and I bought a second. Before
that was gone I had gained nearly ten pounds. I continued taking Safe Cure
and it cured mf.
"I am fifty-nine years old and enjoy as good health as any man of my
age. If any one has kidney trouble and Warner's Safe Cure will not cure
him nothing this side of the grave will. I believe it the best and only cure
for kidney disease on earth."
Mr. Lincoln is a veteran fireman with a wide acquaintance in Medford.
Unconsciously he makes a valuable suggestion to sufferers from kidney dis-
ease. Do not wait until you have taken "medicine enough to sink a ship."
May be in the course of your investigations you will light on a good remedy
you never heard of before. But probabilities are all against it.
Nowhere does the proverb "Delays are dangerous" apply with such force
as in kidney derangement. When Bright's disease has set in the kidney
tissue is breaking down and passing away every minute. The strength of the
body is sapped steadily, surely.
Inasmuch as Warner's Safe Cure alone stops kidney degeneration, should
it not be used without an hour's delay when pain in the back and head, a
cold skin and bad digestion give unmistakable warnings?
i iK SAVE YOUR MONEY! j
;! JzL From $10 to $17.50 J!
'' OSSMSk You can get the best All-Wool <[
( , i^i^S Suit Made to Order at ( i
POHEIM ;
/ / T^^ If you want a first-class, ]>
i| V'-'^ wel-'itt'ncr suit of clothes i 1
( i Wvjgl from $20"to $40 go to i]
II JOE POHEIM I;
:i 1 "\|B Fine Clothes at 25 per ;]i
( cent less thaa elsewhere. ,'
It 201-203 .Mont&amcry St., Cor. Bush. ([
] i It 1 0 - 1 1 : 2 Market St. . S. F. \
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Marinni Wine Tonic ,
Marvellous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERT-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements free.
MARIANI & CO.. NEW YORK. |?
Use f^% S9
Woodbury's t»«^3 Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream. i
Skin diseases, scaly eruptions, pimples, black- j
heads and blood disorders cured by JOHN H. i
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d st.. New York, and 163
State st., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample each of Facial Soap
| and Cream, free.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Under the Management of Holden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
THIS EVENING, Monday, March 6. 1899.
first production in this city of the successful
Patriotic Naval Drama,
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
A play that every true American will see.
First apDearance of our New York Stock
Company.
A series of magnificent spectacles and soul-
stirring situations.
Prices of Admission— loc. 15c, 25c and 35c.
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
COME, LAUGH WITH US.
FUN GALORE TO-NIGHT.
LONDPN'S LATEST FARCE HIT.
A MAN
WITH
A PAST!
PRICES - ■ • -_-_-_Isc 25c, 35c, 50c
Next— "A SOCIAL HIGHWAYMAN."
i —
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
I Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT,
REGAL PRESENTATION
Of Offenbach's Mythological Work,
LA BELLE HELENE!
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
GREAT CAST!
New Scenery! Lovely Costumes!
I Appropriate Accessories! Superb Effects!
Pretty Ballets, etc.!
Next— Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera. ''THE
PRETTY POACHER."
MATINEE SATURDAY, at 2 P. M.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
N. B.— reserved seat for the matinee 25c
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Great Bill in the Free Theater.
The ONLY LYNWOOD. Contortionist; MI-
CHELSEN BROTHERS. Banjolsts: BLANCHE
REED, Toe Dancer: LITTLE MILDRED. Sing-
er. and Dancer; COTRELY and VAN GOFRE.
Equilibrists and Jugglers; DU BELL, the
World's Greatest Trapezist; and NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
TALK TO WILLIAM T. SAPP.
The Ossified Man.
AMATEUR CAKE WALK
THURSDAY NIGHT.
' 10c,' Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. (
''■ : 'i~ AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA fe
2 Week! TO-NIGHT, EX
Beginning * i>( IVJI ** » SttwtUj
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
AND THE
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL CO.
IN
FANNY DAVENPORT'S PRODUCTION
Of Sardou's Great Play
LA tosca
Coming— The Famous Original BOSTONIANS.
California special i
j GOTTLOB. MARX & CO. ANNOUNCE fop
lat^rday. March 10 and 11.
Return Engagement of
SOUSA H
And His Band.
THREE SPECIAL PROGRAMMES.
FRIDAY EVENING WAGNER
l SATURDAY MATINEE BALL ROOM
SATURDAY EVENING SOUS A
All the soloists. Orders for seats received
to-day. Reserved sale Tuesday morning. Box
Office. California Theater.
. .
10 GREAT NEW CARDS. ALL HITS— It
Imported Direct From Europe.
THE TWINS MARCO,
Famous Eccentrique Comlques.
OLA HAYDEN, Phenomenal Girl Barytone.
3 FORTUNIS BROS.. Comedy Acrobats.
KEVINS' ACROBATIC MONKEYS AND
CLOWN BABOONS.
HAYDEN AND HETHERTON, Comedy
Sketch Artists.
Last Week of CORA TANNER AND LOUIS
MASSEN, in "My Husband's Model."
THE HULINES AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
ALL THIS WEEK.
SOUVENIR AND PROFESSIONAL MATI-
NEE WEDNESDAY.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Introduction to San Francisco of
THE YOUNG AMERICAN ACTRESS,
JANET WALDORF.
Supported by a Company of Intelligent
Players.
REPERTOIRE:
TO-NIGHT "HUNCHBACK."
Tuesday, "As You Like It"; Wednesday Mat-
inee (professional and souvenir). "Ingomar":
Wednesday night, "Lady of Lyons": Thursday,
'•Much Ado About Nothing": Friday, "Twelfth
Night"; Saturday Matinee (souvenir). Request?
Saturday night, "Romeo and Juliet." Popu-
lar prices! Seats secured Box Office and Em-
porium.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
HEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
The sale of single seats for the first six per-
formances will open at the box office of th«
Grand Opera House this morning at 9 o'clock.
Prices of reserved seats, $5. $4, $3, $2, accord-
i ing to location.
1 Repertoire, first week— March 13, "'Faust,"
Melba; March 14. "Aida," debut of Gadsk.l;
March 13. "La Boheme," with Melba and debut
of De Lussan; March 16. double bill. "Caval-
leria Rusticana" and "I Pagllaccl." Gadski and
: debut of ChaJla; March 17. '•Carmen," De Lus-
-1 san and Gadski; March IS, matinee, "Barber of
Seville." Melba. •
CONCEBTS AND BESOBTS.
S TEEPLECHA SE
CENTRAL PARS, Eighth and Market.
THOUSANDS DAILY RIDE THE "GRAVITY
HORSES."
Extra. Attractions To-day, as follows: Royal
and Imperial Japanese Troupe of Acrobats.
High Divers and Swimmers; Pigeon "Fuse
Shooting • Gallery. Direct From France; Vos-
mer. the Aeronaut, in Thrilling Mid-air Per-
formances. Open Dally from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m.
Admission. Including "Horses." Only Me.
jf^i&SltiX&KSin Tl P!r «ts » non-roi«onw»
*<£rfSSiS?~r ws 3h£g remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jgSSrcClIEb *5S Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
jfaHFin 1 toSi»yi.'«i Whites, unnatural diii-
mSJpm Ge»ran»»* ■ charge*, or any inflamma-
l'**}] not to itrietore. tion, irritation or ulcer*-
|»-g?r»T«ats contagion. Un of au c o s mcm-
y£y&THEE»ANSCH£mf:t« Ho. bra n>*s- Non-astringent.
CINCIKHATI.O JPgS Sold b y i>mni*t>,
XSgrk V- 3- a. 3Bn'? r Bent in lain wrapper.
■ Oixouukx Mat « a Vnsw^
56
COURSING THAT
WAS DECIDEDLY
SENSATIONAL
Ingleside Presented a
Great Card.
NORAH WON THE OPEN STAKE
DEFEATED SPEEDY MAUD S
AFTER AN UNDECIDED.
Lowlander and Fox Kenny Chased a
••Jack" for Over Five Minutes.
Metallic Victorious at
Union Park.
T. J. Mclnerney's handsome black bitch
Norah landed the open stake at Ingleside
rday. She wont through the stake
Ing the best numbers on the card,
and v . ■ edy Maud S in
the final. After an undecided. Norah
beat Curtis & Son's representative in one
of the prettiest and evenest courses of the
day. When the bitches were slipped
Norah led up and took the turn and got
[ght points. Maud S then
In and scored two and Norah took
for two more. Maud S dupli
performance and fell. Norah
took of Maud S - s mishap and
: re, tripping her hare and
; heavily. Maud S then came in for
four and killed, making the score 14 to 10
in Norah's favor. The time was 1 minute
■ seconds. In the undecided Norah
n the short end, but In the next at
tempt Bhe was made favorite by a small
margin.
Ingleside Coursing Park seems to
In popular favor. Nearly five thou
:• \ it< es of the sport passed through
and witnessed some of the
est coursing seen In the popular
months.
The sensational course between H. A.
[man's Fox Kenny and Lowe and
Thompson's Lowlander caused intense ex
it in the betting ring and grand
stand. The hare 1- d the dogs once up
the Reid and then sharply turned and
took his pursuers past the grandstand
times and dropped as if heart
stricken, und was placed out of danger
by Field Steward Mcllugh. During the
piueilng course, Billy Thompson, one of
wners of Lowlander. tried to pre
his dog from continuing the race,
but without success. Bettors and'specta
like appealed to Judge Grace to let
fr sh dog to aid the exhausted
..-.. but the closeness of the score
pr< vi nted him doing so.
When the race ended the score stood 26
n favor of Fox Kenny and the time
for the course was 5 minutes and 18 sec-
Fox Kenny was carried off the
field and was withdrawn by his owner.
Lowlander managed to walk off, but
showed the effects of his long run.
Thornhill was put out by Maud S in
the ar?t round. While his defeat occa
sioned some surprise, experts seem to
think that Thornhill had not recupirat-d
from her hard courses for the Grace cup
on the previous Sunday at another park.
The running of Tommy Rex astounded
coursing men. .On Saturday he ran a I
minute-and-45-srconds course and after
the kill picked up another "jack" and ran
it all over the field. Yesterday he went
out and beat Wild Tralee and was barely
put out by Cavalier in the second round.
Eleven Spot won the puppy stake in
good style. He and Pleasant Girl, the
runner-up, proved themselves the best in
the stake. The final course wns won by
I! Spot by a score of 11 to 6.
Short-enders did not enjoy too much
prosperity during the day. The few to
land wen": Mystic Maid beat Lawrence at
2 to 5; Royal l'rize beat Kegina at 2 to 6;
Clifton Lass heat Flying Buck at 1 to 3;
Tommy R< x beat Wild Tralee at 2 to 5;
Cavalier beat Tommy Rex at 1 to 2; Maud
S. in a bye, beat Mayflower at 3 to 5, and
Norah beat Maud S at 2 to 5.
Following is the way the dogs ran and
their
: und— Eleven Spot beat
Twilight Jr., 3%-2; St. Klmo beat Empress,
Hympus beal Morse's Patrol, 13-3; Pleas
ant Girl In'at Honeymoon, 7-2.
Second round— Eleven Spot boat St. Elmo,
! leasant Girl, 9-5.
Final— Eleven s:pot beat Pleasant Girl, 11-6.
i >p<"i :-t ik'\ first round— Prince George beat
Black Night, 11--; Glen Chloe beat Vanity Fair,
Mystic MaJd bent Lawrence, ■*■■•->■: Buiy
Gladstone beat Peter M. 5-0; Nora beat Lady
Emma. 6-2; Royal Prize beat Regina. 6-2;
Hadlwist beat Hiack H<-=s. 9-7; Mohawk l"-at
Pastime, 7-2; Maud S beat Thornhill, 6-2; Tod
beat l>as Palmas, 3-0; Rusty Gold beat
- beat Flying- liuck, >->-X ;
Lux. r beat Royal Oak, 12-4; Mountain Beauty
beat Maid of Erin. 5-4; Fox Kenny beat Vlc
tor Queen, 9-5; Lowlander beat Maid of Hill,
6-2; Tommy Hex beat Wild Tralee, 9-4; Cava
lier beat Magdallah. 11-8.
Second round— Mystic Maid beat Prince
. 6-4; Hilly Gladstone beat Glen Chloe,
Nora beat Royal Prize, 13-4; Mohawk
beat Hadlwist, 18-11; Maud S beat Tod Sloan,
6-0- Rusty Gold bf-at Clifton Lass, 6-1; Luxor
la Beauty, 7-4; Fox Kenny beat
Lowlander, 26-18—6:18; Cavalier boat Tommy
Rex, 10-8.
Third round— Mystic Maid beat Billy Glad
-12-0; Norah beat Mohawk. 10-7; Maud S
beat Rusty Gold, 6-2; Luxor beat Scout In a
hye, 14-12; Cavalier beat Mayflower in a bye,
Fourth round— Mnud 8 bout Mystic Maid. 7-1;
Norah beat Cavalier, 5-4; Luxor lost to Las
Palmos In ■ b] c, 7-3.
Fifth round— Norah beat Luxor, 6-2; Maud S
beat Mayflower In a bye, 5-0.
Final— Nora beat Maud S, 14-10; time, 1:38.
At Union Park.
Metallic defeated her company yesterday
at Union Park In the open stake and
Morning Glory was runner-up. The John
Grace consolation stake was won by The
ron and the special stake was taken by
Bock Island Boy. The day was a great
one for the talent and few short-enders
secured the decision. Metallic, the winner
of the open stake, was in fine fettle and
wag picked by the wise ones as the win
ner of the stake early in the day. Re
port, the property of W. Creamer, ran
well In the second round and gave Craw
ford Braes a hard race. The results were
as follows:
Open stake, second round — F. Moran's Golden
Russet beat Hurley & Richy's O X Capitol;
Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson beat J. Segger
son's White Chief; W. F. Hobbs' Mercy May
beat Pasha kennels' Emm Pasha; T. E. Me-
Eldownc-y's Rosebud beat J. Perry's Commo
dore Nash; Kay & Trant's Sylvia beat Handy
& Smith's Dauntless; Pasha kennels' Metallic
beat E. and K. Scott's Lord Byron; Dennis &
Porter's October Woodcock beat W. Creamer's
Report; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes
beat F. Moran's Bit of Fashion; G. Lahusen's
Fireball beat J. Flynn's Hicks; J. J. Edmonds'
Morning Glory beat J. H. Smith's Merced; R.
E de B. Lopez's Minneapolis beat W. Cream
er's Jesse Moore: Dennis & Porter's Interesting
beat Larkey & Rock's Myrtle.
Third — Jennie Wilson beat Golden
Russet" Mercy May beat Rosebud; Metallic
beat Sylvia; Crawford Braes beat October
Woodcock; Morning Glory beat Fireball;
Minneapolis beat Interesting.
Fourth round— Wilson beat Mercy
May Metallic beat Crawford Braes; Morning
Glory beat Minneapolis.
Fifth round— Metallic beat Jennie "Wilson;
Morning Glory ran a bye.
Final-Metallic beat Morning Glory.
Tnhn Grace Consolation stake. second
round— George Whitney's Theron beat R. C.
Scott'sßock Island Boy; Ed Evatt's Hurr!
rane beat J. Dean's Moondyne; F. A. Mc
rv.mh's Royal Flush beat R. C. Scott's Victor
Kn«- M Kavanwh'e Swedish beat Bauer
m tier's O'Grady; F. A. McComb's
r-ush beat Handy & Smith's Victor; K.
Moran's False Flatterer beat J. H. Rossetter's
M?n£" Rabble: T. Butlers Susie beat J. H.
R^d ter Bund™he7on8 un d™he7on beat Hurricane; Royal
F Sn beat Swedish: Flush beat False Flat
'Tourfh'roun^-Theron beat Royal Flush;
Flush beat Susie.
in^ Th «a°k n e.flr»F round-Rock Is.and
t* V heat Little Joker; Bit of Fashion beat
& Norbo^ne; Sharpy beat Mill's Rabble;
1 &£S&V£tt «~ Bit of
Ormonde Ban to Death.
1,08 ANGELES. March s.— Queen Keep
*n4 Fleetwood (Passon'3 entries) dl
vided first and second money in the cours
ing at Agricultural Park to-day, "with
Nashville third. Despite the warm
weather there was a large crowd in at
tendance. Ormonde died during the aft
ernoon from the effects of a hard course
with Alice early in the day.
Gilt Edge Invincible.
STOCKTON, March s.— Gilt Edge re
turned to his victories to-day and made
the first clean-up. The day was fine and
the sport excellent.
Twenty-eight do* stake— Tip beat Diggs;
Gilt Edge beat Lady Hearst; Better Than Gold
beat Firebrand; Blue Bird beat Key del Key;
Red Cloud beat Lady Grace; Domino beat Mag-
Mystery beat Liltle Hope; Iron Duke
beat Mapnet; Sunbeam bt-at Decorator; Prince
of Fashion beat Ruby; Magnesia beat Lady
Claire; White Tip beat Gold Bug; |Slga beat
Wild Zip' Mission Tip beat Pacific^Jueen.
First ties -Gilt Etfge beat Tip; Bettor Than
Gold boat Blue Bird: Bed Cloud beat Domino;
Iron Duke beat Mystery; Prince of Fashion
beat Punbeam; White Tip beat Magnesia; Mis
sion Tip beat Olpa.
1 ties— Qllt Edjre beat Better Than
i If.; Cloud beat iron .Duke; White Tip
beat I'rlnce Fashion; Mission Tip a bye.
Third ties— Gilt Edge beat Red Cloud; Mls-
Bion Tip beat White Tip.
Final— Gilt Edge beat Mission Tip. Gilt
*2dge first money. Mission Tip second. White
Tip third, Hed Cloud fourth.
Faultless Beauty Triumphed.
SAN, JOSE, March s.— At the coursing
match to-day Faultless Beauty won the
thirty-two dog stake, beating Ruston in
the final.
MISS JANET WALDORF
PLAYS VIOLm
Miss Janet Waldorf, who commenced a
week of classic repertory at the Comedy
Theater last night in "Twelfth Night," is
not yet ripe for definite criticism. She is
apparently a woman of 25 or 26, but her
UNCLE SAM'S TRAINED FIGHTERS SAIL FOR FAR MANILA.
acting proves her to be a youngster in
Btaet experience. She has a rich, pleas-
Ing voice which she uses in reckless ama
teur cadences, some personal magnetism.
and a wavering presence, Her Viola of
last night was purely a matter of elocu
tion. It displayed a certain amount of
raw talent and a rather pretty personali
ty but there was ho identity, no char
acter to it. Instead of starring at the
head of a cheap company Miss W aldorf
should be learning the basic principles OI
her craft by playing smaller parts with a.
good company. A fairly numerous and
quite sympathetic audience attended the
opening. The arrangement for the rest
of thp week la as follows: "The Hunch
back," to-night; '-As You Like It," Tues
day "Ingomar." at Wednesday's souve
nir" matinee; "Lady of Lyons," Wednes
day night; "Much Ado About Nothing.
Thursday; "Twelfth Night." Friday, and
"Romeo and Juliet," Saturday night.
Extra Sousr Concerts.
Gottlob, Marx & Co. announce that
Sousa-will play three additional concerts
to take place at the California Theater
next Friday night. Saturday afternoon
and Saturday night. On Friday night a
great Wagner programme will no doubt
Bring out a tremendous audience. The
Saturday matinee is to be devoted to ball
room music, and the farewell concert on.
Saturday night to a "Souaa programme."
Orders for seats may be left at the box
office of the California to-day. The sale
of reserved seats will begin on Tuesday
morning. _
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
The Corrigan Track Reopens To-Day
"With a Fair Card of Running
Events.
Ingleslde track reopens to-day with a mod
erate card. The entries are as follows:
First Race— Three and a half furlongs; maid
ens; two-year-olds:
703 St Agnes 110 646 Kitty Kelly ....110
768 Infinity .' 110 672 Tanobe 110
733 Tar Hill 113 710 Sls*quoc 108
. Flush of Gold ..113 646 Morbid 115
703 lamboulia 113 763 Giga 116
733 Mountebank ....113 . Glissando 118
Second Race— One and a quarter miles; hur
dle: four-year-olds and up:
654 Tyro 1391 680 CoL Bartlett .7.125
765 Colonial .Dame.. 129 1 697 Monlta 132
Three Forks 1391 667 Arundel 142
773 Joe Cotton 139! 697 Major S 132
... Cyrus Hock 1381 C7B Imp. A,llen 133
Third Race— and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up:
769 Tom Cromwell. .lo9l 7C7 Joe Mussle 109
(766) Dare II 109 (76:')Truxillo 101)
753 Ootobed 1051 €99 Dick Behan ....109
746 Peraonne 1091 78S Stan Powers ...105
679 Major Hooker... 747 Peter II 112
Fourth — Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and up: selling;:
572 Ztorazzo 123 784 Mldlan 119
254 Flora Hawk ....114 689 Maxello 119
749 Socialist 116 731 Al 120
761 Schnitz 1231 345 Pongo 119
70S Two Cheers 120 (612)D0n Luis 116
653 Judge Napton . .11«! (<6S)EI Salado 114
762 Crawford 120 756 Merry Boy 120
756 Mel. Burnham..H9 96 Trappean 123
771 February 118
Fifth Race— One mile; selling;; three-year-olds
and up:
67« Morinel 103' Ad. Spreckels...lo6
(734)Rey del Tierra..loo| Survivor 91
Sixth Race— One and an eighth miles; selling:
701 Lady Hurst 104 1 (74J)M«r< pa 94
700 Wing 86 754 Gllberto 91
(GoDLodestar 106 (764)T0m Calvert ...105
650 Cromwell 112 i 700 Sardonic 106
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Tar Hill, Morbid. St. Agnes.
Second Race— Col. Bartlett, Tyro, Monlta.
Third Race— Peter 11, Gotobed, Tom Crom
well.
Fourth Race— El Salado, Schnltz, Trappean.
Fifth Race— Adolph Spreckels, Survivor, Rey
del Tlerra.
Sixth Sardonic, Cromwell. Lady Hurst.
■ m «
Complex Matters.
"I shall not marry," he declared, "be
cause if I wore to be shipwrecked a wife
would he right in the way."
But he never was shipwrecked. Instead,
he was pursued by wolves in Russia.
Now at once he became aware of the
unwisdom of his choice.
"Alas!" he cried. "'lf I had a wife I
might throw her out to the wolves and
mak* 1 my escape while they were devour
ing her."
ft is very difficult to anticipate exigen
[clee.—Detroit Journal.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
MONEY FOR THE
TROOPS IN THE
PHILIPPINES
Sailing of the Trans
port Valencia.
PAYMASTER COFFIN'S CHARGE
A MILLION AND A HALF IN COIN
GOES OUT.
Horrible Suicide of Steward McKenna
of the Puebla While Suffering
From Delirium Tremens.
Visitors to the lowa.
Yesterday afternoon the United States
transport Valencia sailed for Manila, by
way of Honolulu, carrying thirteen army
officers and a detachment of troops, to be
distributed among the regiments sta
tioned in the Philippines. The officers
were Major Eugene Coffin, Surgeon Rob
ert J. McAdory and Second Lieutenants
Munton, Minus, Bushfield, Bundill. Si
monds, Kerr, Herron, Way, Merry, Har
ris and Foster. The eleven second lieu
tenants are this year's graduates from
Weft Point, on their way to take their
baptism of fire in the jungles. Ordinarily
they would have graduated in June, but
by a special act of Congress they were
"rushed" out of the cadet-gray into the
army-blue and sent out to Manila ahead
of the six regiments that will soon be
transported to that warm field of action.
Major Coffin's baggage Is about the
most valuable that any officer has car
rind out to the front from this port. It
is worth something like J1.500,000, and con
sists of gold and silver coin. The major
is a paymaster, and with the exception
of Jio.ooo he will leave with the soldiers
at Honolulu he will distribute all the mill
ion and a half among the troops in the
Philippines. Major Coffin was an officer
in the Twentv-thlrd Ohio Infantry dur
ing the Civil War, a lieutenant In Captain
William McKinley's company. He re
entered the service at the first call to
arms of his old commander and has re
turned from Cuba to go to distant Ma
nila.
The transport Puebla arrived in this
port early yesterday morning, thirty clays
from Manila, including a stay of six days
at Nagasaki, Japan. She brought as pas
sengers a number of Invalid soldiers, six
sailors from the cruiser Boston, en route
home for discharge, and two volunteer
army officers, Lieutenants Goodale and
Wadley. the latter a resident of Los An
geles. Miss West, a Red Cross nurse, was
also a passenger on the Pueblo.
The only incident of note which trans
pired on the run across the Pacific was
the horrible suicide of Chief Steward John
McKenna at sea a few days out from
Nagasaki. He went on a spree in the
Japanese port, the wind-up of a long
drinking bout in Manila, which resulted
In an attack of delirium trenuns. By or
ders of Captain H. C. Thomas, the man
was placed under restraint in his room
and attended by Surgeon George H.
Strowbridge, the ship's surgeon. He asked
to have his curtains drawn that his room
might be darkened, and a few hours af
terward the attendant saw blood issuing
from under his door. When the door was
opened McKenna was discovered stabbing
himself in a savage manner in the throat
with a corkscrew. He had punctured his
larynx and windpipe six or seven tinif-s.
When the instrument was wrencned from
him he tried to tear the wounds with his
lingers, and was with difficulty prevented
from completing his self-destruction with
his naked hands. He died the noxt day,
February 20, and was buried at sea on the
22d. McKenna was about 40 years old and
well known In this city and in the Pacific
Coast steamship service.
The Pwebla had rather more than her
share of*crazy people on board during her
trip. James Jameson, a sailor, belonging
to the steamer, became crazy and had to
be kept in irons. He was violent at times
and will be examined by the Lunacy Com
mission. Another man, a passenger, nam
ed Wilson, drank himself into a demented
state at Nagasaki and was a general
nuisance for a portion of the time. The
Puebla Will probably be returned to
Manila with a load of soldiers and muni
tions of war.
The battleship lowa in popularity bids
fair to rival the Oregon in this port. Yes
terday afternoon six or seven tugs and
launches were busy carrying visitors out
to the big white ship. They wore re
ceived on board by the officers and crew,
who vied with one another in pointing out
the objects of interest to the strangers.
First the guests were shown the four mas
sive 12-inchers that helped beat down the
Viscaya, the 8-inchers that disabled the
Maria Teresa, and the 4-lnchers that
wrecked the Spanish torpedo boats at
Santiago do Cuba. They were also snown
the patch forward a few feet above the
waterline where the Viscaya paid her
compliments to the lowa in the shape of a
hot shell that penetrated the battleship's
The British ship Cedarbank which ar
rived in this port Saturday night. 186 days
from Dundee, lost at sea two apprentices
named R. Jackson and R. Norris. both
aged 17 years. Jackson fell from the miz
zen topgallant yard to the deck September
3, IS9B. and was instantly killed, while
Norrls died of heart disease January 9.
SHELL MOUND PARK.
Twentieth Annual Opening of the
Favorite Pleasure Besort.
Captain L. Siebo, proprietor of Shell
Mound Park, opened the well-known
pleasure resort yesterday for the present
season of 1899. It was the twentieth an
niversary of these events, for the captain
has spent a large part of his life in the
same place, endeavoring to please the
public. During the past week or more
he hns sent to the officers of the many
charitable and fraternal organizations of
this city and Oakland upward of 1000
tickets of admission and the response was
liberal, almost that number of invitations
being accepted.
The day was all that the pleasure seek
ers could desire and, judging from ap
pearances, all had an enjoyable time.
Dancing was the order of the day, both
big pavilions being crowded with danc
ers until the late trains started for home.
HUMAN CRUELTY HIS TEXT.
Interesting Sermon Before the Cal
varian Society by *cv. T. A.
Caraher.
"Human Cruelty" was the subject of an
interesting and instructive address
ered yesterday afternoon by Rev. T. A.
Caraher before the Calvarian society. Tne
theme was drawn from the Biblical text,
"Then, therefore, Pilate took Jesus and
scourged him, and the soldiers, making a
crown of thorns, put it on his head.
The speaker emphasized the idea of yie
cruelty of the generation of to-day toward
the Redeemer. Every thought, he said,
should be of Him in preference to the
world. Worldly ambitions should always
be subjected to that extent that we
should think of God not only in the hour
of adversity, but in the hour of prosperity.
Our passions should be mastered and a
love and practice of virtue made a sud-
Stitute for the gratification of passions.
At the Cathedral In the evening the mis
sion under the direction of the Redemp
torist Fathers was concluded impressive
ly with the administration of a Papal
blessing to all those of the congregation
who had faithfully kept it.
CHANGES IN RELIGION.
Rev. R. Mackenzie Compares Old and
New Methods of Reform.
Rev. R. Mackenzie of the First Presby
terian Church delivered the first of a se
ries of lectures last night on the
"Changes in the Protestant Religion."
"Fundamental changes have taken
place in the Protestant religion in late
years," he said, "that have come by evo-
lution. and not revolution. The days of
conclave an<l council, by which sweeping
changes were made, have passed. The
changes which are now wrought are due
to natural development of life in the
heart of the church, and not by art or
artifice. These minor innovations are un
noticed at the time, but their accumula
tion makes a great change."
FEUDNER AND NORMAN
WERE "HIGH GUNS"
OPENING OF THE CALIFORNIA
WING CLUB SHOOT.
The Contest for Golden Trophies
Will Be Decided on
the First Sunday in
September.
Members of the California Wing Shoot-
Ing Club swung into line at the Olympic
Gun Club grounds yesterday and opened
the battle for honor, gold and golden
trophies. The crack 3of this crack, club
loaded their weapons, donned -un shades
for the interesting contest and 'he game
opened.
Jack Fanning, who has made l:nown to
all the sporting world the existence of the
Olympic Gun Club, was first to face the
traps. The trap lifted and this expert
had slain the first bird of the contest.
Fanning phot at thirty-one yards, a
handicap of three yards over him being
enjoyed by his opponents, but ho would
not have it otherwise. In Eastern and
international contests Fanning takes the
thirty-one-yard mark, and much shooting
at a lesser distance might result in con
fusing his calculations. So he stayed at
tlie farther mark. C. A. Ilaight, at
twenty-eight yards, as were all other con
testants, was second at the traps. From
Haight down the line-up stood: L.. D.
Owens, C. P. Grant, F. Vernon, IT. Ver
non, A. Rose, A. M. Shields, J. J. Sweeney,
C. C. Nauman, W. H. Williamson, H. F.
Wagner, I. R. D. Grubb, J. Kullman and
Otto Feudnrr.
In this aggregation of experts Fanning
fell behind, hut his records, established
in past matches, was sufficient to call
forth various explanations as to how he
failed to hold "high gun." Fanning, out
of 12 birds got 10, using a second on 9
occasions. Haight winged 9, Owens 10,
Grant 8. F. Vernon 9, H. Vernon 4. Roos
S Shields 10, Sweeny 11, Nauman 12, Wil
liamson 10. Wagner 11. Grubb 3, Coleman
7 Fay stopped 3, after which he withdrew;
Kullman 8 and Otto Feudner 12.
Feudner and Nauman, it will be seen,
held "high guns." each killing his alloted
number. To win a trophy, three of which
ar« hung up as incentives to good marks
manship, "high guns" must be held once
a month, or rather a majority of months
between now and September, on the first
Sunday of which the final shoot will be
held. , , ,
At the conclusion of the medal shoot a
sweepstakes of six birds for $2 50 a corner
was shot off with the following result:
Fanning 5, Fuedner 6. Nauman 6, Coleman
5, F. Vernon 5, Haight 6, Burrell 6, Roos
5, H. Kullman 3, Holby 3, Wagner 6 and
Williamson 4.
Printers Sail for Manila.
A larfT'- representation of the San Fran
cisco Typographical Union were at the
wharf yesterday to bid farewell to mem
bers of the union who departed on the
Valencia to take charge of Government
printing at Manila. The cablegram re
qu.-stiiis that printers be sent was re
ceived only a couple of days ago, but the
matter was handled so promptly by
Colonel Long that the boys were on
board, bag and bagpage, ready to com
mence the trip yesterday. The colonel ex
erted every effort in their behalf and pre
sented himself at the wharf, that he
might attend personally to things per
taining to their comfort and convenience.
The union appreciated his kind work
and tendered him warm words of thanks.
The men who sailed were: D. H. Shahan,
S. Behan. T. M. Butler. John H. Hieater,
Maurice Bloomington and Joseph Reuben.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Buih and Larkin sts. Swimmlne. Russian, hat
tad cold tut> oaiiia. Saltwater direct IromoccAQ.
FLYING LEAD
SPLIT SHELL
MOUND TARGETS
A Cash Prize Shoot
Across the Bay.
M'LAUGHLIN WAS HIGH MAN
SUCCESSFUL EVENT GIVEN BY
THE NORDDEUTSCHERS.
Independent Rifles, Kriegers, Naval
Militia and National Guards
men Line Up for
Medals.
There was plenty of rifle shooting at
Shell Mound Park range yesterday, the
principal feature being a public prize
shoot under the auspices of the Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club. The competi
tion was keen, there being $200 divided
into amounts ranging from $20 down. On
the ring target the ten prizes were from
$20 to $7 50. For the ten best centers on
the ring target the prizes were from $7 50
to $3 50. First and last bullseyes were
worth $1 and $2 50. Three prizes of $10, $6
and $4 were offered for the most tickets
shot. Each ticket entitled the marks
man to two shots, making a possible 50.
From tally In the morning the competi
tion was keen, and until the targets
closed at 5:30 p. m. the best riflemen were
striving for tne possible.
As n fact the best shooting was done
late In the afternoon on account of the
excessive light during the morning and
mid-day. There was but little wind arc!
the gauges were set on center nearly all
the time. On account of the largo num
ber of tickets shot In all the winners will
not be known until after the committee
lias a chance to go over the bonk-s. The
distribution will take "'ace to-morrow
evening at 9:30 o'clock, in California Hail,
620 Bush street. At the close of the
shoot this much was known, that the 49
rings made by D. "\V. McLaughlin v.HI
take first money. The 4S rinks of W.
Glindemann, A. Bertelsen, L. Haake and
probably one or two more are good for
prizes. The best scores of the day an-1
the bullaeye money winners were as fol
lows:
D. W. McLaughlin, 49 47. 46: W. Glindemann.
45, 46, 4C, 46, 4S; A. Bertelsen. 4S, 43; A. H.
Pape, 46, 47, 47, 47; F. Koch, 44, 42, 40. 45; F.
Rust 41, 45: F. P. Schuster, 49. 47, 48, 47; J.
DeWlt, 43; L. Brune, 37; N. Ahrens, 46, 44, 47;
Philo Jaooby, 43, 45, 47; J. Gefkln, 43. 43; L,.
Haake, 4<i, 46, 45, 48; D. Ralsfield, 43. 42, 43; G.
Alpers, 40; F. E. Mason. 45, 45. 47. 47; J.
I'tschie, 43, 44, 45; A. Strecker. 46. 47. 47. 47;
W Garms, 46, 45, 44; J. D. Hoise. 43, 42. 44: H.
H. liurfeind, 43, 44: O. Schulz, 42, 41; H. I.ln
kendey, 40; H. Hillberpr, 43, 46; O. T.emeke. 40.
First bullaeye in the morning-. L>. W. Mc-
Laughlin; lai-t in the morning. Philo Jacoby;
first in the afternoon. A. H. Pape; last In the
afternoon, John Utschlg.
There vras a fair attendance of the
members of the Deutscher Krieger Vcrein
at the regular monthly class medal shoot.
Twenty shots were fired by '-h ; riflemen
on the* German 25-rlng target. The hifeh
class men and their scores were:
Champion class, C. WeKjremann, 415; first
class Fritz KalsT. 321: Becond class. John Ben
der 341; third class, C. Koehler, 317; best first
shot, X. Silberzahn, 2"; best last shot. C.
AVfiDjemann, 22; most bullseyes, C. Wegge
mann.
The Independent Rifles us« the mili
tary musket and tho Blunt targe; at their
regular contests. The ten-shot recoids
yesterday were as follows:
Corporal H. Frederlckson, 18; C. Frederick
son 27; C. Iverson, 29; c. Gllborson, 24; W.
I,lndecker. 3.".; Sergeant G. W. Mitchell. 40;
Corporal G. B. Worthington. 30; J. Donovan, 9;
H. Gaetjen. 40; H. Wilkens. 11.
Company A, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C,
held Its regular monthly medal shoot, ten
shots on the Blunt target, Springfield
rifle. The scores made were as follows:
Serjeant Talt. 41: Corporal King, 42; Lieu
tenant Flint, 41; Captain Poulter, 44; Private
Valentine 27" Private DuPoy, 36; Private O.
Schmltt 26; Corporal Welle, 26; Corporal Crow,
40; Private Nlckols, 36; S. A. Wiilard, 37.
The regular class medal shoot of tho
First and Second Divisions of the Naval
"Militia drew out a larger attendance than
usual. The ten-shot scores on the Blunt
target were as follows:
First division— W. Lindecker. 39: J. Tousalnt,
37- E Alphonse, 26; A. M. Stammerer, 19; O.
Thiele 36; W. Bode, 30; W, Holdrldge. 25; Dr.
c C TVnnls, 42; J. F. Murphy, 35; O. Smith,
85*: J Brattle, 25; O. "Wulzen, 25; C. Walker. 21;
w Bauer. 23: W. Ast. 16: J. Back. 33; R.
Nathan 19- W. H. Morsan. 14: G. Christensen,
37- H Sandy. 22; G. Green. 35: H. Miller, 35;
H' Harris, 39; A. G. Quinlan. 31.
Second division— J. Farnam, 11: H. Hilton,
5- M Kellogg, 15: V. Paris, 2S: R. Blake, 29;
C Welby 31- G. F. Sutton. 13: R. B. Cogging,
23; J R. Garrett. 0; A. T. McCabe. 19: W.
Buckley. 15: A. McKee, 1?: L \annier. 12; F.
Sutton. 37; G. Hammond, 30; E. Nickel, 15; E.
Bob. 14.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Three Clubs Hold Monthly Contests
and the Biflemen Make Excel
lent Scores.
SAN RAFAEL, March s.— Three clubs
were at the butts at Schuetzen Park to
day, and some good scores were made.
The' California Schuetzen Club held a
medal shoot, the San Francisco Grutll
Shooting Section both a medal and a
bullseye contest, and the Verein Eintract
Schuetzen Section a medal shoot. In de
tail the scores of the California Club were
as follows:
First champion class— John Utschlg Sr. 233,
F X Mason 223. Second s champ on class— J.
Li' Vtschlg 210, Captain F. A. Kuhls 200, A.
Rahwyler 160. Fir*t class— O. ISrenier 209.
Second class— J. Jones 215. C. J. WaWlen 388, J.
E Corman 20S, K. Stettin 195. J. Tammeyer
193 A Breupw 193. A. G.-hret 197. Third class
ic ' Lanser 104, J. C. Waller 173, A. Hampel
179 J Straub 104, J. Uorstmann 163. C. Sagre
horn 149, F. C. Hasrerup 165 Fourth class-
F Acker 100. VV. Walden 109. A. Schrumpff
138. Cadets' class— E. Woenne 189.
The monthly medal shoot of the Grutlis
resulted in the following scores:
Champion class, A Gehret, 400; first class,
R~ Hauser. 375; second class, August Studer,
399- third class, Charles Sussli, 335; best first
shot, A. Gehret, 24; best last shot, A. Studer,
24.
In the monthly bullseye shoot of the
Grutlis the best centers were made in or
der by the following:
First Charles Gut; second, August Etuder;
third, Charles Ott; fourth, Charles. Sussli;
fifth Jacob Appenzeller; sixth, Robert Hauser;
seventh, A. vun Wyll; eighth, Ed Kunz.
In the Verein Eintract shoot the win
ners took rank as follows:
Champion class, R. Stettin. 391; first class,
J Zahn, 346; second class, C. yon Hartwig,
811; third class, C. F. Over, 287; first best shot,
Christian Sohroeder, 23; last best shot, Chris
tian Schroeder, 24.
Alert Gun Club Shoot.
ALAMEDA, March s.— The members of
the Alert Gun Club held their first clay
pigeon shoot for the season to-day at
Birds Point. There were four ten-bird
matches and a twenty-bird contest be
tween Palmer and Neustadter. The day
was an Ideal one for the sportsmen and a
majority of them made excellent scores.
The results follows:
First match— Loujee 5, Jones 7, Smith 2,
Neustadter 5, Schuster 4.
Second match— Jone3 8, Palmer 10, Summer
field 7, Hoyt 7, Schuster 7, Neustadter 8.
Third mateh — Neustadter 7, Jones 9, Palmer
9, Isaacs 5, Smith 5, Loujee 6.
Fourth match— lsaacs 5, Neustadter 6,
Loujee 6, Palmer 9, Jones 8, Smith 5.
The twenty-bird match between Palmer
and Neustadter resulted in a victory for
the former. He cracked eighteen of the
clay discs, while his opponent only
reached fifteen. __
FLY-CASTING TOURNAMENT.
Large Number of Contestants at
Stow Lake.
Yesterday was a hard one for those
members of the San Francisco Fly Cast-.
ing Club who tried for good records at
Stow Lake. A northeast wind was blow
ing, sending the flies close to the bank
and away from the buoys. A larger num
ber competed yesterday than at any pre
vious meeting in the club's history.
Mansfield was the top man In the long
distance event, and in the lure casting.
Harry Golcher showed up well in every
event, and H. Battu made a great record
in the lure casting.
' Following are the complete scores:
Long distance— W. D. Mansfield, 116% feet;
C. G. Young, 78: E. A. Mocker. S5: F. M.
Haight. 73^; Huyck, 80; H. C. Golcher. lOti :
li. F. Muller. SS; J. S. Turner, SO; E. Everett,
f'3; Charles Klein, 7S; F. E. Daverkosen. 9S; R.
nek, 62: H. Battu. 72; J. M. Hanford. 7ti;
F. H. Reed, 85; 11. G. W. Dinkelspiel, 64.
Distance and accuracy— Mansfield, 92 per
cent: Young, 52 4-12; Mocker. 92; Haight,
94 S-12: Huyck. S7 4-12; Golcher, 30 4-12; Muller,
89 S-12; Turner, 91; Everett. 95 4-12; F. Daason
ville, S9 S-12; Klein, 91 S-12; Daverkos-
Battu, S9 4-12; Hanford, &S S-12; Reed, 93 8-12;
Dinkelspiel. 81 8-12.
Accuracy and delicacy (net scores)— Man
sfield, SI 5-12 per cent; Young, So 6-12: Mocker,
78 3-12: Huyck, 07 6-12; Golcher. S2 5-12: Muller.
77 4-12; Turnpr, 7B 11-12; Everett, 77 3-12: Das
sonville. 75; Klein. 77 3-12: Daverk^en. 74 10-12:
liattu. 79 5-12: Hanford, 66 4-12; Reed, 77 9-12;
Dinkelspiel, 62 11-12.
Lure casting— Mansfield, 96 2-5 per cent;
Young, 69 1-5: Mocker, 75; Golcher. 79 2-5: Mul
ler. 65 1-5; Everett, 77 4-5; Klein. 66 1-5: Daver
kosen. 69 4-5; Battu. 93 4-5; Resd. 51 2-5: W. F.
BLigart, 76 4-5; G. A. Bluhm of Chicago, 93;
Dr. Watt. 74 4-."..
A Truthful Person.
"How wel! Mrs. Plnliftt holds her age."
"Yes. she doesn't look a day older than
she says she is."— lndianapolis Journal.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAX FRANCISCO. March 4, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.00 23.60 26.74
Red Bluff 0.00 13.26 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 7.93 8.55
San Francisco 0.00 8.00 7.32
Fresnc 0.00 3.74 3.45
San Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 5.15
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.30
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3. 1S
Yuraa 0.00 1.34 123
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72; minimum, 50; mean, 61.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is partly cloudy over Washing
ton, Oregon, Idaho. Montana and Northern Ne
vada; elsewhere on the Pacific Slope It is
clear. No rain ia reported.
The pressure is highest over North Dakota,
from which section It gradually diminishes
toward Southern Arizona. The barometer has
fallen slightly over the entire Pacific Coast.
The temperature has risen slightly in all dis
tricts. It was above 70 degrees throughout
California to-day.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather In California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 6, 1599.
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm; light, variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; con
tinued warm; light, variable winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday; continued warm.
Utah — Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued warm: light, variable winds.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
March, 1599.
&
13
ID
6
U
7
We
1 ;
8
15
JTh.
I
9
in
I 28
I 80
!
Pr.
~T
10
17
IT
81
][
18
I
Mooa 'a Phases.
.o- Last Quarter,
**£ March 4.
jCS New Mooa.
Vi? March 11.
-m. First Quarter,
9 Maroh 18.
©Full Moon,
jW March 26.
21
H
r.
I 31
I 28
23 I
i .
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic j
Office, located at the Merchants' Exchange. Is i
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and j
free of expense. ,
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand j
for comparison and reference, and the latest j
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or givlßg the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-ntreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, MARCH 6.
Run rises 6:32
Sun sets 6:09
Moon rises 2:33 a. m.
« Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
£ H W LW HW LW
6... 5:54 6.71 1:15—0.3 8:30 4.4
LWHWL W H "W
7 ... 1:00 ?.9 7:05 5.8 2:10—0.4 9:15 4.8
8 ... 2:05 2.6 8:11 6.0 2:59!— 0.4 9:64 8.2
9 ... 3:00 2.01 9:11 6.0 3:441—0. S J0:30 X.4
10 ... 3:."1 1.5| 10:06 6.0 4:26! o.o| ll:05| 8.6
11 ... 4:41| l.Oj 11:00 5.8 B:07| 0.3| 11:40] 5.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninsr tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Kives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Kiven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast survey charts, except
when a minus sijrn (— ) precedes the height.
#nd then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
k. Blanchard.. irons Bay !Mar. 6
Veeott ICoos Bay IMar. 6
ircata [Coos Bay IMar. R
:mpire ;Coos Bay 'Mar. fi
lacklnaw ITacoma IMar. 6
itateotCal [Portland Mar. «
■rosrcso Seattle [Mar. 6
iam Nanalmo ;Mar. (5
:. Thompson... Seattle Mar. 7
.eelanaw 'Seattle Mar. 7
illiance Oregon Ports Mar. 7
irizaba INewport IMar. 7
lonRk'ngMarulChinn. nnd Japan !Mar. 7
'omona IHumboIdt |Mar. S
lorth Fork IHumboIdt IMar. S
ilameda ISydney JMar. S
\'alla Walla... 'Victoria & Puget Sound'Mar. 8 I
Bristol (Departure Bay IMar. S|
lineola Tacoma iMar. R
ViUamette Seattle Mar. 8
•hllkat... v Humboldt Mar. Si
:oquille River. (Tillamook Bay Mar. 9 S
'oint Arena jPoint Arena Mar. 9
:anta Rosa (Pan Dipgo Mar. ft
Vellington iDeparture Bay Mar. 10
Aiella (Crescent City Mar. 10
;oos Bay INewport Mar. 11
rrescent City... (Crescent City Mar. 11
•olumbla I Portland Mar. 11
'matllla 'Victoria & Puuet Round'Mar. 13
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
A. Blanch'd Cooa Bay JMar. 6. 5 pm'Pier 13
Newport .. Alaska Mar. 6, 12 m 'Center
Queen Vic <t Pprt Sd. Mar. 7. in amlPier 9
Corona San Diego Mar. 7. 11 amlPier 11
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 7. 10 amjPIer 13
Weeott Yaqulna Bay. Mar. 7, 10 am'Pler 13
Australia .. Honolulu Mar. 8, 2 pmlPler 7
Aloha [Point Arena.. Mar. 8, 3 pmjPler 2
State of Cal Portland IMar. 9. 10 amlPler 24
Orizaba [Newport IMar. 9. 9 amjPler 11
Gaelic IChlna&JapaniMar. !>, 1 pmiPMSS
Curacoa ...'Mexico IMar. 9, 10 am I Pier 11
Santa Rosa'San Dlepo 'Mar. 11, 11 amlPier 11
Pt. Arena.. IPolnt Arena.. IMar. 11, 3 pmlPier 2
Walla Wall) Vic & P*t Sd. IMar. 12, 10 am Pier 9
Columbia ..IPortland |Mar. 14, 10 am'Pler 24
Steamer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ l Sunday. March 5.
Stmr Albion, Erickson, 46 hours from Port
Los Angeles.. ■
Stmr Navarro, Higglns, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Corona, Debney. 60 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg. -:._-.:„ .; .«*
Stmr Gypsy, Leland, 28 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr State of California, Goodall. 49% hours
from Portland via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr City of Puebla, Xhomu. 28 days 14 .
U bark Brussels. Tonkins, 100 days front
N Bk^will^B:^me. Brown,, 16 days from
S s n chr Reliance. Nordllng, 33 hours from Fisk*
M Sc'hr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 40 hours from
B ° S chr nS Ar a c ! nfe nl and Fontie. Jensen. 18 hour,
from Timber Cove.
SAILED.
Sunday, March 5.
! Stmr Alcazar, Gundersoj. — dro
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson. Eureka.
SSS D^na\ e c^ n b r^ hot-
Stmr Fomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Valencia, Lane. Manila. fra _
Stmr Grace Dollar, . Fosen. Alcatras.
I Bark Alien Besse. Potter. Honolixh£ H—
Brig John D. Spreckels, Chrifctianben. nuu«-
I lulu and Mahukona.
Schr Guide, Olsen. Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed March 4— Bark Gatherer.
ship Columbia, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 4— Schr Chal
lenger, for Port Townsend. ..
COOS BAT-Sailed March 5 - s * 1 r , np Al i^;
Blanchard, for San Francisco; schr Viking, for
San Francisco. — Arrived March 5-—
PORT TOWXSEXD - Arrived March i 5—
Bark Oakland, from San Pedro: ?tmr_ I ma
tllla. hence March 2. Sailed March 5-Schr
Louis, for Callao; echr W. F. Jewett, for
VENTURA-Arrived March 5-Stmr George
Loomls, hence March 4. Sailed March 5-Stmr
K^rrl^a^f £&,%£& F f^
Yaquina Bay for San Francisco f
Ft'RFK A.— Sailed March u— Schr Alice, iw
NEAH BAY-Paased March 5-Bark Gain
e T6R% 0m T T O fl^XS a E^§ai,rd ran M^ 0 h -mm
*Z&F$&-&iM SSSfT* tmr Arcata
and BUnr Empire, for San Ifrancisou
24. Sailed March Br ship St. Mary s hb.j,
for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. N. S. Sailed January .4—
Hawaiian achr Honolulu, for Honolulu.
TELF.ORAPHIC.
TOINT LOBOS. March 5. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northwest; velocity 8 miles per
hour. — — i
ADCTIONJAII^
MAMMOTH AUCTION SALE
s?> AT "fe
EMPORIUM SALESYARDS, 220
VALENCIA STREET,
THIS DAY.
MONDAY. MARCH 6th. at 11 o'clock.
On account of settling up Murry Estate. We
will sell
100 head of broken and unbroken horses,
suitable for all purposes; weight from 900 to
1500 pounds. will positively be sold to thu
This stock will positively be sold to tn<»
highest bidder. Stock can be seen on the
premises. g WATKIXS & CO., Auctioneers.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
|~ Steamers leave Broadway
m... wharf. San Francisco:
HnMk For Alaskan ports.^lo a. m
ISO^Sv'^ change at Seattle.'
i IBkSß^i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Bjg«r*gtfMl c \ port Townsend. Seattle,
r^^&mM Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
,^«Sq| and New Whatcom (Wash.).
. 1 an d le"er1 e"ery m fl£?h day ■■ 1-. l't • — •
i .nd every fifth day thereafter:
27; Apr. . -qp^tle to this company's steamers
change at Seattle 10 •■ . Tacoma to N.
for Alaska and <f-£\oC-P.Ry.
j thereafter. Monterey. San Simeon,
fa^ro^st l£^ro fa -geles) and
ETtfbtfm fourth day Rafter
iiSlliiS
Ca F b°o\ Maza n mn. Altfta La Pa,. Panta R-jsal.a
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
""TICKET* omiJK-4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m..
CADC SI 2 First Class Including Berths
lAnt $8 Second Clas* and Meal*.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. 22: March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17, 27,
M Short 9 'line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics,
(French Lino)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j.^.^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <go^
at 10 a. ' m. from Pier 42. North ■JNIMJIUkk
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
LA BRETAGNE March 18
LA TOURAINE March 25
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8
First class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowline Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.;
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul. ...February 22|3t. Paul March IS
St. Louis March 1 1 St. Louis March 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington ...Feb'y IE Southwark March $
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March 15
Friesland....... March l! Kensington.... March 2J
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For lull information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
tO Montgomery it., > ay of Its agencies
TOYO~KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers ' for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU ....Friday, March 17
NIPPON MARU ...........Wednesday. April II
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May i
, Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
: .lj?i \TJS. i&£rf _-— — «*-t 2 p. m.
fHßßsamaml The s - Australia
[j3l fiHIC sail 9 fnr Honolulu
•t** a ""*» Wednesday. March 8,
M ™ ' at 2 p. m.
(*iS^\^\ The P. S. Alameda
K»MfWVtffinmch|n,) sails via Honolulu and
CMwlllDlliy^ Auckland for Sydney
<skss*^ •nmFWDU-. Wednesday, March 22.
&Z> VyilipUlwp at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
I Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO , 114 Montgomery Street
Freight, 327 Market St., San Francisco
BAY AND RIVEB STjs^JKEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 1:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Misslon-at. Dock, Pier No.
I. Telephone, Main 1508.
FARE 800
I
•*""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jL^A 625 HEARST ST. Established
flpT fiSSI in 1854 for the treatment of Private
ijjLJJ^gssSP Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
- BaEESaSS^S) disease wearing on body and mtudac4
<hSrw2vtßs! Skin Diseases. The dociorcures when
os"E3§i»«^ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Carmen nrantrrd. Callorwrita.
„ »r. J. JT. UIBBOKi Box. 1337. San ft saclae*REPLIES TO
ATTACKS ON
B. H. ROBERTS
President Nye Talks
of Mormonism.
SAYS POLYGAMY IS DEAD
DECLARES THE CHURCH IS OUT
OF POLITICS.
Representative of the Latter Bay
Saints Claims the TJtah Congress
man Was Elected by Votes
of Gentiles.
President E. 71. Nye of the California
Mission of the Latter-Day Saints
preached to a very large assemblage In
Pythian Castle last right. It had been
announced that he would reply to the at
tacks being made on the church because
at the election to Congress from Utah of
B. H. Roberts, a Mormon and the hus
band of a plurality of wives, and this fact
undoubtedly was in a large measure re
ptile for the big attendance.
The speaker repudiated the allegation
that the Mormon church is in politics or
that it was in any way responsible for the
election of Roberts. He also denied that
polygamy was being or had been prac
ticed in Utah since the passage of the
Edmunds-Tucker act or that there was
any desire whatever among the members
of the church for a resumption of the
practice. He did not deny that there were
members of the church who had more
than one wife, but claimed that in every
such instance the plural marriages had
heen contracted pre% - ious to the act re
ferred to. and argued that it would be a
crime for the husbands of these women
to refuse to provide for them. Roberts
was one of them, ar.d he was doing just
what any man deserving to be called such
would do. That portion of President
Nye'a address referring to Roberts was
in substance as follows:
"In view of the fact that so many hard
things have recently been published about
the Saints, and tne further fact that the
newspapers have absolutely refused to
pub!:sh anything In our favor, I propose
to tell you some facts in relation to the
matter. The election of B. H. Roberts as
Congressman from Utah has stirred the
nation to its depths. There have been
:. misters al lover the land
and the "ministers have given expr
lr views, lavishly and recklessly.
•., too, have held mass meetings
;rpose of denouncing Roberts
and the church. Not that I depreciate the
-. th<?re are but few sections of the
country where women are appreciated as
they are In Utah. We have given them
the franchise and a woman is a member
of our State Senate; so we are certainly
at the forefront on this question.
"Some twenty-odd State Legislatures
have felt called upon to appeal to Con-
Roberts to take
it. Just remember that these grand
old solons, these wise old men, have done
rticle of evidence, ou
s been published in the news
papers. Do you, in your courts, convict a
man on hearsay evidence or on evidence
s alone based on newspaper publica-
I
'<When Utah was admitted to statehood
the Repub. was dominant in the
Territory. The Republicans controlled
• :t;^nal convention, and among
. Mormons and non-Mor
■ the church were
is they are now, divided in the mat
■ politics. At the election three
ago Roberts was the nominee of
Democrats for Congress. Moses
Thatcher, also a Mormon, was to be
sent to the Senate provided his party
controlled the Legislature. These men
had entered into an agreement with the
managers without consultation
with the leaders of the church. As they
both held high positions in the religious
body it was thought that they should
have resigned their :>osit!ons in the
church— positions which required their
■ led attention— before making any
political deal, and it was decided to dis
- them. They were accordingly re
buked by the church authorities for ac
cepting political nominations without first
resigning their religious offices. Then
arose a great clamor, and a howl went
tip that the church was interfering in.
politics. But nothing was said at that
time about polygamy; the subject was not
mentioned. At that election the Demo
;vere defeated.
"This last fall the tables were turned.
The Democratic party in Utah was suc
cessful and Roberts being again its can
for Congress was elected. But he
was not elected by the Mormons. The min
ing d- ere the voting population
was from 75 to 90 non-Mormon, he carried
- and in the city districts, where the
same proportions existed, he was also sue
."'. by good majorities, while in the
districts, which were Mormon by
tv>m 90 to 10), he was either beaten or re
- ■ majorities. He was elected by
an immense majority. Then the howl
commenced, and it began right among the
r.ffire seekers who got left at the election.
And what did they base their complaint
Ml? With the Salt Lake Tribune for their
man mey raised the cry of polyg
amy. They dug up Roberts' record and
more than his record. Th»y cried,
'W.hy don't the church call him down:
whv'don't the church mak« him get out?'
"The church, realizing tne result of its
action three years before, quietly decided
not to have anything to do with the mat-
But as the howlers wer^ not satis
:";--• <1 before, they are not satisfied now. It
■ much as though it was a
f 'You'll be damned it you do' and
: ; be damned if you don't."
"Th" church is absolutely out of poll
nd it? members are no longer prac
polvgamy. It is very likely that
near future the movement which
ha.- been inaugurated to submit an
am-'r.dmpnt to the Constitution of the
United States, prohibiting polygamy ab
ly and for all time, will result in the
I n being submitted to the Legisla
f th* several States for action, and
if this is done I think T can safely say
that the proposition will be adopted by
the Legislature of Utah, and that, too,
without any opposition whatever from the
Morm m Cnnrch."
FOUND DEAD IN HIS
MOUNTAIN CABIN
Brother of Famous Engineer Eads
Perishes From Exposure in
Montana.
■HELENA, Mont.. March The body of
" E. H. Eads, a brother of the famous en
gineer, James Buchanan Eads. who de-
Figned and constructed the bridge across
the Mississippi River at St. Louis, and
-who also demonstrated the feasibility of
deepening the channel of the Mississippi
at New Orleans by the construction of
fettles, was found last evening fn his cab
in up Mike mining gulch, eight miles
E^df was 70 years of age. Evidently he
had died from exposure or some natural
cause He lived alone in t.»e mountains a
Phort distance from the summit of the
main range where he had prospected for
poM for a number of rears He had few
friends and was regarded as a hermit by
those who knew him.
No Change at Oakdale.
SONORA. March 5.-Tho Sierra Railway
Company has made arrangements with
the Southern Pacific Company whereby .ts
trains from here on and after Monday
run through to Stockton without
og at Oakdale, as heretofore
Trains will leave here at 7:25, instead of
7:10..
DIED.
•MADISON— In Fruitvale. March 5. Hans.
-t»loved bu.-bani of Ore^lna Ma ; '. .n and
father of Fannie. Pauline and V alter Madl
■ »on. a native of Denmark, aged 63 years.
: ' • -f3T Notice of funeral hereafter.
A MURDEROUS BEGGAR
FLOURISHES A KNIFE
Thomas Murphy Arrested for Begging
and Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
THE vile abuse heaped upon re
spectable citizens by beggars on
their refusal to give them
money has been the subject of
repeated complaints to the police,
and Police Judges have in several
cases severely punished that class
of offenders.
Yesterday morning about 9 o'clock
O. Eritt, a young man living at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, was walking
along Market street, and at Grant
avenue was approached by a man
who asked him in a surly tone for
a dime. Britt remarked that from
the strong Emell of his breath he
was not in need of a dime and con
tinued his walk. The man uttered
an oath and, drawing a knife out
of his pocket, opened the blade
which is about three inches long,
and followed Britt, threatening to
slash him.
Britt saw Policeman Orr on the
other side of the street and at once
told him what had occurred. Orr
GILLESPIE AND
KINNE ON THE
FIGHTING LINE
Peace Hath Fled the
Populist Camp.
VOLLIES FOR DR. GRISWOLD
A SHOT OR TWO FOR MR. MON
TEITH IN PASSING.
George H. Clough, the Municipal
Convention Secretary, Suffers
From Some Warm Long
Range Firing.
Gentle peace hath fled the local Popu
listic camp. The war broke out during
the last political campaign and has raged
with fervor ever since. The factions are
Dr. Griswold, George H. Clough and their
follow members of an investigating com
mittee on one side, and the Purity of
Elections Committee of the party, promi
nent in which are George D. Gillespie and
A. B. Kinne, on the other. A few days
ago Dr. Griswold published the report of
his committee, in which he arraigned the
Purity Committee for much political im
purity. This has brought Messrs. Gil
lespie and Kinne again up to the fighting
line.
"It is quite refreshing," said Mr. Gil
lespie, "to hear Dr. Griswold talk about
corruption since he v. as openly convicted
of stuffing the ballot box at the election j
of officers in the People's Party County
Committee in 1892. and narrowly escaped
being thrown out of the window. He
trained with the middle-of-the-road wing
of the party in 1&0S till they Ignored him
in making up their slate for delegates to
the State convention. He then flopped
over to the fusion side and was elected a
delegate on their ticket, and by them
made chairman of the delegation. He be
trayed this trust the first opportunity by
voting against fusion in the convention,
in what was considered a test vote. Since
then we have never trusted him, so he
is now attempting to rule or ruin the
party in this city, and is ably assisted by
George W. Monteith. who betrayed his
party in 1596 by defeating our candidate
for Congress in the First District. Mon
teith wanted to be nominated for Con
gress in 1898. but was rejected because of
his treachery in 1596. and was compelled
to resign from the State Central Commit
tee, State Executive Committee and Fu
sion Committee. Hence, sore-head No. 2.
Georee H. Clough was never heard of un
til Mr. Kinne and myself made him sec
retary of the County Committee and sec
retary of the municipal convention.
"When the Purity of Elections Committee
was appointed he thought he should be
made its secretary, but the committee
considered P. J. Pye much more compe
tent for the place and elected him to do
the work. This made Clousrh mad and he
has since been trying to get even on the
Purity of .elections Committee, notwith
standing the fact that the committee al
lowed him $S6 for his services as secretary
of the municipal convention, which was
the only extravagant expenditure that we
made during the campaign.
"In regard to the charge of paying our
selves salaries: In previous campaigns
the secretary of the Purity of Elections
Committee received $25 per week. Last
year we only paid MR. The purity com
mittee was investigated by the executive
committee and exonerated of every charge
to the satisfaction of all parties, with the
exception of a few persons of the Gris
wold stripe."
A B. Kinne also rakes the Griswold
party fore and aft with several hot vol
lies. Relative to Dr. Griswold's printing
patronage charges he says as proprietor
of the party paper he. of course, got much
of the printing, which amount' 1 to 1580.
Dr. Griswold used a large portion of the
space paid for out of the party funds.
George D. Griswold received $150 for his
entire summer's labor. Then committee
men, who gave their entire time and ser
vices to the campaign, were paid ?3 per
day. Mr. Kinne spe-akß as follows:
"The suggestion that any member of
the Purity of ElectlonsCommittee received
money or solicited money other than the
legitimate contributions which are ac
counted for, is an infamous attempt to
blacken the character of honest nten with
out incurring the responsibility therefor.
The statement that Mayor Phelan and
myself had any understanding before elec
tion with reference to my position in the
Health Office is on a par with the rest
of their statements, and also absolutely
without foundation. The subject was
1 never mentioned between us.'
CHINESE OUTLAW TAKEN.
Fifty-Two of the Notorious Nui's
Body Guard Killed.
LONDON, March 6.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says the
leader of the rebels in the province of An
Houi (Nagan-Hool), the notorious des
perado Nui, has been captured, fifty-two
of his bodyguard being killed.
Forty-Eight Years a Justice.
MARYS VI LLE. March s.— Judge J. F.
McNutt, who for forty-oight years was
Justice of the Peace of East Bear River
Township, died suddenly to-day at his
home in Smartsville at the age of 84
years He was a native of Tennessee. In
1879 he was a delegate to the constitu
tional convention, and he represented
Yuba County in the Assembly.
Escaped From the Fire.
SCRANTON, Pa.. March s.— The lives
of nearly 100 persons were jeopardized by
a flre which broke out In the Lackawanna
Valley House block early this mornine
ard communicated to the second, third
and fourth floors. The occupants were
taken out safely, but clad only in their
night clothes.
THE SAN FRA3TCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
placed the man under arrest and
sent him to the City Prison, where
charges of begging and assault with
a deadly weapon were booked
against him. The murderous mendi
cant gave the name of Thomas Mur
phy and his occupation a molder.
The knife was booked as evidence
against him. When searched a razor
was found concealed under his col
lar, and in his pockets were 60 cents
and five meal tickets.
Murphy denied that "he asked Britt
for money or drew a knife upon
him. He said he pulled out his knife
to cut his finger nails and was doing
so when the policeman arrested him.
He said he came here from Sacra
mento Saturday morning and in
tended to apply at the Union Iron
Works for a job. He could not give
the name or number of the hotel
where he said he slept Saturday
night. His appearance is not pre
possessing, and the police believe
that he is a professional beggar.
THE ASSESSOR
WOULD BE THE
CITY'S MAYOR
But Mr. Dodge Has
His Troubles.
AMBITION AND PATRONAGE
A HUNGRY BRIGADE SHARP
ENS LONG KNIVES.
The Doctor Makes the First Move in
the Local Campaign, but the
Examiner's Patronage
Makes Trouble.
The local Democratic barometer
is C:<playing to all competent poli
tical forecasters signs of the com
ing: storm which will begin gath
ering strength in a very perceptible
way within twenty-four hours after the
adjournment of the Legislature. Ine
"pollies" are anticipating an exceptionally
hot local campaign this year, owing to
the new charter, which will go into effect
on January 1 under the administration of
a new set of officials, to be elected on
November 7.
"With the new order of things tho
Mayor's office will at once assume trans
cendant importance to every practical
politician interested in municipal patron
age, and this office will be the political
storm center from the start.
It is only among the local Democracy
that prospective candidates for Mayor can
yet to be seen to loom. Phelan will be a
candidate, as everybody knows, and a
great portion of the Democracy will be
out to defeat his nomination. Hundreds
of the boys vaguely turn to Colonel J. F.
Smith as a possible Moses, but nobody
knows whether or not he will be back in
time or whether he would accept a noml
j nation if he could get it.
Acording to general local Democratic
information there la only one candidate
who is thus early laying underground
wires to capture the nomination, and that
man is Assessor Dodge, who happens to
be the subject of more political gossip and
adverse criticism Just now than any other
officer of the municipality. Mr. Dodge is
laying for the big nomination. Charles
Wesley Reed is his biggest Warwick, and
he has come assistant Warwicks in the
persons of Dr. Kagan, Gavin McNab, Ed
ward Godchaux and others who are cred
ited among the practical Democratic poli
ticians with directing the distribution of
i the main portion of his patronage,
! amounting to forty-two deputies and
about 100 extra men. As Mr. Dodge was
the only Democrat elected to a dispensa
tion of any good patronage the entire
j local army of place hunters have turned
their hungry eyes on the Assessor's office
and Mr. Dodge has been having a most
exciting experience.
It was a great anct wise Democratic
leader who once said that if a man gave
one man a place he made one ingrate and
nine enemies, and the talk about Mr.
Dodge recalls the maxim.
Assessor Dodge is finding his road to
fame beset with thorns. The thorns are
all over the tenderloin. and all over South
of-Market. The disposition of the As
sessor's patronage is discussed far more in
certain wide circles than the policy of ex-
I pansion. One thorn that Mr. Dodge has
i been pricked with is Major Harney, Har
bor Commissioner, and chairman of one
faction of the local Democracy. Mr.
Harney and his friends are whetting long
! knives for Dodge, because he refused to
: honor some patronage drafts drawn by
I the Examiner.
Late in the recent campaign the Ex
i amincr secured a conference of party
i leaders with a view to getting the beaten
I Raihevites to stand in and support tne
local ticket. M. F. Tarpey on behalf of
I the Examiner promised one-third of the
local patronage to the Rainey wing as tne
price. Chairman Harney, Secretary Mc-
Govern and some others of the 450 agreed
I to the proposition, but a meeting of the
whole committee on the proposition broke
| up in a great row and only eighty-one
i stood by the local Democratic ticket
j nominated by the Committee of One
Hundred.
When the election was over Mr. Dodge
j was •.•ailed upon by the Examiner to rec
! ognize the bargain and did so. The Ex
! aminer allowed Harney srx deputies and
' fifteen extras, and Dodge, it is said, told
I Harney to send in his list and it would
! be all right. Harney's list included Secre
-1 tary John F. McGovern, who had long
done valiant work for the Rainey organi
zation; S. T. Kohlman and George A.
Love, two other local war horses. The
other three were John G. Fitzgerald, late
of the Sheriff's office; John Bennett, from
the Recorder's office, and Tom Clark,
formerly of the Street Department. The
last three were appointed and tho first
three were not. Harney and his friends
charge that the three appointed got there
only through other influences.
Recently Harney went out to the Asses
sor's office to see about the three that
were turned down, but got no satisfaction.
The upshot mi an exchange of hot lan
guage and as Harney left he is reported
to have said to Dodge:
"You have gone back on your word. All
agreements between us are off and just
remember that I am still in politics."
Thus Harney, McGovern and their friends
■ have no further use for Dodge or for Me
' Nab, Reed, et al., to whose influence the
turning down is partly charged.
"Harry" Zemansky was slated for an
important deputyship and was downed, it
is said, because he was a friend of Max
Popper. The only failure that Charles
Wesley Reed has scored on Assessor's
patronage is said to be in the case of
"I arry" Conlon. the robust young hero of
! many a Buckley primary in the Twenty
eighth Reed recommended Larry, and
when he asked about it later Mr. Dodge
is reported to have said: "Why. Mr.
] Reed, I am surprised at -your making
such a recommendation. Mr. McNab tells
me that he is nothing but a hoodlum and
a Buckley lamb." Larry is desperate and
swears that he is going to ''punch McNab
in the snoot." . . . d
The disgruntled legion charge that
Dodge through Reed. Ragan and other
Warwi'cks, has appointed all sorts of
Raineyites who knifed him and the rest of
the Democratic ticket, and the roar that
is going up is an interesting accompani
ment to the progress of Mr. Dodge toward
the Mayor's chair.
SNOWBOUND TRAIN
WITHOUT PROVISIONS
Starvation Confronts Passengers on
an Overland Stalled at Iron
Mountain.
CHEYENNE, Wye., March s.— An ur
gent message for relief was received to
day from the Cheyenne and Northern
train in the snow at Iron Mountain. The
provisions are reduced to a few beans
and a little coffee, with forty-two per
sons to be fed. They have been snowed
in for six days. The conditions are des
perate as the adjacent ranches where
food has heretofore been obtained are
about out of provisions.
Hon John F. McDermott, John Foxton
and W. K. Foxton. who walked in from
the imprisoned train, report the cuts
drifted level full of hard snow between
here and Iron Mountain, and that the
only way of getting through with a train
will be by shoveling. A relief train with
a supply of provisions and 100 shovelers
was sent out this morning, but it can
not reach the imprisoned train before to
morrow morning.
The blockade on the Tjnion Pacific was
raised to-day and trains are now running.
It was with great difficulty that the ro
taries and wedge plows managed to push
through as the cuts were all piled full
of hard packed snow. The trains that
were Imprisoned at Laramie came
through all the way from seven to twelve
hours late. The weather to-night ia
warm and fair.
PIGEONS WILL CARRY
MESSAGES TO SHORE
Feathered Messengers to Be Used by
French Transatlantic
Liners.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, March s.— The Figaro states
that a service of pigeons between French
transatlantic liners and the shore will to
instituted this month and almost constant
communication between the steamers and
the land is henceforth injured.
The first thing is to train the pigeons on
tVe passage from Havre to New York for
two or three passages. When the train
ing is> over a dozen pigeons will be sent to
Havre each week, to leave by the Friday
steamer. After the vessel has passed
Scilly on Sunday morning the dispatcho3
will "be collected and photographic reduc
tions made of each. One bird will thus be
able to carry all the dispatches. On ap
proaching New York the birds will be re
leased and their dispatches cabled to
Havre.
ALGER IS STUBBORN".
Insists That He Shall Not Resign
From the Cabinet.
NEW YORK, March 5.— A Washington I
special to the Herald says: Secretary Al- ;
ger again denied to-night that he would
soon tender his resignation and that Gen- i
eral Anson G. McCook was to succeed ;
him. Notwithstanding these denials
strong influences are still at work in the
Republican party to force him from the !
Cabinet and influential party leaders are
agreed that he must soon go.
— -
FALLS FROM A STREET CAB.
Judge Campbell cf Los Angeles Sus
tains Serious Injuries.
LOS ANGKLES, March r,.— Judge Alex
ander Campbell, an attorney well known
on the coast, sustained a fracture in the
hip and a broken arm by falling in alight
ing from a streetcar last night. His con
dition is pronounced very serious. He is
76 years of age.
Victory for the Liberal Church.
DAYTON*. OOf. f March s.— The Circuit
Court of the State of Maryland, composed
of Judges Boyd, Stake and Sloan, decided
the church property case iri Smoketown,
Md., In favor of the Liberal Church. The
case was tried at Hagerstown, Md., and
the decision was unanimous. This adds
another to the already lonp list of de
cisions in favor of the Liberal Church.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WORDS-
MERE WORDS!
Do rot amount to much, but prices talk. Hero
are some that ought to Interest you:
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c and SOc
Lydia Plnkham's Compound TOe
Hood's or Ayer"s SarsapaxUla .Oc
Swamp Root -iOc and SOc
Maltlne Preparations S.l«*
McGlll's Orange Blossom 7.".»-
Mellin's Food (large) 000
Ajax Tablets 4Oc
Cupldene • JOe |
Listerino « <•<•
NOTE— every person bringing In a sen-
tence made from the words at the top of thl3
space we will give a -handsome souvenir.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
Ar n neaamm
p V^949-95! NARKtrSI
"Jf «— 'MJEXIIXI_ MALE BROS — "" *
Jg^^2^i^^ A cold Is danger-
J^Msf%OX\ ous - Don't let it
2sSJ&X:''{\..i* get the start of you.
I^^*^wt A fpw doses of my
%Mf \*tt Cold Cure will
»S5» •jtSSR break up any form
tra in>«Mi|f9^ °f cold to a few
\7 '* f &?Hg3pity hours and prevent
V ** jPs¥ grippe, diphtheria
a i^^M'iJff aß^ pneumonia. »It
\^> JSjftf should be In every
./S^ "iTßff. • ho* 11 ® and every vest
-^*aa^ !s^^iSSv pocket It is better
,r%£riy)^'\w tUnn a llfo iQsur -
ijv| — » i .n-i, ,i "tv^y nnce policy. j
I I ■ J MUNTOy.
At all drafts, 25c. • tial. Guide to Health
Pr ,) Mg^v^i^,';tßii p< iMiMN fiTTinfwiTmii
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. . ■ „
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and . all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25 pis. a box. At Druggists,
, or by mail. RADtVAT & CO.. New York.
MAD, MERCILESS MARCH
«
What it Means to Millions of Consump=
tives and the Countless Army
of Lung Sufferers.
NOW IS THE TIMEJOJORTIFY YOURSELF
Catarrh, Bronchitis, Grip, or Its After- Effects, Asthma,
Weak System, Lingering Cough, and All Other
Consumptive Tendencies Should be Looked
After Carefully at Just This Time.
Whnt Mflwh MfiftTis ' poor circulation, pimply skin, night I makes the blood red, rosy and of quick,
wna,L iUttiun iuoo.uo. 1 sweats or any other symptom that healthy action. It clears the complex-
What the frost la to the flower is «hcnvs a consumptive tendency, don't ion and brings the rich hue of youth tq
March, mad, merciless March, to the : hesitate for a moment, but fortify your- the cheeks. It vitalizes every weak and
consumptive March is a month self at once, not as a precaution, but "rundown" condition, quickens the
tMi.o-t.*. n .i.v, faanfui r>fw<sihiHrip«? and ,as needed and necessary safeguard ; brain and regulates the heart, till the
fraught with fearful possibilities and . c posslbllitles . : whole systen t responds with a warm.
I countless dangers. March is the month . natural glow of perfect health. It brings
! when those of consumptive tendencies : The Way. back the degree of health which Nature
should be ever on their guard, ever on intended should be yours, and fortifie3
I the alert to combat the inroads of pul- : Never in the history of the world be- j nv { nci biy by making perfect.
i monary diseases. . £ or c has mankind been so singularly So mU( ; h f ~ or the SLOCUM SYSTEM.
March is the time when every cold, fortunate in having at its disposal a Now for th manner of obtaining it.
yes every symptom of a cold, should means to the end of fortification as to-
be 'fought off as gallantly and cour- day. Heretofore there have been many Practical Philanthropy.
ageously as only those under the glori- different ways to fortify yourself at a i system
nfu snr^nd StriDes know how to given point, each good in its way, but I Much as the bLOCLM blbTl.il
1 fleht <£ conditions nlw or old. remote nothing that could cover ALL condi- | means to humanity, great as its bene-
!nr Ir at hank tlons, nothing that would meet EVERY fits are to lung sufferers and those in
I npfrrh fq the time to look after the requirement, until the eminent Ameri- quest of fortifying strength, it may be
-Httt^thines in health " for many a can medical scientist. Doctor Slocum. obtained by the readers of the The Call
! consumptive^ grave has been filled by gave to the world the benefit of years i for the asking, owing to the desire of
one who neglected a simple cold, and of scientific study and research and ! Dr. Slocum that the world may partic-
realized the truth only when consump- promulgated what has since been j ipate in his glorious discovery and that
j tfnTi'a -ccifUpri £r*.st> was upon him. i named in his honor the SLOCUM SYS- i humanity may benefit and reap the
tion s wicKea b«u,y y tern , reward of his long . yearg Qf , abor
FortifY Yourself In the SLOCUM SYSTEM, which con- a special arrangement has been mads
J slsts of four distinctly different prep- ! with Dr. Slocum by which the readers
Now; not to-morrow, or the day a-'ter, arations, a carefully thought out and o f The Call may have the four prep-
but to-day— NOW— is the time to fortify scientifically constructed system of ! arat ions making up the SLOCUM SYS-
yourself against the ravages of possible j treatment is given. It touches not TEM by s!rnpl y sending their names
disease in the month to come. on one point, but on ALL the points ( and complete addresses to the SLOCUM
Remember that even the healthiest necessary to completely fortify the hu- LABORATORIES. 98 and 98 Pine street,
and most vigorous person in the worm man syste m against the inroads ol Xew York City Remember, this offer
i comes out of the month of March disease and t he dangers of climatic embracea the " entire, full, complete
1 weaker and less vigorous than at trie ; changes so potently powerful in March. SLOCUM SYSTEM, which is world re-
. .ing. Then what mu *' " "^.f^ FIRST, the SLOCUM SYSTEM nowned. and the principles of which
:to the millions of lung smierers »» ; seizes on every germ in the nose, ; have recently been indorsed by Sir
I haven't the vitality to n o nt me w , throat, chest or lungs, and after killing i William Broadbent, physician to the
i ments? .. w „___.,_ r)FATH' them drives them • completely out of prince of Wales.
It means one thing tomanv ?^ A ; the system, thereby removing the cause „_-.■.._ „, ~
Don't be one of those J^o^take .Qf diseate . Write to the DOCtOP To-Day.
£ h ?n2 cS ;f ££d and Neither which will j SF.< OMK it introduces into the No matter what your difficulty, no
5 vVn^ht relent le«=ly against you for weakened and debilitated system a ; matter what your condition, no mat,-
, be. V^ g ln J| weary wicked weeks. I strengthening, invigorating and fatten- t er what your fears, write to Doctor
Stn e rkvour constitution with a fighting Ing food, which builds up and restores 1 Slocum. Write fully and freely, with
: o . v nf ttreneth that will overcome the wasted and worn-out tissues and ; t^e idea that you are addressing a
i a^- rnnrtition of climate or weather, covers the body with a blanket of flesh, : man with a b ig. broad, liberal mind.
?"\.. llf ' yourself an invincible fortress whi«h defies the cold and piercing winds , who haa given the best part of his lifa
'of health a veritable Gibraltar of and properly protects the delicate res- ;to the study o f j ust such a case as
strength ' piratory organs. yours, and who will give you advice aa
slf you axe well and strong and hearty THIRD, it soothes and allays all j freely and generously as he offers his
! now #o this as an extra precaution; ] j nnarnmat j On o f the alimentary canal, • famous SYSTEM OF TREATMENT.
! but if you are in any way a lung sui- , due to the f orm?r activity of the germs, Don't d?lay, don't put off till to-mor-
! ferer if you have catarrh, astnma, , nQW removedi s tops all catarrhal disf ro w, but write Immediately to Dr. T.
■ bronchitis, grip or its after eff !r cts \.£ n *, ! charges and conquers the cough. i a. SLOCUM, 98 Pine street. New York
! kind of a couch, shortness of breatn a. FOI - RTIf X 6en ds all over the | City, giving full address, and say that
i hereditary consumptive histoo.occa a tonic Influence> whlch st lmu- i you read this generous offer in the San
I "mgrning^nd evening*' °cou* Mng spelif ! i late,, invigorates, strengthens and ; FranctocoCail.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
■OCTURBII PACIFIC COSla"Ajnr.
IrAcinc system.)
TralM I«A»e tan* are «!••• to »rrtT« at
NAN rUAMCIKIO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) (
i. SAT x — From Deo. 18. 1838. — A»arr«
<S:0Oa Kil«e. Ban Joee and Way Stations... •&*&*■
7:ottA. Betiida, Suis'ia and Saorameato. . . . os*ot
liHOa. MaryiTilie. Oro»IUa and Reddlnc »l»
WoodlADd 5*1 3 *
7i«« A. Elmira, VacaTllla and Romtey Bt*3r
7:*OAi»arUnei, San Itataon. Vallejo. TX*V.
O»li«toga and Bant* Ron 5.«*
11:0 0* Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kast.. ■>•»<»*
li|«i But Jc»«. liTermore. Htocktou, a
lone, Sacramento, PlaceolUe, "
Marystille. Calco. lU<l UlufT *>\*r
HtSOA. 'Milton, Oakdaleand Jiuneotown... 4«lor
1jO«a. Martlnes. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Meroed and Freano 12il»»
•■••A Fresno, Hakmiiel.l. ijftiiU iUrl.ara,
Los AD«elea, D«unin«. El Pa*>,
Kew Orleaua and Ea»t !';«*
1O:«OA Yallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7x43*
12i*0x Nil««, Llwrmore, Stockton, 8aor»-
-mento, Mendota, Hanfard, > Uail*,
rorwrrtUe ■: .i'll 9
•liOOr B*orainonU) lt|Tei Bt««mers ■:»•»
lift«r Martlncx, Ban rUmou, ValleJO,
Kapa. Callitof a, Santa Roaa o«ia*
«it>or Beoleia, VaoaTUle, Sacramento,
Woodland, KntghU Landing, -*-■'"
M»ry«rUle, OroTilJo I : 12*
«:80f Niloe, Ban Joee aud Stockton ....... '"»»
SiOOrStn Francieoo ana Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersflsld. Los
Abk«-1o« •'* 3 v
S:8Op Stoclrwa, J4eic«U, Fieno 18:13*
U:aur Martinez, Tra«r. JgeodoU, Fresno.
Mc)aT«, Santa ITarbara and I^a
Aus»l«i ......•• •*«*
fS:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East..... 19:434
•■SOr riant* Fo Itomc. AUtui.lt i.«l>roa«
for Mojare ami Haat O: 12'
«iOOp Itnropcan Mall, <>g<te» and 1tu1.... »'J2*
6iOOy Harrards, KUes and Ban Jo»e -1.5*
•«tO»r Vailejp •• •• I*»» 3'
r7t««r VrllbJo, Port OosU and Way Bta-
tlons J0»4»»
»«»»r Oregon K*|>ree»,H«orani«nto, Marys-
*ille. lUJilliik. Portland, l'.iget
Hound and Kaat 18 *
_1»:O3p Sunset UmlU'd. Fresno. Lot
Angfllaa, El Paw. New Orleans
andKait . : : t1:43 ?
*"BAX LBASimi) AN*I» !I.4Y\VaK»S LOCAL.
! -.;.---.■• (Foot of Market Street.)
*"" \ Kelroßß, SentliiarT I'arh,
■tOOA Vttchborjf, Kltnliunt, «:t.T*
|«:OOA San I,*a».lro. South Saß f*9>43A
lO.iiu* L*anrtro. K»tu.!illo, \% : l* k
OlioOa Lorenzo, Cherry I?'!','
8;»op nn rt J«'*s?
liVOr | RnM throiigh to Nile* '» s *°*
7iOoi> « Ron, through to Nflas. :- ™
j I From Klles. __l .
* COAST DIVISION (Harrow Unugt).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
""•«13a Newark. Uentcrrille. San Jo«e.>>ljton.
BonlderOreek.SanlaOnixandWay _. I
- ■■'•'-.'■. Sutiooa. ■•• B«0«»
•«il9r NewarkTcenterTllle, Ban Joso New
Almadeo, Felton. Duuldur Creek,
Banto Ctui and Principal Way
Station* • B **
4IIIP Newark, San Jose and Los O*tos... »:«•*
fll«4.3pHunt«rs' Excorsloa, Ban Joa« and
| Way BUtlons." * t'«»*g
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSil UaICISGO-rnt of Birkit Street (Slip 8)— -•
•715 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *2-00 J3:M
•4:0: tS:0O *6:00r.H.
fwaOUUJB— Fm* »f BrMdwty.— '6K)o 8:00 10^*««
112:50 »l:30 }3:00 *3:00 ti:M *s:oo>Ji.
COAST MITIStOX (Broad Caused
(Third and Townatml Sta.) ■ __ m
7i«oa Hmi Jona »i.d Way SUlloiis {Sow
Almadeu Wednesdays only) n»»»
•tO«A Sail Jo« 8. f Jr«i Mhos. H»uta Crux,
Pacldc <JroT«, Paso Kobles. San
J.uii OliUpo Guadalupe, Surf ana
rrlueipai Way Suti.ma .Soil
Ioi4»a San Job. and Way Stations 2'SJI
I IjSOa" San Jose and Way Stations ....... • l3a *
•2:lSpSan Mateo, liedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Ranto Clara, San .'<•««.
Qllroy. Hollijter, Santa Crux.
Salinas. Monterey and Faeido . |o . a- %
•»iSO P Sanj'^ae' and Way Btat|ojis . .... . . *™%\
•4«13r San Joeea...! Principal Way Stations »i« *
•5!««7 Sin Jose and Principally Stations «'*•/*
&:*»!• San J««ie au.lPr;.ici|.»l Way SUtlom 3i3of
SiSOr San Jose an.! WayStat'om. Vanl
|ll:4Sp San Joae mud Way Stations 7taor
A for Morning. F for Arteniooß.
• Rnadays exoer-ted. : Sundays only » Haturiiayii only
«lbn&l md TbuHKlays^ oTur*lay^ a n,l Sa I
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
treat Mexican remedy; Kives health aad
I straneta to »exaal organk. Depot.- 323 MarJteu
i - ' *
RAH.ROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Ye Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY, FRIDAY !
Arrive* In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday !
and Wednesday.
DINING CABS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally |
Overland Express.
SIS FBAMCISCO TICKET OFFICE — HABHEI SI !
TELEPHONE MAIN IBM.
Oakland CSce— lll3 Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol 3 Streak
Eaa Jose Offioe— West Santa Glut Si
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
JR^y^*J^^^ VIA THE
'^^Union Pacific. \
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CABS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally 'at I p. so.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Ajfeat.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK r>AYS-*7:20. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:«,
1:45. 6:15. «6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «8:00. •10:00. 11:30 a. m.; »l:ia.
1:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:55. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. «J:45, 5:05 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
6UNDAYS— •8:00. »10:00, "11:65 a. m.;
•1:15 »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VAL-LEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j WEEK DAYS-5-.45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m. ;
I 1235. 2:45. 'TRIPS p. Mondays. Wfr3nesday«
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
io:O5 - a_ m. : 1^:05. 1:20. 3:JO,
1:00. «:2OP. ROCGH TRAIN g. .
I:J0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
I 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaaliio ""erry.)
Leave San Frandsoo. commooclnc Sunday.
B^- t eelt I*Day»1 *Day»— 9:» a. m.. 1:« p. m.
6ur<iays-8:00. 100 C. U:SO a. m.. 1:U » a.
Ronnd triD from Mtll Galley. «.
?HOB COOK * SON. A«enta. m Uartof
1 itreet. Eaa Francisco,
RAILROAD TBAVEL. ._ . ;
CALIFDINIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LiEJSSHB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market 6t.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:SO, »:00, 11:00 a. m.; IX: a.
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trta
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. ♦ * •
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:»6. 11^5 a. m.l 1:10, 1:1*.
EOO 6:20 p. IB> • -
S*AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:80, 8:J0, 11:10 a. m.: Ui«L
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
BUND AYS— B:IO, »M. UslO a. m.; 1:40, tit±
5:00, 8:25 p. m.
Between Ban Frandsoo and Behuetaea Park
pame schedule as above,
. Lca^e ArrlYß
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francis©*
. — October 18, ' ■
Week I Bun- ISM. Sun- i W««k
Day/. ' Days. Destination, days. I day*.
T:SO am 8:00 am Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm! 9:80 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:15 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Rosa, 7:85 ptn 8:23 pea'
i ' Fulton, j I
f:Soam • Windsor. mtm am
Healdsburs;,
Lytton,
Qeyaerrille,
l:»pm IK)»am Cloverdaie. 7:35 pm I«M
* " Hoplax>d and
Ti«o am Ulclah. 7;BSpm •ftttm
'l-M am ' 110:16 ■*■
tt«oanj Ctern«yrtlla. Tt«B pm
1:80 pm . >:M Pq
f:IO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an
and
6:lopm liCOpm Olen Ellen. «:10 pm, 8:23 pa
7:SO am "ifflim Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:85 am.
8:30 pm 8:00 pmi 7:85 pm »-.n pa
Stages connect at Banta KDsa for Mark.W*«»
Bprlnys; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gay-
•ervllle for SkaMß Springs; at Clov«rdal« tat
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan. Spring*.
Highland Springs. KelseyrtM*, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlet*
Iprlnjs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Barato**
iprinis. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. V, ittw
Springy Upper Lake, Porno, Potter a-l!ey,
John Day's. Riverside. IJsriej's, BuckneU-s.
Banned Heights HullvUle. SoonevtU.^Ort'l
Hot Springs, Mendoolno City. Fort Bra*«,
1 Wentport. Usal. Wlllltta, LaytonvUle. Cua»»
Bell's Springs. Harrla. Ols«n'«, Dy*tv
; ?o" r Mondaj- round trl, tloket* aft
*& C I dayt round trip Uck.U to all points
1 uVoBd San Rafael at half rates.
Tlck«t offices" 650 Market St.. Chronic!* bl«».
I H. C WHITING. _ R- X. RTAN,
jieneral Managor. O«n- Pa«s A*enU
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
1 From Jan. 2S. 1889. trains will ran aj follow^
i - South-bound. { North-bound, j
' Passen- Mixed. ' Mixed. Pasaoa-
B*r. Sunday Stations. Sunday i ger.
' .Dally. Exe'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally, i
" 7:20 am 10-30 am Stockton 3:45 pm! 8:00 pmj
$ : 10am 1:05 pm Merced 13:40 pm 4:13 pmi
; 10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:41 pn*
1 11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanrord 7:45 am l:4o pra
i 2:25 pm 12:30 am BaJtersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 ami
11:59 ami i:Sspm' Vlaalia 6:40 am 1:23 pn*
12:15 pmi 6:53 pm| Tulara 6:60 am 1:06 pmi
: " Stopping at intermediate points a* required. J
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Marked
street. San Francisco. __^__^
BtMimn ifl'VAl |A
fISBBSV nou un> wB I I Si I
EHS%A fllHlsio
i /*k THE NEW
■ arar ioo. d. . *•>»• *fU, rffCliunii
VITAL"? KHh^y- 3-> * DCHCIIV
I FRODFAI'YnKABOTK SOth IHy. Cil 111
: EKS CI.TS. It quickly A sorely removes NerrotuEras, Inpot«iicy,
Kfghtly EmisVon«. Zril Dre»jEs Wutinj Disease* and all *BtH»
| <st -atmi* or«c«s and tndUerKion. Rtnora lost Vitality,
> Powtr and Failing Memory. Wards oil ItuanitT and Cncsamp.
; tioa. Cures wb«n all others fsiU Insist on haling VITAL! S.
no other. Can be carried In the vent pocket. By maU #1.00
per package or six for *5.00 with a ruanr.t** to Cure or
K»fon<l the MoistT. Cirenlar Free. Address
< All MET CVR£ CO., 884 DearVtra St., Chirac*
. Sold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F. and Oaklaail.
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
VOTERS BORED
BY ORATIONS
AND HARANGUES
Patience Must Last a
Week More.
OLD CLOTHES ARE AN ISSUE
THE AFFIDAVIT MAN IS IN THE
POLITICAL ARENA.
Many Unusual Incidents Make the
Election Next Week One of the
Most Interesting in
Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, | -,
308 Broadway. March 5. j 1
If a hundred candidates want to earn j J
the undying gratitude of a suffering city i
they should resolve not to inflict a single j ■
speech on their victims during the coming i
•week. I don't think a hundred votes will be | «
changed by tlfe oratory, argument, facts ; ,
.and fancies and vilification promised dur
ing the last seven days of the campaign. j 1
For a year and a half Oakland has been ; '
upset by political campaigns of one kind ,
or another, and by special elections. Now !
the only people who are attending the
meetings are the followers of the speak- ; <
era, who go to make a snowing and cer- ]
tainly not to be convinced or entertained. ■
It is surprising how few can be induced to •
spend the evening listening to denuncia- '
turns and promises, even when a few na- '
tional firebrands are thrown in. Nothing I
new Is brought up, and each side is kept | •
busy contradicting what the other camp j '
says, so that in the end everybody winds | i
up pretty much where they started out. ■
I can conceive of there being va.ue to the I
orators in some 01 the stump speeches | ]
made, if Barnum were alive and looking ' :
out for freaks for the cap and bells ap- | _
pendix to his circus, but outside of this : .
field some of the ambitious declaim are '
very much out of place.
One of the most amusing "issues" -* the ;
campaign so far has been a suit of the 1 ,
Street Superintendent's r»'-* clothes. Une •
issue was set up by Mr. Miller's political .
opponents, who declared that H» had once , j
employed a man who was broke ♦■» do
gome work at his home and had paid him :
with a suit of old clothes. The inference i )
■was made that Mr. Miller had employed ! ,
the man on the streets and had paid him •
•with old clothes, to the financial advan- ■
tape of said Mr. Miller. This was very se- j
rious and although I doubt if anybody i '
■who will help to elect Mr. Miller placed ! ;
any reliance on the story, it was consid- i '
ered necessary to resort to the affidavit ! ■
man, and when all the sworn testimony ' ]
•was in it appeared that a certain man had |
been employed by Mr. Miller to work at ]
his home and that Mr. Miller had given (
him for his day's work, a dollar, some
meals, and a suit of clothes "of as much : 1
value as a new $15 suit," and that said ]
man had afterward been given work on ' '•■
the streets, for which he received his j ;
.■warrant.-; and was regularly paid. The ; •
next tirr.»». Miller wants a 'lay's work done j \
•around h'.a home I wish he would let me i ;
know. ! J
' Then) hare been more than rumors dur- j j
Ing the past two days of certain nasty | .
prevoiailons to be sprung this week con- ! i
cerninsr Home of the candidates now run- I
Jiing for -ward Counetlmen. Details of ■
•<iivorc«« suits and of squandered fortunes jj
me promised, with all the attendant evils. ]
I sincerely hope that any candidate wno
■will open up such a campaign will be j ,
juried so deeply next Monday that he wni
Jiever be heard from in public -ife again.
The public heart goes out to Auditor
Enow in his greatest sorrow. Sometimes,
In the busy humdrum of public life we are
apt to acquire the habit of regarding an j
official as a machine— or a register of facts
and figures. Such men are found to be I
convenient in daily life, especially to j
newspaper men, but it is not easy always j
to associate the individual with the of- j
fice. With Mr. Snow, tm9 is not true. !
It is no trouble to him to enter into the j
spirit of a visitor's query and to explain j
anything that may be insufficiently under- j
stood. The Auditor has seemed to Know ]
his business so thoroughly that it is a |
pleasure to know him and to note me |
sincerity with which he enters Into his :
duties " Still, to the mass of the public I
he was "Auditor" Snow, a man of figures i
and practical ideas. Now it is different, j
"We know another Mr. Snow. The unwel
come hand of Death has reveale^ the bet
ter side of this worthy official's char
acter and the secrets of his home nave i
been, of necessity, brought out. Now it j
Is known that for years he has been tak- ,
Ing a part in the human drama more I
noble even than serving the public and of
•which few knew anything. And — <th this
load of added anxiety the busy work of
his office went on with unfailing regu
larity This is manhood and represents
the character of the Republican nominee
for Mayor.
Perhaps for the first time since <_o.,viand
Was a big city, her political complexion is j
to be definitely determined next Monday. ]
to a single vote. On looking at tna
cample ballot it is seen that there are but
two names for City Attorney. This is
the most important office in the city gov
ernment, not even excepting the Mayor.
The two candidates are City Attorney
Dow, the choice of the Republicans and
Municipal League, and Thomas F. Gar- |
rity the choice of the Independents and i
the Democrats. In former years there
have always been three leading candi
dates and "some others, but this time tne
line is drawn squarely. It is one of the
most interesting points to be decided at
the election. Mr. Dem's friends claim 1000
majority. Mr . Garrlty's friends say
"walk over." t , . , .
Another cause of much speculation Is
the vote Councilman "Woodward will re
ceive in his ward. One of the shrewdest
politicians has said seventy-five. I am in
clined to double that estimate, it being a
big ward. Mr. Woodward is confident he
•will succeed himself.
Here is the- latest piece of campaign
experience that has come my way. I will
give It verbatim. "There ie a certain place
in town where there are about thirty citi
zens who will vote as you tell them to if
' you do the right thing. Hire a room down
there and, you know, the saloons are
closed on election days. Well, put a few
gallons of wine in there and a few sand- I
wiches, and during the lunch hour march
in your men. Let them have plenty of
'dago red' and then give them your num
ber and march them to the polls. You
can do it easily with a trustworthy man
and about eight dollars. Remember, Da
vie was only beaten art: the last election
by about forty men." This was all said
in such evident good faith, or I would
give away all the details. If I should re
" ceivc thirty-one votes I hope 1 shall not
be credited with the purchase of the other
thirty for eight dollars handled by a
"trustworthy" man.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Funeral of Thomas A. Smith.
ALAMEDA, March '>.— The funeral
Fcrvlces of the late Thomas A. Smith !
were held at 1 o'clock this afternoon at
C'hr-'-t Church, of which ho had been se
nlor warden for over a quarter of a cen
tury. Rev. Dr. J. T. Lacey delivered the
funeral sermon and in touching t"rms eu
lozlzed the memory of the deceased.
The pallbearers were F. B. Graves,
Menrv Michaels, Gcorpo L. Lewis. G. H.
Andrews, R- S- Bullock and Flemon
Drake. The Interment was at Mountain
View Cemetery.
An Orchestral Concert.
BERKELEY, March 5.— The Berkeley
Orchestral Society has made arrar.go
rnpnts fur a concort next week which
Tirnmiaes to be one of the musical events
of tTe season. It will be given In Shat
tJck Ha?l next Tuesday night at 8
o'clock The programme Is to be a se
fectJon of chorus and orchestra pieces,
chosen almost entirely from classical mu
sic Both orchestm and chorus are com
posed exclusively of local talent, the for
mer under the direction of Alexander
Stewart, tho latter under Frederick
Clarke.
THE BURNS WERE FATAI*.
Death of -jirs. T. O. Crawford From
Coaloil Explosion.
OAKLAND, March s.— Mrs. T. O. Craw
ford, wife of the County Superintendent
of Schools, died at Fabiola Hospital this
morning from the Injuries and burns sus
tained at her home in Fruitvale yester
day through the explosion of a coal oil
stove. Mrs. Crawford did not regain con
sciousness and never recovered from the
shock. The burns she sustained were not
deep but very extensive, and death was
Inevitable.
The remains were at once removed to
the home of Dr. John Fearn, and if an
inqueßt ib ordered it will be held there.
ised leav»s a widower and a daugh
ter. Miss Eva Crawford, aged about 20
years. Mrs. Crawford was a native of
Maine, aged about <■'■ years, and was a
teacher in the Oakland public schools up
to thirteen years ago. She had classes
in the Durant and Tompkins schools. She
was an estimable woman and enjoyed a
very >-xtensive acquaintance. The funeral
will take place Tuesday morning at 10:30
o'clock from the J^rst M. E. Church.
Aiarneda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March 6.— The Alameda
Driving Association will hold its annual
meeting and election of officers Monday
evening in the office of H. P. Moreal.
The new parish house of Christ Church
was formally opened this evening. Bishop
Nichols conducted the ceremonies. "Soft
ly Now the Light of Day," a vesper
hymn composed by J. de P. Teller Jr.,
was sung by a quartet <"nsi.«ting of Ed
ward Thornton, Charles W. Brock, J. de
P. Teller Jr. and A. 1.. Crane.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. !
Thekla Helmrich to Nellie S. Oxnard (wife
of Robert), lot on N line of Broadway, 43 \V
of Buchanan, W 4E by N 137:fi; $16,500.
William McCracken to David J. Makepeace.
N line of Fell street, 181:3 E of Stelner,
E 25 by N 137:6: ?10.
Same to Frances 1.. Makepeace (wife of D.
J.). lot on N line of Pell street, 206:3 E of
X SS by N 137:6; $10.
.1. U M. Shetterley to Kat • V. Shctterley, lot
o":i SK corner of Oak and Lyon streets, S 25 by
E 91:2; I
Joseph A. and Letitia Vauphan to Jacob and
Julia. Wif<e, lot on S line of Geary street. 484 W
of Steiner, W 22 by S 82:6 (Hamilton Square);
$10.
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to Marga
ret Dunton. lot on N line of Seventeenth street,
;.;. E of Noe, E 2G by N 91:6: $10.
J !:n L. and Kate Burgess to Marie Sie
brecht lot on S lino of Fifteenth street, 252:5
lastro, W li. SE 18:3. N 17:4's: $50.
Merchants' Loan Abaoclatlon to John Burns,
lot on N line of Army street, 25 E of Polores,
E 25 by N 73; JlO.
Margaret an'i ' ;»nr;ro R. Munroe or Munro to
Frank H. Hodse. lot en N line of Seventeenth,
street, C 43:« E of DourUihs. N 90 by E 22:6: $10.
James B. and Daisy Belle Brooks to Wells,
Fareo & Co.. lot un S line of Francisco street,
165 W of Dupont, W N by S 70; $10.
Mary F Campbell to Dennis O. Crowley. lot
on S line of Turk street, 2C6 W of Jonee, W
40 by * 337 :C: $10.
Michael and UridßCt Greany to Thomas E ;
Rvan lot on SE line of Brannan street, 205 SW
of Seventh, SW 40 by SE 175; $10.
William W and Carrie F. Rednall to Ellen
E Morton, lot on W line of Vermont street. 100
N of Twentieth (Napa), N 25 by W 100: $10.
Henry Ford to William A. Deane. lot on E
line of Twenty-third avenue, l.",0 N of Point
Lobos avenue. N 75 by E 120: $10.
August Welsenbach to John A. Miller (exe
cutor of the estate of Maria Miller), lot 7,
block 3, Market, t-treet Homestead Association;
Mary A. Weaver to Louta Kahn. lot on NW
line of Paris street. 10) N'E of Brazil. NE o0
by NW 100, block 13. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Louis A. Lauenstein to Robert A. Lauenstein,
lota Bo and 80, Ben Franklin Homestead Asso
"john'McGonizle to Mary McGonifrle lot on
NW line of Wyoming street. 155 NE Sickles.
NE 100 by NW 100, block 6, West i-nd Map
2' gift
' J Edmond and Julia Sheppard to Gustav M.
Pch'oeppe and Jnhn Schneider, lot on E corner
nt Twenty-flrat avenue south and I street south.
BE 75 by NE 100, Jot ?. block 400. South Sim
Francisco Homestead Railroad Association; $10.
F«tate Nils Axel Waldeman Brunskog. alias
Axel BrunskOß <by California Title Insurance
and Trust Company, executors) to Charles Z.
Soule lot on SW line of Roanoke street. 50 NW
of Laidlev, NW 25 by 113; $125.
Isabella M. and Charles Z. Soule to Lena
rhristensen (wife of A.), same being lot 02,
.Hock 4. Mission and Thirtieth Streets Home-
M Mn*.nio' Cemetery Association to D. L.
Fprnlworth. lot 30, section 20, said cemetery;
"fame to Flora L. Bartlett, lot 2S, section 25,
same; $103.
Alameda County.
George S. and Kate Panford to Lorenz arid
Lena Koch, the N 25 feet of lot 9, block 6,.,
Watt" Tract Map, Oakland; $10.
Lorenz Koch to Lena Koch, «=ame; «tft.
B E and Hettie R. Allyn to E. R. lutt. lot
on W line of West street, 80 S of Thirty-second.
S 40 by W 115, being lot 5, block 2038, Rowland
Tr A C H Buncombe to E. A. Wilson (wife of F^
M.). lot on W line of Vernon street, 360 No
Santa Roca avenue. N 60 by 130, being lot
1" and S half of lot 11. block E. Stanford
Tract, subject to a mortgage for JSOO, Oakland ;
?1 John Mitchell to Ellen M. Mitchell, lot on
S line of East Fifteenth street. 152:4 W of
Twenty-third avenue. W 37:6 by S 100. East
Elizabeth Clark to Emma L. McCarthy, lot
on NE corner of Eleventh and Powel. streets,
N 100 by E 31. block 23. Beaudry and Peladeau
property, Oakland Annex; JIOOO.
William G. and Hetty T. Henshaw and Wil
liam J. and Virginia R. Dlngee to Mary- Hall
(wife of F T.), lot 1, Revised Map Piedmont
Cable Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Anson 8 and Anita S. Blake to Anson Soren
pen (wife of Walter), lot on S line of Fain-lew
street 40 H of Kins. E 40 by S 100. block 2.
Regent-street Homestead. Berkeley; $10 .
Anson S. (and as attorney) and Anita S.
Blake (by attorney) to Catherine S. Schmidt
(wife of J. C). lot 25, block 63. tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; also lot 27 and N 20 feet of lot 26.
block 137 A very Tract, Berkeley; $10.
G F and Mary M. Barker (by attorney) to
John F Morton, lot on S line of Haste Htreet,
26 I \V of Tremont. W 50 by S 135, being lot 11,
block 6. amended map of Barker Tract, Berke
riara Harm to Catherine S. Schmidt, lot on
N' line of Francisco street, 120 E of California,
ESOby N 13", :4 : ,4. being the W3O feet of lot
7, block 1, State" University Homestead Asso
clntlon No. 5, Berkeley; $l't.
George T. and Sophie L. Wrißht to T. B.
Draper lot on NW line of Peralta street, 270.03
NE of' Jones avenue. NE SO, NW 112.31. SW
50 02 SK 110.92 to beginning, being lots 12 and
13. blork E. Elmhuret Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Charles Harbaugh, Lulu and Qenrge W. Ward
to William S. Joy, lot on S line of Alameda
avenue 350 W of Willow street, W 50 by S 150,
bPing iot 17, block F, property of Pioneer
Jlr,mf«=tf-?.ri Association, Alameda; $10.
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P.
A Prat her to Frank O. Erwln, lot on N line
cf Twelfth street. 100 E of Oak, E 40 by N 100,
block 167. Oakland; $2000.
George and Henrietta L. McCalllster to Dan
lel McGlone, lnts 170 and 171, block X, map of
Beulah Park Camp Meeting Association, East
Oakland: «0.
C W. Elliot (successor of Robert Smllle. de
ceased, assignee). O. H. Burnham and J. J.
Movers (Insolvent) to L. C. Burnham. lots G
and H on maD of resubdlvlded portion of
Smith's subdivision of Matthews Tract, Berke
ley; 10 cents. ; i.~
V. R. and J. A. Parker to Emily Magor, lots
27 and 65 on man of resubdlvkled lots 1 to 11
of Maker's subdivision of the Yoakum Tract.
subject to a mortgage for $3000. Brooklyn Town
ship: $10. '
C B and Lizzie A. Trorksr>ll to Lorenzo D.
Boyce lot on SE line of Broadway. 50 SW of
r.liindln? avenue, B\V 50 by RE 140.16, being
lot 5 block C Hays and Caperton Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage for $1500, Alameda; $2000.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Dolores
Carillo. lot on TV line of Eighth street. 100 S
of Bancroft way, S 50 by W 133, being lot 7,
block 124, Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I. As
sociation, Berkeley: $5.
R J Sullivan to Mark Sheldon, lot on W
line of Calais street. SO S of Woolsey. S 45 by
TV 150 being th» S 45 feet of lots 20, 21 and 22,
block F, in Dlat 53, Peralta Ranch, Berkeley;
$11 i
William and Celestia Glendye to Catherine
I,as»erot. lot on N line of Hlle-ard avenue,
122.40 \v from the E line of Daley's Scenic
Park Tract. TV 25, N 125. E 25. 8 125 to be-
BinnlnK. beln* subdivision 24 of lot 6, block
25. Daley's Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
A E Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Grace P Bullard. lots 100 and 101. Elmhurst
Park No. 2, Brooklyn Township: $80.
A- E. Shaw (trusteed to same, lot 80, Elm
hurst Park. Brooklyn Township; $75.
Henry and Rose Mohr to Howard K. James,
lot on E line of San Pablo avenue. 68.22 S of
Thirty-second street, S 55.44, E 90.99. N 25. TV
10 N 2S TV 104.95. belntr lots S and 9, block 2039,
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
John C and Charity L. Rogers to Horace D.
Irwin, lot on TV line of Ellis street. 301 N of
Prince, N 37:7% by W 120. being the S half of
lot 85, block 8, lands of Regent-street Home
stead. Berkeley; $10. _ .
Horace D. and Carrie M. Irwin to Johann
Georire Voxel, lot "on B line of Falrvlew street,
115 W of Adeline. TV 36:8 by 8 100, block 2,
Amended Mao resubdivlsion Central Park,
B j r P.^and Edna F. Beckett to I. O. Heyden-
T P and Edna F. Beckett to I. O. Heyden
feldt lot on NW line of Boston avenue, 30 NE
of Harrold street, SE 59.20 by NW 100.23. por
tion of block A, Champion Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10. . ' _ . '
Otto and Amalle Schrader to R. N. Mason,
lot on W line of Verdi street, 375 B of Ruilroad
avenue, S 50 by TV 150. being lot 32, Enclnal
Park Tract, Alameda; $30.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
ALL KINDS OF
JOKERS MAY
BE EXPECTED
Water Rates WiH Be
Fixed To-Night.
OAKLAND'S ANNUAL STRIFE
THE SOLID SIX APPEAR TO BE
BEPENTANT.
After the Experience of Past Years
Any Kind of a Surprise May Be
Confidently Looked
Tor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 5.
The most important meeting of the year
will be held by the City Council on Mon
day night. The business of fixing the wa
ter rates will be taken up and no one is
able to guess what may happen. There
have been some most remarkable Bur
prises in the Council chamber over the
fixing of water rates, and last year it was
the cause of several riots.
The ordinance handed in to the commit
tee last night by Councilman Earl has up
set all the calculations regarding the pro
gramme of the "solid six." Everybody
had expected that Earl's ordinance would
be a high one, especially as only two of
the members of the six are seeking re
election. It is, in reality, the well-known
"non-partisan" ordinance of 1897, gener
ally considered to be the low-st rates ever
passed by the Council. Mr. Upton, on the
other hand, has introduced an ordinance '
much higher than that of Mr. Earl; but |
j much lower than the rates in the infam- j
i ous document passed last year.
There will undoubtedly be some warm
debating at the meeting. If indications •
; are faithful the "solid six" have gone to
I pieces and the city can depend upon a j
fair rate for both public and private use. j
i Whether the Earl or tfle Upton ordinance \
will pass is doubtful. If the six stand ■
• t'.rm for the low rates they can pass them ;
! and the lobby will be regaled with the pc- j
; culiar exhibition of the men who voted to j
j rob the citizens last year fixin- a lower >
! rate than that favored by the five men
, who have been loy-l to their trusts
throughout.
There are those, however, who would
not be surprised to see U»e six spring a
totally new ordinance to-morrow night.
Such "things have hannencHi before.
Independents Meet To-Night.
OAKLAND, March s.— There -will be a j
meeting of the Independents at Gibbs'
store, North Oakland, to-morrow night.
Hon. John L. Davie. R. M. Clement,
Colonel Thomas F. Garrity and others
will address the voters on that occasion.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS, j
THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE— C. D. H..
Los Angeles. Cal. If you have an ambi
tion to appear on the vaudeville stage j
file an application with the manager of I
the theater at which you would like to |
I appear.
HOMES FOR CHILDREN— A. S., City.
i A person who is unable to support a child
I by reason of misfortune and inability to
obtain employment should notify the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
I Ch'ldren and it will take steps to have
the child cared for.
PROPERTY AND POLlCY— Subscriber,
Sierra Valley, Cal. The question asked in
regard to property and Insurance is not
sufficiently clear to enable this depart
ment to ascertain what the writer wishes
to have answered. This department c;in
not guess the meaning of correspondents.
THE SHARKEY-JEFFRIES FIGHT—
A reader, Redding, Cal. The published
reports of the match between Sharkey
! and Jeffries in San Francisco May 6, 1898,
' fail to show that Sharkey was knocked
! down by what is known as "a square
blow." ~lf that had occurred it certainly
I would appear in the reports.
KANSAS CITY— T. J. L., City. There Is
a Kansas City in Kansas and one in Mis
souri. The reason why there is a general
i belief that there is but one city of that
; name Is explained in an answer to another
! correspondent published under the head
lof "As to Kansas City," February 8,
| 1899. in Answers to Correspondents in The
Call.
A LANDLORD'S RIGHT— E. S. G.,
City. The question as to a landlord's
: rights in the matter of a tenant holding
over for a short period beyond the time
for which rent was paid would depend
' on the contract or understanding between
! the tenant and the landlord, and without
a knowledge of the terms of the contract
a. definite answer cannot be given.
EVERETT AND BELL— E. M. L., City.
It was not W. M. Everett, but Edward
Everett of Massachusetts who was a can
j didate for Vice President in ISGO with
! John Bell of Tennessee, and It was not
M. W. Everett who was Secretary of
i State in the Cabinet of President Hayes;
but the Secretary of State who served
in the Haves Cabinet from 1877 to 1S&1 was
William Maxwell Evarts.
FOUNDATIONS.— A correspondent who
believes that the answer given recently
in this department in relation to founda
tions was not full enough writes: An
owner may excavate to any depth under
fourteen feet below the curb level and
shall notify the adjoining owner to sup
port his building during said excavation.
! On the other hand, if the owner desires
| to excavate below a depth of fourteen
feet he is compelled to support the house
adjoining, which is not down to a depth
of fourteen feet.
DYING INTESTATE— Subscribers, Car
ter, Cal. "If a woman dies, leaving no
will, no debts and a piece of property,
say 320 acres of land, can the three chil
dren, the only heirs, by any procesß of
deeding the property to one another avoid
the trouble and expense of probating the
estate in court, and could they give a
clear title to an intending purchaser?" Is
a question that is answered by stating
that it cannot be done. The estate must
go to probate In order that the heirs may
Becure their legal rights.
THE NEXT LEAP YEAR-Subscriber,
Canyon, El Dorado County, Cal. In order
to correct the slight variation of time,
which takes place every year since the
adoption of the present calendar, it was
ordered that to make the time as nearly
correct as possible every hundredth year,
except such as is dlvisable by four hun
dred, should not be a leap year. The year
1896 was a leap year, but as 1900 cannot be
divided by 400 there will not be twenty
nine days in the February of that year.
The next leap year will fall In the year
1904.
ELECTRIC RAILWAY-J. M. 8., City.
In the overhead circuit system of elec
tric railways one or two conducting wires
are carried along the road or by its side
or directly over the center of the track.
Each motor car takes its current from
the conductor by a flexible wire or other
connection attached to a little car or trol
ley that rolls along the conductor. In some
systems two parallel wires are carried
from tho dynamo station, and the trolley
by double lead 3 throws the car motor into
a bridge circuit from wire to wire. In
other cases but a single overhead con
ductor is provided ana the motor takes
current from it, and then through the
wheels, rails and perhaps WRter and gas
mains connected with the rails Is ground
ed. Then the current passing from wheel
to rail increases the tractive force of the
wheels, but if the rails are dirty the
grounding is imperfect and resistance is
set up.
CENTURY RACE
WON BY LAWSON
"Terrible Swede" Breaks
the Record.
RIDERS BUNCHED AT FINISH
TEN CONTESTANTSONLY INCHES
APART.
Fournier's "Infernal" Tandem Does
a Third of a Mile at a 1 :28 4-5
Clip — Exciting Events a*
San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March s.— John Lawson
of Chicago, known as the "Terrible
Swede," won the great long distance
race here this afternoon by a narrow
margin, and thousands of throats
cheered him and thousands of eyes saw
him to it. Not only did he win it. but
in so doing he established a new
world's record for 100 miles of 4 hours
34 minutes and 30 seconds, the best pre
vious mark being 4:40.
The cycle meet, which commenced
here s'esterday, was continued to -ri w
befo-" nn Immense audience, remind
ing one of the halcyon clays of cycling
in 1896-7, when the Garden City Club
had to enlarge its grandstands after
every meet to accommodate the in
creasing crowds. It augers well for
the season of 1899, and the club here
is quite pleased in consequence.
The principal event on to-day's pro
gramme was the 100-mile race between
all the long-distance cracks who have j
recently been competing in San Fran
csico. Added interest wa3 given the \
race because "Charley" Wells, the big
Bay City rider, started, and considering
that this was his first long distance
race he did phenomenally well. A spe- t
cial prize had been offered by the man- j
agement for the man leading the most i
number of laps, and Wells won it, head
ing the bunch eighty-seven times,
against Barnaby's seventy and Fred- |
cricks' forty-seven. Wells finished the j
race in sixth position. At one time, on j
the forty-fourth mile, it looked as if
he would gain a lap and thereby win, j
as no one could hope to regain it on j
him. An amateur sprint race was on, \
and as the men flew by the hundred- j
milers on the last lap, Wells, who was
leading the long distance men, tacked i
on behind the sprinters and by follow
ing them gained half a lap on his op
ponents. The sprint race ended then, !
however, and as he had no one to pace
him further the bunch soon caught up
again and he was back in his old posi- j
tion.
The starters in ... the big race were i
Nawn, Stevens, Goodman, Chapman, ;
Clem Turville, Charles Turville, Barna
by, Wells, John Lawson, Iver Lawson,
Pilkington, Fredericks, Ashinger, Aron- !
son and Julius, fifteen in all. They i
were sent away at 1:20 p. m. Ashinger
and Aronson dropped out at eleven
j miles on account of the killing pace,
I and Pilkington lost a lap on the nine
j teenth mile from the same cause. Clem
' Turville lost two laps on the thirty
fifth and then quit, and spent the re
mainder of the afternoon on the front
! seat of Fournler's "infernal machine.
Iver Lawson and Fredericks gave it up
j at sixty-five miles, and the remaining
ten finished the race.
The finish was wildly exciting, the
ten men all being bunched on the last
lap. Barnaby and Chapman were in
front and started the sprint. Barnaby
I rode wide to let his team mate, Chap
| man, through to win, but it also let
I Lawson through, and the sturdy Swede
beat out the Georgian by less than a
foot right at the tape. The order at the
finish was: Lawson, Chapman, Good-
I man, Stevens, Charles Turville, Wells,
j Julius, Barnaby, Nawn and Pilkington,
! and they all finished within inches of
I each other.
The following table shows the leaders
at the intermediate miles and the time
made:
Miles. LEADER. j Time.
10 j Clem Turville 22:25 j
15 I Nawn 36:30 j
20 Chapman 48:30 I
25 Clem Turville 1:01:30 j
30 Wells 1:14:15
35 Fredericks 1:27:3
49 Wells 1:41:00
45 Fredericks 1:55:00
CO Weils 2:07:00
55 Wells 2:22:30
60 Wells 2:37:00
65 Chapman 2:51:30
70 Charles Turville 3:05:00
75 Nawn  •••• 3:20:00
80 Chapman ' 3:33:30
85 Barnaby 8:«:00
50 Uarnaby } : ?«. : ™
95 Barnaby H?:5«
100 John Lawson 4:.{4:J0
John Lawson, the winner, rode third
ii the recent twenty-four-hour race in
San Francisco and tenth in the six-day.
He is looked upon as a coming man.
The Bay City Wheelmen's riders cap- |
tured both the short distance open j
events. W. G. Furman of that club
won the mile open professional in two j
straight heats from a field composed of
Weinig, Gibson, Cotter. Downing, Leon
art Eaton and Wyman, paced by Ald
ridge Downing was second and Leon
art third in both heats, and they hal
'it out with Furman each time. Furman
is in wonderful shape, as he must well
be to beat those men. He won the mile
open Saturday from a similarly fast
Ralph Robinson, a recent addition to
the Bay City Club, won the amateur
mile his closest competitors being M.
E Francis, George Doll and "Brother
in-law" Wastle. Robinson showed rare
speed and used good judgment, win
ning two straight heats. '
Henri Fournier and Clem Turville
put up an astounding ride on the "in
fernal" tandem. They covered a third
of a mile in 29 3-5 seconds, which is at
the rate of 1:28 4-5 for the mile. Four
nier's seat came loose and they did not :
atempt a mile, for, as the Frenchman j
expressed it, at the gait they were yo
ing he preferred his saddle more secure,
because Turville did not know how to
manage the motor, and if he (Henri)
fell off there was no telling what might
become of the outfit.
Fournier was offered and refused
$2000 In cash to-day for his "infernal"
tandem. He sets no price on it. He
sold his motor tricycle for $500 to Miller,
the six-day champion, and his motor
bicycle for $1000 to a San Francisco
millionaire, whose name he says he was
requested not to disclose for the pres
ent.
To add to the record breaking fea
tures of the splendid day's sport, Or
lando L. Stevens of lowa went a mila
paced by Fournier & Co. In 1:40 3-5,
which beats McFarland's California
record six seconds.
The San Francisco wheelmen all re
turned home on to-night's train, but
the Easterners will remain here for
several weeks to complete their training
for the: Eastern circuit, as the track
and climatic conditions suit them per
fectly. Another meet will be held here
next Sunday under the same conditions,
including a long distance event, prob
ably at 100 miles, and several short dis
tance races. Floyd McFarland, jvho
has been ill, will go into the competi
tion to show his San Jose friends -what
he can do, and some good sport Is
looked for.
MAY FIGHT AT BERGEN BEACH
Big Purse Offered for Fitzsimmons
and Jeffries.
CHICAGO, March s.— Fitzsimmons and
Jeffries may decide the championship at
Bergen Beach, near New York. Martin
Julian said to-day the owners of the re
eort had offered $4<\ooo for the fight, and it
would be given them unless something
better should turn up this week. Fitz
simmons and Julian arrived in Chicago
to-day and will remain for a week. Offr-rs
for the fight will not be received after
this week. The time really expires to
day, but has been extended for a few
days. The ■ rletors of Bergen Beach
are anxious to secure the contest and are
willing to give the gate receipts as a
purse In case the $40.n0u is not accepted.
Watsonville Beats Troop C.
SAUNAS, March .".—One of the most
interesting and exciting parties of base
ball ever witnessed In this city took
place to-day at Recreation Park between
the Watsonvllle team and Troop C nine
of Salinas. It was the third of a series
of three games between the two teams,
each having won one game. A large
number of spectators were present and
witnessed a ten-inning game. Watson
ville was victorious. McCarthy and Pe
ters constituted Watsonville's battery,
while Palmtag and C.reen occupied like
positions for the troopers. The score was
9 to S.
Gilt Edges Defeat Seattle.
SACRAMENTO, March s.— About 1200
people enjoyed a crand game of base
hall here to-day between the (Jilt Beiges
of this city and the Seattle champions.
It was a fast and snappy game from
start to finish, and was won by the Gilt
Edges by a score of 7 to 5. Doyle was
signed by Manager Kripp of the local
team to-day and will pitch the coming
season.
When the War in the South Ended.
During the Civil AVar the majority of
volunteers enlisted for "three years or
during the war." In the popular minds
that conflict ended at Appornattox. with
the surrender of General Lee. Of course
it did not end then, because General John
ston kept the field for pome days after
that event and General E. Klrby Smith
did not surrender the troops west oi the
Mississippi until still later. The Supreme
Court in one of its derisions where the
question arose decided that the Civil War
both began and ended, legally, on the
dates of certain proclamations by the
President. The legal beginning was held
to be April 19, 1861, as to South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi.
Louisiana and Texas, and as to Virginia
and North Carolina April 27, 1-1. April
•' IKC.6 President Johnson issued a procla
mation declaring the war at an end In
Virginia, North Carolina, South < arolina,
Georgia Florida. Mississippi. Tennessee.
Alabama. Louisiana and Arkansas and
August 30 of that year another proclaim
ing the war at an end In Texas. As Lee
Bun-endered April ?. 1865, the popu.ar .imp
for the end oi the Civil War.it will be
seen thai a year, less a week, elapsea
from that event and the first .of the Presi
dent's proclamations f°™al£ proclaim
ing the war at an end in Virginia and
certain other States and more than six
teen months till Texas was Proclaimed l to
be In a pacific frame of mind.— Chicago
Post. a t
A Bailroad's Bed Aflame.
A portion of the Buffalo. Rochester and
Pittsburg Railroad will have to be rebuilt
at Punxsutawney, Pa. When the work
was started last spring the contractors
mok a lot <>f cinders and cuke dust from
the Walston cokeyarda for the foundation
of a large tilling at the lower end of the
town Dirt was piled on top of this arid
the road apparently completed. Recently
clouds of smoke Issued from under the
ilirt pile, the filling began to Bag, and it
became apparent that the coke pile under
the dirt was on fire. Holes were dug in
the mound and thousands of gallons of
water poured \ n to quench the fire. It
had r.o effect, and now the whole dirt pile
will have to be removed or a new track
built.— Pittsrmrg (Pa.) Times.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL. ,
Mrs ■Whlpple, Detroit Mrs Smith, Minn
F II Whlpple, Detroit J F Kerr. Seattle
W Parkin, Stanford M R Powers, Chicago
W H Jones, NY H Ottenberg, N T
W Parker, Han ford E li Ward, N J
It S Smith, N V Mrs ward. N J
W T Bell, Stanford Master Ward & w, >. J
H Anderson, H Lomond J E Keefe. Chicago
E ii Hull. Stanford Mrs Keefe, Chicago
H Schubart & w. Stfd J C Freeman, Chicago
R Fltzgibbons. Toronto |R L Crawford, N V
F T Butler Toronto Mrs Crawford. N V
J S Jenson, NY EL Crawford, X V
L McKeown, Plttsnurg R L Crawford. N V
W it Carlisle. N V H L Crawford. N V
Miss Kemllng, Stocktn Rev F Talcott, N V
!•: B Fanning, Del Paso Mrs Talcott. 2 c & m,
J McDonald, Butte '■. N V
Mrs McDonald. Butte 'J R Goodale. N V
X ArboTne Victoria A W Bradbury. L An*
W Stanway, Victoria II M Knowles. Boston
A W Jones, Victoria Mrs Knowles. Boston
F Johnson, Victoria E F Yahr. Mlllwaukee
<; L Ca\den, N V Mrs Melltne. NY
B Warkenlln. Kansas O If V LaFarge, N 1
Mrs Warkenlln. Kan T Kelly, N l
\v Howard, Pa J Markel. Omaha
Mrs Howard. Pa Mrs Marke . Omaha
J H Hunt, Pa Mrs Wadlelgh. Boston
Mrs Hunt Pa W Buckmeister, Bostn
T kauffmann. Pa J Hilliard, Boston
Mrs Kauffmann. Pa G C Chase. >■ *
V B Smith. Minn II Epplnjter Jr. Cal
Mrs Fitzgerald. Ireland S N Rucker, S Jose
GRAND HOTEL.
j S Massey, Denver T Reavis, Akron, O
E D Lehe, Stockton J Banne, I* *
B Ross, Stockton Anna Farham, G Rpds
n II Doyle, N V Janet Waldorf. NY
I H Randal . San Jose N McGregor, N x
T Runvon. Belvedere i B .1 Dubols, Paris
H W Butler, S Antnio F Cottle * W. lowa
C Hayward, -\VoodsideiG Phillips. SactO
C Daly, Woodslde iDr Jackman W atsnvle
F H Green. S Rafael J G Smith, Harrison
F W Watson. Stan frd O P Rarpel, Corn
A Joseph! Stanford W Hoffman &w.SCru»
H C Smith Stanford D Jones, Santa Cruz
C A Curt\s S Rafael A Cohen, Sta Cruz
j Thurlow. Sacto G Steffler Jr. S Cms
C Misty Sacto F Wllkens, Colusa
H Snauldlng Nevada I A M Peal. Los Ang
C Johnson I V; S Jose C W Clark. Redland*
H CasVie & w, Boston jG Crane ft w. Stocktn
C HebHard. Cal Mrs Cummlngs &d.
T«; Mill's Stockton Crz ! c Fresno Oakland
rVi'l.lron & w. S CrzC H Abbott. Oakland
L Haseman, Montagal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i H McNeil Bsnlcla J J Quinn. Illinois
Us™.." 1 " 5 s yssssfes
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:50 o'clock.
Sl.', Larkln street; open until !>:3O o'clock.
1341 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. .
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
2C26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 18, j*^
X T Golden Gate building. 635 Sutter *afflj"
Stated assembly THIS EVENING, Fj
at S o'clock. All {raters are cour- y£
tCOUSIy CHARLES L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. '
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\EN-^%
ING. Business and M. E. M. degree. J^JS.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
Stated meetins THIS EVENING. _fl\_
By order of the Master. /±J\
\V A LTKR G. ANDERSON. Sec r *r y
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (Mon- _£%_
day), March 6, IS: ; 9. at 7:30 p. m. By Tt3f
order of the W. M. '*'
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. <^PCg>
O. F. — Initiation MONDAY. SS2?*»! rr ye
March 6; visitors cordially In-
vited. JAS. LAWRENCE, N. G. -^//,l\\
N. PETERSON, Recording Secretary.
A. O. H. Division No. 2— The regular fe^v?>
monthly meeting of this division will \" % X\jj '
. be held at Hibernla Hall, 120 Ninth « /'
St., on TUESDAY, March 7. 1899, att^Y^i
7:30 p. m. Members are earnestly »aEj>
requested to attend, as business of import-
ance will be transacted.
" BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary
MEETX> KOTICTBS-Contlii^ee^
R^SE^S^a^it^edo^U^
The regular meeting of th^as^MM March
be held THIb < MU _i*:v r i' rtant business will
«. at 7:30 o'clock :.wr>«npori »nt ™ dance
l C s° « e au b e s f ted c THOMAS "beNSON. Pres.
1 V q E : 3__J_________
third Mondays in month. .
THE California"!^!* Commission having re-
ceived applications to min£ by the tn £ Santa
process from D. M. But tern '°- Plumas
Cruz placer mine, t .r,f_g g mr n a worked-out
County. to deposit talMng s Company. In the
pit; from the Hong Fat Co ~P?£- sierra
Dohexty mine, a t H °_y a , n 1 a tn( f east branch
County, to deposit tai " n KS in tne ea
'to h «« - a »^ Mrd^n
20, 1899, at 1:30 p. m. ;
tlon. since February 11. I- 1 - _^_— _
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenaats ejected for *♦• mfg^j
city or country. PACIFIC «)LLLC TION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10. tel.J^.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $I.up:1 .up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 1 (30 nts
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market street, on and after
March 10, 1599. _ . -,„
Transfer books will close on Saturday.
March 4. 1599. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED FEMALE.
TWO neat Swedish girl? situations as
cook and general housework; best of refer-
ences. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
* and houseworker, $12 to $15; city or country,
beat references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
NEAT colored girl, with best of city references;
first-class cook and laundress. MRS. 1W«-
TON. 313 Sutter st. , ,
NUMBER Of Swedish and German housegirls
N Jrish .VtuVtlo-s! MRS. NC« TON 11-BSJl l - B SJ* t 2 l
and German Employment Bureau, 313 Butter.
A COMPETENT middle-aged American woman
desires situation in widower's family with
small children: city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Butter ."=t.
A REFINED young woman desires situation
as companion to invalid lady: willing to
travel; best reference: city or country. flUb_
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl with 2 years' references wants a
place at second work; assist with children.
Call MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter_st.
RESPECTABLE woman with a child 4 years
old, wishes cooking, housework; no objection
■mall wash; boarding house or private fam-
ily: wages $7. Address box 333. Call office.
SITUATION In a private family as first-class
cook and laundry work; has the best of ref-
erences from Philadelphia and this city. Call
270 Jessie st., near Fourth.
■ FIRST-CLASS German cook, French, German
and Hungarian: all first-class; pastry; flrst-
I class hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
' SWEDISH first-class cook wants situation in
arst-class family: wages $30; city references. ,
r,13 McAllister St.. near Van Ness aye.
YOUNG girl would like a situation to do house-
. work and plain cooking. Call 161 Tehama St.,
, off Third. .
' YOUNG girl wishes place to assist in light
housework; willing and obliging. Address
1061 Howard st. .
WANTED— a competent woman, a position
as cook and laundress in private family. 324
Minna st.
WOMAN to work by the day; house or office
1 cleaning. 1236 Mission st., bet. Sth and 9th.
COMPETENT cook desires a situation; best of
■ reference. 316 Butter st.
GERMAN governess wishes position; refined
youns lady; German, music and En_Hsh
' branches; experienced teacher; country; refer-
ences. Box 353, Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent working house-
' keeper wishes situation; best of references.
Call at 2136 Howard st. No postals.
1 WOMAN wants general housework or cooking.
; 717^ Bush St.
STYLISH young dressmaker, perfect fitter,
would like a few engagements by the cay;
$1 and car fare. Address box ISO 4, Call office.
NEAT, respectable girl. IS. as second girl or
companion to lady. Box 1781. Call office.
YOUNG lady would like private customers for
halrdresslng and manicuring. Address box
366, Call office. '■_
r AN experienced nurse would like position to
' care for invalid. Apply 929 Pine, or box ISOB.
Call office. _____
* YOUNG girl, Scandinavian, wishes general
housework: city or Oakland: wages $15. Call
or address 314 Preclta aye., near Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; $1 60; cuts by
tailor system: dresses made over; suits made
In 2 days. M., 2526 Mission st.
REFINED widow wishes working housekeep-
er's position; city or country. Box 446. Call.
l WORK wanted by lady who understands real
estate and insurance business; also bookkeep-
• ing for both. Call at 209 Eleventh st.
■ COMPETENT housekeeper desires situation;
country preferred; please state wages. Ad-
dress MR. H.. 2526 Mission st.
AN intelligent, trustworthy Protestant old lady
wishes light work in a small, nice family.
1 Apply 2007 Leaven worth st., near Union.
GERMAN woman wishes a place to do cooking
and housework. Address box 1776. Call office.
SITUATION wanted to sew In families by
young lady; first-class work guaranteed. 538
Ellis Et. ■ '
WANTED— Position by young lady as book-
keeper or copyist. Address 122 S. Commerce
St.. Stockton.
SITUATIOAS WASTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 436.
OYSTER man wishes position In oyster house
or grotto; can open and cook oysters: wait
at table If required. Address H. F., • 514
Central aye.. near Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted by experienced hotel
man; German: speaks English and French;
first-class cook; can take charge of a small
hotel, boarding house or camp. Box 334. Call.
WANTED— Situation as upholsterer and gen-
. eral iepairer in hotel or block; also have some
experiences with electricity; good references.
Box 304, Call office.
YOUNG man (English) desires work; sober
and honest; can furnish highest references;
private or commercial position. Box 1806, Call.
SWEDISH boy wishes work private family, ho-
tel or laundry. MRS. NORTON, Swedish and
German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
GARDENER, practical, Scotch, wants' charge
of private estate: understands all branches of
greenhouse and outdoor work; no horses or
cows wanted; best of recommendation; 6 years
In last situation; married. Call or address Y.
M. C. A.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; un-
derstands English, French. Italian and Ger-
■ man co"oking; strictly honest and reliable.
Address C. A. ROSEN, 10H Eighth ft.
WANTED— Position In office by young mar-
ried man ; university student. Address C.
P. U., 948 Harrison st.
YOUNG man, 23, would like work In wholesale
house; has experience in grocery and plumb-
ers' supplies; small salary expected to start;
; references. Address box 302, Call.
WANTED, by young man. position as waiter or
head waiter; 5 years" experience: 2 years last
place. Address box 301. Call office.
GARDENER, German, honest, sober and indus-
trious, good ref. ; careful driver: milk and
work around private family: very handy; city
or Oakland. Address box 344. Call.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; city, country; good references.
, Call W. S. K. COOK & Co.. 615% Dupont. j
i FRENCH boy of 16 years would like any kind
of work; speaks French and German; small
wages. Address or call at 10 Hanover place,
off Sacramento st., near Mason.
, POSITION wanted by experienced man as
nurse or invalid's attendant: small wages; ex-
cellent recommendations. Address box 1757.
Call office.
, YOUNG man (German) desires position as
night watchman or fireman; is handy with all
kinds of tools; anything permanent. Address
box 1777. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind In the
morning for 2 or 3 hours per day In city.
Apply to DR. CHAS. FONG. 813% Sacra-
mento st.
'J YOUNG man desires a situation: 5 years' expe-
rience hs stenographer, typewriter, clerk and
accountant: best references. Address J. J.
1 O'L.. box 363. Call office.
■ WINCHESTER 21. use. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $*
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
and bazrase to and from ferry. ,
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. -
T^HRE^^ec^nT^lris7^iTnurse7"chlldrrn. $20:
waitress and parlor maid, $25; laundress and
Miambermaid $25; 4 cooks, $25 and $30. and a
rr^t many girls for cooking and housework.
flTin™ $25. J? V. CROSETT & CO.. 31«
Sutter st. .
COOK small hotel, $25, see party here at 11:30
??-day; assistant cook. $20; 5 restaurant
waitresses $5 and $•> 50 week and others,
J. fT CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25, Marin County; Sonoma
County $20- S waitresses, city and country.
§»_& $25-6 1( f' rls i r hOU MIIs r CULL_V (l
$25; 8 girls, assist. $10 to $la. MISb CLLLEN.
325 Butter ._
NEAT second girl. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
REFINED woman as cook small country hotel.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AY elderly lady as working housekeeper. $10
A per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Suiter St.
SECOND girl country. $15 per month: see lady
here MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Vallejo. $20 ; Alameda $25;
second girl and seamstress. $2^. MISS CUL-
LEN 325 Sutter st.
Y S^.V- n d^ at M^^^B^ ; « gggff
RvnifAM cook $30: a cook and second girl,
s%?£__?fft_rBa__rti
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID $15: laundress. $M^ French
laundry; nurse. $20, city. M.SS CbLL._IM. sza
Sutter st.
NURSE, Sleep home, $15. MISS CULLEN, 123
Sutter st. . ,
CHAMBERMAID. $25, country, private family.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook. $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HAKSEN g^illif*ffipKLS
first-class country hotel. $20;
waitress F flfst-olass resort hotel. $20. fare one
way P chambermaid to wait. $20; chamber-
maid, $15. . . . —_£•_£ orders" •;:. . ::::::::::
TVwish'Vamily cook, $30; Scandinavian cook.
jew isn Tamil J»i to . $30; German cook. 2 in
r a milv sin PafaVl $2f : houseclrl. Modesto
$15 30 ico* «:!
housecirls city and country. $1d to $25; Ger-
man I r for housework and assist children.
C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
ATOXJNG woman of some experience as cash-
ier and assistant bookkeeper to short dis-
tance in the country; $15 and found to begin;
no office fee. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO..
. 104 Geary St.
SECOND girl, $20; nursegirl, $20; second girl,
$15; nursegiri. $10 to $12: young girl to asslPt.
Sl5 : cook $25; cook, email country hotel. $■>■);
housegUl. $25! MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
COOK plain country hotel. $25; 5 waitresses,
different country hotel* $20; German cham-
bermaid, $20; ranch cooks; «»~>_?™L k _f lrl _
governess for the country- MURRAY _■
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED-Glrls of all nationalities to fill
various situations; best wages. MRS. HIRK.
631 Larkln st.
SEAMSTRESS and chambermaid. $30; parlor
maid and waitress, $25: 20 housework girls,
$25 and $20. MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter.
TWO waitresses, same country hotel, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman light housekeeping;
wages $10 to $12; references. 708 Laurel aye..
oft Buchanan st.
YOUNG girl for cooking only; wages $25. Cail
between 10 and 3 at 1601 Scott st.
FINISHER on custom pants. 622 Clay st.,
room ISA.
GERMAN girl for cooking and housework. 1011
Buchanan st. ; call after 8:30.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats and but-
tonholes. 123 Rus3 st.
GIRL to assist in housework; plain washing;
wages $10. 1512 Bush st. ■>
WANTED— A girl to wait at table; good place
and sure pay. 604 Seventh st.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; system
given. Mme. Goldstein. 3 Eddy; call after 10.
WANTED— Active young woman to assist in
general housework at 119 A Sixth St.
GIRL to wait at table. 656 Geary st. ; short
hours: apply between 7 and 8.
WANTED— Apprentice girls to learn coat
making. Apply 916 Market St.. room 82.
GIRL to do light housework. Call after 8
a. m. at 927 Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom coats and apprentice boy. 628 Howard.
WANTED— waitress. 26 and 28
Fourth st.
WOMAN to do light housework. 327 A Clem-
entina st.
WANTED— feller hand on custom coats. 668
Minna st^ •»
GIRL for housework. 2 In tamily. no washing,
plain cook, wages $20. 631 Larkin st.
RELIABLE canvasser for advertisements
wanted on commission; lady or gentleman;
experience and references necessary. S. A.,
box 1756. Call.
EXPERIENCED proofreader; must set, make
up, etc. 543 Clay st.
ELDERLY lady to take care of small child;
good home. 1229 Folsom st.
GIRL; general housework; small family; no
washing; wages $15. 1668 Fell St.
GOOD finisher wanted on coats. Apply at 186
Shipley st.
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom pants.
641 Market st.
WANTED for cooking and general house-
work in country. Call at 1409 Webster st.
Monday.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers,
waists, underskirts, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER,
338 Fell Bt.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators: best
prices; steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO., 535 Market st.
WANTED— Woman or girl to take care of one
child: small wages; good home. 8358 Howard.
EXPERIENCED ODeyators on custom shirts:
steady employment. ROGERSON'S. 535 Va-
lencia st.
WANTED — good girl for general housework.-
plain cook: wages $15. Apply 1418 Geary st.;
no washing. ;.".:• '.I- ■:-+:■*-;■«;
RESPECTABLE girl for housekeeping; family
of 2; $6 00. Call at 368 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coat.. Ml
Market st. ' :'•_■.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress. on pants. 736 Minna
street.
YOUNG lady. not over 20, to sell cosmetics in
the country; good salary. Apply between
V* and 12 w. m 40 0.-:irv «t.
~ HELP WASTED B— — — B.
WANTED — single hand quartz miners, $2 50
day; 3 miners, $40 and board: cook and wife,
country hotel. $65; cook, country hotel, $40;
restaurant steward. $12 week; waiter for
camp, $20, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Cook, country hotel. $55; cook, $12. a week;
cook, $10 a week; French dishwasher, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
VIOLIN player, country, $30 and found. C. R»
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHIP — Laborers, mountain railroad,
two-thirds fare free: German vegetable gar-
dener, $25; milker, $20; stableman, $25; shoe-
maker, country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
8 MIXERS, $2 50 a day; hard and soft ground;
steady. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAFFLEMAN for country hotel. $35 and free-
fare. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAFFLE cook, large country hotel. $35 and
found and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
HARRY WALTERS, the bellboy— Pleaee call.
Elevator boy. country hotel, $15. C. K. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Main 5848, Phone
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
$9 woodchoppers. different Jobs. $1 25 and $1
cord; 95 tiemakers, different Jobs, Sc, 9c and
12c each: 12 farm, orchard and vineyard
hands. $25, $20 and $15 and found ,
Stableman, city, $25 and found; 3 choremen.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— NIGHT cook, $35 and found; baker, shop.
$40- 4 cooks, 3 waiters. 3 dishwashers. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— MACHINE blacksmith Painter
and kalsominer. institution. MURRAY St
READY. 634-636 Clay St. .-'v- ■,-
CARPENTER for a ranch. $2 a day and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TWO first-class butlers, $40 and $45. MISS
PLUNKETT, 124 Sutter st.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $150; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
BARBER: must be good shaver; young man
preferred. 779 Market st.
WANTED— Man to take orders for printing at
420 Montgomery St., room 33.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Good pressman on custom pants.
I 411_ Kearny st.HELP W.vXTEi)-Con tinned.
V DIPHWAPHER; experienced~on~lunch~ coun-
: ■ ttT, &. L. corner ot Greenwich and Lyon sts.
' MAX or boy to do cleaning 3 hours a day in
■ * _ - { '? c '" a " ge for rc o"* rent. 810 Mission st.
; ITALIAN" cook for oyster and chop house, $12
. • j\ week. M Turk st.
BOY to work for a tailor; mustThave good~es>
I _j6^lontgomery st.. room 2.
IrRJGHT young man to learn the liquor busi-
;. ■• nt!ii; - i-rownstone Wine Co.. 331 Ellis st.
: ' ' M ?n >i^ Ur^ half-soled while waiting, 35c
. to Eta. 5C2 Mission st.. bet, Ist and 2d sts.
.- . RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
■ : - ,n?,^ ! rr i' ml t ed Statea navy; able-bodied.
• - ■ unmarried nun between the ages of 21 and 30
"•; years, who are citizens of the United States.
.:•., or those who have legally declared their ln-
, tentlon to become such: must be or good char-
• actc-r and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
. nnd 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Ota .-, 40 Eilis st ,
E'an Francisco. Cal.
.-WANTED— First-class enrriage painter: must
• be a good striper; steady Joh. Apply Bay
lew; Carriage Factory. San Rafael.
■BOY with some 'experience to distribute tyi>e.
; Commercial Pub. Co., 34 California, top floor!
WANTED— A yonng man to assist In restauTl
» ant.^ Apply at "The Louvre," San Rafael.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Firth st.: $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarnfd.
C V,?;'^ V. cozy, comfortable and convenient. The
Philadelphia. 421 Bush Bt.. opp. California
c Theater; ', always open; transients; nu'f sed.
A DYE tSING man for good publication: i;t,"
•: pral commission. Address box 1785, Call.
M^ NT £T^, I ' abnrers a " d mechanics to know
t!i;u k<i ijoikin, Hpho Housp proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st:; lf.o "largo
- rooms ' 250-peT. night; $1 to $3 per week.
.-BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
■ -m't. H. Be 2TL a 2l'^_^££:' 104 7th: tel - Jewte 1164.
-irOBSON House. 417 K>arny— Rooms from 25c
r ...;.t0 dc; $1 to $3 por week.
'"•' MEX to go on whaling r.iis'--: no experi-
• . enre required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart- Ft.
■WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way 'and Devlsadero st,
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 ' i Mission
st.. men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c per
60c. 90c. and $1 per week.
BARBERS' A?sooiat7on~Frep Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHN'KIDER. Act, gee, -325 Grant ay.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
?3 at 1542 Market Et.
M.CX and women to learn barber trade at S F.
l\irber College. 13SU Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
-.LindeH House. Sixth and Howard Bts.
SEATTLE House, 106& Third — Furnished
rooms. 2".c to 50c day; SI 25 to S3 week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to ord»r, $2 50: men's
soipinu, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
PIXOLn rooms. Ire, 20c, 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Hlcho House, 8834 Market st.
. SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, f>"4 Davig st., near Jaofcson.
WANTED— To cnMrct wares due laborers and
rlerks. Knox. Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
PIN'GLE. furnished, fine, la- sunny and airy
room, 23c nlsrht. Rosedale House. 321 EIUs st.
TRT Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2. )C a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et., nea>- Mar-
ket: "•'«) rooms, 25c nlpht: reading room: free
'bus and bacsace to and from th' ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
CITY and country, to s"ll Leather Lustre; best
loc article on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
FE wise ar.d get in while the proposition ,1s
r.pw and make good money. 1?3 Seventh st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
s:-"O— PARTNER -wanted In a patent. J. C.
V.ATERSTUEET, 1037 Post St.
FA INTER with some cash: 3 months' orders
on hand. Call at 2137 Dwight way, Berkeley;
tPlpphon? Red 1112. ■ .
ROOMS WANTED.
V' - r :NG man warts furnished room; private
family: rent reasonable. Box 305, Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
iF-ROOM HOUSE
$250 CASH; BAL. $10 PER MONTH.
room flat; down town $300
-ROOM USE; NEW FURNITURE.
50-room corner house: clpar3 $350 $2,000
2>-room house; clears $150 ESQ
** rooms; corner; clears $250 1,500
16 rooms; near City Hall; very g00d.... 450
15 rooms; fin? suniiy corner; clears $100.. 600
32 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house. COO
2< rooms; best cor. in city; owner sick.. 2,200
IS i-oorp.s; rent J5O (transient): half cash.. 1,050
. FOR A HOUSE ANY . SIZE OR PRICE
.-££a!l m H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St..
lE- ROOM house; clears $100 per month: owner
sick: rrlro $350. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
EO-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
A!ame<la property. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO.- 22^ Geary
Money advanced on all houses.
45 rooms; Market St.; clears $150 $1500
.. 35 rooms; south of Market; transient.... 1100
IS rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800
24 rooms; Geary, near Plaza 800
■*. 22 rooms; Market: always full 12"0
■ IS rooms; Third St.; clears $75 550
•17 rooms; Stockton: new and good 1150
•11 rooms; nicely furnished; clears $30.... 200
' 9 rooms; elegant home; all new 600
S rooms; flat; cheap rent "500
Call and get list KREDO.
8 ROOMS and bath: newly furnished: very de-
f-irable location: selling very cheap on account
of sickness. Apply LESS. 765 Market st.
OVER 40 houses, north and south of Market
St.. from $275 to $400; you have your choice;
call and get a list: they are O. K. THE
GERMAN-AMERICAN. 112 Kearny Bt.
85 ROOMS; near Olympic Club: clears $175;
25 rooms: hear Tivoll: new oak furniture.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
$3""— LODGING house: 17 rooms: Bold at sac-
Tifice. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
■TWO lodging houses on Market st. : $225 and
$1000. PACIFIC EXCHANGE, 1055 Market st.
$350— .-NAP; 33-room house; central'; all rented;
rent $50 month. BASILE, 873H Market st.
m SPLENDID bargain; 9 furnished rooms, all
..led; must sell; going East. 259 Steven-
son st.
FOR SALE— Lodging house In Stockton: 30
rooms; a bargain. Address S. J. KINNEY,
(28 Main Ft.. Stockton, Cal.
RESTAURANT and lodging-house for sale In
country. Apply at Call office.
CORNER; very good location: with 30 rooms; 1
1 floor well furnished. Box 399, Call office.
SIXTH, 410— -paying lodging house; 28
rooms. Apply after 6 p. m.
FOR sale on account of sickness— Furnished
house: 17 rooms; full. CS9 and 691 Geary st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4R 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FOR SAKE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
•IXTGhSH & I. I'M AN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A 14-KARAT gold stem-winding Howard for
"' ..$5O. cost $100. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASH M A & BURKE. 139 Beale. St.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
.portable forge. Call at once 648 Mission st.
■FINE canary birds, males and females, cheap,
at 31*8 Sixteenth st., bet. Valencia and Guer-
rero.
'' OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
' galoon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
• Ft'Ll/ bred St. Bernard dog for sale; 2 years
eld: good watch dog and gentle. Call 2251
' Mission st.
■ GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
orices; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 Cal. St.
• ' for Sale— National cash register, nickel-
.•; • plated. 71S Turk Ft - L___
"BARS bnck bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
- : • linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
"="'■ nitnrp and fixtures; new and second hand.
, ' .7. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission, St..
;■' above Sixth. _____ ;_
; MALL "engine and dynamo, lighting purposes;
• 4n-iight capacity. White. 514-516-518 Mission.
•"GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
■ :■■ 3, $150; 4 smith CO.. Minion Bt. _
• LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission 6t.; tel. 8r.381.
• I'HONK $85; attachment (only). $15; will
| fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
' SAFEP-;The Hermann 6afe Co. moved to 417-
-• 42.3 Sacramento ßt. . ■
SAFES-Bargains In new. and second-hand; all
.' sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
= . SEWING maciii.es.
m Mrnvm V rented; repaired, bought, sold;
• JuppHes 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchange^ rented; re-
pairing at lowcßt rates. 20a Fourth st.
STOKAOE.
riKI'.«F T:n,oi.l'li Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell ; tel. Main j713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company : pack-
- tag. advances, etc 735 Market; tel., Black 111.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2«)o-BAKERYi~WesTe7n^aaWonT^pMby
owner for 15 years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; owner compelled by
sickness to retire. Particulars WILKE 4
UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— JI7EO— SALOON on Stockton and Market Bts. ;
established many years and first-class; pay-
ing; 3 years' lease; an excellent opening;
sickness cause of sale. WILKE ft UNFUG,
_ 606 Market st.
A— sl2oo; ATTENTION, doctors! A private dis-
pensary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established many years; the
best paying in California; diseases of men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898. $41J1; proprietor to
rethe to private life. Particuli^ra WILKE &
UNFUG, 9ufa Market st.
A— sl6oo; OLD established 'corner grocery and
bar; 4 doors off Powell St.; clearing $150 per
month; rent $60: return rent $58; a splendid
offer; owner to take charge of his ranch.
WILKE & UNF-UG, 906 Market st.
A— s-SSO— CORNER grocery and bar on Market
St.; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying: all cash custom; a splendid
bargain. Particulars. WILKE & UNFUG. 506
Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest Investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage In commission busl-
neaa. Call on WILKi: & TJNFUG. 90S Market.
A— s4oo; SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business; best loca-
tion; close to Montgomery and California its. ;
owner eick; must- sacrifice. WILKE & UN-
FUG. 906 Market St.
A— s7s: OYSTER stand; $10 a week clear. W,est-
ern Investment Go., S Geary st.
PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
experience required; trial given; see It. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$400— PARTNER, manufacturing business; $25
a week. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary at.
$SSO— PARTNER; great investment; $30 day
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$1700— partner, livery business; office work:
$300 a month clear: value In stock. Western
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$300— SMALL business for lady; good living.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$400— SALOON; $8 clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary Bt.
$550— GROCERY and bar; a snap; sickness.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$350— RESTAURANT; high class trade; good lo-
cation; sell on account of death. Western In-
• vrstment Co., 9 Geary st.
#1000— PARTNER wanted In jobbing and retail
liquor business connected with compound and
manufacturing; good business; well estab-
lished. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market st.
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Market.
$8200— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; curd, billiard rooms; basement; safe
Investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
A— $1600; GROCERY and bar;. also Vi Interest In
grocery and bar for $500: also $200 grocery and
bar. KREDO _ CO.. 22 ; 2 Geary st.
A— sl7so: SALOON, Market-st. corner; also 14
Interest In saioon and family liquor store,
$750; also $500, $225 and $200 saloons; look at
these. KREDO & CO., 12V, Geary st.
WE buy. sell, exchange any business for cash;
rare chances: investigate. 41 Third st., r. 6.
$300— RESTAURANT; established several years;
worth double; a bargain. 41 Third St.. room 5.
PARTNER wanted; office business; smalt capi-
tal required; investigate. Reliable Exchange,
41 Third St., room 5. .
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale Is made.
We have several good buyers.
W anted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted— Boarding stable.
Wanted — A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
FOR groceries, with or without bars, call on
us; we have them from $400 up to $4000; liquor
houses and saloons; some great bargains from
$175 to $7500; also bakeries and branch baker-
ies, candy stands, cigar stands; in fact any-
thing you want to buy. The German-Ameri-
can, 112 Kearny st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind pee JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market St., for square dealing.
SALOONS, $150 up: cigar stores, $175 up; gro-
ceries, $350 up; delicatessens, $150 up; lodging
houses, all sizes, all prices: ranches.- etc, for
exchange. JONES & LAWN. 719 Market st.
$2000— MARKET St. saloon; vicinity Phelan
building; old established and popular resort;
A! place; look into it. M. LESS. 765 Market.
GOOD saloon; well located: $650. 1055 Mar-
. ket St., Pacific Business Exchange.
j RESTAURANT; fine business $500
Restaurant; rent boarded out 123
Pacific Business Exchange, 1055 Market st.
VARIETY, gent's furnishings and dry goods
store on line of S. P. R. R. and electric
.ears at town adjacent to San . Francisco.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city ■
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loam,
etc.. call on CLARK & CO., room 509. Ex-
arolner building.
$4000— FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
business; thriving town; owner other busi-
ness: must Bell. JONES & CO.. 865 Market.
PAYING barber shop; country: rent paid for
•whole year; Investigate. STOLTZ. 630 Market.
— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
. apply to MOON .& CO.. 1008% Market st.
BEER saloon; your own price; giving up busi-
. ness. 650 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap; fine fix-
tures; value in sight. Apply Call office.
$40— BARGAIN; 2-chalr barber shop; doing
good business. 621 Sacramento st.
MILK ranch and business for Bale; Includes 1
acre of land, 2 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 85
milk customers; nets $90 month; situated in
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and In-
surance" agent, 2121 Stanford place. Berkeley.
I\V! ■ IS and speculators can be materially
'ass*!.-. oy paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office. 45 Sutter et.. opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
GOLD in California: every person having $10
cash and can pay $10 month for four months
can secure income of $S0 monthly; $960 per
year. Address box 367. Call office.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Halght St.; no agents.
SALOON, well located, with stock and good
fixtures, for sale cheap on account of illness
of owner. Apply to CONRAD ALLEN, Red-
wood City.
ON account of leaving for Europe, will sell
tailoring business; 650 yards of cloth and
trimmings. JOHN REDLEY. 340 Third st.
RARE chance to get a good butcher business
near city: well established; no opposition.
Inquire at 1128 Vailejo st., San Francisco.
$125 — DRESSMAKING. cigars, stationery,
laundry office; suitable for branch bakery.
Box 1775. Call office. • '
WELL-ESTABLISHED carriage, wagon wood-
working business; fine shop. 332 Thirteenth.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 865 Mission st., nr. 6th.
HAY grain and coal business; on account of
sickness; all for $275. 215 Bay st.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush Bt.
$150— HALF Interest in good-paying' business;
easy work. 1055 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, notions,. cigars and tobacco.
1209 Dtvisadero st.
FOR Sale— Cigar store, with factory. 132 Ninth
street. j : ■• ■
RELIABLE, profitable business for small capi-
tal. Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell st.
STORE and lease; ground rent $5 mo.; near
BUgar refinery at Crockett, Contra Costa Co.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open day and
night. Liquor Store, 795 Mission St.
WANTED— store: must be cheap; cash.
Box 359, Call office. ■
COFFEE nnd tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
J6OO— RESTAURANT for «ale on account of
leaving city; a snap. 313 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES.
MAMMOTH auction' sale of 100 head of broken
and unbroken horses, Monday, March 6, at
11 o'clock, at Emporium Salesyards, 220 Va-
lencia st. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cartu, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction. sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— A very desirable home, on main
thoroughfare, close to East Berkeley station;
ensy payments. Address box 70, Berkeley.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. •
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses.. 1140 Folsom »t.
T V WRITERS. ~]
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send ' for sample? and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph. $15;" Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia. the best hair tonic, Is
■without a rival; costs but little; only 3ic bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
I DO the most fashionable halrdressing- in town
for 35e only; hair rolls. 35c: good switches, {1;
fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo, 5c
rkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RUPTURE, stricture, cured. No. knife. No in-
jection. Gurntd!Dr.Gordin. sl4 Pine.ab.Kearny.
DR. F. YON RUE LOW has removed from 822.
Valencia to 1206 Market St.. rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed at Harmonic
Life Institute, 236 Powell St.; test free.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attoraey-at-Law and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty, i
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circulate Patents Solicited. _
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; £00 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 112S Butter st. MRS. CLAYTON. _
BATHS. 'I2Hc; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm eets $S; bed loung-
es $4 50; open L. J. NEUMANN. U'l fith.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS fure and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
~~ DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $." up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN^
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milli-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch., 103 Post.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS J .T WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Hon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, EOc; gents. $1: sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
NINTH, 77— Your .future told by cards; ladies,
10c; gentlemen, 25c; satisfaction guaranteed.
MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist : truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153U sth, r. 21.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh. ■:
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth»st-
MME BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
• Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
IT n lt«vl Ptat«"=. postpaid, for <1 Per year.
I'KEHICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events, Me: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine 3358 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mail. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR-
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience: references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st. .
Painless extraction a •■ specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the Electro Dental Clinic. 908 Market St.,
room 7. Flood building, you can have your
extractions done nainlessly; teeth without
plates our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up,
tlates. extraction free, $4 50 up; office hours,
9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2 p. m. G.
W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie. 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or nils teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns. $3: fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices: ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLtJM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; .as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue tree.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping;, rapidity at figures by noted expert
• Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $.V); low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; Funny rooms: low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day * ere.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Mips M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays .carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works., 353-357- Tehama st. ; tel, S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; private; estates. J.
E. EVANS. 14 McAllister, nr Hibernia Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced in
good cases. ROBS. 1236 Market St.. room 127.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, office supervising
architect, Washington, D. C, February 25,
' IS99.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day of
March, 1899. and then opened, for all the
masonry work, roof covering, etc., for the
. United States post office, courthouse, etc.,
building at San Francisco, Cal., in accordance
with the drawings and specification, copies
of which may be obtained at this office or at
' the office of the superintendent at San Fran-
cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR, Super-
vising Architect.
HOUSES TO LET.
txTpPE^R 144—14 rooms, stable; reduced from
$27 50 to 's2o. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket Et.. opposite Kearny.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
S rlnted list of houses from BALDWIN &
'OWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
10-ROOM. house, well furnished, Western Ad-
dition. Apply SAUNDERS, 938 Geary st.
FIRST advertising solicitor for publication.
Address at once box 1778, Call office.
FIR.MSHED HOISES TO LET.
FURNISHED house, 9 rooms, bath; piano;
basement; parties going to their summer
home; responsible. Call 311 Taylor. 2-4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; rear cottage, 3. rooms;
large Btable and wagon shed; reasonable. 1562
Turk s(.
GROVE 1617V4. nr. Lyon— Cottage of 3 large
sunny rooms in rear; rent $7;O. G. Park.
SUNNY cottages of 5 rooms: also flat, 6 rooms,
bath: cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 521
X St., Sunset District.
i LATS TO LET.
BTEINER bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats; open to-day; 9-room, $47 50;
7-room, $37 50; also on same lot. facing- Elliott
Park, 5-room, $22 50; 4-room, $1S; have porce-
lain tubs basements and all modern improve-
ments; water, scavenger and Janitor service
included.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $16.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
533 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; lower 4 rooms;
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms: $14.
AN elegant upper 7-rrmm flat, bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to ' 2
p. m. 718 A Bush st. _ •_
APPLY 17:2 Howard, r.oar Thirteenth, 5 rooms,
bath; new and sunny; 3 front rooms; glazed
porch; rent reasonable; please Investigate.
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 1017 Bryant st ; $7.
FOR rent— An elegant sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements. 407
Devisadero st. ; rent $25.
FOURTEENTH, 134, near Howard— Modern
sunny 5 rooms; bath; collar: $18.
McALLISTER, 635— Fine flat of seven rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
NEAR Mechanics' • Pavilion— Fine top flat. 4
sunny rooms. 60 Ivy ave^
NINTH. 287 M lern hay-window flat 4 rooms
| and bath. $15.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of fiats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
li iST, 955— Lower flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
yard, rent *18.
SUNNY flat suitable for tailor shop or dress-
mak Bie' st., between 7th and. Bth.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
Bt., near Harrison.
SUNNY flat, suitable for tailor shop or dreae-
maker, 63S Jessie St.
UPPER and lowar sunny corner, 8 rooms and
bath flats: rent $10. 2219 Polk st. •
$13— LOWER flat, 5 rooms; bath; big yard.
2578 Clementina Ft.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLOOR with 3 beautiful large complete
furnished rooms; bath, gas, hot and cold
water; new house; fine \iew; healthy lo-
cation; private family; no children. 4231
20th St., near Castro.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Front housekeeping, bath
and laundry, $7 up.
EDDY, 743—2, 3 or 4 furnished sunny rooms;
also single r.oom; use of piano.
ELLIS, 53S— Sunny side; nicely furnished parlor
suit^ with bath; gas; running water and
kitchen: rent reasonable^
FIFTH, 309— New house; parlor, bedroom, larsr*
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; hot and
cold water; reasonable:
FIRST, 2S— 3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo.; also 2 unfurnished, $6 mo.
X' 'I S< IM 646— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms, with yard; suitable for housekeeping.
FOLPOM, 563 — 2 large punny housekeeping
rooms, with yard; furnished c6mplete.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping; 'also other rooms; bath.
i HAWTHORNE, 172, n*ar Harrison— Desirable
housekeeping rooms for 2; use of parlors.
HOWARD, 525—1 or 2 rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; stove and water; $6
and $8.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near 16th— 2 newly furnished
housekeeping rooms; cook stove; cheap^
LARKIN 804—2 sunny rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping, $11; large sunny front and
back rooms, $S and $5.
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished.
LIRERTY, 126— Warm belt of Mission; sunny
(«ulte; piano: use of kitchen; reasonable; Va-
lencia st. cars.
MINNA 1 11 't— Furnished bay-window house-
keeplng room, $1 5Q and $1 25 week.
MISSION, 834— Light housekeeping rooms,
sunny front room.
MISSION, S39— Sunny kitchen and bedroom, $10;
large room, $2; single, $1 50^
mission. 1 125 Vt— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; pood cookstove; cheap.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny furnished suites, com-
plete for housekeeping^
I MISSION, 17-47 1 sunny front suites, $10; stove,
water: also single rooms.
NATOMA, 538— Sunny unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
NATOMA, 739. near Ninth— Single or house-
keeping rooms: sunny^
NATOMA, 1002. nr. Eleventh— Furnished sunny
rooms for light housekeeping ; also single;
quiet family.
NINTH, 20— Front bay-window BUite. $12; 2
sunny connecting, $10; single; stove; water;
gas.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— 2 bay ■windows;
singly, $8; with kitchen, gas stove, $13.
POLK. 522— Nice front suite of unfurnished
housekeeping rooms.
I POST. 615— Pleasant alcove rooms for light
housekeeping; also sunny single rooms.
POWELL, 418— Housekeeping rooms; furnished
and unfurnished.
rWELL, 324. bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth— 2 nicely furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; complete; rent $10.
SIXTH, 216%— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH. 420 — Punny front housekeeping rooms;
running water,- bath, etc.; also single; rea3.
TWELFTH. 40— Nicely furnished front room
and kitchen; $10; n^ar Market st.
TWELFTH. 230 C — 2 front rooms; house-
keeping; use of gas stove; private family;
good" locality.
VAN NESS aye., 401B— Modern nicely furnished
housekfepink rooms; sun all day.
VAN NESS, 940 — 3 partly furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms; rent $18 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Francisco, . Turk and Taylor sta.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Taylor, 149— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
quiet house; transient; reasonable.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SUTTER, 717, 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please Investigate.
AT 14 A Geary— Double bed, hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 60 to
$.T; single, $1 to $1 SO; night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza: day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)^Fur^
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished rooms; prices to suit.
EDDY, 207— Neatly furnished sunny single
room; $6; with gas.
i FOLSOM. S2O, near Fourth— Furnished roomß.
$1 per week
GEARY, 36V4. The Clyde— Changed hands; front
rooms, $2 to $6 per week; 60c to $1 50 per day.
GEARY, 622— Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern conveniences; also one email.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; runnlne water; grate;
private family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— One large sunny, weTU
rurni.shed r...,m; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, HE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleaeant sunny rooms, en suite and
I single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
I rooming house; $1 60 to $« ptr week,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HARRIET, 15. off Howard, near Sixth— Fur-
nished bedroom; rent Si,
HARRISON, 754V2. near "Fourth— Finely fur-
nished Bunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week. ■ ■ '
HICKORY aye., 11, 2 doors off Van Ness— Sin-
gle or double sunny bedroom; quiet house;
from $4 up. ■
HOWARD. 829— Rooms $1 up; also housekeep-
ing and transient.
JONES, Elegant new furnished rooms;
board optional; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 247, corner McAllister— Furnished
rooms and also unfurnished, ■ suitable for
offices. ■
MASON, 219, near O'Farrell— Sunny furnished
rooms; man and wife or two gentlemen; sin-
gle rooms. •
MASON, 511— Large sunny room: gas; bath;
also single room; private family.
MINNA, 3574, bet. Fourth and Fifth— Large
sunny room, 16.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MINT aye., 26— Newly furnished large front
room; private family.
NATOMA. 252, near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms; rent $6.
NINTH, 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
cheap. . ■
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric -lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 419, above Taylor (end of court)—
Furnished room in private family, $10.
O'FARRELL, 923, near' Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny back room; board optional.
PINE, 514 A, near Kt-arny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or on suite: $3 up.
POST, 239 — Elegant " sunny corner rooms; all
conveniences; families and gentlemen; tran-
sient. _. •
POST, — Sunny furnished room; reason-
able. ■
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Large front room suitable for busi-
ness- also rooms $i per week.
STEVENSON, 733*4, near Ninth— 2 nice sunny
light rooms; suitable for gentlemen or light
housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also housekeeping terms
reasonable.
THIRTEENTH, 405, cor. Valencia Cicely fur-
nished front room; closet; bath and tele-
phone; rent $7.
TURK, 127— Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office; light ■housekeeping; gas; new furniture.
TURK, Front and back rooms, newly fur-
nished; bath and sun; $7 to $11.
VALENCIA, 117—2 nicely furnished rooms;
terms reasonable.
VALENCIA, 12S, near Market New. elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board, in
private family. __
VAN NESS aye., 1021—2 furnished rooms; bath;
hot and cold water; $7 and $9.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class in every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, J5O month up.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1 - 20 Market— and
single; bath connecting; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
PRIVATE family, having large sunny alcove
bedroom, woulr! board 2 gentlemen or married
couple. Call at 1408 Jackson St., bet. 9 and 1.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
i COMFORTABLE, pleasant home .for Infant or
children; kindest care: healthy location; ref-
erences exchanged. MRS. J. BALDWIN,
Glen Ellen, Cal.
LADY wishes one or two growing children to
board; fresh cow milk. 2251 Mission st.
ONE or two children to board In German fam-
ily: nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
STORES TO LET.
FINE large corner store: basement; good loca-
tion; near Mission High School, Eighteenth
and Dolores: also small one; rent very cheap.
I Apply COSSACK BROS., 102 Sixth st.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath Ger-
man Methodist Church; suitable for kinder-
' garten school or store room. S6SB Folsnm.
I MEDICAL.
■ A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or dlscour-
' aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find in
[ her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of. a home; consultation free and
. absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYEIt, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12,
i 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment, only.
• A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
•at any tjme when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used;- self cure, $5;
home In confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, fr«}e, before going else-
: where: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 916 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
' ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
E0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
, anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market st. ;
pills, SI; very strong, $2.
• A NEW process. for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and now long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
! snfe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
. used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
' and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 31S Kearny st.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time, and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023,6 Market st.
. A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, *5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and strictly confi-
dential; hours. 9a.m. to 6. p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; piljs. SI; cure
p. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-Sth, to!. Mint 1633.
ALL married ladles know "P^guro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sac-ramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS, WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: sure cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until ton late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agent-, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best n-f.-i. ;
1640% Howard; Mrs. M. Wle.iomann, midwife.
LADIES— Cure guaranteed 'for monthly trou-
bles: $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. HIS Mkt.
BELLEVI'E Sanitarium — Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Ang.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. „ ■ ■ -•;
LOST.
LOST— B pass-book* with the Hibernla- Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, standing
In the names as follows:
Book No. 10,040, REV. P. J. GREY. i,-
Book No. 35.672, REV. P. J. GREY. Trustee.
Book No. 5675, MRS. T. W. BRENNAN and
MISS ELLEN DARKEN, assigned to P. J.
GREY.
." Book No. 3173, MARY E. CASEY, assigned
to P. J. GREY. .
Book No. 26,762, WTT.LTAM B. O'CONNOR,
assigned to P. .1. GREY.
Book No. 27.667. THOMAS WALSH," as-
signed to P. J. GREY. . - - • V .
Book No. 21.239. .IT-LTA . POSTELLO. as
signed to P. .1. GREY.
Book No. -24,704, SIARGARET VANSTAN,
a«*igned to P. J. GREY.
The finder will please return the books to
the bank or to the office of M. C. HASSETT,
Attorney at Law, .Phelan building.
. Dated March 4. 1599. ■
LOST— Sunday evening going from Shell Mound
Park to Seventh and Howard streets, a ladies'
gold watch: Waltham movement; name So-
phie H. Slebe engraved Inside of case. Finder
will rec"elve reward by returning to "■> San-
some st. '.
LOST— A black shepherd dog with white spot
on chest. Please return to Campl's Restaur-
ant, 531 Clay st., and receive reward.
I^OST— Gentleman'* silver watch; engraved H.
Echorcht. Finder please return to. 12 Mason.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights ujjon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
. Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and . Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. •
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe. good as new,
upright, rosewood; Chickerlne. used three
months, upright, mahogany; guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, lfi O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTE bargains in pianos, this week only;
Chickering, $75; Steinway, $127; Emerson.
JIM; Kelso. $145: Spencer. $175; Colby. JlSo:
Cohover. $225; Steinway. $250. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms, 1818 Market st. -
HORNUNG'S pianos pra)sed by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and sea
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
AN elegant Hardman upright, little used: a
snap. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor,
Flood building.
A GOOD Fischer upright, $107; fine order.
. Room 21. Flood building.
GOOD Fischer upright xacrlficed by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm. 21. Flood bldg.
FINE Steinway Snickering, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye. ■
NEW pianos rented, $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installment*. $5 7S up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hib<»rnia Bank.
SOHMEU pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZT, Pole Agent. SOS Post ft.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 3CS Post — ■ .
KNAP plnnis: r » Male; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 10 O'Farrfll st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. mak' r. repairer, 2 Latham place.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Pacific Heights residence Just be-
ing completed, corner Jackson and Buchanan.
Finest homes ever offered on the market.
Finished in mahogany and oak. Contain 12
rooms, attic, billiard room, wine room, heat-
er, etc., 7 mantels, dressing room adjoining
each bedroom. Inlaid floors in reception hall.
Full particulars, MADISON & BURKE, 626
Market st.
MISSION COTTAGES —
■ Four 5. 6 and 8-room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st.. between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment: bal-
ance monthly: over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder. '
$6000— elegant flats; 2229 and 2231 Fifteenth
st. : 6 and 7 rooms; basement partly finished;
large stable; owner lives in lower flat.
$26 000— HOUSES; lot 137:6x57:6: north part of
city. OEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
/^BARGAIN— 50 acres of land; near school:
facing county road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and "Milpitas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance grain land; good 9-room house, barn,
well, • windmill and tank. For further par-
. ticulars call 425 Eleventh st., Oakland.
$300— 6»£ ACRES, 2M: miles from Hay wards:
cottage, 5 rooms; windmill, tank and tank-
house; family orchard; wood and water. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
MILL VALLEY cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
stable, fruit trees, for sale cheap. Apply 2719
Bryant aye., city.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $80 per
acre: choice lands in tracts of . all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms: rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Sth floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. SO2 California St.. 8. F.
WANTED— improved ranch: cash bar-
gain Box 394. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, Bent to any address in the
United States or Canada one ysar for $1,
portage paid.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for city residence, nice
home in Alameda. Box 392. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: or any other good security: payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
• Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st. ■ .
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 t6 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at SVi per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery. rm. 8.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery St., S. F.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel^ Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003*4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3. .
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates: no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
BORROW money on indorsed payer or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.; cor. 3d _ Jessie.
A — WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; Alameda;
Berkeley. EPSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. ■ Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
$500o — A LADY In hard circumstances would
like to' sell her home near Park Panhandle;
immediate relief necessary: mortgaged for
nearly half. Inquire Call branch office, 387
Hayes st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
t"ls. etc. Harper &■ Krelcer. 312 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco; 3 minutes
. from station; In attractive neighborhood:
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern: thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished; lot 42x
125- small payment and monthly Installments
can he arranged. HERON _ HOLCOMB.
1050 Broadway.
$2000— WONDERFUL bargain; 8-room house;
lot 102x126: near Telegraph aye.: one of the
greatest bargains In Oakland: I am author-
ized to sell Immediately: forced sale. E. E.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR BALK.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. Bee him
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA, REAL ESTATE.
— COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms; lot 42x135;
Santa Clara aye. : terms $400 cash, $23 per mo.
$2600^ — New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
107; half -block' from station and high school;
terms $-100 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150: Rne
location: San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash," $25 per month.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer a good 8-room house and corner lot.
handy to cars and schools, for only $1800; $200
down and $15 monthly; we also sell beautiful
lots near the university for $600 and upward;
only $100 down and easy Installments. O. G.
MAY & CO., 2123 Center st. —
I For sale or rent. 11 acres adjoining University
frrounds: good house, barn. etc. DR. S. M.
MOUSER, 707 Bush st., San Francisco.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. J DRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.: all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BIRTHS— DEATH-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
.sons authorized to have the game published__
— _ boe,n7~ ■
HAMILTON— In this city. February 27, 1599. to
the wife of J. S. Hamilton, a daughter.
SOLOMON— In this city, February 26, 1599, to
the wife of S. Solomon, a daughter.
DIED.
Churchill. Miranda Healey. Mary E.
Coffin, Hannah Bottom, Carrie
Conolly, Edward A. Kenna, Edna
Cramer, Thomas J. Klein, Dorothy F.
Danlelson, Olivia E. OKeefe. Hazel Bell
Donovan, John J. Rucker, James T.
Donovan, Margaret Seiberlich, Joseph F.
Gassmann, John B. Stealey, Thomas
' Green, Alfred A. Stemnaer. Benedict
Gundry. Mrs. E. Wagner. H. Anna
Hale. John Thomas
CHURCHILL- In this city. March 4. 1899.
Miranda Churchill, beloved mother of Frank
and Seth Churchill and Mrs. Clara Singer, a
native of New York, aged 66 years 6 months
rXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 328 Second avenue, between Point Lo-
bos avenue and Clement street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. •
COFFIN— In this city. March 4. 1599, Hannah
Coffin, beloved sister of James and Michael
Riordan, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 61 years 9 months and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Marys
Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Pas-
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital where
a sofcmn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONOLLY-ln this oily, March 5, ™*> Edward
A., beloved husband of the latf Margaret
Conolly and father of Mrs. C. A. {_«•"••
Mrs. Margaret Hughes. Mrs. J. J. Lermen.
Agnes J. Conolly and Sister Mary Agnes of
the Sisters of Charity, a native of Dublin.
Ireland a funeral years. place to-morrow
(DTThe funeral will take place, to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat<»
residence. 627 Ellis street, thence to bt.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o clock, in-
terment private. Please omit flowers
■CRAMFR-In this city. March 5. 18!». Thoma*
J. beloved husband of Sarah E. Cramer and
father of William H.. George W, Edwin. L.
.1.. Charles W. and C. C. Cramer and Mrs.
Nat Prescott. a native of New Jersey, aged
55 years. •
DANIELSON-In this city. March 5.- 1599.
Olivia Elsa, dearly beloved and only child of
Albert H. and Olivia Danielson and grand-
daughter of Mrs, August Schulz, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 13 aays.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 911 Illinois street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery- , .
DONOVAN-In this city, March 3, 1599 John
J., beloved husband of the late Julia Dono-
van and father of John and Thomas Dono-
van, a native of London, England, aged b8
years 8 months and 11 days.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday),, at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Jas. McMenomey & Son 100. Mis-
sion street, near Seventh, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DONOVAN-In Oakland. March 4, 1899 . Mar-
garet Donovan, beloved mother of John 8..
Daniel H.. Robert T., Margaret A., William
J and Edward G. Donovan, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 76 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tnis day
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 613 Sixth street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. -
GASSMANN-In this city. March 4. B», John
Baptiste. beloved husband of Emelie Gass-
• mann and father of Eugene Gassmann. Mrs.
Ciclle Camozzl and Mrs. Alice Doassans. a
native of France, aged 70 years 8 months and
I"'r^TFriends1 "'r^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at- 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 406 Union street, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires, Bush
• street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, March 3. 1599. Alfred A.
Green, father of Mrs. Samufel Shear. Mrs.
W. E. Hensley. A. T. Green and Mrs. W. J.
O'Brien, and brother of W. H. Green and
Colonel George M. Green of Mexico, a na-
tive of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 71
years and 10 days.
rr^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitee to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the New Jeru-
salem Church. O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore. Interment private.
GUNDRY-In this city, March I, 1599, Mrs. E.
Gundry, beloved mother of Lillian and
Frank Gundry and sister of Mrs F. E.
Larkin. a native of New York, aged 53 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company
corner of Stockton and Geary streets.
HALE— In this city. March 3, 1899, John
Thomas Hale, beloved brother of the late
Joseph P. and James C. Hale. Mrs. Margaret
L Ryan and Sister Mary Benedict Hale, and
uncle of Mrs. Josephine Boyle, a native Of
Easkey, County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 61 years
9 months and 9 days.
tETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to Sacred Heart
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HEALEY-In this city, March 3. 1899, Mary
E.. wife of Peter B. Healey. and beloved
daughter of Margaret and John C. Tormey, a
native of San Francisco, -aged 27 years.
(DTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. HK Sacramento street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLTUM— her residence. Ashby station.
South Berkeley, March 4. 1599. Carrie, dearly
" beloved wife of Ferdinand Holtum. and
mother of Ferdinand Jr.. Christian Leonora
W. and Laura HOltum, a native of Norway.
a§ CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors Of
H F Suhr * Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. cemetery.
KENNA-In this ci*y. March 5, 1899, Edna
Kenr.a. beloved daughter of William and
Agnes Kenna. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 2 days.
KLEIN-In this city. March 5. 1599 Dorothy
F only and beloved daughter of Mamie and
Frank Klein and grandchild of P. T. and
Ellen Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 7 months and 24 days. . .
O'KEEFE-In this city. March 3. 1899. Hazel
Bell, beloved daughter of J. and Mary
O'Keefe, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 4 months and 16 days.
_T The funeral services will be held
to-morrow luesday). at 1:30 o clock, at the
family residence. ::60 Mission street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment
_r.lv{it.c
RUCKER -In this city. March 4, 1899. James
T dearly beloved husband of Anna Bliss
Rucker. a native of Santa Clara County, Cal.,
Sf _r Friend? are Invited to attend the funeral
■ athls late residence. 1921 Vallejo street, at
- 2 o'clock this (Monday) afternoon. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,
SEIBERLICH-In this city. March 3. 1599, Jo-
«PDh Francis, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Magdalena and the late Ignatius Seiberllch.
and beloved brother of Louis. Frank Annie.
William and Agnes Seiberllch and Mrs. M.
DelwiSch. a native of San Francisco aged 34
years and 14 days. A member of St. Peter
CTF-lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of- his mother. 639 Dolores street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at *
o'clock Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STEALEY— In this cit" March 5. .^9. Thomas
StValev. husband of Mary L. Stealey. . ■
torFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day) at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
3491 'seventeenth street. Interment private.
STEMMER— this city. March 5, 1599. Bene-
dict Stemmer, a native of Germany, aged 4«
i WAGNER— Ia this city. March 3. ISM, H.
Anna beloved wife of David Wagner, and
mother of Laura R. and Clyde R. Wagner, a
native of Ohio, aged 58 years.
(ET'The funeral services will take place
to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 421 Oak street, Interment prl-
. vate.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan _ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA_._U£R_.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. " ■ . .
McAVOY «fc -CO., I
FUNERAL DIKEUTORS & E_UaL,MBRB 1
U3S Market sL. between CO., I
FUNEUAL DiKECTURS _ EMBaLMEM I
UK Market st.. between Bth and Bt_,
. Telephone. South »47. _.-.-; I
__ a __ K H_Bwn__— _r
910
LOVE THAT WOULD
NOT BROOK DELAY
Chicago Lovers
Came Here
to Wed.
Pretty Lillian Leddy
and Allen Dowler
Were Super
stitious.
"True love hates and will not bear de
lay" is a sentiment as old as love itself,
and when coupled in lovers' hearts with
the equally ancient superstition that to
a wedding day is sure to bring
bad lack, a marriage is oftentimes cele
brated under unusual rircumstanees. This
Bupersitition Impelled a pretty young Chi
cago p:r! i the snow-clad continent
alone, that she might become a bride on
the day she appointed when her lover
asked h r to become his wife. Six months
a p (1 Mis-; Lillian Leddy, a prominent and
popular young lady of Chicago, met Allen
Dowler, a prosperous young business
nan. They soon became lovers,' and, (Us
ing the opposition of the girls
family, they decided to wed. Saturday,
March 4. was th* date set for the con
summation of their vows, and that no
misfortune might follow a postponement,
the fair bride, in "response to her lovers
request came to San Francisco and tney
were married soon after her arrival.
The groom was compelled by the iron
laws of business to make a trip to ( aliror
nia and he could not return to claim his
bride at th< ■■ So ho telegraphed
y,j S iv.... the blizzard-ridden
cltv by the lake and come to Caniomia,
where they would begin their honeymoon
glowing warmth of a summer sun.
BMding farewell to her relatives, the
bride-to-be started on th..' journey.
While his sweetheart was traveling
across tho mountains and plains the
groom made all necessary arrangements
for the wedding ceremony. ■
A marriage license was secured, the
minN- nd tho happy swain
.tint nto to meet his
bride wl i to arrive hero Fri
day. But the train bearing the maid was
delayed by snowstorms, and when the
groom hurriedly searched the
westbound Pullmans he was sorely dis
THE FAST CHITOSE
TO RECEIVE GUESTS
A BRILLIANT GARDEN PARTY
FOR WEDNESDAY.
High Naval and Military Officials to
Attend — A Private Reception
and Lunch Yesterday.
His Imperial Japanese Majesty's world- |
beating cruiser Chitose, the latest output I
of the Union Iron Works, is fast taking |
on her finishing touches and will soon
depart for the land of the chrysanthe
mum. there to receive her armament and
go into commission.
Before the splendid ship leaves this
port it Is the intention of her officers to j
afford the people of this city ample op
portunity to inspect her. For this pur
pose a reception will be given to foreign
ers on Saturday next from 8 to 11 a. m.
and 1 to 4 p. m. On Sunday next the big
fighting ship will be thrown open only to
the Japanese residents, who ate prepar
ing for a great gala day.
The special social event on hoard the ;
Chitose will occur, however, on Wednes
day of this week. It is to be a Japanese
"garden party," at which there will be
present General Shatter, Commodore
•Watson, Captain Terrill and other of
ficers of the battle ship lowa, Mayor Phe
lan, military and naval officers generally
and four hundred of the most prominent
officials and citizens of San Francisco.
The crack cruiser will be elaborately
decorated and no efforts are to be spared
to make the occasion a brilliant one. .
At the Invitation of Paymaster H. Ya
inasakf and Second Lieutenant U. Suzuki,
a party consisting of Captain E. B. Hat
field. Captain J. T. Norman Callaway and
Mr and Mrs. J. V. Van Eaton enjoyed a
private inspection of the vessel yesterday
afternoon. The Chitose, even to those
who have seen the best warships that
have been built here or have visited this
port Is a marvel of construction, particu
larly in the matter of her scientific equip
ments Every advantageous device for
labor-saving, quickness of action and
creature comfort has been employed, and
■when she goes into commission the Eiti-
T>eror will have the satisfaction of know-
Ire that he possesses one of the most up
to-date cruisers in the world.-
After the inspection an appetizing lunch
was served in the handsome wardroom,
during which toasts were given to "The
Jananese Emperor." "The Chitose and
Her Crew." "The Only Dewey" and "The
Builders of the Warship." A proof of the
hi" h regard in which the officers hold the
American navy was shown by the fact
that the most conspicuous decorations
of the ward room were large portraits of
Admiral Dewey and Rear Admiral Samp-
Son.
Bishop Montgomery to Lecture.
BishOD Montgomery of Los Angeles will
appointed and perturbed at not finding
the object of his love. He Bought the
conductor, and was Informed that the
train had come on without the Chicago
coaches. Mr. Dowler returned to tho city
and, with a lover' 3 Impatience, awaited
the arrival of the delayed train. The
creeping hours finally passed and bis
bride was by his side. The happy lovers
hastened to the Rev. Charles E. Locke
and were united Saturday afternoon, the
day set when their troth was plighted.
In the happiness of the moment the
happy pair did not forget their relatives
at home, some of whom had opposed the
match, but as usual the opposition only
increased the flame of love. A dispatch
was sent to the bride's family inform
ing them of the wedding, and later they
received a telegram from Mrs. Leddy,
conveying her blessing and wishes for a
life of uninterrupted happiness.
CHICAGO, March s.— Through a tele
gram to the bride's mother, Mrs. Bridget
Leddy, 171 Oakwood boulevard, it became
known to-day that A. L. Dowler, travel
ing representative of the liquor house of
Clark Bros.. Peoria, 111., and Miss Lillian
Leddy of this city were married Satur
day in San Francisco. The young people
first met a year ago at a social function.
Dowler was favorably known to the'
family of the bride, but objections to the
wedding Were made by Mrs. Leddy and
the elder sisters on account of Lillian's
youth. A week ago Miss Leddy received
a telegram from her lover from San Fran
cisco, asking her to come immediately.
Last Tuesday she left her home on Oak
wood boulevard and arrived in San Fran
cisco two days ago. No further particu
lars have been received by the family.
Since leaving college at I>ake Forest two
years ago, Miss Leddy has been a favorite
in South Side and North Side society cir
cles, and her home, with her mother, Mrs.
B. Leddy, and her sist< r, Mrs. S. B.
Jones, has been the Mecca of many ad
mirers.
The engagement with Mr. Dowler was
of but six months' duration. Miss Leddy
would allow nothing to separate her and
her lover. ■ ,
Two weeks ago Mrs. Dowler, a former
wife, from whom Mr. Dowler had sep
arated, was granted a decree of divorce,
and no time was lOStby Mr. Dowler in
Bending for his Chicago fiancee.
"We were opposed to the marriage at
first " said Mrs. Jones, a sister of the
bride, "on account of Lillian's extreme
youth but she was determined to marry
Mr. Dowler. and this morning we were
much pleased to learn that the marriage
had taken place. Mr. Dowler has many
friends in Chicago and is popular with all
who know him."-
Mrs. H. Axton. sister of the bnde, is a
—■ell-known actress, her stage name being ■
Marie Leddy. She was last seen hrre in I
the Frohman production of "Charley s j
A FEORIA. 111.. March 6.— M. A. Dowler
has traveled for Clark Bros., rectifiers
and liquor dealers of this city, for many
years, and is very highly regarded in a
business way at least by his employers.
BUTTE, Mont.. March 5. -Elizabeth M.
Dowler was granted a divorce from A. L. j
Dowler by Judge Clancy on February 9, j
on the ground of desertion. Defendant
made no appearance. Plaintiff alleged
they were married in Wisconsin, March ■
4 IS9I and that on November 15. 1*96, de- j
fendant, without provocation, abandoned
her and took up his residence in Chicago-
She claimed to have seen her husband
there about two months ago and endeav
ored to effect a reconciliation and resume
the obligations of a wife, but her husband
would not consent. She claimed that since
the separation she has been living
on the income from an estate left by
! her father. Mrs. Dowler is a strikingly
i handsome woman, and has been in Butte
• intermittently for several years, and
while the lady dhes not move in fashion
j able circles, she is well known to the pub
lic generally. She is always elegantly
dressed and attracts much admiring at
tention. She has recently been residing
■with her sister, Mrs. H. A. Armstrong.
deliver a lecture this evening at Metropol
itan Hall under the auspices of Mission
Council No. 3.
Sport at Sutro Baths.
The swimming contests at Sutro Baths
yesterday attracted a big crowd. Beforo
! the races and after their conclusion the
j immense tank was filled with bathers, who
• disported themselves in the water to their
[ hearts' content. The first race, a 50-yard
dash for novices, was won by H. McKen
zie. with A. Beysess second.' J. Guerin
won the 100-yard dash for juveniles, with
O. Beysess second. The obstacle race
afforded much amusement and was won
by C. Strahlin, with H. McKenzie second.
J. A. Jackson won the open to all under
water race, with H. Seebach second. A.
Beysess proved the best trick and fancy
springboard diver. J. Carroll being a close
second. The trapeze and high dive was
won by O. Schulte, with H. A. Baker
second.
How a Brave Deed Was Rewarded.
Morris Bean, the Merchants' Exchange
boatman, who. with Officer James Fergu
son, rescued James Kltterman and four
other persons from the bay near Meiggs
wharf last Friday, has been rewarded for
his deed. Mr. Kittrrman gave him $5, and
as some of the men struggling in the
water by the side of their overturned
boat would in all probability have been
drowned, Mr. Kitterman and the others
cannot be Classed as spendthrifts. Kit
terman offered Ferguson the same sum,
but he refused it. saying that a portion
of his duty was to save life. Bean gave
another boatman who assisted in the-res
cue a portion of the reward. So it cost
Mr. Kitterman $. r i to have himself and
four friends saved from drowning.
Death of Captain Madison.
Captain Hans Madison, the well-known
ship owner of this city, died in Fruit
vale at 7 o'clock last evening. Captain
Madison was one of the most prominent
figures in shipping circles and owned
many vessels sailing from this port. In
addition to his widow and three children,
Misses Fannie and Pauline and Walter
Madison. the captain leaves m*ny
friends who will sincerely mourn his loss.
Captain Madison was 63 years of age at
the time of his death. The arrangements
for the funeral will be completed to-day.
Struck by a Car.
Frank Bnyo, a deckhand on the steamer
Australia, was struck by a Mission-street
car at the corner of East and Mission
streets last evening and was. badly bat
tered. He was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where Dr. yon der I/eith dr.
lacerated wound over the lefi < .-.
several severe bruises on the body. Boyo
was crossing ' " - i:id heard no i>< : ii.
Under the direction of the Egyptian
Museum of Berlin excavations are" being
made at Sakkara solely in the interest
of science, without any desire for mate
rial gain.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MABCH fi. 1899.
HORSE RACING
IS NOW TO BE
RESTRICTED
Supervisors Will Pass
an Ordinance.
GAMBLING TO BE PROHIBITED
AIGELTINOER WILL PRESENT
RESOLUTIONS TO-DAY.
Sentiment of the City Fathers Is !
Strongly Against the Perni
cious Operations of the
Racetracks.
The article punished in last Friday's
. Call, in which It was clearly shown that
• the people of San Francisco are reaping
' a bitter harvest of disgrace, demoraliza
tion and death from the insidious opera
| , tions of the race tracks has determined
, | the Board of Supervisors to take imme
. diate action upon this question of mo
mentous import to the community at
' large.
At to-day's meeting of the board Su
pervisor Aigeltinger will introduce an or
j dinance having for its purpose the pro
| hibition of gambling on the races in this
city and county. This, it is believed, will
effectually stop horse racing, because it
is the gambling proposition which is the
mainstay of the sport. Take away the
betting and the game is not profitable
enough to satisfy its promoters.
Clerk John A. Russell of the board, at
| the request of Supervisor Aigeltinger, has
| been busy for the past few days prepar
! ing the draft of a resolution covering the
case. He has several ordinances which
came up before former -boards, but failed
: of passage. He will incorporate the best
J portions of these measures into one which
! will allow no legal loophole and be sweep
! ing its character.
It is thought, too, that in this way the
\ poolroom evil, a pernicious adjunct of the
! race?, will be successfully coped with, and
, that those institutions will be wiped out
of existence.
If it be found that the ordinance pro
' hihiting gambling entirely will not stand
the constitutional test, or cannot pass in
the board by reason of its arbitrary rul
ing, then another will be introduced pro
viding for the limitation of horse racing
to thirty or sixty days. In that event the
desired result might be attained, Inas
much as horse owners would find it a
Inking proposition to bring their horses
here for such a short period. In either
case the long record of murder, suicide,
embezzlement, arson and thefts in this
i city would be materially reduced. Su
-1 pervisor Aigeltinger whra seen yesterday
; in regard to his proposed ordinance said:
"It is time that something be done to
! prevent the terrible damago that horse
: racing has inflicted upon San Francisco
I and its citizens. I have for a long time
I been considering the advisability of pre
senting an ordinance covering the case,
and the able article in Friday's Call has
spurred me on. The presentation of the or
dinance at our meeting to-morrow will be
! the outcome of the worthy agitation. The
' horse racing proposition and its attendant
j evils have gone too far already and I am
j in favor of any measure that will provide
I the necessary remedy. I feel quite certain
that, my colleagues are keenly alive to the
danger and will stand by me in the mat
ter. If the prohibition of gambling will !
not correct the evil then we will limit the :
period for racing, and I guess that will do i
it.
"I am not an enemy of horse racing, for
in it=elf it is a noble, sport, but I am un
alterably opposed to the pernicious influ
! ence it exerts upon our younger genera
! tlon in the gambling on the race course. I
! am vice president of fhe San Francisco
i Driving Club and even at our last meet
ing at Ingleside we, were powerless to
prevent certain bookmakers from fixing
one of the races. It is this element that
! degrades the sport. Why, the 'touts'
who lure people, to bet are provided with
frco passes to the races so they can ply
i their nefarious vocation.
"I maintain that we must act on the
i question, and quickly, too. for the com
i munity is 'entitled to some protection."
Supervisor Perrault was equally as cm
i phatic as his coleagues on the necessity of
' legislation on the racing evil.
"I am in favor," said he, "of restricting
! horse racing. There have been too many
lives wrecked or lost in the passion for
gambling at Jr."-leside. and in public and
private affairs the racing habit has been
1 productive of sad results. I will support
i any measure which will properly contend
■ with the problem, and I heartily concur
I with Supervisor Aigeltinger in his earnest
i efforts to drive the terrible evil from our
I midst."
BENEATH A BELL OF
ROSES AND VIOLETS
WEDDING OF LAYO NEWMAN
AND MISS FLORENCE NATHAN
A Beautiful Ceremony at the Resi
dence of the Parents of the
Groom.
Miss Florence Nathan and Mr. Layo
Newman were married at the home of the
groom's parents, '658 Geary street, yester
day at I o'clock. Rev. Dr. Levy pro
nounced the words that' made the happy
young couple man and wife and the cere
mony was witnessed by a host of friends
and relatives of the contracting parties.
The spacious parlors were elaborately
decorated with emilax, ferns, cut flowers
and red. white and blue chenille stream
ers. Over the door leading to the front
parlor was a dove of peace and in the bay
window hung a large floral bell of roses,
violets and lilies of the valley. Under
this bell the ceremony was performed.
The bride was attended by her niece. Miss
Alice Halverstadt, and Miss Hattie New
man, sister of the groom. Colonel Grif
fin, an uncle of Miss Nathan, and Ben
jamin Smith attended Mr. Newman.
During the ceremony : Mrs. Wright pre
sided at the piano, playing softly "The
Wedding March" from "Lohengrin." Mrs.
Captain Griflin and Miss. Ethel Newman, a
niece of the groom, sang several selec
tions. After the ceremony about thirty
of the immediate friends and relatives of
Mr. and Mrs. Newman were entertained at
a wedding breakfast. The young couple
leave for a honeymoon trip south to-day.
Mrs. Newman is the only daughter of
Mrs. Annie Nathan, widow of the late
well-known capitalist, while Mr. Newman
is the brother of Charles Newman, the
popular and widely known business man.
A large number of beautiful and costly
presents received by the young couple at
test the esteem in which they are held by
their numerous friends.
. ♦ — '■ —
puts one on his feet with renewed appetite and
vigor after an attack of grip. Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Association make It, which assures
Its quality. .". ;
« ♦ ■
FEAST OF ST.- PATRICK.
St. Paul's Parish to Give an Enter
tainment Tuesday Night.
ft. Paul's parish will give an entertain
ment at the hall on the corner of Church
and Twenty-ninth streets on Tuesday
evening in honor of the feast of St. Pat
rick.
The proceeds of the entertainment are
to be turned into a fund, for the erec
tion of a new church. The present edifice
is to I'O transformed into a parish school
and on the lots adjoining a handsome
:i- w church to cost $60,000 is to be built.
Stc-reopticon views of Irish scenery are
to be one of the features of the evening's
entertainment on Tuesday, and there will
be a number of addresses by good speak
ers. Among these is to be an oration by
J. J. Barrett.
JAMES T. RUCKER DIES
AFTER A WEEK'S ILLNESS
He Was Taken With a Chill, Which Rapidly De
veloped Into Pneumonia.
JAMES T. RUCKER. one of the best known citizens of California, who for
the past year has been a resident of San Francisco, died Saturday afternoon
at 3 o'clock at his residence, lf<2l Vallejo street, of pneumonia. On Monday
last he was taken with a chill while down town attending to some business.
He had only recently returned from a trip through Oregon and "Washington, and
it is thought by his friends that he contracted a cold, that left his system in a
weakened condition. He rapidly grew worse and while, he received the best
of medical attention, nothing was able to stop* the ravages which finally resulted
in his death.
Mr. Rucker was a native of Santa Clara County, and was 36 years of age.
Some years ago he married Miss Anna Bliss, the daughter of George D. Bliss,
who survives him with three small children. He was associated with his
brother. Samuel N. Rucker, in the furniture business in San Jose. Their business
was extensive ;ind the. deceased was also -interested in a number of furniture
agencies throughout Oregon and Washington. By his honesty and courtesy he
made a success in commercial life and was in most comfortable circumstances.
Mr. Rucker was also prominently identified with the Native Sons' organization,
and was the grand marshal at their last annual reunion, which was held in
San Jose.
Samuel N. Rucker, ex-Mayor of San Jose, and formerly a member of the
legislature, is a twin brother of the deceased. The likeness between them v i
so striking that not even thrir most intimate friends were able to tell them apart.
Mr. Rucker had a host of friends to whom his death will mean a personal loss.
He possessed those sterling characteristics of manhood that endeared him to all
with whom ho came in contact. The funeral will take place at 2 o'clock tins
afternoon from his late residence, and the interment will be in Calvary Ceme
tery.
LAST TRIBUTE PAID
TO THE GERMAN POET
THE OBSEQUIES OF THEODORE
KIRCHHOFF.
Cremated at Odd Fellows Cemetery
in the Presence of Many
Friends.
The funeral services over the rrrnnins
of Theodore Kirchhoff, thp Oprmnn-
American poet and author, who died la^t
Friday night, were hold at his late homo,
809 Scott stTf-ct, ypstrrday. After the cere
mony at the house the body was taken to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where it was cre
mated.
All of the prominent Germans in the
CYCLISTS COLLIDE
WITH FEARFUL FORCE
Mrs. Walter B. Webster the Victim of
a Careless Youth.
MRS. WALTER B. WEBSTER met
with an accident while cycling in
Golden Gate Park yesterday that
may cost the lady her lite.
Mr. Webster, who is a department man
ager for W. W. Montague & Co., and his
wife started from their home at 416 Lyon
street about noon for a spin to the beach
on their wheels. They took the bicycle
path along the main road, Mrs. Webster
being some distance in front of her hus
band. The lady was going down the grade
near the westerly entrance to the speed
track wholly unconscious of danger, when
a boy of about 18 years dashed down the
path behind her at furious speed and
crashed into her wheel.
Mrs. Webster was thrown violently to
the ground, striking on her back. Sev
eral persons who witnessed the collision
hurried to the injured lady's assistance.
The park ambulance was summoned and
Mrs. Webster was hurried 10 the Emer
gency Hospital. Drs. Sweeney and Simon
made an examination and found she had
sustained severe injury to the spine, with
indications of a fracture, although that
could not be determined at the time.
Mrs. Webster was entirely conscious
and suffered little pain, though the lower
part of her body and limbs were para
lyzed, Mr. Webster eumpioned a carriage
city attended th* funeral and many floral
tributes were placed on the casket of the
j departed poet. Among: these was a hand
; some harp sent by the German Press
i Club, the members of which attended the
; services. Hon. Charles ' Bundschu dcliv
! ered a eulogy on the dead poet at the
I house and at the cemetery read a poem,
j by himself, entitled "The Last Tribute to
I the Dead Poet." M. Greenblatt, the pro
i prietor of the German Pemokrat, deliv
ered a eulogistic oration at the cemetery.
An instrumental quartet furnished the
music at the services.
The honorary pallbearers were: Consul
i General A. Rosr-nthal. F. W. Dohrmann,
: Charles Bundschu. Joseph Brandenstein,
: Dr. Dresel, M. Greenblatt, E. C. Preiber,
Dr. Saenger. Professor G. Goebel, Profes
sor William Zimmermann, Max Heilbronn,
, Professor A. Herbst, A. Schoeman and
M. . Wunsch.
The famous old JESSE MOORE' WHISKY la
recommend' by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
and the lady was removed to their home.
It will be a day or two yet before the
full extent of her Injuries can be deter
mined.
The boy who ran Mrs. Webster down
escaped without injury, and before those
who witnessed the affair could interfere
he had remounted his wheel and sped
swiftly away to the beach. The police
were unable to find him and nobody knew
who he was.
Earlier in the day S. H. Tarr of 1404
Van Ness avenue was run down by a bi
cyclist in the park and was treated at
the Park Hospital for a contusion on the
right side of the chest.
J. S. Morris of 414 Capp street fell off
his wheel while riding in the park and
tore some of the flesh from his hand and
knee. He, too, was patched up at the
hospital.
Late in the afternoon S. B. Davidson,
an elderly man. emerged from the park
panhandle onto Fell street, when he was
struck by a bicyclist and thrown to the
pavement with great violence. . He was
picked up unconscious and taken to the
Park Hospital, where he was soon re
stored sufficiently to depart for hia home.
The bicyclist, who declined to give his
name, was badly cut about the head and
mouth, but he pluckily rendered all the
assistance to Davidson that lay in his
power. The collision was purely acci
dental, for the old man stepped from the
badge directly In front of the wheelman*
AD VEBTTSEMENTS.
LINEN
DEPARTMENT:
...SPECIAL OFFERING...
— OF — ■
Fine Housekeeping Linens.
On Monday, March 6th, and following days, we will
offer some SPECIAL VALUES in extra qualities IRISH
AND GERMAN LINENS, and invite particular attention
to the following :
1 Case 72-INCH BLEACHED SATIN TABLE &A fkf\ V «W!
damask <J>l.uu Yard.
150 Dozen 3-4x3-4 BLEACHED SATIN <£O HA n^__^
DAMASK NAPKINS 3>O.UU DOZ6II.
1 Case BLEACHED LINEN DAMASK.TABLE _^ '
CLOTHS, size 2 yards by 3 yards $3 75 Each
(extra quality) «*'*■'• IcJ nacn.
50 Dozen GERMAN DAMASK TOWELS, &fi (\(\ n^
satin finish, with knotted fringes q>O.UU Dozen.
1 Case Extra Size LINEN DAMASK TOW-
ELS, knotted fringes and assorted $3.00 Dozen.
borders <J>O.UU Dozen.
200 Dozen LINEN HUCK TOWELS, both <£O f\f\ n/%rF<>^
hemmed and fringed, extra heavy.... q>^i.UU UOZen.
2 Cases IRISH GLASS LINENS, assorted colors,
12le, 15c, 20c and 25c Yard.
50 Dozen Extra Size BLEACHED TURK- fl>O 7c nr% __^
ish TOWELS v«»/9 Dozen.
I Case 20-INCH TWILLED IRISH LINEN 4r n Vo ,
toweling 100 xara.
We are also showing an elegant assortment of
LINEN SCARFS, TRAY CLOTHS, DOYLIES, PILLOW-
CASES, PILLOW-SHAMS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS,
FINGER-BOWL DOYLIES, TEA CLOTHS and DAM-
ASK SETS.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
eOLDBEBg. BOWEN * COS SPECIAL BAYING SALE
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
& CD
A merchant must have capital to
start In business — he must have
the confidence of the public if he
remains in business
We value our good name and are
very careful what kind of goods we
sell
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Blend 2j}4c
reg'ly'3sc Ib 3-lb can 9£C
Not bitter and black
Full of life and flavor
reg'ly special
Bourbon^Ofd Crow 1889 bot $1 25 $1 00
" " gal .5 00 400
Rye Hermitage 886 bot 150 115
" gal 600 450
FruitS— Our Choice ■ I£ C
reg'ry aoc can
For table use — surely very reasonable
for a rich dessert
peaches pears apricots quinces plums
Tomato catsup bottle i re
f bottled here — medium hot— sweet
reg'ly aoc
Roy an S— la Vatel I£c
reg'ly 20c tin
Little sardines with truffle and pickle
appetizing
Vermouth— ' 60c
"g'ly 65c bottk a bots $1 I £
Quite necessary if you blend cocktails
at home
Appetit sild i2#c
reg'ly 1 5c can"
A novelty in fish to many persons
Ripe olives quart 20c
reg'ly 25c— whole
Some prefer them to Spanish Queen
You should serve each
(serve rlp« olives on cracked Ice)
SpratS— oil 12% C
reg'ly 15c
Smoked sardines In oil
Alkethrepta-chocoiate 20c
reg'ly 25c can
Pleasant to drink— no bad after effects
Asparagus tips ioc
reg'ly 12JC
For flavoring soups— novelty for
salads ■
Bran bags— made in France 2OC
reg'ly 25c
; Puts health and pleasure in the bath
Moth SOap-reg.'ly 15c lOC
Cleans carpets silks and woolens
Finnan haddies-boneiess 12 l /c
reg'ly 15c Ib / " ■
New shipment Just In
Schepp"s cocoanut
marked down from 30c 1 to 22 Ac
This cocoanut has the real flavor of
the fresh fruit
Tea canister— bronze
*5 C . 2OC 25c
§Ingc coy<ir-rajf $Jgh| j
GOLDBERG. BOWEN ft COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Pails— indurated fiber 30C
regularly 40c
Very durable— dont crack
Big illustrated catalogue for a postal
43* Pine 215 Suiter »800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Beware of Imitations
«? r v,P^L
JOHN WVCMPS BONS, team. NEW VOftK.
Eye=olass Anchor.
That's what the new Clip really is— new,
perfect, ; rlght-up-to-the-moment anchor. It
holds the eyeglasses firmly In place with never
a slip or a tilt or a waver, and no pinching.
Attached for 60c.
Good eyeglasses, too. Skillful, careful work
In every part.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick, repairing.
Phone Main 10. ''-2'
642 Market St. instructs
gw PALACE wjj
Igrand «mMk&§
£ BA9 FAA/tC/eCO. q
V Conctckd by a corwmd p»aMq{ew«|\ «
P WOO Rooms— 9oo With Both At««ch«d. **
D AH XJud&t On« M&r.ts«»B»t. C
ft FOX 3 tTHB P&IOE81 Q
Si European Fl»n.f I.QO per flay «a« I ***;} n
V American Flan. £B.oo per da *^ d apwmra M
ft ' C/Qnxtpondcxro* Solicited. Q
h roa» 0. siasPAsaios, »*»»»«. q
OQ qQ 000 OQQOOOOOOO-P
I DB.PIERCES
GOLDEN
• MEDICAL '
DISCOVERY
FOB THE .^^^
I BLOOP,UVE««B-^^ G^l
'mirauLTY.
THIS WELL,-KNOW« ANP RKUAaf.KQU)
I .sin-HiUliitfMrff*PrlvnW, .Nt'rroiu. »n< Blood Ol».
mjiw o; Men only. Book on I'rlvtuo t)|»«tt«>a and.
\\V»i!;ii«»ii)ra of Meu.freo, OverSOy'rs'pjipßrionoa.
Pnllftita Horn?, Tfririß ronxt)imiilt«, Hourdß
to 3 dally : 8.80 to 8:»0 nv'fs. Si!'ii!,iv», 10 to 12, ConiuJ.
taUonfi'ce and sacredly ooii!l'tentl«l, Cull.orftdcirtaa
P. KOMCOH McKt'liTTT, m.»,
BGHi Kcmrny St., Wan Francisco. Col,
Weekly Call, $1 nsr Tear,