VOLUME LXXXV-KO. 171.
THE MEN CHARGED
WITH BLOWING UP
MINES AT KELLOGG
Bunker Hill Concentrator at Kellogg, Idaho, After the Dynamite
Explosion on April 29.
SPOKANE, Wash.. May 19.— The
Federal Grand Jury at Moscow,
after but three hours' deliberation.
has returned indictments aerainst
the following as ringleaders of the
recent riots at Wardner which termin
ated in the blowing up of the Bunker
Hill mill and the killing of two men:
ED BOYLE, president of the Western
Federation of Miners;
DENNIS O'ROURKE,
LEWIS F. LARSEN,
ALEXANDER GRITLAND,
M. A. FI.IXX.
.!' ISEPH 1.. IXXMAX.
JOSEPH. B. INNMAN,
A. BINGHAM.
CH VRLES ANDERS! >N,
CHARLES ANDERSON,
PAT ADUDELL
ROBERT WILSON,
JEROME I'AY.
CH A III. KS I'.oSS,
CHARLES ROSS,
PAUL COCHRAN,
GUS COLEBURG,
• '. OLSI >N,
WENN BERGER,
WENN BERGER.
ANDY UK ('.M AX.
JAKE ANDERS! IN.
LEWIS SALLA,
JOHN NELSON,
ERVIN EDWARDS,
.Ii >HN S. EA RLS,
J( .HX ERICKSEN,
JOHN ERICKSEN.
% J AMES MATTERS* 'X.
NOW LUNA
SETS IIP A
GOVERNMENT
He Has Put Two of Aguin-
aldo's Peace , - Commis--
aldo^ Peace Commis
sioners Under Arrest.
sioners Under Arrest.
■ •■'•.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
BpecUl Cable to THe ''all anil "if N>w Yo*"k
Herald.* Copyrighted, VsSi, by James Gor-
don Bennett. • _ V»" , •
HH^-M-H^-r>fi> f♦♦ ■♦ ♦+ B :
X . LONDON, May 20. — A +
~t News agency dispatch from T
>*> Manila dated May 20 says the " a.
T Filipino Commission submit- "■' +
+ ted no new .proposition, but T
-♦- requested an armistice, which ♦
£ Otis absolutely refused to *
+ grant. - *
->^-.'.* '♦
■ ♦>.+,+,»+, ♦ ♦•♦ ++♦♦.+ + + »+_
MANILA, May 20.— Gen-
eral Lima has __._ Gen-
eral Luna has dissolved
the Peace Commission ap
pointed by Aguinaldo. Two of
its members, Buencamino and
Colonel Arguelles, have been put
under arrest at Tarlac, where
Luna's .government is estab
lished. Four other Commission
ers were appointed, who came |
into General Lawton's lines at
San Isidro. Their authority is
limited to asking a cessation of
hostilities. The new commis
sion is headed by General Gre
gorio del Pilar.
General del Pilar and Gracio <*on-
zaza, members of the Filipino Cabinet;
Lieutenant Colonel Alberto Barretto,
military advocate, and Major Zealcita, j
member of Aguinaldo's staff, arrived
this morning to co-operate with Flor- j
entine Torres, Pablo Ocampo and The
The San Francisco Call
HI »KEN LINDELL,
GUS OSLIERY,
ALEXANDER DAVINOVICH.
AUFEN FAGERLAND.
SAM METRITOVITCH,
A. AUSTIN,
WILI lAM McBRIDE,
WILLIAM McBRIDE.
CHARLES HAGE,
LARRY RULIATOR,
VIDO RAYENOVITCH.
EMIL FORSBERG,
FRANK BINGHAM.
JOHN M. FINN,
A. A. MATTISON,
FRANK HARTS,
NELS .PAULSEN,
JOHN ARMSTRONG,
Indictments were returned at the
same time against nearly 400 others
who participated in the riots. The in
dictments charged unlawful interfer
ence with the United States mails, and
are based on the fact that on the day
of the riots the mob stole a passenger
train and compelled the crew to carry
them to Wardner, where they wrecked
the mill, and then to carry them back
to their homes up Canyon Creek.
All of the men indicted are now in
custody of the State officials and un
der guard of Federal troops at Ward
ner. The Federal Attorney of Idaho
announces that the trials under these
dor. Yanco, residents of Manila, as»a *
commission to negotiate peace. They
are now holding a consultation.
- Colonel French, with : the Twenty-
second Infantry, has been sent down i
the river three mile.- from San Isidro '
THE CAPITAL OF FINLAND
View of Helsingfors, Showing the Par-
liament House of the People the
Czar Would Make Slaves.
HELSINGFORS, Finland, May 19. An impe
rial ukase just issued directs that the Finnish
Diet hereafter must only meet every four years.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899.
indictments will not take place until
the State authorities have pressed
charges of riot, arson and murder
against such of the rioters as can be
directly connected with such crimes^
To-night Governor Stuenenberg was
given a reception by the ladies of Ward
ner to celebrate the return to law and
"tier, which for years has been lack
ing, the Governor's party says, in the
Coeur^d'Alenes. . ...... ... .- ,«-
The Cbroner/s inquest "still continues
and daily. new and important evidence
is being brought out.
All the mines of the district are
closed down except the Bunker Hill.
Under the regulations in force by the
State and military authorities no miner
is allowed to work without a permit
and this can only be obtained on a
showing that the applicant is neither
a member of nor in sympathy with the
Coeur d'Alene Miners' Union. ,V t
To-morrow the hundreds of prisoners
who have been confined in box-cars
and a large barn will he moved to a
commodious wooden prison, which has
been under construction for some time.
Two hundred cavalrymen, who will
be used to patrol the district, are now
en route to Wardner. The mountain
ous character of the country has neces
sitated the substitution of cavalry for
infantry on' all patrol duty.
by General Lawton. He met the enemy
driving them out with the loss of four
Americans. . • .- .
Major Kobbe, with the Seventeenth
- ! ' . ;
Co .
ntinued on' Second Page
THE CUBANS
ARE LOOKING
FOR TROUBLE
Do Not Want to Give Up
Their Arms to the
Americans.
GOMEZ TURNS UGLY
A,
It Seems tc Be One More Case
It Seems tc Be One More Case.
of the Meddling of
Alger.
— ■ — .— — : ■
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Special Cable to Th,j Call an. l the New York
,' *• Herald. Copyrighted, .1899, by .lames (for-
tiori Bennett.
HAVANA. May 19.— was
learned to -night on good au
thority at General Brooke's
headquarters that President McKin
i ley has strongly objected to the C.v- j
! bans surrendering their arms to the
I municipal authorities instead of to j
the United States Arsenal, and pend- j
; ing final decision General Brooke is
! withholding his decree ordering the j
' surrendering of arms and the distri- j
; bution of money. The delay is again
| causing dissatisfaction among the
''< Cubans, and if the order as agreed
upon between Gomez and' Brooke is
not carried out trouble seems to be
imminent.
Colonel Cespedes, speaking to-night |
for Gomez, said that General Gomez
made an agreement in good faith and
with every assurance from General
Brooke that the new order of things
would be carried out. If Brooke now
changes the order agreed upon he will
be breaking his word with Gomez and
the Cuban people, and Gomez will ab
solutely, refuse to enter into any more
negotiations with the United States
and will advise that the money be sent
home.
It is possible that if General Brooke
had insisted on Monday at his meeting
with Gomez that the Cubans should
surrender their arms at the arsenal
Gomez would have used his influence
to have this done. Now will persist*....
ently oppose it and every officer, and j
soldier will stand by him.
General Brooke states that he has re
ceived no Instructions from Washing
ton and will publish his decree to-mor
row. He would not say whether any
changes would be made. .
La Discusion says to-night: "Sec
retary Alger appears to wish to pro
voke a conflict here. He Is more dis
tinguished in the United States as a
business man than as a politician and
his relations with certain syndicates
are well known. He opposes everything
that Cuba wants and favors everything
that would cause bad feeling and pro
voke excitement. His attitude prompts
the question. What does he want? Does
he desire a war here similar to that in
the Philippines? We are forced to- be
lieve that he only approves what is un
satisfactory to Cuba."
Alleges Self-Defense.
BAKER-FIELD, May 19.— The defense
in the Brown murder case began intro
ducing testimony this afternoon. Coun
sel In a statement to the jury indicated
that an attempt would be made to es
tablish a case of self-defense. *
MEN WHO WILL
SUPERVISE THE
DEWEY STATUE
Mayor Phelan Appoints the Committee
and Calls a Meeting' for This After--*
1 noon at His Office.
__>82-»-B*-o-S2-»-S2-»-82 ♦.«♦.. +82-0-8. ♦82♦ 82 ♦ 8. +.2-»-82>82-»-82*-82-»-S2-»-82-»-82*»-82-»- 82 VB2 ♦ 8--*B2-»-82*-82-»-82+82-»-.2-»- ♦82^-82 ♦-82^82^c2*H
♦'■, - • ♦
♦ \.v__/,V ♦
-«— _iA"';i.- -'* 28
I _ ill <$& Wmarbwßts* I
£• {rW^tt^Z. Cjtyaisb CouNTr of SanFka^ciSco- ss
♦. ra*sj&ifl CSTYA-- COUNTr OF SAN FrAMC'SCO- £
♦ "tift^^'VL'll JAMES D. PHELAN , Mayor, ?
♦ ' ' '^^l^m . JAtf .3 D. PK£LAN . Mayor, •* ' ?
| '" "' - ' sa« fr/«cisco.c». May i 9:1399,: 1399, *
" 28
♦. rv^AR SIR: Pursuant to a suggestion, in which I heartily X
I fv^AR SSR: Pursuant to a suggestion, in which I heartily X
1 |B concur, . have named the following comi.iittee of citi- ■£.
sV zens to meet in this office to-morrow, Saturday* at 2 &
■a o'clock, to formulate plans for the erection of a monument &
£ in honor of the United States navy, and particularly of Ad- |
28 miral George Dewey, U. S. N., whose victory at Manila Bay «
•J has so greatly advanced the glory of American arms and §
V American influence throughout the world. San Francisco §
; - will perhaps be the greatest beneficiary in the opening of f
a;; the Pacific to American trade, and this patriotic movement »
ss is well worthy the support of some of our citizens, act- ss
_. ing for all. 1 therefore appeal to your patriotism to re= 5
.; spond and be present at the meeting to=morrow. The list s*s
« is as follows: «
V Irving M. Scott- George D. Clark ?
v F. W. Van Sicklen Joseph S. Tobin v
♦ C. L. Patton Frank J. Symmes, U. S. IN., retired V
X Professor C. H. Murphy J, B. Reinstein ♦
I Charles Bundschu Claus Spreckels X
I. W. Stafford R. H. Fletcher, U. S. A., retired 1
-♦ J, D, Grant R. P. Schwerin, U. S. N., retired ♦
♦ Leon.Sloss E. W. Hopkins ♦
E. B. Pond Horace G. Piatt
1 Respectfully,, ¥
I
& U Mayor. ?
■♦*2+%*82+82+82-»- 82 82+8*^82+82 ♦82♦8. ♦82 +82*»-82-»-82+82+82+ 82+82+82+.C ♦„♦„♦„ -»„-+„*»„*-*-'»%-•- K « +\+ •.♦•_♦%♦•;<. ■
■♦82>82'-*-S2«>-82-»-82*- 82 820-82-«-82^82 ♦• 82 ' ♦82 ♦ 8?-*82-»„*82+82+82+ 82+82+82-«-.« ♦ +H '<*> 82+82-»-82+82^82+82-»-^ -* 82+82+82-0-82+82* B
MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN
, has taken the first step toward
the erection of a statue of Ad-
miral- Dewey in this city, by
appointing a committee ' of
eighteen prominent citizens to take
charge of the movement and calling a
meeting of the committee for 2 o'clock
this afternoon at his office in the City
Hall. •.-./."
Mayor Phelan •is enthusiastic over
the proposition, and he knows the ne
cessity of acting in such a matter on
the instant. He realized that with such
short notice, some of the men he had
selected to act upon the comittee would
have previously arranged to spend Sat-
urday out of town, but he believed it
would be best to hold the initial meet-
ing at once, even though there were
some absentees, and get the matter
fully under way. His wisdom is shown
by a canvass of the gentlemen, for all
but three were communicated with last
evening, and of the fifteen only four
or five found it impossible to be in at-
tendance. Every One of them, though.
is. in full sympathy with the move-
ment and will 'be glad to serve on the
committee and work for the. success of
the enterprise. "' £i.--;
Although the Mayor only gave the
matter twenty-four hours' considera-
tion, he could not have been more for
tunate in his selection of committee
men had he taken it under advisement
for. a week. All are of , the high
est- standing In the city and State;
men of wealth who will aid the cause
liberally; of culture, who will take
pride in the plan and will see to it
that the monument! is a work of art
worthy of the city nad State and of
the man. and of such energy that once
starting in, they win carry the project
to rapid completion.
To hear the gentlemen selected talk
one would almost believe that their
task was already accomplished. There
was never a doubt as to the ultimate
success of their undertaking, and all
were eager to begin the work without
an instant's delay. There will be no
lagging when once they get together
and map out a plan of action. i
Not once has the question of funds
been raised. There is not a particle of
anxiety on that score. The one senti
ment that actuates the committee is
that the tribute; to the great admiral
must be appropriate. The members are
determined that San Francisco shall
erect a statue that- for imposing gran
deur and artistic, beauty shall be un
excelled anywhere.
This sentiment is merely in keeping
with the feeling that imbues' every citi
zen. One has only to read ■ the letter
from J. P. Le Count given' below, '■. or to
listen jto 'the expressions of every man
he meets to convince himself on that
point. Two days have passed since the
subject was first suggested and the
idea has spread to every portion of the
city and is as rapidly spreading
throughout : the State. At every point
j it is received with the same manifesta
! tions of approval. No man, woman or
• child needs a .second to consider the
plan before giving it his loyal support.
In the. schools teachers used it as/ a
'. lesson in patriotism — lesson which
the ; pupils .loved to learn. "On the
streets, in the cars, everywhere the
Dewey statue was discussed and the
/first word of objection has yet to be
recorded... Men will not have to be
asked the second time to assist the pro
ject; few will need to be asked the first.
It may be only a quarter that can be
spared, but when the committee gets
down to work and calls for contribu
tions the possessor of that quarter will
go in search of an authorized collector
to deposit*!..
/ The Dewey monument will be erected
because there has never been a move
ment of the description that has ap
pealed so forcibly to every American
citizen as does this. .In no way could
the people express 'their gratitude and
approval of Dewey's achievement as in
building a monument that will speak
to this and to future generations of the
annihilation of a fleet that but for him
might have devastated these shores.'
Here are the sentiments of the gen
tlemen whom Mayor. Phelan has in
trusted'with the pleasing duty of car
rying out this' great work:
Charles Bundschu —
Shall we erect a monument to the
great naval hero? " Most assuredly;
nothing. San Francisco could do would
'. be more appropriate, and it will be
done. ■ I am with the movement with
my whole heart. [ Shortly after ~ the
great fight in Manila Bay I advocated
just such a plan and wrote an article
which was published at the time urg-
. ing our people to thus commemorate
. the great victory. At that time I
suggested the gore at the junction of
Market, California and Drumm streets
as the site for the statue, believing at
the time that it should be located in
GENERAL SHAFTER
IN HEARTY ACCORD
•QAKEBSFIELD, May. 19.— Major General W. B. Shafter said to-
night: "I am heartily accord with the plan to erect said to-
night: "I am heartily in accord with the plan to erect a statue
. *— ' to Admiral George Dewey, commemorating his ; gallant and
brilliant victory at Manila. '< T v ':,\-'":'
The people of the State of California cannot do too much in
honor of the Acmiral of the American Navy. When his country
needed his services, both as a fighter and a diplomat, he was ready
and served with distinction in both capacities. Although his ships
were on the opposite side of the Pacific, the victories he gained
were of vital interest to the people of California. He either sunk
or captured the only Spanish ships which could attack this coast.
Golden Gate Park, overlooking the ocean in the waters of which he
fought, is an ideal place for a statue in his honor."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the- very heart of the city, where it
would be a constant inspiration to the
greatest number of our citizens. How-
ever, the question of a site is of sec-
ondary consideration: the first and most
important matter is to secure the
statue. There are any number of cli-
gible sites, one of which will be agreed
upon later. I deem it an honor to be
appointed upon the Dewey monument
committee. I shall attend the meeting
•at the Mayor's office to-morrow aft
': ernoon prepared to give the movement:
my earnest support, and I know the
other members of the committee are
inspired .by the same feeling. San
Francisco will honor Dewey with a
statue worthy alike of the man and
the city.
R. P. Schwerin —
I have expressed to. Mayor Phelan
my warmest sympathy with the move-
ment and- the pleasure it would give
me to serve upon the committee. I
shall attend the meeting to-morrow
and will co-operate with the other
members to the fullest extent of mv
ability.. That we shall succeed I am
firmly convinced., for nothing that
could be undertaken appeals more
strongly to the patriotism of the
American people, and San Francisco
in particular, than this -recognition of
the incomparable achievement of Ad-
miral Dewey. .. "_.
Joseph D. Grant —
Joseph D. Grant—
I am. in hearty sympathy with the •
movement to erect a statue to Ad
miral Dewey, and will give it all the
support in my power. Unfortunately,
I will not be able to attend the meeting"
called for to-morrow by Mayor Phelan,
for the reason that I had made ar
rangements to be away from the. city
before I had been notified of my ap
pointment as a member of the com-
mittee. Hereafter it will be my pleas- <
ure to work for the monument until
j the statue to Dewey is an ac_*s*»
plished fact
Irving M. Scott —
Irving M. Scott—
U have already expressed my ap
proval of the proposed statue to Ad-2
mira! Dewey. I shall be happy to
serve on the committee appointed by
Mayor Phelan, and nothing that I
know of now will prevent me from at-
tending to-morrow's meeting. I be-
lieve the efforts of the committee hay-
ing the matter In charge will be
crowned with success, and that In due
time we shall see crowning some suit-
able elevation In Golden Gate Park a
worthy monument to the hero of Ma-
nila Hay
E. W. Hopkins—
E. W. Hopkins—
The movement to honor Admiral
Dewey with a suitable statue appeals
to the patriotism of everybody. I am
heartily in accord with it and will ad-
vance it to the best of my ability. I
I regret, however, that an engagement
to spend the day in the country, made
before I received knowledge of my ap
pointment on the committee, will pre-
vent my attending to-morrow's meet-
ing.
J. B. Reinstein —
J. B. Reinstein —
It will afford me the greatest pleas-
ure to serve on the Dewey monument
tommittee. i shall attend to-morrow's .
leetlng at the Mayor's office and I
aye no doubt whatever that the un-
ertaking will be carried through to
access. The people of. the city and
tate are filled with patriotism and
lis opportunity to appropriately com-
memorate one of tne brightest pages
in American history appeals to all.
W. G. Stafford—
W. G. Stafford—
I will ii" all in my power to advance
the movement to erect a statue in-
honor of Admiral George Dewey in
Golden Gate Par. It is but fitting
that we mid show our elation
of his splendid work in behalf of the
Tinted States Government. We have
been deprived of the opportunity of
welcoming him on his return to this
country, so the pent-up enthusiasm of
the people may well be turned toward
the erection of a suitable memorial.
The movement appeals to all the peo
ple, whether rich or poor, and should
prove a most popular one. I will at-
tend the initial meeting of the commit-
tee at .Mayor Phelan's office.
Claus Spreckels—
Clans Spreckels —
I shall be pleased to serve on the
Dewey monument committee, hough .
I shall be unable to attend the -ting
called tor to-morrow, as I have ar-
ranged to .'■ ■•■•' of town to-morrow.
1 am in thorough accord with the
movement and will aid it in every way
in my pow< r.
Professor C. H. Murphy —
1 am heartily in accord with the pro-
ject to erect ... memorial In the name
lof Admiral Dewey. It is a pleasure to
be identified with so patriotic an un-
iking. The name of Dewey will
always be accorded a prominent place
in the history of America. We should
have a bronze or a marble sculpture
to remind us of the deeds of valor of
the hero of Manila.
George D, Clark —
George D. Clark —
I yield to nobody in my admiration
of Dewey and his splendid victory,
and nobody more heartily approves of
this movement to honor the admiral
than myself. It will be a pleasure to
me to serve on the Dewey monument
committee and I shall attend the
meeting to-morrow unless something
unforeseen prevents. I am certajn that
the movement will be a magnificent
success.
F. W. Van Sicklen—
F. W. Van Sic Men—
I have already assured Mayor Phe-
lan of my acceptance of a place on
the Dewey monument, committee!, I
shall attend the meeting to-morrow
and will devote every energy to the
success of the project. It is a grand
idea, this tribute to the great admiral,
and every Californian will give It his
loyal support.
Cliarles R. Patton —
Charles R. Patton —
Mr. Patton telegraphed from Santa
Cruz last night: "I accept the ap
pointment as a member of the Dewey
monument committee and will return
to San Francisco to-morrow morning
in order to attend the meeting called
by Mayor Phelan in the afternoon."
E. B. Pond—
E. B. Pond—
I have not yet received official noti
fication of my appointment, but will
gladly serve on the committee. I
hardly think I will be able to be at the
meeting in Mayor Phelan's office to-
morrow,- as I have two other appoint-
ments; but if it is possible I will be
there and will serve to the best of my
ability as a member of the committee.
The plan is a good one. It is but
proper that San Francisco, the chief
city on the coast, should show her
appreciation of the admiral, and I
think this can be better .lop..- by erect-
ing a lasting monument than planning
a grand reception which would last but
one night and then be forgotten.
Joseph S. Tobin, R, H. Fletcher and
Joseph S. Tobin, R. H. Fletcher and
Horace G. Piatt could not be seen last
evening. Mayor Phelan is assured,
however, that all three will serve on
the committee and will lend their ef
forts toward making the movement a
■uccess. Frank J. Symn.es, one of the
gentlemen named by his Honor, has
just gone East and consequently can
not serve.
RINGS WITH A SOUND
OF TRUE PATRIOTISM
STEPHEN V. COSTELLO -I think
the suggestion of a monument to
Admiral Dewey is not only happy,
but timely. It rings to me. too,
with more of the true sound of patriot
ism than the Eastern voice now raised
in an endeavor to purchase a home for
the naval hero. That effort smacks too
much of commercialism to suit me. Oil
the, other hand . I have no doubt that the
movement suggested by The Call will be
hailed with delight and carried to speedy
success In a monument worthy of the
man and the deed it is to help perpet
uate.
SHOW APPRECIATION.
IN ENDURING BRONZE
BARCLAY HENLEY— There is noth-
ing you can say sufficiently strong
to express my commendation of the
plan to erect a monument in Golden
Gate Park to Admiral Dewey. He Is a
wonderful man— in my opinion, easily the
foremost naval commander in the world.
It is particularly appropriate, for reasons
so obvious that I shall not mention them,
that San Franciscans should j testify in
an enduring and magnificent monument
its appreciation of the hero of Manila
Bay.
PRAISE THE MOVEMENT
FOR A DEWEY STATUE
The movement to erect a suitable
monument in honor of the achieve
ments of Admiral George Dewey is
scarcely forty-eight hours old, yet let
ters of approval are being received. It
is evident the people of the coast. in
tend to divert the energy they would
have, expended in. welcoming ; Dewey,
had he returned home by way of the !
Golden Gate, Into, providing some me- j
mortal by which his valiant deeds may
be remembered. Appended are letters \
showing the high regard in which Ad- i
miral Dewey is held and the popularity
of the movement for a suitable monu
ment: /
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
The movement you have Inaugurated
for the purpose of erecting a monu
ment within the, city and County of
STORY OF SLAVERY
AND CANNIBALISM
Tale Told by Survivors of a
Party of Polynesians Who
Party of Polynesians Who
Were Stolen.
Were Stolen.
I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.VICTORIA, B. C., May 19— A thrill
ing tale of slavery, cannibalism and j
terrible privations on the sunlit south
ern seas reached here, by the steamer
Miowera this morning.. Late arrivals
from Suva say that two Polynesians
have reached Taviuna, one of the isl- i
ands of the Fiji group, who claim to j
be the only survivors of a party of
thirty-six natives who were stolen '
from the Andaman Islands by a Slav- J
ing schooner. One of the natives de
scribing his adventures, to an inter
preter told the following story:
"We were stolen. We saw a two- !
masted schooner come into the bay and
with thirty others we paddled out to
trade in two big canoes. There were
about twenty men in one big canoe and
eleven in the smaller one. I was in
the smaller one. When it went along
side the vessel, the white men dropped
a big piece of iron Into the canoe so
that it was swamped. We swam to
the large canoe and were getting away.
but we were fired at from the ship and
the boats came after us. Many were
killed and the canoe was sinking. We
then jumped into the water to swim
ashore.
"About twenty of us were caught, \
San Francisco to commemorate the
wonderful achievements of our much
admired fellow-countryman. Admiral
George Dewey, should meet with the
hearty support of all American citi
zens, and particularly those residing
upon the Pacific Coast.
Had it not been for the admirable
work of Admiral Dewey our partic
ular territory might have suffered a
terrible catastrophe. When Dewey
was ordered to Manila, to destroy the
Spanish fleet at that point the Gov
ernment certainly was considering the
Pacific Coast more than they were the
Atlantic. Consequently the destruction
of the Spanish fleet benefited the Pa
cific Coast more than it did the At
lantic Coast. We should in every pos
sible way show our appreciation of
having been protected, especially by
the accomplishments of Admiral
I >ewey and his fleet.
For myself, 1 desire to give the
movement my hearty support, both in
action and contribution. Permit me
to congratulate you upon the happy
thought that inspired you to start this
movement. Very respectfully yours.
J. P. LE COUNT.
■ Editor Call: Sir— l have read with
pleasure your suggestion of a monu
ment to Admiral Dewey.
In Trafalgar Square in London is a
monument about 200 feet high in honor
of Nelson. This square is just at the
head of the Strand and is seen by
everybody who visits London. I sug
gest' said monument be erected In
Union Square; that it be called the
"Dewey monument" and the name of
the square be changed to Manila
Square. Don't let this monument
dwindle down to a bust, as was the
case of the Grant monument. Senator
Perkins suggests a bust of Dewey and
a home for sailors. Cannot both a
monument and a sailors' home be built
by the people of this coast?
'England will erect a college in the
Soudan in honor of her successful gen-
eral. Kitchener, and after his death a
monument to him in St. Paul's. If a
sailors' home Is built upon one of the
hills of the Presidio, from which the
worn-out sailors can see the Pacific
Ocean and watch the vessels coming
into our grand Golden Gate, bringing
in the products from the Philippines.
they can say with pride. "I was one of
. the mi who was with Dewey when he
gave those islands to the United
States." First erect a mourjment to
Dewey and then a sailors' home.
Yours truly^ C. G. MINIFIE.
NOW LUNA
SETS IT A
GOVERNMENT
Continued from First Page.
and Ninth Regiments, is expected to
meet Colonel French at Araya. The Rio
Grande will then be clear of insurgents.
Thousands of ■ natives are returning
in boats to the captured cities, and even
to Malabo*- and Manila. They say they
desire peace and no longer" fear the
Americans. A Spanish priest returned
with many families, begging protection.
It is reported that three hundred in
surgents deserted Candaba on Wednes
day, retreating toward Mount Arayat,
ten miles north. It is also said the na
tives believed the Archbishop was aid
ing the Americans; hence increased
hatred of the Spaniards. The priest
declares that the native government is
better than: generally believed. Taxes
are reasonable and the government
paid its workmen and other inhabitants
for services as agreed, but all fear
marauders.
On Thursday night the insurgents
looted and burned San Luis. They also
cut off a signal detachment, which was
reinforced by the army tug to-day.
Mac Arthur remains at San Fernando.
The Nebraska Regiment returned to
Manila to-day for rest, having been on
the firing 'line since February 4. The
regiment participated in twenty-seven
engagements. including skirmishes, and
lost 225 killed and wounded.'
POPE LEO SEEKS
TO MAKE PEACE
LONDON, May 20.— A cable to the
Sun says: A dispatch from Rome to the
Daily News says that the Roman Cath
olic clergy in the Philippines recently
sent a memorandum to the Pope. ask
ing him to use his good offices at The
Hague to accommodate the dispute
with the United States. The Pope.
through the nuncios at Vienna.. Paris
and Madrid, asked whether the \ Aus
trian, French and Spanish govern
ments would undertake the matter in
his behalf. .Austria and France de
clined to dp so, on the ground that
nothing extraneous to the programme
could be discussed at the disarmament
conference.
GENERAL OTIS' LATEST
CASUALTY LIST
WASHINGTON, May 19.— General Otis'
latest -casualty list is as follows:' •
Killed— May _, Twenty-second Infantry,
„ Corporal Henry Langford. .
Wounded— May 5, Twenty-second . In
fantry. Sergeant. Peter Cosgrove. arm,
slight; Privates Carl Carlson, abdomen,
moderate; ' L, Simon Shueller, abdomen,
severe. Thirteenth Minnesota, May IS, F.
Private W. E. Tew, thigh, slight.. Second
Oregon, L, Private Frank Butts, thigh,
slight.- '. '■-■■:■..^Y:;.:.-.Y.-Y^>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899.
the others killed. By the time we !
reached Laueala Bay there were over
sixty on board. We were all taken to
a place up the river, and after a few
days thirty-six of us were put into a |
vessel and sailed away toward Levuka, j
so they told us. On the Way we fell j
upon the white men seven of them.
they were not English, being dark, like !
Spaniards— killed them - and threw
their bodies Into the water. This was j
while the vessel was sailing between
Naselai and Gau. We . turned the.
schooner back toward our islands, but '■
a big storm came and the sails were
torn to pieces, the masts were broken
down and for days and weeks we drift- |
ed unable to alter the vessel's course.
"We soon ate up the fond and days
and days we had nothing and no water,
only what we dipped up from the sea.
Many died of hunger. Every day we
put some dead ones into the water, and
soon there were but eight of us left.
One night we fought and two were
killed, four others died of- hunger and
measles and we two ate their flesh
At last when we thought we were
about to die, we were cast ashore on a
small island, near Taviuna, from where
we were brought to that island when
the men brought their copra. The
schooner is lying there a wreck."
The Fijian authorities will investigate
the story.
McDONALD MAY
YET BE SAVED
Fighting Chance for the
Guard's Life.
— — — . —
— * —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, May 19.—
Guard James McDonald, the victim of
Convict Oppenheimer's knife, passed ah
easy night and is restful to-day. His con-
dition is largely due to the ministrations
of a trained nurse, who was secured at
the request of Prison Director .lames H.
Wilkins. It is now admitted that Mc-
Donald stands a fighting chance of re-
covery, due solely to his vitality and in-
domitable will power. Dr. Lawlor states,
however, that in case of blood-poisoning
, following traumatic pneumonia death
must ensue.
With the news of the guard's chance of j
life the excitement and indignation lead-
ing to a plan to lynch the murderer has
almost subsided. Sheriff Taylor Is pre- ;
pared' to cope, with any difficulty that may i
arise, and staled to-day that twenty-five !
, trusty men were in readiness to serve the
interests of law and order whenever it
became necessary.
The situation here is unchanged. Cap
•• tain Edgar remains inflexible in his de
: termination not to place "Frisco Slim,"
i John Neill, "Jack" Wilson and William
: Phelan in the dungeon, and the guards
do not hesitate to say that the hatred
i borne Captain Birlem, who interfered in
the affair by request, is the reason for
I this apparent indifference. Not even the
fact that an unruly convict was found in
. possession of a dirk last evening has pro-
duced any change in Edgar's or Hale's
policy.
"If any of my men are afraid." says Mr.
Hale, "let them resign and I will fill their
places with men who are not."
The guards assert that this stricture is
unjust. They are not afraid, but think
It the better part of valor to take pre-
cautions against being stabbed in the
back when there is danger of it. At least,
so the guards say, the suspects should be
searched every day for weapons.
One piece of information hitherto print-
ed is untrue. It was stated that the con-
vict found with a knife yesterday was
thrown into the dungeon. Warden Hale
; and Captain Edgar have not even seen
| fit as yet to punish the prisoner, for it
. ! would be a tacit admission that theirs is
! the. policy of error.
It is stated on good authority that the
' existing condition of affairs will be drawn
i to the attention of the Prison Directors
by a petition to be presented at their
| meeting at Folsom to-morrow. Director
Wilkins has been appealed to personally,
but refuses to make any statement for
publication. .:':-
Guard McDonald took a sudden turn
for the worse this evening, and the offi
cials believe his death is only a question
of hours.
• _
PROFESSOR PERHAM WELCOME.
Important Educational Work for Him
at Stockton.
STOCKTON, May 19— The action of the
Board of Education last night in select
ing Professor F. E. Perham to be the
head of the local High School gives gen
eral satisfaction. Professor Perham is. at
present Superintendent of Schools of
Berkeley. D. R. Wood will also come
from the University of California to take
charge of the science classes. Professor
D. A. Moberly. who resigned the princi
pal-hip of the. High School, will, it is un
derstood, enter the Presbyterian ministry.
Professor Perham comes at a time when
he will have his hands full. A new High
School building is in contemplation and
there is a desire on the part of many to
rearrange the system of study in the
higher classes with a view of giving the
school a higher rating abroad. Professor
Perham will have a salary equal to any
paid in the State in similar positions. He
was not an applicant for the position, but
the board has had him in view for some
time. :Y~-:~Y
SURVEY OF CANAL ROUTES.
WASHINGTON, May 19.-Amon^ those
under consideration for membership on
the new isthmian Canal Commission as
engineers from civil life are Messrs. Bogue
of New York, formerly chief engineer of
the Union Pacific Railroad; Morrison of
New York, a prominent bridge engineer,
and Noble of Chicago, at present a mem
ber of the Deep Waterway Commission.
As the rainy season is about to begin on
the isthmus it is realized that- the com
mission cannot do much in the way of
active operations at present beyond mak
ing a trip over the Panama, route via the
railroad and perhaps making some inves
tigations into the comparative merits of
the different ports that must form the
termini of the canal. In the early fall,
however, operations will be prosecuted
with the utmost vigor and an attempt
made to carry out the. direction of Con
gress to submit a report during the next
session. .
GHOULISH CORRUPTION.
NEW YORK, May The. feature of
to-day's session of the Mazet Investigat
ing Committee was the' unearthing of an
alleged system of corruption in the dis
position of the dead bodies from a city
hospital, a ghoulish. tale that, was well
corroborated and replete with * detail.* By
several witnesses it was stated' that an
undertaker named Marren illegally se
cured the funerals of all bodies taken to
Harlem Hospital, and he was enabled to
do this by bribing clerks in the employ of
the city to break the rules. It was also
shown that apparently an acquaintance
ship existed between Marren and Messrs.
Croker and Carrol, "' « ,;
SURPRISE FOR
THE GAMBLERS
Opposition to Sausalito
Pool-Sellers.
( -• ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' SAUSALITO, May 19.— 1t is , predicted
that the gamblers will receive one of the
biggest surprises of their lives next Mon
day. Then is the time the poolrooms are
expected to open, two of ' them already
having received their licenses from Trus
tee Sylva and his satellites, Thomas and
Ambjornsen.
But the county authorities, at the re
quest of the better element, intend to
violate precedent . this, year and arrest
every man caught in any of the establish
ments.
. '.'We are going to make ourselves felt
this year," said District Attorney Mc-
Isaac to-day, "and to do all we can to do
away with this annual disgrace to the
county." . : .v. >• /
"If they attempt to open Monday," said
Sheriff Taylor, "I will arrest everybody
concerned and see that they are prosecut
ed to the full extent of the law."
The gamblers and their three Trustee
friends are also greatly alarmed over the
prospects of internecine strife. Broyer,
Glynn and Humphrey and Harvey & Co.
have licenses, but Trustee Sylva has de
liberately violated his word pledged to
Kingsley & Co. and refuses them a li
cense. As. a result Kingsley and his
friends are on the warpath and threaten
to make all kinds of trouble.
GIANTS FORFEIT THE
GAME TO ST. LOUIS
Gleason Questions Decisions and
Kicks So Hard That Umpire Burns -
Kicks So Hard That Umpire Burng
Decides Against Him. /
Decides Against Him.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING. .
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— XV. L. Pet.
St. Louis 20 7 .740 Baltimore ...14 13 .518
Brooklyn ....'JO 8 .714 Louisville ...10 16 .384
Chicago 1$ 9 .666 Pittsburg ...10 16 .384
Philadelphia. 17 1" .630 New York... 9 16 .860
Boston 17 11 .697 Washington.. 6- 22 .214
Cincinnati ..14 10 .553 Cleveland ... 3 20 .130
PT. LOUIS, May 19.— Umpire -Burns declared
to-day's forfeited to St. I>ouls at the end
of the sixth inning. Meekin was wild in the
sixth and Gleason questioned Burns' decisions
on balls. He delayed the game by his kicking
and was ordered but of the game. He refused
to go, and after waiting four minutes Burns
gaVe the game to St. Louis, 9 to 0. The Giants
seemed to have a cake walk until the sixth
inning, as the score at the commencement of
this inning stood: New York, 10; St. Louis, 3.
Meekin became rattled in the sixth and gave
live bases on balls and was hit for three sin
gles, netting St. Louis six runs. • Attendance,
2100. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Clubs- R- H. E. I
St. Louis.., 9 10 3 |
New York.... 10 9 3;
Batteries— Jones, Wilson, Bates and Criger; I
Meekin, Doheny and Grady. Umpires— Burns I
and Smith.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— Pittsburg won the |
first game to-day by hard. hitting and 'Wash- !
ington's errors. !In the second game the Sena-
tors found Hoffer an easy proposition, while
"Weyhing did good work. The batting of Dono
van and Freeman was the feature of the
games. Attendance, 8000. Score of first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Clubs- R- H. E.
I Washington • < 12 5
Pittsburg • ll 13 3
Batteries -Maker and McGuire; Tannehill and
Bowerman. Umpires — O' Day and Snyder.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Clubs— H. H. E.
Washington • l'> 12 2]
Pittsburg 2 8 4 |
Batteries McFarland, Weyhing and Butler; .
McGuire, Hoffer and Bowerman. Umpires—
O'Day and Snyder.
| . CHICAGO. May 19.— Four hits and two errors
In the fourth inning gave* the Orioles to-day's
; gamp. Kits m had the Orphans at his mercy
until the ninth, when Mertes' triple, a gift, an
error and Donahue's single saved a shut-out. j
Demontreville's and Mertes" fielding was very I
■ brilliant. Attendance, 3000. Score:
clubs- U;T7; R- h. c:
Clubs- R- H. E. |
Chicago 2 5 3 |
Baltimore •••• 4 10 lj
Batteries Callahan and Donahue; Kitson and j
Robinson. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
' LOUISVILLE, May 19.— Colonels held :
their own until the seventh Inning, when the
■ Beaneaters pounded out five runs. Stahi's bat
ting was a feature. Attendance, 1000. Score: I
! Clubs— R- H- E- j
1 Louisville 4 5 2 |
B *ton 13 18 1
Boston :...\"\V.\\\\\\\V.\\'.'.'.'.'.'.'.\'.'.'.\i IS 1
Batteries— Do wl ing and Klttredge; Klllen and I
I Bergen. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
1 CINCINNATI, May 19.— Ewing took Phillips \
| out of the game after the third inning because ]
i he .was wild, though only two hits and no runs
! had been made off him. Taylor, who followed,
! was hit hard by Brooklyn. Dahlen drove in
' six of his side's seven runs. Attendance, 4125.
I Score:
clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 5 13 ?.
Cincinnati 5 13' 3
' Brooklyn 7 13 2
Batteries— Phillips, Taylor and Wood; Ken
, nedy and Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.':; :i vv
♦
DICK O'BRIEN IS
DEFEATED BY WALCOTT
NEW YORK, May 19.— Walcott, the
colored boxer, who has deserted the ranks
of the lightweights to become a middle
j weight, knocked out Dick. O'Brien in the
1 fourteenth round of their fight at the
: Broadway Athletic Club to-night. Wal
: colt made a heavy concession of weight
; to the Lewiston man, yet he won without
! having to take more than, a half dozen
punches in return for the scores that he
! rained upon his man. Walcott took a lead
with the sound of the gong and, save for
a few seconds in the thirteenth, was
never, headed. He showed superiority, in
every respect and it was only O'Brien's
wonderful stamina and capacity to take
punishment that saved him from an ear-
lier defeat. Half a dozen times during
the fight and before the final, round he
seemed to be going, but every time his
strength came back and the rests revived
him. It was a fierce tight from the start,
yet it was so uneven that it failed to stir
the crowd to a very high pitch of enthu
siasm. Walcott showed improved form at
the increased weight and was wonderfully
clever.
SALE OF A COPPER MINE.
STOCKTON, May 19.— deal has just
been completed in this city by which J. A.
Fersom disposed of the Ne Plus Ultra
copper mine, nine miles from Madera, for
$125,000, the purchasers being New York
capitalists. Dr. Cross of this city was
also heavily interested. Copper is now
worth 19 cents a pound and considerable
copper mining property in this part of the
country has lately been disposed of at
good- figures. The mines at Copperopolis,
which have been closed for many years,
will probably be opened within a few
weeks. Active work is also to be resumed
in the mines near Campo in Cala
veras County, and prospectors are out
in the hills seeking new -veins of copper
ore. The company which bought the mine'
in Madera will put up a $150,000 smeller
and will commence work at once. .
Elks Visit Stockton.
STOCKTON, May 19.— arrival of the
San Francisco herd of Elks here this
evening was the signal of merriment for
the evening. Some time ago the local
lodge entertained the Fresno boys with
a banquet at the Imperial. To-night an
elaborate luncheon was set in the dining
room of the Yosemite Hotel. The visitors
number some of the best-known men in
the State, among them • being District
Deputy Grand Exalted Ruler J. R.
Howell. -■*'->:/•-'.- "^ -. ' „ '■'■
Winnemucca Wants the Fight.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., May 19.— The
Golconda Jockey Club has decided to of
fer $25,000 for . the Fitzsimmons-Jeffries
fight. This is $5000 more than | Carson has
offered. C. P. Van Duzer,; president of
the club, states that the money is read y
and that nothing will be left undone to
secure the fight. Officers of the club are
already taking steps to secure favorable
railroad rates in case the fight is secured.
We always • have bargains on second
floor in ready-framed pictures','- easels, al
bums,-lamps; and onyx tables. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.-- - • ■ •■ - - •'•■ - •
AWFUL FATE OF A
MARINE BLASPHEMER
"I Will Euchre God Almighty's
Storm,,, Swore the Captain,
aod His Ship Became a
Floatiog CoffiQ.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., May 19.— Dr. H. Martin Doyle of New Castle tells
a thrilling tale of the awful fate of a marine blasphemer. The bark Brough
ton started some time ago from New Castle to Coquimbo. Before starting
the cook and steward were taken sick with typhoid fever. The doctor or
dered them to a hospital. ; The captain refused to let them go. The Port
Health Officer was summoned and told the captain that the men would con
taminate the food, and the ship would be a floating coffin in a month, and at
any rate helpless in a storm. The captain pushed the health officer off the
gangplank and made for sea, shouting: "I'll euchre God Almighty's storm
and bluff the eternal sea if every man dies on board."
A letter from the carpenter of the ship to the doctor tells the rest:
Three weeks out we struck a circular cyclone. I was sick in bed for three days,
and turned out to find the ship tearing around in a wide circle at an awful speed.
There was no one at the wheel. I went fro the captain's cabin. He was dead. I
went: to the first mate's cabin and the second mate's cabin. The first mate was dead,
the second mate dying. I rushed below and the cook and steward were huddled in
the bunks lifeless,' all dead of typhoid fever. Myself and three others were alone
left. The third mate could not navigate the ship, and I was too sick, and for twenty
seven 'days we chased around in the awful maelstrom until the cyclone got tired and
turned Into a three weeks' hurricane. At last, battered, dismasted, a floating dere
lict, we were taken' in tow by a passing steamship.
The crew blame it all on the captain, saying he could not bluff the Al
mighty.
PEOPLE WANT
PURE WATER
»
Sacramento Trustees
Sacramento Trustees
Face the Problem.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'''.''' Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 19.— citi
zens of Sacramento. are paying consid
erable attention at this time to the
subject of pure water. The Chamber
of Commerce Iras called upon the Board
of Trustees for the appointment of a
commission of twenty-five citizens to
investigate the several water supply
propositions now before the city and
report which one, in its opinion', is the
best to adopt. Opposition to this ac
tion has developed - in the Board of
Trustees and the board has taken an
adjournment until next Monday night,
when it will say whether or not it will
act upon the suggestion of the Chamber
of Commerce.
Sacramento draws its water supply
from the Sacramento River, which
courses along its western edge. The
fastidious have time and again found
objection to the presence of mud in the
water, while others have gone so far
as to enter a mild protest against
drinking water from a river down
which dead horses and other animals
have a. habit of floating.' That Sacra-
mento needs some kind of a new source
of supply is conceded by the progressive
element, and, in fact, by all except
those who imagine that nothing can be
the matter with water that they have
drank for many years and yet lived.
Following out the desire to hit upon
some desirable plan the city recently
' voted $1500 for the purpose of enabling
an Eastern filtration company to make
experiments with clarifying the Sacra-
mento River water and freeing it from
objectionable germs. The tests were
conducted near the water works with
more or less success, but the people
have not thus far evinced much en-
thusiasm for this method.
Another plan exploited at consider-
length by the Chamber of Com-
merce is the securing of water from ar
tesian wells east of the city. Pumps
have been put at work to lift the water
from deep wells and a good supply of
clear water has been obtained.
Another proposition that has been
made to the city comes from the North
Fork Ditch Company, which offers to
pipe water in thirty-six-inch mains
from its works near Auburn. The water
is to run to a point opposite Folsom,
about 300 feet above the level of Sac-
ramento, where it is to be. filtered by
the gravity process and then turned
into a thirty-six-inch main, which is to
carry the water to this city, over twenty
i miles distant. It is claimed by this
. company that should the city adopt this
[ plan there will be no further use for
fire engines,* oiving to the tremendous
force which 'the 300-foot fall will give
the water.
Meanwhile timid citizens who do not
like to take "Sacramento straight" are
securing, in gallon quantities, water
j pumped from a locality southeast of the
city bearing the cheerful name of
j "Whisky Hill. Between drinks they are
| wondering whether the city authorities
are going to give them a regular sup-
ply of clear, pure water, or whether
they, will have to overcome their
scruples and drink from the river, as
of old. - ■ -
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Major Quinton Ordered to Join His
Regiment at Manila.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— direction
of the Secretary of War, Captain Harry
C. Benson, Fourth United States Cavalry,
having reported his arrival in New York,
in compliance with instructions hereto
fore given him, will proceed to San Fran
cisco on official business pertaining to the
commission of which he is a member.
Captain Charles L. Collins, Twenty
third United States Infantry, upon com
pletion of the duty to which he may be
assigned by the comanding general, De
partment of California, will proceed to
join his regiment in the Philippine Is
lands. :--■■='
Major William Quinton, late United
States Infantry, will upon completion of
the duty assigned him by the command
ing general. Department of California,
proceed to Manila and join his regiment.
Captain William E. Purviance, assistant
surgeon, United States army, is relieved
from further duty at the general hospital.
Fort McPherson, and will proceed at once
to Washington and report in person to
Major P. Henry Ray, Eighth United
States Infantry, to accompany him to
Alaska for assignment to: duty as chief
surgeon, District of Northern Alaska.
Captain Amos XV. Kimball, assistant
quartermaster," United States Volunteers,
now at San Francico, will report in per
son to the commanding general,. Depar
tment |of California, for . temporary duty
as quartermaster at the Presidio of San
Francisco. •
Patents have been issued as follows:
i California— Edward H. Chappius. Marysville,
cycle seat , and handle-bar fastening attach
ment; .William Cord, Dos Angeles, copyholder;
David C. Demerest, - Angels Camp, suction
valve; Charles E. Grapewine, San Diego, lo
tion; George B. Heath, San Francisco, elec
tric track and. wheel" brakes: Charles Kuhn,
Fruitvale door mat; L. H. and H. S. Landls,'
Orange vale, tree balling and transfer device;
Alfred Marks, San Francisco, holder for direc
tories, etc.; Donald J. McKay, • San Francisco,
shipping and delivery can; Charles H. Oester,
San Francisco, cleaner for sifter drums; Rob
ert H. Postlethwalte. San Francisco, = assignor
to Rlsdon Iron .Works," drive : mechanism- for
rotary grizzlies and separators; Howard B.
Smith. Fruitvale, boom or gaff for vessels.
Oregon— LuccnaM. Morden. Portland, sep
arate leaf book; Theophlle Plnard, Clackmas,
vehicle wheel. .. .
Washington— William Turner, -Wenatchee,
current, motor. '.:.'.
Pensions for Californians: Original-
Charles Wassmann, South Pasadena, $6;
Michael ' L. Nicewonger, Stockton, $8;
Thomas H. Welch, Berkeley, $6; John
Geary, Veterans' Home, Napa, $8; Abra
ham S. Heitchew, Los Angeles, $8; James
Conner, Tiburon, $6; Benjamin F. 'Carter,
San Francisco, $8; Michael H. Madden,
Los Angeles, $6; George L. Richardson,
Woodland, $10: Michael Hasson, Vallejo,
$6. Increase— David Kime, Santa Bar
bara, $8 to $10. Restoration and ad
ditional—Joseph F. Tvler, Soldiers' Home,
Eos Angeles, $2 to $6; Thomas P. Carlin,
San Mateo, $6 to $8. Restoration and in
crease—William Remley, dead, Healds
burg, $6 to $12; Alfred Barlow, San Diego,
$45 to $72. Reissue and increase Samuel
E. Coombs. Pasadena, $8 to $12; George
V. Coats. Armona, $12. Increase, special,
May 9— George Davis, Sari Jose. $4 to $6;
Edward Talbot. Oakland. $6 to $10; Elisha
D. XV. Shekell, Penrose, $10 to $14. Reissue
—Francis F. Bratt, Chico, $12. Original
widows, etc.— Belle Straight. Campbells;
Mary A. White, LatHrop, $8: Myra E.
Kinsey, Los Angeles, $8; Elenor F. Bar
low, San Diego, $12; Amanda C. Rigdon,
San Jose, $8. .
Oregon: Original— Sigler. Hills
boro, $6; John T. Caligan, Butler, $8; Wil
liam Zink, Scio. $6; Thomas Heady. Baker
City. $6; Marion Hackler, Riddles, $6.
Mexican War survivors, increase
—James R. Boss, Rockpoint, $8 to $12.
War with Spain, widows— Emma L. Dar
row, Portland, $12. Increase— George XV.
Sperry, Gold Hill, $8 to $10; William F.
Brayton, Ely. $12 to $17; Riley Winfrey,
Hazel Dell, $6 to $8. Reissue and in
crease—George XV. Gould. Salem, $6 to $8;
Renewal and increase Mark H. Meyers,
Portland, $8. Original widows, etc.—Ag
nes McAilaster, Portland, $12.
Washington: Original— David B. Mor
rell, Olympia, $8; special May 8, Oliver C.
Rinker, Spokane, $S: George B. Nichols,
Orting, $•'; James Parvin, Colfax, $S; Al
son B. Bumpus, Latah, $8. Increase— John
S. M. Foster. North Yakima, $8 to $12. Re
issue—Dewitt C. Bennett, Seattle, $12;
Harvey A. Bishop, Dayton. $6. Original
widows, etc.— Maria J. Stroud, Tacoma, $8.
BREACH OF PROMISE
DEMURRER SUSTAINED
SANTA BARBARA. May 19.— Con
nell-Douglas breach of promise case was
again before the Superior Court to-day.
It came up on demurrer. Two weeks ago
the plaintiff had been given permission to
amend his complaint in order to bring out
more fully the time at which. Louisa
Keutzler gave him her promise of mar
riage, and this amended complaint was
subject to a demurrer, which was ar
gued to-day. It sets forth that the cause
of the action is barred by the statute of
limitation, which provides that a breach
of promise suit must be commenced with
in two years after the promise is broken.
The amended complaint states that the
promise to marry was given in July.
1896, but it was not, to the satisfaction of
the defense, stated when the engagement
was declared off. The plaintiff's attor
ney said that the complaint stated con
cisely that the engagement was broken
off when Miss Keutzler married Mr.
Douglas in August, 1897. thus coming
within the two-year limitation. The de
fense held that the complaint contained
allegations that the defendant had pre
vious to the Douglas marriage pressed
his claim and had been as frequently re
jected by the now Mrs. Douglas, and that
the promise was therefore broken before
the marriage and more than two years
before the action was commenced. The
court sustained the demurrer and the
plaintiff was given ten days in which to
establish more clearly the date upon
which the engagement was broken.
SAM ERTEL'S CRIME.
STOCKTON, May 19.— Sam Ertel was
arrested by Sheriff Sibley early this
morning just east of town on suspicion
that he was the man who last night at
tempted to assassinate Clarence L.
Thompson while the latter was sitting
in his home at Holden.
The suspicions of the officers were
aroused when they noticed Ertel's appar
ent uneasiness as they approached him.
His own agitation. gave him away. At
the jail he said:
"Yes, I did shoot Thompson. If it had
been a little bit lighter I would have
killed the — , too. Thompson
swindled me," he continued. "We were
partners together in fourteen acres of
land out there and he did me up."
Some time ago Ertel sold his share to
another, but there has been bad blood be
tween the men ever since their copartner
ship. „ ' -:
After firing the three shots at Thomp
son in the dark and then fleeing. Ertel
headed for this -city. He slept in a hay
cock last night and was making his wav
here after his night's rest when cap
tured. On his person was the pistol
which did the work. It had all six cham
bers loaded and Ertel had several extra
cartridges in his pocket.
DREYFUS UNFAIRLY TREATED.
NEW YORK, May 19.— A cable to the
Sun from Paris says: The .Figaro this
morning reviews the proceedings of the
court-martial which condemned Dreyfus,
who it says 'was not confronted by even
a single witness out of the twenty-three
who testified. All of these were military
men except Cochefprt. The paper recalls
the various incidents of the trial, show
ing that Dreyfus was unfairly treated.
It recalls the effect of this evidence on
Captain Freiestaette, who declared after
hearing Henry's evidence, "My conviction
is formed." The paper says there was
probably never a verdict returned on
flimsier evidence than that given in this
extraordinary case.
SUICIDE OF A CAPITALIST.
SAN JOSE, May 19.— William A. Senter, I
a capitalist, committed suicide this even
ing by blowing out his brains with a pis- |
tol, the act having been committed at his ;
home while standing in front of a look- ,
ing glass. He had no domestic troubles ■
or financial worries, but was a heavy j
drinker. He was intoxicated when he i
committed the act. He was 66 years of
age and a native of Maine. A widow and
six children survive him.
Sugar Beets in New England.
GROVELAND, Mass., May 19.— A plan
is on foot here to form a company to be
called the New England Beet Sugar Com
pany, with the object of building a mil
lion dollar factory for converting sugar
beets into sugar. It is hoped to persuade
farmers in New England. to cultivate
sugar beets. Seed and $4 a ton for beets
raised will be offered to the farmers.
France's New President.
President I^oubet, ~ the new President of
France. Is. if anything, calm, sane, a trifle
bourgeois and utterly • devoid of sense of self
importance. But there is a strong and irre- !
sistible will behind his bland face, and he
look- like a man who would infuse Into run- '
down French politics as: much vigor and new
llfe.-as^Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will into I
the run-down system of any one who uses it. !
It Is an absolute cure for the worst of all
stomach disorders. '
DISASTROUS FIRE
VISITS JEROME
Three Hundred Build-
ings Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JEROME, Ariz.. May 19.— The third dis
astrous fire to visit Jerome within the
past eighteen months swept a large part
of the business portion of this town at
10 o'clock to-day. The fire had its ori
gin in the office of .the Leland Hotel,
which was a twenty-room, two-story
frame building. It spread rapidly until
three . hundred buildings had been de
stroyed. . •".",-"■•.
From the Leland Hotel the fire spread
over two squares, destroying the Ryan
Hotel, Scott & Moore's livery stable and
ten dwellings, stopping within ten feet
of the Reporter office. "West of the Le
land is a business section where a uarg.
number of hotels, restaurants and sa
loons were located. The St. Elmo, Elite,
Arizona, Miners' Exchange,. Fritz's
Place, Fashion, Annex, Red Light, Sen
ate, Connor's, Neef & Mattox, all saloons,
were destroyed within ' a space of
twenty-five minutes.
The estimated value of the destroyed
buildings is $45,000. Twelve Chinese res
taurants and at least seventy-five small
buildings in what is, known as the Mexi
can and Chinese quarters were consumed.
The Are alarm was given by the big
whistles at the United Verde Copper
Company's smelter, and 500 men were sent
down the hill by this company to fight
the flames. The new four-story brick
building belonging to the T. F. Miller
Company was saved with slight damage.
The Hotel Connor, a two-story brick
completed within the fortnight, was com
pletely gutted; the cost of the building
was $.7,-00, insurance $14,500.
Dr. E. T. Cody, whose office was in the
Leland, was the first to hear the cry of
a child in the office of the hotel, and has
tened there and found a fire started on
a bed. He attempted to smother the
liames with bed clothing, and was pain
fully burned about the head and face,
but no serious results are expected. This
is the only serious accident known at
this time. : ' /. "
Larkin's large clothing store was badly
damaged; insurance light. Hoover & Cor
diner, proprietors of the Fashion saloon,
lost their property at the September fire
and were replacing it with what was con
sidered to be a fireproof building at a
cost of $17,000. The walls of this build
ing were badly cracked and its contents
destroyed; no insurance.
The owner of the Leland, Mrs. M.
Smith, Is of the opinion that the Are was
of incendiary origin, and arrests will be
made of suspected persons. "•
The individual losers so far as known
are as follows: The New York stor.e in
the Kuchler brick block, made almost a
total loss from smoke and water, the
losses being estimated at $10,000; T6vrea
& Clay, small loss; Lyons & Kooblock,
nominal; Scott bowling alley, $800; C. M.
Clark & Son, notions, $2800; Parke &
Lewis, barbers, $800; Neff & Maddox,
$2000; Annex saloOn, $2000; Senate saloon,
$1500; Hoover & Cordiner, $.000 on furni
ture and new building, $2000 on saloon;
David Connor, $5000; J. C. Lanham, Elite
saloon, stock and fixtures. $3000: Dora E.
Clark, building, etc., $2500; Hooker &
McFarland, St. Elmo saloon, building,
stock and fixtures, $3000; Jose Tam
borino, Arizona saloon, $1500; Red Light
saloon, E. Carroll, $800; Mclntyre & Co.,
$600; Fritz Williams, $500; Allen Johnson,
blacksmith. $700; B. Qulnjado, $400; L.
Reyes, $400; J. C. Lan_am, building,
$1200; Fannie Ewing, furniture, $800; Jap
anese Charley, house and furniture,
$2500; Jennie Bauter.; house and furni
ture, $2500; John Grace, saloon, $1500; B.
Beck & Son, $1000;. B. Boyd, furniture and
stock, $2000; J. D. Shea, building, $1500: J.
Noriega; building and furniture. $1500;
Charley Hong, $1000; Charles : Matthews,
barber, $1000; George Winston, $700. , ,
JAPANESE ON TRIAL.
The Plantation Rioters of Hawaii Are
Haled Into Court.
VICTORIA, May 19.— Miowera
brings advices from Honolulu that the
Japanese who were concerned in the big
plantation riots in which a number of
Chinese were killed are now on trial. A
jury was inpaneled shortly before the
Miowera sailed.
A new bank to be called the First Amer
ican Bank has been established. Stock
of $1,000,900 has been over-subscribed.
Legislation has been passed whereby
only one-half the labor on plantations be
performed by Japanese.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<<__ Rolling Stone
Gathers No Moss"
The attainment of 'wealth,
i social position or learning de-
pends upon . health, (And
health depends upon the condi-
tion of the blood. You cannot
: be well when impurities of
the blood clog every organ.
Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies,
takes out the vicious elements
and leaves the blood as it
j should be— the feeder of life.
Scrofula Bunches opera-
-1 tion helped my son temporarily, for scrof-
i ula bunches on his neck, but Hood's Sarsa-
'■ parilla caused them to disappear." Mrs.
I Lewis A. Carpenter, 51 Wadsworth St.,
j Hartford, Conn.
Salt Rheum — "Since taking Hood's
' Sarsaparilla for salt rheum and dyspepsia,
j I feel as well as ever in my life." G.
|W. 9vp.e, Tottsville, Pa. '
Hood's Pills cure liver ills ; the non-irritating VH%
only cathartic to take with . Hood'- Sarsaparill*.
CLEANSING, ~ /*_>
BEAUTIFYING. jM
The grandest combination on 4§_i»_, '• &^ '.
earth for cleansing, purifying * ifii"-^
and beautifying the skin, and
complexion is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No scientitio
truth was ever more wonderful .than the result.
accomplished by their use in the toilet and
bath. Sold everywhere. ,
•;d£E-aR_ _ RUPTURE.
_li_\T/__^ "2|&3 V S E NO MORE IRON
TSS^SLiLa^mSfr Hoops or Steel Springs.
K^—^^lS^S^ Rupture retained with ease
m^fAV^K. i,n<l comfort, and thousands radl-
8. IgkY* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
% /_* ''Magnetic Elastic Truss. [*_***Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet
1 No. 1. .- ..-■•/
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market 1., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
DKMCNULTYr
q*<HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLEOLD
_ specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
cuses oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men. free. Over _Oy*rV experience.
Patients curenat. Home. Terms reasonable. Hours.
to 3 dally; _» to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation freeand. sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrea.
P. It s C OK Mc_SUliT _V__.
««_ Kearny St., San Francisco. CaLPEACE DREAM
OF NICHOLAS
His Programme the Fed-
eration of All Nations
of the World.
LONDON, May 19. — The Westminster Gazette gives a
forecast of the Czar's peace programme, which for-
mulates an idea, practically, of the federation of the
world, with the disarmament conference as the starting
point. The conference is to become a permanent tribunal,
meeting every three or five years.
It also is proposed to establish a small body to settle
questions of fact, reference of which to the tribunal will not
be obligatory. The decisions of the minor body will not
necessarily be accepted, but it is expected that its conve
nience will make the practice universal of submitting ques
tions of honor to the mediation suggested.
lii regard to armament it is proposed to arrest their in
crease and to proportion military and naval estimates' to the
total expenditure.
Professor yon Stengel of Munich University, one of
Germany's delegates to the Peace Conference, says he now
regrets having: issued his pamphlets defending war and de
claring that eternal peace ought not to be the/ aim of cul
ture.
TIE HAGUE. May 19. Queen !
Wilhelmiha a:*d the Queen's j
mother will arrive here on Tues- !
day and will b-> received in great |
state. Her Majesty will give a.',
grand soiree on \\ ednesday in honor ,
of the delegates to the Peace Confer- j
The chiefs of the different deleera- j
gations to the Peace Conference met I
to-day at the suggestion of the I
president Of the conference. M. de ,
Staal. the Russian Embassador to j
Great Riitain, for the purpose of dis- I
cussing the business to be transacted 1
to-morrow.
The meeting at which Andrew D.
White, head of he United States dele
gation, and Sir Julian Paum • • . h ad
cf th? British delegation, were present,
resulted in an agreement to appoint
three committees to deal with the re-
.peetive groups of questions proposed
for discussion, namely, disarmament,
laws if warfare and mediation and ar
bitration.
With a view of facilitating the ap
pointment of the committees it was
agreed that each chief delegate should
nominate the member of his own dele
gation whom it might be desired to
appoint to the respective committees.
so that each nation should be repre
sented upon all. Probably the com
mittees will meet next Tuesday or
Wednesday to organize and to arrange
their procedure.
The opinion of a majority of the del- ■
egates seemg to be that the general
scheme to be presented to the confer
ence has been conceived in a broad and ,
liberal spirit; and the result of this '
morning's meeting of the delegation
chiefs is regarded as demonstrating the
good will and ■ onciliatoriness of all the
delegates is well as a common desire to \
facilitate the labors of the confer f
Perfect harmony has prevailed thus i
far regarding all questions brought
forward; .|
At to-morrow's session M. de Staal j
will read the replies of Emperor Nich
olas and Queen Wilhelmina to the dis
patches sent their Majesties at the
opening of the conference, after which
he will deliver an Important speech
upon the work of the conference and
will propose the adoption of the gen
eral scheme arranged this morning.
The various delegations met this af
ternoon to assign their members to the
grand divisional commit-
To-morrow's session, and all subse- ]
quent sessions will he secret.
DISARMAMENT IS
SURELY COMING
BRUSSELS, May 19.— Independ
ence Beige publishes an interview with
Professor Rudolph Virchow, the leader
of German liberalism, on the subject of
the peace conference, in the course of
which he is represented as having said:
"Disarmament is in the air. Sooner or
Inter It will be realized by all nations
tinder the law of development. The
programme- of Emperor Nicholas is
comprehensive and complicated, but
the fact that the powers accepted his
call is significanet enough.
"One factor in the situation is the
weakness of public opinion. j Nations
OVERTAXED AND
TIRED-OOT NERVES
Many Disorders Are Di-
rectly Due to Weak
Nerves.
HOW TO OVERCOME A CONDITION THAT
MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS EVIL.
Year, devoted to the study of the nervoue
■Vetera , and the application of remedies to
debilitated conditions of the nervous system,
has led to the discovery of the great HUDYAN,
the wonderful specific that nature lntenfed for
the rebuilding of weakened nerves. Besides
those dln-ases that relate directly to the
nerve., such an Nervous Exhaustion. Nervous
Prostration. Nervous Debility. Epilepsy, St.
Vitus Dance, we have weakened conditions of
the Stomach, the Heart, the Liver, the Kid-
neys, the Lungs, - that are' due to a weakened
condition of the nerves thai govern these
organs HUDYAN will cure all such disorders.
There Is no remedy on earth that will relieve
and cure Nervous Dyspepsia so quickly as
will HT'DYAN. In most Instances those dis-
order. peculiar to women are solely due to
weakened nerves HUDYAN will correct the
evil. HUDYAN has a peculiar remedial ef-
lect upon broken-down nerve tissue that no
other remedy possesses. ? .
HCDYAN will restore broken-down constitu-
tions. II will Infuse pew life and vigor into
weak, exhausted systems. HCDYAN furnishes
strength and nourishment for the nerves.
If you cannot sleep well or If you suffer with
headaches, you need HUDYAN. It will re-
lieve these conditions and remove the cause
of them within a few hours. HUDYAN Is
soothing to the nerves, and yqt it contains
no -otic drugs. The weakest stomach in
thie world will tolerate HUDYAN.
HI'DYAN is for sale by druggists— .Oc a.
package or six packages for $2 DO.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the ~,;J V,'
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting I
tho Hudyan Doctor* About Your Case
(Free of Chard.. Call or Writs. J
Li. .i-i — ii-__riii.ni- i- ■ -r>'<fS&_fl__9__M__
are led astray by a deceptive idea of
glory and honor. The United States
has lately offered an example of that.
A civilised land has been plunged by
the criminal agitation of brainless
demagogues and the incapacity of
„«_. The United States have sinned
against humanity and civilization.
"Let us hope [ that the Americans
have at ast recovered from their bout
of intoxication and will redeem the er
rors of their country. All this is an
illustration of the difficulties confront
ing the conference, but it will not mat
ter if success is finally attained. The
pence, 1 believe, will deepen the
study of the peace pro-blems and the
new century will be an age of real en
lightenment, civilization and peace."
THE CZAR REPLIES
TO THE PRESIDENT
1 HOT SPRINGS, Va.. May 19.—
special train bearing the President and
Mrs. McKinley and their party left
here at 10:30 o'clock to-night, en route
for Washington, which city will be
reached early Saturday evening.
A ply was received to Mr. McKin
ley's message to the Czar of Russia,
congratulating him upon the opening of
the Peace Conference at The Hague.
The acknowledgment from Nicholas
was as follows:
ZARSKOESLAO, May IS.-President of
" United States, Washington: Deeply
lankful for your good wishes and con
ratulatlons. NICHOLAS.
FOR A PERMANENT
ARBITRATION COURT
LONDON, May 20.— Daily Tele
graph's correspondent at The Hague
says: The chairmanship of the arbi
tration section has been offered and ac
cepted by Sir Julian Pauncefote, who,
with the delegates of the United States
and several minor powers, will insist
upon a permanent court of arbitration,
which will be the great success of the j
conference.
STOCKTON AGITATED
CONCERNING POLITICS
Democrats After Patronage, While
Republicans Read the Independ-
Republicans Read the Independ-
•/ ent Out of the Party.
STOCKTON, May 19.-Now- that the
municipal election is over the Democrats
are disagreeing between themselves as to
how the pap shall be divided. As the re
sults of the election remove any possibil
ity of this kind of trouble among Repub
licans, they are now trying to hunt out
the members of the party who went over
to the enemy and brought defeat To the
ticket.
The Republican city committee is angry
and last evening adopted resolutions sar
castic in vein, and virtually read the In
dependent out of the party for its policy
during the campaign.
Some of the "Whereases" read as fol
lows: ' ---'-. -
Whereas. This committee has felt, and does
: now feel, that It should have had the hearty
support of papers claiming to be Republican,
one of which has for years thrived and wax. 1
fat on the results of Republican success; and
Whereas, This committee feels that in the
matter •>.' journalistic support it can recognize
the difference between osininity and fearless
ness, between impotent, meaningless reference
to party Interests and their vigorous advocacy;
between that which Is neither cold nor warm,
and that spirit which places a paper In , har
mony with those striving for the best Interests
of the entire tarty, rather than any particular
clique; and
Whereas, We believe these facts should be
considered and hereafter remembered by the
party and It. successful nominees when dis
tributing the legitimate fruits of victory.
The "resolves" compliment the Daily
Record for Its able fight and loyal sup
port.
SUPERINTENDENCY OF
THE WHITTIER SCHOOL
LOS ANGELES, May 19.-In the selec
] tion of trustees to fill the two vacancies I
; which have for some time existed at the j
■ Whlttier Reform School Governor Henry I
T. Gage is up against one of the perplex-
In- problems of his administration. The !
outcome of the contest for the positions I
cannot at this time be foreshadowed. '
The plum involved is the superintendence*
of the school and the rest of the patron-
age at the institution, which is very large. i
Of the two leading candidates for the
superintendence* Dr. Barber and Sherman
Smith continue to make a neck and neck |
race. Behind Sherman Smith is United |
States District Attorney Frank P. Flint.
who has informed the Governor that this |
appointment is the 'single favor he has to I
ask of the State administration.
In Dr. Barber's Interest are arrayed
nearly all the. members of the medical
profession and others who take a philan
thropic Interest in the Whlttier School. j
The doctor made an., enviable record as
superintendent of the County Hospital,
and when he resigned leaders of the Re-
publican State machine promised that he
would be cared' for. This phase of the
situation has complicated the Whittier !
superintendence* so that it Is to-day tied j .
in a very hard knot. When the Governor '
was here a few weeks ago Frank P. Flint
made an urgent plea for Sherman Smith.
"Ask me ' something easy," the Gover-
nor is reported to have said in reply to
Flint's request. Hervey Lindley is said
to be taking a hand in the situation In
opposition to Dr. Barber.
Maus Coming Here.
WASHINGTON. May -19.— Lieutenant
Colonel Marion P. Maus, inspector gen
eral, has been relieved from further duty
in this -city- and .ordered -.to -.San- Fran
cisco for assignment to duty as inspector
of that department. Colonel Maus has
been on the staff of General Miles for
several years. .',.!•'
THE SAN FT.ANGISCO CALL; SATURDAY, _T__i^ 20, 1599.
MARYSVILLE READY FOR
THE SPRING RACE MEETING
MARYSVILLE, May 20— Thurs-
day. Friday • and Saturday,
June 1, 2 and 3, will be red-
letter days in Marysville, for
those are the dates fixed upon
by the Marysville Jockey Club for the
spring race meeting.
The business men of this city being
strongly in favor of the meeting have
contributed handsomely to i_s support.
The hoard of directors has assurance
that every county in the district, which
includes Butte, Colusa, Glenn, Tehama,
Sacramento, Placer and "Huba, will be
represented, both as to \acing stock
and the enthusiast in the sport. The
track will be in splendid condition on
this occasion.
Purses aggregating : $1360 have been
hung up. The programme arranged
for the meeting is as follows:
OBSERVANCE OF
THE SABBATH
Discussion Before the
Presbyterians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., May 19.—
Sunday observance was the question
which took the major part of the Pres
byterian Assembly's time to-day. Most
of the long afternoon session was de
voted to an earnest discussion of the
report of the special committee on Sab
bath observance. In the end the com
mittee's eight resolutions were adopted
with slight amendments, and two more
were added.
In the discussion the Sunday street
car, the Sunday train and railroad ex
cursion, the Sunday newspaper, the
Sunday working Presbyterian and
every form of activity which is not in
harmony with the literal meaning of
the fourth commandment was con
demned. Y'Y'Y'
Another special committee reported
that it had not been able to keep Con
gress and the President from granting
the Roman Catholic church permission
to erect a chapel on the West Point
Military Academy reservation.
• In the debate on the Sabbath resolu
tions almost every* speaker gave evi
dence of being imbued with the feeling
expressed in the words of the commit
tee: "The American Christian Sabbath
is in imminent peril; in fact, in many
of our large cities and in other parts
of our land it is already nearly lost.
This means that the American liberty
and American institutions are. in peril,
for of these the American Sabbath has
been both the foundation and the pro
tection."
Rev. Frederick A. Doane of Califor
nia testified that he never, rode in a
street car on Sunday and that he
stopped over Sunday on his way to fhe
assembly.
D. XV. Glass of Baltimore deplored
Sabbath violation by Presbyterians,
and remarked that President Cowen of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad,
which discriminates in favor of Sun
day travel, Is a Presbyterian. On the
other hand, it was pointed out that the
many downtown churches would have
to be closed if church members never
rode to church. /-/-•
As adopted the amendments depre
cate the secularizing of the Sabbath.
urges members and young people of the
church to realize the importance of
Sabbath observation; legislatures and
Congress are urged to protect > the
American Sabbath; the American Sab
bath Union and the Women's; National
Sabbath Alliance are commended;
every pastor is recommended to preach
on Sabbath observance on some Sab
bath of next October and take a col
lection for the Sabbath Union; the
board of publication is requested to
prevail on Sabbath-school superintend
ents to use a specific Sabbath observ
ance leaflet; sympathy is expressed
with three million Americans who, be
cause of Sabbath desecration, are com
pelled to do secular work on the Sab
bath. \ ' . .'• /
President McKinley-'s attention is re
spectfully called to the fact that em
ployes of the Postoffice and many other
departments of the Government are
compelled to work on Sunday.
The McGlffert case, contrary to ex
pectations, was not reached to-day. It
is likely to 'come up through the read
ing of Dr. McGiffert's letter to-morrow
morfcing. • . .-
To-night the commissioners attended
a great public Sabbath observation
meeting In Westminster Church.
The moderator of the General Assem
bly has issued the following appeal to
all Presbyterian churches in the United
States:
Inasmuch as all boards' of our church
have closed the year without any Indebt
edness save the' freedmen's board, I,
Robert F. Sample, moderator of the, Ge
neral Assembly, in session at Minneapo
lis. Minn., do hereby appeal to all Pres
byterian churches throughout • the United
States to make offering for this, cause on
the Sabbath. May 21. and report the same
to me by telegram Monday morning. This
appeal is made that for the first time in
twenty-five years our assembly may con
clude its sessions free from the burden
of debt, which amounts to $40,000.
F. SAMPLE, Moderator.
Death of G. B. Macombe.
AUBURN. May - ' 19,— George BJ Ma
combe, one of the oldest residents Of
Placer County, died here to-day.
BAVARIAN 'CHINAWARE DAY.
Some articles cut -60 per . cent.
Some articles . cut SO ; per cent. ■-'■"
ODDS AND ENDS.- HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN ( IMPORTING I TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
A MURDER
PLANNED BE
POLITICIANS
— — «
■ • .
Startling Charge That Is
Made by the New York
Made by the New York
Herald.
Herald.
— ♦ —
WHY O'KEEFE DIED
WHY O'KEEFE DIED
— » — 'YYY
He Knew of the Plot to Kill
Superintendent- of Elections
" McCullagh.
— • —
Special Dispatch to Tha GalL
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 19.— The Herald is
informed on most, excellent authority
that proof tending to establish the fol
lowing startling statement will soon be
forthcoming:
That Police Captain John M. O'Keefe.
who died on November ,'5 last from in
juries said to have been caused by fall
ing downstairs, was the victim of a
most cowardly and brutal murder:
that the object of the murder was the
sealing of his lips because he had ob
tained information *)f a most infamous
plot which had for its object the as
sassination of Superintendent of Elec
tions John McCullagh,. former Chief of
Police, on November 6 — election
day; that when the details of the plot
are made ~ublic they will involve sev
eral of the best known Democratic pol
iticians in New York. ;
The intent of .'those, who originated
the plot, according to the statements
made, was to cause an assassination
similar in many ways. to the killing of
Robert Ross at Troy, New York, on
March 6, 15.6, by the notorious "Bat"
Shea, a political heeler. who. it was
said, had planned with certain , poli
ticians to kill Ross and his brother
William because of their activity at the
polls in their attempts to prevent the
operation of repeaters'- who had cone to
Troy from New York. Albany and
Syracuse to carry the election for. those
who em-Moved them. •
"Bat" Shea was tried and found guil
ty of the murder of Robert Ross, and
on February 11. 1897, was- executed in
Sing Sing prison.
The new facts which throw light
upon the death of .Captain O'Keefe. it
is stated, have been brought to the at
tention jof members of the Mazet Com
mittee, and the case will be fully in
quired into soon after the committee
resumes its sessions on May 31.
FOLLOWED THE DOG
TO A WATERY GRAVE
SAN RAFAEL. May 19.— A pathetic
little story is going the rounds in con
nection with the death .of Frank Grimm,
the popular young member of the Olympic
Club who recently met his death' in the
waters of the bay near Belvedere. It
seems that the"' Sunday before his un-
timely end the young man brought a little
blind terrier across the hay with the in
tention of putting the" animal out of its
misery. His intention became known, and
the fireman volunteered -to drown • the
terrier, saying that would be the most
humane method to stop its suffering.
"Yes," . slowly, replied Grimm, "drown
ing is an easy death; let the poor old dog
go." \-
The terrier, was encompassed In a sack
and dropped Into he: bay at a point dis
tant only a few* hundred yards from the
spot where Grimm afterward sank. In a
few -'; days - • the .-' sack - and *" contents « were
washed up on the shores of Angel Island.
FIRST DAY-First race: Farmers' trot
ting race; mile heats, best two in three.
Purse, $80.
. • Second • race— 2:23 trotting race; mile
heats: two in three. Purse. $100.
Third race— Running; five-eighths of a
mile dash.- Purse. $100.
Fourth race— 2:27 trotting . race; mile
heats, two, in three. Purse, $100.
SECOND DAY— First race: Farmers'
pacing race; mile heats, two in three.
Purse, $SO.
Second race— 2:3o trotting race; mile
heats, two in three. Purse, $100.
Third race— Running: three-quarters of
a mile dash. Purse, $100.
Fourth race— 2:4o trotting; mile heats,
two in three. Purse. $100.
THIRD DAY'— First race: 2-year-old
trot; mile heats, two in three. Purse, $100.
Second race— Pacing, free-for-all; mile
heats, two in three. Purse, $150. •- -;. -■ J
Third race— Running; mile dash. Purse.
$150. .
Fourth race— Free-for-all - trot; mile
heats", two in three. Purse, $200.
A number of horses are already
training at the track.
TO SEARCH FOR
PROF. ANDREE
An Expedition Will Leave
Stockholm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 19.— The Daily Mail
publishes the following dispatch from
Stockholm: An expedition under Pro
fessor Nathorst will leave to-morrow
(Saturday) for the nor.'.icast coast of
Greenland in search of Professor An
dree. After carefully examining the
region between the seventy-third and
seventy-fifth degrees north latitude.
th. expedition will proceed toward Cane
Bismarck on the east coast .of Green
land, in the hope of meeting Captain
Otto Sverdrup's expedition, which left
Christiana last June on the Fram.
Every effort will be made to find the
explorers.
COPENHAGEN, May 19.— Nothing is
known here as to the reported discov
ery, of a letter written ly Professor
Andree, the missing Arctic explorer,
said to have been found in a bottle
early last month on the northeast coast
of Iceland by a farmer named Johann
Magnums' -'V'- >
A letter in a bottle was found re
cently containing reports of last year's
work of Professor Nathorst's expedition
engaged in testing Arctic currents.. This
bore the address of Ernest Andree.
brother of the Arctic explorer and man
ager of the expedition. ''
SALE OF SAN JOSE
ELECTRIC SYSTEM
SAN JOSE, May 15.— The First-street
electric railway system was sold at pub
lic auction to-day to the German Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco for
$225,000. The sale was a forced one under
foreclosure proceedings. There was a
large crowd present when Commissioner
T. E. Johnson began the sale, but only
one bidder appeared. That was George
Tourney, secretary of-*. he German Sav
ings and Loan Society, which held the
Issue of first-mortgage bonds of $200,000.
There was but one bid and it took but a
few minutes to close. the purchase.
There is also a second bond issue of
$150,000, secured by second mortgage, but
there remains not a dollar for these .bond
holders. In fact, the Oerman Savings and
Loan Society, the tirst mortgagees, will
lose some $.000 interest. Out of the $225.
--000 received from the road must come $5000
attorney fees for Jackson Hatch, $500 for
Commissioner Johnson, $9000 for three
years' salary for Receivers Alvord- and
Findlay at $125 per month each, $190 costs
of court and $2000 for repairs on receiver's
certificates. There was some $18,000 in
terest due the German Savings and Loan
Society. •
The First-street electric system is about
seventeen miles in length. It runs the en
tire distance of First street out to the
cemetery, with branches into the four
quarters* of the city. It was built by Ja
cob Rich about ten years ago at a cost
of $465,000. Rich became involved several
years ago and went into insolvency. At
that time receivers were appointed for
the road. It has just been about clearing
expenses for the past three years.
The road was immediately turned over
to Mr. Tourney and George L. Barker of
San Francisco was installed as manager.
No change, will be' made at present, but
many improvements are contemplated.
Mr. Tourney stated that while the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society bought
the road, they would not hold it. and he
and some associates would purchase it.
-There are a number of buyers after the
road. Henry S. Burke of the Santa Clara
and San Jose electric road wants It to
combine with their line. Hugh Center of
the Alum Rock motor line is another one
desirous of getting it. If he buys it his
line will connect with it and the power
changed to electricity, with branches to
Alviso and Campbell.
STRANGER ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.
MARYSVILLE, May 19.— A stranger
who gives his name as Jasper Young and
claims residence at lone attempted sui
cide to-day. As he was trudging- along
the railroad track between this city and
Live Oak he cut a gash in his throat with
a pocket knife, and as he walked into
the latter place the attention of the au
thorities was attracted to the wound,
which was bleeding freely. He was taken.
to Yuba City by a Constable and a com
mission in lunacy will investigate the
case, as' Young says he. has been .con
fined in one of the insane asylums. His
age is 40. A silver watch and $4 in coin
comprise his effects.
From San Diego to : Hongkong.
i SAN DIEGO. May 19.— President A. ,H.
Butler of the California and Oriental line
announced to-night that his company
has chartered tne Norwegian steamer
Thyra for three years to ply between San
Diego and Hongkong. The Thyra is of
8300 tons and > has the greatest carrying
capacity of any steamer, in the ; Pacific.
She is new and has only recently arrived
in the ' Pacific' She is now at Vladivos
tok and will reave Hongkong on ' her In
itial trip to San Diego in about three
weeks. - ' : .- - ' 'Y"±ij.,ii^>
STREAM OF
GOLD FLOWS
TO WASTE
Midas Mining Company Loses
j Valuable Tailings and
Slu.c.s.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special* Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, May 19.— A report
reached this city to-day of a loss of
from $60,000 to $75,000 sustained by the
Midas Gold Mining Company at Har
rison Gulch by the breaking of a reser
voir containing many thousand cubic
feet of tailings and sluices. The ma
terial was in a liquid state of about the
consistency of syrup.
When the wall of the reservior gave
way the tailings and sluices poured into
Harrison Gulch Creek, thence into Bee
Gum and finally into the north fork of
Cottonwood, coloring the waters for a
distance of twenty miles from the
reservoir.
The Midas Gold Mining Company is
the largest mining concern operating
in Western Shasta. Its equipment con
sists Of a modern twenty-stamp mill
and a chlorination plant, and to this is
now being added a smelter. The tail
ings and sluices which were lost are
what go over the plates in the stamp
mill. Much precious metal is still re
tained and all of this material was be
ing stored awaiting the completion of
the smelter, when it would have been
roasted and then cyanided. The tail
ings reservoir covered more than half
an acre.
When the restraining wall gave way
nothing could be done to check the flow
of the uncoined money until the reser
voir had emptied itself of more than
half its contents. The sluices and tail
ings which reached the creek" will p_pve
a total 10-.s.
Captain J. H. . Roberts- of a river
transportation line with headquarters
in Sacramento, is the president and
principal stockholder of the Midas Gold
Mining Company. The company has
expended several hundred thousand
dollars at Harrison Gulch and is re
garded as having one. of the best prop
erties in the county. The mine yields
from $30,000 to $50 000 a month. The loss
will not affect the operations of the
mine or milling plant.
SELECTING SITE FOR
ALASKA FORTIFICATIONS
>
JUNEAU.. Alaska, May 12.— Captain W.
XV. Robinson, assistant quartermaster,
U. S. A., who has charge of the construc
tion of the Government fortification- at
Magnolia Bluff, Seattle, and at Port
Townsend, has arrived here on ,an impor
tant mission. It is understood he has or
ders to examine into the suitability and
practicability, for coast defense purposes
of the 1200 acres of land reserved by the
Government for a military post on the
peninsula between Chilkat Inlet and Lynn
Canal, where the town of Mission has
started to grow. Dp here it is considered
at admirable point of defense against the
powerful Chilkat Indians in case of fur
ther trouble, and also against the British
and Canadians in case of sanguinary dif
ferences over the coast boundar^- line of
Alaska.
Captain Robinson will also inspect the
': summit of White Pass, and make a- trip
to Sitka. The steamer Wolcott was char
tered for the trip. He was accompanied
by his brother. Commodore H. S. Robin
son. Alaska, superintendent of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. At Wrangel,
, on the way to Juneau. Captain Robinson
purchased, at a reported cost of $7000, the
light-draught sternwheel British boat
Duchesnay for use by the Captain Glenn
Government exploring party on the Shus
j hitna River, a large stream emptying
Into Cook Inlet. Captain Glenn's is one of
: the ■ Government parties looking for an
| all-American route to the- Yukon basin.
Captain Robinson was stationed at the]
Presidio in -1596, and has many friends in !
; San Francisco.
I __■—_■■_ _K_sB_ ■_ — ■ __H_— IB__— ___H_____B__lH-__H__B____H|
t__ n k__.b
\_v II _f_N_
NB^, S Sr^Ef
TH'BEE
■ ■ _f^__aa_i__a_
_BB____________23___K_u___H______n
i I I \\m\ j, IB I M _B
9 ik f_r-_B_firTfffn f_f^^ I ■
BWM *m —fll _. i_ » wl __k '— ' __JM__ _B__4_B- y'"'.^g-''::J El ,
WMMHMfcWMWwWJ— — ■— J— B _H_WBW_M_M_B_a_Br^^ yy_f_r-i*niBBI(M
JOHN BULL
IS BLUFFING
IN ALASKA
j Objects to the Dispatch of
American Troops to
tie North.
— — ♦ —
Special IJispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 19— The Herald's
NEW YORK, May 19.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: While pressing the United
States to agree to arbitration of the
Alaskan boundary controversy the
British Government has entered objec
tion to the dispatch of additional Amer
ican troops to that territory.
The controversy between the two
governments has assumed a more seri
ous aspect than is generally supposed.
While the President is bound to the
principle of arbitration and while, on
'■ its face, the case the United States
couid present would, it is believed, re-
sult in a triumph for this Government,
: there remains a possibility that the ar
bitration tribunal might decide that the
British Government is entitled to a port
i on the Pacific Coast— perhaps* Skaguay,
, of which Great Britain desires to ob
! tain possession.
In; view of the great commercial In-
terests of the Pacific Coast of the
United States the administration does
: not feel justified in accepting arbitra
tion and the British Government has
, been given to understand that this is
the President's way of looking at the
■. proposition. So far as I have been able
j to learn, however, England continues
| to strongly press arbitration.
With respect to the dispatch of three
companies of regulars to Alaska to pa
: trol the boundary line, the purpose this
i Government had in view was to pre
-1 serve peace and prevent conflict be-
tween Canadian and American miners,
which reports from Governor Brady
show is likely to occur at any moment.
It is probable, however,, that in view
'. of Great Britain's objection the troops
I will not be - sent to Pyramid Harbor
as originally intended, but will be lo
cated at a point accessible to the dis
i puted territory, so as to be available in
case of emergency. Y.'::Y'Y
In its representation to the American
Government the British Government
! takes the view that in the dispatch of
troops to Alaska the United States pro-
poses to retain by force the territory
which it claims, and that .consequently
I it feels in the interest of friendly rela
i tions between the two governments
; they should not go.
Great Britain had indicated that she
; has no intention of sending troops to
; patrol her side of the boundary line,
; and the officials here have no reason to
; believe she will take such action. In
; fact Great Britain, like the United
: States, is extremely anxious to have
1 the controversy settled as promptly and
i as amicably as possible, but she appre
ciates the imperative need of an outlet
.on the Pacific Coast for her great
Northwest Territory, and she is bend
! ing every effort to this end.
It is apparent that on the settlement
of the Alaskan boundary dispute de
; pends the reassembling of the High
Joint Commission in August. The ad-
ministration would very much prefer
: if the boundary question were left to
this commission to be disposed of. It
iis pointed out that the two govern-
ments originally determined to submit
the question to the commission and
though the commission failed to reach
a decision a further discussion of the
matter might lead to satisfactory set-
tlement. There are ..several other mat-
ters which the commission is practi
cally agreed upon and a treaty pro-
viding for their adjudication could be
drawn up at this time, but the British
Government is averse to making any
concessions unless the Alaskan bound-
ary dispute is settled. In other words,
unless a port in Alaska is ceded to her
! she would prefer the continuance of the
status quo. . .
Electric Vehicle Incorporations.
NEW YORK, May 19.— Seventeen elec
tric vehicle companies, one of which is to
operate in California, filed articles of in
corporation with the Secretary of Statu
of New Jersey- to-day. They are all
part of the Whitney-Widener-Elklns syn
dicate. : * -':
34
WELCOME TO
PYTHIAN CHIEFS
Sample and Carnahan
at Santa Cruz.
— —
MET UPON THEIR ARRIVAL
REMAINING OFFICERS ELECTED
REMAINING OFFICERS ELECTED
BY THE KNIGHTS.
4>
•; * *
Rathbone Sisters Complete Their Ses
sion by Installing Officers and
Honoring Distinguished
Members.
4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, May 19.— One of the
SANTA CRUZ. May 19.— One of the
most imposing features of to-day's pro
gramme of the Grand Lodge, Knights of
Pythias^ was the arrival of Supreme
Chancellor Sample of Washington, D. C,
and Major General Carnahan. They were
escorted from Sacramento by a committee
of two— Supreme Prelate E. T.
Blackmer of San Diego and Colonel J. P.
Abbott of the uniform rank. At the de
pot they were met by the City band,
Rathbone Sisters and the officers of the j
uniform rank, and escorted to the St. I
George Hotel. Later the distinguished ',
officials went to the session of the Grand
Lodge. To-night they were given a re
ception at -!.. armory.
The Grand Lodge was in session all the
morning and finished the task of elect
ing officers. The main tight wis for grand
prelate. There were five candidates, but
finally all but one retired, which allowed
Leonard W. Calkins of Nevada City to
carry off the much coveted honor. The
result of the balloting was as follows:
Grand prelate, Leonard XV. Calkins, Ne
vada City; grand master of arms. J. Stan
ley Brown, Redlajid.^; grand master of
exchequer. Steven Little, Dixon; grand
keeper of records and Seals, Herman
finer. San Francisco; grand trustees,
George H. Morrison of San Francisco,
H. E. Irish of Santa Cruz and S. Schooler
of Chico.
The Rathbone Sisters adjourned at
noon, having completed heir labors for
the session. The newly elected officers
were installed by Mrs. George Guthrie,
acting supreme chief; Mrs. Sally Wolf,
supreme senior; Mrs. Wesie Katzenstein,
supreme manager. Honors were con
ferred upon Mrs. Holmes, ex-grand mis
tress of records and correspondence, and
Mrs. Betty Nickell, grand mistress of
linance.
The following telegram was received
from the Grand Temple of Washington,
now in session:
The Washington Grand Temple extends you
thanks and wishes you prosperity.
KATIE CALDWELL.
The following resolution of thanks to
the citizens of Santa Cruz was adopted:
Whereas. The Grand Temple. Rathbone Sis
ters oT California, have Just finished a most
successful session in the city of Santa Cruz;
and
Whereas, The citizens of this beautiful city
of Santa Cruz have extended to us every cour
tesy possible, have opened to us their city.
their homes and their hearts, and have enter
tained us with true Santa Cruz hospitality;
therefore, be it
Resolved That the members of the Grand
Temp]-. Rathbone Sister, of. California, ex
tend to the committee and the citizens and
children of the public schools, Sowers of Santa
Crust our heartfelt thanks; and be it
Resolved. That this vote of thanks be spread
upon the minutes and made public ln order that
■«■• may fully demonstrate our appreciation of.
the active help and sympathy of. the citizens
of Santa Cruz.
LCCY HOLLAND,
WESIE KATZENSTEIN,
M. H. WELDON,
Committee.
With the adjournment of the afternoon
session the Grand Lodge's session for 1599
came to a close. Th- new officers were In
stalled by Supreme Chancellor Thomas G.
Sample. Supreme Master of Arms General
James Carnahan and Past Grand Prelate
William T. Jeter. Addresses for the good
of the order were made by the officers.
Resolutions were also read praising the
citizens of Santa Cruz for the generous
hospitality shown the Knights.
MRS. BROOME GETS
ANOTHER CONTINUANCE
Coming to San Francisco to Get Coun-
sel to Defend Her for Assault-
in an Officer.
in an Officer.
SANTA BARBARA, May 19.-The case
of Mrs. Frances Broome, the woman who
made a vigorous defense of an evergreen
hedge about her property on Micheltorena
street, that the Marshal was ordered to
remove, and was arrested on a charge of
resisting an officer, came up this morning
before Judge Day In .the Superior Court.
The defendant again appeared without
counsel, and although In the presence of
a dozen leading lawyers she stated to the
court that none was satisfactory, for she
feared they were all prejudiced against
her. Mrs. Broome was accompanied by
Hon. Elwood toper this morning. The
Judge addressed Mrs. Broome, inquiring
If she was ready to proceed, and in reply
the defendant handed the court an un
sealed letter. It was an affidavit in Mrs.
Broome's handwriting, asking for a fur
ther continuance. It read as loliows:
To the Honorable Court, Judge XV. S. Day,
Presiding: In the matter of the city of Santa
Barbara vs.. Trances I'roome. the defendant
asks the Honorable Court tor a further exten
sion until the end of the month. As advised by
the Court on the. ninth to secure counsel In my
behalf, I had an interview and letters from
different attorneys, but before -.finite arrange
ments could be ' made, I feared to ■ take the
Journey to San Francisco In .case I could not
get back In time -.- be ■ present this morning.
I leave by to-night's train an'! hope to be fully
prepared with my defense by the 31st Inst.
Therefore I pray the Court to grant the above
extension. * FRANCES BROOME.
Mi.- 13, .1539..- *
As ther.> was no place on the calsndar
As there was no place on the calendar
for;the action until. after the court vaca
tion, the Judge ordered it set for trial un
August 1. Mrs. Broome left this after
noon for San Francisco to secure counsel.
Hold .On to the Fixtures
WOODLAND. May 19.— 1t seems prov
able that the courts will be called upon
to settle a matter of ownership of desks,
lackers and other fixtures of Armory
Hall, put In before old Company F- was
mustered out by Governor Budd for re
fusing to take "the office" at Camp Bar
rett. A new company has recently been
organized and accented" By the State. The
old company members demand the sur
render of the fixtures or pay for them.
Two Knife Wounds Near Heart
VISALIA,- May. 19.— XV. H. Fox. for,
twenty years a resident of this city, died
suddenly to-day. Two bad knife wounds
were, found on his body tn the region of
the heart. An autopsy will be held to
morrow morning at 8 o'clock. _*__; was
at one time a wealthy man and conducted
a flourishing business in this city. His
strange death has. caused much com
ment. . . :-
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
EXHIBITS FOR
THE STATE FAIR
Circular of the Board of
Agriculture.
Agriculture.
— • —
APPEALS TO ALL COUNTIES
APPEALS TO ALL COUNTIES
— ♦ —
DISPLAY OF CALIFORNIA RE-
DISPLAY OF CALIFORNIA RE-
SOURCES DESIRED.
•
.
It Is Proposed That Visitors to the
Capital Shall See the Wonders
•; of the Golden State in
Great Array.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 19.— The following
SACRAMENTO, May 19.— The following
- circular letter to the Boards of Super
visors of the various counties has been
issued from the office of the State Board
of Agriculture In this city:
To the Board Of Supervisors— Gentlemen: At
a recent meeting of the State Agricultural
Society It was determined to communicate
With the Boards of Supervisors of the various
counties and ito request them to have pre
pared un exhibit of the agricultural products
and resources of their respective counties.
The directors desire to give the State Fair
TWO WOMEN KILL
TWO LITTLE ONES
The Story of a Frigbtful Double
Tragedy Corses Up prom the
Hawaiiao Islands.
£ VICTORIA, B. C., May 19.— A horrible story of two murders was brought %
g from Hawaii by the steamer Miowera, which reached here this morning. On ;•,
,0 Tuesday, May 2, a native woman at Waimea killed her little stepdaughter £►
g by brutally beating her with a club across the bowels. The woman had one g
child of her own, and had been in the habit of cruelly treating this poor un- ft
#» fortunate daughter of her husband by a former marriage. m~.
V Before the murderess could dispose of the body it was seen by a little <>
.* girl who had witnessed the end of the tragedy and who ran to a neighbor- *'
8 ing native's cabin, not far distant, and told of the event. A woman at the §
ft house, enraged to Insanity by the news, hurriedly went over to the place ft
>. where the murder had been committed, bent upon punishing the stepmother. c»
£ She did not attack the murderess, but, dashing through the door, caught up V
<,• the remaining little child belonging there and struck it across the neck, kill- £*
O ing it instantly. A
.* Both women now came to their reason, and swearing the girl informant **
„-; to secrecy, they buried the bodies of the victims. The matter might have <5
£J been hushed up, but the little girl witness told others of the affair and it ft
e« finally reached the authorities, and on the Thursday following the murder j*
8 officers arrested the two women accused and the next day the two bodies of O
•* the children were exhumed as evidence, .^
£ ■•« A
•!.0.!*o.!.0!-d:!;0--o:.-'c.-O%^^
a State character, and to make it as broadly .
useful to every section of the State as possi
ble; to make It a medium for the supplying |
of agricultural and Industrial information, the
promotion of Internal developments and the
encouragement of desirable immigration.
The usual attendance at a State Fair is
very large, and a great number of iwrsons
from abroad who are contemplating locating
or investing In this State, or who might be
induced 'to locate or invest here, come to the
SJate Fair to view the products of our State,
and to determine her agricultural and indus
trial possibilities. To the end that our. great
variety of products should be given proper
display and that accurate and reliable evi
dence may be given of the special products
of each section of the State, the directors de
sire that an exhibit of the products of each
county be . prepared by the Hoard of Super
visors of each county for exhibition at the ap
proaching State Fair.
a separate portion of the exhibition pavilion
will be set apart for these county exhibits, (
which will be set up by the society without
expense, and a proper and qualified attendant
will be put In charge who will present and
explain in detail to travelers and the general
public. If the county, or any Board of Trade,
Immigration society or chamber of Commerce
organized within it. desire to supply any liter
ature or printed matter for distribution in con
nection with this display, it will be so dis- .
tributed by the person in charge. it the
county or any county organization should de
sire to employ a special attendant for its ex
hibit no objection will be made.
As to the character and extent of the county
exhibits, the board desires that this should
be left entirely to the discretion of the county
authorities making the exhibit. The exhibit
should co_ialn samples, or displays of the lead
ing and most valuable products of the re
spective counties. This could .be done with ;
such simplicity or elaboration as the resources
of the board necessitate. It can be made very i
small and Inexpensive or It may be made much
more extensive and costly. In your county, for ,
example, your people are largely interested in
fruit, green, dried and preserved, raisins,
wines, wheat, barley, corn, hay, alfalfa, hops,
dairy produce, etc. Samples of these products, i
of such size and extent, mounted or prepared
In such manner as your taste and Judgment dic
tate, would form a sufficient representation of
your agricultural wealth. >
These exhibits, when properly prepared, will
be -of primary and principal Importance to the j
county making them, but when all. prepared
will constitute an industrial and agricultural
map of California, and will be of such gen
eral benefit that it is to be hoped that every
county will, with proper public spirit, con
tribute its share. ' , j
The State Hoard of Agriculture very much 1
desires that you should give this matter such
attention as It requires, and that you will doso
at a sufficiently early day to provide for thp
collection of all the different articles in proper i
season. The cost of the collection by you will !
be very small Indeed. You can make It as small
as the resources at your command necessitate.
The society will attend to Its mounting and
display, and will provide for its explanation
and presentation to the greatest possible num
ber of spectators.
Hoping; that your board will take this mat
ter up at your earliest convenience, and notify
the society of your favorable action. I. am,
yours respectfully. A. B. SPRECKELS,
President.
PETER J. SHIELDS. Secretary.
CAROLINE TAUZER
GETS HER DIVORCE
And Now She Will Marry Joe Par-
sons, Who Was Engaged to
Her Daughter.
WOODLAND, May 19.— A few days ago
1 Mrs. Caroline Tauzer Instituted divorce
' proceedings against her husband, Albert
Tauzer. The hearing took place before
Judge Gaddls last Wednesday. Mrs. Tau
zer alleged cruelty and other statutory
causes, and as Mr. Tauzer did not contest
the proceedings Mrs. Tauzer had- no difli
cultv in obtaining a decree.. Mrs. Tauzer
; left Woodland for Sacramento Wednesday
morning. It now transpires that by pre
arrangement she. met Joe Parsons at that
place and that together they left for Ne
vada' with the intention of being married.
Parsons Is six or seven years the junior
lof his prospective bride and has been
employed for some time on the Tauzer
farm. It is current rumor that he was en
gaged to a daughter of Mrs. Tauzer, but
that the match was broken off by. a sus
picion of undue intimacy between Par
sons and the mother of his affianced.
Since the decree of divorce was granted
It has beenMearned that the divorce pro
ceedings wf re the result of an agreement
I and that a'settlement was effected by the
It lias been learned that the divorce pro-
ceedings were the result of an agreement
and that a settlement was effected by the
payment to Mrs. Tauzer. of $8000. Par
sons and nls'wl.e will spend their honey-
moon in Missouri.
. —
SMALL SLOOP AND
THREE PERSONS MISSING
Report That Blanche La More, Ike
Winn and Fred Kline Have Dis-
Winn and Fred Kline Have Dis-
'vS. appeared.
SEATTLE, May 19.— An unconfirmed re
port from .Juneau. Alaska, says that a
small sloop containing three persons is
missing. They are: • -
BLANCHE LA MORE, a variety actress
of San Francisco. - ■. . '•. ■-.
IKE WINN. Juneau.
FRED KLINE, Juneau. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAT 20, 1899.
O'TOOLE' COFFIN
CONTAINED ROCKS
Discovery of a Daring Fraud to
Cheat Several praterQal
Lodges.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., May _..—The grave in which Dr. Thomas
O'Toole of this city was supposed to '. have been buried, in a remote spot
in Western Texas, on the. 22d of April last, was opened to-day, and, ac
cording to reports received here from the Texas authorities by the fra
ternal society in which he recently took out an $8000 life insurance, the
casket was found filled with rocks. wrapped in an old blanket.
O'Toole had a diploma from th.=, Chicago" Medical College and was a
manufacturer of, patent medicine and evidently making money. In the
past few months he took out $8000 Insurance in the Modern Woodmen,
Royal Neighbors and Woodmen of the World lodges in this city.- Two
months ago he went to Texas, ostensibly on business. April 21 his wife
was called to Sonora, . Texas, via San Angelo^ the nearest railroad sta
tion, by a telegram from one Dr.- Maguire, supposed to be the associate
of O'Toole, announcing the latter!s sickness. From Sonora she wired the
lodges. that her husband had died. and had been buried before her ar
rival there, and that on accountl of the quarantine she could not go to
the grave nor bring the body home. "£ ;'
The suspicion of the lodge officers was aroused and they instituted
an investigation, which . resulted to-day in the announcement that
O'Toole's casket was filled with rocks. The Texas authorities have ar
rested a man supposed to be the doctor, but information to-night from
Old Mexico announces his capture there. Upon receipt of the news of
the disclosures here Mrs. O'Toole'fled with her two children. The family
had been in deep mourning since the doctor's death was reported and
seemed greatly afflicted. The doctor and his family had lived here but
a few years and are thought to have come from Mexico.
SIX TO SIX THE
JURY REMAINED
Failed to Agree in the
Murdock Case.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, May 19.— After twenty
four hours' confinement in the jury
room at the Courthouse the twelve men
sworn to try the great Murdock note
case Were discharged at _ o'clock this
afternoon, having failed to agree. After
receiving the instructions of the court
yesterday the jury immediately re
paired to the juryroom and upon the
first ballot stood six to six, and re
mained that way until discharged.
It was evident the jurymen had a
warm argument after retiring. They
kept the Sheriff busy bringing in ice
water, and when the door was opened
two of the jurymen could be seen in
their shirt sleeves and there was evi
dence that a heated argument was in
progress. .-, •
j The principals in the case, together
I with their attorneys,, remained in the
courtroom adjacent the jury room until
a late hour last night and all day,
; eagerly expectant that a verdict would
be rendered. The jurymen were taken
j to breakfast this morning and to din
: ncr at 1 o'clock by the Sheriff. . -
An interview by Tho Call correspond-
ent of the jurors gives but little infor
i mation, as those in favor claim those
opposed ignored the evidence entirely,
and no amount of questioning will
bring any reasons for their position
other than improbability.
Expert testimony, however, seems to
have cut hilt little figure in the matter,
yet a fortune has been expended by the
: defense on that line. Attorney Free-
I man, for the plaintiff, as soon as the
: court discharged the jury, moved the
court to set the case for trial immedi
: ately. ' The court said he would enter-
tain such a motion on a week from
Monday. The work of seven long weeks
seems to have gone for naught, yet the
plaintiff's , attorneys seem . in good
spirits, claiming a victory, and are
| ready for another round. ; • .;
Fruit From Vacavilie.
VACAVILLE, May 19.— Tho first car of
deciduous fruit from Vacavilie for the
season of 1899 was shipped to-day by the
Earl Fruit Company: to New York.*, It
contained 1800 packages, among them* be-
ing two crates of Tragedy prunes, fcthe
i earliest on record. . ....  ,
1 IF YOU ALLOW
J A Druggist to "palm off" a cheap substitute upon you, when
g you ask for a Genuine Article, ho attacks your intellectuality.
j IF CONSTIPATED YOU WANT RELIEF.
1 IF CONSTIPATED YOU WAINT RELIEF:
NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
:$ NATURE HAS PROVIDED THE REMEDY.
I YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT. /
I YOUR DRUGGIST HAS IT.
$*' YOUR PHYSICIAN WILL RECOMMEND IT.
YOUR PHYSICIAN WILL RECO_v_VIEND IT.
n The World's Bost _fgqi,r. ■____■_- J__E B_ » -i" .*'' _..'' '
2. Natural ' '.HBin WßfiH J_3_. _$_„__ TakeNo
| Aperient Water fi_-i-l-^Cil__i Janos -::,;:,:..
HUNTINGTON
CAN'T ATTEND
Santa Barbara People
to Meet, However.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, May 10.— Hon. Ell
wood Cooper, chairman of the railroad
convention held at San Jose June -25, IS9O,
has issued a call to the surviving mem
bers of the Santa Barbara County delega
tion to that convention to meet to discuss
a programme for the railroad mass-meet
ing to be held in this city on the 23d inst.
The delegates are Hon. Ellwood Cooper,
Edward lvison and J. J. Perkins. The
chairman has already sent invitations to
the other delegates of the various coun
ties to the San Jose convention and sever
al have signified their intention to. be
present at the mass-meeting Tuesday
evening. The committee decided this af- j
ternoon to place the matter before the
meeting and call for opinions and discus- \
sions. . j
In response to the committee's telegram
inviting Huntington to be present at the
mass-meeting. the following was received
dated San Luis Obispo:
Had expected. to be with you before return
j ing' East, but will not be able to, as every
I moment will be occupied until my departure
You understand the whole matter, and know
j what is necessary to be done and on what
, lines It Should be done just as well without me
as though J were there. - - - . v -
C. P. HUNTINGTON.
Much interest is bemg taken in the com-
ing meeting, and all property-owners
along the unfinished road will be present.
The Southern Pacific will be represented
by its attorneys, and -in the meantime the
work of construction is going rapidly on.
It has been given out by a high official
of the Southern Pacific that the demands
of 1.. G. Dreyfus have been so changed
as to be agreeable to both parties. Tho
contractors who have the contract for the
work beyond that of Contractor McCor-
mick will not be set to work until the oth
: er demands have been settled.
Contractor McCormick has added about
i twenty-five men to his force and as many
teams. He will add as many more as will
apply to him for work, lie states that
I there is no danger of the work being
i stopped, hut said that the worst that can
happen would be a delay caused by the
right of way difficulty. He further said
that should the right of way difficult v be
, disposed of that the men will be working
; along the entire road from Elwood to
\ Surf.
GERMAN WARSHIP
GOES ON A REEF
The Kormoran, Ordered to Samoa in
a Hurry, Runs to Australia
for Repairs.
for Repairs. \i v.
/VANCOUVER, B. ('.. May 19.-The Ger
man warship Kormoran will not take
part in the Samoan difficulties for some
time to come. . She was ordered in a
hurry for Samoa by the German Admir
alty from China. En route she called at
German New Guinea, and after, leaving
there ran clean on Whirlwind reef, plain
ly marked on the chart and known as a
dangerous spot to all navigators. For
twenty-four hours the commander was at
his wits' ends, but finally had both masts
cut away and ail her machinery, the
steering gear and refrigerator .machine
jettisoned. The ship went on March 24
and was hauled off on the 31st, being high
and dry for nix days and nights. Just as
it had been decided to consign a few of
her guns to the deep she was floated. She
is now in Morts' dock, Sydney. In the
dock she shows the. keel completely torn
away and her bottom badly damaged
Commander Emsrhan is the sole survivor
of the Elbe in the hurricane off Samoa
1889. He fought the Samoans ten years
ago and many of his crew were butch
ered. He says they are the most treach
erous people on the face of the- earth.
Waterspout at a Cemetery.
•VANCOUVER, B. C, May l-.-Auckland
papers say a waterspout broke over Armi
dale Cemetery at 10 o'clock at , night,
washing out the graves, exhuming he
dead and spattering the gravestones. Not
a drop -of . water fell elsewhere, only in
the graveyard. • Superstitious people say
it was a visitation of Providence because
a certain portion of the ground, that a
Catholic priest wished to consecrate for
the burial of Roman Catholics was re
fused him by the: church to which the
cemetery was attached. _.. -
TAXED WITH
TRYING TO STEAL
A BIG FRANCHISE
Sanitary Reduction
Works Accused.
— • —
CHARGED' WITH BAD FAITH
-...,: . .. __ —^_ — . . . .^
— ♦ —
GARRET McENERNEY ATTACKS
A' PROPOSED ORDINANCE.
♦
Declares That Under the Guise of an
Declares That Under the Guise of an
Amendment the Corporation Is
Trying" to Gain a
Monopoly.
Are the owners of the Sanitary Reduc
tion Works trying to steal a valuable
franchise from the city? Attorney R. B.
Mitchell, representing the corporation,
says that it is not. Attorney Garret W.
McEnerney, representing the Scavengers'
Union, declares that it is. Not only does
he so declare, but he gives day and date
for all that he has to say on the subject
and refuses to qualify his declaration by
so much as a word. '
The arguments of the learned attor
neys were presented to the Health and
Police Committee of the Board of Super
visors yesterday afternoon, the occasion
being the consideration by the commit
tee of the blanket ordinance introduced at
the meeting of the board last Monday at
the instance of the owners of the Sani
tary Reduction Works. The proposed
ordinance purports to be an amendment
to the existing ordinance • compelling
householders and others to cause all
garbage and refuse of whatever descrip
tion to be conveyed to the crematory of
the Reduction Works and to pay for its
destruction by the sanitary methods in
vogue there. It differs from the existing
ordinance only in that it provides that
the Reduction Works shall not charge
to exceed 20 cents per cubic yard for
destroying the garbage in its furnaces.
It is this apparently innocent and inof
fensive amendment that has caused all of
the trouble and led to the serious charges
made by Mr. McEnerney.
Mr. Mitchell, on behalf of the corpora
tion, explained to the members of the
committee that what was asked of the
board in the way of an amendment to the
existing ordinance was really not of great
consequence to the corporation, but was
of prime importance to the community
at large, as it provides for their protec
tion by naming the maximum price they
can be forced to pay for the destruction
of their garbage. He. rehearsed at some
length the history of the corporation
from its inception to the present day, and
declared it to be a distinctly modern and
civilizing improvement, which should re
ceive the approval and support of all good
citizens not to mention the members of
the Board of Supervisors.
When Mr. McEnerney was accorded the
privilege of the floor he lost no time in
coming to the point. "We claim," he
said, by way of introduction, "that an
attempt is being made to steal a franchise
that nets the Sanitary Reduction Works
the sum of $50,000 a year on an investment
of $150,000. The Sanitary Reduction Works
is here asking this, board to grant it free
of charge a privilege that will permit it
to- levy tribute on the people' of this city
for fifty years to come."
This was sufficiently startling, but Mr.
McEnerney was not . done. He repeated
that the corporation was attempting to
steal a franchise and then went ahead
and proved the truth of his assertion. He
explained that the question of the valid
ity of .the franchise under which the cor
poration is operating is now pending in
the United States, Circuit Court before
Judge Morrow; that one of the points
upon which the validity of the franchise
is attacked is that it makes no provision
for the maximum price that may be
charged by the corporation for the incin
eration of garbage, and that therefore
the people are at the mercy of the cor
poration and have not the protection that
is guaranteed them by law.
"While this question is pending." he
said, "and before it is determined whether
or not the corporation has a franchise,
they sneak in here and ask this board to
pass an ordinance that will repair the
very defect upon which our contention is
founded. Should this board pass the pro
posed ordinance and if on the. following
day Judge Morrow should declare the cor
poration's franchise Invalid, what would
be the result? The corporation would
laugh in the faces of the citizens, whom
they seek to bleed. This proposed ordin
ance would then be their franchise and
the hands of the people would be tied.
Their present existence is due to collu
sion between the attorneys of the cor
poration and the members of the last
Board of Supervisors. Now they seek to
hoodwink the members of this board and
secure themselves in advance against an
adverse decision ■ which they have cause
to believe will be rendered by . the
courts. • We ask that no action bo
taken by the board in this matter
until the validity of the corpora
tion's franchise has been finally passed
upon by the courts, or* at least that the
board will submit the question of the
validity of the existing ordinance to tho
City and County Attorney before any
action is taken." *-.-'-.'
1 In reply. Mr. Mitchell denied that the ■
revenue of the corporation which he rep
resents is anything like $50,000. He said
that all public improvements were subject
to adverse' criticism, and he asked that
the committee be not led away by the
eloquence of the learned gentleman who
represented the other side.
After some deliberation the committee
decided to postpone final action for one
week. ;
WILL SAIL TO VALLEJO.
To-Morrow the San Franciscos Will
Race From the Navy Yard
to Sausalito. .■'■ ■*._.'
Nearly the whole Meet of the San Fran-
cisco Yacht Club will get under way. at 3
o'clock this afternoon and will sail from
Sausalito to Vallejo, where the boats will
anchor' well above -the ferry slip. To-
morrow a novel race will take place. The
smallest yacht will start across an im-
aginary line drawn across the channel at
right angles with, the receiving ship In-
dependence at 10:30 -i. m. and will be fol-
lowed by the rest of the fleet in an order
based -upon their sailing length. Last of
all will start the big schooners White
Wings, Chlspa, Ramona, Aggie and Lur-
line, the last named being scratch, and
her starting. time being 23 minutes and 12
seconds after noon. E. A. Wiltsec's
schooner Aggie receives 2 minutes and 39
seconds from J. D. Spreckels' Lurllne and
starts at 20 minutes and 33 seconds past
12 o'clock. The first yacht to cross an j
imaginary line, drawn from a stakeboat to
the clubhouse at Sausalito will receive a
prize flag. > A flag will also be given to the
yacht making actually the fastest time
down from Vallejo. It is probable that
all the yachts of the' San Francisco Club,
with the- exception of G. T. S. .Whites !
sloop' Will o' the .'Wisp, Westerfeld and I
Morrow's sloop Aeolus, Harry. Goodall's :
Ripple and E. W. Newhall's Virginia, will |
join in the cruise. '•;'- The fleet includes the '
following yachts: John D. Spreckels'
schooner Lurllne, E. A. Wiltsee's schooner
Aggie, W. N. McCarthy's schooner Ramo-
na, ' I. Gutte's schooner Chlspa, William
Pierces schooner White Wings, E. C
Bartlett's yawl Frolic, XV. S. Goodfellow's
schooner La Paloma, George E. Billings'
sloop .Nixie, A. V W. McKenzie's sloop
Sappho, Harry Dott's yawl Phyllis, R. s.
Bridgeman's sloop Thetis, Commodore T.
L. Hill's sloop Cygnus, G. D. Campbell's
cutter Folly, A. Sutherland's sloop Cath
erine, J. R. Savory's sloop Juanlta and H.
B. Holbrook' We're Here.
The new and original plan upon which
to-morrow's trial of speed' will be con-
ducted • has i awakened great enthusiasm.
The outcome of the race between the big
schooners Lurline'': and Aggie will ■be
watched with much interest. Apart from
the general result E. C. Bartlett's yawl
Frolic and Dr. A. XV. McKenzie's sloop
Sappho will race down from Vallejo, the
crew of the first boat in to win a dinner
from the crew of the losing boat.
The Corinthians will cruise this after
noon to Petaluma drawbridge,, returning
to-morrow. To-day and to-morrow are
open dates on the sailing programme of
the California Yacht. Club.
ACADEMIC LEAGUE RACES.
Entries for To-Day's Amateur Events
at Olympic Track.
The Academic Athletic League will hold
its second annual bicycle tournament this
afternoon at the Olympic track at 2:30
o'clock. Entries have been received from
the California School of Mechanical Arts,
San Jose High School, Oakland High,
Berkeley High,. Polytechnic High, Santa
Rosa High, Lowell High and Central High
of Oakland. The races will be for gold
and silver medals, decided on the points
system. The events and entries are as
follows:
Half mile, scratch— First f beat: Drummond,
C. S. M. A.; Foster, O. H. _ : Teichner, S. J.
H. S.; Chaplin, B. H. S. Second heat: Howe,
P. H. S.; Dunn, O. H.S.; Lemmon, S. R.
H. S.; Dorman, C. H. S. Third heat: Down
ing. S. J. H. S.; Miller, C. H. S. ; Fernay.,
C. H. S.
Two-mile pursuit race— Foster, O. H. S. ;
Two-mile pursuit race— Foster, O. H. S. ;
McDonald. S. J. H. S. ; Vensano, D. H. _.;
Bernays, C. H. S. ; Woods, B. H. S.
One mile, scratch— First heat: Howe, P. H.
S. ; Vensano, D. H. S. ; Foley, C. S. M. A.;
Lyons, P. H. S. Second heat: Miller, U. H.
S. : Robinson, O. H. S. ; Teichner, S. J. H. S. ;
Dorman, C. H. S. Third heat: Dillingham,
O. H. 3.; Downing. S. J. H. S.; Hampton,
C. H. S. ; Atkinson. B. H. S.
Five miles, scratch— First heat: Schilling, O.
H. S. ; Mayo, L. H. S. ; McDonald, S. J. H. S. ;
Garfield, C. H. S. Second heat: Dunn, O. H.
S.; McKinnon, P. H. S.: Foley, C. S. M. A.;
Noonan, 8. R. H. S. Third heat: Sachs, _.
H. S. ; Dunker, P. H. S. ; Atkinson, B. H. S. ;
Bernays, C. 11. S.
One mile, tandem, scratch- and Lem
mon, S. R. H. S. ; Woods and Chaplin, B. H.
S. ; Dunker and Rogers, P. H. S. ; Robinson
and Dillingham, O. H. S.
Ben Noonan of Santa Rosa is the
"class" of the entries, and if in any sort
i of condition should win hands down.
I The Academic League came near not
| holding a meet to-day. One Herbert
Hauser is chairman of the committee of
arrangements. He was advised by the
knowing ones to get a sanction from the
C. A. C. C, but said he would think about
it— did not consider it necessary, perhaps.
When he found out that the Olympic
was an association track, however, and
that the gates would not be opened unless
a sanction was obtained, he quickly came
down from his high horse and after mak-
ing him "eat crow" for a half hour or so
the Racing Board overlooked his little of-
fense and gave him the necessary sane-
tion.
The officials of the meet will be: Ref
eree, XV. L. Loos; starter. Fred Wolf;
timers, E. F. Russ, P. H. Rosenheim, G.
P. Fuller; clerks, H. A. E. Jachne, Luke
Cadogan; scorer, L. C. Oppenheimer; an-
nouncer, A. Caven; judges, S. S. Peix-
otto, J. L. Liebert, C. R. Coulter.
THE COMBINE TALKS
WITH MR. SPROULE
SPEAK OF QUESTIONS OFFEBED
BY STEPHENS.
A Little Luncheon at the Palace Grill
at Which the Two Sides
at Which the Two Sides
Figured.
Yesterday was the car combine's day
with the Southern Pacific. On Thursday
Russ D. Stephens of Sacramento handed
Mr. Sproule, the traffic manager, a list of
questions which the fruit growers desired
him to answer. Yesterday the car com
bine men called upon Mr. Sproule to ad
vise him as to what answers he should
submit.
Mr. Sproule's visitors were Mr. Shu
macher, the C. and F. manager'; Al Hecht
man of Sacramento, Western agent for
the Porters, and Mr. Graham, represent
ing the Armours. All of the parties to
the combine ; that has organized for the
bleeding, of the California fruit growers
were represented and were kindly re
ceived by Mr. ; Sproule. 'Just what the
answers to Mr. Stephens'- questions will
be is still a matter .of speculation,' al
though their import is not in doubt.
The people of the combine have .not let
a _- y^%
Auction! J|
ITHURSDAV,
THURSDAY,
May 25,1899,
v
At 12 O'Clock Noon,
At 12 O'Clock Noon,
At Salesroom, 10 Mont-
gomery Street.
Glen Park Terrace,
The Gem Subdivision of the Mission.
The Gem Subdivision of the Mission.
7C Superb
yj Building Lots!
I(J Building* Lots 1
■"• .; FOR BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PURPOSES. !.^ ,
At the Main Entrance to Glen Park and at the Terminus of tho
Glen Park Branch of the San Mateo Electric Road.
The attention of homeseekers, specula- It adjoins Glen Park and fronts on the
tors and investors is directed to this sale, electric road, being at the terminus of
It is the only offering of unimproved the park branch and at the main entrance.
property having a great prospective value The Market-street Railway Company is
that has taken place in years. now constructing the Bosworth Berk-
Every lot in Glen Park Terrace has a shire streets road- into Glen Park, and the
line sunny exposure and commands a terminus of this road will be within a few
good view of this new and popular resort, hundred feet of the lots we offer at this
Glen Park. ■ ■ ' sale. I v-l\ /
It is an admitted fact that all property We are , grading, sewering and macad-
adjacent to public or private parks en- amizing all the streets in Glen Park Ter-
hances rapidly in value. x • race; therefore" all lots will be in shape to
It is also conceded that no park has ever j build upon. ■ Y\:Y.' I. *; <■
attained such popularity within the same Catalogues, containing diagram of prop-
time as Glen : Park. , erty, are ready. Call or send for one. •■-.-
- Woodward's Gardens were to the The terms of sale are only % cash, bal-
city years ago so is Glen Park to-day. ance in 1, 2' and 3 years.
The attendance at Glen' Park Dewey day Title guaranteed by the California Title
was 41,287. Events to take place there in Insurance and Trust Company. '
the near future will draw fully 100,000 peo- Take San Mateo; electric road and ride
pie in, a single day. . to Glen Park. Valencia. Mission and Sut-
Wherever such crowds go real estate ter street roads transfer to , San Mateo
values must Increase. ''.'.'"""'.l' '•' ".• line. : ... ' V-1 '• "•. :':Y *'./-." -
Glen Park Terrace commands the key Agent on ground to show property v.-
to the whole situation. Y':Y/Y: ■ Note the date— May 25, 12 o'clock noon.
.-;■ BALDWIN & HOWELL, Auctioneers, 10 Montgomery Street
up their efforts to win Mr. Stephens ovet
to their side. They entertained him at ar
elaborate luncheon at the Palace grill
room yesterday noon, and the bill for wine
and viands amounted to husky footing.
Mr. Stephens was the only one of his
side there. Around him were the agents
of every fruit and car combine repre
sented in the city. The Earls, the Por
ters and the Armours were all on hand
to give their chief antagonist the glad
hand and make him good-natured propo
sals to quit the fight. There was no hard
feeling. It was simply a good-natured
talk between two sides to see how each
other stood, and Mr. Stephens made the
most of his time. ' "; ■ ■-'
Between courses he got as v far as he
could on the inside of the plans of his ad
versaries and they in their turn attempt
ed to get hold of just what was going on
among the fruit growers. There was not
much learned by either side, and only
the opening of the convention on Tuesday
will tell which way the wind has been
blowing. ■• ■:■*,-.-
'..* ■: , — ■ ♦ •
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
Installation of the Officers of Cali
fornia Commandery in the
Masonic Temple.
Masonic Temple.
Last night was installation night in the
hall of California Commandery, K. T., in
the Masonic Temple, and there were pres
ent about three hundred Sir Knights to
witness the beautiful and very impressive
ceremony. John Tonningsen, the eminent
commander, was Installed into offlce by
R. H. Lloyd, eminent grand master of
the Grand Encampment of the . United
States. The following-named elected and
appointed officers were then duly in
stalled:
Frank Titus, generalissimo; Carroll /Cook,
captain general; H. B. Ream, senior warden;
Rev. E. B. Church, prelate; C. XV. Taber,
junior warden; Thomas Morton, treasurer;
Hiram T. Graves, recorder; George W. Witt
man, standard bearer; B. N. Rowley, sword
bearer; J. C. Crook, warden; _. W. Perkins,
sentinel; Frank W. Marston, commissary;
Alfred A.' Batkin, organist: G. XV. Bennett,
herald; J. F. Clark, quartermaster; Charles P.
Chesley, sergeant; M. Clausenius, R. Hathorn
and R. W. Madden, guards.
After the ceremony John P. Fraser, the
retiring eminent commander, was by the
Rev. XV. E. Smith presented, on behalf
of the commandery, a most magnificent
jewel of his office, In the center of which
is a large solitaire.
The new commander then announced
the following committees: Auditing— Asa
R. Wells, Dr. M. H. Hagan. James E.
Gordan; ways and means— R. P. Hurl
burt. Thomas M. Cluff, C. W. Decker;
purveying— Charles Bowen, William R.
Joost, J. G. Niebold; uniforms— G. H.
Umbsen, Anton Kreig. J. S. Ewing. *'_*>
Those who registered were:
H J. Burns. Thomas Kyle, Daniel Edgar,
R. P. Hurlhurt, C. B. York. Henry Ashcroft,
Thomas. R. Horton, J. C. Skinner, R. W. Mad
den, Daniel Norcrosß, John L. Prior, E. V.
Hogeboom, E. G. Mcßain, R. A. Domingues,
R. H. Lloyd, F. R. Ladd, B. XV. Rowley, H.
Kohler, C. T. Wendell, F. A. McDonald, An
tone Kriegr, S. A. McDonnell. P. B. Dall. XV.
E. Smith. George F. Neal, James E. Gordon.
M. S. Jeffers, Martin Jones, A. R. Morrow, W.
C. Campbell, B. P. Flint, R. XV. Smith, "Warren
R. Payne. A. F. Kerbell, F. W. Marston. John
Lackmann, O. J. Huster, G. W. Slebe, M. W.
Shetterley, George E. Jones, P. Buttcher, Wil
liam Mooser, J. F. Kennedy, H. W. West] hal.
M. H. Logan. J. F. Gray, G. H. Bennett, P.
B. Duncan, D. A. Williams, Colin M. Boyd,
A. C. Freese, William R. Jost, XV. E. Bridge,
Charles Bliss, __ M. Sanders, James McCros
sen, Isaac Grant, Thomas M.i Cluff, John F.
Clark, T. E. Barger, C. C. Morehouse, F. W.
Marvin, J. G. Heboid, Samuel M. Shortridge.
R. H. Moran, C. M. T. Newhaus, Charles .T.
Kin?. Charles H. Jackson, -C. A. Warren,
George E. Howe. L. A. Larsen, Henry E.
Highton.
Thomas Duke, E. E. Johnson, R. O. Brand,
C. O. Johnson, F. W. Joselyn. C. S. Benedict,
W. H. Craig, E. K. Taylor. F. H. E. O'Don
nell, W. H. Phipps, W. T. Perkins, H. E.
Burkhart, M. J. Stetson, H. Servlss, H. J.
Schpn, T. Lockwood. H. R. Hathaway. D. E.
Davis, J. B. Clifford, J. T. Gales, H. C. Hub
bard, J. F. Connelly. S. P. Ross. A. K. P.
HP-then. XV. S. Ballard. N. D. Piatt. W. E.
Prior, R. B. Moore, Joseph Black, J. N. Park,
John Barneson, J. G. Spaulding. E. J. V _•«■;,
XV. F. Waterson, W. H. Smith, W. H. Wilcox.
Charles S. True, Byron Mauzy. R. W. McKen
zie, Thomas B. Robinson, George R. Arm
strong. C.S. Wright, C. M. Plummer, S. H.
Perkins. J. C. Schlachtbaum. .
This event in the commandery hall was
followed by a sumptuous supper in the
banquet hall, where after the feast there
were responses to toasts by the new offi
cers and the eminent grand master, and
vocal selections. • • '••■ - - "Tr.
Wedding invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanborn _
Vails. • - ' ' *- .-i ■- -•-• ,- •THE GRAIN-RATE
CASES DISMISSED
BY JUDGE MORROW
Way Now Open to the Stub bs-
Laumeister Schedule Now
Laumeister Schedule Now
in Preparation.
The Southern Pacific and Mot the State
Appears Before the Court and Asks
Dismissal- Railroad Admits Costs.
As gracefully as 'it might, the
Southern Pacific has admitted the
charge made by The Call that it was
he instigator of the persistent at
tempts made by its agents on the
Railroad Commission, Biackstock and
Laumeister, to dismiss the grain rate
cases.
Yesterday Mr. Herrin sent Attor
ney Pillsbury before the Federal
court to apply for a dismissal and
relieve his hirelings of the odium of
a reiteration of their former demands
and the insult they paid the court
upon the first occasion.
Upon the request of the plaintiff
Judge Morrow dismissed the cases,
and the Railroad Commission is now
free to promulgate and enforce, if it
may. the new freight schedule which
Commissioner Laumeister has been
preparing under the direction of Mr.
Stubbs.
Th.' railroad grain case was dismissed
by Judge Morrow yesterday in the United
States Circuit Corurt on motion of E. S.
Pillsbury of counsel for the Southern Pa
cific Company.
United States Attorney Coombs had
not been notified that the motion was
about to be made, and would not have
been present in court had not Assistant
United States Attorney "Woodworth seen
the railroad attorney quietly making his
way into the courtroom. He immediately
notified Mr. Coombs, and he was in at- !
tendance when the motion to dismiss'
came up. The complainant was not re
quired, however, to give notice to the
legal representative of the United States
in the suit. -
Mr. Pillsbury, in stating his motion, re-
Mr. Pillsbury, in stating his motion, re
ferred to the suggestion made the other
day by Judge Morrow when the State's
Attorney General asked for a dismissal
by request of the respondents, that such
a motion should properly come from the
complainant, and added that he agreed
with the court in that suggestion. He
therefore presented the following:
the United States Circuit Court in •*■
•*• In «the United States Circuit Court ln <S»
<*» and for th.- Ninth Circuit, Northern .
<J> District of California; Southern Pa- A
<§>, / Iflc Company, complainant, vs. The .».
Board of Railroad Commissioner* of <->
Sthe State of California, respondents. <?>
Now comes the complainant in the •>
<•■• above entitled cause and shows to the 4>
<?v court that on, the Sth day .if May, 1899, <J>
• ■ the Bald respondents, as. and constitut <*>
•s> ing the said Board of Railroad Commls- <j>
<•> sioners of the State of California and <«
<•• acting as such, at a regular meeting of <§>
<*> said board duly passed and adopted a <?>
■$> certain resolution, a copy of which duly .j.
A SMALLPOX
PATIENT AT
THE PRESIDIO
A Cojored Soldier Is
the Victim.
— — ♦ —
The post hospital at the Presidio was
The post hospital at the Presidio was
placed in quarantine at noon yesterday as
a result of the discovery of a case of
smallpox among the patients confined
therein. The victim is Private McMur-.
ray, colored, of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry.
How he contracted the disease is a mys
tery to the military authorities. He was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If every woman who expects to become
If every woman who expects to become
a mother would heed and read that great
book, "The People's Common Sense Mcd-
ical Adviser," by Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief
corfsulting physician to the Invalids' Ho-
tel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. V.,
there would be stronger mothers and
healthier, happier children in this world.
In this grand volume several hundred of
its thousand pages are devoted to teaching '
women how to take care of themselves
during every trying and critical period of
their lives and 'especially at the time of
approaching motherhood.
The author of this remarkable work has
had a lifetime of practical experience in
treating the special diseases and weakness-
es of women, and is recognized as one of
the foremost of living experts in this partic-
ular field of practice. His " Favorite Pre-
scription " is the most wonderful medicine
ever invented to restore .natural organic
strength and power to the delicate femi-
nine structure which is most intimately
concerned in motherhood.
Taken during the time of anticipation it
deprives this ordeal of all its accustomed
terrors and dangers ; makes the coming of
baby absolutely safe and comparatively
painless ; renders the mother strong and
cheerful, and helps to endow the child
with a strong, healthy constitution. I
Mr- Mabel Jordan, of Swofford, I>wis Co.,
Mrs. Mabel Jordan, of Swofford, _ewis Co.,
Washington, writes : " I took Dr. Pierces Favor-
ite Prescription until the very last day. We now
have a fine, plump little girl over two weeks old.
I suffered less pain than .with any of the others.
this being the sixth child, and she has good
health. F got upon the tenth day and dressed
myself— something I could not do with the other
babies. Have been gainingin strength every day
and feel well, all due to God and to Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription."
For the " Medical Adviser," send 21 one-
For the " Medical Adviser," send 21 one-
cent stamps, to cover cost of mailing only,
or for cloth -covered copy 31 stamps, to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. |
••> certified by the secretary of said Board <$>
•.♦> of Railroad Commissioners Is attached <J>
•«■> hereto, marked exhibit A and made a <§>
•,;• part hereof; that in and by said reso- ■-■
•j- lutlon the action of the said Board of <»>
.;• Railroad Commissioner, complained of <i>
<§> i!'. the bill herein was. in all respects, _>
>•> rescinded, annulled, vacated, set aside •••
••• and repealed; and there being do fur- -?>
<•- ther cause for the prosecution of this >'•>
•fv suit the complainant hereby consents <$>
<|> that said cause be and the same is here- <§.
.♦■ by dismissed. <_,
<f> Dated May 19, 1899. .$,
«j» WM. F. EtERRIN. <*»
r Solicitor for Complainant. <$
<£ E. S. rii.i.si'.riiY, <»>
'? Of Counsel for Complainant. <J>
Judge Morrow thereupon made the fol
lowing order: "The complainant having on
this, the 19th day of May, _99, produced
and filed in open court its dismissal of
this suit, it is hereby ordered and decreed
that the said cause be and the same is
hereby dismissed."
Mr. Pillsbury thereupon took his hat
and withdrew.
It Is the practice in cases wherein the
motion for dismissal is made by the com
j plainant for the respondent to file within
five days its bill of costs. These costs in-
elude court fees, clerk's; stenographer's
and marshal's fees, but do not include
attorneys' fees, which will be the biggest
Item in the bill.
Attorney General Ford stated to a re-
porter that he was not in court during
the* proceedings. The news that the case
had been- dismissed came as a surprise
to him. as he had not been notified nor
consulted with in reference *tb the mat
ter. He would collect every dollar of
costs coming to the State, and would im
mediately consult with Messrs. Foote and
Hayne as to the manner in which the
State's interests should be guarded in
the matter of its costs.
E. S. Pillsbury, attorney for the rail
road, hazarded an explanation of his
action which did not clearly explain.
Asked why he yesterday moved for a dis
missal of the cases when but ten days I
before he had pointedly ignored Judge
Morrow's suggestion to do so, he said:
"When Attorney General Ford first
moved to dismiss these cases I was taken
by surprise and declined to do so solely
for the reason that I wished time to dis-
cuss the proposition with mv colleagues
and clients.
"Since that time the Railroad Commis
sioners, the defendants in the case, have
adopted a resolution rescinding the La
Rue resolution, the original basis for the
suits, and another instructing the Attor
ney General to ask for a dismissal of the
suits as they now stand. For these rea
sons the company decided that further
litigation would be unnecessary, the rea-
son for it being removed by action of the
commission. As a v consequence, it in-
structed me to ask for a dismissal to-
day.
"As to the costs, we claim that we have
a right to reimbursement for what we
have already expended, but to that we
waive our right and are willing to stand
on the order of the court for an assess
ment.
We consider that this dismissal not
only dissolves the Injunction, but also
throws the cases out of court."
received as a patient some time ago. suf
fering from a cold. He partially recov
ered and was able to be out the first part
of the week, but within the past couple
of days he returned to his ward and be
came seriously ill. The surgeons were
startled to discover traces of smallpox
and immediately notified the authorities
As soon as possible the hospital was
placed in quarantine and every precau
tion to prevent the spread of the disease
taken.
Shortly after C o'clock last evening Mc-
Murray was taken to Fort Point near the
artillery barracks. Accompanying him
was a detachment of twelve men. There
he will remain in charge of Captain Isaac
P. Ware, assistant surgeon, U. S. A., and
a nurse, both of whom will be isolated
with him. The hospital will remain in
quarantine until it has been thoroughly
fumigated.
The patient is reported to be doing nice
ly and his recovery is certain. No appre
hension of additional cases is felt at the
reservation. The case is believed to be
sporadic.
HANGED HIMSELF ON
CLARENDON HEIGHTS
JOHN KLOPFEB, COOPER, SEEKS
DEATH.
DEATH.
Just back of the Spring Valley reser
voir, off Corbett road, the lifeless body
of a man was found swinging from the
limb of a tree at about 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon by a man who refuses to
give his name. The Coroner's office was
notified and Deputy Gately responded to
the call. He cut down the body and re
moved it to the Morgue. The only prop
erty found on the body was the following
letter, written in German:
My Dear Good-Hearted Woman and Honest
Wife: I cannot stand this sad condition any
longer. It is very hard on me to do this bad
deed, especially to leave you In hard circum-
stances. Dear Emll and Ferdinand, be good to
your dear mother, because she Is a good mother
to you, and how foolish I have treated her. It
is entirely my fault that I leave you In such
circumstances, and for this reason I can't live
any longer. If I could get work— but I can get
nothing to do so I am tired of life. .Many best
wishes and kisses to your dear mother and my
dear children. The good-for-nothing cigar
manufacturer, Frledlander, .on Montgomery
street, is the cause of It. May the wrath of
heaven come upon him. JOHN KLOPFER.
Late last night a young man visited the
Morgue and recognized the body as that
of his father, John Klopfer, of the firm
of Waechtel & Klopfer, coopers, at 2214
Folsom street. He said that his father
was 50 years of age, born in Germany and
resided at .25 Broderick street. Further
than this he declined to give any informa
tion, except that his father was at home
Thursday night. He said he never heard
of the man Friediander mentioned In the
letter.
The "man Friediander" proved to be
Louis Friediander of 431 Montgomery
street. He says that he thinks Klop.er
was slightly demented. About ten years
ago Friediander, Klopfer and others
bought up a block of land at auction
Shortly afterward the abstract of title
was lost and a few months ago Klopfer
came to Friediander and told him that he
could not find the abstract and had been
informed that his property was heavily
mortgaged. A few days later he asked
Frledlander to purchase the property at a
price which Investigation -showed was far
below its true market value. Friediander
did not care- to enter Into the transaction
and advised Klopfer to have the title
searched and satisfy his mind that all was
right. The two paid several visits to a
real estate office and then Klonfer disap
peared and Frledlander did not hear from
him until he received the news of his
death.
Dispute Over Property.
Stilt was filed yesterday by. the Sacra
mento Bank against Charles Montgom
ery, Richard H. McDonald Jr. and O. F.
Miner to quiet title to a portion of West
ern Addition block 438. In the complaint
It it* alleged that Montgomery claims
to hold the property in trust for McDon
ald. The bank asks to be declared the
sole owner thereof and that the defend
ants have no right or title therein.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 20, . 1899.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO
MEET IN STOCKTON
The Grand President, President of Joaquin Parlor and Chairman of
Entertainment Committee,
THE Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West will
convene this year in the city of
Stockton, and the delegates will
be the guests of Joaquin Parlor No. 5
while they are attending the grand
session during the second week in
June. :.'
The receiving parlor has appointed
the following named as the commit
tees to arrange for the session:
Reception— H. Gray, Miss I. Sperry.
Mrs. K. Garwood, Mrs. A. Dunlap, Mrs. _.
Homage. Mrs.. M. Snedigar, Mrs. L. Turner,
Mrs. C. Durham.
' Entertainment— Mrs. Grace Willy; Misses
Minnie Hilke, Clara Steer. Lena Kevin,
Tralla Campbell, Lucy Harris, 7-?Jta Kohl
berg, Mrs. Ella Phlllipson, Mrs. Anna
Klack, Mrs. A. J. Turner, Mrs. Amelia
Snyder.
Accommodation — Mrs. Emma Barney. Mrs.
G. Willy, Mrs. A. Snyder, Mrs. L. Turner,
MORE VESSELS
BUILDING FOR
SUGAR TRADE
Launching of the
Robert R. Hind.
Another new four-masted schooner has
been added to the Hind, Rolph & Co.
sugar fleet. The new boat is the Robert
R. Hind, and she was launched from the
shipyards at Alameda a few days ago.
She was christened by Miss Mildred
Rolph, and Is a sister ship to the Honolpu
and Muriel. The latter are two of the
smartest vessels of their class afloat, and
if the new boat can beat them she will be
a crackajack. The Hind is 102 feet 8 inches
long, 37 feet 8 inches beam and 13 feet
deep, and will carry 700,000 feet of lumber
or 1100 tons of sugar. ;.;?;-
The first vessel built by Hind, Rolph &
Co. was the Muriel. She was soon fol
lowed by the Honolpu and the Robert R.
Hind, and in a few weeks the schooner \
James Bolph and the four-masted bark- '■
entine "William Carson, now nearlng com
pletion at Eureka, will be added to the
fleet. Besides these vessels the firm owns
the schooners Defender, John G. North,
G. W. Watson and barkentine Wrestler.
The Robert R. Hind and the James
Rolph are exactly alike, and the first time
they meet there is going to be an inter-
-sting race. That is not likely to take
place until the latter part of the year, |
however, as the James Rolph will go from
Eureka to Australia, while, the Robert R. j
Hind will load here for Hawaii.
Captain J. S. Hellingson. late of the j
schooner John A, will command the Rob- j
crt R. Hind; Captain Piltz, late of the |
barkentine Charles F. Crocker, will com
mand the William Carson, and Captain
Dedrick, late of the Defender, will com- I
mand the James Rolph.
There were several mishaps during the
loading of the Sacramento River steamer j
Aurora yesterday, and in consequence a i
wagon load of furniture and another of j
tombstones are at the bottom of the bay.
It' was low water at the time, and the |
apron connecting the steamer with the
wharf was at an angle of 40 degrees. The
horses were taken out of both wagons
and the latter were put In position for j
sliding down the incline. The furniture ,
went first, and one of the deckhands was \
placed in the driver's seat to handle the j
brake. The load of tombstones came be- \
hind and proved more than the deckhand |
LAUNCHING OF A SUGAR BOAT.
- • ■ -•■--. - ■ . ■: . ■•■ .. . •
fg npHE new schooner Robert R. Hind was christened a few days ago and about the end of the month will
O Ibe ready to sail on her maiden voyage to Hawaii. She ■is one of five vessels that have been built
W * for Hind, Rolph & Co. to go into the sugar trade during the past year. The others .are the Muriel,
a Honoipu, James Rolph and William Carson. , '.'-.'■
808 OBOBOHOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOJI^BOB OBOBOBOBOBOB.OBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOHOI
Mrs. A. Klack. Mrs. E. Phillipson, Miss
M. Hi!;.-. Miss <'. Stier.
Assignment of rooms Misses E. Condy,
1.. Wirth. 1.. Stoetzer, B. Bardo. _ Wahl,
.1. Thrift. E. Willy, Mrs. H. Ryan. Mrs.
_. Bigelow, Mrs. J. Gianelli.
Decoration— Mrs*. F. Catta, A. Gerlach,
H. Patterson, C. Kerrick, H. Bartholomew,
M. Smith. M. Baker, Miss M. SafferhiU and
Miss A. _*___
Refreshments— Misses M. Sullivan. S.
Cenniff, B. Brownell, _. Hilke. J. Hogan,
I. SafferhiU, A. Clark, M. Griffin. Mrs. A.
Aubry and Mrs. A. Adams.
Printing— Misses R. Gnekow, E. Hilke and
B. Stockwell.
Press— <*.. Willy. Mrs. Emma Bar
ney, Mrs. K. Needham. " . ■
The various committees have for
some time past been and are still very
active arranging everything for the
advent of the delegates to the Grand
Parlor, and they propose that Stockton
shall not be behind any other place
3c. $•<£> #^:o>3£>*^s#*-^!C^
could control. "Let your brake go easy,
Yonny," said Oscar, the mate, and Yonny
tried to do so, but failed. As soon as the
brake handle was out of the catch it flew
back with a bang and the two wagona
rushed down the Incline, across the deck
of the steamer and through the bulwarks
on the port side. "Yump! Yonny, yump!"
yelled (scar, but before Yonny could
make the attempt he was sent flying
through the air and landed in the water
fifty feet away. The furniture wagon
went down first and the tombstones land
ed on top with dire results. Yonny swam
to the ship and was fished out, little the
worse for his ducking. Men were grap
pling for the furniture and tombstones
yesterday afternoon, but it will be several
days before they are all recovered. ::'-'~ '■-..=
The transport Portland was released by
the Government yesterday. The inspec
tors, who went over the vessel before turn
ing her over paid a very high compliment
to Captain Llndquist and Mate Knudston
for the spick and span condition the ship
was in on arrival after her long voyage.
The Portland will leave here for Victoria.
B. ('.. in a few days and will there load
passengers and merchandise for St.
Michael. The Bertha will load here for
the same port and will get away about
June 5. .-ir,l .■.--■
The transport Zealandia sailed from
Nagasaki on the 17th inst. and should ar
rive here about June 5. The chances are
that she will go back to Manila with reg
ulars and supplies. *.- :
Lieutenant Philip Andrews, IT. S. N..
has been ordered here from the East and
will report for duty aboard the training
ship Pensacola at Goat Island. He will
come here in command of a draft of sail
ors, who will be sent to Manila to fill va
cancies in Admiral Dewey's fleet.
The Elihu Thomson came down from
Crockett yesterday and docked at How
ard street wharf. The question of insur
ance and salvage has not yet been set
tled, but the work of repairing the vessel
will begin at once. • *
George S. Long, a porter in the employ
of Well & Co., on Sanscme street, was
seriously injured in an elevator accident.
While trying to get a barrel of whisky
on the elevator it started and jammed
him against one of the supports. His
left arm was broken and he received two
severe contused wounds over the eve. He
was treated at the Harbor Hospital, and
will be around again in a few days.
How Country Resorts Look.
Get the Outing number of S. F. News
Letter Saturday; 40 pages. Illustrated, 10c*
Stopped the Brandy.
Deputy Surveyor St. John seized yester
day forty cases of blackberry brandy on
board the steamer Catherine Sudden con
signed to C. Lombard at St. Michael,
Alaska, by the California Fruit Juice
Company. The consignors had received
permission from the surveyor to ship ten
cases of blackberry brandy to St.. Michael
for medicinal use. but when the stuff
was put on board Mr. St. John found that
the supposed ten cases were ten crates,
each containing four cases of brandy.
Mr. St. Jphn-made some remarks about
commercial honesty and put a stop to the
shipment.
The best bicycle and bath enamels; also
floor and house paints, cheap in artists'
material department at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. *
that has had the Grand _ arlor as to
hospitality and attention to all who
will attend the sessions.
The place selected for the assem
blage of the Grand Parlor is the Wom
en's Christian Temperance Union Hall
on California street.
The receiving parlor, Joaquin, has
elected as delegates to the Grand Par
lor Miss? Hannah Gray, Mrs. Grace
Willy and Mrs. Emma Barney. At the
time of the election the parlor was
honored by the presence of Mrs. Bell
Wingfield Conrad, the junior past
grand president.
On the night of Friday, June 16,
Stockton Parlor No. 7 of the Native
Sons of tne Golden West will, in Ma
sonic Hall, give a grand ball In honor
of the Meal parlor of Native Daugh
ters and the delegates to the Grand
Parlor.
SERIOUS ROW
AT THE HOTEL
SUTHERLAND
Mrs. Josephine Burr
on Trial.
There was an air of refinement In Judge
Mogan's courtroom yesterday morning
that was a surprise to the regular ha
bitues. It looked as if a number of so
ciety ladies had instituted a new order of
things to be designated a Police Court
function. It turned out, however, that
the gathering of ladies was due to the
case, of Mrs. Josephine Burr, who was
charged by Miss M. E. Sturtevant with
the unpardonable sin of using vulgar lan
guage in the Hotel Sutherland on April 2*.
According to Miss Sturtevant, the com
plaining witness, Mrs. Burr had accused
her of showing the Burr room to a gen
tleman who had called to engage rooms.
This roused Mrs. Burr, and ..irs. Gean
drot, the landlady, who was sick in bed,
sent for Mrs. Burr to talk the matter
over.
Mrs. Burr testified that she had ex
pressed her displeasure at the board, es»
pecially the butter, and also the way in
which the bathroom was kept, and when
she heard that Miss Sturtevant, whom
she designated as the "bouncer" at the
hotel, had been showing her (Mrs. Burr's)
room to a gentleman, she felt annoyed
and spoke to her about it. She was asked
to see Mrs. Geandrot, who was sick in
bed, and acc6rdlngly she went to her bed
room.- Miss Sturtevant was in an ad
joining room with the door open, and Mrs.
de Verna was in the room at the other
side with the door also open, so as to
hear what was going on, and some ladies
stood outside in the hallway. After talk
ing the matter over. Mrs. Geandrot lost
her temper and said Mrs. Burr had been
driven out of the Hotei Lenox, and then
Mrs. Geandrot called Mrs. Burr an offen
sive name. Mrs. Burr retorted that Mrs.
oeandrot was in the position of not being
able to throw stones at her neighbors
in that respect, and then Miss Sturte
vant came in and forcibly ejected Mrs.
Burr. She left the house two days later.
The Judge, after hearing the evidence
of Miss Beatrice Burr, said: "It would
take a Solomon to decide this case. It
appears to be a row among women and
I can't. tell which side is right. As Mrs.
Burr has left the hotel after paying her
bill, I think the best thing I can do is to
dismiss the case."
COMPANY D
CARRIES OFF
FIRST HONORS
League of the Cross
Drill.
— • —
CADETS IN COMPETITION
CADETS IN COMPETITION
— * —
GRAND PARADE BY THE ENTIRE
GRAND PARADE BY THE ENTIRE
FIRST REGIMENT.
- — — .
A Large C**owd at Mechanics' Pavil-
A Large C^owd at Mechanics' Pavil-
ion Loudly Applauds the In-
tricate Movements of the
Ycung Soldiers.
Company D, League of the Cross Ca
dets, of Sacred Heart Parish, carried off
the honors last night at Mechanics' Pa
vilion in the fifth annual competitive
drill of the First Regiment of that organ
ization. Two other companies competed
for the officers' trophy, A of St. Mary's
Parish and H of St. Brendan's.
The seating capacity of tne Pavilion,
both on the main floor and in the gal
leries, was tested to the full capacity, and
no prettier scene could be imagined than
that presented' when the full regiment,
headed by Casassa's band and the League
of the Cross fife, drum and bugle corps,
made its appearance on the floor and
passed in review before the stand. In
the absence of Major General Shatter,
who was too ill to attend, the regular
army was represented in the reviewing
stand by Captain R. H. Noble of General
Shatter's staff, and Lieutenants R. A.
Brown and T. H. Slavens of the Fourth
Cavalry, who had consented to act as
judges of the drill. Major General Dick
inson and Brigadier General Warfield, of
the .National Guard, and their staffs oc
cupied places of honor in the stand. The
only civilian with them was Mayor Phe
lan. ';' ■■'."'■'' Y" ;' '.•'■'■'"
After the review and inspection con
ducted by Major General Dickinson the
regiment marched off and a stirring num
ber by the band filled in the interval be
fore the appearance of Company A on
the floor ready to go through the evolu
tions of the drill prepared for the occa
sion by Colonel Sullivan. When the com
pany did come on, headed by Captain Wil
liam C. Hopper, the cheers showed its
popularity and the presence of a large
crowd of well-wishers, whose hopes of
victory seemed well based as the young
men moved off in the first figures of the
drill.
•Before the appearance of the next com
peting company there- was a spectacular
skirmish drill by Company D, Captain
Dwyer, the men in campaign uniform,
followed by an exhibition of the hospital
corps showing the manner of rendering
first aid to the wounded on the field.
Company H of St. Brendan's parish fol
lowed in the effort to capture the prize in
the competition. It was in command of
Captain J. Power and was composed of a
splendid looking lot of young fellows, who
seemed to the manner born. They went
at the work cut out for them as though it
were an everyday matter, and barring a
few bobbles in the beginning seemed to
have struck a. winning gait, which they
maintained to the end, retiring from the
floor to the music of the great bell in the
center of the Pavilion, which had been
set dinging by one of their admirers.
Company G of St. Brlgid's parish, rest
ing on the laurels gained in three preced
ing competitive drills, contented itself
with an exhibition saber drill that was
almost perfection. It cut and slashed to
a man in the most approved style, and
parried and carted and tierced and dug
holes in the pavilion floor with its sabers
until the vast crowd applauded again and
again. Then it was lined up in company
front and the great flag was unfurled
from the roof to its salute.
By this time Company D had donned
its parade dress and was marched past
the stand and lined up for the inspec
tion of the judges before it began what
proved to be the winning movement of
the competition. It was commanded by
Captain I. D. Dwyer, with George H.
Sullivan first,- lieutenant and Vincent Car
roll second lieutenant.. The members of
this company were more youthful look
ing than their competitors, and although
they seemed to possess the grace and con
fidence necessary to carry off the prize,
there were not many who thought they
would. They had not been long at drill
when this doubt was succeeded by a cer
tainty that they "were the people."
It was quite noticeable that movements
that had seemed tame and commonplace
when executed by their predecessors .on
the floor were fairly electrifying when
performed by the boys of D. They put
a vim and a dress and a finish into the
drill that was so soul-satisfying that it
was not necessary for the. last number
to convince nearly everybody present that
the decision would go to the young fel
lows from Sacred Heart parish. They
were so sure of it themselves that when
they marched off they surrounded their
captain and saluted him with dTawn sa
bers and three times three cheers.
Awaiting the decision of the Judges the
entire regiment was assembled, and un
der the command. of Lieutenant Colonel
Thomas F. Ryan marched in parade, at
the conclusion Colonel Sullivan announc
ing that the judges had found in favor of
Company D. The winning command then
marched on and saluted, and Mayor Phe
lan, acting in the stead of Archbishop
Riordan. who was too ill to appear, pinned
the trophy on to the breast of Captain
Dwyer. and the competition was over. The
band played "We Won't Go Home Till
Morning," which some one - remarked
was rather odd for a temperance organi
zation, and everybody made for the cars.
One number was cut from the pro
gramme. This was the mustering in of
the entire regiment as an organization into
the League of the Cross Cadets. So much
time had been taken up by the drill that
It was considered impossible to perform
the ceremony in good season and it was
postponed to another occasion.
EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION
May Come to San Francisco for Its
Next Session.
Extraordinary efforts will be made to
bring the 1901 International Epworth
League Convention to this city, and there
Is every indication that the undertaking
will be a success. Two . committees are
now actively at work in this city
and the other in Los Angeles— and they
will both have one object in view, and
that is to have the immense gathering
come to California. The local commit
tee met last night in the Young Men's
Christian Association building to formu
late plans and make preliminary arrange-
ments.
The San Francisco committee, consist
ing of Rev. Thomas Filben. D.D., C. B.
Perkins, Robert Husband, XV. H. Waste
and Miss S. E. Powell, at its meeting laat
night decided to begin active work to se
cure the convention for this State, and a
sub-committee was appointed to confer
with the municipal and commercial bodies
and invoke their aid in the movement. It
was stated that $25,000, necessary for the
proper entertainment of the visiting dele
gates, will be forthcoming and has all
been. practically subscribed.
The- committee, which has established
headquarters in the Y. M. C. A. building
in this city, has full power to act, and it
will be backed by the State, district and
city organizations. The campaign will in
volve the consultation and capture of the
leaders of the league In the United States
and Canada. The railroad companies,
recognizing the benefits of the Christian
Endeavor convention held here in 1897,
are co-operating with the committee, and
have guaranteed a ■ low rate. It is ex
pected that there will be as many people
brought here in 1901 as in'lS97.
Builder's Contract.
August G. Wiedemann (owner) with Thomas
R. Bassett (contractor), architect M. J. Welsh-
All work for a two-story frame building on N
line of Sycamore (Willow avenue). 126 E. of Va
lencia, E 26 by S 100, Mission block 69; $2500.
HE THREATENED
TO USE HIS GUN
ON THE OFFICER
Bakulich's Exciting
Experience.
■ — ♦ —
TAKEN FOR A "BAD MAN"
TAKEN FOR A "BAD MAN"
— ♦ —
HELD UP BY A STRANGER AT
LOS GATOS.
•
Both Men Arrested and Charged Wit-
Both Men Arrested and Charged With
Battery — The Police-
man Jumped His
Bail.
1
Police Officer/Bakulich, the Sandow of
the department, had an exciting experi
ence in Los Gatos several days, ago. Be
ing taken for a "bad man" he was held
up at the point of a pistol and was threat
ened with death if iie made any resist
ance. iTA;.?
Convinced that the man at the "other
end of the gun" meant business Baku
lich knocked him down and after a short
struggle succeeded in disarming him.
Bakulich promptly handcuffed his assail
ant and took him to the railroad depot,
where he turned him over to the con
stable.
As fiakulich's prisoner was bleeding
from the nose the Constable also took the
police officer into custody. At the . City
Jail they were both charged with battery.
Bakulich fortunately had $10 with him
and he was released. Several farmers,
thinking Bakulich had assaulted the other
defendant without provocation, gathered
about the jail determined to wreak venge
ance on the "bully," as they termed
him. The Constable, after learning that
Bakulich was a San Francisco police of
ficer, apologized for his mistake, and ad
dressing the revengeful farmers who
were gathering about the jail, informed
them that the "fellow was all right."
"He's a copper from Frisco," explained
the Constable. "The other fellow tried to
put it on him, but he got the worst of it."
Bakulich was then allowed to depart,
after notifying the Constable that he
would rather forfeit his $10 than stay in
town another day.
Bakulich, when seen last night, said: "I
was on my vacation, and not having any
place- to go. agreed to accompany my
friend, E. Chiclovich, of 2217 Fillmore
street, to Los Gatos. Chielovich is the
owner of some Los Gatos property, which
is being unlawfully held by a man named
T. N. Whitehead. He is the man with
whom I had the trouble. Some time, ago,
so Chielovich claims, Whitehead attacked
him and nearly choked him to death.
Chielovich determined to compel White
head to move his belongings from the
property and asked me to assist him. We
went to Los Gatos and posted a number
of notices announcing that the property
was for sale. After we had left the place
and were on our way to the railroad sta
tion Whitehead appeared and proceeded
to assault Chielovich. I told him to desist
and he made a blow at me. I seized him
and in the struggle he tore off my neck
tie. Just then he drew a revolver and,
placing it against my breast, threatened
to make me a subject for the Coroner. I
thought he meant what he said, so
I struck him in the face and knocked him
down. I then disarmed him and after
handcuffing him took him to the railroad
station, where we were both placed under
arrest.
"Whitehead evidently took me for a
bully, for when he accosted me he re
marked that even if Chielovich had a
bodyguard he could lick both of us. I
did not anticipate any trouble in Los
Gatos or I would not have consented to
accompany my friend Chielovich.
"Rather than lay over for another day
to be tried I notified the Constable that
he could forfeit my ball."
Town Talk.
. Wielders of the chips and cardboards
will be interested in the article by Pro
fessor Alfred Bengon in to-day's Town
Talk, the gilded gambling hells of Europe
being described from personal experi
ence. Some clever stories are woven into
the article about notabilities abroad. The
musical and dramatic reviews in this
number are of uncommon Interest; no
other weekly gives such space to musical
matters. The Saunterer discusses so
ciety, the clubs and politics, giving exclu
sive news. The half-tones in this Issue
are very fine, including persons popular
in politics, the drama and in the mercan
tile and music worlds. The editorials are
timely, and one upon public school teach
ers will attract attention from members
of the department. *.
National Guard Veterans.
The annual meeting of Veterans N. G.
C. was held at headquarters, 24 Fourth
street, last evening. An election of offi
cers was held, resulting in the choice of
ex-Private George R. Sanderson for com
mander; Major George Whitney Reid, re
tired, vice commander; ex-Lieutenant
James Pennycook, adjutant; Captain
John E. Klein, retired,- paymaster. The
corps is in a flourishing condition, both
financially and numerically. The annual
banquet is to be held at the Occidental
Hotel Wedneseday evening, June 1.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy.
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
-medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling* one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
• laxative. :_ '"•: Y'-p) ■ .
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used,- as they are pleasant to the
taste; but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and*
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
_ . ; SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
_OUIBVII__, __. NEW YORK, W. T.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
56
jjKjjrg _*__^aS*r*fl'm4
SATURDAY. MAY 20, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F
Telephone Main 1868. ,:■
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main ISM.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 18 CENTS PER WEEK.
Flnple Copies, 5 cents.
Terms "by M..i:, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (inclu-liris: Sunday Call-), one year 90.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL I Deluding Sunday Call), S months 1.50
DAILY CALL I?y Single Mor.th <*•">_
SUNDAY CALL One Year * l-f>o
"WEEKLY CALL, One Year l-o{i
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ." 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB, World Buildinft
C. GEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 j
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
!94l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll ° o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On nnd Off."
Grand Opera House — "Pinafore" and '-Cavalleria Rusti-
c_r.a "
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "His Japanese Wife."
Tivoli— "Orpheus and Eurydlce."
Chutes Zoo and Free iter— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Recreation Park Baseball to-day.
Vnton Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Oien Park— Mission Zoo. Sunday.
Excursion to San Jose — Sunday, May 21.
Lecture by Rev Charles A. Ramm, in St. Mary's Cathedral.
"Wednesday Evening, May 31.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday. ___________________
AUCTION SALES.
By L. SohalTer <fr Co.— This day. Horses. Buggies, etc., at
By 1... Schaffer ft Co This lay, H ■ sies. etc., fit
corner of Twelfth and Harrison sts.. Oakland.
By Baldwin _ Howell— Thursday, May 25, at IS o'clock. Real
Estate, at 10 Montgomery- street,
THE PANHANDLE EXTENSION.
THE project for the extension of the beautiful
entrance to the Golden Gate Park to Market
street has fairly attracted public attention, and
the more it is considered the better are the prospects
for its success. When popular interest in such an
improvement has once been excited the battle is half
won. because each day's consideration of its merits
develops new reasons for its indorsement, whether
it be regarded from an esthetic or from a utilitarian
point of view.
The citizens of San Francisco are justly proud of
their great park, which ha's not only proved a local
attraction and exerted a most beneficial influence
upon the community, but has won the admiration of
American and foreign visitors till its praises have
been sounded throughout the world. But, though
excellent and disinterested management and artistic
skill have already wrought wonders by the conver
sion of a barren solitude into a scene of bewildering
and variegated beauty, it must be remembered that
the work inconstantly in progress and is not half
done. It will be many years before the marvelous
picture now spreading over the shifting sands that
fringe the Pacific Ocean is completed. When it- lias
stretched almost to the edge of the spent breakers
that through every gradation from soothing murmurs
to angry wars illustrate the attracting moods of the.
great deep, it will be simply incomparable. So far
as we are advised there is no large city on this con
tinent or in Europe that can thus concentrate the
most exquisite phases of nature upon a combined
national and municipal boundary, which, it may be
observed, marking the Western limit of this repub
lic, connects the highest development of fraternity on
the land with that vaster fraternity of the sea, where
governments as well as men are equal in right and
equal in opportunity.
The creation of Golden Gate Park has already
stimulated the liberality of opulent citizens to an ex
tent that will be felt morally and intellectually for cen
turies. It is unnecessary to recapitulate the lavish
gifts of money that have aided the labors of the Park
Commissioners. But, when the invitation to this
educational and sanitary opportunity is extended to
the heart of our metropolis, and the toiling thousands
of our industrial population inhale the soliciting
breath of restful and purifying nature almost at their
doors, the response will be so general and so con
stant that local munificence will search the globe for
new attractions to perfect its relations with appre
ciative humanity.
There are utilitarian views of the panhandle ex
tension that should not be overlooked. The con
demnation of land and buildings tor the new boule
vard will put a large amount of money in circulation
and furnish employment for many laborers and ar
tisans. The improvement itself will also enhance the
value of residence property over a large and impor
tant section of the municipality. This branch of the
subject will require further elaboration. But at pres
ent it is sufficient to observe that the pressure of
sound public opinion is rapidly silencing ultra
conservative opposition. When capital and labor are
united in the advocacy of a wise public expenditure
the combination is irresistible.
An unexpected gleam of intelligence has at last
shot through the heads of the Piute Indians who. are
holding high carnival on the Pyramid Lake reser
vation. The Piutes can stand almost anything in the
way of imposition, but they have rebelled unani
mously against bookmakers on horse races.
The highbinders of Chinatown are sharpening their
hatchets for new victims. Fifty Chinese gambling
dens are in almost open operation. The Celestial lot
tery dealers are plying their trade with renewed
energy. Recent police reforms in the district. seem to
have acted as an inspiration.
The authorities at Washington are inclined to treat
•lightly the stoning of the American Consul at
.Manaos as Brazil is very friendly with the United
States. Perhaps the injured Consul entertains an
opinion that there are some case* where one ought to
he protected from his friends.
The Populists are taking steps to prevent losing
themselves in the next national campaign. With a
hope that they may be found somewhere after elec
tion day they have repudiated, all allegiance to the
cause of William Jennings Bryan. - * -;
SAN FRANCISCO AND DEWEY.
SAN FRANCISCO will have a monument to
Dewey, and it will be of a character sufficiently
noble and artistic to rank among the best ex-
amples of American monumental architecture of our
time. That much appears well assured by the re-
sponse which the public has given to the suggestion
of The Call that the erection of the monument should
be undertaken.
As was to have been expected, the proposal bf the
enterprise has been followed at once by considerations
as to where it shall be placed. That, however, is a
matter that can be postponed for a time. The choice
of site will form a part of the artistic problem of de-
signing the monument, for the one of course must
be appropriate to the other. All in due time these
matters will be considered, and the decision, it can
hardly be doubted, will be satisfactory to the con- j
tributors to the fund and to the general public.
It is to be noted that every one who has given the j
subject the consideration it merits recognizes the fit- j
ness of making San Francisco the place where Dewey's
victory is to receive its most enduring memorial and
the hero himself his most notable monument. More-
over, all concede that it will be far better for Cali-
formians to contribute to the erection of a monument
here than to the purchase of a mansion at Washing-
ton. The monument will be essentially a manifesta
tion of Western loyalty and will be a heritage of]
the people for centuries to come, while the Washing- :
ton mansion will but scantily represent the West, and,
moreover, will have nothing of the nature of an en-
during memorial.
Now that .the movement has been started and is j
under the direction of an able committee appointed
jby the Mayor, the next thing is to carry it forward
with a speed sufficient to generate enthusiasm as it
goes. The time is propitious to the undertaking. It
is but a year since the great victory was won, and j
every incident of the glorious triumph is fresh in the
minds of all. We have but recently celebrated with
an exuberant joy and loyalty the festival of Dewey j
day. and the ardor of the occasion has hardly yet
passed away. The public mind, therefore, may be
said to be already attuned to the enterprise, and its \
responsiveness when rightly appealed to will be
found cordial, prompt and generous.
The standard of excellence to be attained by the
monument should be set high. Nothing commonplace
or of an insignificant size will do. Dewey's victory
opens before San Francisco a broad pathway to com-
mercial empire over the greatest of the oceans of the
earth. That path has been opened at a time when the
Pacific is beginning to be the field of the greatest
activity of the expanding energies of the nations. It
made this republic known as a world power and one
that from this time forth is to be reckoned with in all |
questions affecting Pacific Ocean affairs. So great
an achievement cannot be fitly marked by a monu-
"*
mental structure of anything less than the highest
order.
WHAT IS TREASON?
THE question again becomes pertinent. The
constitution defines treason, but in such a way
as to leave the freedom of discussion untouched.
American citizens have always been free to discuss
public policies, because it is only by such discussion
that the foundations of the Government can be main
tained. When the Spanish war was undertaken to
remove the obstacles presented by Spanish sov
ereignty to the desire of millions of people to be free,
no one dreamed of any change in the institutions or
purposes of this republic.
The struggle for independence in Cuba began in
1895. The national platforms of 1896 dealt with it
from a strictly and praiseworthy American stand
point. The Republican platform said: "From the
hour of achieving their own independence the peo
ple of the United States have regarded with sympathy
the struggles of the other American peoples to free
themselves from European domination. We watch
with deep and abiding interest the heroic battle of
the Cuban patriots against cruelty and oppression, and
our best hopes go out for the full success of their de
termined contest for liberty."
The Populist national convention declared: "We
tender to the patriotic people of Cuba our deepest
sympathy in their heroic struggle lor political free
dom and independence, and we believe the time has
come when the United States, the great republic of
the world, should recognize that Cuba is. and of right
ought to be, a free and independent state."
The Democratic, platform said: "We extend our
sympathy to the people of Cuba in their heroic strug
gle for liberty and independence."
Those expressions represented the sentiments of the
whole people. They were uttered in a spirit of devo
tion to our own institutions, and in a certain sense
were boastful of our own position as the citizens of
a country in which Government derives its just
powers from the consent of the governed. The very
language of some of those platform pledges was
taken from the heroic declaration of Thomas Paine
when he ended the intercession of the colonies at the
feet of George 111 by that bold speech, 'These colo
nies are. and of right ought to be, free and indepen
dent States."
There is no room for disputing that the American
people intended those platform pledges to apply
everywhere, in the East Indies as weir as in the West,
and any proposition to limit their application to one
place and apply the monarchical principles of impe
rialism in another place would have, been hotly re
sisted and beaten in any of the three national con
ventions.
Surely it is a startling fact that our imperialists are
now daily denouncing the spirit of those platforms
as "treason" and those who adhere to those pledges
as ''traitors."
We have preferred to abide by the American policy
and stand for that highest Americanism which ani
mated all political parties in 1896. If to stand fast
in that Spirit and purpose is treason^ by what term
can we characterize the expressions of the im
perialists?
One of them declares the Federal constitution out
grown and no longer worth discussing. Mr. Reid,
one of the negotiators of the Paris treaty, says: "It
is time to begin teaching the American people the
absurdity of. that clause in the Declaration of Inde
pendence which derives all the just powers of govern
ment from the consent of the governed." The Rev.
Dr. P. S. Benson says: "As to that hallowed docu
ment that declares that all governments derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed/if that
is to be literally construed, there never was a greater
lie palmed of! by the devil upon a credulous world."
The list of these imperialistic expressions can .be in
definitely extended. The form varies but little. Their
spirit is one of active revolt against -the -restraints
and limitations of the Federal constitution and of
most contemptuous repudiation of the principles of
the Declaration of Independence. One is justly
amazed at the large number of men who take this
position. They ask the- country to indorse them, to
affirm their views, and they denounce opposition as
unpatriotic and treasonable. All this brings in- sight
a very disquieting situation. If the patriotic "declara
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899. '
tions of the three political parties in 1896 are patriotic
no longer, and if government by consent of the gov
erned is a devilish lie, when the men who hold these
views achieve power the republic will have reversed
itself. Government will then be held to derive its
powers.: from the will of those who govern, and self
government will have perished from the earth. X *
Though we stood alone we propose to deny now
j and for all time the thesis of imperialism. We deny
j that the constitution is obsolete and the Declaration
iof Independence a lie. We deny that what was pa
j triotic three years ago is unpatriotic now, and we
( warn those who manage parties to avoid identifica
tion with these imperialist denunciations of Ameri
i can principles.
THE SPIRIT OF TRUE CITIZENSHIP
UNDER the title of "Civic Pride" Herbert E.
Law contributes to the Merchants' Association
Review a notably strong article on the nature
of the public spirit necessary to make San Francisco
great and prosperous. "Civic pride," he says, "seems
to be the one thing lacking among our business men
and newspaper men in many instances." His argu
ment is that we scold too much, that harping on evils
does not cure them. On the contrary, such self
denunciations do harm, for they are scattered far and
wide and give the city a bad reputation abroad. He
says:
"What we should do is to talk about the city, its
prospects and its possibilities. We want to dream
about them. We want to read about them. We
want to have them constantly before us and to tell of
them so firmly, so often and so well, that we. shall
make converts. We want to gather people to us, and,
with them, work out a great destiny for the city. As
to the disadvantages and the difficulties we have here,
there has never been a city of any note in the United
States that has had as few as San Francisco. Stop
and think for a moment of the tremendous disadvan
tage under which Chicago labored. It is within the
memory of man when the best part of Chicago could
not be given away. Cities, like other things, are what
people make them. We have every reason to be
enthusiastic over the future of San Francisco. It is
destined to be the center of the greatest traffic of all
the commercial cities of the Union."
There is much in the policy proposed that is attrac
• tive, and no doubt there is considerable wisdom un
derlying it. It is well that a people should not infre
quently take notice and account of their advantages
and their excellencies and make them known to
others. Optimism not infrequently stimulates energy
, and encourages industry to greater efforts. It is al
ways productive of cheerfulness, and that in itself goes
a long way toward advancing the fortunes cither of
individuals or of communities, for it not only
strengthens the endeavors of the worker, but it wins
friends.
Nevertheless Mr. Law is hardly justified in treating
those who point out the evils of the city as persons
| lacking in civic pride or patriotism. An abuse that
'is never denounced will never be cured. Nor is it
correct to assume that the denunciations of such of-
fenses injure us abroad. Ship-owners : and sea-
tains, for example, do not need us to tell them
about the shipping facilities of San Francisco and of
the port charges. They are well aware of all our de-
fects. Saying nothing about them will not cure them,
j and, Mr. Law to the contrary notwithstanding*, harp-
ing on them has a tendency to do so. .We are in-
deed reforming by degrees the evils among us, and
may eventually remove them all. but we will never
do so by any process of boasting of the city or brag
: ging of ourselves.
THE DREYFUS CASE.
IT is now expected that the Dreyfus case will be
decided by the French Court of Cassation early in
June. There are few disinterested men who have
j followed the investigation without being led to a be-
lief in his innocence. It is demonstratively proved
j that his. conviction was procured by shameless frauds,'
: and that his protracted incarceration on Devils Island
I is a reproach to the republic of France.
It is useless now critically to examine the addi
tional evidence that has been received and published.
Much of it is cumulative. As a whole it is so con
clusive that it cannot be overborne by any combi
nation of military and political influence. The find
nation of military and political influence. The find
ing that Dreyfus was guilty must certainly be quashed,
and it does not appear that any retrial can be justified.
A singular phase of this extraordinary case is re-
vealed by a recent publication in which Canon Delas-
sus of Cambrai, in France, complained that Dreyfus
had received moral support in the United States, for
which he held the American Catholic church respon
sible. France is nominally a republic, and yet this
learned Frenchman is totally unable to comprehend
the formation and the expression of public opinion in
a country where there is a complete separation be-
tween church and state, and where, by constitutional
elimination, bigotry and intolerance are practically
impossible. Millions of Americans of all parties and
creeds, Catholic and Protestant alike, have considered
1 the Dreyfus case and have believed that he was a vie-
tim of fraud and of military oppression. They live
under a form of government limited to secular ob-
jects, under which man is invested with inalienable
rights, and among them that of being presumed to be
innocent of crime until proved to be guilty by reliable
and competent testimony. In the case of Dreyfus
they saw that he had been made a scapegoat by
French officers connected with the general staff of
the army, and that, by fabricated evidence, he had
been subjected to cruel and undeserved punishment.
The question of his nationality or his religion was
not even an element in their consideration of. the
facts. Equality before the law, fair and open trial,
freedom from concocted persecutions, judgment rest*
ing upon truth and upon principle, arc the preroga
tives of every human being in the United States, citi-
zen or alien, barbarian or civilized, Jew or Gentile,
i Pagan or Christian.
American citizenship, therefore, without distinction
of race, party or creed, resents tyranny and injustice,
no matter what the pretexts or the sophistries in-
volved to justify them. It inquires only into the case
itself, when its intelligence and its manhood are en-
listed by such conditions as surrounded the trial and
the exile of Dreyfus. It condemns persecutions in
America, in Russia, in Germany, in Ireland, in
France — wherever humanity exists.
The attack of Canon Dclassus upon the American
Catholic church, using the phrase in which >'. he
groups together our Catholic fellow citizens, was not
only unwarrantable but evidently grew out of his
total inability to separate questions of government
from questions of race or of religion. It was simi
lar to the virulent criticisms by Dr. Zahn of Arch-
bishop Ireland, whose patriotism has been so deeply
| recognized in this country, who has been so de
; servedly and so signally honored by Pope Leo XIII,
and whose recent address upon Joan of Arc was
| among the notable productions of the century. The
; indignation of Washington churchmen, so forcibly
expressed, will be shared by American citizens gen-
erally, who regard the separation of church and state
as a fundamental necessity and who believe that po-
I litical liberty is best subserved by religious neutrality.
WATER COMPANY'S
BILL FOR MARCH
WILL BE PAID
Agrees to Reduce Its
June Demand.
June Demand.
— . —
ALTA PLAZA DISPUTE ENDED
— • —
• - — • — ■
ALLEGED OVERCHARGES NOT
SUBSTANTIATED.
• —
The Attorney for the Corporation
The Attorney for the Corporation
Backs Up His Contention With
a Clear Explanation of
the Law.
The controversy between the Board
of Supervisors and the Spring Valley
Water Company over the payment of
the company's bill for water furnished
the city during the month of March
has been finally settled and the com
pany will get the full amount of its
claim. It was alleged that during the
past five years the water company had
charged foe water furnished the whole
of Alta Plaza, when, as a matter of
fact, only half of the plaza has been
under cultivation. It was claimed that
these overcharges amounted to $6110 92,
and an attempt Was. made to deduct
this amount from the March bill.
The matter was referred to the Com
mittee on Water and Water Supply for
investigation and was taken up for con
sideration at the meeting of the com
mittee held yesterday morning. Edward
Deady, ex-gardener of Alta Plaza, was
called as a witness and testified that
during the years 1897 and 1898 no-water
was used on the unimproved portion
of the park. He admitted that mains
and pipes were in place and the water
ready for use, but could not remember
but orfe or two instances when it had
been used. It developed, however, that
in the latter part of 1894 the city let
a contract for the grading and improv
ing of that portion of the plaza now in
dispute and that water was used by
tho contractor for a year thereafter.
George E. Booker, chief clerk for the?
water company, said water had been
us* on the disputed portion of the
plaza during the greater portion of
the period covered by the alleged over
charges. He also said that not until
the park was under cultivation did the
company put in its bill to the city. He
stated that it was a general rule with
him never to make any charge until
a place as under cultivation.
Supervisor Bylngton asked Mr.
Booker if he could tell -what amount
of water had been used In Alta Plaza
from October, 1594, to the present time,
but Mr. Booker was unable to enlight
en him. He did say he had seen the
water used, but added that he did not
think the park was kept up in very
good condition.
The chief clerk informed the com
mittee that the bills of his company
had frequently been voluntarily re
duced. He said the water company had
charged the city at a low rate so as to
keep within the one-twelfth act, as it
could not afford to come before the
board and have its bills tied up, as
such a course would result in the com
pany losing a part or even the whole
of the amount of its bills. He also
said the company was making Its
charges less than they should be if the
legal rates were charged in every in
stance.
Mr. Booker testified that he lived in
the vicinity of Alta Plaza and watched
its progress. He was positive the water
had been used.
At the conclusion of Chief Clerk
Booker's statement Attorney Kellogg,
representing the water company, said.
"The. evidence shows conclusively
that water was supplied to the entire
Alta Plaza Park In 1894 and that for
nearly a year- it was continuously used
by the city in irrigating that park.
Afterward the city used the water on
tho disputed half of the park and never
from the time water was turned on
by the company until the month of
March. 1899, did the city ever- orally
or in writing notify the company that
it was not using or did not desire to
use the water. And the company did
not know until March of this year that
the city desired to discontinue Its use.
"Even then" the authorities desired
the water to remain on the unused por
tion of the park, but requested that the
amount be deducted from their bills.
This was immediately done and has
since been done.
"All the bills from 1894 to March, 1899,
were audited and approved by the
proper committee of the board; and by
the board and the city officers, and
paid. This was done after the very
question now under discussion had been
thoroughly investigated by the preced
ing board, acting under the advice of
City and County Attorney Creswell,
which I will' read to you. - It is as fol
lows:
Liability of city and county to be.
charged for water when* notice to dis-
continue supply has not been given.
February 9, 1895.
To the Board of Supervisors: I am
in receipt of the communication of the
joint committee on judiciary and
finance of the board dated January
29, 1895, asking my opinion of the lia
bility of the city and county for the
charge of $723 50 of the Spring Valley :''
Water Works for water supplied In
the month of December, 1894, for pub-
lie squares and parks. The charge
was made under resolution No. 10,049
(third series!, adopted by the Board of
Supervisors March .12, 1894, which is
the present water ordinance.
I do not of my own knowledge know
whether or not water belonging to the
Spring Valley Water Works had been
prior ; to December, 1894, supplied by
that company to the city a,nd county
for the irrigation of the public squares
and parks by means of pipes or other-
wise extending into the same, and if
so, whether the -water was in Decem
ber, 1894, ready for the use of the city
and county for that purpose at ' the
pleasure of- its employe,-.
I will assume, however, that such is
the case, and that prior to December
1894. the city and county had been us-
ing the same.
There is a general rule of law. sup-
ported by decisions too numerous to
cite, that "a sale is perfected by de
'-. livery when . the property is so situ-
ated that the purchaser is entitled to
and can rightfully take possession of
it at his pleasure."
Benjamin on Sales, 3d Am. Ed., sec
, 679, cases cited. .: . ...
Means vs. Williamson, 37 Me. 556
If. then, according to this rule of
law, the water had been delivered by]
the Spring Valley Water Works In
December. 1894, upon the public
squares and parks for the use of the
city and county for irrigation, and was
so : situated that the city and county
was entitled to and could < rightfully
. take possession of it at pleasure, then
. the sale of it to the city and county ■
was complete, and the cost . of the
same at the established rates Is a
legal charge against the city and
county. '-•-■' .*-.'
- No. 10,049 is the present
water ordinance of the Board of Su
pervisors.
Section 14 of this resolution requires
in effect, that all consumers shall give
; notification to the company in writing
to cut off or dicontinue the water sud-
ply upon the premises of the consum
er, when there Is an intention to dis-
continue the use thereof, "after
■which," in the language* of the section,
"no charge shall be made for water
for said premises until the use of wa
ter is resumed." ."■ ■ _,
If this section refers to the muni-
cipal corporation of the city and coun
ty of San Francisco, as well as to all
private corporations and natural per-
sons, then, * before a charge for the
water in December, 1894, could be de-
feated, it would have been necessary
for the city and county to have given
the company the notice therein re-
quired. - , ,
In this ordinance is found frequent
mention of the City and County of San
Francisco. .V , .
For instance, the first sentence pro-
vides, among other things, for monthly
rates or compensation to be collected
hv any person, companay or corpora-
tion engaged in the business of sup-
plying water * * • for muni-
cipal uses, and for all public purposes
'of the city and county of San l' ran-
cisco; and section 11 provides the rates
of compensation to be collected for
water supplied by and through hy
drants to the city and county of San
Francisco; and section 13 provides that .
all water rates, except meter rates
and city and county rates, are due and
payable monthly in advance, and that
meter and city and county rates are
due and payable at the end of each
month. , ._.„_!_
These citations show conclusively
that the Board of Supervisors in pass-
ing resolution No. 10,049, recognized
that the municipal corporation 01 the
city and county of San Francico would
be a purchaser and consumer or water
under that ordinance. „•___ •
Section 14. as I have shown, requires
notice of discontinuance to be given
by consumers. It applies to all con-
sumers alike; it does not say, and
there can be no reason why it should
have said, that natural persons who
were consumers of water should M
burdened with this requirement while
public and private corporations should
not be. . . IC-,',
The only foundation for an argu
ment that this section does not apply
to public and private corporations as
well as natural persons is the use
therein of the personal pronoun his
The use of this word does not limit
the application of this section to
natural persons. Even had the word
"person" been used instead of the
word "consumer." the section would
have applied to public and private cor
j porations as well as to natural per-
sons. . „ _,"_''■'"_ ._
It has been repeatedly held by the
courts of last resort in the United
' States that "when persons are men-
tioned in a statute corporations are in-
eluded if they fall within the general
reason and design of the statute.
(Angell and Ames on Corporations,
sees. 6, 193, 265, 271, 407 a. 441. 458.)
The application of the "person
to corporations Is recognized by the
Codes of California, sec. 14, Civil Code.
I am therefore of the opinion that if
the Spring Valley Water Works sup-
plied water to the city and county so
that the same could be used for the-
irrigation of the public squares and
parks at the pleasure of the employe's
of the city and county entrusted with
that duty, and that the city and
county gn,ve no notice to discontinue
the use of the water for the month
of December, 1896, the city and county
is legally liable for water for that
month at the rate established by Res-
olution No. 10,049 C^lrdCserlesV. •
HARRY T. CRESWELL,
Attorney and Counselor.
"This doctrine," Mr. Kollogg con
tinued, "has been maintained by every
court where the question has arisen
and it has been universally recognized
by the municipal authorities here since
it was enunciated by Mr. Creswell. It
also is apparent from the testimony of
the gardener as well as Mr. Booker
that the city has used the water as
occasion required. It is therefore not
legal nor equitable in view of the doc
trines stated in the opinion and in view
of the facts, that the present board
should attempt to review acts of their
predecessors which had been not only
adjudicated but completed in accord
ance -with the doctrines of the board.
"Payments have been made and ac
cepted and receipts passed in full
knowledge of the existing circumstan
ces. There was, therefore, no error
whatever from any point of view in the
bills -which had been presented and
paid and no right vested in this present
board to review such acts of their pre
decessors as had become functus officio.
When it was admitted, as it must be,
that the claims of the company had
been properly presented and paid and
that they were just and proper, I stand
ready, not as a matter of right upon
the part of the municipality, but for the
sake of avoiding further disputes and
delays and for the purpose of closing
up the business of the fiscal year in
due time, to deduct from the June bill
the amount in dispute. I do this be
cause there would be a deficiency in
the general fund and because I desire
no further disputes or delays In the
payment of the already accrued hills
and the bills to accrue between now
and the fiscal year. - It must be dis
tinctly understood, however, that this
was not done as an admission of any
right on the part of the city, but with
a constant denial of that right and the
assertion fully sustained by the facts
and the law, that all the bills of the
company have been correct and legal."
The committee deemed this offer to
be a fair one and so accepted it. A
recommendation will be made to the
board on Monday that {he full amount
of the disputed claim be paid.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A GOLD PIECE— Mrs. A., Alameda,
Cal.' A five-dollar gold piece of 1845 does
not command a premium. ;%*-_
WAR BALLADS— R.,- City. There has
been issued a book of ballads inspired
by the Spanish-America War. It was
published in this city under the title of
''War Poems of 1898" and may be had at
the book stores.
MARINE ENGINEERING— E. J. . S.,
City. Apprentices on. the Independence at
Mare Island are not taught marine en
gineering. Apprentices are educated to
fill the positions of seamen and petty of
ficers. They cannot become commissioned
officers.
LAKE TAHOE-F. J. R.. City. Lake
Tahoe is in two States, California and
Nevdada. It is not private property. No
one would have the right to tap the lake
for the purpose of drawing water from it
to supply the neighboring country with
out authority to do so.
CLEVELAND'S FIRST TERM— M. L.
R., Colusa, Cal. On the 31st of December,
1886, three months before Cleveland en
tered upon his first term, the assets of the
United States, according to the report of
the I nited States Treasurer, were $511.
--277,120 Ob. On the 31st of December, 188.,
the assets were $711,(^0,637 24.
BATTERIES-C. A. 8.. Lompoc, Cal.
An electrician" says: "If the correspondent
wishes to run his engine all day and finds
that a six-cell battery gives out in five
hours, let him use as many batteries as
are required to keep the engine in opera-
.alternating. if a six-cell battery
furnishes the requisite power he need not
increase the number of cells."
PROPERTY FOR TAXES-P. T., City.
In British Columbia taxes are a lien on
the property, and if the taxes are not paid
sufficient of the property may be sold to
satisfyathe amount of taxes. As to the
selling of property in that country while
a resident in this city, yon had better con
sult some real estate broker.
AT THE THEATER-S.. City. When a
gentleman accompanies a lady to a thea
ter he should not leave his seat until it is
time to rise and escort the lady home. At
the opera, when there are long waits be
tween acts, the gentleman can ask the
lady to promenade, but if she declines it
is his duty to remain seated with her and
engage her in pleasant conversation.
TO REACH LAND— F. A. __ Trinidad,
Cal. If a man owns a piece of land to
which there is. no road and the owners of
adjacent property refuse him a right of
way, he should consult a competent at
torney, who will advise him 'as to-' what
his rights are in the premises. The ques
tion as asked is one that cannot be an
swered, as it does not contain facts suf
ficient from which to reach a conclusion.
Going to the Country.
You will see how nearly all the attract
ive resorts look in the Outing number of
S. F. News" Letter Saturday. 40 pages,
beautifully illustrated, 10 cents. •
PRIESTS REFUSE
TO ADMINISTER
A BIG BEQUEST
A Hundred Thousand
Rejected.
— ♦ —
THE ARCHBISHOP STEPS IN
— ♦ —
WANTS THE DONAHUE LIBRARY
, FOR YOUNG MEN.
«
An Amicable Contention at Law' In-
An Amicable Contention at Law' In-
volving an. Intricate Point and
a Large Sum of
Money.
It is not every day that people can b^
found with courage enough to refuse «_f
legacy of 1100,000, no matter how arduous
the conditions attached. Still there are
some In this city, the trustees of St. Ig
natius College being among the number.
Under the will of the late Mrs. Annie
Donahue, widow of Peter Donahue, there
was left to them the sum of $100,000 to be
used in founding ahd supporting for the
benefit of Catholic young men a library,
to be called in memory of her husband
the Donahue library. At a recent meet
ing of the college trustees it was de
cided to reject the bequest for the reason
that under its terms no provision was
made for the payment of salaries and
other incidental expenses of the library
which the trustees did not feel they could
undertake.
Archbishop Riordan, who naturally took
a great deal of interest in such an insti
tution, seeing that it was in his arch
diocese that the benefits of the library
would be most generally felt, learned with
regret of the rejection of the legacy. He
decided if possible that the institution
should be founded, and to that end he
has asked the courts to substitute him
self as trustee, in plage of those named .
In the bequest, signifying his willingness
to carry out Its provisions and erect and
maintain the libracy for Catholic young
men. . • ,
The application has just been presented
in the Superior Court by the Attorney
General on the relation of the Arch
bishop. It will be heard next Friday be
fore Superior Judge Troutt. when ex-At
torney General Fitzgerald and Robert Y.
Havne will appear in support of the ap
plication, and John Garber and Barclay
Henley, representing the heirs and de-^jA
visees under the will, will resist it.
This resistance of the heirs and de
visees to the application of the Arch
bishop is understood to be entirely
friendly and undertaken only with a de
sire to have the matter forever adjusted
by the court. Taking this position, the
heirs contend that ft is apparent from
the face of the will that Mrs. Donahue
appointed the college trustees by reason
of the personal trust and confidence she
had in their efficiency as educators and
upon their known character and ability
to administer this kind of a trust.
The Attorney General takes the ground
that the Archbishop, having been ap
pointed a trustee for the distribution of
1100.000 in charity under another provision
of the will, and being the official resi
dent head of all things Catholic in the
State; is naturally the trustee to be se
lected to carry out the will of the de
ceased in repaid to a Catholic library
after the rejection of the office by the
trustees first appointed.
The question at issue is one of consid
erable interest to attorneys, involving as
it uoes the principle of cy pres (law
French), meaning "as near as" — that is,
in this case to carry out as closely as pos
sible the intention of the testatrix. This
intention, .the relator holds, was for the
founding of a library alone, the appoint
ment of trustees being merely an inci
dental matter.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. Myrtle Freeburger of Manson, lowa,
is stopping at the Palace.
W. A. Barry, navy paymaster at Mare
Island, Is at the Occidental.
Dr. L. F. Wilson of Mexico is regis
tered among the guests at the Grand.
Dr. T. W. Harris, a prominent physi
cian of Eugene, Or., is registered at the
Grand. t
E. D. Woodruff, a prominent merchant
of Salt Daks, is stopping with his family
at the Palace.
D. B. Hallet and wife of Boston are at
the Palace. They will make a tour of
the State before returning East.
i Mr. and Mis. Alfred Bouvier have left
the city for the summer and are now in
stalled in their mountain home. Pine
Lodge, near Callahan, in Siskiyou County.
W. A. Bissell, assistant traffic manager
of the Santa Fe, returned Thursday
night after a month's trip to the East,
where he attended a meeting of the Traf
fic Managers' Association held in New
York on April 25.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 19.— M. Lane of San
Francisco is at the Cosmopolitan; A. L.
Meyerstein of San Francisco, Dr. A. S.
Larks and wife, of Oakland, are at the
Hoffman: Morales Saenz of San Fran
cisco is at the Fifth Avenue; A. M.
Greely of Stanford University is at the
Astor. Arthur Rosenblatt of San Fran
cisco has gone to Paris.
D. B. Wolff Reappointed.
D B. Woolf was yesterday reappointed
to the position of secretary to the Su
preme Court Commissioners by the Jus
tices of the court. Mr. Woolf has held
the position ever since the commission has _■
existed. ■ '■_ . { ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Town-end's.*l
Special information . supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
View books of California, photographs,
souvenir mailing cards, etc. Best assort
ment and best prices at Sanborn & Vail's,
__ Market street. •
Not a i.elative.
Captain John K. Bulger, one of the
United States Local Inspectors of Steam
Vessels, desires it to be known that the
Mr. Bulger whose funeral notice appeared
in yesterday morning's Call is not a rela
tive .of his. A report to the contrary had
been put into Circulation.
Jiaek Island r.out-2 -XxcaneiaQe.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist .sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information.
address CLINTON JONES. General Agent
Rock island Railway, 624 Market st.. S. P.
Ask for Allen's Fcot-Ease,
A powder to shake into your shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
and Bunions, Swollen, Callous and Sweating .
feet. Sold by all druggists and shoe stores. 23c.
Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen S.
Olmsted. Le Roy, N. Y.
- — ~*~ -4
___oV_t_e causes that make your hair lifeless
and gray with I'ahker's Hair ______ '
_ iis.KBtoRNS. the best cure tor corns. locos.
. .,— ■ ♦ * —
Angostura Bitters is Indorsed by leading
physicians for purity and wholesomene.*. Get
_the genuine— Siegert's.ENDEAVORERS ARE NOW
IN ACTIVE SESSION
Eminent Speakers Tell of the Noble Work
ami Discuss Various Methods.
Committees Appointed and Reports of Officers
Submitted— Arrangements Made for a
Week of . Delightful Recreation.
TO-DAY'S PROGRAMME.
v
> A
) SATURDAY MORNING SESSION. £
, Theme. "Thy light is come."— 6:14. *•>
7:45— "The Morning Watch," Miss Ida Curtis of Pasadena. °
> S:ls— Chalk Talk. B. L. Blckford of Napa. *'
•> _J_ls— "Sing i ntd the Lord." ,;,
> "" Music under the direction of E. D. Crandall. _
f- Devotional (text. Eph 5:8), Rev. J. R. Kirkpatrlck, Downey, Cumber- a
5 land Presbyterian Church. O
" 9-.3o— Special music. ■•.
;. 9:3s— Announcements. °
■> 0:40— Business: Report of committee on resolutions, report of auditing com- _
;> mlttee, report of committee on .constitution, report of nominating com- <.->
■> mittee, choice of next place of meeting and miscellaneous business. 6
i> 10:10— M isle. <s>
j> 10:15— Symposium by ex-State presidents: "Trusting. I promise," Guy W. ,?,
3 Campbell; "Supporting Your Own Church." C. F. Baker; "On the _
£> Lookout." AY. <;. Alexander; "The Glad Hand," Dr. E. E. Kelley; »*>
? "The Consecration Meeting." C. _. Merritt; "Tenth Legion," Rev c' 6
B. Hayes; "Missions." Rolla V. Watt. ' . <£>
;, 11:00— "Christian Patriotism," Rev. A. Hover. Stockton, First Christian "
_ Q
I Hymn.
M .nna Gordon, secretary National w. C. T. U. o
j* 11:25— Address, Miss Anna. Gordon, secretary National XV. C. T. LT. O
3 12:05— Prayer and Benediction, Rev. C. F. Oehler, Sacramento, German Lv- '*
theran Church. ■ 9.
3 ~ SATURDAY AFTERNOON SESSION. 6
Theme, "Thy light is come." -Matt. r>:lf>. O
Theme, "Thy light is come."— Matt. 5:16. w _
;> 2:oO_ Junior and intermediate Convention ("special programme). <•
5 2 a"'.')— Recreation and -Ration: Piedmont Springs and Blair's Park, Mills O
College-. Haywards. Pacific Theological Seminary, State University*. Hi- •"-■
ble Institute, Berkeley, California College and San Francisco Theologi- 9
cal Seminary and Seamen's Rest and Floating Society Work. "*'
i, s:2o— Rest Circles. How to get the best from God's Word": Oakland, First °
■> Presbyterian Chapel. S. B. Randall. California College. East Oakland- o
•> Berkeley, First Baptist Church, Rev. S. M. Jefferson. LL. D., president •♦*>
? Berkeley Bible Institute; Alameda, First Congregational Church Rev °
j R. R. Lloyd. Pacific Theological Seminary. '
,-> 6:lo— Prayer and adjournment. . °
SATURDAY EVENING SESSION. 6
) Theme. "Thy light Is come."— Phil. 2:15. O
) Theme, "Thy light Is come."— Phil. 2:15. _
Music under direction of C. E. Lloyd. <*>
' 7:lo— "Singing With Grace In Your Hearts to the Lord." 6
, 7:30— Few Quiet Moments (text, John 8:12), Rev. S. c. Patterson, Lodi. 1'
> First Congregational Church. ' J?
) 7:30 — Special music, Chinese Mission children. 5
7:35— Announcements. Unfinished business. <§>
I B:oo— Music. O
3 B:l')— Address. "Reflecting Christ in Our Attitude to the Liquor Traffic." Rev. _
•> E. S. Chapman, D. D., Oakland, State superintendent Anti-Saloon -•
. League. Q
•• B:3s— Anthem. "Send Out Thy Light."
3 8:40— Address. Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D., San Francisco, First Presby- O
in Church. ' !
Or
' r Christian Endeavor," Rev. Francis E Clark D D &
3 9:20— "God's Purpose for Christian Endeavor," Rev. Francis E. Clark, D. D., a
ston. ' ' ''9
Pr .diction, Rev. XV. L. Gaston. Santa Rosa, First Bap- O
*) Prayer and Benediction, Rev. XV. L. Gaston, Santa Rosa, First Bap- O
■' tist Church. $
J "We share our mutual woes, our mutual burdens bear; * °
5 And often for each other flows the sympathizing tear." ' f.
v*o?-0 • 0-? O^O-j- c • o<®> O :-0 *Oj>o->o^o ❖04>0<_>0<S>OAo4' o*o* o<^o^O«>O.:.Cl<J.i-.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, |
90S Broadway, May 19.
THE Endeavorers are now in active
session. Work is the keynote of
the active Christians, and for the
moment ill hospitable intentions
are put aside and the business of
the convention is being strictly ad
hered to. "After the routine of the three
days' session pleasure will be In order,
and for next week a series of delights has
been carefully planned.
The steamer Piedmont has been char
tered for Sunday and the Endeavorers
will take a trip on the bay. Tuesday will
be given over to scaling the heights of
grim old ramalpais. Santa Cruz and the
big trees will fill in the pleasures of
Wednesday, and on Thursday a visit to
Santa Rosa will be in order. Friday will
bring the festivities to a close with a
"basket lunch" at Haywards.
The work of the Endeavorer begins
early. At a quarter before R Rev. XV. C.
Sherman of the Fourteenth-street Pres
byterian Church at Sacramento opened
to-day's session with "The Quiet Morning
Hour"." an Impressive service of song,
prayer and Scripture res ling. R. W.
Venn of Santa Paula in a "Chalk Talk
followed. A number of hymns were then
sung under tho leadership of E. Mere
dith and Rev. H. M. Tenny of the First
Congregational Church of San Jose read
a Scripture lesson. _"'._,
•\ft.r the prayer came the first busi-
..■r came the first ousi
ness of the day. the appointing of the
following commit!
Nominating committee— E. 8. Binsham, San
Jo*«e- Lester B. Smith, San Francisco; K. M.
Brown Oakland; It. XV. Fenn, Santa Paula;
i; _. Birch. Willows.
Business committee— _ Hatfield, Sacramento;
Rev J C F. Maclnnls, Benicia: Miss M. P.
Jones Anaheim; _. F. Baker, Oakland: Leon
ard W. Hill, San Jose. ,
Place for next convention committee ßev.
p ii Maor. Redwood City; J. A. Wills. San
Francisco; Mrs. Thomas, San Diego; Miss Jen
nie Ritchie, Fresno; Rev. .1. B. Orr, Santa
Resolutions— E. H. Baker, San Jose; J. M.
Bonner Stockton; Harold Hobson, Oakland;
A. XV. Bell, San Francisco; C. B. Shaw, Cloy-
.committee— Dr. P.* O. Vanderllp,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[_E.T_„ TO MRS. -IN_HA_ NO. 20,60_l
" Two years ago I was a great
Bufferer from womb trouble and pro-
fuse flowing each month, and tumors
. would form
Another Tumor t_t_
Removed by tumors in
Qydta £_ Pink- two years. I
♦am*. Vegeta- Sf.*SSS
hie Compound with doctors,
— ' but they did
me no good, and I thought I would
have to resort to morphine.
'* The doctor said that all that could
help me was to have an operation and
have the womb removed, but I had
heard of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine and
decided to try it, and wrote for her
advice, and after taking her .Vegetable
Compound the tumors were expelled
and I began to get stronger right
along, and am as well as ever before.
Can truly say that I would never had
gotten well had it not been for Lydia E. .
Pinkham's Compound." — Mary A.
B-_-H_, Watsoxtown, Pa.
What Mrs. Pinkliam'* Letter Did.
"Dear Mrs. Pi.tkham — After follow-
ing the directions given in your kind
letter for the treatment of leucorrhoea, I
I can say that I have been entirely
cured by the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
remedies, and will gladly recommend
them to my friends. .
"Thanking you for your kindness, I
am gratefully yours, A. B. Davids,
81-*G HAMPTON, N. Y."
Rafael; MJm Dora M FiS!h- Sacramento;
Hum a. B_nqnl_t, Pan Francisco.
After the committees were disposed of
After the committees were disposed of
the State officers and superintendents
gave their "Last Year's Reflections." All
the reflections showed the result of much
mature thought and a spirit imbued with
tie- nobleness of the cause. Belle _' Na
son's paper on "Junior and Intermediate
v»ork pointed out the great opportuni
ties for the laborer in this- Held. E. C
Gilberts reflection on "Commercial and
Railroad Men" was Bet forth In rhyme.
but no .acta were sacrifice, at the ex-
pense of tho music of his 'verse. E. 11.
' Baker's paper, "The Quiet Hour," was an
earnest plea for the prayer that is made
in the closet and the good deeds done In
secret. A. XV. Bell followed with "Good
Literature" and made an earnest plea for "
the spread of the highest and best 'read-
; ing. L. T. Hatfield, in his reflection on
"Temperance and Citizenship." urged all
1 to "carry their church principles to the
polls."
Lester B. Smith, State chairman on
transportation, who. according to Presi-
dent -Lowell, "is in with the Southern
, Pacific, but does not wear the collar,"
1 gave a graphic description of how he got
the Endeavorers to Oakland. Mr. Smith
explained that all credit was not duo to
' himself only, but to the wideawake En-
deavorers all over the State.
State Treasurer J. A. Mil. presented
his yearly report. It showed cash on
hand at the beginning of the year, $9 82;
pledges and collections, $107723; sale of
song hooks. $47 91. Total, 51131 9«. Dis
bursements—Postage, traveling, song
books, printing, etc.. (108010 Balance,
$54 m;. Pledges unpaid and dues, $62150;
, bills unpaid, $1541 04.
General Secretary Francis W. Reid said
there were three kinds of black lies.
white lies and statistics. lie read some
! of the latter and made them both inter-
esting and Instructive, touching upon the
whole with a dash of contagious humor.
President Lowell was the last officer on
' the morning programme, and he expressed
his, gratitude to the Endeavorers for their
kindness to him and for their spirit of
harmony and co-operation.
Reports were received from the county
i unions of Shasta. San Joaquin, Solano.
Siskiyou, Sacramento. Orange, Santa
Cruz. Sonoma, Napa and San Francisco.
Mrs. Edmund Taylor of Oakland, the
I only lady on the programme, read a' pretty
paper on "His light on the Seas."
Mrs Taylor has had much personal ex-
perience with sailors and declared that
Jack Is a big-hearted, frank fellow, with
a strong character— a. much better fellow
, than the world thinks him.
The morning session closed with the
Mizi.ah benediction. _.___ _ , _.
When the Rev. J. H. McCollough of the
Christian church of Irvington opened .the.
afternoon session with a prayer there
was scarcely a vacant seat in the great
assembly hall. The "Question Box, con-
ducted by Rev. George C. Adams of the
THE SAN FltAlS CISCO CAM.. SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899.
First Congregational Church, San Fran
cico, brought comfort to -many restless
spirits. Dr. Adams answered the many
puzzling, perplexing questions aptly and
satisfactorily.
Dr. Clark, the reverend founder of the
order, followed, speaking on "The Quiet
Hour." Dr. Clark in convincing phrase
spoke of the "fifteen minutes alone with
God" and dilated' upon the wonderful
blessing of communing with the Maker.
W. G. Alexander's address. "What Aye
Owe to Our Intermediates and Juniors,
was filled with noble thoughts and con
tained an earnest plea to save the "Jun
ior" from drifting away. "Many Jun
iors," Mr. Alexander explained, "when
they reach the years between 14 and 20
feel they are too old for Juniors and too
Weak to "grapple with the earnest pur
poses of the Seniors. We must keep them
from drifting from out the circle of good
influences, and that Is the especial work
of the Intermediates."
Tho Chinese children from the San
Francisco mission interrupted for a pleas
ant moment the solemnity of the proceed
ings, and in childish treble sang hymns of
praise and patriotic songs.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton of the Plymouth
Congregational Church told of the "Mis
sion of Christian Literature," and happily
commended the fact that the horrible,
realistic fin-de-siecle literature was
doomed to perish and the good works,
such as "Pilgrim's Progress" and the
works of Thomas a Kempis destined to
live forever.
After a prayer and benediction by Rev.
V. L. Fulton of the First United Presby
terian Church of Alameda the Endeavor
ers separated into small gatherings to tit
tend the various following "open parlia
ments": " -..::■:■<
"Presidents," George P. Lowell, State presi
dent; "Secretaries," Francis XV. Reid, State
secretary; "Treasurers." J. A. Wile., Bt— te
treasurer; "Quiet Hour," E. 11. Baker, State
vice president; "Missions." Mlndora L. Berry,
Fresno; "Tenth Legion." R. W. Fenn, super
intendent of Tenth Legion; "Preps and Good
Literature." .a. XV. Bell, superintendent of
Rood literature; "Citizenship and Temperance,"
_. T. Hatfield, superintendent of citizenship;
"lookout Committee," .' H. Lawrence, Sacra
mento; 'Social Committee," C. D. Wilbur,
State vice president: "Hotel and Railroad
Work." E. C. Gilbert, superintendent of rail
road work; "Transportation," Lester B. Smith,
San Francisco; "Junior and Intermediate,"
Belle P. Xason. .superintendent of intermediate
and Junior; "Floating Work." H. F. Eden. San
Francisco; "Whatsoever Committee," C. M.
Whitney, San Francisco.
The evening session of the convention
was largely devotional. Like last night
the big hall was packed, and the police
earned many unkind looks for its enforce
ment of the ordinance' providing that all
aisles and exits be kept clear. Rev. _. A.
Woods, D.D., of the First Baptist Church
of San Francisco, delivered a short ser
mon, dealing with the responsibilities of
Christian Endeavorers.
Rev. "Father" Clark, whose presence Is
always the signal for a salute, spoke from
the subject "Detroit, '99." He reminded
the convention that the national gather
ing of the society was to be held in De
troit in July, and that California send as
large a delegation as possible, as all the
States were anxious to return the gener
osity shown by California in '97 at the
San Francisco convention. The speaker
dwelt at length upon the need of En
deavorers abiding by the pledge required
of them to do their whole duty to God
and man. He advised them not to be car
ried away by enthusiasm and ostentation,
but to follow closely the vocation to
which they were called.
Rev. C. Pierce of Los Angeles dealt with
the subject ''Giving' to God." and "Oppor
tunity" was the theme of Rev. G. C. Ad
ams of San Francisco. The latter speaker
said that the true creed of all Christian
Endeavor was embraced in his text. The
opportunity was at hand, the 'fields are
white unto harvest and the world looks
to the Endeavorers to gather In the
sheaves. *
The session was brought to a close with
a prayer and benediction by Rev. J. c.
Edwards of the Los Angeles African M.
E. church. WlM'i
BUNKER HILL DAY.
Preparations for a Grand Celebration
Being Made.
At the regular meeting of the executive
committee of arrangements for the cele
bration of the anniversary of the battle
of Bunker Mill on June 17 next at Sun
set Park, letters were read from Mayor
Phelan accepting the Invitation to be
present and promising that flags* should
bo raised on all the public buildings of
the city; from Mrs. Henry Gibbons, ac
cepting the invitation, to Puerto del Oro
Chapter of Daughters of the American
Revolution, and from Charles S. Greene,
editor of the Overland, accepting the in
vitation ir. be poet of the day.
The transportation committee reported
that extraordinary precautions would be
taken to protect the number of excur
sionists who would visit Sunset Park.
The order of exercises, as completed is:
Prayer by the chaplain of the day. Rev.
T. J. I.acey; remarks by the president of
the day. William G. Badger; oration by
Frank McGowan; original poem by
Charles S. Greene, the poet of the day;
Bong, '.'The Sword of Bunker .Hill," by
bert Duncan; address by Joaquin Mil-
Childreo of the Chinese Missior) in
Prayer and Praise.
ler; singing by the Columbia Quartet;
"The Star Spangjed Banner." by Miss
Millie Flynn; "Marseillaise Hymn," by
Miss Adelaide Roddy, and "America," by
the audience.
This programme will occupy but an
hour of th,. time, and the remainder of
the day can be devoted to dancing, games
and walks In the beautiful grounds of the
park. ; - -.-
Excursion to Ukiah.
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to, Ukiah Sunday,
May .1. The fare will be only $2 for the
round trip. The time of departure from
Tiburon ferry, foot of Market street, will
be 8:30 a, m., and from : Ukiah on ', the
return 5 o'clock p. m.,' giving a lay over
of about four and a half hours. On this
trip the California Northwestern Railway
will use its solid train of new passenger
coaches just received from the East. Most
modern in their -design and elegantly
equipped;, they possess all 'tire latest- Im
provements for comfort and safety.., •
GAGE AND THE
SAN FRANCISCO
HEALTH BOARD
Pressure Brought to
Change the Slate.
— » — _
AN OLD SCANDAL REVIVED
AN OLD SCANDAL REVIVED
— • —
.ANOTHER CHAPTER IN BTJBNS'
ANOTHER CHAPTER IN BURNS'
RECORD AS A DEFAULTER.
A. L. Hart's Claim for Legal Services
Is Settled by Arbitration With
Colonel Wright as
Arbitrator.
Governor Gage is expected in San Fran- i
cisco to-day to attend the cornerstone ,
ceremonies at the College of Physicians ;
and Surgeons. Hearing that he had ac
cepted an Invitation to meet the physi
cians many of the politicians surmised !
that the appointments to the Board of
Health -would either be announced or i
plainly indicated before the Governor left I
the city for Los Angeles. In expectation
of the Governor's arrival from Sacra- !
mento many of the applicants for official I
favor went to the Palace court last even- '
ing. but they did not meet the executive.
There are many subordinate positions !
In tho field on inspection connected with ;
the Health Department or this city, hence j
unusual interest is manifested. The Gov- j
ernor is blamed for delay in naming the ■
new board, but his friends say that Gov- \
ernor Budd did not appoint the Health
Board until in the month of June.
An officeholder who Is supposed to he ln
the confidence of Burns and McLaughlin
expressed the opinion last night at» the
Palace that DO one but Gage had the
slightest knowledge as to the accepted
Board of Health slate. A month ago the
insiders believed that the selections had
been finally made, but since the extreme
pressure had been brought to bear on the
Governor to Induce him to recognize an
active local element of the party that was
not considered when the original slate
was made.
It is now understood that members of
the executive committee of the • Repub- ;
lican State Central Committee, who were
not known in the Senatorial contest at
Sacramento as active supporters of D. M. j
Burns, will make no further suggestions
to Governor Gage concerning the distri- i
bution of patronage.
The appointments made by the Governor
since the conference, at the Palace Hotel, :
which was called ostensibly to strengthen
and harmonize the party, convince all j
who were not In the Burns crowd that it
la utterly useless to make any suggestions
to Gage.
Another chapter in the record of Burns*
defalcation in office is closed. A. L. Hart,
who defended D. M. Burns In the courts
of Yolo and Sacramento, where embez
zlement proceedings were instituted,
sought subsequently to collect $2">,000 for
legal services rendered the accused. D.
M. Burns paid (2000 on account, but re
fused to pay the full amount of Hart's
fee.
When the Senatorial contest opened at
Sacramento the lawyer fancied that the
time was opportune for demanding final
settlement. The ex-Secretary of State
saw at once . that refusal to entertain
propositions might reopen the old scan- ;
dal and bring to light some phases of
the embezzlement of public funds which
would affect his candidacy for the United
States Senate. ln order, therefore, to
suppress scandal, arbitration was sug- j
gested. It appears that Burns and Hart
agreed on Colonel J. B. Wright of the
Southern Pacific Company as arbitrator. I
In due time Colonel Wright submitted a
report, in which he decided that D. M. '
Burns should pay A. 1.. Hart $1500. This J
sum, which Burns has now 'paid, added
to a previous payment of 0000, makes
Mart's fee for defending Burns $3500. In
accordant with the arbitrator's report,
the proceeding, in the Superior Court to i
obtain judgment against Burns have
been dismissed.
Illustrated Outing Number. j
S. F. News Better Saturday; 40 pages of i
picturesque views and ideas where to go. i
Don't miss it. Only a dime. *
A LOST RING RESTORED.
Attorney Hart Secures a Sparkler He
. Claims Was Taken From Him
by Force.
The mystery surrounding the loss of ex-
Attorney General A. L. Hart's diamond
ring has not been cleared up, but the ;
missing jewel has been recovered. It was
returned to General Hart yesterday by
Chief of Police Fletcher of Oakland. The
promised reward of $100 will be paid At
torney Hugh Aldrich.
The manner in which General Hart was
separated' from the ring, which was a
present from his wife, may never be
known. According to his story he was
drugged with knock-out drops while jour- I
neying from Sacramento to this city, j
While under the influence of some drug, i
he claims, the ring was removed from his
finger forcibly. He did not miss it until
he reached the end of his journey
He advertised at once, -offering' a re- j
ward of .100 for the return of his property !
Upon the appearance of the advertisement !
Attorney Aldrich answered it. He claimed
that his client", a reputable resident of '
Oakland, found the ring as he- was leav
ing the train at Sixteenth street and com
missioned him to return it upon payment '
of the proffered reward. The attorneys
could not agree for some time as to the
method to be pursued in returning the
ring. They finally settled their differences
and the property was returned to its
rightful owner.
Flemish oak with ivory ornaments, Jap
anese gray, old Dutch, Persian ; green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and'
English oak moldings for", picture frames
in beautiful new designs at Sanborn &
Vail _,' 741 Market street. 'f • - •
:__'_ V.' '...;....- ADVERTISEMENTS. , ''/ '
:" ', j^A^.:';\V"' TO-DAY NEWS
'c^g^s^j_^^^~^'^^-^ Is especially interesting to men and their wives
i i_s™^x_^ov^V I and mothers. Many unusual values are offered
' I M_mTTixN service,! anc* bothers. Many unusual values are offered
a MERIT lis i__-t-Vi_--, | mi i iii it. i
!-■ L " THif* is oi*R aim. that will be welcomed by thrifty people.
: ;|^nstockl . SPECIAL SALEAT 10 O'CLOCK.
\ R^^id SPECIAL SALE AT 10 O'CLOCK.
; j". LUBIN j Men's Colored Bosom Dress Shins, 55c.
i Qi C. • Open front and I ~1 ,
' I ______ _J back; seoarate --//S ffi\ I
' V L»„ '  baCk * SeParat9 I \ETr\ j-^N* H
1 "-^^^KEt^DTAYtOR^^ quality good i**MF"~fel I : |Sn /*_-_) /
1 f Ta „ TAYIO KJ^ quality through- ,'"1 Ijfjf __/ M'/ .
I- :: * out ; attractive l~ L=*^&> ' JU> ' V*f I
» _■_# patterns in fast /^\^gll>/^^!'!*n>^^^v 1
'- .•*■ colors. Sues 14 / yjjlHHN^fi HM-^tS
i to 17 55c X-Xl V SBp ''/i [ \ \% 'SB'* \
1 Our stock of Untrimmed Hat Shapes has been — V v. A iH-sv^ 'l '1 F '&&*/ -X-pS
' Our stock of Untrimmed Hat Shapes has been — \^ vft\ l^w''' Sllr'®^ "V-A
I divided into three lots : Madras Club N*Q5-j***fv*^^ j
' Shapes formerly 50c now 25c Ties sc. I I/ / I IHi '^T
\ Shapes formerly 75c and $1.00. .now 50C A lar-re variety of ' '' »N| I*^
| Shapes formerly $1.50 to $2.50 .now $1.00 patterns. The usual 12 1-2 c grade 5c Each
; Some Hand-made Shape:- reduced to about one- ADDITIONAL TELLING VALUES,
, half former prices.
, * • Men's Sweaters in navy, maroon and black ; heavyweight-
A I JirVP AcCnrfrtlPnt fif Suitable for bicycling or outdoor work 58c
A _-_H feC rl3_Ulllll&Ul Ul Men's White Shirts an. Drawers; nearly all wool ; legu-
_A_^___ __r_ni_ BUT ¥ mrnir '^ wei2ht* The usual dollar grade........ 68c Each
TRIM MED MILLINERY, ...
V ' Working Shirts of heavy twilled black doth with white
Ladies' Jackets— Tan Covert Qoth Jackets, both stripes or checks ; fast black, also light effects' Good wear-
-1 box and fly fronts; twilled satin linings ; sizes 32 to 40 ; ing garments '*_;__'• v _' ••—••••—••••— •••••• 53c Each
box and fly fronts ; twilled satin linings sizes 32 to 40 .-,.._, .
/ «M- nn . .; _._. --— Men s Golf Shirts, made of plaid and striped goods;
, a former $5 00 grade $3.75 separate cuffs ..55c
i ■■ •'•■_.'■'"__ _.— in i_. Two styles of Heavy Working Gloves. Fit for hard wear
Ladies' Undervests, 12 l-2c. ; * __ 5. 25c and 50c Pair
One case of Summer Vests in white ecru, pink and b ue. Me_.. Ni ht Shirt fu„ |c th ~B_
Low neck and sleeveless. Richelieu ribbed and silk taped. _ ,& -_i.il _ • _ . ' "" ■
Originally intended for 20c 12 l-2c Each M Suspenders, with wire buckles and grip backs ; a service-
& ' __________ able article »..«.•„„•..». _.*...,.. *■•_ „ 15c
Agents for Centemeri Gloves. Men's Seamless Cotton Socks ; fast black or tan
La Pucelle— The best Dollar Glove in town. .•••••' 8 I-3c Pair
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.
PLAYED WITH MATCHES
AND BURNED TO DEATH
FATE OF FIVE-YEAR-OLD GRACE
THEUNER.
Help Came Quickly, but Too Late to
Save the Child— She Died
in a Few Hours.
Grace, the five-year-old daughter of
Henry Theuner of ISO Parker avenue was
badly burned yesterday noon while play
ing with matches. She died at 7 o'clock
last night.
According to the statement of the
mother, the little one had a strange fancy
for matches and whenever the parental
eye was turned away she would steal a
bunch and in some secluded corner she
would amuse herself by striking them
and watching them burn.
Just before the noon hour yesterday,
while Mrs. Theuner was preparing lunch
eon, little Grace secured a bunch of
matches and toddled over to a vacant lot
opposite the house, where she proceeded
with her favorite amusement. Soon
after the mother was startled by the
agonizing shrieks of her child. Rushing
to the front door she found little Grace
making her way toward the house with
her clothing all ablaze. The mother
rushed into the house for blankets, but
her 11-year-old son Willie was quicker.
He secured a bucket of water and with
it extinguished the flames.
The child was carried into the house
and Drs. Neimler and Cleary were caller*
in. They found the child was past hu
man aid*. The- whole lower portion of
her body was charred, the flesh almost
dropping from the wounds. The doctors
applied temporary remedies and recom
mended that the little one be removed to
the Children's Hospital. This was done.
The physicians there bandaged the body
more thoroughly, but all the time they
could see that the little life was fast eb
bing away. After a few hours' suffering
little Grace breathed her last.
After the accident there was a rumor
to the effect that the child's clothing was
set on fire in play by another little girl.
Diligent inquiry showed that there was
no truth in the statement.
Circus in Town.
An Indoor circus and a Swiss Alpine
i wrestling tournament will be the draw
ing card at Glen Park to-morrow (Sun
i day). Under the auspices of the Swiss
Athletic Club a number of the club
members will contest for prizes, com
'■ mencing at 12 m. on the recreation
grounds in front of the heater.
The "circus in the barn" will be made
lup of the following attractions: Bare
back trick riding, hurdle racing, Olym
pian riding, steeplechasing, trained ani
mals, Japanese acrobats, umbrella toss-
ing, trapeze performance, tight-rope
wonders, feats of strength, equilibrists,
tumblers and funny clowns.
A Supposed Tool Thief.
John Donovan was locked in the tanks
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and
ODea, who placed against" him. a charge
of burglary. He is accused of stealing
several hundred dollars' worth .of iron
and steel workers* tools.
Donovan is supposed to be the man
who broke into the Murphy-Grant build
ing on McAllister and Jones streets a
few days ago and stole all the. tools ne
could carry away from the storeroom.
Some men from the Ralston Iron Works
had been putting up a fire escape, and he
left them with hardly a tool to work
with. • Some men doing similar work on
the Columbian building were treated to
a similar visit a few days before. Most
of these tools have been recovered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is Incontrovertible!!
1
'V ~~~ ■••;-' -::: - V.(
The Editor of the "Christian Million," J
under the heading of General Notes, on ,
August so, 1806, wrote : — (
" A good article will stand upon its own '
merits, and we may rely upon it that nothing (
will continue long which does not, In a more *
or less degree, harmonize with the state- '
ments which are published concerning it." <
Mr. Hall Came, !
> Author of "The Deemster," "The Manx- 1
1 man," "The Christian," etc., when speak- 1
1 ing on "Criticism," recently, said — 1
1 " When a thing that is advertised greatly '
1 Is good it goes and goes permanently ; when
1 It is bad, it only goes for a while ; the public
' finds it out." ;
! The Proprietor of >
I BEECHAM'S PILLS
1 has said over and over again :—. . j
1 has said over and over again :—
! "Itls a fallacy to Imagine that anything ,
, will sell Just because it is advertised. How
. many nostrums have been started with glare ,
and snuffed out in gloom? The fact Is, a ,
, man is not easily gulled a second time; and ,
, every dissatisfied purchaser does ten times ■
. more harm than one satisfied does good.
, Assuredly the sale of more than 6,000,000
, boxes of BEECHAM'S PILLS per annum,
. after a public trial of half-a-century. is con-
, elusive testimony of their popularity, su-
, periority* and proverbial worth."
• Beecham's Pills have for many years been the popular
I familymedicine wherever the English language Is spoken. ,
I and they npw stand without a rival. In Boxes, 10 cent* ,
and 25 cents each, at all drug stores. .' 'WklmUSmWrnM 1
AMUSEMENTS.'
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Last 2 Nights— MATINEE TO DAY.
The
run /^"^Tr^FT^ "
Maker, V_^" IT .
Charles Frohman's Most Successful Farce.
NEXT MONDAY-
KELCEY-SHANNON CO. in ;;
ttM€TH4STIANE
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). MAY 20.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). MAY 20.
Parquet, any seat, -6c; Balcony, luc; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
The MONTROSE TROUPE
(Six In number),
WORLD'S GREATEST ACROBATS.
THE ESCAMILLOS,
Marvelous Equilibrists.
' EDNA AUG, Versatile Comedienne.
ZAZELL AND VERNON. LA PETITE LUND,
HUGH STANTON, JAMES RICHMOND
GLENROY. JOHN LE CLAIR.
Last week of the beautiful SISTERS HAW-
THORNE ln "THE WILLOW PATTERN
plate." B-fraaEKssaa
NEXT WEEK— TOON, the Bur-
mese Wonder.
ALCAZAR ™
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY, LAST TIMES OF
Clay M. Greene's Farce Comedy, .
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
JAPANESE WIFE!
PRICES .... 15c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
Next Week-"1N MIZZOURA."
SEATS NOW READY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng.. ..Proprietor and Mgr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT . O'CLOCK.
OFFENBACH'S BEST WOKK,
"ORPHEUS
...AND...
EURYDICE !"
"WHEN I WAS MONARCH IN ARCADIA!"
NEXT MONDAY,
T____ _vl__2ST3_)___-I_<r."
De Koven and Smith's new opera.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.,
POPULAR PRICES ........2Bc and »c
Our Telephone. Bush S.
/\
PLAY / \ BALL
PLAY / " \ BALL
/ AT \
/ * \
/ RECREATION PARK, \
/ Eighth and Harrison Sts. \
\ SAN FRANCISCO /
N VS. / :
\ OAKLAND /
TO-DAY \ / SUNDAY
V /
3P. M. \/ 2:30 P.M.
GLEN PARK.
THIS SUNDAY all cars direct to play-
grounds. '
ALPINE WRESTLING OB Recreation
Ground, commencing at 12 o'clock noon.
under auspices of Swiss Athletic Club. .
INDOOR CIRCUS in the "BARN,"
Commencing at 2 P. M.
Bareback trick riding, hurdling racing,
Olympian riding, 'trained animals, Japa-
nese acrobats, equilibrists, tumblers, feats
of strength, umbrella tossing. trapeze per-
formance, etc.
ADMISSION to grounds and wrestling 10c,
• to Circus l'c and 2.c extra. '■--■'
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD _
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
$6 to $8 week; |8 to $.0 month.' free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates ln every
room; elevator runs all night.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED NIGHTLY.
THIS EVENING.
The Famous
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
"H.M.S.^INAFORE''
AND
"CAVALLERIA.:. RUSTICANA."
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— THE GYPSY BARON
PRICES:
Reserved Seats 25c. and IJOo
Gallery 15c
Branch ticket Offlce at Pacific Graphophon.
Parlors, 72. Market St., opp. Call Building.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
May 20 and 21.
PHENOMENAL STAKES.
PUPPY AND OPEN STAKES.
136 NOMINATIONS 136
$1040 PRIZE MONEY — $1040
TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets SATUR-
DAY, 10:30 a. m. and 1 d. m.; SUNDAY, 10:13
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets five minutes later. Re-
turning from park immediately after last
course.- Extra train from park on SUNDAY it
4:15 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION. -". Cents. LADIES FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESOBTS.
"FICTION, FURY AND FACT."
LECTURE
By REV. CHARLES A. RAMM
IN ST. MARYS CATHEDRAL,
Van Ness Avenue,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, May 31, at S o'clock.
* TICKETS FIFTY CENTS.
Tickets may be had at Sherman _ Clay's.
Kearny St.: Gallagher's Bookstore. McAllister
St., near Market; Reeffe's Music-store, Van
Ness aye.. near Geary St.; at doors of; Cath-
edral on the evening. of. the lecture, or from the
clergy cf the Cathedral, 1100 Franklin st.
R«i_---__-* ■■" ' '
■3d l lie great realistic
_ War PANORAMA!
Qr * Prof. W. G. ROLLINS,
v-r the eminent orator,
m m • a lectures half hourly.
_V___n!lcl Market st., nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c.
■>—._-• . Children 25c.
Bay! rhMr"n^
LO.BB. EXCURSION and PICNIC
1.0.8.8. EXCURSION and PS
To San Jose sl.oo Round Trip.
Including Admission to Agricultural Park.
Game and Gate Prizes. Children Half Price.
SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
• Trains leave Third anil Townsend 9 a. m.;
Valencia street 9:10 a. m. Tickets at Depots.
FAREWBLL PIANOFORTE RECITAL
By MASTER IRWIN EVELETH
HASSELL.
Assisted by the PRESS CLUB QUARTET,
THURSDAY. MAY 25, . p. m..
At SHERMAN-CLAY HALL, 223 SUTTER ST.
Tickets (including; reserved seats) $1. for sale
at Sherman, clay _ Co.'s Music Store, com-
mencing Saturday, May 20.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
S ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 25c: Children. 20c.
000000000000000000
In* PALACE *•«•_
ICRANDOSZM^Z
%GRAND fiail__§°
j? SAN M4NC/SCO Q
Connected by a covered passageway.
O UOO Rooms— 9oo v • h r*ath Attache-. •
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached, O
O All Under Ont Management. O
0 NOTE TH- PBICEB: O
O European Plan. ol.oo per day and upward O
ft American Pian.f 3.00 per dayjand upward _
& Correspondence Solicited. *■
0 JOHN 0. EISKPATKICK. _._-ge.. O
000000000000000000
P Okie-ester's EnffUsh Diamond Braa— -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
«_,"**"_ Original and Only Genaloe. A
j-j^Tfci*Jt\ s»rt, _w»t* rdUbl— licks sik _a\
J_J]__aji|_ I>ra_gi»* for <"JM-"iMl»r > _nfl.tsA />.«■__%-.
Mp^e^r^tmßKriufna Brand in Kcd and '•')'. mrtallio\%Jf_r
T^ _J*>MHboiM, »f-lod with blue ribhon. Take \S>
W 9^ *9_Bo oilier. Rtfurt rfo_J«ro_« ..(utftu. V
1/ "— - tV W»nson_ imilaf.cnt. At Drnsgl.tr,, or — o.i*.
I W ._ ' lr- si.rori. for ti.rtleal.rt, t"*ttr_o_lM* .a.
\C> 0 " Rclliif for _a<llcm" in letter, br rrt-ra
_X IT Moll- 10,000 T.',t'.»n^.l«l3. item Pep rr.
_ >™»*/^Clllehc.terCSe-»lcalCii.,ltii%«H-<>-i Hqn_r^
1-- ay all Local !>rj.'.gt«n, Pll • LA OA.. VtY
7
•8
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged. 'Yt's
Wheat firm. Barley advancing rapidly.
Oats and Corn firm.
Rye remains dull.
Hay shows more strength. •
Middlings advanced. ' Bran firm.
Rolled Barley higher.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Linseed Oil and Lucol marked up.
New Potatoes coming in freely.
Cheese lower again.
Butter and Eggs steady.
Poultry stands about the same. /
High prices reported for Apricots and Pears.
Oregon fruit crop deficient.
Citrus fruits quiet.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs slightly off.
Other Meats unchanged.
Grain Bags weaker.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port by sea dur
ing the first four months of the year wore 1,
--844,500 gallons and 2538 cases, against 1,83.,800
gallons and 2886 cases for the same time In
-1893. ;
'OREGON CROP PROSPECTS.
OREGON CROP PROSPECTS.
B. S. Pague, Government Section Director for j
Oregon, Department of Agriculture, gives an I
unfavorable outlook for the fruit and grain j
crops in Oregon this year. The Prune crop j
will be very short, and ln some districts a fail- j
ure. The trees blossomed heavily, but when
the fruit began 'to set it dropped off. This is j
precisely what occurred in California. The j
same condition applies to ' Peaches. Apricots I
and Cherries. Pears and Apples promise a good |
crop. In conclusion, the report says:
"The reports from all sections of the State
do not indicate that favorable condition of
products and live stock which is usual. It must .
be acknowledged that current weather condi- ]
tions are not favorable to good crops, and .
present prospects are not encouraging. A
change to more seasonable weather will cor- j
rect much of that which Is now so adverse;
this Is true of grain and root crops. The fruit
crop, from present reports, will not be as large
as It was last year, and it may yet prove to
Ie poorest on record."
WEATHER REPORT.
(UOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 19, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to i
date, as compared with those of same date
List season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— ' 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 32. 56 31.97
Red Bluff 0.00 20.00 13.94
Sacramento 0.00 14.06 10.01
San Francisco 0.00 16. 9.06 j
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
San Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 7.14,
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 7.06
San Diego 0.00 4.91 4.94
Yuma '. 0.00 1-34 1.63 :
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature. :
50; minimum. 46; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
ires of low pressure central Friday .ncr
-The area of low pressure central Friday over
Nevada. and Utah has moved eastward over the :
Rocky Mountains. Rain is fallin. over Utah i
and eastward.
The temperature has fallen from eight to
twelve degrees over Utah and Arizona and
Southeastern California. It • has risen about
twelve degrees over the Northern Sierras. Ex
cept along the coast, the temperatures In Cali
fornia are nearly normal.
The maximum wind velocity of twenty-six
miles per hour from the northwest Is recorded
from Eureka.
A special message from- Victoria indicates
message from Victoria indicates ,
clear- weather in that vicinity.
Forecast lade at San Francisco for thirty j
hours, ending midnight May 20. 1599:
Northern California— Clear Saturday; light
northprlv winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; westerly
■via— Fair Saturday, westerly
wlnds. _Jffi__
Nevada— Fair Saturday; warmer southeast.
Utah— early Saturday, clearing Satur
day; warmer.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday; probably showers
Saturday morning in the mountains; warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
northwesterly -winds
ALEXANDER McADIEf Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 19.— The stock market was
abandoned almost wholly to professional trad
ers on the floor of the exchange. No outside
demand was apparent at any point ln the list.
Prices were marked up sharply at the open
ing on a demand from the shorts who sold
the specialties yesterday. Sugar, Brooklyn and i
the Flower group generally showed the larg
est gains, the demand being obviously from
the short interests. Anaconda mining showed
strength both In London and here, which was
well maintained* throughout the day, and the ;
tone of Manhattan was also firm without any j
published news to account for it. The open
ing demand from the shorts was soon satisfied
and prices slipped away, but without any pres
sure to sell. The dullness at the decline seemed
to Impress the professionals that the reaction
was over and they turned buyers again, mark- ,
ing prices up, especially in Sugar and Brook
lyn Transit. But it became quickly evident
that 'the bull interests which were active early ,
in the week were not prepared to resume oper
ations and the advance did not hold. The ab- :
sence of any demand for stocks caused the '
traders to turn bean again, and the market
sagged and drifted quite aimlessly for the bal
ance of the day. The short sales by the trad- i
ers were covered before the close, bringing
prices in a great many cases back to about
last night's level. London bought a few stocks i
In this market, but took no active part ow
ing to the pending holidays there.
The railroad bond market continued to show !
a large Investment demand, especially for re- '•
cent reorganization issues. Total sales $4,437,- I
00('. United States new 4s advanced % ln the I
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to I
443.480 shares, including: American Steel and
Wire, SOOO; American Sugar Refining Company, !
56,800: American Tobacco. 7100; Anaconda, 11,
--300; Atchison preferred, 30,800; Brooklyn Rapid
Transit, 77.200: Brunswick Company, 4400; Cen- :
tral Pacific. 6100; Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy, 14,200; Continental Tobacco, 9300; Fed
eral Steel. 26,500; Manhattan, 23,100; Metropoli
tan Street Railway, 3C00; M. St. Paul and S. S. ;
>.' . 1100; do preferred. 3800; Missouri Pacific,
4000: New York Central, 1400; North American
Company, 10.400; Northern Paclflc. 7000; Penn
sylvania, 3100; People's Gas. 19,000; Reading
Second preferred. 4300- Rock island, 600; St.
Paul, 13.600; Southern Pacific. 17,700: Union Pa
cific, 6500; United States Rubber, 3200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% St L & S W...... 13*4 j
Do prefd 55% Do prefd 33' i
Baltimore & Ohio. 69 St Paul 123% !
Canada Pacific 97% Do prefd '.169 "
Canada -.hern.. 54 St P& Om 92% !
Cent Pac 52%: Do prefd .170
Ches _ Ohio 26% Bo Pacific 33%
Chi A Alton 160 So Railway 11%
Chi B & Q 131% Do prefd 61%
Chi & _ 111 74% Texas & Pacific .. 20
Do prefd 121 Union Paclflc 43*
Chi G W 13%' Do prefd 76%
Chi Ind ft L 9% Wabash 7%
Do prefd 30 f Do prefd 20%
Chi &N XV 153% Wheel _ L E.... 10
Do prefd I'.i2 Do prefd 28%
CCCft St L 54% Express Companies-
Do prefd 95 Adams Ex ........112
Del _ Hudson ...117% American Ex ....141
Del L _ W 161% United States .... 48
Den & R G 22% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 77 Miscellaneous-
Erie new 12% A Cot Oil 35
Do Ist prefd .... 34% Do prefd 91%
Ft Wayne 184 Amn Spirits n%
Ot Nor prefd 174% Do prefd 33
Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco 104% j
Illinois Cent 113% Do prefd Hi' !
Lake Erie ft XV.... In Cons Gas 183
Do prefd ' 6$ Com Cable Co 179
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron 46%
Louis fr Nash 66% Do. prefd 105 '
Manhattan L 11l Gen Electric 118
Met St Ry .......223% Haw Coml Co 100
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T 1i;,%
Minn & St L 58% Intnl Paper ....... 48%
Do Ist prefd ....100 Do prefd ........ 81%
M ■ Pacific 43% Laclede Gas 53
Mobile & 0hi0.... 41 Lead 32
Mo X & T 12%' Do prefd ...111%
Do prefd 34% Nat Lin Oil .... 4
ft J Central 112 Pacific Mail 50%
NY Central '..132% People's Gas 119%'
X I '" _St L.... 13 Pullman Pal ...;..15_V4
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Silver Cert :...\... 61
Do 2d prefd .... 30 Standard R & T... 8%
Nor West 19% Sugar 156%
No Amer Co 12 Do prefd 117
No. Pacific SO T C,„ Iron 58%
• Do prefd 77 U 6 Leather 8'
Ontario & W 2*% Do prefd 69%
OR & N prefd .. 69 US Rubber .:.... 45%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 83 Do prefd 114%
Do 2d prefd .... 56 West Union 91%
Pittsburg 184 Am S & XV C 0... 63%
Reading ...: 19% Do prefd ; 97%
Do tat prefd .... 56% Fed Steel 60%
B 0 W 33 I Do prefd 81%
Do prefd 77 JPac Coast 39
Rock Island 111%' Nor & XV prefd... 67%
St L& B F 11 Colo So ;...... 5%
I'" prefd 69 Do Ist prefd .... 46
Do 2d prefd .... 35% : Do 2d prefd .... 18%
CLOSING BONDS.
D B 2s reg 99% M X & T 2ds 66%
Do- 3s reg 108% Do 4s 9514
Do Be coup.. 108% NY Cent lsts.. ....114%
Do new 4s reg — 130 IN J Cent gen 55..12' i
Do new 4s c0up. .130 No Carolina 6p 127
. Do old 4s reg... .112%l Do 45..... .pm
Do old 4s c0up. ..113% No Pacific 15t5...'. .170
Do Ea reg 112% . Do 3s , 67%
Do 5s c0up. .'.... .112% Do 45.... .104*4
Dirt of C 3.655.. US NY CftSt L 45... 107
Alabama class A. .110 Nor & W con 45... 94%
Do class B 110 Do gen Cs .131
Do class C 100 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..11l
Do Currency 100 Do '* 103%
Atchison gen 45. ...101% Oregon S L 65.... .131%
Do adj 4s .82% Do con 55...:. ....112%
Canada So 2ds 11l .Reading gen 45.... 82%
Ches & Ohio 4%5... 94% Rio G W 15t5. ..."... 95%
Do 5* 118% St _■■& I M con 6s. 117 ,
Chi & N XV con 78.144 |St Lft S F gen 65. 175 j
Do S F deb a 5.. ..122 jSt Paul con 167%
Chicago Term 45...102%|5t P C ft P 15t5. ...123%
Den & Rio G 15t5. .105%; Do 5s 123%
Do 4s 102% So Railway 5s 11l
E T V ft G 15t5... 105% Stand R & T 65... -7
Erie gen 4s 71*4 , Tenn new set 35... 97%
FXVft D C lsts... 85 Tex _ Pacific lsts. ll6
Gen Electric 5s 120% Do 2ds 55%
G H & S A 65.... 114 Union Pacific 45... 107%
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts 115
H ft T,C 5s 113 Do 2ds 100
Do con 6s 112% West Shore ...IPI-,
lowa Cent lets 114% Wis Cent lsts "2%
X C P ft G lsts.... 65 (Va Centuries 86
La new con 4s 110 ' Do Deferred 5
L & N unified 45.. 99% Colo Southern 45.. S.
■'.":'■' MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 22 Ophlr * '"V
Con Cal ft V....„. 125, Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 "'
! Gould ft Curry 251 Do prefd Bno
Hale ft Norcross.. 30' Sierra Nevada 7»
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 ■«
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 28
Mexican ■ 40 1 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 43%
Call loans 3%®!*. West End....'....... 92
Time loans 3%®4 Westlnghouse 1-1.. 50
Stocks— Do prefd 64
Atch Top _St Fe. 18% Bonds—
Do prefd 55% Atchison 4s 100%
American 5ugar... 156% Mining Shares—
Do prefd 117 Adventure 11%
j Bell Telephone 34S [Alloue. Mm C 0.... 10%
! Boston & Albany.. 2s7 Atlantic 12
' Boston Elevated... lll I Boston & M0nt.... 360
Boston ft Maine... Butte & 805t0n.... 91
Chi Bur & Q 131% Calumet & Hecla..S3o
Ed Elec 111 198 Centennial 40
Fitchburg prefd.... 116% Franklin 22
Gen Electric 118%|Humboldt 2%
I- prefd 137 Osceola 88
! Federal 5tee1...... 60% Parrott 64
Do prefd 81% Qulncy 168
Mexican Central... 14 Santa Fe Copper... 13%
I Michigan Tel 95 Tamarack 225
Old Colony 209 Winona- 16
! Old Dominion 43%, Wolverine 45%
Rubber 45
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. May 19.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail-
able cash balance, $264,094,588; gold reserve,
(226,034,556. _.
x, THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 19.— The Commercial Ad-
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were stagnant but steady to-
day. Americans opened hard and London and
the Continent bought up to half a point above
parity. New York then eased off and the close
was about at the opening level.
Tlntos were 50%. Anacondas were 12% on
American buying in the street.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 100%; Northern Pacific,
79%: Union Pacific, 46%; Grand Trunk, 8; Ana-
conda, 12% ,-. bar silver, uncertain, 28d per ounce;
money, I®l% Per cent.
STOCK OPERATIONS ON WALL STREET.
NEW YORK. May 19. — Bradstreefs Re-
view of the New York stock market to-
morrow will say: Ex-Governor Flower
had been the most conspicuous bull leader f&r
the past two weeks, and the success which had
attended his operations in People's Gas, Rock
Island, New York Air Brake, Federal Steel,
Brooklyn Rapid Transit and ether leading
stocks had given an influence with the
speculative public unparalleled in the history
of the stock market. The unexpected news of
his death which awaited Wall street last i
Saturday morning seemed to many the signal i
for a decided break In the market. On the I
other hand. it was quickly recognized that the j
large financial Interests engaged ln the mar- |
ket would be sure to prevent any serious mis-
hap. This proved to be the case, and though j
at the opening on Saturday morning a- flood of j
short selling and liquidation was met which
carried People's Gas down from 119, the pre- '
ceding night's close, to Ml, Brooklyn Rapid j
Transit from 117% to 100 and Federal Steel from
61% to 50, with corresponding declines In not
only the Flower stocks, but ln other parts of
the list, there was almost instantly a sharp
rally. Brokers who are credited with acting
for the Standard Oil Interest, for Keene and
other large operators, had buying orders and
prices were advanced so that a large part of the
early declines were regained. The danger of
an outpouring of the long stocks held by com-
mission houses for their customers was thus
averted, and the liquidation, if one was neces
sary, became a question of time. Further as-
sistance was given to the market by the ap
pearance of an excellent bank statement on
, Saturday and by the assurance that the lead-
ing banks would, so far as it was proper for
them to do so, extend all needful accommoda
tion to stock market borrowers.- It also ap
peared that the late Mr. Flower had no large
speculative holdings, that the firm in which he
was a principal partner would continue with-
out change and that his associates were fully
convinced of the value „ his properties. Be-
vond this it was recognized that the larger in-
terests .of the street having various Important
deals on hand, like the Amalgamated Copper
Company subscription or the financing of the
i Carnegie Steel Company, would not and could
not allow the market to become demoralized.
' Support from such quarters was plainly ap-
parent throughout the week. The Indisposition
of the general public to buy stocks and the ten-
dency to reduce long holdings was also no less
: marked. London, though at first obliged to
acquire stocks at the concessions, afterward
turned a seller and was credited with dispos-
• ing of considerable holdings of Baltimore and
I Ohio securities and of Southern Pacific when
they exhibited a rising disposition. The mark-
ed strength of the bond market- and advance of
Government bond values, together with the rel
; ative steadiness of the dividend paying stock
list, was taken into account by the market, but
i on the other hand the granger shares seemed
heavy, a fact attributed to the continuance of
' unfavorable crop rumors. The support, which
has already been described, was in the earlier
part of the week largely concentrated in the
i Flower Blocks and the Industrials. Sugar. was
'■ made active and strong again and further re-
I coveries scored in People's Gas, Federal Steel,
Brooklyn Rapid Transit and their companions.
' The decision of Governor Roosevelt to call an
; extra session of the New York Legislature for
• the purpose of amending the Ford franchise tax
I bill was another factor having a favorable ef
fect upon speculative sentiment. Nevertheless,
by Thursday a renewed reaction took place ln
the Flower stocks and industrials, while the
■ support seemed to shift to the grangers and
i the dividend . payers. On Friday the market
was generally dull and Irregular and showed
a disposition to sell off.
I BRADSTREET'S ON CONDITION OF TRADE
NEW YORK, May 19.— Bradstreefs of to-
morrow will says:
The feature of the trade situation this week
is the renewed strength of wheat and other
cereals, iron and steel and last, but not least.
raw wool, which has heretofore lagged behind
other staples in a discouraging way. The
, price-making features in cereals are not en-
tirely of encouraging character, being chiefly
; the less favorable reports as to the growing
crop West and Northwest and advances of in
' sect damage influencing Western markets
i toward a higher plane in the face of a dls-
couragingly small export business, caused in
' some degree by the continuance of the strike
'of grain-handlers at Buffalo, checking the
i movements of large quantities of grain to the
seaboard. The added strength in iron is based
Jargely upon heavy buying of plgiron in the
Central West, sympathetically influencing
prices at all markets. Reports are of old and
' new furnaces going Into blast, but these ad
' vices and the new plants projected to be built
' apparently do not reassure consumers, who are
beginning to place orders for the first part
of next year at present prices. Excitement ln
iron is not ' confined entirely to this country.
i however, as shown by a speculative advance at
leading British markets, but a sample of the
Irregularity caused by the immense current
I world's demand Is furnished in the case of for-
eigners seeking supplies in this country at the
same time that orders for rails have been
placed by American companies with the Eng-
; lish makers. Foreign wool markets continue
above American, heavy sales of Australian
i wools for re-export are made and heavy sup
j porters of .this class of wool are nearly ex-
hausted at' Boston. Aside from the exceptions
noted the tendency is toward steadiness ln
prices and most provisions, coffee and sugar
l among groceries, lead and copper among met-
I als and cotton and its various manufactures
' among textiles, are all reported unchanged on
i the week. Speculation in cotton lags, notwith-
standing good trade advices from home and
abroad, and rather less favorable crop reports.
Lumber, as for a long time past, continued in
excellent demand. Building activity is wide
read, prices hold all their old advances and
the tendency Is apparently still upward. Re-
fined sugar Is in rather better demand, but
raws are rather quiet at last: week's decline.
: Hides and leather are strong at old quota-
tions, a new feature reported this week being
a good demand for some grades of upper leath
er for export account. Less favorable weather
has tended to check distributive demand at re-
tail, but ln the wholesale lines trade is regard-
ed as very fair and even satisfactory for the
advanced stage of the season.
I Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2.212,206 bushels, against 3/284.
- bushels last week, 4.064,832 bushels In the
corresponding week of 18-8; 2,655,8— bushels In
1897; 1,-06.005 bushels in 1894 and. 2,754,023 bush-
els in 1893. Since July 1 this season the ex-
! ports of wheat aggregate 205,271,C54 bushels,
I against 286,4*7,456 bushels last year. Business
I failures for the week number 166 against 169
last week, 211 in this week a ' year ago, 245
ln 1897, 216 in 1896 and 206 In 1895. •
Business failures In Canada number 18,
against 21 last week, 36 in this week a year ago,
21 in 1897. 28 In 1896, and 25 In 1895.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, May ID.— R. G. Dun ft Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
While buying 200,000 tons of Bessemer pig at
Pittsburg gave reason for the advance in price
to $16 50, with gray forge quoted at *15 per
ton, it is not quite clear as it might be that
the output, which is 255,000 tons monthly, ac-
I™ cording to the Pittsburg Record, and has since
been largely Increased by the addition of many
furnaces, will continue to fall^below < the de-
mand. For the requirements Tn various de-
partments for manufactured products It must
I be recognized as scarcely measurable, and does
| not seem as much diminished as might be ex-
pected by higher prices and long delay In de-
liver)*- f In plates, for instance, the demand
I covers many, thousand tons for bridges at Chi
THE SAN /. FRANCISCO CALL, SATTJIU) AT, MAY 20. 15 99. ■
cago and Pittsburg and a Philadelphia concern
accepted several thousand tons and ' afterward
was obliged to refuse more after a concern In
the same city refusing over 1200 tons. The j
shipments of boots and shoes from the East
have been for, two weeks of May 22 per cent I
larger than last year and 50.9 per cent larger j
than ln 1892. Better prices, which have been .
asked for several months, are now more gen- ;
erally paid for men's w ar, though most works
are covered by earlier orders for four months i
ahead or more. Leather shows hesitation, deal-
ers apparently questioning whether the rise
has not been too much. At Chicago the same
question runs through the hide market, though
advances are slight.
Speculators are doing a large business ln i
wool, acme foreign and some American. They j
have bought 7,000,000 pounds of Australian wool j
ln bond here, as Is now reported, andl, about j
1,000,000 rounds of domestic Territory wool is j
also said to have been sold for export at about '
42c clean. But this does not cast much light ,
on the - question whether speculative eales I
abroad have yet been covered or will be within >
a short time, nor Is there any indication that I
the market here will respond to the temporary I
foreign demand. The orders for woolen goods j
are decidedly better and although the Woolen j
Association is not yet in operation It seems to j
have given some confidence to speculators In !
woolen goods. ';■-".. v'
Wheat has advanced during the past week '
about 4c and nobody can tell why. although j
the exports in the past two weeks have been .
1,569,006 bushels, flour included, against 8,135,
- last year. Better shipments were expected i
after the opening of navigation and there, is j
really no use in considering the dreams of j
Western speculators and crop reports at this
time. No one can form a fair judgment at .the
middle of May regarding the output which will
be visible to everybody ln the middle of July. |
The best that can be done Is to accept the crop
reports, official and other, almost within defi
nite allowances. Better shipments are ex-
pected after the opening of navigation and
are in fact coming, the outward movement
from Duluth alone in two weeks reaching
nearly 4,000,000 bushels. Lack of rain in Cali
fornia has caused a large reduction ln all es
timates for that State and Pacific exports are
decreasing, and ' holders are less ready to ac-
cept current prices with the prospect of. a
shortage. i ,
Failures for the week have been 147 in the
United States, against. 250 last year, and 17
in Canada, against 29 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, May 19.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the. bank clear-
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
May 19, .with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with ,the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,272,317,950 95.4
Boston 134,184,669 37.9
Chicago 128,942.044 9.3 ....,
Philadelphia 96,997,453 33.4
St. Louis '. . 34,508,415 20.4 ....
Pittsburg 28,851,161 75.4
Baltimore 23,197,062 20.9
San Francisco .... 19, 925. 16.0
Cincinnati 14.593,550 14.7
Kansas City 11,904,624
New Orleans 7,870,794 7.9 — j
Minneapolis 8.426,277 .... 3.0 ;
Detroit 8,488,831 34.2 .... I
Cleveland 9.304,972 33.6
Louisville 7,624,445 8.9 ....
Providence 6,623.200 36.0 .... |
Milwaukee 5,627,723 3.3 .... I
St. Paul 4.800,593 15.9- .... i
Buffalo i 5,015.297 16.1 .... i
Omaha 4.556,060 .... 25.4 j
Indianapolis 6.106,103 .... 2.1
Columbus, O - 4.885,800 .... 6.0..
Savannah.... 2.033,743 5.0
Denver 2.949.196 14.4 .... j
Hartford 2.521,772 3.0 .:..
Richmond 3,074,089 45.7 ....
Memphis 1,691.159 .... 12.5
Washington 2,542,428 26.0 .... ]
Peoria 1,603.122 .... 6.0 j
Rochester 2,113,411 23.9 ....
New Haven 1,674,660 .... 6.9
Worcester 1,618.28. 2.5 .... I
Atlanta 1,309.706 10. .... !
Salt Lake City 2,250,339 46.5 .... j
Springfield, Mass .. 1,791,515 45.2
Fort Worth 1,679.033 .... |
Portland. Me 1.4-7.-38 4.0 .... j
Portland. Or 1,468,014 .... 28.2 ]
St. Joseph 3,493.705 j
Los Angeles 1,655.585 ' 15.4 ....
Norfolk 1,026,659 . 7.8 .... I
Syracuse 1.218,287 .... 4.3
Dcs Moines ........ 1.573,174 24.7
Nashville 1,437.413 I
Wilmington. Del .. 893,014 6.0
Fall River 911.420 IS.I .... ;
Scranton 953.031 .... 3.1
Grand Rapids 1,552.000 67.2 \...
Augusta. Ga 528,833 .... 12.8
Lowell 764.735 9.4
Dayton, 0 1.023,103 43.6
Seattle 1,506,030 .... .....
ion- 788.145 .... 27.0 ;
i Spokane 1.358.3.9 55.6 .... j
I Sioux City ' 946.520 20.3
New Bedford 539.310 6.3 .... j
' Kno_vllle. Term.... 604. 15.8 .... '
i Topeka '. 696.956 .... 9.4
1 Birmingham .88,9-7 35.0 —
j Wichita 534.536 .... 2.5
Binghamton 447,900 31.0 ....
j Lexington, Ky..... 539,495 86.3 ._. ,
Jacksonville, Fla.. 232.447 .... .... '
Kalamazoo 319.669 .... .
Akron -68.000 25.9 .... j
Youngstown ........ 392.192 42.5 ....
Chattanooga 366,792 7.3
Rockford, 111 292.465 23.7
Canton, 0.. 241,700 16.9 .... ;
I Springfield. O.r 246.237 29.4 .... [
Fargo, N. D 255,670 21.4*
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 56,709 .... 36.0
Hastings. Neb 121,374 .... 1.6
. Fremont, Neb v 80,349 .... 23.0.
Davenport 695.727 17.9 .
Toledo 792.522 .... 43.0 I
Galveston ' 4,605,700 9.0 !
.Houston 2,476.587 ....
Evansvllle 882,093 10.5
Helena 693,016 19.6
Macon .......~r 427:000 -3.1
Little Rock 402,580
Springfield 408.381
Totals, U. 5....... 51,909,403,066 43.8
Totals outside of -,'■'•'
New York 637,085.116 20.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal '..' 815.821, 23.6
Toronto 9.152.410 16.2 .....
Winnipeg 1,527,767 29.2
Halifax .". 1,232.230
Hamilton 678,295 .... 2.1
St. John, N. B 672,148 9.2
Vancouver 780,933 .... .... '
Victoria 531,212
Totals .$29,080,144 14.8
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 19.— Receipts,
15,810 barrels; exports, 9843 barrels. Generally
firm : winter straights, '$3 60@3 65; Minnesota
patents, $3 90®4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 76.775 bushels; exports,
16,994 bushels. Spot dull; No. 2 red. 84c spot
and to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80' -c,
elevator; No. 1 Northern Puluth, 84c, f. o. "b.
afloat to arrive.. Options opened firm on active
foreign buying and local covering, following
bad crop reports and strong cables. Later >
broke l%c under all-around liquidation, but
again rallied %c, with the closing at %*a%c net
advance. May, 80%©82 c. closed 81% c: July,
78 l-16@79%c. closed 7S%c; September, 76 16-16©
78% c, closed 77% c; December, 77%® 78 13-16 c,
closed 7S%c.
HOPS—DuII.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Buyers were extremely, conserva-
I tive all day, and In the absence of pressing of-
I ferings from producers the market ruled un-
i changed and featureless. There was nothing in
! foreign or Western news to alter the Ideas of
local traders. At the close the Metal Exchange
| called pig iron warrants quiet, > with $11 25 bid
I and $11 60 asked; lake copper, dull, at $19; tin,
dull and easy, with $25 50 bid and $25 60 asked;
lead, dull, with $4 45 bid and $4 50 asked; spel
ter, quiet, with $6 75 bid and $7 asked.
Brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for copper
$18 75@19, ' -■
COFFEE— Options closed steady, net un-
changed. Sales, 4500 bags. Including July, $5 15;
November, $5 45. Spot coffee— Rio dull; mild,
quiet, but steady. -■
SUGAR— Raw, firmer in tone. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3410 packages; weak;
Western creamery, 15® 18% c; factory. 11%® 13c.
Receipts, 3280 packages; steady; West-
em. 13®14c; Southern, 11%0.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK,- May 19.— California dried furlts
qulet.
<4 EVAPORATED - APPLES— 7®Bc;
prime wire tray, B%®>9c; choice, 9%®9'4c; fancy,
9%®ioc. --"•■;-./---'
PRUNES— S% -ii 9 Vic. -
APRICOTS— Royal, 11%@14c; Moorpark, 14®
18c. ' ***
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9%®11%c; peeled, 25®
28c. ' ;._ _. ,
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May I?.— Claims of serious dam-
age by Hessian flies, light receipts and re-
ported drought ln Russia started wheat trad-
ers on the rampage at the opening. The pit
was flooded with buying orders by the bulls
and shorts were forced to cover. As a result
%c -was added to last, night's closing price
during the first half hour's trading. Profit tak-
ing on the bulge, however, checked the up-turn
and sent prices off a cent, but outside demand
took care of the liquidation and the rally frorm.
the break was as prompt as the decline had
been. : ' , . , ,
After that the market ruled quiet within
narrow limits until . the close. Reduced esti-
mates by' prominent statisticians of the winter
wheat yield encouraged - buying. July opened
a shade higher at 73%@74c, advanced to 74%
@74% c, declined to 73% c, and closed with buy-
ers at 73% c. -'; ' " ' V ' -
Corn ruled weak, Influenced by favorable
growing weather and Increase in the country
movement and slack cash demand. July closed
%c lower. ">'-.■■ ■■ '1 . . "■■•■•
Oats • declined under liquidation and short
selling due to favorable crop reports.
Extensive buying of lard by packing con-
cerns and higher prices for hogs strengthened
provisions. Pork advanced 7%c, lard ,7% _ 10c
and ribs . 5c. ;
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles-*-* Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
May..: 72% 73% 72% . 72%
July ....'. 74 74*4 73% 73%
September ......... 73% . 74% 73%. 73%
Corn No. 2— , , . •
May 32% .32% 32% 32%
July 33% 33% 32% 33%
September 34% • 34% 33% 33%
/ Oats No. 2— ' ••■■.-.«.
May 27% 27% .27 •• 27%
July .:.......:..;.... 24% * 24% 23% 23%
September .21 „ 21% 20% 21
Mess Pork, per barrel— -.
July .................8 20 825 8 27% 8 22%
September ..........8 37% : 8 42% 835 S4O .
Lard, per 100 pounds , s -
July ;-.: 510 5 17% 510 .5 17%
September ..5 25 530 5 27% 530
Short-Ribs, ncr 100 pounds- - -
July .................4 70 4 72% 4 67% 470
September 482% 485 4 82% 485
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, 'quiet and firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
73®73%c ; No. 3 spring wheat, 68*.72% c; . No. 2
red, 74%@76c; No. 2 corn, 33c; No. 2 oats. 27% c: j
No. 2 white, 30c; No. 3 white.' 23@29%c; No. 2
rye, 62c; No. 2 barley. 35@40c; No. 1 flax seed,
$1 02%; prime timothy seed,- $2 25; mess pork, ]
per barrel, $8 15®8 20; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 10
06 12%; short ribs sides (loose), $4 50@4 80; dry I
salted shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c: short clear j
sides boxed). $4 95®5; whisky, distillers' fin-
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf.
unchanged; clover, contract grade, $6 10®6 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 20.000 . * ' 7,000
Corn, bushels .". 67,000 190,000
Oats, bushels 177,000 395,000
Rye. bushels 7,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 5,000 3.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 12@18%c; Dai
ries, 10®13c. Eggs, steady; fresh. ll%c. Cheese.
steady; Creameries, 9@10%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Wheat— ■ May. July.' Sept.
Opening .5 8% 5 7%
Closing 5 8% 5 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ...,....: 1 20 60 20 30
Closing 20 60 . 20 30
Flour-
Opening 43 40 27 70
Closing 43 40 27 65
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 19.— CATTLE— _he small
CHICAGO, May 19.— CATTLE— _he small
supply to-day was quickly taken at strong
prices. Fancy grades brought $5 50®5 60; choice
steers, $5 25@5 40; medium, $4 80@4 95; beef
steers. $4 30&4 75; stockers- and feeders, $4®
6 25; bulls. $3(y4 25; cows and heifers, $3@4 25;
Western fed steers, $4 60@5 40; Texans, $4@5;
calves, $4 50®5 70.
HOGS— There was an active demand and
prices ruled fully 2%c higher. Fair to choice,
$3 80(54; heavy packers, $3 60*33 82%; mixed.
$3 65@5 17%; butchers, $1 70@1 75; lights, $3 50®
3 90; pigs, *3 35@3 75.
SHEEP— Trade in sheep and lambs was active
i <-t the recent advance. Sheep brought $4 75®
> 5 55; yearlings, $5 50@5 65; shorn lambs, $4 25®
6 75 and wooled lambs, $6 50@6 75.
i Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 24,000; sheep,
; 9000. ;-,:
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 19.— third series of the
wool auction sales closed to-day with the usual
good attendance.. The offerings numbered ' 7758
bates and included a fair selection of merinos
and especially scoured, which brought out
active competition. Greasy was actively
bought by . France and ■ New Zealand cross-
breds were In large supply and were prin
cipally taken by Yorkshire at full rates. The
general . tone at the close of the sale to-day
was very firm. To-day's Continental advices
reported terminal markets again advanced 10
centimes. During the series ended to-day prac
ticably the whole available amount catalogued
was sold, only 4500 bales being carried .over. |
The Continental buyers purchased 95,000 bales
and the home buyers 85.000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May Consols, 110 5-16; silver,
2Sd: French rentes. 102f 45c: wheat cargoes off
coast, quiet and, steady; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance 3d.
LIVERPOOL, May WHEAT— Firm; wheat
In Parts, steady; flour In Paris, steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
rainy. ,
COTTON— 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western, firm. 5s ll%d;
No. 1 red Northern Duluth, firm, 6s 3d. Fu
tures, firm; May. nominal; July, 5s B'.d; Sep
tember, Efl 77r,d. . -;,--'--; .-?
CORN— Spot American mixed old, ' firm, 3s
6%d. ■ „
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 19.— Clearances, $277,
- balances, $38,342.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON. !
PORT—AND, Or., May 19.— The local wheat
PORTLAND, Or., May 19.— The local wheat
I market is struggling under the handicap of
no tonnage and buyers are indifferent about
doing business at the rates demanded. . Walla
Walla can still be worked at 57c, but Valley
Is apparently under the ban and some of the
dealers refuse to pay over 57c for It, although
others bid from lc to l.c more. Blue stem
! Is quoted at 59® 60c.
WASHINGTON. .. , .
TACOMA, ' Wash., May 19.— ■ local wheat
■ market fell off %c to-day. Club, 56% c; blue
j stem. 59% c.
{, CALIFORNIA . FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May 19.— Earl Fruit Com-
pany sold and realized the following prices for
: California fruit at auction to-day: Alexander
Peaches, averaged $2 63; Clyman Plums, aver
■■ aged $1 63. - -
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days'. — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 16 I
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • 17% !
Mexican Dollars — . 50 " |
Fine Silver, per ounce -— 60% i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A good deal of lurid bull news Is |
being received here and at Chicago, but it has !
little effect on the market. Yesterday's Install- '
i ment reported a strong Chicago market, with j
! foreigners buying. The news from Russia was \
! unfavorable, and the crop outlook in the Dan- ]
I üblan and Black Sea districts was quoted as
sensationally bad. Snow, the statistician, an- !
j nounced that winter wheat had gone back fast :
' in the past ten days, and that the country i
would not raise 275.000.000 bushels. Toward the
close the Chicago market shaded off on heavy
sales of long wheat. '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1050106%; milling,
$1 OS%@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 15. ;'.;,
Second Session— December 2ooo ctls, $1 15%;
} 32,000, $1 15%; 22,000. $1 15%. May— 2ooo, $107%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls, |
! $1 15%; 18,000, $1 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 15%; 16.000. $1 15%.
BARLEY— The May squeeze is being worked •
for all It is worth. The squeezers are being as-
sisted by the very light spot stocks and not '
over brilliant crop prospects, and are advanc- '
1 ing the market on the shorts dally, as will be
seen by the quotations. \
Feed, $1 1001 12%; Brewing. $1 15©1 17% per
ctl.
• CALL BOARD SALES. ,
. Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. '
Regular Morning Session Seller '99, new —
4000 ctls. 87% c. December— 4ooo, 91% c.
Afternoon December— 2ooo ctls, 91% c.<
OATS— The market has become almost bare
and Is as firm as ever, though there is no fur-
ther advance.
Fancy Feed, $1 47%® 1 50 per* ctl; good to
Fancy Feed, $1 47%@1 60 pert ctl;' good to
choice, $1 42%©1 47%; -common, $1 37%®1 40;
Surprise, $1 50; Gray, $1 35®1 45; Milling, $1 45®
150 per ctl; Red, $1 36@1 40; Black, $130®
1 32%. . ,
CORN— Small round yellow Is still higher and
strongly held. Receipts from the East have
fallen off considerably.
Small round *: Yellow, $1 30@1 40; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 12%@1 15; White, $1 15@1 17%;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, nomi
nal. • -'■'-*•'-■'.'; ;"-.-- ' -• •
RYE— sl®l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. .
FLOUR AND: MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers', extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40®3 45 per i bbl for extra,
$3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 30©2 50 for super-
fine. " ...
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol-
lows, usual discount, to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 76; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7;, Cornmeal. $2 50; ex-
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats, .$4 75: Hominy, $3 2508 50;- Buck-
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
! Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55®6 95; In sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. *. --•,;- ...v,
1 — — — — "•■,v--^v --:
- HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
• Middlings have again advanced^ Rolled Bar
! ley Is rising, In syr/pathy with the raw pro
| duct. ." - . .. , ....".-' : ; ..
The continued light receipts of Hay are at
last affecting the market, which is reported
firmer, though there Is no advance. Buyers go
down to the cars, , find :no Hay .• for sale, and
walk away again. Dealers say that they will
soon have to start in buying, and then things
may change. y * ■ -.'
BRAN— SI 6 50©17 per ton. , ■-..■•
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50®20 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, $23@24 , per
ton; Oilcake Meal . at the mill, $250241 50; Job-
bing, $27 60; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Cornmeal,
$23 50©24 50; Cracked Corn. $24® 25; Mixed
Feed, $15©16; Cottonseed Meal, -$24026 per ton. _
Wheat, $10®12 for good to choice and
$7 50@9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $7®
11; Oat, $6®10; Barley, $6®B; Alfalfa, $4®6 50.
; STRAW— per bale.
\ BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dullness still characterizes, the market. No
change in quotations.'' '■"/;'/.'
: BEANS— Bayos, $1 40®1 50; Small White. $1 90
02 10; ; Large Whites, : $1 50@1 60; Pinks, $170®
1 80; Reds. $3 50; Blackeye. $4 10@4 25; Butters,
j nominal; Llmas. $3 90@4 05; Pea, $2 25®2 40; Red
I Kidneys, $2 2562 40 per ctl.
! >'. SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
j Mustard. 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
j 2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy, 4%®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green. $2 10®
2 35 per ctl. *
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
•Receipts were 484 boxes Asparagus, 376 boxes
Rhubarb. 463 sacks Peas, 125 boxes and 80 sacks
Beans and 2720 boxes and 384 sacks new Po
tatoes.
Receipts of new Potatoes from the river were
heavier, , but prices held up. Onions 'were
plentiful and dull.
String Beans continue high. Other Vegeta
bles stand about the same.
POTATOES— $I®l 25 per ctl for .Early Rose.
$1 25@1 50 for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 250
1 70; New Potatoes, l®l%c per lb in sacks and
$1 25®1 75 for Rivers in boxes.
t ONIONS— OId are nominal; new, 25@40c per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75c®$l 25 per box
; for No. 2, $160@1 75 for No. 1 and $2@2 25 for
j • fancy; Rhubarb, . 25®60c per box for common
and 75c@$l for good to choice; Green Peas, $1
! @1 50 per sack for common and 2%c for Garden:
String Beans from Los Angeles, s@6c for green
i and 6®Bc for Golden Wax; String Beans from
; Vacavilie, 6®Sc for Green and 6@9c for Wax;
j Horse Beans, 50cS$l per sack; Cabbage, $1 40:
] Tomatoes, $1 .",o^2 50 per box; Egg Plant, 10®
j 15c per lb; Garlic, s@6c for new; Dried Okra,
15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c: Green Peppers,
] 10* i 15c; Carrots. 25®35c per sack: Hothouse Cv-
I cumbers, 40c@$l per dozen; Sacramento ;Cu
! cumbers, 40®50e; Marysville Cucumbers, $3 per
j box; Summer Squash, 75c@$l 25 per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The last car of Eastern this week arrived
yesterday. The market shows no change wor
thy of note. - .
.POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@13c for Gob
] blers and 13® for Hens; Geese, per pair,
| $1 50; Goslings, $2; Ducks, $4 50@5 50 for old and
jss 50®7 for young; Hens, $4 50(??5 50; young
I Roosters. $7® B 50; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
1 $6®6 50; Broilers, $4 50<*r5 50 for large. $2 50®
j 3 50 for small: Pigeons, $2 25@2 50 per dozen for
old and $2®2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese continues to decline, as the market is
overloaded. «
Butter and Eggs continue steady at un-
I changed quotations.
BUTTER— V:-•.;■.-
- Creamery, 16%@17c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c; good to Choice, 13@14%c;
store. 11® 12c per lb. naßra|g!£»__M|__
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9c; old, 8c;
Young America, 10c'; Eastern, 13@15c. •
EGGS— at 15®16c for store and 17®18c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16%@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
• Receipts, were 1995 boxes Cherries and 763
chests Strawberries.
Apricots sold at $3 per crate for Winters and
|$2 per box for Yuba. More green Apples and
green Peaches came in.
. It Is reported on good authority that can
\ ners are contracting for Moorpark Apricots in
the Santa Clara Valley at $50 per ton. It is
' also reported, but not confirmed, that $40 is be
i ing bid for Bartlett Pears.
The Oregon crop Is reported in a bad way by
j the Government Section Director.- Prunes,
i Peaches and Cherries will be seriously short,
but Pears and Apples promise a fair yield.
Currants came in again and sold at $1 per
i drawer.
I Cherries were still weak again, but there was
mo ' decline of any consequence. Berries were
i steady. --■ ~.
DECIDUOT'P r-RUTTS—
! Apples. $1 50©2 50 for fair to good and $3@3 50
1 for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 75c per
■ box. x
RERRIEP— Ooc«eberri". ?.">c per cirswr and
I 2®3c . per lb In bulk: v Blackberries, from Co
' vlna. $2 25 per crate;, from Newcastle, $1 5001 60
I per crate; Strawberries, $3 50® 5 per chest for
I small and $3® 4 for large berries; Raspberries.
' 25@75cper drawer; Newcastle Raspberries. $150
| per crate.
Cherries, 35050 c for red, 40©60 c for white, 75
! ®85c for Royal Anne and 50c®$l per box for
j black; black, in bulk, 6®Bc; white, 3@sc per
lb; Royal Anne, 6@7c:
Apricots, $3 per crate and $2 per box.
Peaches, $1 25 per box. \
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2503 75
per box; Seedlings, $1 2502 25: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 5002 25; Lemons, $1 25®1 50 for com-
mon and $202 50 for good to choice Mexican
' Limes. $4 50; California Limes, 50@75c per
i small box: Grape Fruit. $1 6002 50; Banana-,
;$1 5002 .per bunch; Pineapples, $3® 4 per
; dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS. •
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 5®
5%c for 50-60' 4®4%c for 60-70' s., 3%@3%c for
! 70-80" s, - 2%®3%c for 80-90's. 2%®2%c for 90-100's
and 2®2%c for 110's; Peaches. B"_®9%c for
I good to choice. iOolO%c for fancy and 14®15c for
I peeled; Apricots. 12%®18c for Royals and 14015 c
I for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 909% c; sun
dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums, nominal.
: l%c for.unplttedand 4%®6c for pitted; Pears.
3®9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 4%®6c for Seedless
1 Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for I-jndcn Layers; Dried Grapes. 2»4®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts. s®Bc
; for hardshell, 10® lie for softshell; Almonds. 8®
: 9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell. 14016 c for
I papershell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and 4%©
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 6005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and.B@9c
for lower grades: water white extracted, 7%®
I 7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 535% c
per lb. • :--."-•: .1; ;
BEESWAX- per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is nothing new in the situation. Prices
for almost all descriptions are firm.
CURED MEATS— 8c per lb for heavy,
B%®9c for light medium, 10%®llc for light. 12c
for extra light and 12%®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. ll@ll%c: California
Hams, 10®10%c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl: extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $15® 15 50: extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%®5%c per lb for
compound and 7%o7*!ic for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c; ]0-ib tins, B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c: .-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, S%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs,' 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7% c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. .
HIDES AND. SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9®9%c; light.: B%c; Cow-
hides. 9c; Stags, 6©6% c: Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15®15%c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Wool, 36®60c each: medium. 7.090.; long Wool-,«
9_C©sl 10 each: Horse - Hides, salt. $1 7502 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%®3%e: refined,' •; grease. 3c.
' WOOL — Spring : Clips — San Joaquin and
Southerns. 7 months, 7®9c; year's staple. 6®Bc;
Foothill and Northern free, 10®12c: - Foothill
and Ncrthern defective, 8@10c: Nevada, 9®l2c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll®l2c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 <B>Bc
Southern 5%®7c
Plains • 5%@6
- crop. 10©llc per lb for ordinary,
12_12%c for good and 13^150 for "choice to
fancy from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
* j BAGS— Bags are weaker, as crop pros-
pects are not as brilliant as a month ago. Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 5%©5% c for June and July;
Wool ': Bags, 26®2Sc ; San Quentin Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington. *8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 JC
in. sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60: Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
RICE— mixed, $3 90®3 95t China No. 1.
$4 -004 90:^ extra do. $5®5 35; Hawaiian. $6©
6 25: Japan. $4 2504 90; Louisiana. $5®6 50. '
LINSEED ,*___- -Is lower at 50c per gallon
for raw and 52c for boiled, In barrels; cases, 5c
more.
LUCOL— Is lower at 43c per gallon for raw
and 47c for boiled in barrels; cases, 5. more.
.SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany quotes; terms-net cash, In • 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine CrUshed, 5%c:
Powdered." 6%c; : Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry
Granulated. ; 5V.c; Confectioners' A, sV>e: Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more, half barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more; 60-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or ' Its
equivalent. :Y}'-Y' -
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are a fraction off, as packers cannot
pay 6c and get out even. Four cars of Eastern
arrived, and* more are on the way. The other
descriptions are . unchanged..
i. ->;>■■■ ■ 'tes Jrom slaughterers to dealers-
BEEF— 7%@B%c per lb f or. Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb. '
' MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c' per lb
'.. LAMB— Spring. B®B%c per lb. "
FORK- Live . Hogs, 5%®5?4c for small, 5%©
5%c for medium and 5@5%c for large; stock
Hogs and - Feeders, 4%ii)sc; dressed Hogs -7
©B%c. ■■■■.-■ ' ■■ - ■-■'■■'■-■ .. ■ .
' RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
• For Friday. May 19. .
Flour, qr sks...;. 7,463|Sugar, bb15..... 40
Wheat, ct15....... 6,3so iChicory, bbls.. " - - 20
Barley, ctls.-. 2,8301 Straw, t0n5.....* To
Oats, ctls, 0r.... ■ 420 Hay, : tons '" i-> 7
Butter, ct15....... ;. 255 Pelts, bd15. ....... '-. 260
Cheese, ctls . 172 Wool, bag 5......;. ' 475
Beans, -5k5........ 257 Eggs, d0z........ '; 20 520
Potatoes, sks 2,843 Quicksilver, - flks „*>
Onions, sks 671 Leather, . r0115...! •■' 53
Bran, 5k5... ...... 1,100 Lumber, feet.... 20 000
Middlings, sks.... 220 Wine, ': ga15... V.*.*23' 600
Mustard, 5k5..... 442 Hides, n0......... l'loi
Middlings, sks.... 1,345 Wool, bag 5....... '33
Sugar 5k5........ 5,480
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Eggs show no change, hut Cheese
is cheaper.
Meats continue deaf, and there is no imme
diate prospect .of their being any cheaper.
Poultry is in light supply and not materially
changed. . ' ; "
The summer fruits are coming in more freely,
and Peaches and Green Apples are added to the
list. - Apricots are very scarce thus ; far this
year. . ,
Vegetables show no changes worthy of re
mark. '-"i'-U-i -"'''*"
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
list: -*•*?
Coal, per ton — - ' _,
Hannel $ ©12 00 .astle Gate.. s9 60®- —
Wellington . ©10 00 "Southfield -..■■»_
Yew Welling- I Wellington ® 9 50
ton -.. -r-®lO 00;*:oos 8ay.... @ 7 00
Seattle ...... 8 00®— i
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per 'Common _g_s..-7%0—
square 40®— I Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 33®— ! dozen 20@—
Do, good.. 30®— Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal .12©— I lb _***12SjS
Cheese, Eastern.. 17® 20 I Do, extracted...— ® 10
"heese, 5wi55..'.. .20025 I
'Meats, per lb— ■ , _
Bacon 12017 Pork, fresh §16
Reef, choice 18®20 Pork, salt 12®lj>
Do,- good ....10015 Pork, chops. Iaft;l8
Corned Beef 8010 Round Steak...... 100-
Ham, . Cal 12%015 Sirloin Steak. .....la®—
Do, Eastern —015 Porterhouse, d 0... 20023
Lard ........10015 Smoked 8eef ......1201a
Mutton 10015 Pork Sausages.. 12%®-0
Lamb 12015 Veal .....1-.IS
Poultry and Game — ' "1/ 1c«?on
Hens, each 50065 Turkeys, per £-..18020
Young Roost- Ducks, each..; 7»c@jlW
ere, each 75c@$l 00 Geese, each 2aftl SU
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, pair ™®_j'
' each .60075; Rabbits, pair., — © 40
Fryers, each —075 Hare. each.... la® a
Broilers, each.. ...50065 1
Fruits and Nuts— „,,
Almonds, lb 15020 1 Limes, doz "*_&_
Green Apples 10ft 12 'Oranges, doz IBgiW
Bananas, doz 20-25 ; Raisins, lb »?1!
Blackberries, . per Raspberries, per
basket 15«25 basket I0®"
Cherries, per lb.. 8015 Strawberries, per
Gooseberries,. 1b... 6ft 8 drawer ?2^T_
Lemons, doz.. 20®— .Walnuts, lb 12®la
Vegetables— ' '_-
Artichokes. doz...2o®so'Lettuce. doz lo'SC~
Asparagus 5012 Mushrooms, ">....— 0—
Beets, doz ...12®15 Onions, lb ,_,?_!_
Beans, white, lb.. 4® 5 Peppers, green, Jbl->®*>
Colored, 1t)....... 4® 5 Potatoes, lb 2™ *
Lima, lb 6®— Do. new 3® 4
Cabbage, each....— ©lo Parsnips. d0z..... is®—
Cauliflowers, each 6010 Rhubarb, per lb.. JUS
Celery, bunch..... 50— Radishes, dz bchs.lo®l-
Cucumbers, per Page, dz bnchs....2oft3a
dozen 75c®$l 50 String Beans, lb. 12
Cress, doz bnchs..2o®2s l Summer Squash, lb SftlO,
Egg Plant, per 15020 1 Thyme, lb 2?539
Green Peas, 1b.... 3® 5 Turnips, doz. 1001 a
Lentils, lb 6© 8 [Tomatoes, lb 15&-0
Fish, per lb— .__,«
Barracuda ........— Ol5 Shad 10012
Carp 100— Striped Bass la©—
Codfish ..... 12©15 Smelts 12015
Flounders -012 Soles 12015
Halibut 15®20 Skates, each .10012
Kingnsh —ft— Tomcod... &~~
Mackerel .'. -©-Clams, gal ....... .50®-
Do. Horse:.::::..-0-!Do, hardshell. 100.40050
Perch 10012 1 Crabs. each........10®1a
Pompano -&- Do, softshell, d°z.2s©3a
Rockfish 15ft— Mussels, qt 1?%.S
Salmon smoked . . 2o- - ! Oysters, Cal, 100 . . 40® 50
Salmon, ' fresh 10012 Do, Eastern. d0z..2.®40
Shrimps WW
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were not as active on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. The feeling was
weak as a rule and Giant Powder declined to
$77 50 and Contra Costa Water to $69 8.%.
There were no marked changes on the after
noon call.
noon call. - . ' .
Mining stocks were rather better under the
usual quiet business. The telegram from the
pump said: "Second elevator is working stead-
ily The water is 177 feet below the 1750 level
and 203 feet below the Sutro tunnel discharge
boxes." .
The Consolidated California and Virginia as
sessment of 25c per share will be delinquent in
the boards to-day. t .
The annual meeting of the Seg. Belcher and
Mldes Consolidated Mining Company has been
called for June 6. _
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has
declared an extra dividend of •$1 per share,
payable May 24. This dividend calls for $80,- |
two" and will make $1,120,000 in dividends since
January L 1895.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay \
a dividend of 40c per share to-day. __._
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared the usual dividends, pay
able on the 25th Inst., the regular and extra
calling for $62,500. ,„'.,_
The Welsbach Commercial Company has de
clared a dividend of 1 per cent on the pre
ferred stock, payable June 1 to stock of record
May. 31. •■,'-' .„
The Hutchinson Plantation Company will
pay a dividend of 25c per share on the 20th
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine at Bodle for the week ending May 13
states that raise 4, in the Moyle vein, 150 level,
shows 14 inches of fair ore in the top. Raise
2 In the New vein on the 318 level- has cut 48
inches of low-grade ore and has been stopped.
Raise 4 ln No. 10 vein on the 31S level has IS |
inches of fair ore in the top. The south drift i
ln the same vein on the 380 level has 12 Inches
of fair ore on the hanging wall side. In the
Bulwer east crosscut on the 528 level they are
cleaning out and laying a new track. The
stopes are yielding the usual quantity of fair
to good ore from various points on the 270,
318, 336. 470, 528 and 582 levels. At the mill 256
tons of ore were crushed during the week.
Average assay value vahner tailings, $13 48;
concentrates produced. IVi tons; assay value,
$1245 7S; plata amalgam produced, 879 troy
ounces; average assay value per ounce, $1 80.
Tailings plant No. 1 treated 253% tons of tail
ings for the week. Plant No. 2 treated 165
tons tailings.
New properties of the Standard Con. at Su-
gar Pine, Cal. (Excelsior mine): In the shaft, I
sinking was resumed May 13. Total -depth of
shaft, 219% feet. On the 211 level the station
timbers have been put in at the 211 level and
crosscut No. 1 has been advanced to a total
length of 17 feet. The old adit level has been
cleaned out for 14 feet.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, May 19—2 p. m.
Mornin_ Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 112 50
300 Contra Costa Water , 70 00
25 Contra Costa Water 69 57%
10 Equitable Gas : '. 7 00
$2000 Ferries & Cliff House bonds 115 50
15 Giant Powder Con 77 75
35 Giant Powder Con 77 50
230 Hutchinson S P C 0... 37 87%
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 107 75
140 Market Street Railway... 63 00
$5000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds... 116 50
150 Paauhau S P Co.. 42 25
10 Pacific : Lighting 45 00
500 S F Gaslight 3 62%
200 S F Gaslight....... 3 75
1 S V Water.... ". 101 75
100 Vigorit Powder.... 4 00
Street— . " » '
$35,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds. ll6 50
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds... 113 50
■": _""%,'.■, Afternoon Session. '.':.;
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water .... 70 00
115 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
40 Hana Plantation Co. b 7 : ..... 17 62%
20 Hutchinson S P Co '... 34 87%
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 107 75
20 Market Street Railway 63 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
65 Oceanic S S Co 90 50
140 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0.,; 67 (HI
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 66 _.>
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 87%
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 123 00 '
$2000 S V 6 per cent bonds lit; 50
$100 U S 3 per cent b0nd5....... .......107 ...
500 Vigorit Powder.... (00
50 Vigorit Powder 4 p.'l..
: Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 113 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
INVESTMENT BOARD.
' Mornin_ Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas. 7 00
- 90 Hana Plantation Co , 17 3711
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 50 "
15 S F Gas & Electric C 0...-. ■.-.' 69 00
20 Oceanic S S Co..:'.i 90 no
' 150 Vigorit Powder '. 375
Afternoon Session.
Board— 1 \
60 Contra Costa Water .'. 69 -;, '
50 Contra Costa Water 70 00
25 Market Street Railway 63 00
25 Market Street Railway 63 12%
20 Giant Powder Con ;-, 77 52%
20 Giant Powder C0n........ -. 77 50'
25 S F Gas ft Electric Co 67 7.-,
100 Vigorit P0wder*1......... 4 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session. "
Board— .
50 Equitable Gas 7 12%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 118 50*
50 Hutchinson S P Co.. 34 02%
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5s .-..- 107 57%
75 Vigorit Powder... 3 $7%
30 Vigorit P0wder......... 4 00
Afternoon' Session.
Board —
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 118 25
, 50 Onomea Sugar Co . 45 00
10 Mutual Electric Light. " iff 00
10 S V Water...;.................; ....102 50
100 Vigorit Powder 4 051/
$3000 U S 3 per cent bonds... .'.IOS-OO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran-
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornln. Session.
400 Caledonia 49 100 Union Con... 43
650 Con Cal ft V...1 45 100 Utah ....... .' " _
200 Justice ......... 19 * - ,".'*-
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta .; OS 100 Occidental ... 27
. KM Best & Belcher 52 " 100 Ophlr .' 115
100 Caledonia '• '58 200 Overman ...... 17
100 Caledonia 60 600 Potosl .... ' 26
50 Challenge.. — . 34 100 Savage ......... 24
50 Con* Cal & V...1 40 200 Union C0n..;..-. 44
100 Justice .....;....: 21 200 Yellow Jacket.. 40
1 400 Mexican ....... 4. ,'■
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: .
- Morninr Session. ■ ■
700 Best & Belcher 62 j 200 Gould & Curry. 31
500- Bullion ..'. 07 500 Justice- ••• #*
700 Challenge Con. " 35 200 Mexican ....... «»
400 Con Cal & V...1 45 200 Mexican «
300 Crown Point... 26 200 Ophlr ....... ....1 10
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha C0n...... 051 200 Confidence .....1 00
200 Best & Belcher 50 400 Crown Point... 29
300 Bullion 07 200 Occidental ..... 30
300 Choi lar 31 500 Occidental ..... 27
200 Con Cal & V...1 45 200 Occidental ..... 28
150 Con Cal & V...1 40 200 Sierra Nev..... .8
1100 Con Cal & V.l 42% 300 Yellow Jacket.. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, May 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Kentuck 04 07
Alta 07 08 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes 09 10 Jfexican 44 45
Belcher 36 37 Occidental 26 28
Best & Belcher 50 51 Ophir 105 110
Bullion 06 08 Overman 17 18
Caledonia 52 57 Potosi 25 28
Chollar 80 32 Savage 21 25
Challenge Con. 34 35 Scorpion — 03
Confidence 1001 03 Seg Belcher...: 03 04
Con Cal & V...1 40 145 Sierra Nev 77 73
Con Imperial... 01 02] Silver Hi 11...... — 03
Crown Point... 23 29lSyndicate 05 —
Con New York. — 02 -Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis... 05 —
Gould & Curry. 31 32 Union Con 43 44
Hale _ Norcrs. 33 35 Utah 15 18
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 40 41
Justice 20 21
_—_■___— __^ _■—__—■_—— «j
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th.
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ' _____
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. " I Pier
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 19.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 46% hours from Port-
land, via Astoria 39 %hours.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. 24 hours frm Eureka,
Stmr Sunol. Liebip. 61 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 76 hours from De-
parture Bay.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson, 16 hours from Usal.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 68 hours fm Grays
Harbor.
Schr S Danielson, Crangle, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Winchester, Huhs, IS days from Unimak
Island.
Schr A M Baxter, Marshall, 22 days from
Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 19.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall, Per-
kins & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, Newport ;Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. May 19.
Stmr Lakme. Weber. Seattle.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Newburg. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Bark Aureola, Mercer. Wlllapa Harbor.
Bktn -.Planter. McNeill. Honolulu.
Schr Nettie Low, Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Oceania Vance, Murchison, Eureka,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT BOS— May 19. 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The W G Irwin loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Seminole loads lumber at Moodyville for
Sydney, '< a.
SPOKEN.
Apr 3—40 S 68 W, Br ship Ancaios, from
Liverpool for San Francisco.
Apr 88 On Equator. 26 W. Br bark Kirkhill,
from Cardiff for Esquimau.; becalmed.
DOMESTIC PORTS. -
TACOMA— Arrived May 18- Stmr Al-Kl and
stmr Rosalie, from Dyea.
Sailed May IS— Br stmr Glenogle, for Hong-
kons: stmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 14-Schr James
A Garfield, hence May 2.
POUT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Mayl IS— Br ship
Port Stanley, for Port Pirie.
Arrived May 19— Schr Wm Renton, from
Honolulu.
NEAH BAY— Passed May 19— Mackinaw,
from Tacoma for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 19— Stmr
Westport; stmr Albion, hence May 17.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 19— Schr Comet.
for Snn Pedro.
NEWPORT— Sailed May 19— Schr Bertha Dol-
beer, for Eureka.
BANDON— Arrived May IS— Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence May 10.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May IS— Schr A J
West, from Honolulu; schr Azalea, from Hono-
lulu. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 19— Schr Ruby
A Cousins, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 19— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
Arrived May Schr Beulah, hence May 7.
EUREKA— Arrived May Stmr Luella, he.
May 17.
Sailed May 19— Stmr Luella, for Tillamook.
SEATTLE— May 19— Jap stmr Sakura
Maru, for Yokohama; ship Occidental, for San
Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 19— Str Whites-
boro, hence May is.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May . Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived May IS— Ship Jabez
Howes, from New York, to load for San Fran
cisco. . ~• •. :'•■:'-:'*< '.-:>*v.-..r
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 16— Br ship Brod-
ick Castle, from Oregon; Br ship Dudhope; fm
Iquique; Br ship Galena,- from Oregon; Br ship
G W Wolff, from Tacoma; Br ship Matterhorn,
from Oregon. •
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived May I— Br brk
Dugueschin, from Rio de Janeiro, to load for
San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 16— Br bark
Cape Clear, lion Oregon.
YOKOHAMA Sailed May 17— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, for Oregon.
HONGKONG— "May 17— stmr Em-
press of Japan, for Vancouver. — -
NEWCHANG— SaiIed May Nor stmr Aku,»
for Oregon. # '
NAGASAKI— SaiIed May 17— Stmr Zealandla,
for San Francisco. .
ANTWERP— SaiIed May 19— Ger ship Arthur
Fitger. for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 19— ship Austra
lian, from Oregon. •■■.-•■
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 19— Br ship Blyth-
wood, for Oregon.
COMOX Sailed . May Bark Oregon, for St
Michaels.
-_ MANlLA— Arrived. May 19— U S stmr Warren,
hence April 20.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
-:■ NEW York— Arrived May 19— Stmr Pawnee,
I from Venice, etc ; _tmr Elderslle. from Palermo,THE GAME AT
OAKLAND TRACK
A FIERCE ONE
_ . . _ _.
Any Old Kind of a
Ride Goes.
— ♦ —
FEBRUARY WAS A "DEAD ONE"
FEBRUARY WAS A "DEAD ONE"
— ♦—
SERIOUS ACCIDENT NARROWLY
SERIOUS ACCIDENT NARROWLY
AVERTED IN ONE RACE.
AVERTED IN ONE RACE.
Bassinerer Piloted Three Winners.
Bassinger Piloted Three Winners.
Flacon in Front at Odds of 30
Placon in Front at Odds of 30
to I—Devereux1 — Devereux Scores
to I—Devereux1 — Devereux Scores
Again.
Again.
— +.
I mighty keen person to win
1: takes a mighty keen person to win
•:-.\ money at Oakland track these clos
ing up days. One possessed of a dark
lantern and a jimmy has the best
chance. The judges must have discarded
their fold glasses, else they don't know
rich* from wrong. Ames put up a gro
tesque ride on the favorite February in
the third event, but nothing was said.
The ring took all sorts of liberties with
the mare, hut the officials didn't know it;
didn't care probably. This was one inci
dent. A bad spill In the second race was
the other. At the far turn Sylvan I. ass.
Gilt Edge; Anchored and Solstice went
down In a heap. The riders all escaped
serious injury with the exception of "old
man" Steward, who was badly bruised.
Solstice hobbled off the track on three
loc.-;, hut the other nags ere unhurt.
Track Notes.
Phi! Hammil, the well-known Butt*
(Mont.) poolroom proprietor, left for St.
Louis on Thursday night. Phil left quite
a handsome winner on the season.
Bookmaker Joe Rose will take his crew
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, May 19. 1899.— Eighty-seventh
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
ELWLS r. _M*_H, I'r.'ldlr.g Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
i to the springs for a week to rest up. Joe
then intends to take in the big Denver
meeting, to which point most of the big
horsemen are now looking. Denver, was
always a good race town, and the com
ing June meeting promises to eclipse all
others in the past.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and jipward; selllnj.
1157 New Moon 109, 1138 Melkarth 107
O160)Flacon 107) 1142 GUberto 91
1145 Sir Frian 971 1153 Einstein 107
115S Roadrunner . . .114! 1153 Rapldo 119
115. Thyne 1071 1084 Meadow Lark..
Second — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1154 Vishun 126! 1156 Judge Woffor_.lo_
1160 Don Vallejo.... 123' 1120 Judge Napton.,ll9
1125 Alvin E......... 123 1 1156 Anchored ......106
1139 Ledaea 101 1 1072 Graciaa 117
116" Catastrophe ...123 1152 Pongo 122
1139 Master Lee 1031 1148 Durward 123
... Connaught 123| 1154 Inverary II 119
Third Race — and a" sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1144 Tobey 108 | 115? Tempo 107
1159 Grady 11l 1159 Earl Cochran. ..loß
1153 Alvero 108 1 91 Jim Bo.eman..loß
1160 Henry C 107 1154 Sliver State 10.
1128 P. A. FlnneganlOT 1126 Morana 102
1160 Paul Kruger... 107
Fourth Race— One mile: three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1152 Sea Spray 1091 1121 Ach 99
1133 Kootenai 89' 1144 Recreation 110
1150 Correct 89' 1161 Horatio 119
1153 Highland 8a11. .115' 1157 February 114
1148 Ollnthus 991 1151 El Salado 110
M icorito 110i(1154)Xovla 110
1156 Gold 8ar0n..... 961 1161 Horton 99 i
1157 Juva 941
Fifth Race—One and a sixteenth miles; three-*
year-olds and upward: ling. JffiSFMM
1148 Dare II 1141 1152 Ping- 100
1127 Major Hooker.. 1158 Jennie Reid.... 99
1158 Imperious 1071 1146 Benamela .111
1 1*2 Fortls .;... 91 1152 Wyoming 11l
1152 Opponent 107! 1158 Coda 109
(115911-Ost Girl . . . 107 115. Elidad 112
1146 Castake 107 1146 Glen Anne 105
Sixth Race — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward: purse.
(1161) La Goleta 99 1147 Roslnante 103
Daisy F 99 (1151)— ay W 10.
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— New Moon. Sir Crlan, Einstein.
First Race — New Moon. Sir Urian, Einstein.
:-d Race — Master Lee, Ledaea, Inver-
Second Race — Master Lee, Ledaea, Inver
ary 11.
Third Race— Paul Kruger, P. A. Finnegan,
Earl Cochran.
Fourth Race— Recreation, Horton, Ollnthus.
Fifth Wyoming, Benamela, Fortls.
Sixth Race— Palsy F, Roslnante. May W.
Sixth Race— Daisy F. Roslnante. May XV.
Going to the Country.
The illustrations in Outing Number of
S. F. News Letter Saturday will furnish
many an idea where to go. 40 pages; 10c*
There are fewer things in heaven and
earth than are dreamed of in a night
mare.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899.
JAPANESE STARS
TO SHINE ON THE
AMERICAN STAGE
Several Will Arrive on
the Gaelic.
♦
ENGAGEMENT AT CALIFORNIA
— * —
OTTO KAWAKAMI AND MME.
YACCO ARE AMONG THEM.
.
The Plays of the Land of the Chry-
The Plays of the Land of the Chry
santhemum Will Be Translated
Into English for Amer
ican Audiences.
•
Otto Kawakami, who has been entitled
Otto Kawakami, who has been entitled
the Henry Irving of Japan, will soon ar
rive in San Francisco on the Gaelic with
his theatrical troupe, and ' will begin a
professional tour of the United States.
MADAME YACCO, the Eller) Terry of JapaQ, Sooq
to appear Here.
! The advent of these unique players on !
! the American stage will be made at the i
California Theater on June IS, and their
I engagement will continue for two weeks, j
Afterward they have been billed for other 1
' principal cities of the United States, and
will be absent from their native land I
about a year. Kawakami is Japan's j
famed actor. -With him appears Mme. j
Tacco, an Oriental beauty and formerly |
j an eminent geisha.
The company, which is composed of ,
! twenty-five members, has been brought
! to America through the efforts of Yumito
i Kushlblki. the well-known merchant and
, proprietor of the Japanese tea gardens in
: Atlantic City. N. J., who was obliged to ■
make eight trips to Japan before being
able to consummate arrangements which
i would Insure the troupe's appearance •on
American stages. Messrs. Mitsuse and •
Oano will have charge of the company
while in this city and complete the fie
i tails for each performance, which will be ;
a translation from Japanese to English.
Kawakami received a college education
and haa aspired for political honors in
, Japan. He visited Paris a few years ago :
i and secured plans for the building of his
theater in Tokio. He was about to re- j
peat his visit to France when he wis
persuaded to come to America instead.
He is the author of a number of new
pieces, the most famous of which are:
"Kojomi Takanorl," "Kusunoki Masa
shige" and "Nishin ?'•_<•.." Hi.- specialty
is not only historical tragedy but comic
dancing. His latest production in dancing
Is called the "Oppeka Dance." and is de
scribed as extremely graceful- and diffi- :
cult. ■: '- ' -■ ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths. I
101 Seventh • street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean. *
Feels Like a New Man !
03h, Dr. McLaughlin _ Electric
v., *#^ ""% ■■ - Belt Makes a Remarkable
*^i^i^l^ |V Cure in Tw<^ Months.
'_.*/» *l_ Jf t__^ _ *^c fille(^ n,s nerves with the fire
VaVliW •„__. A * \^MvV_-f He filled his nerves with the fire
BfcL. . . _i_ T-t--*'-**^?****'^/l. ',- *'**\^ __fl s of !ife every night for two months,
RKi^^^-__^^>^ *<T> ___ -^&mIIIi gradually building up his-vitality.
nF-?'^-^7 _.___-• -5 .-'Vl^liir Every day he grew stronger, and
\___l_iLn^ *t»^ ""■'cT'"i •vr^'-!Q|_l" now he is full of .youth, full -of
' energy, a strong and vigorous
I'- *" JjU 'A\ 7 Read What He Says :
Sierra Cal., May 12, IS9*>.
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Since commencing the. use of your Belt I
have noticed a gradual improvement, and to-day can say that I am completely cured,
and heartier and stronger than I have been for years; in fact, I feel like a new person;
and judging from my experience with your Belt, beileve it will do all you claim. Dur-
* ing the past several "winters I had been troubled with sickness, but this winter I have
been free of it. - I have advised several parties up here to try your Belt, and they have
done so with success. , Hoping you will have as good success in every case as you have '
had in mine, I remain, yours very truly, : ALFRED S. HAMLIN.
Are You Weak ?
It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong;
it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days.
It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. Call and test.-
this wonderful Belt. See what it has done for others— lo,ooo cures. Try
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt if you are weak. If you can't call send
for Dr. McLaughlin's famous book, "Three Classes of.; Men," which is
free. Call or write to-day. Do not put it off. Address
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send fok my book,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN,"
And Cor. Spring and Second Sts.. Los Angeles. _ _._____'■_ ____
Office Hours— . a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Suurdays, '* ■■ mailed free,
10 to 1. NEVER SOLD lii «""»TTO STORES.
VICTORY AGAIN
ON THE SIDE
OF POKER MEN
Case of J. H. Wilson
Is Dismissed.
— ♦ —
THE JURY OUT TEN MINUTES
— ♦ —
ARGUMENT OF COUNSEL WAS
NOT DEEMED NECESSARY,
4
Presiding Judge Graham Will Con-
Presiding Judge Graham Will Con-
sult Chief Lees as to the Advis-
ability of Trying More
Cases.
Fo- the second time a lurv In .Tndfre
Graham's court has brought In a verdict
of acquittal in the recent notorious poker
___>.-. .■ iu_i v\;i.- mat of diaries W.
Redman, proprietor of the Palace saloon,
867 Market street, charged with permit
ting a -percentage game cf poker to be
played, and yesterday in the case of J.
H. Wilson, charged with conducting a
game in the same saloon, the jury within
ten minutes returned a verdict of acquit
tal. There is also the case of H. A. Hor-
Lein of the Cafe Royal, tried before a jury
in Judge Mogan's court, in which the
jury stood eleven for acquittal and one
for conviction. In view of these facts
Judge Graham says he will consult Chief
Lees to-day as to the advisability of go
ing to the trouble and expense of trying
any more cases of the kind.
When Wilson's case .was resumed yes
terday afternoon the cross-examination of
Policeman Tyrrell was concluded and Po
licemen G. XV. Meyer and John C. Mur
phy gave their testimony," which corrob
orated Eastman and Tyrrell's evidence.
This closed the case for the prosecution.
The defendant, Wilson, testified that no
more than two checks were taken from
each "pot" for a game and they were
utilized In providing the players with
liquor, cigars or sandwiches and for cards
and attendance. Redman, the proprietor,
and Samuel Aaron, the manager, testified
to the same effect. The average amount
taken from a table per hour was 51 36 and
as a rule the table was indebted to the
lloUSe. "3-^K*£l-5-9?-H_HB-!-9£VS—^
After the testimony was all in the ques
tion of making an- argument to the jury
was discussed, and a juror put an end to
it by remarking: "We have heard enough
about it already." Both sides thereupon
waived an argument.
After being charged by the court the
jury retired and in ten minutes returned
a verdict of acquittal.
Trunks, valises, pocket books and dia
ries. Best goods, best values at Sanborn
& Vails. •
APVEBTISEMEKTS.
I_ll^
_^bs||to^ctbity.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
near signature of /-^L__^^_^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
-SEE SpSSS-_-£__ SEE
rrvmvr llliTTl__ FOR BILIOUSMESS. rcvm\TD
GENUINE f IVFR-- FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
wrapper JL_. j:sa., wrapper
wrapper yyiLjs^ss- WRAPPER
_ . 1 GEN DUO) MU-TKAVC^OMATUWC. _
25 Cents I Purely Vegeta_'le.^_^«^-^_*«-.
"FRIISrTEID 03ST REP PAPER."
DR. MEYERS & CO.
THESE . SUCCESSFUL SPECIALISTS CURE
' __=?=-=^'s^- Diseases of the Kld-
__^K__________l neys. Bladder, Spine,
,_£K3^^K^-33&_ Liver, Heart*, Blood,
-aSSS^ _^ \9 pkin gtc Also T,re-
S?gWi « mature Decay. Unnat-
■l&E&p J ural Losses. Wasting
..___£■■' I Drains, Nervous IV-
JSB? rji^^rM, &^>i bility. Stricture, \ari-
lf«_^ -Ss^tn^k cocele- Private Di_-
(P_W eocele, Private Dis-
\Wi ■ _V_?/-,''V^'' eases' Piles, Rupture, !
V.'M>. ' /€___ ( PAY WHEN CORED.
\iiwifJi r-7"7_§_^_^x* - No f'harsP for consu|"
KWfW^^lf^m a& specialty. Private
AwTc^JV-])).^ :'•■' specialty. Private
___H V*-_-f-_i" i>-7/ 'W I' ■»*. diagnosis sheet
'ML N^!*___i!),<_ 'WIL and advice free by
'I'ltv/^PHfe ma*l- L*?tters confi"
701 Market Street, j Elevator
10l San Francisco. * Entrance. ;
also common places
S. R. CHAMLEY, M: D., 25 Third St., S.P.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
j visit DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
OF ANATOMY^
\- Bf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the .
B -__ fe-_ "*,'or|d. Vve-knesses or any ccniracted A
V _^_r^_M disease poslli»<-lycure_hy the oldest T
W <E— aifc uuease poiltiw^ly cured hy the oldest T
m ji_r _3| Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 year.- 9
a) &&jf[\ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
i _!2_?i OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
T P\_9fo_l Consultation free and strictly private. _
m E _ S*_L M Trpitnient personally r.r by letter. A M
\ _ if M H P°,i,,vt Cvrsm everj caseun dertaken. T
t\m I llßs *>vrite for BocV.l "HI J. -NOI-lIV of A
Am if IIA « :ie f~' n k PHILOSOI'MV of i
mI [I 11 -JH1K1.11.1., MAILED FREE. (Af
\ Jl Jl. valuable book for men) X
V OH JORDAN-CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. f
V I>K. JIIRDt\ _r CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. T
MAKE PERFECT MEM
_____ BO XOT DESPAIR ! DonotSaf-
__C*S2B_. fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
)JS§*^®_ life can be restored to you. The very
2_Y _ra wor.tc-ses of Xerrou. Debility are
QDO NOT cured by I'i-HI'KCTO
tei" Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
front cases of »rvoti» Debility are
nbsolutelv cured by PEKFEI'TO
Vf ___fc4 TABLKTS. Give prompt relief to in-
WjJ "* *T»-£ii-oniiiia, tailing memory and the waste
t_^__Sur and drain of vital powers, incurred by
**i' \\yySr indiscretions or excesses of ear" J years.
I—^JEJfy"^ Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give jMk bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of __"*T|\ younp or old.
One .Vie box r--n"ws vital energy _»,_f_fl boxes at
»2.soacomplete guaranteed i ■uifWW.'r money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest "™i* pocket. Sold
every where. or mailed in plain wrapper on leeeipt of
Vrice by Til*" r__-_CIO CO., Caxton ISI-g.. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug-Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
XV. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant ''Drug Co., in
Oakland by owl Drug Co-
' ■:■:;"'.'■
Baja California
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary ' organs of both
sexes, end a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BBUNE, Agents,
322 Market stieet. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
/*~\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J[»^tejj* *>_■<"> KEABSY ST. Ksrabllsned
JU-e-fci-I'M 025 KEARSY ST, Established
_rri^**__ '" ***•* {0T the treatment of Private
|<wiJv<*Sf Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
s_«_S_i»_s_ft disease wearing ou bodyand mindana
_fiHnD^Q| skin I). .eases, I'hedoctorcureawhen
_^^»^S^2ji"lne''sfll"• Try him Charges low
if^___B_J6B CnrmEuarnnlprd, (Jail orwrilc.
Dr. J. I- «-188--T. Box _*.57.5 - Francisco
■ .-m—~- ___-_____—-__——— i
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL. ~
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fw. Steamers leave Broadway
OTfc^^ wharf, San Francisco:
< &_?§§s?V Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. ,
i l_P_3fc__, May -l- -''■ 31; June -": change
1 Er-^-fi-) __b1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i B_a_F_fl_l '' '• Port Townsend. Seattle.
( r **"l^ft|lKaK lacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
•-T 10 a. m.. May 21. 26, 31; June
5, and- every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. . Ry. ; at Tacoma . to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. . May
19, 24, 29; June 3, and • every . fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port' Harford (San- Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa' Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport.' 9 a. m.. May 20,' 24, 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter, v
For San Diego, stopping only "at Port Har-
ford (San. Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May IS. 22,. 26, 30; June 3, and every fourth
day thereafter. .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., . 7th , of * each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFIOB —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
~ THEO, R. &N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From "Spear street Wharf at 10. a. m.
PARC **a First class Including Berth .
1/111- S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails May 23. !
State of California sails May .18, .28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street. ,
, GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
' • ■ Superintendent.
COMPAONIE QENERA-E TRANSATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. *^__
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <Se£_<
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ——*'_»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, May 27; LA GAS-
COGNE. June 3:" LA CHAMPAGNE, June 10;
LA BRETAGNE, ' June 17; LA TOURAINE,
June 24. First-class to, Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre. $45, 1 10 per cent reduction on .round
trip. - GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green.
; New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery | aye., San - Francisco.
1 HAMBURG-AMERICAN
- TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK-PARIS-LONDON—
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
- Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
. For sailings, etc., apply •to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York. -
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Paclflc • Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery at., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
___■_______ ■_&■■_■ The S. S. Australia
_*_*E*?^»erK&_atS_-.r Fails for Honolulu
W __y___--_l Wednesday. May 31,
PKa_n___a| The S. S. Australia
_&Illl_r sails for Honolulu
• Wednesday, May 31,
y™ ■• at 2 p. m.
_L^_9'Hrra_/ — T^N S. S. Alameda sails
NiMlnMlinJ via Honolulu and
3i£§g&_r G^lC-lIDIIII/^ Auckland for Sydney
Xy&SP' /OfllßflPW- Wednesday, June 14,
cs> _lll|V'JlU_p at 10 p m June "'
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI „
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. L0ui5!. ...... May 24 St. Louis ..June 14
Paris May 31 Paris .....June 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 28
■ RED 6TAR LINE.
»'ew Yo-V pi ' *ntwrn,
From Now York Every Wednesday; 12 noon.
Westernland . . May 24 !Frt«>sland ... June 14
Kensington May 31 Southwark ......June 21
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June 28
EMPIRE LINE. .
Seattle. St. Ml-hasl. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.I
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- !
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for I
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
I Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and ,
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers for ,
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day i
of sailing.
i NIPPON MART" Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARI* Saturday, July 22
! HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17 j
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For j
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent. ,
I BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
."■■ THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
' Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m. !
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m. >
j dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street . tvharf at 6 p. . m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. ■
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45
a. m., -1.", 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nighty; Fri- I
; days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 ,
i p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ;.: : ■ ■ ■ : .50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
cIIWbISaI^
I___SS_E_E
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMI'ANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot o. Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, . 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
! 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 .
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30. j
! 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 4. m. ; 12:45, •
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at i
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
; 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
| same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
I San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
! . 1 April 16, . !
| Week Sun- 1--9. Sun- > Week
Days. days. Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pra; 9:30 am Petaluma. j 6:05 pm 10:25 am j
5:10 pm.; 6:00 pm; Santa Rosa, j 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 am j
. HeaJdbburg, --. *V"
Lytton,
' -';:'•; -' Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
j 7:30 am Hopland and " 10:25 am
! 8:30 pni| 8:00 ami Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am' ' 10:25 am
j 8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ' 7:35 JMnj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
. Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
I for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
! Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
' land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
I Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
j port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
I Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
| Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
' Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville,
j Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
j Navarro, Whltesboro, Albton. Little ' River,
'■ Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
! Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
ming'., Bell's Springs, Harris. ' Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. ...
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at '
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
■ Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, RYAN,
General Manager. ; =v Gen. Pass. Agent.
A Superb Train
JfeggL EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
1 Imp-Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND * LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3*4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m. 'V
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent. r
No. : I'■ Montgomery street. \ San : Francisco.
MOUNT .TAMALPAi-T SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco * via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1599,
• WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. * Wednesday, and Satur-
i day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
. and 4 p. m. V '
- Fare.' S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40. :
THOS. COOK _ SON. Agts.. 621 Market at. i
AUCTION SALES.
FIRST GREAT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON!
-____ ___-_ __^
50 Head of WELL-BROKE, TROTTING
BRED STOCK, ALL PURPOSE and DRAFT
HORSES, Among 'them' well-matched teams.
consigned from the breeding farms of HON.
W. A. SHIPPEE, STOCKTON, and others.
On TUESDAY - - May 23, 1899,
At 11 a. m. '
t Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market St
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
Successors to KILLIP & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers,
1732 Market St.. S. F.
Hcrses now at yard.
fe* AUCTION SALE «^
EVERY TUESDAY AND SATURDAY,
AT THE DEWEY AUCTION AND SALE
STABLES. .
Comer 12th and Harr.'son Sts., Oakland.
We have on sale Draft, Driving and Riding
Horses at all times: also Surreys, Buggies,
Wagons and Harness.
L. SCHAFFER & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers. ■
___XL-_O_JD T-_AV__L. ~|
K-.TUKR- i-tnri( coji-'A-.x.
'.-CI-IC SYSTEM.)
Train- lei-ve ni.il __.-> «1h« to nrriv* a.
.SAM I'Kt.MlvlO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
(Main line. Foot of Market Street) . .
leave — Fro-C May 7, 13.9. — arutv-
7:00 a Benicia. Suisun an. Sacramento. ... s:_s_
.U>Oa Marysville, OroTillear.d Redding via
Woodland 3:4.*1F
,:00.. Elmira, Vacavilie and Rumsey 8:43 _•
7:»Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Sauta Roaa 6:l."Sp
8:O0a Atlautii- lixpress. Ogden and Kant.. _!-!"»_•
HiIIOa Sau ,l_»e, Livermore, .Stockton,
lons. Sacramento, rrilie,
Murysvillc, Chico, Keillllulf 4:1.1.
SiSOa •Milton, Oakdal'j and Honora 4:1.1.
0:00 a Haywards, Niks and Way Stations. 11.-3*
9:0. A Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, .
Merced end Fresno 12:13*
ti-ilt Fresno, BakeraUeld, Santa Itirimra.
Los Angeles, Demiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45*
10:OOa Vallt jr\ Martinez and Way Stations 7:43*
11:OOa Haywards, Kiles and Way Stations. 2:45*
12tO0K Niks, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrtervllle _!",»
•IrGOp Sacramento River Steamers *«:OOp
3:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 3:45*
4:«»Oi> Martinez, Hau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, UaKsUigK, Santa Rosa »:13a
4t<M>r Benicia, Vacavilie, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvillo, Orovilla • 0:43*
4:3rtp Niles, San Joseaud Stockton 7:1. >*
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13*
5:00p Stockton, Merced, Fresuo 12:13*
5 :0«p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Los Angeles 8:43*
Stoop Hants Fu Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and J-ast 6:43*
6:OOpFdoOwL Fresno, Bakersfleld, San-
' ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:43*
6:00p KuropeiiH Mail, Ogden aud East..... 9:4..A
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San J05e...... 7:13*
•6:OOi- Vallejo 12:13*
7:<i«i- Oregon Mxiirens.Sacrainenti). Marys-
ville. ltr.lding, Portland, Puget
Hound and __* 7:43*
J8:OOp Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
tions 1 1 Q:10*
COAST DITISION i. Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of M.iri-ft Street.) ■'
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {8:03*
8:13 .. Newark. Ceutervi!le,S»nJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:39*
*2:15p Newark, Centerviile, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa ' Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo:3oa
4:15|. Sua Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta- '..v ;- ' -'■
tions 9:20*
Mb !5p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
. lions ■ .... /9:20*
1 CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i rroaSAH TR - .CISCO— foo. •' — tksl Street iSlio 8)—
♦7:15 f.-OO ILOOA.M. 11:3. *2:03 t3:O.
*i:S3 • t.:O. *6:30.--M-
-! f rom OAXUKD— foot or Brc.dwav.— "ti:oo 8:00 IOtOOa.M.
412.00 «1:00 12:30 -3:03 t*'-C3 *5:OQi-.M.
COAST DITISION (Rrosd Gauge).
(Third and Townsend St?.)
*C:10a Ocean View, South San Francisco.. #6:39»
*7:OOa San Jose anil Way Btiili..ns (New
Alinsden Wednesdays only) 1:30»
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose, "'
Sant. Crux, P-cifi- Grove and
Principal Way f-'tations {8:83*
OiOAa Kan Jose, Tres Pino.-, Santa C'rnz,
P.icillc Grove. Paso Rubles, San
I. mm Olilspn, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:! Op
18-.IIK San Jose ami Way Stations *8:O0*
■ 1:30 a San Jose and Way Stations 8:80*
•9:45 San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, Hollis'.er, >S_i-ta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove •io:3«*
•»:30p San Jose and Way Stations *9:<M»a
*4?15p Han Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way SUMcns 6:35*
BtSOp San.Toseaii Principal Way Stations *8:3.-.*
fl::tO!> San Jose aud Way Stations r 7:30p
f11:45p Sau Joae ami Way Stations ' 7:30*
A for Morning. V for Afternoon •
• Sunday excepted. J Sunday only. t Saturday only.
.Saturday and Sunday < Sunday and Monday.
California
Limited
Santa. fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves Sar.
Connectlngr Train Leaves San
Franclsco via Los Angeies at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
; Stl FIIICISCO TICKEf~OFF.CE — ... MAKE! SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15-1.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
; NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Satis-lit- Pan. .
j Commencing April 12, 1.39.
; FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT.I.-.-.
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, *9:30. 11:00 a. m.
' •1.45, 3:20. 4:00. X *_, *6:00. *:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
\ Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
' and Sund_vs, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS -•3:' »9:00 '10:00, 11:00 11:.0
I a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, '2:30, '4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. tn. does r.ot run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked i*l run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAI'AEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:40 7:55, 8:40. no:_.
a. m. 12:30. 2:45. '3 >-> 4:35. 5:15 p. m. _.--:;-,-
- TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 r. i 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, «8:00, *9:45. '10:43. _:4»
: a. m.. 1:00. 2:20, *3:30. »5:15, '6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked C) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:15
a. m. 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, *.0:00. 11:10 a. m.:. 12:05,
• 1:20' 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. .:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
; 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and wav sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. . week days (Saturdays excepted)
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 25, 1899, trains will run as follows.
' - Bouth-bound. North-bound.
-__ i — ' — ■ ■ — ■ .
Pa_sen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
Passen- j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday get.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'vtd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:ispm 6:00 pn»
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pmj
10:4> am) 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
I 11:38 am, 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:46 pra
--.25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
; 11:59 am. 6:25 pm Visalia 8:40 am 1:2. pm
' 12:15 pm| 6:53 pm! Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
' Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlce. 321 Markel
■ ■street. San Francisco.
MM
910
NEARLY SANK
TO HIS DEATH
IN SLIMY DOZE
Narrow Escape of F.
Blanchard.
— ♦ —
FELL IN A MUDDY SLOUGH
FELL IN A MUDDY SLOUGH
WENT DOWN UNTIL THE SLIME
REACHED HIS CHIN.
— ♦ —
Succor Ai river] Just as He Was Dis-
Succor Arrived Just as He Was Dis-
appearing Beneath the Black
Surface and Had Given
Up Hope.
+
ALAMEDA. May 19.— Frank Blanchard, j
a High street merchant, nearly met an
awful death last evening in the soft, !
slimy, black mud near the Bay Farm Is- ■
land bridge. He had sunk to his chin in'
the ooze and in .a moment more would
have disappeared beneath the mud. when ;
a couple of men. attracted by his cries for
help, appeared on the scene and rescued |
him.
- -hard, who Is a very heavy man,
was attempting to board a dredger In j
course of construction. it was some feet ;
from the shore of a muddy slough and |
the only means of getting aboard was by
crossing a plank. When Blanchard was
midway between the shore and the
dredger the plank broke under his weight,
dropping him feet first into the mud.
He attempted to make his way to shore
or at least where he could grasp one end
of the broken plank, but instead of mak
ing headway he only sank deeper and
deeper into the slime as he continued hie j
struggles. Finally the mud reached his
hips. No help was In sight and his re
peated calls for succor remained unan- I
swered. Darkness was rapidly coming |
and he felt himself being slowly drawn,
down by the suction of the mud.
The ooze finnllv reached his armpits.
Hestruggled to prolong his life by stretch
ing forth his arms to stay the downward
movement toward sure death, biij. his
arms found no support and they also were
soon beneath the mud. As the slime
crawled up toward his neck and the little
crabs began to play tag around him he
gave one desperate yell for help and was
rewarded by a reply. ■','.'
The searchers had heard his first calls
but failed to locate him. They were with
in twenty feet of the slough and were
about to turn back, thinking they were
the victim of a slier, when Blanchard's
last shriek attracted them.
The broken plank was thrown to j
Blaiichard and while he clung to it and
kept himself above the surface the men
secured a rope, and finally with additional j
assistance pulled the victim out of the
slough and from the verge of a muddy
grave.
BLIND JOSEPH
SANDERS WILL
TAKE CONTROL
H Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 19.
After experiencing four years of a grad
ual decline in the manufacture of broom »
and the Incomes of its inmates, the Home
for Adult Blind will have a new superin
tendent June 1. This step has been de
cided upon by the new board of directors
appointed by Governor lags.
The. nation of Superintendent. Hays
has been accepted, and the blind superin
tendent, Joseph Sanders, who was de
posed four years ago by a Democratic
administration, after a long term of suc
cessful management, will be reinstated.
Superintendent Sanders is one of the
Meverest blind, men of the age, and the
manner in which he conducted the Blind
Home was such that a great number of
visitors of the Institution could not be
persuaded that he was without his sight.
The new board consists of Colonel John
P. Iris:: and Directors Spaulding, Sanborn,
Wells and Randolph, and they are unani
mous in making the change. For many
years the Blind Home has practically
failed of its purpose, and for a consider
able time the broom factory, its solo
source of revenue outside the State appro
priation, has been closed. This step was
taken by order of the directors, who dis
covered that under existing conditions
they were making brooms at a loss and
could not dispose of them when they
were made. The only means by which the
blind men could procure pocket money
and funds with which to buy clothes was
by making brooms, and last winter many
of them suffered fearfully from the cold
weather for want of proper clothing. It
has always been the contention of old
members of the board of directors that
with a practical blind superintendent with
a thorough knowledge of tie- broom corn
market the home could be maintained
ln such a manner as to produce a fair
income. Such an Income was produced
all the time Superintendent Sanders was
in office.
Secretary Havens has also been de
posed and George S. Meredith of the old
Republican City Central Committee has
been appointed secretary. The regular
meeting of the board will be held June l.
at which time the new superintendent
will take office, and it is probable that the
patronage of the Institution will see other
changes.
Last evening the retiring superintend
ent. John Hays, was presented with a
gold watch by the employee of the Insti
tution. The Informal affair took place at
lilt- home and was marked by words of
appreciation on both sides.
INSPECTOR ERWIN
RETURNS FROM CUBA
He Bring- Some Interesting Informa
tion Regarding the Attitude of
tion Heg-arding the Attitude of
Natives Toward Us.
Natives Toward Us.
• BRKELET. Ma. 19. Postofflce In-'
BERKELEY. May 19.— Postoffice In-*
spector J. W. Erwin returned to-night
from Cuba, where has has been engaged
under General E. (». Rathbone in organ
izing the United States mail service for
.he island. He left for California on the
22d of last month, staying two weeks in
Washington. D. C.
Mr. Erwin brings word that the con
dition of things In the island is very
quiet. He was favorably impressed with
the Cubans and thinks them well dis
posed toward the United States. It is his
opinion that if 'a vote were take,, of the
native population It would be largely in
.favor of annexation. Opposition, he ex
plained, was due to certain political agi
tators, but the influence of these was fast
waning. The war, he said, had left the
Interior of the country In a most dep.or
abie state, and a certain kind of fever,
termed \by the natives "Weyler fever,"
was spreading everywhere.
In certain parts or the Island the crops
for this season were a failure. With re
gard to the mail service, Mr. Erwin ex
plained that It bad been reorganized
tipon the American system and was now
In thorough working order under charge
of General Rathbone. ■
Market-Street Improvement Club.
The Market Street and Eureka Valley
Improvement Club recently held a very
busy meeting. Reports were received from
the committees on transfers at junction
cf Market and Church streets, on by-laws
and on loinlng the Federation of Mission
Clubs. The petition to Supervisors for
electric lighting on Market street from
Seventeenth to Valencia was signed. A
resolution was passed backing up the ■
Mayor in his efforts to maintain the Jl-10
rate for gas; and recommending members
to refuse to pay any more than _ that
amount. The scheme presented by 1 resi
dent Cuthbertson of a park panhandle
from junction of Market and Dolores to
the entrance of the present panhandle
was adopted, the matter to be laid bef°re
the Merchants' Association and th- im
provement clubs throughout the city
Meeting nights were changed to - ruiays.
■ ♦ »-
"FIGHTING SIXTH" ARRIVES
Vanguard Came Yesterday En Route j
for the Philippines.
The vanguard of the Sixth United
States Infantry, known as the "Fighting
Sixth," arrived in this city yesterday.
Company A, 'with 112 men, came over on
the 8 o'clock boat and were escorted to
the transport Sherman at the foot of
Folsom street wharf by Captain Noble of
General Shatter's staff, where they inline- ;
dlatelv embarked. They expressed much
satisfaction at the reception they re
ceived and were the objects of much
kindly Interest by passengers on the Terry
boat. The remaining companies of the I
regiment will reach San Francisco to- |
morrow. ;""i .
Each of the men has a complete equip
ment for service in the tropics, one year s ;
supply of clothing and 100 rounds of am
munition. The train on which they came
was made up of fourteen cars and ex
perienced no mishaps. The officers occu- ,
pied a Pullman and the men were in three i
tourist sleepers. Eight cars carried the j
regimental baggage and eight days' ra
tions for each man. Colonel kollogg, who
is in command of the regiment, will ar
rive on Sunday.
MEDICOS TO DEDICATE
THEIR NEW BUILDING
COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS WILL
LAY CORNERSTONE.
Ceremonies Will Be Conducted Under
the Auspices of Grand Lodge
of Free Masons.
At noon to-day the -College of
Physicians and Surgeons will dedi
cate their new building in course of erec
tion on Fourteenth street, between Va
lencia and Mission. The ceremonies will
consist of the laying of a cornerstone and
literary exercises.
The new building Is a large, square.
three-storied structure, the first story of
which is already finished. It will be sev
eral months before the college will house
its students in the new quarters.
The programme of literary exercises,
which lias been arranged by Dr. Alfred
E. Regensburger, Thomas Morffew and
Winslow Anderson, the committee of ar
rangements, will be under the direction
of Professor J. R.;Lalne, president of the
college. The cornerstone will be laid un
der the auspices of the Grand Lodge of
Free and Accepted Masons of the State
of California. Judge F. M. Angellotti.
grand master, performing the ceremo
nies. The Masonic quartet will furnish
the vocal music of the exercises. Mayor
Phelan will deliver an address, after
which the quartet will sing "The Star
Spangled Banner." Judge K. B. Carpen
ter will deliver an address, followed by
a selection by Cassasa's band. The last
aidless will be that of Congressman Ju
lius Kahn.
Every preparation is being made to ac
commodate a large crowd.
GREAT RICHES AT CAPE NOME
Private Letters Frirm Unalaklik Con-
firm the News oi a Great Strike.
Private letters that are now arriving
from the gold fields confirm t he news of
a rich rind at Cape Nome. One dated at
"Unalaklik, January 7, 189.," says there
are "bigger and richer gold fields there
than anything the Klondike can show."
There are acres and acres of rich claims,
and the men now on the ground chnnot
begin to locate them all. No labor can
be had for love or money, and it is a case
of every man for himself. Says • the
writer: "The Cape Nome fields are going
to stir up things more than the Klondike
discoveries did. They pay from the sur
face down and Is only five feet to bed
rock." -"v'Y:
COCHRAN WILL AGAIN
COACH BERKELEY
Garrett Cochran, the Famous Princeton End.
BERKELEY, May 19.— Garrett Cochran, the. famous Princeton end, will
coach the University of California football team through the coming
season. This news came in a dispatch ■ received to-night from Silver
City. New Mexico. '■' ',.,"V ; : ".-.;; . .
Cochran's remarkably successful work with the Berkeley men last year
has made him the idol of all the U. C. students, and the news that he will
once again train the blue and gold for Its annual contest with the cardinal
will be received with the greatest satisfaction by all Berkeley collegians.
While the dale of his return to California is not yet-known. It will doubt
less-be very soon after the opening of the next college term. As -the time
set for this is August 14 the big coach will in all probability be here not later
than the beginning of September. ._■ ,* ''."'",', > \ .- '.
Cochran's services for a second season have only been secured after the
greatest -difficulty on the part of the university athletic association. After
laj_. Thanksgiving he decided to forsake the gridiron altogether, and he left
Berkeley with' the understanding that he should fmd a substitute in another
Princeton man. But Football Manager Irwin J. ' Muma has made repeated ef
forts to induce Cochran to change his mind, and as a last resort he took the
trip to Silver City. New Mexico, in the . hope of concluding some arrange
ments. That he has been . successful is shown by the telegram which brings
the news. '. ':.'-... . ..._.-. -:.-■'.-..., . v__.
Fortunately/ for the blue and gold the personnel of next year's team will
differ but slightly from the victorious eleven of last season. Percy Hall will
return to college; next August, and with him will "be Griesberg. ; Kaarsburg,
Athearn, Bart Thane, "Whipple, Hooper, Smith and Womble. Masters, will
probably succeed Craig as end; his good work In Portland .-"."•last Christmas
shows; him to be full of promise.' All the men have "the fullest confidence in
their ; coach, and the play they will put up may even exceed the good show
ing of last season. •■ • "V - ;:;;' '^\ :';l ' '"'-.' ■
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, MAY 20, 1891).
FLIRTATION AT
WOODEN WEDDING
WRECK S A HOME
Peter Laing Tells His
Tale of Anguish.
— » —
WIFE IS SEEKING DIVORCE
WIFE IS SEEKING DIVORCE
'{'.'.'■ * i • y '\. -
HUSBAND FILES A SENSATIONAL
HUSBAND FILES A SENSATIONAL
CROSS-COMPLAINT.
. ' . . ' : : ■ -
_ ♦ .
How Isabella Turnbull Laing Openly
How Isabella Turnbull Laing Openly
Evinced Her AfEection for Rob-
crt Hill, Who Is Named
as Co-Respondent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 19.
Flirting at their wooden wedding last
January Is made the basis of a most, sen- '
sational cross-complaint and answer filed j
late this afternoon by Peter Miller Laing, !
, whose wife, Isabella Turnbull Lalng, is |
; suing for a divorce on the ground of ex
. treme cruelty. ;
| The defendant husband alleges: "That
on January 7, 1899. while they were cele-
I brating the anniversary of their wooden
j wedding, Isabella T. Laing. in the pres
j ence of all the guests, openly and wan
! tonly flirted with Robert Hill, a single
man, and thereafter almost daily up to
March 31 left her home to visit at the
| home of Robert Hill, for whom she no-
toriously evinced**\her affection, cruelly
: neglecting defendant and failing on nu
merous occasions to cook his meals."
Robert Hill is named as co-respondent,
and throughout the cross-complaint many
I clandestine meetings between the wife
and Hill, both here and at her sister's
home in Alameda and at the home of a
Mr. Hunter, are cited as damaging cir
cumstances of her infidelity.
"On numerous occasions," continues the
plaintive and alleged wronged husband, i
"Hill was seen to hug and kiss Isabella
Laing, and on one occasion • defendant
asked her not to have- anything more to
do with said Hill, but she answered: 'I ;
would not do anything to harm that
boy." " All of which caused Mr. Lalng
, much mental anguish. \
Complaining further. Laing charges ,
, his wife with intemperance, cruelty and :
conspiracy. The latter consists of an al- ;
leged scheme hatched between Mrs.
Laing and her brother John, whereby a i
sister Jamirria was brought to the Laing
! home one evening to cook Laing's sup
; per and remain there all night, while Mrs.
Lalng stayed at the home of her brother.
"Hut." explains the cross-complaint, "di-
vining the purpose of . his wife, he sent
Jamima to her room ln Oakland."
The allegations of cruelty and Improper
relations with this sister made in Mrs.
j Laing's complaint are all severally denied '
I by the defendant, though he admits that !
I oh four occasions he took Jamima buggy-
I riding at the request of plaintiff: and the
charge by the wife that defendant com-
pelled or ordered her to go to Madame
: Jaequez to have a criminal operation per-
formed is also denied and answered by
i cross-complaining that Mrs. Lalng went
to Madame Jacques voluntarily on the:
i advice of a lady friend.
These and divers other actions, Laing .
asserts, caused him great shame and
scandal and inflicted upon him grievous
mental anguish, degrading and humiliat- I
ing him in the eyes of the world, where
; fore he asks for a decree dissolving to the
I bonds of matrimony and assigning to the
i respective parties their share of the com
munity property, which consists of a
house and lot on Blame avenue, near
Twelfth street, and 'about $600 worth of
personal property. ' j
WIGNEY'S BODY FOUND.
He Fell From the Olympic Pier Near
the Cliff House a Month Ago.
The mutilated body of George A. Wig
ney was discovered yesterday morning in
a rocky cove near the suction pipe of the
Sutro Baths by H. B. Nabb. The : head
and both hands were gone and the re
mains were, very much decomposed.
Wigney was 20 years old and a clerk by
occupation.: On April 14 of this year he
paid a visit to the Cliff House beach with
his mother 'sister. He went to the
end of the Olympic Club pier, a very dan
gerous place, and while reading a book
fell or jumped off into the water. The
body was not recovered until yesterday.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
was identified there by the mother and
two sisters of the deceased, the identifica
tion having been made possible by the
laundry marks on the underclothing. The
lamentations of the grief-stricken women
were most distressing.
The remains were turned over by. Coro
ner Hill to an Alameda undertaker, and
the funeral will be held from the family
residence, 1562 Railroad avenue, Alameda,
Russ Family Will Race.
The male members of the Russ family,
well-known in this city. Will hold a road
race among themselves to-morrow over
the San Carlos five-mile course. Each
participant is a member of the family,
either directly or by marriage. The en
tries and handicaps are as follows:
E. F. Russ, scratch; 11. S. Russ and Joe
Ahearn. one and a half minutes; Rus
Ru«s, two minutes; F. G. Wegener, two
and a half minutes; R. R. Russ. three
minutes; Ed Boedefeld, four minutes;
Fred Russ, six and a half minutes; W. B.
Wegener, seven minutes. The three who<
reach the tape last will buy a dinner for
the others. E. F. Russ, the scratch man,
Is the Olympic courier who helped win
the relay race last Sunday. ■
Last Chance to See the Pope.
The grand benefit for St. Rose's Church
will be given this evening at Metro
politan Temple under the auspices of the
Young Ladies' Sodality of the parish. The
biograph pictures of Pope' Leo XIII will
be a leading feature in addition to a pro
gramme of unusual merit. This will be
the last opportunity for the public to view
the moving pictures of the Pope.
Recitations will be given by XV. Walsh
and T. J. Hickey; musical numbers con
tributed by Misses Kilgariff and Stanley
and Messrs. Desmond, Lane, Vargas,
Ruff and Lorringer; comic selections by
Messrs. Hynes, Sheerin, Gleason and Mc-
Mahon. The proceeds of the affair will
§o to the maintenance of St. Rose's
chool.
Alex Loughborough's Pastime.
Last evening Alexander Loughborough,
who shot "Buck" Morse in this city some
i time ago, and "Blockers" Hanley enter
j tamed a party of friends in a side room
j of the Grotto, opposite the City Hall.
i An overindulgence in beer caused a mv
' tual disagreement, during which some of
: the party amused themselves by throwing
] bottles and glasses at an inoffensive
waiter. .v.;:*.-
Officer Butterworth was called, and, in
company with Coroner Hill, who hap
: pened to be in the resort, quelled the dis
i turbance. In the meantime a riot alarm
was sent to the Central station and a
number of officers were dispatched to the
scene. No arrests' were made.
Police Cannot Have the Tug.
The matter of giving the quarantine tug
used by the Board of Health to the Po
lice Department for use along the water
front came up for consideration before
the Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. After
some discussion it was decided that fur
ther consideration of the, matter be In
definitely postponed, which means that
the police will not get the boat.
The National Athletic Club was granted
8 permit to conduct a boxing contest on
some date between the, Ist and the H'Jih of
next month.'
Makes Her Life Miserable.
John J. Coffey, a teamster, was con
victed by Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of battery upon Mary Paul, a tail
oress who works at 62 Tehama street. The
girl testified that she at one time kept
company with Coffey, but gave him up.
Since then he has made her life miserable
by following her everywhere and spring
ing out of doorways upon her and fright
ening her. May 17 be grabbed her as she
was leaving her work, and struck her.
Coffey will get a severe sentence .to-day.
Irvine- Institute Dance_________
V A pleasant dance at Golden Gate Hall
last night marked the closing term of the
Class of '99 of the Irving Institute. The
affair was under the patronage of Mrs.
S. C. Brown, Mrs. E. B. Church, Mrs. A.
D. Donne, Mrs. XV. G. Downing, Mrs. S.
H. Gillis. Mrs. S. H. Hall, Mrs. S. J.
Hendv, Mrs. J. K. C. Hobbs, Mrs. James
Kennedy, Mrs. J. C. Martin, Mrs. A. D.
Maccoll. Mrs. J. A. Miller. Mrs. XV. F.
McDermott. Miss E. M. Pinkham and
Mrs. J. H. Soper. ;^.*:; '>A
In the Divorce Court.
Superior Judge Daingerlield granted
Maria F. Dutra a divorce from Jose Du
tra yesterday on the ground of cruelty.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Wil
liam Short against Mary B. Short for in
temperance, Emma Meigs against J. J.
Meigs on the ground that the defendant
was convicted of a felony, and Thomas
I 'rid. more against Margaret on the
ground of desertion.
To Be Made a Test Case.
E. A. Fisher of the Oberon appeared In
acting Police Judge Groezinger's court
yesterday to answer a charge of conduct
ing a theater without paying the proper
license. As several other places are in
the same position It was intimated that
the case would be made a test one and it
was continued till Monday. ;.;:~
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
f GRAM) HOTEL.
P W Mathews, Cal WE Evans. Decatur
E G-raldson, Marysvl H C Scales, Stanford
H J Seymour, Sacto !YV <i Scales. Stanford
J F Condon. Verdi Or T XV Harris, Or
F P Bane, Sta Rosa IE W Woods. Stockton
RXV Hoffman. NY R D Miller, Stanford
J W Kallman, Benicia iF A Curtln, Stanford
C X Cadman, Pinole It' XV Clarke, Stanford
W E Downing, Cal JB Kuhn, Stanford
E E Morgan. Portland I J Schaefer, Stanford
C Dunphy. San Mateo c Sell. Stanford
E A Schaffer. Cal C I, Merriam. Stanford
H T Smyth. S Lorenzo C T Stephens, Stanfrd
L Ballert, Blue Canyn J Emerson. Stanford
F M I_elarge. Alameda B T X Preston, lone
C Feht. Sacto iF W Bancroft, Stanfrd
M M Ogden, Ls Ang II A Campbell, Stanfrd
M E Power, Visalia J T McJunkin. Hanfrd
W I* Boone, Cal !R J Prince, Boston
O E Niles, Cincinnati M Mallett.' Paris • ;
Mrs A N Evans, ,On _ M Rock, Stockton
II Bang-— Mass 'IW J Packard, S Jose
W D Tyler & w. Wash E Kelly, Cal
C _ Tlnkham, Chico R 8 Raw, Placet-villa
II ■8 ' McCormick, -. Or \XV F Peterson, Sacto
R XV Hawley. Cal D P Durst, Scotland"'
A Knat, Cincinnati IE E Thrupt, Stockton
.1 P Sears. Cal J H Young _ W, Pa
XV A Relnhardt. Tex H.J Hal Chi 11, Ls Ang
A <* Knox. Pittsburg C H Holdenon, Ohio
Or L T Wilson, _„ W B Wise. N C
J F Cullom ft w. Cnl IP Nosworthy & w.Colo
PA ACE HOTEL. V
C M Hunter, S Rafael |_ Quay. Redwood
J R Woodbury. Carson Miss EC Fletcher., Cal
E M "Wall, Arizona IH S Kenyon, Stockton
A Giffeney. Oakland • D E Davis. Chicago
Mrs.Glffenev, OaKland iII Werthelmer, '■ Chicgo
H B Madison, S Mateo F W- Mondell, Wvo
B Story, Belmont Mrs Mondell, Wvo
S H Emanuel, X V C C Bloch, U S N
Mrs Strong-, S Diego I J B Gilmer, US N
XV XV Weare, Chicago |F W. Sisson. Arizona
Mrs Weare. Chicago C Varona, Mexico
J C King, Redding iDr Ramos.- Mexico
F S Forstner, NY I H Scherer, Mexico'
A C Blair. L Ang 'E H Fox. Chicago
Dr Freeburger. lowa Mrs J Devereux, Colo
Mrs Klmber, Colo ;F R Lang, Maine
Miss Doran. Colo B H Dorsey. USA -: ;
Miss Klmber, S Barb WB McCarthy. USA
J Amler. Nevada IF L Col well, N V V
E P Bryan. L Ang Mrs Co] well. NY
W H Rvan. NY A J Dutcher. Omaha
D B Hallett, Boston I . D Hoy t. Omaha
Mrs Hallett. Boston Cf F Storey. Omaha
W Senilis. Illinois ; G Thane. Minn
E Woodruff. Salt Lake i Miss Ogler. Baltimore
Mrs Woodruff,- St Lake Miss Nicholson. . Pa
Mrs Jones. Salt Lake IW ; McDowell, England
Mrs L Moore, Clnn Miss Bronson, England
F S Fisher. Stanford - XV B Mason. England
F Smith, S Antonio Mrs Mason. England
Mrs Smith. S Antonio-; .-. ,
s" :.■*-„ NEW WESTERN HOTEL.' '
H L Howard, Stockton iT XV Freeman, "•- Wis '■'-:'
C C Heflln. L Ang T Morgan, S D ;
J D Ellis. Madera . Miss I, Bossl, Stockton
J Pritchard. Fresno J H Hlgglns, Pa
J J Shea. San Diego ' !H Horton, La
J A Jackson, Oakdale |J, McFarland, N V
T Lorentz. L Ang A J Pochnell, N J . ;
C XV McKelvey, Cal __-.»_. Rein, ' ~ .
Miss N Yeager. S Jose |R Mane, NY,
Mrs Miller. San Diego |F McCracken, N V
A E Free--_--, :.W_a -. ■'. I •
THE OHIO'S FIRST RIVET.
Work on the Nation's Defender Com-
menced at- the Union Iron Works.
.The work of .building the hull of the
Ohio was commenced at the Union Iron
Works yesterday. . During the past few
weeks men have been . busy shaping the
ribs j and plates, and, having got all the
pieces in place for the start, it was or
dered yesterday that the first rivet' shout
be driven into place in trie keel -of the
great naval fighter. There was- no un
usual ceremony in the driving of this first
rivet, except that a greater number than
usual of the officers of the. yard were on
hand. , .
Besides the building of this huge man
of-war the Union Iron Works has four
other vessels on the ways. The construc
tion of these has taxed every inch of
available space in the shipyard and at
the same time has been .the means of giv
ing work to about 3000 men.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.'
Friday, May 19.
Stmr Fulton, Le Vinson, Portland.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins.
. DOMESTIC PORTS. -;-^
TACOMA— May 19— Str Victoria, fm
Hongkong.- - -;,;;;;>•.':.;
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— . May 19-Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton and Cherbourg.
QUEENSTDWN— Arrived May 19— Stmr Etru
ria, from - New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded^ ■ -
MEETING NOTICES.
STATE Convention A. O. H., Board i>(~4,
of Erin— The 32d annual State conven- \_wv\W '
-.tion of the Ancient Order of Hiber- aM
nians. Board of Erin, will be held at^wwHa
Crusader Hall, 1159 Mission St.. onf^9S^
SATURDAY, May 20, at 12 o'clock. Board
■ of Directors will meet at the same time and
place. Members In good standing are Invited
to attend; By order
: - M. G. SEARS, S. D.
J. J. KEATING, C. D.
( J. H. GILMORE. S. S.
] OFFICERS and members of the Aus- 6.^
trlan Military and Benevolent Asso- g-gyfe".
ciatton, assemble in your hall SUN- «._ij*£?
DAY*, May 21, at 7:30 a. m., to at- $»_£££
tend picnic, ' parade at Glenwood *wP
Park. M. PERICH, President.
P. SAULOVICH, Recording Secretary.
P. S'— Military section appear in full uni-
form. New caps will be on hand. Please
be on. time.
.- " .M. SABADIN, Captain Commanding.
J. M. RUSSELL, First Sergeant..
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market st.. San,
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur- .
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
- i-uch other business as may ccme before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day, May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company.
number 327 Market St., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000). In
United States gold coin, for the- purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Comi_-ny; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
. to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing shins and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
i acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steam-hip Com-
pany. ■■ '
"special notices.
piles _____ FREII.ING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
! painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
■ BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms f-10:- tei. 5520.
'" 1)1. IDEND NOTICES.
j DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1, 1899.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
__, 1999. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
_-_-___ _
LOST.
LOST— A purse containing about $S5 on Mar-
LOST— A purse containing about $S5 on Mar-
ket St.. bet. Powell and Stockton. Return to
Roys' and Girls' Aid Soelety:-liberal reward.-
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42- Powell, nr. Sutter: tei. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tei. Main 1997. *-*-n.llev f- Co.. f-i 'lay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES looking for servants, leaving orders
with us. will find we take pains to suit.
.1. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
! FIRST-CLASS German cook and dishwasher or
helper; English. French and Hungarian style;
first -class pastry; first-class h.tel; references.
Apply at Ml Natoma St., basement.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day to
do washing, Ironing' and housecleanlng; will
work reasonable. Please call or address 1036
Potrero aye., near Twenty-third st.
RELIABLE woman, understands cooking thor-
oughly, would do light housework; city or
short distance in the country; reference. 16
Willow aye., off Larkin st
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding-house; man first-class cook: wife
good laundress and pastry cook. 312 Van
Ness aye. Y2
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren Wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel, Ellis St., r00m. 23.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
cook to cook and do some housework; wages
$2.; country, city. MS Third st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to as-
sist with light housework in small family.
Address or call at store, 719 Valencia st. . ■
SWEDISH woman wishes a situation as laun-
dress in a private family or ln an Institu-
tion. 513 McAllister st.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work.- 551„ Howard st.
LADY wishes work by the day, washing, clean-
• ing, etc. 321 A Turk st. '
STENOGRAPHER; office assistant; no agen-
cies. Box $64, Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundress want? Work by the
day; first-class Ironer. Call 312 Van Ness aye.
ANY one who would like plain sewing done
please rail at 126 Fourth St., room 16,
WANTED— Situation as nurse and upstairs
work. Address MISS E. W., 2416 Fillmore st.
YOUNG American girl- age 24 would . like to
assist in housework, more for a good home
than wages; references given. Inquire 1219
Mission. . '. ■-.'.'
AMERICAN -woman wishes position as house-
keeper or cook. M. E. M., 3378". Twenty-
fourth st.
YOUNG woman would like second work' or
sewing. 33 Sixth St.. room 21. i
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
cleaning. 452 Jessie st.
1 ELDERLY lady wishes position to assist in
■ light housework; home more an. object than
wages. 2. Eddy St.. second floor, room 40.
WANTED— Position as . cashier by thorough
business woman: hotel,* cafe or restaurant:
5 years' experience; good references. Box 817,
' Call office.- - ;
LADY wishes sewing and repairing to do at
home. 130 Fourth st., room 12.
WANTED— By woman, plain sewing by the
day: grand darner, lace curtain and fine linen
repairing a specialty: prompt reply to all or-
ders. Call or address MRS. CLARK. ■• 730
O'Farrell st., .- "'. , ; -
' SHORTHAND, typewriting .. nnd envelope ad-
■ dressing. : Apply room ,400. , Examiner hldg.
- WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c toSluO night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient nnd respectable: free 'bus
* arid harence f. and from ferry
SITUATIONS WAST!-* MALE. V
JAPANESE .butler with first-class city refer-
, ences - wants - situation. Apply to " J f
: CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. > .„' '
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.: tei. Grant 56.
JAPANESE Emp Office; help: farm hands;
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tei. Polk 12.
CHINESE and- Japanese Employment Offlce;
1 .. best help. : 414 M: O'Farrell st. : , tei. -East- 424.
FOR private place or. country', hotel, . a young
\ man, English. 11 years In -Alameda, Cal., ex-
perienced in gardening jin ( all its l branches.
raising of vegetables, . pruning trees,- care, of
■ greenhouse.- etc., and If necessary ■ can milk
and Is " used *to ? horses; . has ■ ref erene-a. 1„
i _„___... ii Third «_. <-.->
SITUATIONS WANTED— -Continued. '
AN experienced salesman; better accustomed
to represent wholesale or manufacturing
houses; wide acquaintance in city with whole-
sale and retail grocers; would accept a fair-
lv salaried position here, where family is lo-
cated, preferably to starting away on semi-
annual Arizona trip, scheduled for next week;
kindly reply promptly. Address box 891, call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man that
knows the city well to drive a team for
-• wholesale house; a deposit if wanted, Box
■ S6S. Call office. - -
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk and
do all other work around gentleman's place.
Box 596, Call office. - . ' '.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references.
wishes place as such; city or country: bread
and cakes. Addres Baker, 309 Third st.,
Oakland. _________
SITUATION wanted by a first-class machinist,
SITUATION wanted by a first-class machinist.
engineer and steamfltter. Address box 888,
Call office. . V '
MAN, 30, wants position to drive wagon and
be generally useful; .first-class references.
Box 860. Call. •-
JAPANESE young man wants position as an
office boy in a lawyer's office. 931 Sacra-
mento st. care N. W. Metanl.
YOUNG man. 25 years old. will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bend given; city or country. Address i2.fc>.
Call office. . .
GOOD reliable bar man and hotel man: coun-
GOOD reliable bar man and hotel man: coun-
try preferred; speaks German and Englisn;
the best of business recommendation. Ad-
dress box 378, . Call office.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; understands greenhouse, flower Bs-raen.
propagating, budding and pruning; best ot
references. F. C, 2441 Buchanan. St.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a position to tend
ciaar store or bar a few hours every day;
references given. Inquire 43. Fulton si.,
bakery. ______—-— .
MAN and woman wish situations; woman good
cook and man handy at anything. Box &_',
Call office. '
WAS fireman 15 years on English ships: wishes
position as fireman on land; town or coun-
try. 440 Clementina st. '
~ HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
' ' WE WANT TO-DAY
Head waitress, country. $30; head waitress,
city $25; waitress, depot hotel In mountains,
$20. 'half fare paid; 2 waitresses, Carson City,
Nev.. $20. fare paid; 10 waitresses, springs.
resorts and -different commercial hotels. $-0;
2 chambermaids to wait, country, $20; 2 wait-
resses and 2 chambermaids to wait, city $--.
woman cook for summer resort, $30; 3 fancy
ironers, city and country.
; .... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, 2 in family. $25; cook. Martinez,
$25- housegirl. Colusa, $25, fare paid; house-
girl,' Colusa. $20; 20 girls for general house-
work, city. $20 and $25, and many young girls
to assist. $12 to $15; companion to an in-
valid lady in San Rafael, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
NEAT young girl to assist with housework
and care children. $10 to $12. see lady here,
no fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— French nursery governess, $25;
Protestant nurse an.l chambermaid, $20: Eng-
lish second girl, $20; 3 waitresses. $5, $0 and
$20; cook, small country resort. $25; a great
many girls for housework and cooking in
city $20 and $25; 15 young girls who want
work in families, $12 to $15. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 in family. Ross Valley, $25;
waitress, country hotel, $20; girls for house-
work. Newark, $25; Petaluma. $20; Nevada,
$25: Alameda, $25; Merced. $20: Mill Valley,
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
. Sutter st. •_ '
WAITRESS. $25 per month, Winnemucca. Nev.:
chamber and wait 1 meal, city, $20; 3 hotel
waitresses, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 32.
Sutter st. •
CHAMBERMAID, Menlo Park. $25 per month,
see lady here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
YOUNG girl for light chamber work, 5S per
mon*.h. MISS i TBI. EN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, small delicacy store, $20 per month,
sleep home; cook, small restaurant, $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _
PROTESTANT woman, cook Institution, city,
$30; chambermaid, assist waiting, country
note] $20; waitresses. country hotels, $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— woman to qualify for po-
sition of trust: salary $900. Inclose reference
and self-addressed .temped envelope to Di-
rector. Care Call office.
WANTED— Two good skirt and waist finish-
ers; state experience and salary expected. Ap-
ply box 592. Call offlce. .
WANTED— neat girl 16 years old to assist
with light housework, country, $& Call 109
Van Ness aye. .
YOUNG girl to assist' In upstairs work. Call
to-day between 9 and 12 at 1629 Sacramento.
NEAT, reliable young girl for general house-
work, and cooking. Apply 1062 Fulton st.
WANTED— waitresses for evening. 431
Bush st. =
WANTED— First-class finisher ma pantaloons;
Steady work. 423 Vallejo st.
YOUNG strong German girl for general house-
work, plain cooking. 1508 Larkin St.
GERMAN nursegirl. wages $20: young girl to
mind 2 children, wages $15. call early; cook
for Mill Valley, wages $25; several ranch
cooks; 25 young girls to assist. MISS DIL-
LON. 315 Sutter St.; phone Main 804.
LADY tailorei- wanted. J. BAUMGARTEN
CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Elderly lady to care for sick lady.
424 Tehama st. ;
NEAT housekeeper for one; wages $8 monthly.
Box 333. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED governess, capable- of teach-
ing a girl 9 years old in all branches, thor-
ough musician and linguist, for a small coun-
try town ln Nevada. Write full particulars
and references to MRS. E. R.. Hotel Rich-
elieu. .
GIRL for bakery : also to do general housework.
i 952 Mission St., near Twenty-sixth.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing and manicuring.
240 Stockton st. .
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagles.'- Co.. 535 Market.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught: plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st. i
AT 62 Second— furnished single and dou-
ble light housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 week.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable: moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on nvershtrts and un.l»r*e_.
LEVI STH-'-s-- ,c •"•' ••«•- ■--__,_,, 
HELP WANTED— MALE.
C R. HANSEN & C 0..-.' 104 Geary st'
Will ship to-day (Saturday)
Ship to-morrow (Sunday)
Also Monday
For the Coast Railroad _.
For the. Valley Railroad "
All the men that want work
At Wages.
Headersmen. tunnel -. $2 50
Hammersmen, tunnel 2 25
Benchmen. tunnel. 2 00
■ Concrete mixers 2 00
Mason helpers t... J 00
Teamsters, 4 horses . 00
Teamsters, 2 horses..: 1 75
Laborers, pick and shovelers 175
OFFICE FEE ONLY $1.
FREE FARE ..FREE FARE.
-'-•'•■.• Apply ,to . ~.--i-_;
C. R. HANSEN & C 0....... 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, summer resort, $60; second cook.
hotel, city. $60: restaurant cook, > $16 a week :
second cook, small summer resort. $35; third
cook. $25; dishwashers, $25; night kitchen
hand, $5 a week.
Head laundryman for a hotel. $60 and found;
* hand laundryman, springs, $30; washer, $45
■ an.l found.
3 neat waiters for a cafe, $30;' waiter, coun-
try hotel, $30 and found.
[C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
6 CARPENTER-., 5 months' job, near city. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., let Geary St.
BLACKSMITH, city, $2 30 a day: country, $2 50
a day; blackslmth's- helper. $35 and found.
$125 a .lay and found; 2 timber fellers. $10
and found: 3 axmen. $26 and found: screw
setter, $50 and found: spool tender, $33 and
found; 4 laborers for the woods, $50 and
found: see boss here.
Haymakers.' 5125 and board; farmers, $1 a
day and board; milker. $25; German-Swiss
vegetable gardener, $23 and found, for an In-
stitution.
Man and wife for a private place, near city.
$40 and* found, see boss here: farmer and
wife, $40; hostler and wife cook for a stage
company in Nevada.
V C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED
Swamper for logging camp, .near city, $35
< and board,, see party here: crosscut sawyer,
same place, $30; camp cook, $25..
blacksmith, small country shop, near city,
$40 and board: 2 blacksmiths' helpers for
ranch and shop, steady jobs, $30 and found;
brick masons for mine, free fare both ways,
$3- per day and b0ard...:... .......
mi1ker5........ $25 an.l $30
farmer for ■ hop ranch $26 and board
man for . private place, , near city, $30 and
found; i plain shoemaker, for institution, $20
and found; 4 laborers . for mine, no experi-
. ence . required, $45: (|uarryman, hear city,
$2 50 per day; hostler for country stable. $30
- and found, and others. W. D. EWER *•
CO.. 610 Clay st. • ■,". " .*"
WANTED— Baker; for country shop, $43 per
■ month and found: 20. men to work in woods
§ and mill, going wages, see boss here. . W D
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. ' : *■■"'.
WANTED— Bushelman.' S. X. WOOD _ CO
- '-; __ __•!__» ' st. • --; *T ;_*".••
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MU-tRAT & READY. -Phone Main 5848
MURRAY & SuSi_^-^_i-feg_! AKe--848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
„„.'WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. ».._«-«
12 haymakers, Alameda County...... sl _-» aay
ll KVehkrdand vineyard hands .for d«- ,
ferent j V^e,.....^^^,.^^ JO
ferent >*<*? MILKERS ".1....
«' •»»***'«• diffe^°^s-an-126-_nd-Vound
i_ choremen and boys for ranches, etc., »-■-,
-2 "choremen and boys for ranches, etc.. J.*-,
$25. $20, $10 and $8 and found.: •-•
Man to wash cans, city •)nb-------'-'h'''''eX'-
3 young men to work on a large ranch, no ex
perience required $20 and round, fare *-
FRUIT PICK
20 men and boys to P»ck fru^eg..^. gg«
Farmer 'and wife.' $1. . .. •_ . • .$3O and found
TO THE MINES ■■■■■■■•■■■
12 laborers, no experience required.... s2 day
10 coal miners •••s°vc to J_L_2f
3 slate splitters, $2 50 day; 3 hlockmal.ers.
$2 50 day; diamond driller •VA*,*.'-'.!.3 10 7
TO SAWMILL AND W00D5.........
Head donkey man.. WO and found
2 spoolt-nders *30 and found
Planer man HO and found
Ox teamsters, 3 yoke.; go and found
Man to tend chain with teams.. s3s and round
12 laborers for mills and w00d5.. 526 and found
2. setters. Steams' blocks $52 .- and .found
•Bricklayer Boys to '«_rn trades
156 woodchoppers f to, -*1 cord
187 tiemakers Be. 9c. 12c each
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS.....
6 blacksmiths and horseshoers *.*•_••** _
..$2 50 day and $40 and found
3 machinists, different Jobs
IN SAN FRANCISCO •
23 two-horse teamsters, $26 and found and
$1 75 day; $8 laborers, city jobs, $30 and $26
and found; 6 laborers, board yourselves, $1 7a
day; I stablemen, city and country Jobs, $2a
and $20 and found.
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
63. teamsters ...$2, $1 85 and $1 75 day
254 laborers ' $175 and $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE .' FREE FARE
$3 day $2 50 day $2 day.:....5l 75 day
S. P. COAST RAILROAD
We want at once We ship dally
2-horse teamsters 4-horse teamsters
Drillers Rockmen Tracklayers
Stonemasons Laborers, etc.
$1 Office Fee Only $t
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ENGINEER for a large ranch. $2 day and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
18 cooks, different jobs, $35, $40 and $25 and
found; 6 waiters, different jobs, $25 and $20
and found
German married porter, city $10 week
12 dishwashers and kitchen hands. $20 and $15
and found; second and third bakers, city
fobs '- _
Elevator boy Porter, lodging-house
2 laundrvmen. same country -hotel
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A MARRIED :..
Man to milk, wife to cook, country. $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
WANTED— Buggy washer for country; 3 milk-
ers. $25, $26 and $30; butter and cheese maker
for Oregon, $35; 2 sheepherders, $20 and found;
farmers, $1 day; 10 teamsters, $1 75 and $] 90;
choreboy for private family, $10 and found:
cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSET.
_ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO laborers about mill, $1 50 day. go
to-morrow, fare advanced; 5 laborers near
city. $1 75 day: 15 laborers, $2 day; 10 tunnel
men, ii to $2 50 day; 6 laborers, $35 and
found. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Quartz miners, see boss here; tim-
ber man for mine, $2 75 day: blacksmith for
mine, $2 50 day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED— blacksmiths. $40 and board and
$60; woodworker, $40 and board; rough car-
penter, $2 to $2 50 day; machinist for country,
$3 clay; paper-hanger; bricklayers; machine
man for mill. $40 and found. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Second cook, first-class summer re-
sort. $60; 3 cooks for city, $30 to ,?70; dish-
washers, potwashers and kitchen hands, city
and country; waiters, hotels and restaurants;
man bandy with tools, private place, $30;
ironers, washers, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
ton st. .
MAN to do plain washing and ironing, small
country hotel; fare will be paid; milk 2 cows.
MISS 'TEI. EN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, small private family, country,
as cock and gardener, $40 per month ; see
party her:- this morning. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
ro_f ; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion; wages. $175 to $1 8.: also first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
$1 75. $2 and. $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED— man to qualify for posi-
tion of trust; salary $900. Inclose reference
and ' self-addressed stamped envelope to Di-
rector, care Call office.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good sal-
ary: references required; state experience.
Apply box 7S4S, Call offlce.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages
$4. 626 Fourth st.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday; $4 50 and
half over $6. 1234 Pacific st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $4. 920
Battery sc.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
C 23 Clay st. .
GOOD barber; steady job; call early. 431
Kearny st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1065*14
Folsom st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 137'_
Fifth st. -
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 260 Third St.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday; wages
$4 50. 1322 Stockton st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. Emporium
and Golden Rule barber shop.
FARM hands wanted. Call at Golden Eagle,
Hotel. Marysville, Cal.
THIS morning, painter an paperhanger. Apply
7:30 a. m., 1129 Mission st.
WANTED— 3 tinsmiths. Apply GEORGE H.
TAY CO.. 616 Battery st.
WANTED— A good cake baker at 40 Seventh
street. . .
FIRST-CLASS whiteners at 463 Geary st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply. REISS
8R05... 24 Sutter St. _\
WANTED— Steady man. $15 a week; permanent
place; light business; must have small capi-
tal. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geary st.
BOY for office; salary $4. Addres in own writ-
ing, box 844. Call office.
BOY at Lick House Laundry. 9 lick place.
DISHWASHER for restaurant. 113 Turk st.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms: 10c per
Bight, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
i MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents: es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box $26. Chicago. 111.
TAILORS— Coat and pants makers wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN. SIMON _
CO., Market and Second sts.
ELDERLY man. cabinet maker, to assist on
light woodwork. Address box ___________
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine, Corps. United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 3.
year*, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
' character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet I
inches and 6 feet 1 Inch In height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40, Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines. Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required.
and miners unaccustomed to pitching -veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
WANTED— Liborers and mechanics to know
th#t Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
nibs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week
CTGAR-MAKER. 228 Bush St.. rcom 4.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S_ Eighth St.
TO go this week— pairs- men's shoes, some
nearly new, front 50c to $1 50; new shoes.
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
150 MEN. for cleanest houses in city. "Central
House,'' 871 Market, and "Branch House,"
861: 15c to 50c night; all dally papers.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 85c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College. .635 Clay st. .-;
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. ICc. 15c and _"..
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. _. St-oiart st.
&UJS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
«eek or mo. ; rates. 25c . to . $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 6.4 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single.
10c. ]5c night: COc. 90c week: reading room.
; PENSIONS— J. 11. SHEPARD ■_ CO.. attorney*
— _ -Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union;- free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tei. Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms,"' 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House.-, 863*4 Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.-.- below 81 _._,
« fIBT i -TV-., Sac _ _£-_t; SI a week-HELP .NTEI._Coi-tinue«l. |
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nlla. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k»t: •00 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
J i.us and baggage to and from the ferry.
f. ANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
. lerKs. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
\\ '\i BO— MISI KLL >.m:ui <.
WANTED—MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
iß^i-^-J!?8-"*01 road bars: long iob. E. B.
I_U>NE, Elmhurst.
PIANO, safe, carpets, curtains, etc.. also sur-
rey and team, etc., for board at summer I
hotel near Colfax. A. T.. room 200. Safe De- !
poslt bldg.. .San Francisco. Cal.
MATEUR musicians to join orchestra lor so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush St.. room 4.
I XPERT OPTIC I \>s
OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician-
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. IC7IH Market St.. S. F.; .lamia..
tlor. free; open evenings.
_ MEDICAL.
I SURE, safe -and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
ln her a trut friend; a me for patients.
with every comfort, convenience of .1 hospi-
tal and privacy of a home: consultation free
and confidential: home treatment; $5. No in-
strunier.is used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, hy MRS. DR. GWYER,
GW. V.\i
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 4 to % P. m.
TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause*. sßfe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at offlce,
$".: home in confinement; skillful medical at-
:entlon; all can save me and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before .-._- else-
4. v here. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
7 Hyde and Larkin; hrurs. 10 to 5 and 7 to 3
p. m.: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
.. ILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near and far see DRS, GOODWIN free.
well known, reliable, safe and sure: cure In :
24 hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance: rills. $1; cure.
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tei. Howard 424. -
This well-known ladles' physician will' leave
I for Europe May 25.. in order to gain knowledge
which Is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat- '
rons on her return in August.
LL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
.0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
oiick cure l:
anteed; any disease or irregularity ; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief. !
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home, .
etc.; babl»s adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lav self-cure sent; call or write; free; confl- :
denttal. MRS. M. PA VIES. »8 Mark St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
TREATMENT that restores instantly all j
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever 1
cause; positively no instruments used; guar- .
anteed cure at office. $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home-for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. mT; Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own phyatclan, no
matter how leng standing; travelers helped
nt once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladies'" physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 31<> Kearny St.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
I female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
"* ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
fre.^ Call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
t Bt
R.7~and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention; terms mod-
crate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
R. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by chi-
nes* herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 403 Clay
st.: $1 50. Send 2c tamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 631 X st.. Sacramento, -Cal .
LPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
\A. female complaints cured In '-' hours; reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home; no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment. $5. DRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
|R. and Mrs. Wise. 111« Market st.— lnstant re-
I'ef for monthly troubles or money ba.-k.J", up.
PR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body, lis Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$s 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
i Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
A' LI'TELY Bl house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
' 26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell et. : pianos, organs and
.r.s and
all Other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
$-..-.— ELEGANT nlano for sale on $5 Install-
: lano for sale on $5 install-
ments; cost $400. Call 1115 Post st.
1;. .'.. A. DAnTeLS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 3*5 to 312 Dost St.
—UPRIGHTS. $*'.9 up: Installments, $5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chickering and . Steinways. KeefTe's,
1019 Van Ne^s. nr. Geary: tei. Larkin 706.
:ARGAINS— Another btg lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt
OOD piano for practice will be sold at once
for $50 cash. Room 12. Flood building.
— $*S5; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
■■* '"R. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
Post St.
'. O. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
ARG A IN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE, M O'Farrell sL
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken hi%i-
ness and work horses. . Chase & Mi'-ndenhsfll,
successors Klllip & Co.: salesyard. 1732 Mkt.
25 HEAD of fine driving, carriage and draft
horses; 1100 to 1700 lbs.; 5 to 7 years old. Can
be seen at 1623 Powell st., near Union.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
_j i-arf harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
" S*>7 sixth St.. auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
- TOR sale — 10 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
': mr stables, 1?,01 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PHAETON, horse and harness; a fine oppor-
tunity for a person wanting an elegant out-
fit. Apply 314 Washington sL
100 SETS fer-ond-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses 1140 F..1- st.
CARPET CLEANING. .
CITY Steam Carpet-cieanlng Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
.8 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South _*.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
besting Works. 253-357 Tehama St.; tei. 9. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
ML Main 134. GEO WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MtQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tei. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth st. tei. Jessie »♦_
J. E. HELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th ,
*t.; cleaning 3c per yard; tei. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tei. Mint 348.
KLIN'S Carpel heating Works. 333 Gold»n !
Gate avt.: tei. East 126.
LOST- .
1/«T- May 13, a black pointer; white stripe on
breast; about 10 months old. Finder tetUl-
to 1506 Broadway j and receive reward. .;'.-,.
LOST— Fox terrier, around O'Farrell and Tay-
lor sts. Liberal reward at 200 Turk st. •
>3'AVY coated blaal dog; answers to the name
of Monk; tag 711. Finder return to H. A.
BUTTERS. Hillside aye., Piedmont; suita-
ble •ward. :.:','.::
110 REWARD— Vicinity of Third and Mission,
Friday morning, May 5, round-cornered locket
containing old , iv's picture and lock of gray
hair. Return to 211 Minna St.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ssoo; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estab. years; 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wilke. 906 Mkt.
A— sl6oo; corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
one-half block from Wleland's Brewery; daily
receipts about $26; cash trade only; a rare
chance. Call' R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s7oo; corner saloon with 3 entrances; estab-
lished 30 years; doing a rushing business;
large stock: very best location, about one
block from The Call. R. Q. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st. |
A— slsoo; restaurant with 9 furnished rooms in
Contra Costa County; so steady boarders be-
sides large trans custom; meals -■""■ rent
$45; clearing above $175 per month. Call R.
G. wiLKK. 906 Market st
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; 3 horses, _ wagons; office, coal sheds,
barn, including lot 25x137; very beat location;
rarest chance. Particulars R. a- « 1L1..E.
SO6 Market st. ___________
OLD i .- -BJ ■' '-• and well-paying
A— s22oo; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
saloon, including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery: rent $S4; lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain. R. C. WILKE, 906
Market st.
61250; SALOON, doing :•. splendid paying
business- established for years; close to Mar-
ket and Fifth st.-; a good bargain; investigate
at once: no better location In l!;*' city. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$450— BRANCH bakery and stationery -tore in
the Mission: living rooms: rent $18: average
dally receipts#slo. Call R. G. WILKE. 90b
Market st. ,:-■■.
$200— CORNER saloon; rent $35: California and
Market sts. R. Q. V. II.KE. 906 Market st.
$125— RESTAURANT; bargain; disagreement of
partners cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN „
CO., ,77 Market st. __;
$175— BARBER shop: five chairs; laundry
agency included. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market St.
TO sell your business promptly for .ash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
$250— ■Mi: bakery and lunch room; make
offer, HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
' ness: owner sick; must sell. JONES ,- CO.,
865 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in good-paying busi-
ness; too much for one to do; no experience
required; trial given. West. In. Co., 9 Geary.
OYSTER house; great sacrifice : cause leaving |
city. COWING „ CO., 995 Market st.
see BASILE, 573% Market St., to buy or sell
your business; lodging houses a specialty.
FOR sale— Bargain; rare chance ; first-class gro-
cery, family liquor and win- store; best loca-
tion In Western Addition. San Francisco; es-
tablished new five months ago; doing fair
business; proprietor must leave on account
of business interests in country. Address box
SS9. Call office. -
NEW and complete furniture of a flat for sale
NEV,' and complet - furniture of a I I
cheap: best stove and linen. .12;. Pierce st.;
call from 1 to 4 p. in.
LADY partner wanted In an office enterprise; j
pood scholar with small capital required. Box
895. Call office. ;-;,_ .-•.■■'.■■: '
$125— PARTNER In butcher shop; good open-
ing for practical man. Box 890, Call office.
FOR lie cheap; set butcher fixtures. 1344 How-
ard St. ■
FOR SALE— Fruit store; good chance. 130
Eighth st, ; no agents.
BARBERS— Shop for sale cheap: one chair; 15c
and _.'■<■ Information 2045 Mission st.
SALOON: cheap; East st., near Folsom; low
rent. Inquire Call office.
$110— BARBER shop; 2 chairs and fixtures; good
location; $30 -cash. Inquire Call office.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— A dry goods, fancy
goods and millinery store, located it Hollis-
ter (county seat); stock about $8000, in good
condition; will sell at -Treat sacrifice; crop
prospects first class. Apply at 134 Sixth st.
?10,iio0 WANTED to finish machinery for de- !
veloped gold mine; each $1000 invested will
pay .__-..■ yearly dividends; investment and
dividends guaranteed; particulars at personal
interview. Box 867, Call office.
FOR sale Gallery in Seattle; old and prosper-
ous stand; must sell at once. For particular-
see T. P. ANDREWS 109 Montgomery st
PARTNER with small capital in good paying
business. Box 12, Yountville, Cal.
$350— BAKERY for sale; good location; estab-
lished 20 years; best of reasons for selling.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— 2-chalr 5c barber shop; . price $20.
35 Pacific st.
SALOON for sale at 80 Jackson St.. between
Davis and Drumm.
BARBER shop for sale. Inquire at 1536 Ken-
tucky st. j
OLD-ESTABLISHED house wants partner*!
with $10t.. Box 83.5. Call -fflce.
SHOE shop: must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished ; good prices. ___ Bush. ;
BARBER shop with living rooms for sale at
1612*. Folsom st.
FOR SALE— On account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $__ a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight St.
! FOR sale cheap— Steam cleaning and dyeing
works: doing a first-class business. 20 Locust
St.. Santa Cruz, Cal.
WELL-PAYING jewelry store, established 17
years, for sale on account of departure for
Europe; watch repair work a specialty. Ap-
ply to GEO.- STEAD. US*. Third st.
J. WANTED: working partners; Lower Cali-
fornia enterprise after abalone shells and
curios. For particulars address for two weeks
G. D. C. box -I-1. Monterey. Cal.
GENERAL blacksmith shop for sale; good
reasons for selling. Thirty-eighth and San
Pablo ayes., Oakland.
STORE— and Twenty-second sts. ; new
building; fixtures for groceries and saloon.
Key 1254 Mission st.
SHOE store and repairing shop for sale, on ac-
count of sickness. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro. •
BLACKSMITH shop to let or sale; Mission
road, near 7-Mile House. Inquire Greyhound
saloon.
$300— FOR sale; good paying saloon. Inquire at
Call office.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it.
ROUTE on this paper for Bale. Apply this
office
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM house; clears $S0; only $350
110-room corner house: clears $500 -.00
bouse: clears $500
18-room house on Turk' st 700
65-room house to exch'ge for small house. 3000
10-room house on Taylor st 500
24-room house on Market st SCO
15-room house on Howard st 600
22-room; new, cost $4500 ' 1800
24 rooms on Geary st 6-"
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300.
12 rooms: exchange for large h0u5e...... 600
64-room house: clears $800 1600
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
A— KREDO & CO 22*. GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
38 rooms; Market st.; best In city $1200
24 rooms; Geary St., near plaza 800
16 rooms; Post st.; always full 775
10 rooms; O'Farrell st. clears $50 300
6 rooms; 3 rooms pay rent 200
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
a 4600; 46 ROOMS; prominent business corner;
cheap rent; wort $2000; the chance of a life-
time. KREDO & CO., 22': Geary st.
9 rooms $12.1 IE rooms $200
7 rooms 200 2S rooms 550
7 rooms 22." 18 rooms 750
50 others clearing $50 to $200; money loaned.
National Agency, 783% Market st.
POST, 233, corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
and single rooms; c.ntrally located; to gen-
tlemen and families; all conveniences; refer-
ences given; elevator.
lir,a_ii ROOMS; near Third and Market; rent
*20. National Agency. 7S3M. Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat, as a whole
or part. 2341, Sixth st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Gal
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market St.; tei. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. XV. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
.-barges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts.
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
No charge unless successful; advice free; of- ;
flee open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room . 604, Emma Spreckels bldg.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor, Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKE— Spreckels building. 927 i
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance. J
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
XV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper., for mailing. $1 per year. |
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence, i
1021*. Market st., bet. 6th and 7th. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— address of any one seeing lady-
hurt on Howard st. car between Fourth and
Fifth sts. Thursday, mii inst. Please ad-
dress WM. A. AKIN. 3062 Twenty-fourth st.
DON'T miss Professor Merki's annual concert
and ball. Wed., May 24, Union Sq. Hall; 25c.
WANTED— Hairdresser. Apply 223 Polk st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero.
nr. 25th; Guerrero st. cars; tei. Blue 991.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24- O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
LEDERER is at the bead of his profession;
hairdresslng only 25c; hair rolls, 10c; longest
ear to ear only 35c; great sale of wigs at half
price. l._ Stockton st.
LEDERER' a Quintonica Is beneficial used dally
as a hair wash, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foama
Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
CEMETERY fences; best work: lowest' prices.
DOUGLAS, Centra] aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell picnic hams. 7c lb.; good flour, 75c sk. ;
cornmeal, 20c sk. ; hams, 10c lb.; butter, 25c
roll, tomatoes, 90c do*.; Jelly. $1 doz.; coffee,
8 lbs.. $1; rice. 20 lbs.. $1; prunes. 25 lbs., $1.
LINCOLN PROS., cash grocers, 226 Sixth st.,
above Folsom.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Lav a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bub and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, Printer, 511 Sacramento St.;
phone Main -836.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $.". monthly; single lessons.
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. STJSAK-I _ CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-140 Post st., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line Indies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
BUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter St.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold; tei. Mint 997. j JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
* prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion: guarntd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets bed lounges j
«4 r,n: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth. !
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st.; dresses made, $5 :
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A!— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
Mllfe reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis |
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
:l___-___ I
I I metrlst; U to I
MRS s SIEP psychometrlst:- ll to 5; 50c;
' circles' evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
eir. les _____________
MENA FRANCES, independent slate,
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. US Haight st.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all; -s -Fri., 2p. m. ;
Mon.. 8: 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS It. 'MANN the well-known fortune
teller, has ■ •■■:■■ offlce ■■■ 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMF ESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
* ant, palmist and card reader returned from
abroad opened parlors at 112 Mason st.. near
Ellis st.; hours -.' a. m. till 9 p. in. ; open
Sundays; fee (Oc; English and German spok- •
en: card reading at private entertainments.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dies, 50c; gents. $1; sit- $1 50. 126 Turk st. _
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 1- and IS, second floor, S6s',_ Market.
-rvoyant. medium and
MRS MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234*_ Sixth.
HISS GREEN", card reading and palmistry. 2"3
Post, room 7. '•' -.V t
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and niag-
netist, 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 8651. Market St., rooms 8-9.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
1 past, present and future: He 14S 3th, r. 12.
MISS EVA SHELDON, celebrated card reader
from Portland, Or., 17 Grant aye., room 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
in her profession; never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS It! CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary wL. rooms 1 and 2.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St.. room 6.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market St., room- 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 113 Grant aye, r. 1". second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st.. r. 34; French. and English spoken.
RETURNED- V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2.'c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Oer.
main.. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; tei. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. P.
A— HE. BUSHNELL; the famous palmist.
916 Bush st.. between Taylor and Jones.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, '.M-hand machinery*- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ELEGANTLY fitted up store, including shelv-
ing, counters and 5 silver-mounted showcases;
living rooms in rear; long lease; rent $25.
256 Third Bt.
FLAGS and bunting; small quantity for sale
cheap. Apply at once at 1037% Market st. .
CHEAP— II sets of Inside blinds; almost new.
Inquire 2406*4 Folsom st.
ATTENTION— People going to Alaska will do
well by buying tha. beautiful and well-
trained team of Eskimo dogs at 2137 Lombard
St., bet. Fillmore and Steiner. •
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, ■
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
A-^^- ■ ■■ AN OVERSTOCK
St. Germain Billiard Co., 400 Market st. ; all
styles, new and 2d-hand. tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; Installmts.
FINE sealskin jacket for $90; cost $200. UN-
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
A— SUITS made to order tor $35 at $12 50. MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery.
NICKEL cash register, nearly new; total adder.
Apply HOLTUM BROS.. 565 Market st,
TO campers— Folding tents for sale from $1 60
up. .Room 24. Flood building.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
screw cutting lathe. 648 Mission st
LAUNDRY plant complete: boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery*. ;
ASHMAN & BURKE,' 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 106J Mission st.
SAFES— sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES Bargains in new and second hand, all
'sizes; half Original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES. 
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies, 145»Slxth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, .Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th. .
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -nted; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth __.' ; I
HOUSES TO LET.
FINE sunny pleasant house, 7 rooms, ln per-
feet condition; 3SS6 Twenty-flrst Et., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ________
JESSIE, 351, near Emporium— House of 6 rooms,
bath, hot and cold water; lower front room
would make a nice workshop; rent $20.
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
724 Broderick St., near McAllister^
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
flrst and Guerrero sts.: 12 rooms; large gar-
den; lawn; flowers; stable; electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms, ln per-
feet condition; 3.88 Twenty-flrst st.. next to
corner Guerrero; electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. Key at corner. .
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; 9 Laskie St., 'be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission; rent
reasonable. Madison & BURKE. ■
PARTLY furnished house; modern conveni-
ences; 2533 Mission. Room 24. Flood building.
6-ROOM upper flat; very sunny: nicely fur-
nished; reasonable; adults; references. Apply
from 1 to 4 at 314 Waller St.. near Webster.
COTTAGES TO • LET.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FINE cottages reduced from $15 to $12. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms and bath, $6. A M.
■ SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE place, s. off Taylor, near Post-
Lower flat, 4 nice sunny rooms, $12.
BRANNAN, 122, nr. Third— Upper flat, 2 choice
sunny rooms: yard; cellar; $6 per month.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MOST desirable new sunny 5-room Hat and
bath. Chelsea place, off Bush St., between
Stockton and Powell.
MISSION Hats reduced from $13 to $10. A. M.
SPECK & CO. .
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat, 6 rooms,
bath: all latest improvements. 12 Grove st.
NEW an- rdplete furniture of a flat for sale
cheap; L . stove and linen. 912*_ Pierce St.;
call from 1 to 4 p. m.
NINTH. Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
TO rent— 2 modern new flats: 6 and 7 rooms.
SE. corner of Lyon st. and Golden Gate aye.
UPPER fl_kt, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Fillmore.
2 NEW, sunny, modern flats. 1603 Broderick
St., 8 rooms. 1608 Broderick St., 6 rooms;
rents reduced. J. JACOBS.
$11, $12. SUNNY flats: range; hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place, cor. Sacramento.
$10— LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 305—2 large front housekeeping; also
single room; private family; reasonable.
EDDY, 626— Parlor floor. 3 or 4 elegantly fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; bath; gas;
running water; nice neighborhood; reference.
EDDY, 917— Nice comfortable clean house-
keeping rooms; delightful place; private res.
ELLIS. 742— Tastily furnished housekeeping
rooms; parlor floor; kitchen; sink; very reas.
FOURTH. 226— Housekeeping, rooms from $1 a
week up; also single.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8. or 2 $10.
CLARY, 1917— $18: for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal; every* convenience.
- .LI-EN GATE aye.. 404—3 sunny rooms; gas,
bath; hot and cold water; newly furnish.-.'..
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1057— Upper or Jower flat
of 3 rooms furnished for light housekeeping.
I GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-turnlahed
i sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— 2 desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms; us- of parlor;
reasonable. : YY..
HOWARD. 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25. 75c night; $1. $2 50 week
HOWARD. l'-v— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences: $1 25 per week up.
JESSIE, 478. near Sixth— Two furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also others.
JONES. 518— Lower floor of 3 rooms, furnlsned;
housekeeping; sunny; yard.
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 sunny front
rooms, unfurnished; also 2 rooms.
MARKET, 2095— 2 or 4 sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable. ■
McALLISTER, 714—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with use of bath; rent $13.
MINNA. 546—2 or 3 nicely furnished -. sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; convenient. :
MISSION. Large front room and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping, $3.
MISSION, .27— 2 large sunny rooms, all fur-
nished for housekeeping. $10.
MISSION. 918—2 or 3 sunny furnished connect-
ing basement hkpg. rooms; also th era cheap.
MISSION, 1125*-— Nice furnished rm. for house-
keeping; good cook stove; $7 mo., or weekly.
MISSION, 1165— Housekeeping rooms; also base-
ment; furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable. _____________
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished looms for
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
NINTH, 21— Suite for light housekeeping; run-
ning water: rent reasonable.
OAK, 119—1 large front room; sunny; fine neigh-
borhood; complete for housekeeping; $8.
OCTAVIA, 1103, corner. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, $7 up; with kitchen,- gas
stove, $11.
SIXTH. 22434 — 9 or 4 rooms; complete for house-
keeping; $15 to $20; private place; neat, clean.
1 SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 or 3 well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; very reasonable.
! THIRD, 308—2 furnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping, with use of bath.
THIRD. 340—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $1 60 per week.
j THIRD. Connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing, $C per month; single room, $4.
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rms.; private family; cor. flat; gas range.
TWENTIETH, 3622, near Valencia— 2 sunny
. furnished connecting rooms; bath; sink.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— sunny
rooms; completely furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, 405, cor. Hyde— Corner sunny suite; also
a front suite: good stoves and sinks.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VAN NESS, Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE cor-
ncr; reasonable to responsible parties.
VAN NESS aye., 518— Front sunny rooms, suit-
able for light housekeeping; gas range.
2 LARGE sunny furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; 2 folding beds, one In kitchen*
one In bedroom; $10 per month, $2 75 per week.
Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission St., bet. First
and Second ys,
1 LARGE sunny furnished room suitable for 2
gents or man and wife, $5 mo. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d st.-.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $150 week and up; transient.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
ASH aye.. 88, near City Hall— 2 furnished or
unfurnished rooms suitable for 2 men; cheap.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $160 day. MIS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St., { "The Pud"— fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
' nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 611, between Hyde and Larkin—
furnished sunny rooms; private; rent reas.
FIRST, 28— Neat sunny furnished rooms, $1 per
- week.
GEARY, 14A— Furnished rooms; double bed;
running water; first and second floors. ; - .
j GOLDEN GATE aye.,- 336— One or two sunny
! front rooms with gas and closet; rent cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny . rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., 309— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suites, single rooms; transient; reas.
GUERRERO, 515, near Seventeenth— Furnished
j front room. "
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select . family
rooming house; $1 BO to $6 per week. f
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; .all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week. ;. . Y'-*YYY--- Y. -.-
HAVES, .' 114— Two unfurnished sunny rooms;
cheap. . ;';:. ; ■ '
, _ , : — — ■—
MISSION, 817— Large sunny front rooms fur-
MISSION. 81. Large sunny front rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; also single
rooms.
POLK, 913— Front alcove room, running water,
$12: also sunny back parlor, $10 per month;
private family.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
* vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271 — Elegant modern sunny
. rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able. -.•.-•"-:-'.:-"."--
POLK. 1431—3 sunny rooms, furnished or un-
furnished; gas and bath; will rent together or
single.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)—
gantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot. cold wat. ; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Front room for business; rooms
for light housekeeping; rooms $1 per week.
SUTTER, 1204*4, near Polk— Elegant sunny
suites; furnished or unfurnished; terms rea-
sonable. Call from S a. m. to 6 p. m.
TAYLOR, 1532— » unfurnished sunny rooms;
closets, hot and cold water, bath; telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
VAN NESS, 615, near Turk— s9, ' well furnished
sunny front parlor.
VAN NESS, 813— One or more, furnished or
not. bath, gas, etc.; very desirable.
VAN NESS aye., Pretty little room, hot
and cold water, folding bed, $2 week.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
ELLIS, 577— Neatly furnished sunny suites', also
single rooms with board; reasonable. j
O'FARRELL. Elegant rooms with board; j
table board; reasonable; references.
CALIFORNIA. 607. "The Bingham"— J
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good !
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished ;
suites and single roo. .s; excellent board.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
1 THE Longworth. 522 Geary— front suite •
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
' — — -! """^ ** *""^— ---——————————— —i mm ------ — -----
CHILDRE*. BOARDED.
CHILDRE?. BOARDED.
I GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
w7NCl7__ivrf_r-lTot^^
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators: French
dinners. !sc; also a la carte; tei. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market st. ; popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
FINE store fixtures to let— Show cases, 5 liv-
ing rooms; *_ith: cheap. 2818 Folsom st.
STABLES TO LET.
TO let— Stable. 8 stalls. 1015 Golden Gate aye.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGgTn S' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless - extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth ls always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to All sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, ROc; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flee hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to _
p..m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $."• up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1448 Market st., near
Eleventh;; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
i A FULL set of teeth, $5: teeth wltout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY TEN-
TAL PARLORS, I Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up: open ev*gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
1 SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, i and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. mm
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL, theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; -'4
teachers, .day and, evening; catalogue free.
HE ALP' B BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES Business College,' 723 Market st. ; j
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, •
penmanship, English branches, '■ etc. ; life I
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo. I
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day, j
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 12C6 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- i
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short- time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad- j
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence. j
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde. |
■ "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- i
mess College, 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE Alaska Glasgow Gold Mine, Limited, In
liquidation.
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS.
Notice Is hereby given that all persons hold-
ing shares in this company are required to
lodge, on or before the 31st of May, 1899, with
the subscriber, the official liquidator of the
company, duly appointed by the Court of Ses-
sion, or with his solicitors, MESSRS. WIL-
LIAM BAIRD & CO., 83 West Regent street
Glasgow, their names, addresses,, numbers of
share certificates held, and designating num-
bers of such shares.
Shareholders failing to comply with this
notice may be excluded from participating in
the division of the company's assets.
T. F. McEWAN, C. A
Official Liquidator.
121 West Regent street, Glasgow. April
I<W. . '
NOTICE. ,■ ' -. ~
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application ln writing '
in the offlce of the Clerk of the Superior i
Court of the City and County of San Fran- !
cisco, addressed »o the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the ■ Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th !
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of j
passing upon the question, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by '
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and •
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de- !
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su- I
perior Court upon the filing of said petition I
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap- i
plication by publication ln some- newspaper i
published' In the' City and County of San.
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my offlce, on or before i
the 22d day of May, 1899. any and all objec-
, tions which they may have to the granting of ■ :
'. said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set :
my hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17.th day of April,- -899. . .-■
(Seal). WILLIAM* A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk ,of the ■
Superior Court. .
' By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy I
? Clerk of the Superior Court. •-• I
.••_-". CITY ' REAL -ESTATE.
$5000 EACH— Worth $7000; for sale. 2 elegant
dwellings on Ashbury Heights, just com-
pleted, each containing 14 finished rooms and
bath, with attic and basement; finest marine
and park view; lots 25x100; take Haight-st.
or any park electric cars to Masonic aye., l
block south of ' Frederick st. Particulars at
. premises. . \ ?Y-,*i?Y -.-.■:_.% ;-','■:■.■■ .
$2400— A GEM; 1014 Noe St.. bet. Elizabeth and
Twenty-third; hew modern cottage, 6 rooms
and bath: lot 25x105 feet: take Castro-st. cars.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye,. and you wish to sell.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
FOR sale or exchange; corner lot; 75x56:3;
house: $5500. G. W. H. PATTERSON CO..
1706 Market st.
$1475— 8 AY-WINDOW cottage; brick founda-
tion; stable; near car?. 8.. box 816, Call.
COUNTRY REAL • ESTATE.
MERRY -HILL property, 5*4 acres, overlooking
city of -Paso Robles, in western suburbs: tine
mineral water: excellent location for resort
or summer residence. For full particulars
address box F. Paso Robles, Cal.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
FOR sale, cheap— Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake, Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans. Vancouver
Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 add: ess THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California .... 3. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. f. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRt'IT. grain and ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM * CO.. 20 Montcorn'ry at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid; for $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FIRST-CLASS improved Chicago income prop-
erty to exchange for California property, city
or country. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
SMALL home near railroad station in Alameda.
Address box 865, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without !
removal: no commission: .no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st,. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. - .- . 7. .' '■■■'
ANY amount at 61. perc ent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances en diamonds and Jew.
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry I
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture arid
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undlv'd int'ts. etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Ex- !
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Offlce, 214 Grant aye. — Money '
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing,
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter- ;
est Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property ls mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlsslon: private LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED to borrow on Improved real estate, i
$1500 at 7 per cent; assessed value $2500. Box
843. Call. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE, /f .
MAGNIFICENT new house: modern; up to
date; 9 rooms: lot 50x200; 2 blocks from San
Francisco local; all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3500 last week; photo In office.
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE, SOS Broadway,
Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
8800— LOT 50x120: fine northwest corner. J- ;.
$1100—50x150; west side Lafayette St.
Lot 70x125 on Central aye.; only $10 per
foot.
$550—25x150; house, 7 rooms.
' $2500— 50x125; cottage,, 6 rooms; all street
work done.
$3500—50x1-.; elegant S-room house; Morton-
ft, station. •
All the above can be bought on small pay-
ments down and the balance can remain on
flat mortgage. --,-.' ._
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st. and 18 Post st., S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NICE sunny furnished room to one or two gen-
tlemen, 2 blocks from Grand st depot. 1606 (
Pacific aye.. Alameda.
* ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED room with board In private fam- j
ily; convenient to both trains; references.
1354 Regent st.. Alameda.
HOME for ladles ln delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st. ;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
6-ROOM cottage; lot 40x106; street work
done; near station; must be sold at once;
parties leaving for East. »
New 5-room house; street work done; will
take a lot anywhere as part payment; a bar-
galn. NAMANNY & ROBINSON, Lorin. Cal.
WE offer very desirable lots handy to electric
cars and local station for only $450; same on
paved street, $550; only $20 1 down and $10
monthly: will lend money to build homes.
We offer a modern 9-room house on large
lot. paved street, close to University and
Berkeley station, for $3650. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st. ; ■ ' ■ .
lI AYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY. ~
4 1-3 acres fine land, house, barn, -well, some
fruit; price .........$l6OO j
10 acres, house, barn, well, part fruit.... _."»0O
21*.-acre chicken ranch, buildings 900
' 6 acres, some fruit, no buildings 700
40ft-acre stock ranch $20 per acre
200 acres, buildings, plenty wood and water.
fenced and cross-fenced; owner made from
this place $2500 last year; price only $7000
• For full particulars and description. call on
P. WILBERT, Castro St.. near -B. Hay-
wards, Cal. • i>, ,:
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE. ~
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining; large barn, shed and
chicken- house and yard.
A large lot, well improved, situated on the
Oakland and Haywards electric road; will
sell at a great bargain: everything in fine
condition: see It and make us an offer. PIT-
TOCK, Real Estate, opp. power house, - Elm-
. burst. '
. STORAGE. — ~~ ~~
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tei. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
• ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tei. Black 311.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. -"
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Philip A. Bjorkman and Sadie E. Libbe'y.. 23-22
Alfred A. Tobln and Anna Shea .'...21-
Louis Greenbaum and Alice R. Greenwald. 3l-23
John E. Jones and Jeanette S.'Doane...... 30-30
Frank J. Gustofson and Beda L. Brond 30-30
Henry Braden and Bertha Meyer 31-.11
Ignaclo Coronel and Llbrada Morales 24-22
Harry Brewer Jr. and Edith Graham 26-27
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with. the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
.:■;-_; .;■-.* --:-:- ■"'■...•■, BORN. ':■ '■:•£.s ■
PATON— In this city. May 14, UM, to the wife
of Robert E. Paton, 'a son.: -'■ .' ■
.  . DI-£_. ; ,-■.'•.., . \.~ -
- Alexander,' Philip Gordon, Alecia ;M.
Alexander, Philip Gordon, Alecla M.
Athenour. Germain Hunter, Henry J. .■.--".'
■ / Aaron. Emanuel McCabe, Michael
Bulger, William Meyer. Minnie E."
Beck, Henry Mastyn, Mrs. Mary
Cassidy. John R. Nleolal, William 1
Collin, Emma P. * Prendergast,- Mary E.
Cohn. Ralph Sargentson, Richard
Doherty, Charles Speed, John
Danforth. William G. Smith. Henry E.
Demetriades, Demet- 'Touhill. David
rius Wolff. Barbara
Eulert, Frederick Wigney, George A.
Eisenbach, Adolph Walls, John
ALEXANDER— this city. May IS. ' 1899,
Philip, beloved husband of Sophia Alexander.
and father of Julius, Bernard, Leo. Theresa
and Rae Alexander, a native of Germany.
(Seattle, Wash., and New York papers please
copy.)
-"-T'Frlends am} acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from nis late resi-
dence, .1021 Washington street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend" street;-.
ATHENOUR— Drowned in Sun.. l. May IS. 1*99.
Germain, beloved and youngest son of Marlus
and Rosine Athenour, aged 3 years and 8
months.
AARON— In this city. May 19. 1899, Emanuel.
youngest and beloved son of Simon and the
late Hannah Aaron, and brother of Lewis
and Adeline Aaron and Mrs. Bella Arendt, a
native of San Francis. ... aged 2" years.
BULGER— In this city. May 16, 1899. William.
beloved husband of Margaret Bulger, father
of Lizzie. Willie. Joe and George Bulger, son
of Elizabeth 'and the late Captain John Bul-
ger, brother of James and John Bulger.
and brother-in-law of Richard J. and William
Cousins and Mrs. Annie E. McVicker. a na-
tive of Wexford. Ireland, aged 41 years.
-.."''Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 57 Chesley street, thence to St.. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. -.-' .•
BECK— In South San Francisco, at Bay View.
May 17, 1899, Henry, dearly beloved husband
of Mary Beck, and beloved father of Fred.
Henry Jr. and the late John Beck, a native
of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 56 years 3
months and 6 days. A member of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 43, K. of P.
(T/yFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Mason;.- Hall.
. corner of Fourteenth and Railroad avenues
south, where services will be held under the
auspices of South San Francisco Lodge No.
43, K. of P. Remains at residence, 1«37 Twen-
tieth avenue, between N and P streets south.
until 12 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery by carriage.
CASSIDY— In this city. May 18, 1899, John R..
beloved son of Hugh and Margaret Cassidy.
and brother of Frank. Thomas and Eugenia
Cassidy and Mrs. Sarah Collins, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years and 10 months.
[t-?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1326 Natoma street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLIN- In Oakland. May 16, 1899. Emma
Philippine, beloved wife of Henry Collin, and
father of Frances J. and Leon-fas B. Collin,
a native of New Orleans, aged 52 years 4
months and 24 days. (St. Louis and Cripple
Creek. Colo., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1316 Kirkham street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. San Francisco. ' _
COHN— In this city. May 19. 1899, Ralph, be-
loved son of Louis and Etta Cohn. and brother
of Annie, Nathan and Emily Cohn. a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 2 months and
2 days. .
--"""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 ..-clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1312 Buchanan street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets.
DOHERTY— In this city. May 19. 1599. Charles.
"belpved husband of Mary Doherty. and broth-'
er of the late Dennis and Daniel Doherty, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years.'
{.-•"Notice of funeral hereafter.
DANFORTH— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. May 19. 1899, William Gibbs I'anforth, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 77 years.
DEMETRIADES— this city. May 13. 1599,
Demetrius, beloved brother of George, Nicho-
las. Emmanuel. Brasldas and Amalla Demet-
riades. a native of Greece, aged 38 years.
EULERT— In the City and County Hospital.
May 19. 1899, Frederick Eulert, a native of
Germany, aged 79 years.
EISENBACH— In this city. May 18, 1899.
Adolph. beloved husband of Dlna Elsenbach,
father of Julius and David Eisenbach. and
brother of Mrs. Lena Stelnhardt, a native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged 62 years 8 months
and 19 days. (New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2116 Post street, between Pierce and
Scott, thence by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 11:43 o'clock to crema-
tory at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
GORDON— In this city. May is. 1899. Alecia
Moore, dearly beloved wife of James Gordon.
i and mother of Gretta and Ruby Gordon, a
native of Ireland, aged 38 years. (Cleveland,
Ohio, papers please copy.)
o_ ""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 619 Jessie street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUNTER— into rest in Alameda, May
19, 1599, Henry J., beloved husband of Han-
nah E. Hunter, and father of Henry C. and
Robert D, Hunter, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa.. In the 72d year of his age.
E-THls friends and friends of the family
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
services to be held at his late residence, 1533
Chestnut street. Alameda, on Monday, May
22, at 9:30 o'clock. Please omit flowers. Cre-
mation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Funeral
car leaves Spear and Market streets at 11:45
o'clock sharp.
McCABE— In this city, May 19. 1899, Michael.
beloved brother of Terrence, Patrick and
Hugh McCabe and Mrs Mary Burk of New
York City, and nephew of Bridget Russell,
Margaret Pumds and the late Patrick Carr
and Susan McFall. a native of the town of
Balllnagh, parish of Killmore, County Ca'van,
Ireland, aged 30 years. ;
E-TFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Company,
20 Fifth street, thence to St. -Joseph's Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
MEYER— In this city. May 19. 1899, Minnie E..
beloved wife of Oscar H. Meyer, and daughter
of Mrs. Sarah McGeary. a native of County
Tyrone. Ireland, aged 20 years 2 months and
19 days. v-, .-).-.:
MASTYN— In this city. Mrs. Mary Mastyn, be-
loved mother of Mrs. James Marshall, sister
of Mrs. Elnor Lewis, and eldest daughter of
the late Thomas Parker Esq of Bloomsbury.
London, England, a native of England, aged
66 years. (London papers please copy.)
[*_"" Interment private.
NICOLAI— In this city. May 19, 1899. William.
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Nleolal.
and father of Emma and Edith Nicolai. 'a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62 years 3
months and 7 days. A member of Occidental
Lodge No. 179, I. O. O. F. : Friendship Lodge
No. 1731, K. of H., and Golden Gate Lodge
No. 8. A. O. U. W.
tr_**Friends-and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 431 Franklin street, near Fulton.
PRENDERGAST— In this city. May 18, 1899,
Mary E.. beloved wife of John J. Prendergast,
and mother of Albert. William H. and John-
nic M ov and Mabel G. and Veronica Anna
Prendergast. a native of Claremorris. County
Mayo. Ireland, aged 42 years.
__•* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 319 Hayes street, between Franklin and
Gough, thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth
'street, near Howard, where a high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
> mencing at 9 o'clock sharp. Interment Mount
I Calvary Cemetery.
SARGENTSON— In this city. May 18, 1899, Rich-
ard Godfrey Sargentson. --Blind Bob." a na-
tive of Owstoa Ferry, Lincolnshire. England.
aged 63 years and 9 months.
_-_"* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
' Hall, corner Of Seventh and Market streets.
under the auspices of the General Relief Com-
mittee. I. O. O. F. Remains at the parlors of
Theodor. Dierks. 957 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SPEED— In the City and County Hospital. May
19. 1899, John Speed, a native of New York,
aged 78 years.
SMITH— In this city. May IS, 1599, Henry E..
beloved husband" of Bridget Smith, and
father of Hubert. John. William and Charles
Smith. Mrs. H. G. Gille and the late Peter
and James Smith, a native of Holland, aged
64 years 8 months and 8 days.
. (rJ7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2432 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ''_.'"'-' "\ v:-:
TOUHILL— Cummings, 'Mendocino county,
April 20. 1899. David Touhill, a native of Ire-
land, aged about 63 years.
WOLFF— In this city. May IS, 1899,. Barbara,
beloved wife of -Julias Wolff, and mother of
Mrs. Mildred' Donahue, Miss Matty James
and Claudy James, a native, of Rio Vista. -So-
lano County. Cal.. aged 46 "years.
tn_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks,' 957 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery*.
WlGNEY— Drowned at the Cliff House, April
14. 1899. George A., dearly belo-ed son, of
Agnes and : the late George A. Wigney. and
brother of Mrs. Charles Ratto. Mrs. E. P.
Pendleton. Mrs. C. J. Sharp and Bennie and
the late Nellie V. Wigney, a native of Chica-
go. 111., aged 20 years _ months and 27 days.
WALLS -Entered into rest in this city. May 18,
1899, John, dearly beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Walls, and father of John A. Walls; a
. native of Pennsylvania, aged 67 years.
l__r Friends -and ■_ acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late .resi-
dence, 2_-7*. California street.
HENRY _. GALLAGHER CO.,
. (Successors to Flanagan _ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL____
80 Fifth St., opposite Llnccla ->--iOQ4, -
Xtlepboaa South M.
1112
BOLD DEFENSE
OF ORGANIZED
LABOR UNIONS
Sentiment of S. F.
Labor Council.
— ♦ —
DENOUNCES GEN. MERRIAM
DENOUNCES GEN. MERRIAM
UTTERANCES OF IDAHO'S GOV-
ERNOR CRITICIZED.
•
A Very Strong Resolution Defining
A Very Strong Resolution Defining
the Position of the Laboring
Man to Be Sent to Presi-
dent McKinley.
At a meeting of the San Francisco La
bor Council last evening the action of the
military authorities in dealing with the
strikers at Wardner. Idaho, and the sen
timents of Major General Merriam and
Governor Steunenberg regarding labor or
ganizations were denounced in a caustic
resolution, a copy of which will be for
warded to the President of the United
States that he may feel the pulse of San
Francisco toilers on the Wardner situa
tion.
The resolution was drafted by a com
mittee appointed at a previous meeting
and adopted last night with but a sin
gle dissenting voice. Its purport Is a con
tradiction of the expression of Idaho's
Governor that labor organizations are
criminal in purpose and prohibitive .of
employment to members thereof; also
that |the utterances of Major General
Merriam are the underminings of civil
liberty. it is as follows:
Whereas, a condition of momentous gravity
has risen from the conduct .-i the State and
Federal authorities in dealing with the parties
suspected of comDllclty In the destruction of
th- Hunker Hill and Sullivan mill at Wtird
ner Idaho, on April 29. 1599; and
Whereas, this condition is the result of ut
terances made by Major General Merriam, I*.
S. A., while in authority on the scene, to the
effect that trade unions should be legally pro
hibited as criminal conspiracies, followed by a
proclamation of Governor Steunenberg of
Idaho, which declares that "certain organiza
tions or combinations (the miners' unions) ex
isting in Shoshone County have shown them
selves to he criminal in purpose by destroying
property and permitting murder." and pro
hibiting the employment by mine-owners of
men -'belonging to said or other criminal or
ganizations" during the continuance of mar
tial law, with the alternative of closing the
mines; therefore be It
Resolved, by the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil, that we condemn the language of Major
General Merriam as a malicious attack upon
organized labor an.l a threat against all forms
of civil liberty; and further
Resolved, That we condemn the action of
Governor Steunenberg in declaring the cer
tain organizations or combinations in ques
tion— to wit. the miners' unions— to be crim
inal In purpose, and prohibiting: the employ
ment of members thereof, as -an assumption
opposed to the known facts,- an arrogant
stretch of authority under martial law, and
a total subversion of the principle, underlying
the determination of both law' and equity, that
trial and conviction must precede condemna
tion and punishment; and further
Resolved. That we urgently protest against
the cruel and Inhuman treatment of the min
ers nd others now under arrest at Wardner,
end against the arrest and removal of the civil
officers of Shoshone County and appointment of
others chosen with a view to their pliancy
under the military regime, as an, aggravation
el the main indictments, designed for the pur
pose of terrorizing the community and the
public at large; and further
Resolved. That we see in the present situa
tion at Wardner. Idaho, a definite relation to
the recently inaugurated policy of the Govern
ment, which repudiates the principle of equal
and Inalienable rights, as applied to those peo
ples of other countries with whom the Govern
ment Is now at war, and, therefore, that this
situation clearly forecasts the extension of
that policy with the same results to all the
people of the United States; and further
Resolved. That we submit this statement of
our position to th* public In the hope and con
fidence that It will arouse the fullest sense of
the danger involved in these conditions. We
deplore the acts of violence against property
and the deaths that have occurred in the af
fected locality, but we deny that the.. cir
cumstances afford any justification for the
course now being pursued by the authorities.
The civil authorities are vested with full
power to punish the persons responsible for
these crimes, and- we pledge our assistance to
that end by .-very means compatible with law.
We. therefore, declare that the action of Gen
eral Merriam and Governor **teunenberg is
conclusive evidence of a policy to destroy civil
government and to establish upon the ruins
thereof an oligarchs dependent upon and sup
ported by military power. Confronted by this
condition. It behooves • every citizen to voice
L- ■_—____■ I , , i ..■ . 
a\\\\^W __. M. Am. V_r _W*&^_y
•* W IT J.
__! __^v £ r _B _§ vm ijs
are made with Royal Baking Pow-
! are made with Royal Baking Pow-
der, and are the most appetizing,
healthful and nutritious of foods.
Hot biscuit made with impure
& and adulterated baking powder are .
neither appetizing nor wholesome.
I ■_-■»#. 1 111
I It all depends upon the bak-
ing powder. I
Take every care to have your
1 biscuit made with Royal, which is
a pure cream of tartar baking pow-
r if.-.-. ° r.
>a pure cream of tartar faking pow-
der, if you would avoid indigestion.
i ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK. i' V : '
hi. protest against the threatened abrogation
of the principles upon which ous Government
Ik founded, to reaffirm his allegiance to these
principles and his determination to maintain
them; and further
Resolved, That we demand and we call upon
the public in our support, that civil supremacy
be re-established in Idaho, to the end that all
persona suspected of crime shall receive fair
and full trial under the constitutional safe
guards; and further
Resolved, That we repudiate the charge of
Major General Ken-am and Governor Steunen
berg that trad.- unions are criminal, either In
purpose or effect; that we renew our faith in
said organizations as a basic factor in the pro
tection and improvement of industrial life, and
avow our determination to defend, encourage
and extend them as a necessity to the exist
ence of industrial liberty and the welfare ot
society: and further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to William McKinley. President
of the United States, and to the press of ban
Francisco.
Peter Releus presented credentials from
the Milkers' Union and was given a place
in the council. The Sailors' Union re
ported that but 130 per month was paid
to seamen on Government transports and
that this is the smallest scale of wages
paid on any vessels. Certain contractors
who require men to ,york ten hours a day
on Government jobs will be considered at
the-next meeting of the council.
ANOTHER FOWLER
WILL DISCOVERED
FILED FOR PROBATE BY THE
DEVISEE'S ATTORNEY.
J? second will, purporting to have been
drawn by the late D. D. Fowler, the min
ing man,- who died at St. Luke's Hospital
on March 9 last, was filed for probate yes
terday. A few days after Fowler's death
a will was filed and admitted to probate
that bore date preceding his death but
five days. He left all bis property to his
children in this will with the exception
of $2500, which he bequeathed to Mrs. Wil
liam D. Fairer, of this city, who cared for
him during his last illness. Yesterday
another will, bearing date of October _._>,
IS9B, was tiled by Eugene Deuprey. This
will is witnessed by Thomas XV. Bethel.
603 Fell street, and Edwin C. Van Dyke,
at that time residing at St. Luke's Hos
pital, and with the exception that it dors
not mention Mrs. Farren is similar to the
first will filed. It reads:
Know all .men by these presents: That by
reason of th.- conduct of Ellie F. Fowler, in her
efforts to humiliate me and her apparent dis
regard of all wifely affection for me I do here
by revoke all wills and any will made by me
before the date hereof and particularly one
mede in her favor. ! further hereby declare
and will that my estate of whatsoever char
acter and wherever situate be distributed two
thirds therof to my Invalid child. Lizzie M.
Fowler, at St. .1...-. Mo., at Invalid Home, and
one-third thereof to Nellie I). Bennett, Bevier,
Mo. ; Frank B. Fowler. Kansas City, Kans..
and D. D. Fowler of th.- same place, share and
share alike, and I hereby appoint Thomas Kyle
and Thomas W. Bethel executors of this will.
In witness whereof 1 have Signed my name
to this, my last testament, consisting of one
and a third pages. D. I>. FOWLER.
Notwithstanding the fact that the first
will has been admitted to probate for a
purpose and a compromise effected be
tween decedent's will and the. devisees.
Mr. Deuprey went before Judge Coffey and
offered the will. Judge Coffey closely ex
amined the will and then asked the at
torney to what use he intended to put
the document, as 11. bore an • earlier date
than the one already admitted. "The will
1 now present," answered Mr. Deuprey,
"although bearing an earlier date than
the one admitted, is of later execution
than the lirst and this we will prove." As
the date already admitted simply bears
decedent's X mark it Is quite probable
that a winning fight may be made on that
presented yesterday.
Evelyn Holt Was Absent.
Evelyn Holt, the woman who on Sep
tember 5 last tried to kill Conrad Pecker
with a pistol because the latter had mar
ried the Nemesis of Colonel Sutherland,
Mrs. Webber, did not appear when her
case was called for trial by Judge Lawlor
yesterday morning. A bench warrant
was in consequence issued by Judge Law
lor. fixing the defendant's bail at $2000,
hut it is doubtful that the warrant will
ever be served. It is said that Miss ii.it
has gone East to avoid trial and. is min
gled with the vast throngs of some big
Atlantic city when- it will be practically
impossible to detect her.
Circus and Alpine wrestling at Glen
Park Sunday, commencing- 12 m. *
Temperance Rally.
There is to be a grand, rally of all the
: temperance forces of the city this after
. noon at 2 o'clock in Dr. John A. B. Wil
| son's church (Howard-street M. I-;., be
tween Second and Third streets). Rev. J.
W. Wells of Fresno, chairman of th_-
executive committee of the Prohibition
party, representatives from the W. <-. T.
V.. Dr. Wilson and others will speak.
There will be somo excellent singing.
Circus and Alpine wrestling at Glen
Park Sunday, commencing 12 m. *
Amended tne Articles.
Amended articles of incorporation of
J. J. O'Brien & Co. were filed yesterday.
The capital stock is $175,000. of which
1120.000 has been subscribed. The direct
ors are James O'Brien, Joseph .1. O'Brien
Ella I-'. O'Brien. Gerald J. O'Brien, Maria
A. O'Brien and Thomas P. Crowley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 20, 1899.
ATTACKED HER
LOVER WITH A
HORSEWHIP
Exciting Episode on
O'Farrell Street.
— * —
REVENGEFUL' WOMAN'S ACT
REVENGEFUL WOMAN'S ACT
— •♦ —
MRS. DR. CLARK ASSAULTS
CHARLES LENAHAN.
»-
Jealous of His Attention to Cato de
Jealous of His Attention to Cato de
Hoop, She Waylays Them and
Uses Her Whip With ' .
Telling Effect. .
"You're a dirty cur; you profess to love
me and now I find you with another wo
man. Take that, you ingrate. and
that"-*—
"Thus spoke, Mrs. Dr. Frances Clark as
she applied a horsewhip, which she had
concealed under her sealskin coat, on the
head and shoulders of Charles Lenahan,
a well-known man about town and pro
fessional pianist.
The incident happened on O'Farrell
street near Stockton.
Lenahan, accompanied by another wo
man who is known as Cato de Hoop.
drove up to a saloon, intending to have
a bottle of wine, as Lenahan claims.
Scarcely hail they alighted from the
buggy when Mrs. Clark appeared "ii the
scene. After catching a glimpse <>l her
rival, whom she at once recognised, she
proceeded to upbraid Lenahan for his
conduct. The latter attempted to explain
that he had met the woman by accident.
when Mrs. Clark drew forth a whip
which sit.- had concealed in the folds of
her sealskin sacque and brought it down
on her lover's head. With a cry of pain
Lenahan started to join his companion,
who was seated In the buggy, but was
1 stopped by the infuriated woman. Ex-
citedly approaching her rival, Mrs. Clark
proceeded to belabor her with the whip.
"You're no woman," she indignantly re-
marked as she rained blow after blow on
the head and face of the astonished fe-
male. "I want you to understand that I
am engaged to marry this man" (point-
ing to Lenahan).- . .
"t The latter, after recovering from the
: suddenness of the attack, quickly seized
the whip and thus prevented Mrs. Clark
i from further injuring her rival. .
.With blood streaming down her face
Miss de Hoop jumped from the buggy
and assisted by a male friend 'who wit-
nessed the occurrence hastily left the
! scene.
Evidently maddened by her escape, Mrs.
, Clark, with the aid of her whip, proceed-
ed to be revenged on Lenahan. She at-
tacked him with tin- ferocity of a mad
I woman and amid declarations of unfaith-
fulness she repeatedly struck him over
- the head and shoulders with the whip.
A large crowd had collected by this time
anil they cheered the woman on.
i Satisfied that he was "up against It,"
as he expressed it. -Lenahan jumped into
his buggy and rapidly -drove away from
the scene. ■; . -
With a triumphant cry Mrs. Clark, re-
placed tho whip under her saccule and
disappeared down O'Farrell street.
. It is said that Mrs. Ciark is madly in-'
fatuated with Lenahan. Several days be-
fore the horsewhipping episode, it is au
thoritatively said that she wanted him
to marry her. It was aereed that they
i were to be married by a Justice of the
j Peace in Oakland, but she insisted that
the ceremony should be kept a secret.
According to Lenahan, she bought him a
magnificent diamond ring; in return he
purchased a marriage ring, which he gave
to Mrs. Clark. It was arranged that they
should meet at the Oakland ferry, pre-
paratory to crossing the bay and becom-
ing husband and wife, but at the last mm
ute Lenahan got "cold feet" and did not
materialize: Although angered' beyond
measure, Mrs. (.lark promised to forgive
him, provided he consented to marry her
in the near future.
W-ien,seen last night Lenahan admitted
that he had been horsewhipped by Mrs.
Clark, but persistently refused to giv*
any particulars.-
"It was only a love affair." he ex-
plained. "I got the worst of it and am
satisfied. See Mrs. Clark; she might tell
you what happened." /*"
Mrs. Clark, evidently determined not to
be Interviewed, has purposely kept out of
the way of reporters. Inquiry at her
home last night was met with the re-
sponse that she had left the .city, but
would return in a few days.
Miss de Hoop, who with Lenahan was
assaulted by Mrs. Clark, also refused to
talk about the occurrence.
"Pleas, don't say anything about it."
she pleaded last evening. "I was Indis
creet and got the worst of- it. I did not
know that Charley was engaged to marry
Mrs. Clark or I would not have gone for
a drive with him." *
Lenahan fears* that Mrs. Clark will su*
him for breach of promise of marriage,
but he claims be is prepared for any
emergency that might arise from his en
tanglement with her.
EAGLES' PICNIC.
New Fraternal Order Will Give an
Outing at Schuetzen Park.
The picnic which will be given to-mor
row at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, by
San Francisco Eerie No. 5, Fraternal Or
der of Eagles, promises to be an unquali
fied success. The Order was started about
a year ago in Seattle and has 6300 mem
bers. The local branch has a membership
of 500 and has only been in existence
Crte_._E._4-, AN
-♦-«.-♦-s—♦- ■-. ♦-♦ -♦-<$>-♦- •_•-♦- 9
three months. It is the only benevolent
organization which admits retail liquor
dealers in Its ranks. Ii is popular with
theatrical people and numbers many peo
ple connected with the stage as members.
Three thousand tickets have already
been sold for the picnic and Schuetzen
Park is destined to be crowded on tne oc
casion. The committees have been un
tiring in their efforts to make their Initial
picnic one of the best of the season. One
hundred gate prizes have been provided,
sides five hundred for various other
events. The bowling contest for cash
prizes, ranging from $15 down to $). Is
exciting great Interest and there will In
numerous contestants for most nines and
most misses.
Following are the committees having
the affair in charge:
Committee of arrangements— A. C. Berthier
(chairman), T. 11. Lindsay, B. L. Wagner, J.
C. Glynn, .1. Cannon.
Floor manager — J. Crowley. Y-Y.
Floor committee— F. Killeen. 1.. M. Lan
dresse, R. H. Rusch, Joseph Millard. F. E.
Bunnell, J. J, Meagher, .1. J. Keefe, R. B. Por
ter, A. Calegarls. _ F. Burns,' C. EC Ehmann,
J. McStay, E. ChevaVler. •
Committee on games S.. D* Simmon (chair
man), J. Harris, J. C. Glynn, -J.- L. Herget,
M. W. Grady, C. E. Corey, W. L. Dolan.
Committee on programme— R. B. Loos (chair
man). F. G. Fall, C. XV. Nevin, J. J. Silvey, XV.
I. Sterett-. . . - . •- -.
Committee • on • bowling alley— Leo Ratto
(chairman), Fred Kuhls, Eli Landry. T. B. XV.
Leland, L. Lagarde, C. E. Lawrence, P. Am
brose.
BASEBALL TO-DAY.
Oakland and San Francisco to Fight
for the Lead.
A. grand contest for first plitce honors is
the card that" the California Baseball
League .offers to the cranks this week.
The Oakland dudes have fought their way
up near the top just In time to meet their
rivals on this side of the bay in 'a strug
gle for the leadership. : ' .
Manager Harris has been sneering at
the Oaklands of late and advising Cal
Ewing to go and hire a few -men who
could play ball, but when the dudes tool
three straight games from Watsonville
by some exceptionally line, ball playing
and settled down in second place the San
Francisco magnate began to take a seri
ous view of the situation. If he succeeds
in holding the lead after the coming en
gagement with the Oaklands he may con
sider himself very fortunate. The Oak
land team is now as good a fielding club
as there Is in the league, and it remains
to be seen whether the dudes can wield
the stick with sufficient effectiveness to
overcome the winning ways of the men
in black and gold.
The cranks on both sides of the bay
are looking forward to the coming con
tests with more than usual Interest, and
there will probably be more flamboyant
rooting at Recreation Park this week
than • has developed since the opening of
the season.
The line-up for to-morrow's game is as
follows: .-'*'v>-
San Francisco. ' Position. Oakland.
Swindells «. .Catcher - .'.Hammond
1berg ....... '.". Pitcher .1...;....... ..Ru55e1l
Sullivan.. First ba5e. ....... ...'.J0hn50n
O'Neill Second ba5e ....... . r. Peeples
Ri1ey................ Third base ............. Lange
Knit. . .'. Shortstop Schmeer
Muller Left field.. Shea
Pyne. ............... Center field Donovan
H11debrand......... Right fie1d... ....... liardiu
Hales.
AY _.
i JL Bring back a >
< ff wrong thing. .
r /tt wrong thing. >
j .y/ ;/■'■• \ . Bring back anything you think is wrong. The worst harm you /
(T I I V can do us is to keep an unsatisfactory article. You judge a store by \
V / J \\ what you get from it. You buy one of a thousand articles. It may £
r I ____.- be the only one the inspectors failed to cull out of the whole lot.
j l-«^l^_-J ' Bring it back. Every sales slip is as much of a personal guarantee [>[
f as though we signed it. Vy
S New Dress Making Parlors nT -ready- Fane)? dresses' >
Y^ walking costumes, suits. ._^
jackets, si k waists, etc., made 'o order. Competent dressmakers engaged. Under C^
f the management of the Cloak and Suit Department.
f " the management of the Cloak and Suit Department.
_/ r_i _ _^- l_ _-_ _^ -. Unusual Saturday sell- -o____- _r-l _-_. _- Fashion rules like }
f Kiooons ing . Suit dept. . c™ in this <>
/ HALES BRAND RIBBON— silk, satin and _ros grain; department.- >
an extra heavy ribbon, made especially for Hale's; a ribbon -.. •':-.' -.
/ tON.UI2d a "conic baCl...trvlaCrd~ 40r- niece TAILOR-MADE SUITS-Navy blue cheviot, a swell little out- (*
V -•'■ x... n':::::::::::::"" «c yard """!'"." sHc'Sece «■« with a fly-front Jacket, silk lined through- Qinfl-l \iJ
? So. t............. 81 ._- yard!!!!.!!.! HOc piece out skirt wen nned with percaime. prettily oiu.uu jt.
y- so. 7 I«>c yard .IKS- piece. bound with brain. 'At Hale's m Each j|
No. 9 !!.'!l__ l-_!«» yard .«1.Z5 piece. . . t
J S°* \2--: ?,_c yard S..*'.!! p'ece- TAILOR-MADE JACKETS— 2.I In 2 kinds to close; some fly _>
aS «_• " Sl>c yar„ _*.*iL> p!ece- front and others 6-button dip front, thor- <_1/~l *7TZ. W
X So' r, "l.„ >'a™j"--*. _r,*-.'r' P;e<*p-- ouKhly lined with fine taffeta silk; were 135, tPIUi.O V.
_ NO' 4° (All the 'lading colors.)""*"'s fe *16 50 and »17 &0* The ClosinS prlCe Each ?
X. 1000 YARDS OF VEILING— and plain Tuxedo, Rus- '.* 1
Elan, French and Brussels net; also white and cream wash- SEPARATE SKIRTS— The popular herringbone 4_P_ AA V
1 veils. Your choice from the tables to-day at cheviot; full circular style, with buttoned back; tj>_>_vl \J
£ _l_c *V_.r_i. well tailored and a perfect fit; hangs beautifully Each €.
\ CONCERT TO-DAY BY FERDINAND STARK'S ORCHESTRA. f
/ _=»__OC3-______:_l__ : V
1. March, "The Hoodlums" — Fleinin(?er 6. Selection, "La Fllle de Madame An- | 9. Waltz. "Dream on the Ocean"... Gunpl _^
1. '.-. Overture, "A Queen for a Day".. Adam got" Lecocq 10. Selection, "Wagner vs. Verdi". .Puerner tf
_# 3. "Hearts and Flowers" Tobanl 7. March, "Escort" Brooks 11. Medley on Popular Airs De Witt V
ttr 4 Waltz, "Ideal Echoes" Herman 8. Overture, "Freischutz" Weber 12. Finale. : - „X
X 5. Quartet from "Rigoletto" Verdi
_/ ,—. ,=7 «w Catalogue free to out-of-town
_/  ,—r i=r j*mr " Catalogue free to ■ out-of-town \k\
r Meet your friends in Hale's new raw^^fW^_^ /M rta^__» folks. _|
J par°rS^n tun m 1 \ c/ San Francisco's Greatest Mail- C
\ 93 7=94/ Market bt. M^^ooooon^^ order Douse y
jL.^ S?\ _y\X\__^_/\^»*_/\_^_/N_A</\^N/\#>*'_/,\_^%_^^ irl^ _/>_/%. ___A
BALDWIN ANNEX CAFE.
A New Restaurant and Billiard Hall
Opens Its Doors to the Public
;C: i To-Day.
For many weeks the Baldwin Annex,
.24-926-928 Market street and 25 Ellis street,
has been undergoing repairs in prepara
tion for the establishment of a cafe and
billiard hall that is second to. none in size
and elegance west of the Rocky Moun
tains. Its proprietors— Mr. G. Schmitt,
formerly proprietor of the "Fountain,"
for many years at the corner of Kearny
and Sutter streets, and Mr. J. XV. Orn
dorff. who was the first proprietor of the
Baldwin Hotel bar and billiard room
are favorably, known, not alone in this
city but throughout the coast, and are
thoroughly experienced caterers.
Under the personal direction of . Mr.
Schmitt, whose ideas have been closely
followed, the well-known firm of Haven
& Hopkins, architects, have produced an
effect in design and decoration that could
with difficulty be surpassed.
The main entrance on Market street,
twenty-one feet wide, is both imposing
and rich being finished in mahogany and
art glass. In, the Market-street front is
the billiard and bar room, to the purposes
of which tne large area is equally divided;
with Walnut-framed French plate mirrors
upon the one side and the handsome glass
finished bar extending the length of the
room on the other.
All kinds of refreshments will be served
and the cafe will be in charge of Mr.
Etonev ' Eragorri, the well-known chef.
Mr. John Fey, long associated with Mr.
Schmitt at the "Fountain," will be cash
ier. A mercantile lunch will be servea
from 11 a. m. to 2 p. m. Only the purest
wines and liquors will be kept in stock.
Imported Pilsener, Culmhacher, Eastern
and the popular brands of domestic beers
will be kept on draught.
One of th.- leading features of the Bald
win Annex Cafe is its billiard-room,
containing ten new tables of the latest
design of the Brunswick-Balke Company.
Two of these are sxlo and are the only
tables of thel size on the coast.
The following well-known contractors
have furnished the fittings and supplies:
Thomas Day & Co., chandeliers; (-has.
Brown & Sons, hardware; Swift & Co.,
lumber; Leo Aron, painter and decorator;
.- Boiler, tables; W. & J. Sloan.-, carpets
and draperies; West Coast Furniture
Company, woodwork; Duffy Bros., plumb
ing- XV. W. Montague & Co., ranges, etc.;
California Art Glass Company, art glass;
Rosencranz Company, electrical fixtures
and supplies. [-.
A DISUNIONIZED UNION.
The Mission Milkers Carrying the
White War Into the Police
court.
There is war, a white war, among the
Swiss milkers out on the Mission road.
That little social dance that was given
at the Six-mile House on last Saturday
night and which ended so disastrously
to the few who tried to adjust matters
between the union milkers and the can
cleaners has not subsided. The fight that
was precipitated in the dance hall and
which terminated with the demolition of
the front of the saloon in which tin; social
festivities were held was only the com
mencement of the lacteal war.
Since that unfortunate night fights,
which are termed "scraps" by Sergeant
Griffiths of the Seventeenth street police
station, have been the order of the day
and the night for that matter. In order
to save the Coroner a trip over College
Hill Captain Gillln has stationed three of
his athletic men on duty at the Six-mile
House. However, even the. presence of
these short-rib punchers have not been
sufficient to' quell the extractors of lacteal
fluid and can cleaners. The war has now
settled down between Joseph Regli and
Martin Schorne. The former had the lat
ter arrested a few days ago for battering
him on the, head with an empty milk
can. I The cuts were drawn together by
the surgeon's needle at the City and
County Hospital. Schorne, not to be out
done In the dispensation of justice as ad
ministered in the Police Courts, swore out
a warrant for the. arrest of Regli on the
charge of having made a vow that he
would give the. undertaker a job as soon
as the opportunity presented itself.
With this warrant Officer J. Dennan in
vaded the sacred precincts of Fassler's
dairy and in the name of the people of
the great State of California yanked
Hie 11 to prison. Judge Graham, however,
fixed his bond at $500. Whether his Honor
only valued Schorne's life at "these fig
ures or not the bond is silent.
A ■ rehearsal of the "Disunionized
Union" will be had when the case is up
for hearing in the court. In the mean
time the milkers and the can cleaners
don't speak as they pass by.
Grand opening to-night of the Miramar
Cafe and Billiard Parlors, cor. Geary and
Leavenworth streets, under the manage
ment of E. Himmel and Frank J. Loskay,
as a first-class billiard parlor and club
room. Everybody welcome. ...*-.
Turn Verein Entertainment.
The subject. "Ancient and Modern Cre
mation of the Human Body" will be dis
cussed by eminent speakers, in both Ger
man and English, at. 323 Turk street
"Wednesday evening, May 24, at 8 o'clock.
The lecture will be given under the aus
pices of the San. Francisco Turn-Verein
and will be. largely attended. After the
discussion a social entertainment, consist
ing of music, chorus I singing, recitations,
etc., will take place. The committee hav
ing the entertainment in charge is com
posed :of W. Schroe_er, Captain Spiegel,
Louis Holenbach and . Charles Schoell
kOpf. - >t -\:YYi.
ko*lf' m __. • f___ '
• Circus and Alpine wrestling at Glen
Park Sunday, commencing 12 m. •
I Hales.
INVESTOGATION
OF FRAGLEY IS
INAUGURATED
Supervisors Examine
Witnesses.
The investigation into the alleged mis
conduct of Superintendent of Streets Mar
tin Fragley was inaugurated by the mem
bers of the Finance and Street Commit
tees of the Board of Supervisors yester
day afternoon. Nearly two hours were
devoted to the examination, and although
few questions were propounded to each
man called in, it is thought that the la
bors of the committees have only begun,
as there still remain 200 more witnesses
to examine.
Mr. Fragley, accompanied by his chief
deputy, A. J. Donovan, and his attorney,
John B. Gartland, entered the committee
room shortly after the session had begun.
Supervisor Perrault, chairman of the
committee, propounded but a half dozen
questions to each witness. They we're:
"Where do you work* "What is your
salary?" "How many days did you labor
last month?" "Where did you cash your
warrant?" and as they invariably an
swered "with a broker," they were asked
what commission they paid him. -i;
W. T. Sullivan, father of Mayor Phe
lan's secretary, testified that he was
earning $62 50 and had put that amount in
his pocket, excepting the amount he paid
a broker. Chairman Perrault decided -not
to ask the witness any more questions
out of respect to the co.onel. and the old
gentleman was allowed to deport.
As the trend of examination became ap
parent to Mr. Fragley and his attorney
they sat. back and took things easy. A
smile covered the Superintendent's coun
tenance and he was seemingly at peace
with the world. Martin Fragley Jr. was
called in to testify, but the cnairman al
lowed him to depart without interrogat
ing him. , . , ...
When J Kelly was examined he testi
fied thai he received $63 50, and as the
warrant called for $70 it looked as if some
wrongdoing was discovered. The witness
removed all suspicion by stating that it
must be another -Kelly, as - there were
two of the same name in the department.
Supervisor Attridge renewed his motion
to adjourn, but he was prevailed upon
to. withdraw it. A dozen more men were
examined, but all the inquisitors learned
was the name of the broker who charged
the least percentage. An adjournment
was taken until further notice from
Chairman Perrault. 'YY
It was learned after the meeting that
since the McGlade trial the Supervisors
have been desirous to discover whether
there are any "dummies" drawing pay
from the Street Department. The only
way to ascertain whether there are is to
subpena every man whose warrant is in
the hands of the board.
The Dog Fighters' Pull.
The cases against fifteen men accused
of preparing to engage in a dog fight in
of preparing to engage in a dog fight in
a pit in a saloon at the corner of Six
teenth and Church streets were called in
acting Police Judge Groezinger's court
yesterday and were stricken from the cal
endar, the Judge fining each $10, with no
alternative. . ,
Queer Cure for Vagrancy.
Ignacio Coronel was arrested Thursday
on the charge of vagrancy. He lives at
536 Vallejo street' and spent his time in
hanging around saloons on the Bnrbary
Coast. When the case was called In
Judge Graham's court yesterday his
mother and Librada Morales, a young
girl, appeared and pleaded for him. The
girl said they were engaged to be mar
ried, and as Coronel expressed his willing
ness to get married and lead a better life
the marriage license* was procured and
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan tied the
knot. Judge Graham then dismissed the
charge of vagrancy.
Circus and Alpine, wrestling at Glen
Park Sunday, commencing 12 m. *
Austrian Excursion.
The Austrian Military and Benevolent
Association has completed all . the ar-
Association has completed all the ar
rangements for the annual excursion to
rangements for the annual excursion to
be held at Glenwood Park. Santa Cruz
be held at Glenwood Park, Santa Cruz
Mountains, to-morrow. The association
in full uniform under the: command or
Captain M. Sabadin, with other excur
sionists, will take the 9:15 boat at the nar
row gauge depot, foot of Market street.
The Austrian Military Band is engaged
for the occasion. ■ -
for the occasion.
Circus and Alpine wrestling at Glen
Park Sunday, commencing 1- m.
A Memorial Service.
Last Thursday night Buena Vista Par
lor Native Daughters of the Golden "West,
lor Native Daughters of the Golden West,
held a memorial service for the dead of
held a memorial service for the dead of
the parlor. Every station an the hall in
the parlor. Every station in the hall in
the: Native Sons' building was covered
the Native Sons' building was covered
with flowers and terns, and the altar was
with (lowers and urns, and the altar was
draped with a crape-covered American
draped with a crape-covered American
flae In token of respect to the memories
flae in token of respect to the memories
of the seven members summoned to the
home of eternal peace. The charter was
I Hales. \
also appropriately draped. The exercises
opened with the playing of a funeral
march by Miss Mencke. Then followed
the singing of an ode by the members of
the parlor and the offering of a prayer
by Mrs. Frederick Wene, the president
of tho parlor. There was the reading of
a paper by Mrs. Julia Neubarth, the sing
ing cf "The Holy City" by Miss Etta
O Brien, the delivery of a eulogy on the
departed sisters by Mrs. E. Scheelino and
the closing prayer by Miss Annie Worthy
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and,
medicinal use because It is pure.
Handball Entries for Sunday
The entries for Sunday's handball games
at Phil Ryan's court. 858 Howard street,
have been announced. In addition to the
schedule of regular entries a match for
Phil Ryan's trophy will be contested for
by E. Foy and M. McClure against M.
Maguire and E. Curley with the best three
out of five games.
The entries for the day are:
E. Barry and J. Kirby vs. T. Foley and R.
Honsman. ■__.' .
D. J. Sheehan and J. R. Bockman vs. K. Mc-
Donough and E. Lynch. .
P. Ryan and (J. Hutchinson vs. J. Dowling
and J. Lawless.
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil vs. G. McDonald
and M. McDonald.
J. "White and M. Dillon vs. J. Riordan and
E. Maloney.
.1. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. M. J. Kil
gallon and R. Linehan., the event of the day,
a trophy given by Mr. Ryan.
E. Toy, the clever lightweight boxer of the
San Francisco Club, and M. McCltlre, welter
weight of the same club, vs. M. Maguire and E.
Curley, three games in five to win.
Floral ' and plain crepe tissue paper,
flowers and lamp shades cheap at San
born & Vail 'a . . •
The Blackmailing Soldier.
The case of Guy C. Weid, the dis
charged soldier who was arrested for
stealing papers from Major Matthews at
the Presidio with the object of black
mailing him. was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday, but was continued till
May 24, owing to the illness of the prin
cipal witness. Sergeant Baldwin, who ar
rested Weid. states that he also attempt
ed to blackmail A. R. Exley, an insurance
man of Oakland.
Circus and Alpine wrestling at Glen
Park Sunday, commencing 12 m. •
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
I_r mm km%
**_ifiol
iNCOftsoRAT.o mmmW IB W mumv
_FO#_ TO-DAY ONLY!
-PO/? TO-DAY ONLY!
Take Advantage and Come Early.
Royal Baking Powder, i-ib. can....40e
Regular 45c.
Tomatoes, solid packed, the best 5c
Tomatoes, solid packed, thg best 5c
Fontana _ Co. Regular 10c.
Petaluma Ranch Eggs ...17^c
Petaluma Ranch Eggs 17!_e
Fresh guaranteed. Regular 20c.
California Cheese 10c
#Full Cream. Regular 20c.
ExtPa Creamery Butter 27Ke
Extra Creamery Butter 27'_ c
Busy packing orders for winter.
Prices will advance. Regural 35c squares.
Cox's Gelatine, large size, pkg .10c
Cox's Gelatine, large size, pkg 10c
Take advantage of this sale.
 Regular 20c.
TOURIST AND PICNIC LUNCHEONS AT —
LOWEST CUT PRICES.
Free deliveries to the country . within 100 miles.
Free deliveries to the country within 100 miles.
Canadian Malt Extract.. .20c
Canadian Malt Extract 20c
The best nerve tonic in the world.
Sole Agents. $2 25 dozen. .
1348=1354 MARKET STREET.
1348=1354 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Seventh Street.
Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
' w ■ t j-
S $40. |
ii^Ml_teill
BICYCLES 1
*ip BICYCLES
THOS! H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th, S.F. 1
M THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th. S.F.I
Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. Wi
I Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings. 1
_-__-B_-_-_____-I^__ifi
/ttT^K LADIES M-TODKH-t
(fJvT>v LADIES DOYOOKROf
t-S^f DR FELiX LE BRUN'S I
■■^w-; Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment^
*y£" *} Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment^
'■ v -J •".' J i 8 tne original and only FRENCH, *
3 is the original and only FRENCH,
M . __ Ba'e an<^ reliable cure on the __.
_^ ■>__c.. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
f- -. ' \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. ', MENDER & CO., , Sole Agent*.
; 214 Kearny st., San Francisco. • Vf- -T*.