VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 174.
CLOUD OF
UNCERTAINTY
IS REMOVED
Brooke and Gomez Having
Agreed Cuban Soldiers
Are to Be Paid.
MUST GIVE OP AIOIS
* American Commissioners to Proceed
With the Distribution of Money
to Former Rebels.
Special Dispatch to TTi» Call and th* New York : <
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor- '*
don Bennett. +
HAVANA, May 22.— The cloud ; I
of uncertainty that has been ♦
hanging over Cuban affairs was <f
dissipated to-day as the result of a ♦
long conference between Generals •■?>
Brooke and Gomez, and there is no ♦
reason why the 53.000.000 fund T
should not be distributed and the
arms surrendered unless unexpected 1
opposition develops aniong officers ±
and soldiers.
General Brooke will issue his order J
to-morrow. It distinctly states that an J
agreement has been reached between X
Generals Brooke and Gomez and the
money will be destributed by the Amer- I *
ican Commissioners previously desig- *f
nated— Rafferty, Randall and Bisbee. *
The arms are to be turned over to the ;
civil Governors of provinces wherein t
the soldiers reside or to Mayors. The &
only change from the agreement of a ♦
week ago is a clause stating that at 4
such future time as may be designated ♦
the arms are to be placed in the Cuban j J»
arsenals at Havana and Santiago. i
Undoubtedly an understanding has
been reached between Brooke and %
Gomez that Gomez will be responsible
for the arms surrendered.
leral Gomez states that everything
tory. He asked me to deny
the B made in the American
that President McKinley had
written to him refusing to consider his
sition for organizing the t'uban
army of occupation. He has not heard
from President McKinley on the mat
ter, but understands that he is con
sidering it.
It is generally thought here that the
distribution of money and collection of
a ms will now go on without a show of
resistance on the part of the soldiers.
The long delay and repeated hitches
have caused much bitterness among
the chiefs, and some will advise the
men to go home without the money and
with their arms, but it is thought the
number responding will be small. The
greatest cause of dissatisfaction among
the chiefs is that they receive no extra
money.
The American Commissioners began
the work to-day in instructing Gov
ernors and Mayors in the method of re
ceiving and storing arm?.
STRIKES ON A REEF
NEAR OYSTER BAY
Canadian Navigation Company's
Alaskan Steamship Danube
Goes Ashore.
»n.iuriiA, a. \j., may zz.— a<»ws was
received here this afternoon from Union,
the coaling- point for steamers in the
Alaskan trade, that the steamer Danube,
owned by the Canadian Pacific Naviga
tion Company of this city, is ashore ne*ar
Oyster Bay. The reef on which she came
to grief is about thirty miles north of
Union, and a boat's crew was dispatched
to Union for assistance. The steamer
Maude of the same fleet, which was at
Union loading coal for Victoria, left to
render what assistance she could. No
particulars were given and until the
Maude returns it will not be known how
the accident occurred.
Captain Meyers, master of the Danube,
is one of the oldest and most experienced
skippers in these waters, and as no bad
weather has been reported it is likely that
still another rock on the Alaska run has
beon located through a disaster. The
Danube is said to be hard and fast even
at flood tide, her bow being high in the
air at low water. If the Maude returns
and reports having been unable to pull
the Danube into deep water, the Tees,
which Is loading now to sail north, will
call at the spot, and both she and the
Maude will join in an effort to release the
Danube.
VALUABLE JEWELS
TAKEN FROM A SHRINE
Daring Robbery of a Most Famous
Place at El Cobre,
Cuba.
SANTIAGO DB CUBA, May 22.— The
ptnrtlinß discovery waa made yesterday
that the famous shrine of Nuestra Senora
Carida «t XI Cobre had been robbed of
jewels valued at $25,000 and that the head
of the statue had been broken off and
removed. The report mused «r<-at excite
ment in the town, wnere t h<- shrine had
lonp Lf-r-n the principal attraction. It is
Bupposefl to have bad miraculous heal
ing powers ami is visited annually by
, ; da i i" pilgrims from all parts of
from Mexico and even from En
who bave loaded the imagf with
■
Th" se< ret police are making efforts to j
iver tii- perpetrator of the outrage.
that an American will be
arrested to-morrow on the charge of be
ing the criminal, and the police hope to
- er the Jewels.
NO SETTLEMENT OF
THE SUGAR WAR
Some Refineries Closed Indefinitely j
Because There Are No Profits
at Present.
NEW YORK. May 22.— Concerning re
tbat the sugar trade war would be
boot nlcablj Bettled a member of the
firm ol B. B. Howell & Sons, who repre
. Mollenlmuer and National sugar
reflnei !< -s. said :
"There ie no truth whatever in the re
ported Fr-rtW-ment of the differences be
tween the various refineries. Some weeks
ago negotiations tr> that end were under
way, but Wf-rt- dropped because of the ut-
l lr r failure of the interested partis to
if imp to (prmF. The situation is without
change and it is doubtful whether there
will be anything like a settlement for a
long time to come. Our two refineries are
d indefinitely. It is absolutely lm
poKßible to refine and cell our productb at
a profit while the war lasts." i
The San Francisco Call.
SHIP ADDED
TO THE NAVY
Captured Spanish Cruiser
Reina Mercedes Reaches
Hampton Roads.
THE REINA MERCEDES.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., May 22.— The Spanish cruiser Reina Mercedes
arrived in Hampton Roads yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock in tow
of the Merritt Wrecking Company's tug I. J. Merrltt and the Rescue,
and accompanied by the steamer EL T. Morgan. She 1p now at
anchor nearly two miles off Old Point Comfort, where she will be held In
quarantine for five days. Large crowd? went to Old Point Comfort to see
the cruiser and hundreds went out to the vessels in launches. When she
is released from quarantine she will go to Portsmouth Navy Yard for re
pairs.
The Mercedes left Santiago a week ago Saturday. The voyage was
uneventful with the exception of the very quick time made. Her arrival
was heralded by the boom of ennnon m board th 6 monitor AmphUrite, the
training ships Essex and Alliance and the small cruiser Peoria, all nf which
are in the roads.
Aboard th^ Mercedes there are about twenty men of the Merritt wreck
ing crew, but Dr. Pettus would not allow any of these, nor, in fact, anybody
from <ither the tugs or the barge, to land, nor was she boarded by any
one save himself. The Mercedes will come up to the Norfolk Navy Yard
Friday. Arrangements have already been made there to give a rousing
maritime demonstration in her honor.
The Reina Mercedes bore no small part in bringing the strain upon the feel
ings of the people of the United States toward Spain by her insolent treatment of
the American steamer Valencia of the Ward line, in June, 1897.
The Valencia, with the other steamer? of that line, plied between New York,
Nassau, the ports on the south coast of Cuba and Panama. They were all well
known to the several Spanish war vessels that were watching that part of the
Cuban coast to prevent assistance reaching the Insurgents, and their going and
coming were regular almost to the hour of the day at any given place. On the
morning of June 3 the Valencia having made her call at the port of Guantnnamo,
was leaving the harbor and heading west for Santiago de Cuba, her next call,
when she was approached by the Spanish cruiser Reina Mercedes, one of the pa
trolling vessels on that beat, and signaled to show her colors. Not complying
* with this very unnecessary demand as promptly as seemed proper to the Spaniard,
he tired a blank shot across her bows, and followed almost immediately with a
round shot, which, thanks to the bad marksmanship which made itself so conspic
uous in nearly the same locality a year later, fell short, though dangerously near
the American steamer's quarter. The Stars and Stripes, which had already been
"bent on." were flung out and the steamer was allowed to proceed on her way.
This incident added greatly to the feeling of Indignation that had been aroused
some time before, when the Allianca. a sister ship of the Valencia and belonging
lv the same line, was fired upon three tirms off Cape Maisl, at the east end of
Cuba', by the Spanish gunboat Conde de Venadlto, which pursued her on the high
seas -for twenty-five miles, and had the American steamer not been the swifter
vessel she would probably have been sunk.
HOPKINS IS
AFTER THE
SPEAKERSHIP
Ppecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 22.— A Washington
\ special to the Herald says: Represen
; tative Hopkins of Illinois is one of the
i candidates for Speaker who believes
[ the contest will be settled long before
j next December. He is conducting a
campaign which he confidently believes
will result hi his own favor before
July 1.
Mr. Hopkins is not content with writ
ing letters to colleagues. He believes
personal interviews are more effective,
and it is his purpose to follow up com
munications with personal calls upon
j members at their homes. He has made
visits to Wisconsii. and Kansas, after
having made sure of the delegation
from his own State, and is now confi
dent that the delegations of these two
States can be placed to his credit.
Representative Hopkins is in Wash
ington just now to catch any stray
Representatives who may be here. He
had a long interview with the President
to-day and will leave soon for work in
other directions.
One of the main arguments Mr. Hop
kins uses in behalf of his candidacy is
that Illinois has become the pivotal
State in politics, and upon holding it
may depend the continuance of the Re
publican party in power.
"At this time," he says, "Illinois is a
I doubtful State. The great city of Chi
cago has a Democratic Mayor, and if
the election occurred at this time no
hod v can safely predict what the result
would be. Under these circumstances
Representatives must feel that they
should take Illinois into consideration
and do whatever they can to
strengthen the party there. The loss of
the State would be a very serious thing,
and any uncertainty there should be
guarded against as far as possible.
"If Illinois were given the Speaker
ship State pride would operate to make
the people stand by the party which
had honored the State, and would, I
believe, take Illinois out of the doubt-
Zui column."
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
THE GOVERNOR ATTENDS TO HIS OFFICIAL DUTIES.
FORTUNES
TAKEN OUT
BY MINERS
Lower California's Newly
Discovered Placer Field
Very Rich.
GROWTH OF THE BOOM
Workmen in the Peninsula Mines
Desert and Rush to Santa
Clara Diggings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, May 22.— Allan G. Fra
ser, a Los Angeles mining man, ar
rived here to-day from the newly dis
covered rlacer fields in the Santa Clara
district. 400 miles south of this city.
He confirmed the reports of the won
derful richness of the diggings and said
miners were flocking to the camp from
all directions. He saw nuggets taken
out worth $500. and nearly all the Mexi
cans possessed either dust or nuggets.
The placers are located about twenty
miles inland from San Pablo Bay, and
the ground thus far opened covers an
area of about twenty square miles. The
territory beyond has not been thor
oughly prospected. Mr. Fraser said:
"I have no desire to connect my name
with a fake story and thereby cause
many people to invest their all possibly
in an effort to reach a mythical field.
I found the placers quite as rich as had
been reported, and I can say that the
Santa Clara placers are in my estima
tion among the richest ever discovered.
There were about 300 Mexicans and In
dians working the placers when I left,
and they were taking out an average of
from $15 to $20 a day.
"Not far from the diggings I met a
party of Mexicans who exhibited con
siderable gold. They had about $25, '
worth and declared that there was
plenty more where that came from. The
nearest water is ten miles away, and It
is only by the crudest methods of dry
washing that the gold is obtained.
Only tho coarse gold is paved in this
Way- The Cammalli mines have been
deserted and hundreds have left the
Santa Rosa copper mines for th<' new
diggings. TKere is also intense excite
ment at Enscnada. When I was in
camp it was necessary to po to Mulege,
a distance of about lfO* milos, to file a
claim, but I heard that a representa
tive was on his way to establish an
office at the camp.
"The diggings are located on govern
ment land, and under the Mexican
laws a man may file on as many acres
as he wishes by paying $10 on each
pertonencia, which is three acres, and
paying taxes. This may prove a s. ri
ous drawback to the district, as ;i
company could come in and file on the
wholp district. The gold, however, is
there in enormous quantities, and may
be had without the privation and suf
ferings that must be contended with in
Alaska.
"The best way to reach the diggings
is from San Pablo Bay. There is a
fairly good trail from there to the
camp, and drinking water may be had
six miles from the coast. This is the
nearest water to the placers."
A letter has been received in this city
from D. Goldbaum of Ensenada con
firming the reports of the rich dis
coveries and the intense excitement
i that prevails on the peninsula. Mr.
FORM OF GOVERNMENT
OFFERED TO TAGALS
EVERY VOLUNTEER
TO LEAVE MANILA
BY LAST OF JULY
General Shafter Ordered to Get
Ready to Receive 4000 Men
at the Presidio.
WASHINGTON, May 22.— The War Department is
proceeding on the theory that by the end of July
not a volunteer soldier will be left in Manila and
General Otis' report to-day that the transport Warren has
arrived advances the time when the homeward movement
of the volunteer troops will begin. Already information has
been received that mail for the First California Regiment
and the Second Oregon Regiment should not be sent to
Manila, but to San Francisco.
In anticipation of the prompt return of the volunteer
troops in the Philippines the Secretary of War to-day tele
graphed instructions to General Shatter, commanding the
department at San Francisco, to establish a model camp at
the Presidio for the accommodation of 4000 volunteers from
Manila pending their muster out.
General Shafter is instructed particularly to make ample
provision for water supply and sanitary features, "to the end
that the camp may be comfortable and healthful." He is in
formed that bedracks are to be furnished and floors laid if he
thinks it advisable.
The returning troops will leave their tents at Manila,
but will bring their field ranges and cooking outfits. The
quartermaster's department has been ordered to supply the
necessary tents to the camp at the Presidio.
Goldbaum says the name of the camp
is Cerro Pinta, and not Santa Clara.
The glowing reports have caused con
siderable excitement in this city, and
a number of men are making prepa
rations to g<> to the new fields on the
Bteamer St. Denis to-morrow night and
tta« schooner Anita on Thursday.
MARK TWAIN'S BOOK
A GIFT TO POSTERITY
The Present Work Will Not Be Pub-
lished Until a Hundred Years
After His Death.
LONDON. May 23.— A dispatch to the
Times from Vfenna says that Samuel L.
Clemens (Mark Twain) has postponed his
departure from that city until May 26 In
consequence of a notification from the
Emperor, communicated through Embas
sador Harris, that his Majesty will re
ceive him in audience May 23. During his
stay in Vienna Mr. Clemens has become
a welcome and familiar figure in Austrian
society, while the American colony, head
ed by the official representatives of the
United States, has not lost the opportu
nity to do him honor. Mr. Clemens told
the correspondent his new book, in which
he tells of the remarkable people he has
met from childhood, will occupy a great
part of the remainder of his life. It Is
a bequest to posterity and will only be
published a hundred years after his death.
The portraits were drawn solely for his
own pleasure in the work of .telling the
whole truth without malice, but' with re
spect to persons, conventions or pruderies.
The men and women depicted will appear
"with all their warts." The book will not
be written in "Mark Twain's" familiar
style, which, the author anticipates, will
be" forgotten by the time the work is pub
lished!:
TEXAS IS
VISITED BY
A TORNADO
Ruin and Death in the Track
of a Most Destructive
Storm.
CHURCHES ARE DAZED
Lightning and Hail Accompany the
Wind, and a Large Strip of
Country Is Swept.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOUSTON, Texas, May 22.— One of
the worst tornadoes that has visited
Texas since the storm which destroyed
the town of Cisco three years ago, and
in which some fifty people were killed,
passed over the business portion of
Frath County yesterday.
The storm came from the northwest
and passed in a southeasterly direction
over a strip of country about 200 yards
wide. The tornado was accompanied
by vivid lightning and a heavy hail
storm. Several homes and church
buildings were wrecked in several lo
calities, the mcst serious damage being
at Mount Pleasant, Titus County. The
noon services of the Baptist church had
just closed and the people were leav
ing when the wind struck the building.
A bait of lightning and the wind de
scended upon the house simultaneously,
wrecking it and scattering the debris
in all directions.
William Kauffman was instantly
killed and some fifteen other persons
were more or less injured, some fatally.
Three are in a dying condition, accord
ing to reports. A woman with a babe
in her arms was struck by lightning,
but miraculously escaped death. A lit
tle girl was stripped of her clothing, but
only slightly hurt.
The tornado struck Stephenville and
did considerable damage, wrecking
many houses, but no one was killed.
The Cumberland Presbyterian Church
was unroofed and badly damaged.
Many buildings in Stephenville were
leveled, among them the Methodist
church.
One man was killed and three in
jured near Dublin. It is reported that
several wore killed seven miles north
east of Stephenville. Trees and crops
in the wake of the storm are reported
to be destroyed, but authentic details of
the disaster have not been received.
DETROIT DID NOT
SINK THE GUNBOAT
No Truth in the Reported Destruction
of a Nicaraguan War
Vessel.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA. Colombia, May 22.— Man
agua, correspondent of the Herald cables
that the "report that the United States
cruiser. Detroit had fired upon the Nica
raguan gunboat San Jacinto and sunk her
is untrue. Everything is quiet alone, the
Atlantic eoajst. of EjjcftrflgMa. '^•^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Cable to The Call and the X»w York
Heral.l. Copyrighted, IS'J9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA. May~ 23. — President
Schurman of the Philippine Commis
sion made this statement to me to-day
concerning the plan of government
offered to the Filipinos :
"Now that the American arms are
successfully bringing the war to a
close it is an opportune moment to
submit the scheme of government
which is authorized by the President,
who believes that conciliation is as
necessary as force.
"The present scheme should
satisfy the legitimate aspirations of
the Filipino people for participation
in their own government. It gives
insurgents a good opportunity to fay
down their arms.
"Under it they will possess more
reedom than under the Malolos gov
ernment, even though the latter de
lares them an independent and
sovereign state."
MANILA, May 22.— 1n spite of the
presence of the Filipino com
missioners in Manila, the mili
tary operations continue with
unabated vigor. The visitors
were apparently ignorant of the true
condition of affairs here. Upon
their arrival they were immediately
inundated with invitations covering
both day and night, and express sur
prise at the condition of affairs within
our lines. They had been led to believe
that everything was chaotic and are de
lighted at the reception accorded them.
Reports received from persons who
have arrived from the interior show
that no troops are left in the northern
provinces. They were all drafted south,
after the outbreak of the war. The
villages on the west coast are almost
deserted, and the Uocanos especially
are desirous of joining the Americans,
if only for the purpose of crushing trie
Tagals. Many natives of Benguot and
Iloeos said that if the Americans had
not arrived civil war would necessariry
have ensued, owing to the friction be
tween the Tagals and the inhabitants
of other provinces. It is added that
the only Filipino troops left now are
7000 men under General Luna at the
Tarlac. and about 4000 under General
Pio del Pilar. These are short of arms
and suppUes. Many of their rifles are
disabled, and the Filipinos are unable
to repair them, owing to the lack of
mechanics and materials for so doing.
A coasting steamer which has ar
rived here reports that the Spanish
garrison at Zamboanga, Island of
Minandao, is held by the rebels in
much the same manner as the Ameri
cans held them while they were in the
vicinity of Manila. Every night the
Spaniards are subjected to an ineffec
tual fusillade, and if they are not soion
relieved they will be reduced to the
condition of the Spanish garrison at
Iloilo just previous to its evacuation of
that place.
Professor Schurman, head of the
United States. Philippine Commission,
has submitted the following written
propositions to the Filipinos:
While the final decision as to the form
of government for the Philippines is in
the hands of Congress the President, un
der his military powers, pending the ac
tinn of Congress stands ready to offer the
following:
A Governor General to be appointed by
the President; a Cabinet to be appointed
by the Governor General; all the Judges
to be appointed by the -President; the
heads of departments and Judges to in?
either Americans or Filipinos, or both;
and a general Advisory Council, its mem
bers to be chosen by the people by a form
of suffrage to be hereafter carefully de
termined upon.
The President earnestly desires that
blofwished cease and that the people of
the Philippines at an early date enjoy the
Largesi measure pi self-government com
patible with peace and order.
The United States Commission pre
pared the scheme and the President
cabled his approval of the form of the
document. The Filipinos have made
no definite proposition except for a ces
sation of hostilities until they can pre
sent the question of peace to the people.
Professor Schurman told the Filipinos
they had no means of gathering the
people together, as the Americans con
trol most of the ports. He also re
minded them that a liberal form of
government was offered them, and
pointed out that it was better than the
conditions existing under Spanish
rule.
Gozaga, President of the Filipino
commission, replied that nothing
could be worse than Spanish rule, and
admitted that the form of government
proposed was liberal.
The civilian members of the Filipino
commission have declined to co-operate
with the other members, as the former
consider Aguinaldo's latest demand to
be preposterous, after General Otis'
refusal of an armistice when the dic
tator asked for time in order to con
sult the Filipino Congress.
After a conference to-morrow with
the United States Commissioners, the
Filipino commissioners will lunch with
Professor Schurman, and will after
ward visit the vessels composing the
American fleet.
FILIPINOS MUST SOON
ACCEPT OUR TERMS
WASHINGTON, May 22.— The War
Department has received the following
cablegram from General Otis:
MANILA, May 22.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Condition as follows:' In
Bulucan province troops maintained at
Quinga, Baliumg, San Miguel; Lawton
proceeding down Rio Grande from San
Isldro; has driven enemy westward from
San Antonio. Carimo and Arayat, where
he was joined yesterday by Kobbe's col
umn; will reach Santa Ana and Cantaba
to-day. General Mai-Arthur still at San
Fernando, and will occupy cities : south
and westward; insurgent forces disinte
grating daily. Luna's forces at Taltac
much, diminished; has_fleas£gjre<i several2
CREATES A SCENE
AT WHITE HOUSE
Mrs. SyKes of Pasadena Acts
Queerly in Deri)ar)diog to See
the President
\ WASHINGTON. May 22.— A queer-looking little woman giving her
| name as Mrs. Sarah Sykee, and claiming to be from Pasadena, Cal.,
i.c ai the White House to-day. Her trouble was not de
: tected until she had reached the President's door. She told Captain
Loeffler thai she wanted to see the President at once. The President
Borne visitors with him and Captain Loeffler said he could not give
her admissi.-n. Mrs. Sykes then said that she had a ticket for Europe
In her pocket and would not wait another minute.
"I want peace," she loudly exclaimed, as she started back down the
b. "1 am going tn have it, too, or plunge the whole world in war.
what I'm after." All the way to h<r carriage she talked loud
ly and incoherently, but was not Interferred with. She wore a drab rub
ber coat over her dress and had on a light veil. She would have been
arrested if she had not quickly gone to her carriage, as it was apparent
I that she was unbalanced.
- railway in his front: number "1 01-
Luna; tew
i foi proti ■ tion. iv.
Para] d 1 iulucan . h ibitants re
to homes only feai Insu
ps; butitii of Manila insurgent disin
tegra Ss force
...us lmpTO\ ing
in Negros to-nn rrow Lo tement
in southern portion d and west
lave d< nied n qu< si of
Agui i : : .- for armistii c.
OTIS.
While it is not so affirme i at the de
partment, ih" present mi
■tally believed to mark the ■
the active campaign before the wet
weather sets In. Mac Arthur is at San
Fernando, south of Arayat, where
Kobbe and Lawton are now joined.
This is the point that has previously
. spoken ol as a possible summer
for tht* American northern out
:': om Bacolor, on the railroad,
there is a highway running noun, as
through San Fernando, Mexico, Santa
: and "ii to Arayat. on the river,
itch saj s that the American
army will occupy the cities s..;ith and
There is no pr< >=*■ 1 1 1 talk of an
other northern movement. This would
■ a triangle between the railroad
. the river that could be easily held
by the Unit ■
luring the wet season,
though the insurgents were In much
great er 1 ■ • . ... i i ported
and though they were Inclined to b<
ssive, which the reports indicate
Lawton's turning in his march to the
north and proceeding down the Ri
Grande Is the natural result of h -
sire to get behind the Insurgents at San
i crush them at a blow, at -
cording t" programme.
In I north Lawton tra\ -
■ as! .: the Rio Grande
parallel to it. His march was
through a rough and little tra
country toward the fool of the moun
tain ranges. It was a hard journey and
the insurgents slipped away before they
could be I . n between Lawton
Kobbe and Mac-Arthur's armies.
The reported dissoluti< n of the insur
forces, which are said to be in bad
condition at Tarlae, and the statement
in General <vis' dispatch that he had
c i--'iU' i st for an
armistice, are taken to indicate that
there is some likelihood that the com
mission's i ffer of a form of govern
may be speedily accepted. That is a
matter, however, on which there is no
official information to speculate.
No particular Importance is attached
to the statement that the Filipinos are
threatening trouble In the s<>uth. The
American line in this direction is under
rnand of General Ovenshine and
stretches across a narrow neck of land
■ ■ I'-A miles south of Manila between
the seacoast and Lacuna de Bai. It
is a position which the Filipinos could
not force under any conceivable* con
dition, while the tin clad fleet of the
iagoon and the warships off the coast
would be able to make the narrow
stretch of country between them a
very unhealthy resort tor any large
i if insurgents.
The written proposition submitted to
th.-- Filipinos to-day at Manila by the
American commission was framed in
Washington by Secretary Hay. The
only error i.n the printed copy of its
tits is th" of the qualifi
cation "principle" in the statement of
the judges to be appointed by the
President. It is the intention to give
the Filipinos, just as the President has
promised, as large a measure of self
government as they seem aM" t" ex
se with safety to themselves and
due regard to the welfare of other na
tions. Therefore, it is proposed to al
low them to choose their own inferior
judicial officials to begin with and per
haps the principle may be extended if
it works well in the lower grades.
President Schurman did not report to
Secretary Hay, hence it is assumed
that the conference up to this point has
not yet been productive of results as
to warrant a statement.
-•-
DEWEY TO BE DULY
HONORED AT HONGKONG
NEW YORK. May 22.— A cable to the
Journal from Hongkong say.^: Admiral
Dewey will arrive here to-morrow on his
way to the I'nited States. He will remain
here for two weeks, during which time
he will be the guest of United States Con
sul General Wiluman.
The British Colonial government has al
ready fur progressed In its preparations
to receive the admiral with ceremony fit
ting his distinction. It has also arranged
to give Admiral Dewey the most watchful
polioo protection from the rabid Filipino
junta during his stay here.
RAILWAY MAIL SERVICE
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. May 22.— Director of
Posts Vaille at , Manila has notified the
Fostoffice Department that he has estab
lished the railway post service between
Manila and Malofos. the former Filipino '
capital Thi^ is the initial move in the I
direction of building up a railway mail
service in the Philippines.
TROUBLE IN THE SANTA
CLARA HIGH SCHOOL
SAN* JOSE, May 22.— Trouble is brewing \
In the Santa Clara High School between :
the pupils who seceded from the San Jose
High School when Professor L. R. Smith j
was dismissed and the local pupils. So j
wide is the breach that David Henderson,
president of the Santa Clara Board of
Education, has resigned his office rather!
than fill the trying place of arbitrator.
The selection ol the place where the;
graduating exercises of the High School!
societies are to be h«sld has i
aroused the ill feeling. The San j
Jose pupils outnumber the Santa Clara
ites and they boldly decided to have the j
exercises held at the Victory Theater In
this city. They wanted to bring the I
school graduation exercises here, but the I
trust-, s stepped in and chose the Uni
versity of the Pacific as the place. This i
is located halfway between the two towns '
and the Santa Clara pupils think the San '
JOM students want too much. The trou- j
ble may be as serious as the strike in the
local high school last year.
CHARGES ARE BASELESS.
PARIS, May 23.— The Figaro this morn- |
ing continues its review of the evidence
In the Dreyfus case, particularly that part I
affecting Colonel Plcouart'a story, which
demonstrates that the petit bleu originally i
reached Colonel Henry's hands piecemeal
by the usual methods. The fragments i
were mixed up with pieces of other seized
locuments, all of which Henry gave to
Lauth to reconstitute. The latter con-
Selved no suspicions against Picquart
A'hile he was thus occupied, but waited
:o formulate charges against him until
iihn of 1896, precisely when Hen
■y's campaign in defense of Esterh&zy
'. came hostile to Picquart. Even then
Lauth only suggested falsification. The
ictual fabrication of the petit bleu was
mly suggested after Esterhaiy's acquit-
The Figaro proceeds to discuss the
brought against Picquart, ably
■eplying to each, and effectively proving
he charges baseless and the accused i.n
locent
- ••
FAILURE OF THE STEEL
AND IRON COMBINATION
Abandonment by the Carnegie Com
pany of Its New Jersey
Charter.
NEW YORK. May 22.— Leading men In
the steel and iron trade said to-day that
the Incorporation of the new Can
;nm and sue! combination under the laws
■f Pennsylvania means the failure of the
mplated big Iron and steel trust
wrhi h was to include the Federal Steel
Company, with a Joint capital of nearly
H. 000,000.000. This ..pinion was considered
rroborated by the abandonment of
the i ■ - ompany, h- aaed by Mr.
prick, of its New Jersey charter, recent
ly tiled, and the fact that many of the
sub-companies bf the proposed consoli
lated company filed notice at Albany to
i their intention to do business in
State. The fees, etc.. incidental to
the taking out of a charter in Pennsyl
which were to have been paid by
! ' rick s company, amounted to nearly
TRAIN GOES THROUGH
A DOCK AT ASTORIA
Engine Is Submerged in Eight Feet
of Water, but Not a Life
Is 1 Lost.
ASTORIA, Or., May 22.-The train of
the Ilwaco Railroad and Navigation Com
pany broke through the company's dock [
at Ilwaco this afternoon while backing
up to the warehouse with freight and '
passenger cars for the steamer Ilwaco
me train had reached a point about half
way from the shore end of the dock when
the underpinning broke and the engine fell
through and was completely submerged]
in eight feet of water. The combination!
passenger car, containing ten passengers I
•went through the trestie with the engine !
and was prevented falling into the water I
only by the protrusion of a pile through I
the 1 door, which held it suspended wllti !
one end close to the water.
Five passengers, with the engineer and I
fireman, were thrown into the water, but !
all were rescued with but slight bruises. j
, _■
GET-AWAY DAY AT
NEWPORT TRACK
CINCINNATI, May 22.-This was get-!
away day at the Queen City Jockey
Club's track at Newport and the largest
crowd of the season turned out to wit- i
ness the sport. Maggie Davis, at 50 to 1
1, came home on the bit in the opening
event. Most of the stables will go from
Newport to Latonia, which opens to
morrow. Results:
Six furlongs— Maggie Davis won, Frlesland
second. John lioone third. Tim,', 1:15%.
Five furlongs— Dr. Am burg won, J. Lucille
second. O'Connor third. Time, 1:03 1-3.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth— Carl C won,
Kriss Kringle second, Dudley F third. Time,
1:47%.
Mile, ling— Violet Parsons won, Loyalty
second. Pan Charm third. Time, 1:42
Seven furlongs, celling— Mizzoura won. The
Sluggard second. Myosotls third. Time, 1:29»4.
Selling, mile and a quarter — Abergate won,
Vanessa second, Provolo third. Time, 2:09%.
ST. LOUIS. May 22.— Although the track was
heavy, the races at the fair grounds to-day
were well contested and the mudlarks made
good time In the bad going. Results:
Selling, seven furlongs— Truxillo won, Czaro
witz second. Lord Neville third. Time, 1:35.
Belling, ..one mile— George Lee won, Monte
donico second, Osrlc II third. Time, 1:51
Handicap, six furlongs— Fireside won. Be
True second. Eight Bells third. Time, 1:21.
Selling, mile and twenty yards— Don Orslno
won. Moroni second. Lee Bruno third.* Time
l:60«i. . '
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Boundlee won,
Greenock second. Sorrel Hose third. Time
l:o6ii. : \ - • '.
Selling, seven furlongs— Branch won, Simon
D second, Rebel Jack third. Time, 1:35%.
TORONTO, Ont., May 22.— There was no big
event on the card to-day, but all the races were
well filled. The last race was divided. Re
sults:
Purse, five and a half furlongs— Harvey won,
Rey Salazar second, Benlno third. Time
1:05%. . ," -\,: ■.-•■• ■-.!
Mayflower plate,- four and a half furlongs-
Ida Fordham won, Owensboro second, Alpaca
third. Time, :68.
Stanley Produce stakes, mile and a quarter —
Teddy Ladle won. Terralta. second. Curfew
Bell third. Time, 2:15%.
Minto handicap, one and a sixteenth miles-
Satirist won. Duke of Mlddleburg second, Mar
itana II third. Time, 1:51. •
Hunters' flat race, mile and a quarter — Ro
mancer won, Dutch Henry second, Dalliance I
third. Time, 2:22.
Humber purse, one mile— Disdain won, i
Abingdon second. Nearest third. Time, 1:46.
Selling, one mile— Guilder won, Nicholas sec
ond, OlHe.Dixon third. Time, 1:46.
CHICAGO, May Weather clear; track
good. Results:
Four furlongs— Mitten won. Chump second,
Laura G C third. Time, 55%. •
Six furlongs— Rosa Clay won, Chlzet second,
Blom third. Time, 1:17%.
Five furlongs— Free Hand won, Goba second
J J T third. Time. 1:03.
One Robert Bonner won, Fred Barr
second, liosavannah third. Time, 1:44%.
Five fi*longs— Rival Dare won. Hop Scotch
second, Pay the Fiddler third. Time, 1:17.
Five furlongs— Cherrybounoe won, Mural sec- ]
ond. Weird third. Time. 1:03%. '
Harlem to Open on Time.
CHICAGO, May 22.-Offioials of the Har- |
lcm racetrack announced that the Harlem
meeting will begin on May 30, as sched
uled, in spite of the fire which consumed
the buildings to-day. Work will commence
to-morrow on temporary buildings, and a ;
brick and stone grandstand will be built
within two months.
The officials of the Harlem track say
there is no doubt the barns were fired by !
incendiaries. I
Bate War in Prospect.
CHICAGO. May 28.— Owing to the fight |
In progress among the transcontinental ]
roads over passenger rates for the Na- i
tional Educational Association's conven
tion in I.os Angeles, it is said the rates to
Colorado points will be cut in two and!
that the affair will probably bring about ;
an extensive Western rate war.
-m
Slosson Tak«s a Game.
NEW YORK, May 22.— Slosson won the
second game to-night in his match
against Sehaeffer, after an exciting finish,
the score being 400 to 359. It was at cush
ion caroms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 2.3, 1899.
SHAMROCK'S CREW
HAS BEEN CHOSEN
Men Who Will Sail the
Challenger.
HOGARTH TO BE IN CHARGE
WILL BE ASSISTED BY CAPTAIN
WRINGE.
Roster of the Yacht Shows Twenty-
Nine English and Twenty-One
Scotch Sailors, and Not an
Irishman Aboard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The Boston '
; Herald \s received this cable dispatch
: from Glasgow: The skippers, under
| officers and crew have been definitely.
; selected for the Shamrock, and all told
j they will make fifty-two men. Archie
I Hogarth will be in charge, with Cap- j
■ tain Wringe as assistant sailing mas- '
i ter. Rowe, who was first mate of the j
Britannica, will be chief officer, and |
Stewart, who was mate on the Astrild, ■■
will be second officer, with Messrs.
Croker and Livingston, third and :
i fourth officers, respectively. The other
i appointments are: One boatswain, two ;
boatswains' matesr two carpenters, two l
sailmakers, nine leading hands, in
cluding masthead and bowsprit end |
| men, twenty-six ordinary seamen, two
stewards and two cooks;
Sizing up the men shows a Scotch ',
and English Bkipper, twenty-nine '
l English sailors and twenty-one Scotch.
I The Belectionß were made from the best
men available, so, except the name,
which will be painted on the Btern. !
' there will be nothing Irish and not an ]
Irishman on board of her.
BROOKLYN NOW LEADS
IN NATIONAL LEAGUE
Superbas Win From Louisville, While
Tebeau's Men Are Beaten by
Boston.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...22 9 .710 Baltimore ...r> 15 .500
St. Louis 21 9 .700 Pittsburg ...11 17 .393 I
Chicago 20 10 .606 New York. IS .367
Boston IS 11 .617 Louisville ...10 IS .357
Cincinnati ..16 11 .593 Washington.. S 22 .£67
Philadelphia. 17 12 .5S6| Cleveland ... 5 21 .102
ST. LOUIS, May 22.— Boston won an easy
victory from St. Louis to-day. The Beaneaters
hammered Jones all over the lot in the third
inning, scoring seven runs. Bates relieved
Jones in the fourth and held the visitors down
to three hits during the remainder of the game.
Hickmnn started to pitch tor Boston, but he
was very wild and Nichols was substituted for
him in the third. Nichols was invincible. At
tendance, 2SOO. Score:
Clubs— R. II- E.
St Louis 4 4 (i :
Boston 10 12 1
Batteries— Jones and Crlger; Hickman, Nich
ols and Clarke. Umpires— O' Day and McUarr.
PITTSBV'RG. May 22.— Hard hitting and ex
cellent, work In the neld won the game for
Vittsburg to-day. The locals' fourteen hits j
netted twenty-six bases, while the visitors got
only sixteen bases on theirs. Williams' batting
was the leature. Attendance, IsOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 8 14 *>
Baltimore 4 U 4
Batteries— and Schriver; McKenna
and Chrisham. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE. May 22.— A change in the
Colonels" infield caused some. Improvement in
the playing, but not enough to win. Five hits
and an error gave the Superbas the victory in
the eighth inning. Attendance, 500. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Louisville 2 . 8 .3
Brooklyn • 5 9 2
Batteries— Cunningham and Kittredge; Dunn
and Farrell. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
CINCINNATI, May 22.— Breltensteln kept the
hits well scattered to-day and won his first
game of the season. , The Giants should nayy 1
won in the ninth, when they made a single and
two doubles, but Gl«uson's coaching prevented
more than the tleing run to score. Attendance,
16C0. Score :
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati 5 7 0
New York 4 12 2
Batteries— Breitensteln and Peitz; CarrtcK
and Grady. Swartwood and Warner.
CHICAGO, May 22.— Battery errors and mis
plays, about evenly divided between the two
teams, manufactured most of the runs to-day.
The locals won in the ninth inning on an
error three scratch hits and Ryan's being hit
by a' pitched ball. Lauder's batting was the
feature. Attendance, 2100. Score:  ,;"/,:.<
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 5 7.3
Philadelphia 4 10 3
Batteries— Callahan and Donahue; Flfleld and
McFarland. Umpires— and Connolly.
CLEVELAND, May 22.— The Senators pounded
Sudhoft hard in the first ' inning , and he was
taken out of the box In the eighth. The home
team was helpless. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 7 2
Washington M 416 3
Batteries— Sudhoff, Maupln and Zimm»r;
Weyhlng and McGuire. Umpires— Smith .and
Burns. '.■■.. , "' :
•
LATONIA DERBY WILL
BE DECIDED TO-DAY
CINCINNATI, May 22.— T0-morrow the"
great Latonia derby will be decided over
that famous old Kentucky course at La
tonia. Springs. The indications are for a
beautiful day an^l a fast track. Seven
| high-class three-year-olds are entered In
the big event. Corsine probably will be
I the favorite, with Prince McClurg sec
, ond choice. All the starters In the derby i
have been working well over the Latonia ■
track, and the race should prove a fine
one, both from a spectacular and from a
speed standpoint.
The Latonia meeting is to continue
twenty-nine days. Besides the derby the
next stakes of importance are the Hill
yer and Oaks. There are a number of
flch stakes for two-year-olds, as well as
for older horses. Morgan Chirm, son of
Colonel "Jack" Chirm, will do the start
ing Louis P. Tarlton will be presiding
judge, assisted by Charles F. McLean.
' There are over four hundred horses quar
i tered at the track, among them some of
' the best racing material in the West.
The starters and their jockeys In the
<\. rby are as follows:
•His Lordship 110 J. Matthews
•Ways and Means — 114 Vandusen
i Eherhart 114 Britton
I prerlnp 1U W. Dean
i Prince McClurg 122. Beauchamp
Leo Planter 122 J. Hill
Corsine 127 N. Turner
•Coupled as J. D. Smith's entry.
Tulare Asbestos in Demand.
VISAI.IA. May 22.— An asbestos mine
I was discovered in Tulare County recently.
| Already New York firms have offered
$75 a ton for all the asbestos the mine
! will yield.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
■ Monday, May 22.
U S stmr Sherman,' Grant, for Manila.
: Stmr \Vestport, Peterson, for — — j
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING-Sailed May 22— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco. . ■ ■-..,
. ARRIVED.
. Monday, May 22. '-'-
■■ Stmr I Albion, Erlckson, 50 hours from Port
j I>ob Angeles.
(■US- stmr Sheridan, Hlggrlns, 26 days from
I Manila, via Nagasaki IS days.. . .
CLASS OF '99
BIDS FAREWELL
TO ALMA MATER
Stanford Men and Women Who
Go Forth to Fight Life's
Battles.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 22.—
Senior class day opened with services in
the chapel this morning. Ralph Arnold,
president of the class, made a short ad
dress, after which • he introduced Ralph
Filcher, who 1 proceeded to relate the his
tory of the class. He said in part:. .V,,'
The class upon entering college began to dab
ble in athletics and literature. Not content
with the ordinary pursuits of editing the dif
ferent college- papers, In their junior year they
took upon themselves the task of petting cut
the best annual ever produced at Stanford. The
book, according to the time honored costom,
did not go into the hands of a receiver, but
we can forgive our manager- for this.
The speaker dilated at length upon the
intellectual abilities of his class gnd then
took up athletics.
Five star football players, and worthy repre
sentatives "on the diamond and track,- we are
proud to claim. In addition to the records
of the' individual men, as evidence of the ac
tivity which "99 stands for In athletic lines,
the work of which has been done toward se
curing that much needed institution— a train
ing house— stnds boldly in the front. . All have
agreed upon th,- desirability of such a house;
many have suggested plans to secure it; but it
has remained for '99 to act.
An for the social side of life, '99 began bril
liantly and has consistently upheld the repu
tation gained four years ago. Our freshmen
glee was the first affair of the kind ever
given. Our junior hop was conceded to have
been unsurpassed.
Mr. Filcher then proceeded to praise
certain members of his class. Said he.
The most famous men, who/through mistake,
did enter college with any other clases, hve
since seen the error of their way and allied
themselves with '99. For their good taste—
that of the faculty— the highest praise is due.
With the graduation of '99 there leave col
lege the last of those men who have known
and appreciated the spirit of the pioneers of
'95, whose acquaintance has been intimate with
the men who made the present undergraduate
life of Stanford what it is; who developed its
traditions, its pleasures, and its college spirit.
We will be the only class that. has known both
the Intimate fellowship of the old university
and the larger life of the new.
We entered Stanford during her darkest hour.
Others who came after us and share in the
great tide of prosperity, may know the affec
tion that comes from its great bounty, but only
those who have felt the hopes and fears through
which the founders had to struggle can ever
experience such deep personal love for these
revered arches as is shared by the members
of '99.
Mr. Suzzallo delivered the last will and
testament of the class. To several society
men were bequeathed the benches in the
arboretum, provided that the use of the
benches shall be strictly limited to the
hours between 10 p. m. and 2 a. m. All the
remaining Bull Durham and dead soldiers
situate, lying and being within any tene
ment, structure or edifice on the campus
were bequeathed to the Runt Club. To
Carl Hayden, rough rider of Tempo. \
Ariz was bequeathed all the hair tonic
now in the possession of Judge Ellas. The ,
young ladies of Roble inherited undying
Love and affection, to be enjoyed by them
share and share alike. V r v'
Professor Murray spoke to the class
about the warm relations existing be
tween .professors and students, after
which the audience adjourned to the
quadrangle, where the class plate was in
serted in the pavement under the arcades
Dr Jordan gave the history of Stanford
from the day of its founding, through its
darkest hours to the present.
Many notable guests were present,
among whom were Rev. Burt tstees
Howard of Los Angeles.
■ The. members of the graduating class
BACHELORS OF ARTS. ■ ' -
In Greek-Florence Bertha Whittler; Kiver-
M ln Latin— Faith Anderson, Palo Alto; Johann
Adolph Bather. San Jose; Sarah Ann Lory. San
Jose Estelle Liwlnda Kellogg Palo Alto
••Katharine Anthea Mosher, Lontt Beach;
Frank Fowler Rogers Allentown, N. •'■: Anna
Theresa Wallace, Chicago, 111.; Alice Belle
]'n Classical Phlloiogy-James Le Roy Dixon,
In Classical Philology— James Le Roy Dixon.
Needham, Mass.; D. Brainerd Spooner, Boston,
M i'n S ' Germanic Languages-Alice Josephine
Bristol, Canton. Pa.; Valentin Buehner. Los
Angeles; "Hedwig Bertha Buss. San Francisco;
Ellanore Cowperthwalte, Hill Top. Colo.; •Cor
nelia Pierson Ford, Los Angeles; Grace Clyde
Oilman. San Diego; Elizabeth Babette Lewis,
San Diego; Andrew Edward Nelson. Paso Ro
bles; "Ida Wehner, Evergreen »,,.„,■
In Romanic Languages-Mar c Markham,
Pasadena: "Helen Viola Mount. Palo Alto;
•Clara Maude Shoemaker, Los Gatos.
In Engllsh-nda Amanda Beermaker. San
Jose: Christian Kreider Blnkley Manheim. Pa ;
•Zaidee Mwbel Brown, Palo Alto; 'Mane An
toinette Butler. Palo Alto; Frederick William
Dorn. Kelseyvllle; Dn\ Eugenia fowler. Los
Angeles; Clara Graves French. Monmouth. Or..
Etta Hall. Dixon; "Eleanor Virginia Hearne,
San Diego; William Henry Irwin, Denver,
cX: "Mary Lily Meyrick. Palo Alto; Ben
jamin Edwin Page. Pasadena; Emma. \ irglnia
Sears6n(A.B., Indiana University). Indianapo
lis ir.d.; Blanche Louise Rawdon. Palo Alto.
Everett Wallace Smith, Boston. Mass.; »L. Ag
nes Smith. San Diego; Eleanor Harlow Steph
ens San Jose; Joseph '" 'ttenden TempVeton,
Helena Mont.; 'Mary Thompson. Milwaukee
Wis • 'Julia Benson Tubbs, Ontario: Lucy
Helene Waters (8.8., Kansas State Agricul
tural College). Junction City. Kans.; "Mary
Ida Williams. Palo Alto; Frances B. Wolfen-
b TrLaw--HamUton A. Bauer. San Francisco;
Fred Leslie Berry. Ogden. Utah; David Garl
ton Orvis Biglow, Antloch; "George V. llllam
Bush, Redding: Charles Strother Chandler,
Baker City. Or.; Ellsha Lockhart Corbin.
Union Or.; Charles Pryde Cutten. Eureka;
••Rees Oliver Davles, Neath. Pa. ; Charles Sum
ner Dole. Riverside; Solomon Philip Ellas, Mo
desto; Arthur Benjamin West, Denver. Colo. ;
Frank Durack Wills. Antioch; Forrest Starkey
Fisher The Dalles, Or.: Charles Alfred dray,
Palo Alto; "James Leroy Haffey. Denver,
Colo.; Warren Hull, Palo Alto; "Alexander
Samuel Jeffs, Kent, Wash.; Rufus Abertus
Letter Portland, Or.; Clarence Nye Rlggins.
St Helena; Walter Clarence Rodgers, San
Francisco; Arthur Charles Rubs, San Jose.
In Mathematics— Caroline Elizabeth Briggs,
Westside; "Oliver Stanton Hoover, Cedron. p.;
Bernal Mlrza Hopper, Del Key; Junzuburo
Inouye, Iyo, Japan.
In Physics— Franklin Tuthlll Schott, Antioeh;
Mary Isabel Seger, Riverside..
In Chemistry— Rheinart P. Cowle«. Los An
geles; Frank Duezze Curtis, Santa Clara;
"Everard Charles Frost, Maryvllle, Mo.;
"Benjamin Taswell Gillette, Los Angela; Ir
vine Morrison Noble, Redlands; "Robert
Eckles Swain, Palo Alto; Archibald McClure
Strong, Pasadena.
■ In Botany— Roy Abrams, Inglewood;
Dorothy Goodson Bacon, Palo Alto; Elizabeth
Brewßter, Ohio; •♦William Austin Cannon,
Washington, Mich.; Raymon Eugene Chase,
Salt Lake City, Utah: Edward Louis Herman
Knoche, San Jose; William Franklin Wight,
Chicora, Mich. . ■
In Entomology— "Florence Eugenia Dorsey,
San Francisco; Shlnkal Inaklchi Kuwana,
Japan. — ■ ■
In Pyschology— "Mary Wilson George, Col
lege Park.
In Ethics— •Richard Crlttenden McGregor,
Denver, Colo. , •
In Bionomics— Richard Keith " Culver, Palo
Alto; Ulysses Grant Durfee. Palo Alto. \ .
In Education— Eunice Hazel Hodgson, San
Francisco: Duncan Maekinnon. Oakland;
Anthony Henry Suzzallo, San Jose; "Florence
Elizabeth Watson. San Diego.
In History— Walter Clark, Eden Prairie,
Minn; Laura Elizabeth Dyer, Boston, Mass.;
James Ferguson, Olympia, Wash. ; •George
Hortan Francis, Napa; Thomas T. C. Gregory,
Sulsun; "Brodle Gilman Higley. Hartford,
N. V. ; "Fred Siseo Howard, Baldwinsville,
N. T. ; 7 Otho ; Clarke Lelter, Portland, Or.;
Mortimer Clifford Leventrltt, San Francisco;
Belle Stuart McMurtry, Los Gatos; Mabelle
Louisa M6ses, Boston, Mass.; "Anna Dixon
Peck, San Francisco; Frederick Arthur
Schneider, College Park; '••Helen M. : Sprague,
Gllroy; ■ Tlllie Lucretla Swanson, Madison,
Kan., Clarence Lot Thomas, Storm Lake. la.:
Mary Frances Tucker, Palo Alto; Ottomar
Hoghland Van Norrtr-n. Sacramento.
In Economics and Sociology— Edgar Marcel
lus Clinton, Illinois; Ralph Emerson Filcher
San Francisco; Herman Washington Grunsky'
Stockton; George Amos Miller, Hanford: Wal
ter Edmund Nichols, Hoboken, N. J. ; Charles
Ernest Schwartz, Carthage, Md. ; Ernest Stan
wood Williams, Los Angeles; Albert Conser
Whltaker, Los Gatos. , ■ -'.
In Physiology and Histology— Allen
Adams. Helena, Mont.; Edith Mary Barnhlael'
San Jose; Newton Cieaveland Biggs- Wesley
clarence Crandall, Salt Lake City, Utah- Su
sie Louise Dyer, Palo Alto; "Jeremiah Bev
erly Lillard, Santa Barbara; Jessie Willis Mail
er, Santa Rosa; Jean Jacques -Abram Van
Kaathoven. San Jose:. Viola Olcovich. San
FTancisco; John Francis Ortschlld, Portland
Or. Esther Rosencrantz, San Francisco- Har
lan Shoemaker, Sioux City,. la; Rea Everett
Smith, Los Angeles; Nettle Maria Stevens
Chelmsford, Mass. ; : Adelaide M. Tucker, Palo
Alto. 1 ■" •' : ■ ■ •■■ ■ , ■■• . . ■ ■-;,•..; ..I-
In Zoology— Francis Abbott, Greeiey,
Colo.; William Sackston Atkinson, Log Gatos
In Geology— Leigh Allen. Tacoma, Wash.;
Ralph Arnold, Pasadena; Carl Eml! . Knecht
Los Angeles; •William Anthony ■Prlchardj
Portsmouth, O. ; Milnor Roberts, Colorado
Springs; Frank Rolfe. Los Angeles.
In Civil Engineering— "William Nay Bell,
Tracy. In Electrical Engineering— Ralph Ed
son Gilman, San Diego; Addi Warren Lyon.
Artesla; Richard Ira Rush, Suisun; James
June Takagi, Tokio. Japan.
MASTERS OF ARTS.
In Greek— * Maude Flint, A. 8.. Palo Alto.
Thesis. "A Study of the Hippolytus of Euri
pides."
In Latin— Ethel Hunley Coldwell, B. L. (Mills
College). Modest. i. %
In German Languages— Herman Kraemer. A.
B. (University of Missouri). San Bernardino,
rnesis: "The Political Programme of Young
oerraany." Charles Frederick Schmutzler, A.
8.. Ban Francisco. Edward Leonard Zahn, A.
M. (Ohio Wesleyan University). San Jose.
In English— Marie Antoinette [Hitler, A. I?
i\, t, ' Thesis: "A Comparative Study .if
111(1 Rime Schemes in the Sonnets of Wyatt
and Surrey." Laura Garner James. A. 8.,
College Park. Thesis: "A Study of the Sonnet
Forms of Wyatt and Surrey "
In Education— •Louis K. Webb. B S (Uni
versity of Michigan), Los Angeles.' 'Martha
Minerva Winslow. A. B. Kiberlin College).
Aurora. 111. Thesis: '-Literature in the Ele
mentary School."
In History-Susan Myra Kingsbury. A. B.
(University of the Pacific). San Francisco.
Thesis: "The Muniefpal History of San Fran
cisco to 1879."
In Physiology and Histology— •Benjamin
Thomas. A. R.. Palo Alto. Thesis: "The Early
Development of Lasaea Rubra. I ,'
In Zoology-Arthur White Greeley. A. 8.,
Berkeley. William Wlghtman Price. A. 8.,
Pao Alto. Thesis: "The Mammals of Central
t -ilifornra. "John O. Snyder, A. 8., Palo
Alto.
ENGINEER.
In Electrical Engineering-Frank George
Baum. A. 8.. St. Genevieve Mo. Thesis: "On
a New Transformer Diagram."
•Degree conferred September 12. IKW
• Degree conferred January 16, 1890.
"ATALANTA IN STANFORD."
Fantasy in Four Acts Presented by
Senior Class Talent.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 22
--"Atalanta In Stanford," a fantasy in four
acts, written by W. H. .Irwin, '99, was
presented in Encina gymnasium this
afternoon. Many visitors were present
and the "gym" could not comfortably
seat the crowd.
In the play the gpds and goddesses of
ancient Greece are transported to the ;
campus, and, during Dr. Jordan's ab
sence, he having accepted a position on
th»- Bering Sea Sea! Commission, the god
Jupiter rules the university as president.
His family rules him.
As the ancient story goes, Atalanta was
finally beaten in a foot race and her
heart and hand won. after many suitors
had failed and been put to death. So At
alanta in Stanford was won in the same
way by "Jack" Blair, who had the aid of
Mercury, bod of his dad, Jupiter. Mer- ■
cury could assume any shape he desired
and ran the race all but the last lap, !
when 'Jack" linished it. winning by two
lengths. "Dick" Culver as Jupiter and
president of the University, was a suc
cess and would no doubt have pleased as
president in reality those students who j
are inclined to roystering, for he was a '
m^rry old soul. He permitted only those
liberties which were consistent with good I
scholarship, but every' form of gaiety ;
seemed consistent. Without any stretch |
of the imagination he reminded "his audi- i
ence of Edwin Stevens.
The football game as it will be played in
future years was introduced. It will de- !
llgrht esthetic people, for it is played in
dresa suits and a beribboned ball Is gen
tly handled from one to another, with
many apologies.
"The Ravings of Pringle." by Riley,
brought down the house. Pringle was
supposed to be in an insane asylum from
the effects of losing the "C" fence.
Another laughable feature was the drill
by the "Berkeley Cadets."
A sentimental love scene between
Apollo, who is blase, and Hattie Blake
was cleverly sung and acted. Claire
Strohn did some good "stunts" with his
feet and the chorus of gods, goddesses, '
Japs, co-eds and quadrangle cavaliers
was almost perfect. The show was a
success and "Bill" Irwin, the author, was
called to the front for a talk.
The cast for the farce was as follows:
Atalanta, devoted to athletics Miss C. Rose
Jar-k Blair, devoted to Atalanta W. M. Erb
Hattie Blake, a freshman Miss E. B. Zucker i
A Uypsy Miss E. Lewis \
Jupiter, who conducts Olympus R. K. Culver i
Juno, who conducts Jupiter Mist H. Holmes
Venus, popular in society Miss \V. Morgan
Mercury, a freshman but keen —J. S. Brlseoe
Apollo, who is blase P. R. Itiley
Mar? •. A. J. Van Kaathoven
Neptune Claire .Strohn.
Adder Claws, who rules Encina J. S. Briscoe
Chorus or" koclp, fjoddesses, Japs, co-eda and
quadrangle cavaliers.
The seniors, freed from all further care '
in the matter of studies and credits, en- ,
Joyed themselves to-night by tripping the
light fantastic to the tunes of Yank's ;
orchestra. It was the society event of the
year. Flcancially it was a success, as the
hall was crowded and each claw-hammer
coat that entered had to pungle up $5 for
itself and the accompanying lady, besides
squandering 50 cents for necessary pro
grammes. The hall was beautifully dec
orated, the women handsomely gowned
in evening costume, and calcium lights
added to the brilliant effect. Among the
noted guests were ex-Governor Markham,
Timothy Hopkins and T,urt Estes Howard.
The patronesses were. Mesdames Tim
othy Hopkins, David Starr Jordan, J. C.
Branner, G. H. Gillman. Braden, Rice,
Pierce. Cubberly, J. P. Smith, Pease,
Matzke, Griffin, Van Kaathoven. Barnard,
Holmes. Murray. Evans'. Sanford, Howard
G. Stevenson and Miss Lillian Ray.
MORE IMPRESSIVE
RITUAL IS WANTED
Resolution Arouses a Spirited Debate
in the B'nai B'rith
Session.
LOUISVILLE, May 22.— At the second
session of the Independent Order of B'nal
B'rith to-day a resolution was offered pe
titioning the Grand Lodge, which will
meet In San Francisco, to introduce
a more impressive ritual. This aroused a
spirited debate, and it was at last re
ferred to the ritual committee.
A memorial service was held in honor
of the late Isador Bush, the Jewish phi
lanthropist of St. Louis, who died re
cently.
The project to establish a hospital at
Denver, Colo., for Jewish consumptives
at an outlay of $15,000 a year was dis
cussed at great length in the afternoon
session. Final action was delayed until
to-morrow. Jacob Furth, the St. Louts
£hilanthroplst, and Dr. Alfred Muller of
>en«ver led the fight for the hospital.
St. Louis was decided upon as the
place of meeting in 1900.
GRAIN SHOVELERS
STRIKE IS SETTLED
BUFFALO, May 23, 2:45 a. m.— The
grain shovelers' strike has been settled.
The agreement signed late ]ast night
by a subcommittee representing the
strikers, of which President Kjeefe of
the Longshoremen's Association Avas a
member, and Contractor Conners, has
been approved by the full committee of
the Grain Shovelers' Union. The strike
is to be declared off and the men will
return to work Wednesday morning.
WILL FIGHT AT NIGHT.
Fitzsimmons-Jeffries Contest to Take
Place on the Scheduled Date.
NEW YORK, May 22.-The Fitzsim
mons-Jeffries contest will take place in i
the evening of June 9. This decision was i
reached by the directors of the Coney j
Island Club at a meeting to-day. The con
clusion was reached through the offer of j
a prominent picture firm, which assured
tae club people It can take successful
moving pictures by the use of electric
light at night. This prevents any possi
bility of a postponement.
GAGE IS DODGING
OFFICE SEEKERS
Retires to His Downey
Ranch.
SEEKING REST AND QUIET
MAY SOON MAKE WHITTIER
APPOINTMENTS.
The Paris World's Fair Commission
Probably Will Name Major
Ben C. Truman as Its
Secretary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 22.— Governor
Henry T. Gage arrived on the early train
this morning. He left for his ranch near i
Downey an hour after his arrival, to
avoid the persistent office-seeker, of j
whom Gage admits he is tired.
The Governor Intends to fill the two va
cancies on the Whittier Reform School
board before he leaves, if the factions
now contesting for control of the school
shall agree. Should this be found impos
sible, the Governor will, it was intimated
to-day, appoint a board which shall se
lect as Superintendent Van Alstyne's sue- j
cessor neither Dr. Barber nor Sherman I
Smith. In that event T. E. Newlin. for- !
merly County Cterk, or Mayor M. T. |
Owens will be chosen to preside over the
dt'stlnies of the school.
"A great many persons are fooling ;
themselves Into the belief that I will !
appoint a superintendent of the State
School at Whittier," said Mr. Gage. "I !
am getting letters and telegrams by the j
cord, asking about Whittier and other j
places. I have absolutely nothing to do j
with the appointment ot a superintend- j
rnt. After I have named the .trustees for
the institution I expect them to choose
the superintendent. It is so with the !
normal schools and the university. When
I name the trustees or the regents it is |
all left to them to select a superintendent j
or president. I shall appoint no trustees j
for Whittier until after I have visited the
institution."
Mr. Gage's friends to-night insist that
he has come south with the intention of ;
visiting all the public institutions in |
Southern California. In reply to a direct j
question the Governor said he had not ap
pointed a Labor Commissioner, and was j
looking over petitions.
Next Monday the Governor, accom- j
panied by Mrs. Gage and Mr. and Mrs.
George J. Denis, will leave for Yosemite.
Dr. E. A. Bryant also- will be in the party
and Senator and Mrs. Stephen M. White
may take the trip.
L. L. Maude of Riverside, who has just
been appointed State Highway Commis
sioner, will, it is «aid, name Assembly
man Miller of Clearw/uer as his secretary.
Mr. Miller voted for Colonel D. M. Burns '
for T'nited States Senator on the day the I
recent Legislature adjourned.
Major Ben C. Truman said to-day the |
Paris Commission would meet in San j
Francisco for organization in about ten |
days. Regarding the appointment of a i
secretary Mr. Truman said:
"That will not be determined until the
Commissioners get together. .1 think the j
secretary will be one of the throe Commis- '
sioners. I am averse to appointing an
outside secretary, who would have ex- <
ecutive power. If my colleagues think as
I do the only appointments to be made i
will be clerical. I think we should have
some good men look after the interests
of their respective localities. Most of the '
help we will need we can employ better in
Paris."
Mr. Truman's friends insist to-night !
that this practically means the appoint- j
ment of Truman himself. A now appli- j
cant for secretary appeared to-day in
Otheman E. Stevens, who, it is said, has !
the ear of Gage and his friends.
Martin Aguirre, the new warden of San I
Quentin, will consult with Governor Gage !
as to his line of policy before he assumes j
office on July 1. There are to be no whole
sale discharges of prison guards and other !
employes, as was hoped by the hundreds
of persons who have for w r ecks been seek
ing positions at the penitentiary, although
a weeding out is to be made.
Water Case Award Accepted.
LOS ANGELES, May 22.— The City
Council to-day formally accepted the
award In the water company ease by the
arbitration board and decided to call upon
the water company for a statement of
what the company intends to do. There
is some talk among the Oouneilmen of a
bond issue in the shape of popular loans,
the bonds to the amount of $2,000,000 re
quired to acquire the water plant to be
offered to local capitalists and individuals.
£// CHRONIC
/ KIDNEY DISEASE -.V
ml Puffiness Under Eyes Emaciation \®
f] - Pain in Back " & Excessive Thirst IB
; -' H '•'■' Sallow Complexion . T - General Weakness \m
H Loss of Appetite Headaches IB
By Sediment in Urine \ v Weak Heart IB
% HUDYAN CURES. I >
(5) THE SYMPTOMS OF KIDNEY DISEASE ARE OFTEN REMOTE FROM THE <«
X SEAT OF TROUBLE, AND THAT IS WHY MANY PEOPLE ARE -MISLED AS ®
(J\ REGARDS THE NATURE OF THEIR ILLNESS UNTIL SERIOUS ORGANIC DE- >
X 3TRUCTION HAS TAKEN PLACE. THE ABOVE SYMPTOMS WARN YOU THAT (i)
X , A BANEFUL DISEASE IS PENDING. HUDYAN WILL CURE YOU. HUDYAN V
5* WILL STRENGTHEN YOUR KIDNEYS. IT WILL RESTORE THEM TO A X
T HEALTHY STATE AND TO PERFECT ACTION. .»■ ®
5? GUNNISON.'JCoIo. PORTLAND. Or.. +
X DEAR SIRS: lam glad to tell' you that DEAR DOCTORS: Your Hujyan iras the 0
f lam again a strong and hearty man. the "STS.&^^t »£ Kidn^ JGSiT ♦ '
X result of your wonderful Hudyan. I • suf- | Doctors told me I could not get well ® ■
w .fered from chronic inflammation of the Hudyan promptly relieved the pain. I soon ; >
T- .kidneys, and really thought I could never began to gain in weight and strength, and (?
(S) get' well. Hudyan Is great. In a short time I was well. ' '. --y
. V JAS. C. PARSON.  MRS. GRACE SHAW. . X
X 'Hudyan is for sale by druggists— a package or six packages for $2 50. - V
® IF YOUR DRUGGIST DOES NOT KEEP HUDYAN SEND DIRECT TO THE A
-♦- HUDYAN REMEDY CO., CORNER STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS.. SAN ®
r=\ FRANCISCO. CAL. ; , .;...-♦■
V YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF ®
▼• CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. , ; . V >
'"•'• - '• S^DR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Swi tSM Flve hundred reward for any
HI FVFI A Nn BICYCLES! ODR.0 DR. BALL'S REIN ViCORATOR
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. This oecret
remedy slots all losses in 24
SagS JH G'^et, Fits. Strictures LofHl
gMUJSSU Manhood and all wasting effects
i LEA VITT <* BILL, sealed. « bo^e^to^s.^^Snteel^o
Open Every Evening. ; 309 Larkin St. I^T^E^^ J^SS^3
■ : " ■ ' ' ' ■■ •-■■ • j for sale at 1673% Market st. S F Air prlviu
.......... — — — — — | dineasea quickly cured. Send for Xree book. *
BABY STOLEN
BY THE NURSE.
Bold Case of Kidnaping
at New York.
AN INFANT IS STOLEN
NOTE WRITTEN TO THE MOTHER,
WHO MAY DIE
The Abductors Declare That the Lit
tle One and Nursegirl Are
Safe if No Fuss Is
Made.
Special Dispatch to The CalV
NEW YORK. May 22.— What ap
peared to be a bold case of kidnaping
a child was reported to the police to
day, and a score of detectives were at
once sent out In an endeavor to arre^.^^
the offenders. The missing child i.-^
Marion, the eighteen-months-ola
daughter of Arthur Clark, an employe
of a publishing firm. She was taken,
the police say, by a nurse named Carrie
Jnnes, who was hired last week by the
Clarks through an advertisement.
The whole thing seems to have been
a cleverly laid plot. The child wa>
taker, out yesterday afternoon by the
nurse and the empty baby carriage was
found by the police in Central Park.
Soon afterward Mrs. Clark received
this letter:
"Mrs. Clark— Do not look for your
nurse and baby. They are safe in our
possession, where they will remain for
the present. If the matter is kept out
of the hands of the police and news
papers you will get your baby back
safe and sound. If, instead, you make
a big time about it and publish it all
over we will see to it that you never
see her alive again. We are driven t>>
this by the fact that we cannot get
work and one of us has a child dying
through want of proper treatment and
nourishment. Your baby is safe and in
good hands. The nurse girl is still with
her. If everything is quiet, you will
hear from us Monday or Tuesday."
There is evidence to show that the
nurse girl wrote the letter. Mrs. Clark
is in a serious condition, and the
suspense may cause her death.
PLANS FOR THE VALLEY
ROAD DEPOT AT FRESNO
It Is Said the Division Headquarters
Will Be Removed From
Stockton.
FRjJSNO, May 22.— Surveyors have
staked the ground plan for a handsome
passenger depot in this city for the Val
ley road. Work on the structure will be
commenced immediately upon the letting
of the contract, involving an expenditure
of about $15. (mm), and it is expected to have
the depot ready for occupancy to accom
modate the increased traffic in July, when
the junction with the Santa Fe will be
completed and through continental trains
will be running to San Francisco. The
depot will be a two-story structure of at
tractive design and will follow the Span
ish mission style, after which all the pas
senger depots on the VaJley road have
been built.
It is said that with the completion of tne
building division headquarters will be re
moved from Stockton to this city, the
plans of the depot building contemplating
in the upper story office rooms for the
divisional officials.
COEUR D'ALENE MINES
WILL BE REOPENED
Owners Announce That One Thou-
sand Men May Find Imme
diate Employment.
SPOKANE. May 22.— At a meeting of
the Cover d'Alene mine owners held here
to-day all the big producing properties
were represented. The following state- {
ment was given to the Associated Press:
"It was the unanimous resolve of the
meeting to heartily co-operate with the
State authorities of Idaho in preserving
order and immediately to start up all the
mines. The wages paid at Burke. Gem
and Mullan are $3 50 a day for all men
working underground. The wages at
Wardner are $3 50 a day for miners and
$3 for laborers. Three hundred and fifty
men are already at work at Wardner, and
the other camps can give immediate work
to 1000 men."DEATH OF RHEA,
THE NOTED ACTRESS
Becelved to-day of the death of Mile. Rhea,
the well-known actress. In Montmorency, France. The communication
came in the shape of a larpe black-bordered envelope containing an an
nouncement of her funeral. The text of the letter translated was as fol
lows:
"You are asked to assist as escort in the services of interment of Mile. Hor
tense Barb<> I. ret called Rhea, who died, strengthened with the sacraments of
the church, at her home. Rue de Chesneaux, No. 10, in Montmorency, in her
fifty-fifth yer. The services will take place on Friday, May 12, 1899, at 3 p. m., in
the parish church at Montmorency."
AMERICANS ON
ALL COMMITTEES
The Peace Conference
Ready for Work.
Sppcial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 22.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Secretary Hay received a dispatch to-day
from Mr. Holls. secretary of the American
delegation to The Hague conference an
nouncing the appointment of American
members of the various committees or
ganized by the conference. The authori
ties are especially gratified that Embas
s=ador 'White Is a member of all the im
portant committees, as that will enable
him. it is hoped, to exercise great influ
ence over the conference.
I understand that since the arrival of
the American delegates at The Hague
they have been performing some mission
ary work among other delegates in sup- j
port of the plan of arbitration which they I
are especially charged to press upon the j
conference. The fact that Russia is de
sirous of compulsory arbitration Is be
lieved to be of importance as bearing on !
the fate of the American plan. A com
pulsory plan is regarded as Impracticable,
and it is thought that trie conference will
be willing to accept as a compromise the
American suggestion for the organization
of a permanent arbitral tribunal of lim
tlted power, to which nations In contro
versy may submit disputes if they desire
to do so.
It is considered strange that the Presi
dent should be urging arbitration for
adoption by the world, when in two' re
cent instances he has rejected it. .In the
Pears case the Honduras Government
suggested arbitration, which was dis
tinctly refused, and the demand for In
demnity pressed, and now in the Alaskan
boundary controversy Great Britain has
been given to understand that this Gov
ernment will not accept the proposition
for arbitration which she has advised.
The apparent contradiction in the pres
net attitude arises solely out of a misun
derstanding of his position. He believes
that it is wise for nations to have an
arbitral tribunal to which they may re
fer disputes If they desire, to adopt such
a course, but where it is manifestly to
the injury of the interests of one of the
nations he has no hesitancy in declaring
against action of this character. A repe
tition of the outrages upon American citi-
zens In Central America has caused the
administration to determine to give Hon
duras a lesson. In the case of the Alas
kan boundary controversy, while satisfied
with the justice of the American conten
tion the President does not feel that he
would be justified in submitting to one
man or a court, a question which Is of
Buch'vast importance to this country, and
more probably as the people of the Pacific
coast would sustain great damage if a
Jaundiced arbiter should decide that Great
Britain is entitled to a portion of what
is now considered Alaskan territory.
THE HAGUE. May 22.-The disarma
ment committee of the peace conference
meets at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning,
the committee on the laws of warfare
meets during the afternoon of the same
sab saaS p&as&ssßßffl
tgations have had frequent conferences
IMth the view of arriving at an agreement
to regard to the choice of officers of the
committees Apparently many difficult
ha.™* arisen, as" nothing has been finally
< Se Man d y false and exaggerated reports
have been circulated regarding these
itches. For instance, it has been said
that Count yon Munster. the German Em
bassador at Paris and head of the Ger
man delegation, would withdraw from the
conference. Such stories must be re
ceived with caution, as persons hostile
to the aims of the conference have been
busily engaged in spreading distrust. The
story about Count yon Munster probably
arose from the fact that his name does
not appear as a member of any of the
committees, while the other chief s of dele
gations have joined one or more commit
tees Hut. it is pointed out. delegates,
although hot members of a committee
are privileged to attend Its sessions and
participate irUhe discussions. <„,„,
! Andrew D.^Vhite, the United States
Ambassador at Berlin and head of the
American delegation, in an interview here
with a representative of the Associated
Press said he regarded the situation as
Promising and that the first work of or
ganization will be well done. He added:
I am hopeful that it will be possible to reach
im'Vi'-ai conclusions The skepticism of the
first few days must yield to serious hopes with
out at the same time Indulging in exaggerated
"rS^worti of Emperor William have con
tributed to improve the situation. I think we
mar arrive at some result on the subject of
mediation an.) arbitration. Although It I, un
doubtedly impossible to make such object
obligatory it can be rendered at least op
tional and I believe that after the conference
the powers will recognize that they have at
the r disposal * means of regulating their differ
ences otherwise than by war. That will be an
;"'.„„ advantage. I am also confident that
m,"rtant Improvements are achievable In the
laws and usages of war. to humanize war. es
pecially in extending to the naval battles the
.';.„. convention of ISM and In Increasing the
. protection of private property m naval wars.
U'.elatlve to the reduction of armaments 1 am
not In a position to speak on the subject.
Other Embassadors who are delegates
to the conference were also Interviewed
and expressed similar views. They said
they were most hopeful that the delibera
tions of the conference would result in the
adoption ot practical recommendation*,
■•■■■••
tending toward peace and rendering war J
more humane. All worp dominated by
a sense of responsibility to achieve some
thing, especially in the direction of arbi
tration. The delegates wcrp unanimously
of the opinion that the question of the
redaction of armament would be the most
difficult to meet, and it Is believed that it
will be relegated to the rear of the other |
two features, especially since the special
object of the congress is now acknowl- j
edged to be an endeavor to establish
means for the solving of international
difficulties without recourse to war. thus
Increasing the reality of wars and as a ;
natural consequence leading to a reduc- !
tion of armaments.
After an active exchange of views dur- ,
ing the last twenty-four hours, the chiefs
of the various delegations arrived this j
evening at an agreement regarding the se- !
lection of the presidents of the various ;
committees. This agreement will be com
municated to the delegates, who hav»> |
been summoned to meet In plenary ses- j
sion in the Huis Ten Bosch at noon to
morrow for the solo purpose of formally :
confirming the agreement.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Major Shaler and Lieutenant Stout
Ordered to Benicia Arsenal.
WASHINGTON. May 22—Major rharles i
Shaler, commanding the Indianapolis ar- i
senal, has been ordered to Benicia ar
senal, California. Lieutenant L. H. Stout '
at the Watertown arsenal has also been j
.•! dered to Benicia.
Colonel Charles C. Hood, Sixteenth!
United Stares Infantry, having reported
his arrival in New York City, in com-:
pliance with Instructions heretofore piven j
him, will proceed to San Francisco and
report in person to the commanding gen
eral. Department of California, for as
signment to duty. He will upon the com
pletlon of duty to which he may be as
siKiieri proceed to join his regiment in the !
Philippine Islands.
Telegraphic instructions of May 4, dl- ;
recting the discharge from the service of
the United States by the commanding
general, Department of California, of '
Corporal Thomas Barclay, Company [,
Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, |
Is confirmed.
Th«- discharges from the service of the :■
■; States by the commanding officer.
Presidio, San Francisco, of Private Fara- I
day Cloud, Battery A, Corporal Clarence [
B. Rector, Battery D. California Volun
■>.<-i r Artillery, and Private John Edward I
Dallam, Company B, Thirteenth Minne-:
BOta Volunteer Infantry, are confirmed.
The postoffice at Carille, Sonoma Coun
ty California, will be discontinued after.
May 31. Mail should be sent to Sebasto- ]
poL
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Increase— Bernhard Meyer,, I
San Francisco, $6 to J\
Oregon: Increase—David R. Evans, !
Sheridan, $14 to $50.
Washington: Increase—John W. Petti
john, Montesano, $8 to $15.
GENERAL DEPOT AT TRACY.
Distributing Point for the Tesla Coal
Company.
STOCKTON, May 22. -A. D. Shepard of |
the Southern Pacific Company was at I
Tracy to-day inspecting the 2000 feet of
siding and crossing which have been put
In to accommodate the Tesla-Corral Hol
low Coal Company. The arrangement was
< ntered into some time ago by the two I
companies, the coal company being anx
[OUß to obtain, a general depot at Tracy
to facilitate distribution to points more
convenient to that station than to Stock
ton. It is understood the arrangement Is j
a simple business agreement and has no j
significance as to the policy or control I
of th< output of the mines. The Tesla,
company is developing its great holdings
as fast as possible. W. J. Bartnett of
the Tepla company is to-day quoted as
saying:
■Active development work on the lime
deposit will begin immediately and a i
tramway 3000 feet long will be built from
the deposit to the railroad as soon as
possible. This deposit of lime, which is
Inexhaustible, is of an especially fine j
character, running H"Vs per cent pure lime.
There is also a large deposit of clay near
by, which Is needed in the manufacture
of Portland cement. The Tesla company
proposes to go into that business, and It
means much to the Pacific ('oast. There
has always been great need of such de
posits on the coast for the manufacture
of cement, and as there is an inexhausti
ble supply of the necessary materials at
Tesla the enterprise will no doubt be very
successful."
RED BLUFF APPROVES.
Pleased by the Naming of Runyon as
Commissioner to Paris.
RED BLUFF, May 22— E. W. Runyon,
whose appointment by Governor Gage as
commissioner to the Paris Exposition will
give great satisfaction to the entire north
ern part of California, Is a man of affairs,
whose ability is of the highest order. He
is president of the Bank c*f Tehamn Coun
ty, president of the Red Bluff Electric
Light and Gas Company, a director of
the Cone & Kimball Company and di
rector of the First National Brink of Oak
land He owns several thousand acres
of the best land in Tehama County and
his several orchards comprise 600 acres
in deciduous fruits. Mr. Runyon is inter
ested in mines and other enterprises in
Northern California. He is chairman of
the Republican County Central Commit
tee and member of the State Central Com
mittee Mr. Runyon has resided In the
Htate six years and is 39 years of age. He
was a son-in-law of the late Joseph S.
Cone.
BALSZ A BENEDICT.
Santa Cruz Baseball Player Weds
Miss Minnie Aston.
SANTA CRUZ. May 22.— Louis Balsz,
the Sand Crabs' popular pitcher, sur
prised his many friends to-day by joining
the ranks of the benedicts. At high noon
he was united in marriage to Miss Minnie
Aston, daughter of Mrs. Honora Aston.
Captain William Devereaux acted as best
man. Rev. Father McNamea waa the of
ficiating clergymao- -* .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 23, 1899.
LEGISLATION
FOR REFORM
IN CURRENCY
Advocates Disappointed With
Result of the Caucus
Committee's Work.
MODERATE MEASURES
But the Present Prospeot Appears
to Be That Congress Will
Defeat Even These.
Special Dispatch to The CalJ.
NEW YORK. May 22.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following;: Advocates of currency re
form are somewhat disappointed with
the result of the deliberations of the
Republican caucus committee appoint
ed to formulate a legislative pro
gramme. It had been hoped that the
members of this commission would
agree on a comprehensive scheme of
currency and bank reform that would
command the support of a majority in
each house of Congress.
This cnmmitteee was, however, con
fronted by the fact that whatever bill
is carried through Congress must be
put forward as a Republican party
measure and must have the support
practically of all the Republican mem
bers in the House, where their major
ity is very small.
There were disagreeemnts among the
members of the .committee themselves,
and even those who were prepaned to
indorse the principle of the Indianapolis
scheme were unable to get together as
to details. The very moderate scheme
agreed upon by committeemen repre
sents not only their judgment as to
what they will be able to get through
the House, but what they were able to
agree upon themselves.
The programme, however, is gener
ally looked upon as a step in the right
direction. It proposes to adopt defi
nitely the gold standard by enacting
into positive law what is not largely a
matter of construction and precedent,
and making all obligations of the coun
try payable in gold on demand. The
proposition to reissue greenbacks only
in exchange for gold will, if enacted,
destroy the "endless chain" and pre
vent the same greenbacks being used
time after time to withdraw gold from
the treasury.
< inly two propositions are made to. In
crease the volume of the national bank
circulation. It is proposed to permit
banks to issue notes up to the par
value of their bonds and to permit the
establishment of banks of $25,000 capi
tal in small towns. It is expected that
the first of these will lead to a consid
erable increase in national bank cir
culation, as it will tend to increase the
profits on note issues.
The proposed authorization of banks
of small capital in small towns is to
meet the complaint of communities in
the South and West that they are com
pelled to do their banking in large cities
and that the profits of this business are
withdrawn from their neighborhoods.
There is no possibility <^f any ideal
financial legislation being enacted by
the Fifty-sixth Congress, and it is not
improbable that even the moderate
measure proposed by the caucus com
mittee will fail.
DIVIDEND FOR DEPOSITORS,
Directors of the Union Savings Bank
Levy an Assessment.
SAN JOSE, May 22.— The directors of
the Union Savings Bank this morning lev
ied an assessment of $10 a share on the
10.000 shares of the bank stock. ,A good
deal of this cannot be collected Without
suit, but the assessment should bring in
nearly $!V),000. This, with some ♦on .ooo now
in the vaults, will be paid In dividends to
the depositors.
Expert "William reported on the trans
actions of Mrs. Myra E. Wright, wife
of President \V. H. Wright, with the
bank, in which the banking property was
transferred to Mrs. Wright to secure a
loan of $60,000. It showed she had been
given eleven certificates of deposit ag
gregating $50,000 and certificate for $10,000
borrowed from the bank by her hus
band. The expert says:
In conclusion I will say that I see nothing In
this transaction that appears to me anything
but a straight forward business matter.
LAND-OWNERS PROTEST.
San Jose-Alviso Electric Road Project
Receives a Setback.
SAN JOSE, May 22.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day refused to grant a fran
chise for an electric railway to Alviso,
'■ along the county road from the northerly
i limits of this city. A resolution was
| adopted, however, that whenever the
; property-owners on either side of the
! road would consent to a railway being
* built there a franchise would lie given.
A large number of residents were pres
ent and protested against the road, es
pecially in th'> center of the roadway.
Representatives of the Los Gatos Roard
of Trade askt-d that the Supervisors
grant the franchise as it meant ultimate
ly a road to Los Gatos.
A. Greeninger and the capitalists at the
head of the enterprise are not discour
aged over the refusal, and will try to ob
tain the consent of property-owners.
San Joaquin County Crops.
STOCKTON, May 22.— The first week of
June will see several carloads of peaches
shipped from the Acampo district to East
ern markets. The peaches are ripening
rapidly. There will be a magnificent crop
in the northern end of the county, in
spite of the fact that the trees lost nearly
four-lifths of their blossoms when they
first came out. Almonds and prunes will
be comparatively light and there will not
be enough apricots to supply the local
demand. The Vangelder and Thornton
orchards are the only ones where the out
look for the latter fruit is encouraging.
The fruit shippers are already on the
ground, and it is probable the competi
tion may wring good results to orchard
ists. Heretofore one company has come
near controlling the output of this rich
district. Peach growers are encouraged,
as it is understood that crop failures in
the East will create a brisk demand for
their product. '
Sent to Napa Asylum.
WOODLAND, May 22.— Calvin Ruddick
and Thomas Bradley were examined by a
commission in lunacy this morning am#
committed to the Napa Asylum for the
Insane. Ruddick is one of the oldest resi
dents of Yolo County and at one time was
active and influential.
Fruit Growers Will Meet.
MARYSVILLE, May 22.— A meeting of
the fruit growers of this section has been
called, to be held In Yuba City on Thurs
day, to take such action as shall seem
proper In sympathy with the mass meet
ing of fruit growers of the State, to be
held in Sacramento May 23.
GALLANT CAPTAIN
RAFFERTY DYING
NEW YORK, May 22.— Captain Malcolm A. Rafferty, Company F, Seventy
first New York Volunteers, who distinguished himself by his bravery at
the bartle of San Juan, is reported to be dying at Trinidad, W. I.
Captain Rafferty was born in England thirty-four years ago. He was
educated at Rugby and serevd in the Buckinghamshire Yeomnry. He enlisjed in
Australia and also served In the infantry in Canada. He joined the Seventy-first
Regiment six years ago and steadily advanced.
Aftr the return of his regiment from Cuba, Captain Rafferty was taken sick
with fever, and in the hope of benefiting his health he was taken to Trinidad.
CHRISTIAN WORK
AND ATHLETICS
Busy Day at Students'
Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 22.— T0-day?
session of the conference of the Pacific
coast students began t-arlier than usual, in
order that the accumulated work of the
i day might be disposed of. the first lecture
| being begun at 8 a. m. Early as was tlie
hour the delegates were all in plaice for
the devotional • xercise. and when Dr. J.
Rutter Williamson of London began his
; lecture on the way to carry
!on a missionary campaign among
college men everybody was ready
I am! listened with Interest. Dr.
' Williamson dwelt with much emphasis on
i the necessity for systematic giving, say
i ing. as in example, that if a 2-cent stamp
daily were given to the support of for
eign missions by each member of Amer
ica's young people's Christian societies
more money would be the result than now
aggregates from all sources of support of
foreign missions.
H. W. Rose of Ann Arbor University,
and a member of the international com
mit t-e of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, conducted the second depart -
j ment of conference work, the association
i conference, the department in which the
' policy to he followed in Pacific coast col
kge Christian associations during the
i coming year will be considered and de
termined. A general discussion among the
' delegates was followed by a brief lecture
by the conductor on the fundamental
points to be considered. He said a car
diral point was that the membership of
a college association should be limited to
men, because men could best reach men.
The conference lost one of its most ef
ficient directors to-day in the departure of
C (' Michener. Mr. Mirhener goes to
Grand Rapids, Mich., to take charge of
the International Students' Conference,
which convenes there on May 30. His du
ties as director of the Pacific Coast Con
ference have Ijeen transferred to H. W.
Rose who will henceforth act as inter
national college secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association.
The pint form address of to-day was
delivered by Rev. Dr. MacH. Wallace of
Oakland, his subject being "The Child
and the Man" of the Christian life, on
the basis that man must become as a
child to enter the Christian life.
To-day marked the opening of the
athletic" department of the convention,
the preliminary events in two contests—
baseball and tennis singles— being begun.
J C Prawl. the Stanford sprinter, is
chairman of the conference athletic com
mittee and is conducting the various
events. The baseball game of to-day was
played between a University of Califor
nia* nine and a picked nine from the re-
I mainder of the conference, Berkeley los-
I ing by a score of S to 5. In the prelimi
naries of the tennis tournament. Sanders,
i former State champion of Wisconsin, now
of Stanford, was one of the notable
At 7:30 p. m. Dr. J. Rmier Williamson,
head of the Medical Missionary of Lon
don, England, spoke to the members of
the life-work class on the advantages of
choosing a missionary career in life and
the present need for highly educated mis
sionaries.
The work of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Christian Commission
in the army and navy during the late
war with Spain was the subject of a lec
ture by N. H. Jacks of Oakland to-night.
The lecture was illustrated by over a
hundred stereopticon pictures of army
and navy scenes in the Philippines, Cuba,
Jjjhrto Rico and the camps in which the
United States troops were mobilized pre
! paratory to transDortation to the field
■ of action. This concluded the day's pro
j gramme. ___^_^______^^^_
WOULD DIE A SUICIDE.
Letter Sent by a Despondent Man to
a Stockton Friend.
STOCKTON, May 22. — Oscar Morris,
driver of the Grand Central bus, has re
ceived the following letter from the for
mer night clerk of the Grand Central,
who left this city in January:
LOMPOC, May J4. 1899.
Dear Morris: When this reaches you I will
have shuffled off this mortal roil. On leaving
Stockton I took the Keeley cure, but It did me
no Rood. After leaving the St. James 1 secured
a job with McMurtrie & Stone, contractors, to
nil in the cap from Surf to Elwood. Kept sober
! a month, then got drunk. To make a lonp story
1 short, when this reaches you I will be over the
•'Great Divide." Yours,
JOHN C. NOWLIN.
Lompoc is in Santa Barbara County.
: Nowlin was employed at the Grand Cen
tral for some time, commencing as a por
j ter and afterward serving as night clerk.
He was a bright fellow, but addicted to
drink.
Visitors From Missouri.
WOODLAND, May 22.— Mayor A.
j Dingle, wife and little daughter of Mo
! berly. Mo., are guests of Postmaster
I Dingle and family of this city. They ex
-1 pect to remain In California several weeks
and will make a tour of the southern part
of the State before returning to Missouri.
THEOSOPHISTS ENDOWED
BY AN ANONYMOUS FRIEND
Fifty Thousand Dollars Advanced to
Aid the Cause of the American
Society.
CHICAGO, May 22.— At to-day's session
of the thirteenth annual convention of the
American section of the Theosophical So
ciety George E. Wright informed the
delegates that an anonymous friend had
decided to give the society a fund of $50.
--000, the interest of which is to be used for
the advancement of the society's cause in
the United States. As a preliminary step
toward preparing to receive the donation
the society will be Incorporated under the
laws of Illinois and the name of the or
ganization copyrighted. Five trustees
were appointed to manage the fund.
A resolution permitting all organiza
tions believing in occult science to affi
liate with the society was voted down,
after considerable discussion.
William J. Walters was elected a dele
gate to represent the American society at
the European Theosophical convention to
be held in London in July.
Mrs. M'addell of Kansas presented a
resolution advocating the founding of a
national college of Theosophy, where the
secret of power in Individuals might be
developed by special mental training.
Definite action on the subject was de
ferred.
Mrs. Julia A. Scott of Denver, Mrs.
Kate Davis of Minneapolis and Mrs.
Elizabeth Waddell of Topeka. Kans.,
I read papeie suggesting the best methods
iof conducting branch work and study
classes.
The following classes were elected for
the year: General secretary and treas
urer, Alexander Fullerton, New York.
Executive committee— George E. Wright,
Chicago; Mrs. Julia M. Scott, Denver;
William J. Walters. San Francisco; F.
| F. Titus, Toronto, and Alexander Fuller
j ton. New York.
PEDESTRIANS ENDANGERED.
Two Negroes Fight a Bloodless Duel
in Chicago.
! CHICAGO, May 22.— Lives of pedestrians
!on Dearborn street, between Twenty-
I seventh and Twenty-ninth, were placed
I in danger to-night by two colored men,
I who emptied revolvers In firing at each
other from behind trees on opposite sides
of the street in the most approved fron
tier fashion. The shooting occurred be-
I tween 7 and 8 o'clock, when many resi
! dents in the vicinity were going to even
ing service at the church at Thirtieth and
Dearborn streets.
One of the men, who was drunk, was
walking along the street, when he saw
! the enemy across the street. Drawing
j a revolver he began to fire at the man,
who promptly got behind a tree, and,
drawing his own revolver, returned the
fire. The first man to open fire also got
behind a tree. When his revolver was
empty the first man decided to quit his
hiding place back of the tree and start
ed to run. He went but a few steps when
he stumbled and fell. Immediately a cry
of "Murder!" was raised, and persons
who had hastily left the section in which
; the firing took place returned to assist
the man they supposed had been wounded.
It was found no one had been 1 hurt.
This fusillade, following the battle In
the same neighborhood this morning,
! when two men were killed and another
I fatally wounded, caused a panic among
I the residents.
CAUSES BYRNE'S ARREST.
Fred Belasco's Former Wife Says the
Librettist Struck Her.
NEW YORK, May 22.— Grace Wallace
Belasco, the divorced wife of Fred Bel
asco, had Charles A. Byrne, the librettist,
arrested to-night for striking her. Mr.
Byrne wrote the librettos of several light
operas, such as "The Isle of Champagne"
and "The Princess Nicotine," in which
latter Miss Lillian Russell starred. He
founded a dramatic weekly paper In this
city years ago and is well knowin in the
atrical circles. In his application for di
vorce In 1897 Frederick Belasco mentioned
Mr. Byrne aa co-respondent.
Sues for the Salary.
MARYSVILLE, May 22.-Judge Ellison
of Red Bluff was here to-day to hear the
mandamus proceedings of S. O. Gunning,
Auditor, vs. G. W. Pine, treasurer, to en
force payment of the salary of plaintiff,
whose right to hold office is contested by
F. H. Day. Day is not content to await
the decision of the Supreme Court, but
lays claim to the salary of the office,
though Gunning is in possession and per
forming the work. The court took the
case under advisement.
Suicide at Wheatland.
MARY, ,'ILLE. May 22.— Joseph E. Hol
lingshead of Wheatland committed sui
cide at 10 o'clock this morning by firing a
bullet from a revolver into his heart. 11l
health was the cause. He was a native
of Canada and G3 years of age. Two sons
survive him. He was a member of Wheat
land Lodge of Masons. The Coroner has
gone to the scene to hold an inquest.
Love Held for Trial.
MARYSVILLE, May 22.— The second
preliminary examination of H. H. Love,
the Grand Jury expert, charged by the
District Attorney with having presented
false claims to the county, resulted in the
remanding of the defendant to the Su
perior Court for trial on the March bill.
Love gave $3000 bonds.
PRESBYTERIANS
ARE DEMOCRATIC
Refuse to Reduce Pres
ent Representation.
POPULAR WITH THE PEOPLE
ASSEMBLY VOTES DOWN THE
PLANS PRESENTED.
Many Other Subjects of Great In
terest to the Church Are
Considered During the
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS. - May 22.— Democracy
asserted itself in the Presbyterian Gen
eral Assembly this afternoon. With a
shout the assembly voted down two care
fully considered* and prepared plans to
reduce the membership, one by a third
and the other by more than a half. The
committee on reduced representation, ap
pointed a year ago, was scarcely given
courteous treatment, so pronounced was
the fce'.'iig against getting farther away
from the people. Two members of the
committee presented the two proposed
plans— on making the basis of representa
tion 6000 communicants and the other
making the basis thirty-six ministers In
the presbyteries instead of twenty-four,
as at i resent. Colonel F. L. Hitchcock of
the committee, argued for the representa
tion by synods, according to membership
and declared that there was no doubt
that 672, the present membership of the
assembly, "was far too large. It was
' plain, from the " interruptions, that
Colonel Hitchcock was not on the popu
lar side, and when he -sat down expres
sions of the democratic spirit .ame out
strongly and profusely.
"They call this a mob," said Dr. Page
of Topeka, Kans. "If it is a mob, God
grant that there may be more such. God
pity the Presbyterian church with the
bulk of the wealth of the United States
in its coffers, if it cannot afford a large
assembly." "'•
"The time has not come to reduce the
assembly, and I hope it never will come,"
cried Dr. George W. P. Bierch of New-
York. ' "We ought to keep as near the
people as we can. • The backwoods pres
byteries now hold the balance of power;
I don't know what we would do without
them, they hold the balance so true."
Impressed by the strength. of the oppo
sition, a friend of reduced representation
proposed to send an overture -town to the
presbyteries asking their advice. The mo
tion was promptly laid on the table.
Dr. John W. Dinsmore of San Jose of
fered a substitute motion thanking and
discharging the committee and indeflnite
lv referring the question of reduced rep
resentation. When the vote came, there
was a mighty "Yes" and a feeKe "No."
The decision against another part of
the senate committee's report was closer.
By a vote of 184 to 168 the assembly decid
i ed not to increase from live to ten the
i number of ministers necessary to consti
tute a orttbytery.
The judicial committee reported on a
number of matters and was granted per
mission to reier to special committor tor
trial such cases as required supreme ad
judication.
The appealed case of Herman Warsa
wiack, suspended for alleged gambling
from the Fourth Avenue Church,- New
York, two years ago, was referred to a
committee.
The Rev. Mr. Backus of Kansas got a
committee to try his appeal from the
synod of that State. E. R. Day of the
presbytery of Waterloo was advised to
present his case to the synod of Iowa.
Dr. W. R. Kirkwood of Emporia. Kans.,
presented a report of the committee of the
board of education. The report held that
the expense of the board was not undue
and that it could not be reduced without
consolidation of boards, which was not
wise. The standard of ministerial educa
tion was declared not to be declining, and
the. day of shrinkage in the number of
candidates for the ministry was said to be
in the past. The re-election of the mem
bers of the board whose terms expire this
year was recommended.
The Chicago and Schuyler overtures,
calling for a commission to investigate
the whole subject of ministerial education,
were approved by the committee, and it
was recommended that a committee of not
less than eleven be appointed for that
purpose. The report was adopted intact.
The McGIffert matter was made a spe
cial order for Thursday. The feeling now
is that drastic action will be taken.
The denunciation of recent mob out
rages in the South made in the report of
the committee of freedmen was finally re
ferred to that committee for reconsidera
tion. Colonel James Rice of Peoria, 111.,
the father of the Peoria overture, aimed
at reducing the moderator's power, says
he expects vigorously to push his meas
ure. ■-.'.'-. ■'! :; .''■■
The overtures now before the committee
on bills and overtures in favor of expell
ing Congressman Roberts of Utah from
the House of Representatives are likely
to be passed by the assembly almost
unanimously if they get by the commit
tee.
Before the popular meeting to-night of
the Freedman's Board, the largest of the
meetings held under the auspices of the
assembly. Rev. H. W. Hulbert of Cleve
land, originator of the movement to raise
the $40,000 Indebtedness ot the board, an
nounced that subscriptions and appor
tionments will foot up $50,000 or $55,000. For
the first time in a generation all depart
ments of the Presbyterian church are free
from debt. It was announced, however,
that every presbytery is expected to pay
the portion of the debt apportioned to it,
as all excess above the quota which any
presbytery gives will be devoted to open
ing some of the schools which have been
been closed for lack of funds.
®+<g+®+®+<s -f®*®*®-*®*®*® +®+®+® +®+®4®+<s>*<9+®*s>+®+S>+®+®
|;■ ■ $
i Reason for 1
® -♦-
I Lbwer Carpet |
(•) '
! Prices i
t riitco I
® v
-4- We are selling out— only one reason— to I
® We are selling out — only one reason — to
® ) quit business. ♦
® v Don't want to linger— want to quit quick. |
I Carpets, many beauties— furniture, all +
I kinds— lace curtains, portieres, art squares |
® —everything for the house— quickly ex- |
® changed for cash — not much cash either • |
I —can't go broke here— prices too low. |
® Sale won't last a great deal longer— so f
® don't wait too long. £
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON, I
I ALEX. MACKAY & SON, f
; 715 MARKET STREET, .1
X , Near Call Building. ' ®
OFFER UP THINKS
FOR THEIR ESCAPE
Paris Passengers Hold
Prayer Service.
GIFT TO COAST GUARDS
SUM OF MONET RAISED FOB
DISTRIBUTION.
It Is Believed the Attempt on
Wednesday to Float the Dis
abled Liner Will Prove
Successful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 22.— A number of the
passengers of the Paris returned to
London this evening, most of them
English people who prefer to spend a
few days at home before sailing on
the American liner St. Paul. Several
others will sail for the United States
on the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
from Southampton on Wednesday.
FALMOUTH, England, May 22.— The
crew of the Paris during the day was
engaged in jettisoning the coal from
her bunkers. Divers who were recently
employed to inspect the wreck of the
Mohegan, Lave been examining the in
side of the Paris, to ascertain the ex
tent of the damage done. They dis
covered four or five large holes.
A number of the passengers of the
Paris met at the Falmouth Hotel this
evening to render thanksgiving for
their deliverance. Baron Oppenheim
of Paris and New York asked the com
pany to devote five minutes to silent
prayer, the suggestion being immedi
ately adopted, all present standing. On
the proposal of W. F. Archer of Lon
don, a collection was taken for the
coast guards, £30 being quickly con
tributed.
It is believed the next attempt to
float the Paris will be made on "Wed
nesday. Everything at present seems
favorable to success.
HUNTINGTON INSPECTS
WORK ON THE GAP
Despite the Obstacles Presented, the
Construction Force Is Being
Increased.
SANTA BARBARA. May 22.— President
Collis P. Huntington of the Southern Pa
cific Company and a party of sixteen, in
cluding Messrs. Hood, Frazier, Krutt
schnitt, H. E. Huntington, Mrs. C. P.
Huntington and others, spent Saturday
afternoon and night at the Cojo ranch
house, five miles from the San Anita
ranch, part of the Hollister estate, and
which is he only remaining obstruction
to the completion of the "gap." It was
rumored to-day that Harry .nollister.
manager of the estate, and C. P. Hun
tington had come to an agreement, but
Hollister flatly denies it. Huntington
spent his time at and nenr Surf, looking
over the work of construction at the dif
ferent railroad cam-s.
Whether or not an agreement has been
reached by the president and the ob
structionists, the forces are continually
being increased. The contractors at the
Surf end have added in the neighborhood
of fifty men and as many teams during
the last week. On Friday twenty men
came up from Los Angeles and went to
the MeCormick camp near Ellwood and
yesterday twenty-five more were added
to his force. MeCormick went to Los
Angeles to-day to engage many more
teams and men.
The MeCormick camp has Increased
from 100 to 200 men during the last five
days. It is confidently believed that all
difficulties will be settled at the mass
meeting to be held in this city to-morrow
to discuss the situation. ,
PACIFIC MAIL'S
BOOMING BUSINESS
NEW YORK, May 22.— Interests identi
fied with the property are predicting: that
the annual report of the Pacific Mail
Company, which is to be made public at
the annual meeting of the stockholders
on May 31, will make a remarkably good
showing.
In the eleven months ended March 31
the net earnings increased more than
$500,000 over the corresponding period of
the previous year, and April was, it is
said, an unusuually good month.
Already the management is figuring on
the probability of having to charter addi
tional steamers in order to keep up with
the demand for freight room.
Much talk has been heard recently re
garding the probability of increased divi
dends on Pacific Mail stock, the heavy
earnings of the past year and promising
outlook for coming months having led to
a hope that something of this kind would
be decided upon by the management at
the next dividend period. It is pointed
out that the company now has on hand a
surplus large enough to pay dividends at
the present rate for the next three years,
and it is safe to figure on earnings from
now on sufficient to pay for two steamers
which are now being constructed under a
contract to be finished in a year, and
which will cost about $3,500,000. People
close to the management of the company
are quoted as statfng that the outlook for
Pacific Mail is bright enough to warrant
raising the dividend rate to 5 per cent.
34
GAS BILLS OF
THE CITY ARE
STILL UNPAID
A Compromise May
Now Be Forced.
PERRAULT WINS A VICTORY
PRAYERS AND THREATS BY
CORPORATION COUNSEL.
Board of Supervisors Delays Action
for Another Week on Account
of Dilatory Tactics by
the Minority.
The city'F pas Mils arc Btlll unpaid, and j
*. h*» San Francisco On? and Electric Com- !
•,«nny. because of its refusal to agree to <
an equitable rate for pas. finds itself con- !
fronted with the possibility of losing I
.^methinp like $186,000 on Us pas bills for
lhe present fiscal year. The money in the j
general fund, from which the gas bills;
:.gr rapidly exhausted, and
• stlmated that by the end of the !
year there will ho a shortage in the :
of more than (100,000. Unless the ;
company's pas bills are ordered paid be
this fund is exhausted t iio company;
will stand to lose the full amount of its
bills.
For this and other reasons yesterday's j
Board of Puperviors was
rendered more than lively when it reached ;
:ho point where the consideration of the !
■ iken up. Supervisor Per
rault, on behalf of the minority, made an- i
•tier assault on the bills, and by dilatory ]
parliamentary tactics Bucceeded in having,
any final action as to the payment post- j
I for another week, liis victory was
chieved, however, without a struggle
and not until Attorney Bishop, represent
ing the gas company, had paid his compli
ments to the board, the M:iynr and all
who are held responsible for the effort to
re a lower rate for gas. He begged,
ed and threatened by turns, q
■ iclty and motives of the i
utive and the members of the '
minority and end< •■ I ;• giving utterance
veiled threat that unless the bills of
the company ;ire paid, and that quickly,
no more gas and no more electric light
will be furnished and the city will be left
In darkness.
At the last meeting of the board, when :
•lie authorization ol the g;is company's
bills for November, December, Jan vary,
February and March came up for final
Perrault moved as j
an amendment to tho resolution of au- i
inorization that the rate charged be
changed from $1 o'J per thousand feet to '
$1 10 per thousand feet. The amendment
was lost by a vote of 7 to 5, and Perrault
gave notice of a motion to reconsider the |
vote. This action hung the bills up for a j
week. Yesterday when the- motion to re- •
consider came up it was lost by the fol
ng vote:
Noes — Aigeltinger, Attridge, Black, Col-
Kalben, Holland. Phelps, 7; ayes—
Bylngton, Dt-asy, Heyer, Lackmann, i't-r
--rault. 5.
The question was then on the final pas
page of the authorizations, and PerrauU
moved to amend the authorizations by
making tbe rate to be paid for gas $i 09
instead of Jl 50. and to reduce the rate
charged for electric lights 26 percent The ;
on the amendment w;is:
Noes— Aigeltinger. Attridge, Black, Col- |
lins, }) ■Hand. Kalben, PI tyes—
Byington, Deasy, Heyer, Lackmann, Per- *
rault. 5.
Perrault th«-n pave notice of a motion to
whereby the amend
ment was lost. This gave I storm
. f dissent from the majority members, as
they realized that such action would tie i
up the bills for another week. The Mayor,
■. er, ruled the proceeding to he 1
r. In the meantime Attorney Bishop .
asked for and obtained the consent of the I
board is It. He begged the board
ort to dilatory tactics but to
take some definite and final action. He
wanted such action taken, he said, b< -
. he was led to believe the Mayor
veto the authorizations even were
they passed. If this were done it would j
give his clients an opportunity to appeal j
to the courts, a proceeding which he de- j
. to be what the gas company most
urgently desired.
Perrault suggested to Mr. Bishop that
there wa^j a matter of something more i
Than 1186,000 involved In the payment of
the bills, and if the gas company did not
come to time soon there would probably
be no money left in th<=> treasury to pay
them with. He added that the board had
put Itself on r< ■ Ing in favor of a
rnte of *1 10 for gas, but that if the gas
compa-ny showed a diposition to do the
right thing and come forward with a
proposition the board might be induced
to compromise by paying the bills at the
rate of $1 35. •
This was not what Mr. Bishop wanted.
He declared that the board Bhould author
ize the payment of the bills as presented
and allow the Mayor to veto them so that
the matter could be taken to the courts.
He said that the board could not expect
ihf> pas company to u:o on furnishing gas
ut a loss and that it would not do so.
Mayor Phelan recommended to Mr.
Bishop that he make «ome proposition to
the board for a reduction of the rate
charged, making the somewhat unneces
t-arv explanation that the dilatory tac
tics adopted by the minority were for the
purpose of forcing the company to come
to terms, it being apparent that it could
not be Induced to make a fait rate in any
other way. Bishop replied that he was
not empowered by his cli< nts to make
any such proposition as that suggested by
the Mayor and that he would not do bo.
He then madf another appeal to theboard
to pass the bills, but without avail. The
majority could see no way in which the
defensive tactics of the minority and the
rulings of the Mayor could be overcome.
As the case now stands there can be no
final action until the next meeting of the
lo.'ird, and in the meantime the amount
of available money in th>- general fund
grows beautifully lea •. if was a very bad
day for the corp i it ad the prospects
for the future are ni I ai all i ncouraging'.
United Commercial Travelers
The past senior councilors of the United
Commercial Travelers of California held
a meeting In the Grand H^tel on lust.
Saturday, organized a grand council tor
th« Btate of California and elected aa
I officers to serve for the current,
term: H. L. Judell of San Francisco,
Krand senior councilor; H. H. Yerrington
"f Loa Anp'k-s, junior councilor; Adolph
i". Boldemann of San Francisco, past
councilor; William F. Peterson of Sacra
mento, treasurer; Oscar Boldemann of
San Frani Ibco, secretary; Henry A. Ger,
--iit-9 of Los A.nß£leß, conductor; <"'!iarles J.
Simon "f San Francisco, pa«e; A. S. Ab
bott of I,ns Angeles, Bentfnei; W. J. Bar
rett and A. S. Abboti of l>os Angeles and
L. A Malson and Charts J. Simon of
San Francisco, executive committee;
Adolph < '. HuMemnnn and w. F. Peterson,
repreaentatrvea to th*? Sujireme Council.
After the new. officers had been installed
by Deputy Supreme Councilor 1,. L.
\voodrriaiiHe« . the grand pound] adjourned
to meet in Los Angeles tin May next.'
STUDIED AT ANNAPOLIS.
M. Kojima of Japan a Special Student
at the Naval School.
M. Kojlma of Tokio, Japan, is registered
nt the California, Mr. Kojima has been
a special student at the Annapolis Naval
Academy, having been admitted by a
special act of Congress on the request of
the Japan Government He was sent to
the school to become thoroughly con
versant with the custMiris in vogue in the
training of our naval men. He will report
the re.sult of his observations to hi« Gov
ernment and will most likely be placed in
charge of a similar institution to bo es
tablished In the Orient. Mr. Kojima will
••il on the steumcr Gaelic to-morrow.
STRAW BONDS
THE SUBJECT OF
INVESTIGATION
The Methods of Clerk
Kelly Exposed.
GRAND JURY IS INTERESTED
MORE INDICTMENTS AGAINST
"PETE" McGLADE.
Accused of Robbing the City While
Acting as Bookkeeper in the
Iffir.e of Superintendent
of Streets.
The numerous straw hpnds that have
been accepted by Police Court Clerk Kelly
i were the subject of investigation by the
! Grand Jury yesterday. Police Captain
Seymour was called to testify to the
worthlessness of the bonds accepted by
: the clerk of Judge Graham's court. Sey
. mour exhibited over a hundred bonds ac
; cepted by Kelly and which were pro
nounced worthless by Bond Expert New
man. In the majority of cases where
criminals were released on bonds the
names of William Gallagher and "Mike"
; Flynn, saloon-keepers, were named as
sureties. Flynn and Gallagher keep a
n on Grant avenue and Morton
' street. Kelly had an "office" in the sa
loon where he has been in the habit of
accepting bogus bonds. D. Becker and
] his brother, Abe, both of whom are sa
loon-keepers, appear3d before the Grand
i Jury and were closely questioned rela
tive to the straw bond business. It de
. veloped at the investigation that the
! Beckers have been responsible for the
release of several criminals on bonds ac
cepted by Kelly.
The brothers admitted that they had
signed their names to bonds for the re
' lease of a number of prisoners for politi
; cal reasons.
"It is this way," declared D. Becker,
. who conducts a saloon at 5 Mason street.
"We are not in business for oiir health.
! In every rase where I went as surety on
! a bond I did so as a matter of business.
When a frequenter of my saloon had the
' misfortune to' bo arrested I gladly con
-1 sented to become one of the bondsmen
rather than have him stay in jail over
night."
Becker admitted that he "went good
for s.-veral female lonizens of the ten-,,
derloin who were arrested for transgress
ing the law.
Charles Lederer. whose name appears
' on a number of bonds which were ac
i cepted by Clerk Keily, was also closely
questioned. He admitted that he was on
friendly terms with Kelly and did not
hesitate when necessary to ask him to ac
tept him as a surety on a bond. Lederer
, frankly confessed that he was paid for
his services, frequently receiving as much
as VJfl to sign his name to a bond for the
release of a woman charged with grand
larceny.
By dint of inquiry the Grand Jury has
learned that in many cases where crim
inala have been released the necessary
bonds were, not furnished until the day
: following their temporary discharge from
custody. In one Instance it was shown
1 that a notorious woman named Flossie
1 O'Brien, who is known as the queen <>i
pl( kpockets, was released on an order
signed by Clerk Kelly five minutes after
she had been arrested. The following
morning the necessary bonds were fur
-1 nished and placed on record in the court.
"Billy" Gallagher, when questioned be
fore the Grand Jury, acknowledged that
I he had a number of blank bail bonds and
orders of discharge h a desk in bis sa
loon. As soon as one of his customers
was arrested he would have Clerk Kelly
make out an order for the release of his
friend. He emphatically denied that he
I was aware that Kelly was in the habit
! of issuing an order of discharge before
the requisite bonds were furnished.
At the conclusion of the investigation
■ into the straw bond business the Grand
Jury again took up the cases of Peter Mc-
Glade, the ex-bookkeeper in the office of
the Superintendent of Streets. After a
short investigation they returned two ad
'> dttional indictments against the disgraced
• official.
It is understood that the indictments
are for forgery in collecting money from
' the city on "dummy" warrants.
/\iCcsza ".
"In Mlzzoura," Gus Thomas' sue
■ cessful play, was presented at the Alca
■ zar last night and there was scarcely a
1 vacant seat. It bids fair to score as great
■ a popularity as It did last September. The
: simple homely life of the dwellers in Pike
County, Mo., interrupted by the introduc
tion of a stage-robber and the consequent
i upheaval in the family circle of the vil
: lage blacksmith was well portrayed by
I the stock company. Ernest Hastings
i gave another proof of. his versatility as
Jim Radburn, the Sheriff of the county,
, and scored a pronounced success. He was
quiet and effective throughout. One of
' the best bits of character work seen on
the Alcazar stage for a long time was
the 'Lizbeth Vernon of Miss Maybelle
Bowman. She made a decided hit and
was ably seconded by Clarence Montaine
as .Dave. Charles Bryant as Joe Vernon,
, the blacksmith: George I. Webster as
: Robert Travers, Howard Scott as Colonel
Bellinger. Miss Adelaide Fitzallen as
i Kate Vernon, Miss Marie Howe as Mrs.
Joe Vernon and Miss Laura Crews as
j Em'ly Radburn. The play was well
■ staged.
Orpheum.
Moung Toon and Moung Chet, the Bur
mese jugglers, who ply their craft with
out the aid of. their hands, are the sensa
tion of the four new turns at the Or
pheum. These gentlemen ■on the road
from Mandilay wear ,the native summer
costume, a bib for the loins, a turban and
India-ink decorations on the upper
! part ct the legs— nothing else. With their
feet, lcga, head and shoulders they do
tricks in Jugglery that ordinary ball-toss
i ers would be glad to do with the assist
' ance of aU of their hands. Th-j act is
absolutely new to this country, and tre
, mendously entertaining. Billy Van, the
reformed minstrel, is. the best of the oth
.er new-comers. He has a batch of new
stories, , one of which, is suggestive but
undeniably clever. Montgomery and
Stone repeat the rag songs and dances
and monkey imitations that won them a
hit some time ago, and the Donovans do
one of those fixture "josh" dialogues in
; which the woman's face, form and hair
are made the butts of the man's podgy
Jocularity. ' '. .• ■:■-■')
J\\z Ghu^es. v
To the satisfaction of a large audience
' "Waldo and Elliot, contortionists, did
I ■some wonderfully crooked work hanging
ito a trapeze at the Chutes last night.
Martin Franklyn, parodist and dancer, the
! Morrells. banjoists, and a clever little girl
j called "Maudle," on the programme, were
I also new and successful in obtaining ap
-1 plause. • On Thursday night an amateur
minstrel show will be given.
Th* Krveisel Quartet.
The Knelsels are coming and will be
'■ heard at the Sherman and Clay Hall next
; Friday night and Saturday afternoon. The
I sale of seats is now progressing with a
large demand. ___
0 v} t pi \.
The Olympia has the four Salvinis,
whose feats, in the acrobatic line won
many favors for them last night. The
Hartwell Sisters, acrobatic dancers,
scored well, and Way and Maltland got
several encores on Miss Maitland's coon
j songs. The rest of the bill Is from last
j .week, _ .-:-.•-; Yyk<\v (<■-. ''■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 23, 1899.
BLEND OF PARLOR
MELODRAMA AND
SPRY CYNICISM
Kelcey and Shannon
in Fitch's Play.
THE TIVOLI'S "MANDARIN"
SOUTHWELL COMPANY IN "THE
GYPSY BARON."
Burmese Jugglers at the Orpheum
Who Work Without Hands.
"In Mizzoura" Again at
the Alcazar.
"The Moth and the Flame," which
Herbert Kelcey and Effie Shannon
presented in the Columbia Theater
last night to an unusually la/ge and
modish audience, is, in the main, very
much like the pictures of it that you
see on the billboards. That scene in
the church— where the villain at the
altar in the act of wedding the spotless
heroine when the ceremony is parted
in the middle by the entrance of the
other woman and her fatherless child —
is played just as advertised. Mr. Kel
cey does strike his cast-off victim a
cruel blow on the brow, and the girl
who is about to become his bride utters
a withering "Coward!" The plot and
the main situations remind you for
cibly of Miss Laura Jean Libby. Mr.
David Belasco himself has never suc
ceeded in being more Laura Jeanish
than Clyde Fitch is in his play. But—
and hei;e comes the difference and the
reason why some 2000 intelligent play
goers gave warrh attention to "The
Moth and the Flame" last night— Mr.
Fitch has set these yeliow-back situa
tions to an accompaniment of keen,
smart, American humor. His absurdly
serious characters are countered by
others that axe candidly flippant, im
pertinent and cynical. These latter con
tribute an almost constant run of spry
comment and raillery. They forestall
you in the gentle business of jeers and
sarcastic laughter. In fact, Mr. Fitch
has written a little audience of his own
that saves the one out in the audi
torium a lot of trouble and gives it a
lot of merriment. A very ingenious bit
of playwriting.
So I will not venture to take Mr.
Fitch's seriousness too seriously. The
villain, who starts out to be
the very plausible smoothy that
you would call by another
name, soon blossoms out in the
regular conventional colors of malevo
lence. After the pugilistic episode in
the church he still pursues the girl and
threatens her with the secret of her re
cently suicided father's defalcations;
and when this matter is congenially
baffled he sadly leaves for Europe, first
giving his name to the woman whom he
has betrayed and their child. It would !
be too much to ask Mr. Kelcey, or any j
other actor whose personality is a pop- '
ular fixture, to forego some sort of an !
amicable compromise at the end; and
anyway this bit of reparation is quite J
in keeping 1 with the suddennesses that
have preceded it. Indeeed, this ending
is a gem when you think how much
worse Mr. Fitch might have done. He
might have reformed Mr. Kelcey en
tirely at the twelfth hour and given
him Miss Shannon's hand anl forgive
ness. In the present arrangement she
does not need it, for the impulsive
youth whose love and warning she had
scorned in the earlier scenes is confi
dently ready and waiting as the last
curtainfalls^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
And this is not the only forbearance
on the part of the author. He has not
clothed the Injured lady in black al
paca; and she does not speak of the
fruits of her love as "me-cheild"; and
the youngster does not invade the altar
crying "Popper!"
The comedy part is really admirable.
At times you are reminded in a modest
way of Oscar Wilde. The lines glitter
like bright tin pans. There is a cer
tain modern social swing in the talk at
the ball (adults in children's costume —
very droll conceit after the mode of
Pinero) at the interrupted wedding, and
in fact, in the last act, too. In the
lighter characters epigrammatic imper
tinence is given full swing and many
of the sallies are memorable. The most
of the wit-work falls to a Mrs. Lorri
mer, twice married and divorced and
looking for more. Miss Marion Abbott
has this part, which Is quite the catchi
est in the play, and she makes it de
lightful with her large contralto hu
mor. She was easily the belle of the
party last night. Miss Leila Ellis has
another part in much the same vein,
which she handles successfully, and
Miss Winona Shannon gives contrast
The Power of Storm.
The Cayman Islands in the West Indies were
nearly overwhelmed by the recent storm. Even
apparently secure* things are not safe. 'Even
if you have health be on your guard. Dis
ease works stealthily lt undermines and trou
ble occurs where it Is least expected. An oc
casional dose of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
will keep the bowels regular, the stomach sweet
and disease nt bay. If you have Indigestion
arc! constipation try It. It cures.
r ~SaSasaS2SZSZSaiSESESE3ESESaSZS22SES2S2SHSHS3g
j «c^»jm™.^B*, 1 0
BEECHAM'S
BMiMBf M (85* Curo indigestion,
I > BHL!L-iS& Constipation, fl
I 10 cents and 25 cents, at all drag stores. JO
DR. MEYERS
■^^f^^^"% SPECIALISTS
%$%& V FOR MEN.
/sta^ cf <v'^"J Established 18 Vo.irs.
*f 2jis^|j> PAY WHEN CURED.
V'Ssftl if -1 1- cnar^ e ' or consul-
'\Wilw/ 5 tatlon. Home cures
Vwu''"- /r^7?wKs!w\» a ' rinl ' v - Private
IWi^^^rTW hook - diagnosis shr'.-t
A«K' f ! i^ii and advice free by
'fH^^£lfe 731 Market St., S.F
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleeu, Stricture*
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. . .
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Writ's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged -by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. • CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples and purify the blood, ,
in a little role that is fitted to her sym
pathetic smile.
Miss Effle Shannon is not at her most
as the interrupted bride. The part re
quires either less legitimate effort or
more out-and-out melodrama. As it is
not in Miss Shannon's temperament to
give the latter, she would do better to
play with less obvious emotion. Her
rendition last night was neither one
thing nor the other. It was not strenu
ous enough for melodrama, and it was
tod artificially cadenced for the oppo
site qualities of repression and sugges
tion. 1 don't know just how to be just
to Mr. Kelcey. His part is very trying.
It is too inconsistent even for human
nature as we see it off the stage. It
has the making of an accomplished
villain early in the game, but it peters
out woefully as the piece advances.
Considering this, you must give the
actor credit for making as much out
of it as he does. I can think trf only
one improvement, and that would be
for Mr. Kelcey not to take the audience
into his confidence by means of know
ing winks. The lines themselves are
quite obvious enough for the densest o-f
us. It is a pity for Herbert Kelcey
ever to forget that in a certain line of
varnished parts he is one of the most
valuable men on the modern stage.
The company is a large one and gen
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- :
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Rowling Alley and
! Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with |
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses ?
and -Ponies.
I OVER SO KINDS OP MINERAL SPRINO3. j
Physician In attendance: superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
, small game plentiful: magnificent drives; ,
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $8; via Callstoga. $9.
I Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
! Take 8. F. &N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For Illustrated pam-
I phlet or further Information address J. CRAI».
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL. or sea
, L. D CRAIG. 116 Montgomery st.
Highland .Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster «t«., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post *t., San Francisco.
HOT SPRINGS
Sonoma County: only 4»A hours from San
Francisco and but 9 hilles 1 staging: waters
' noted for medicinal virtues: beat natural bath
in State: swimming and boating: grand moun-
: tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon |
etages round trip from San Francisco only I
; $5 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3t*o
' p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
'■. erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
ROWABDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. ON SAN LOR- [
enzo River, 3H hours from S. P.; 40 mln- %
lire* from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing, fishing and golf links; elegant hall and
dining room; club, billiard and smoking rooms; [
new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel- i
ephone. Round trip. $5. Address W . E. \EA-
ZIE. Lessee, South Ben Lomond;
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
; champagne baths. Only place In the world of
| this class of waters having continuous flow of
' natural warm water direct from springs to
j bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
j first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Opening of new hotel; 1 all modern Improve-
ments": running water and gas in every room.
A most picturesque spot and charming climate. I
Mineral springs without their equal in Amerl- j .
ca. Easy staging, telephone and daily mall, j :
Rates $10 to $-14 ■ per week. Special - reduced |
i rates for small cottages. Write J. MARTENS.
' Prop., or F. A. BUSSE, 416 Pine St.. city.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
| excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring. ■ - ■ •
BROOK.SIDE.
The beautiful new resort at the head of i
Napa Valley is row open. First-class ac- !
commodations, hot and cold water, gaa. baths,
mineral springs. For health, scenery climate '
1 and beautiful drives It is unsurpassed. Write I
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop., Cal-
lstoga. Cal. : •
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten dally trains ,
each way. Open to guests during June and ,
July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
HOTEL BENVENUE
i And cottages, Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
; new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
: fine bowling alley and shuf fleboard ; swimming, ;
i boating, elegant yacht free; children's play- ;
i ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. 4
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS!
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND 4
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY } ST., KEEPS i
the pamphlets of all principal California I
Resorts tor FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub- j
lie are oordlally invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. *
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the ' place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions. $1. For circulars address H. I*. 1 MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor. Cal. .
KLAMATH hot springs
(Beswlck. Slsklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors. .
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
In Lake Co. gas indoors and out. • '
H. WAMBOLD.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH. -
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. : E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale, CaL
Free carriage. , , "t. •;>■,'.
erally competent, the scenes are in good
taste, and altogether the performance
has many attractive features.
ASHTON STEVENS.
TVoii
No better example of the versatility of
Reginald tie Koven and Harry B. Smith
can be found than in their latest produc
tion, "The Mandarin," on this week and
doubtless for another week at the Tivoli.
The introductory performance of this
comic opera was given last night and was
received with enthusiasm. A little nerv
ousness was manifested by the players
during the first act, but. on the raising of
the curtain on the second players and
audience alike became enthused and the
piece was well rounded out.
"The Mandarin" is a Chinese opera, al
though the general entanglement and
final unraveling of the plot plainly be
speaks the American author. The story
presents a Mandarin of Fuchau, China,
who has the misfortune to closely resem
ble the town vagabond. Fan Tan. Fan
Tan is the possessor of a beautiful wife,
to whom he is devoted; but frequently he
leaves his love for brawls that last for a
period of days. During one of these
brawls and his consequent absence from
home the Mandarin passes his humble
cottage, and being told of the beauty of
i 1
Livery stable near by i
the Paso Robles Springs — ]
go out for long or short i[
drives — down the river — ]
up the mountain — across i]
the valley. I 1
i
Winding drives;!
of Paso Robles.
i 1
Visit the old San Miguel
Missions, 7 miles away ; ;!
Santa Ysabel Springs and 1]
mineral lake — over a hard ]i
road from the hotel. ( [
Otto E. Never. Prop. City Office. I.
Paso Roblee, Cal. 636 Market st. i |
The New
Vendome
Rebuilt and ready; thirty-six
new suites in addition to former
accommodations, each with bath
and toilet. Complete new fur-
nishings throughout.
Headquarters for Mt. Hamil-
ton visitors.
GEORGE P. SNELL, San Joee,
Manager. Cal.
niniion HOT pprixgs - - Thu
Uflvfllxll l<eF >utiful summer and
iHflHlllll v - i:lter resort. now
I 111111 l VW owned and managed by
DR. J. PKKRAL'LT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds,
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or other?
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st.. S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
The hatel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and Improved— competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., S. F., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months nnd for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs. Cal.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
Most Popular Resort on the Pacific
Coast. Take S. P. Ferryboat, foot of
Market st., 9 a. m. or f> p. m. Only 3
hours' ride. No staging. Carriage
meets you at the train. Fine Hotel.
Hnt Mineral Baths cure Rheumntlsm.
Ad<rre=a A. BETTENS. Manager.
Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda. Sulphur. Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class ; table good:
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
moets morning trains md Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark Wrst Springs, Sonoma
Co.. Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln st.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
HOWELL MOUNTAIN,
A lovely home one mile from Angwin's Hotel-
about 11"> acres; g acres hay land; 7 acres full'
bearing vineyard; fine spring, also well supplied
by n. spring; house, barn and outbuildings-
adapted for summer resort. Apply to MRS H
T. WAGELAND, St. Helena. Napa Co.. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
VV ILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET
" homelike manner, i 'th one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 ncr week. Round
trip, %'J 50. S. F. and N. P. to tjklah: thence by
stage. Address J. WIL' ON. Hertha Lake
County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS^
Two ;nlles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages
Terms, |io to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland, Cad.
the vagabond's wife decides to woo and
win her, hut not to wed her, as he has
already his allotted number of wives,
twelve, and should he marry another he
would encroach upon the right of the
Emperor, who alone has thirteen in his
home circle, and would suffer the penalty
of his life. So the Mandarin disguises him
self as the vagabond and calls upon the
benuuful wife of his double, and she. be
lieving he is her husband, to his great
joy throws herself in his arms. She then
introduces him to the twins, and puts
an iced rag around his head. This is. all
very pleasant for him, but unfortunately
his valet leaves his royal robes lying
around, and Fan Tan. when he returns
home, gets into them, is discovered thusly
by the Mandarin's guardian and to his
great disgust is carried away to the pal
ace to be caressed by the Mandarin's'
twelve wives and score of children. In
the meantime the Mandarin has been ar
rested and cast into prison for the vaga
bond's sins, and his wife in searching, for
him finds herself in the palace, where she
announces herself as his wife. This brands
him as the proprietor of thirteen wives.
and as the Emperor is informed of his
crime by a lover of one of the twelve, he
is cast into prison to await his fate. The
Mandarin has also become as seriously
entangled and as both are about to be
beheaded a fourteenth wife of the Em
peror is discovered and he is called upon
to prosecute himself for treason. As this
would mean the death of himself he par
dons all hands and "all live happily ever
afterward." . _.
The libretto is witty and new. The sing
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling.- Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept.- 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf. Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market st., San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc *
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
The Place for f\ nriTJ A TJTVn the FOOT- !
BESTand ORCHARD*}"-*.
HEALTH SPRINGS »™BS.
" nVM the C. P.R.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
• • 136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet. !
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
Get out of
the wind — get to
/Etna Springs.
2 trains daily— 7:3o a. m., 4 p. m. Round trip
$7, Includes private carriage to Springs. W. L.
MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ," CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, LO- |
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of. beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and, music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad- |
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTT. .
Th« Best In the VL/orlcJ.
HOTEL. COTTAGES and GROUNDS light- !
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year j
round. Sulphur. Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly- '■
sis. Skin Diseases ' and Kidney, Liver and'
Stomach troubles. Long ■ distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Dally stage from
Callstoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; -cottages, tents, hunting and fish- !
Ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming; !
long distance telephone; campers' return tick- <
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for !
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS, Gienwood Cal. !
, i
RfIPA HfITFI The S rand «st resort In the
DUCA lIUICL- sierra Nevadas for the '
hunter and fisherman; pleasant sunny rooms, ;
good boating on lake; boats free to guests;
prices reasonable, IS to $10 per week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee I
River trout are unequaled in California- W. J.
McDonald, Manager.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs. Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished !
E-room cottages; good boating, fishing and I
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water for all diseases In America: camping
ground and mineral 'water free. Apply to Dr. j
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021V4 Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh. San Francisco.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley ' Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS. Traffic Dept..
321 Market St., San Francisco.
MENDENHALL MINERAL SPRINGS.
Open under new management, on cottage
plan; 2000 feet above sea; average heat, 75 ;
degrees Stage connects with trains at Liver- i
more at 2:16 p. m. Entire fare from San Fran- ,
Cisco, $2 50. For particulars address DR. :
FRANK PITT. Proprietor, Llvermore. Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful secnery and drives; unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing in California; excel-
lent table, $7 F.O per week; fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests: dally malls. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI. SO9 Call build-
ing, San Francisco.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from 8. F., via Tlh-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co., Cal.. 1
WDITP >v - H. MILLER. Uklah Stables, for
TT fill C economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Mendo-
clno counties. Stage for Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell. Saratoga ' Springs, . Witter ; Spring's ► and
Upper Lake. ■..-. - ■ . • . .
ing is wood, the music catchy, showing
study on the part of the composer to.
master the Oriental idea of harmonyj
Wallace Shaw (as the Mandarin) . Edwiil
Stevens (as the vagabond*. \J .»»»a m V^M,
ette (as the Emperor of Chtrra). mil
Branson. Anna Lfcnter. Annie ii NTyers and
Ynez Dean were rewarded by frequent
applaus*.
Cjrand Opera-House.
The "Gypsy Baron" scored a success at
the Grand Opera house last night. Not
withstanding that it was its first produc
tion by the Southwell Opera Company, it
was well presented, nearly every solo and
chorus being heartily encored. The com
pany perform.', l their parts tree trom the
restraint which usually marks first-night
performances. Thomas Persse made the
best of the title role. William Wolff, as
Kalman Zsupan. sustained a clean com
edy vein, Edith Mason as Sam. the SYPsy
glrL was at her best, and Hattie Bell
Ladd won merited applause as ( zypra,
the old gypsy.
The fUie linale to the first act went
through without a hitch, and the meet
ing of the gypsies in the second act
brought out many of the excellent parts
of the piece. The drills in the last act
constituted a fitting close and the audi
ence went away highly pleased. The
seenerv was striking and appropriate.
On next Monday night "Prlficess Nico
tine " Lillian Russell's famous Casino pro
duction, will be staged for the first time
in this city.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along: the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail--
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along .J
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at .Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in.
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will ">e
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville, representing- the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations. '.-•
.To and from all these points double
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office, 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office, Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass : Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
ThJp delightful watering place la located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold 1
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral ,
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
Elections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trio
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1- Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also In new cottages, Just
completed.
7VIRS. A. T. MoORE,
' - .' BELVEDERE.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs,
Natural hot mineral baths. Good ■ country
board. Rates •$6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY, Calistoga, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood . scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F., for par-
ticulars. '
TAUT CD in- Most beautiful spot In Lake
VAHL3DAU County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all el."»
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County. ■ ■
"'£'£ TOCALOMA. M & IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing:: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor. 58 Third st. . San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS. v
J. R. Morris, Prop.. Napa County. Cal. Bur» " *
cure fcr dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St Helena. The water la bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural gaa.
Stage leaves St. Helena. .
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
CAMP OPENS JUNE IST.
See DAVID A. CURRY at the Valley Road
Office, 321 Market st., San Francisco.
GLENWOOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS, SANTA CRU2
M't'ns; 5 minutes' walk from' depot; milk,
poultry, fruit, iron springs; dßs throughout
telephone and telegraph. Round trip, $2 50; $3 to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN, Glenwood, Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACB
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County, Cal.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
• ' ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch, s miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home in
the redwoods; running water; abundance of
fruit; good table; terms. $5 per week; children
under 10. 13. Address W. CitANDELL. Santa
Cruz, Cal.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond.
10 miles from Santa Cruz, ■ with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer resort: best drives in the State;
special rates to families; charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga: newly fur-
nished; good table: Congress Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6, Saratoga. \
ANY ore looking for nice, quiet, comfortable ■
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co.. Cal. *
ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations et
Manzanlta Villa, •.-■■. ■CHILDREN TO
HAVE PUBLIC
PLAYGROUNDS
Business Men Pledge
Their Support.
TO AID CALIFORNIA CLUB
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION IN
ANNUAL SESSION.
♦ —
Elects a New Board of Directors and
Gives Further Evidence of Its
Appreciation of the City's
Needs.
The Merchants' Association met in an
nual session in Academy of Sciences Hall
last night for the purpose of electing a
hoard of directors for the ensuing year ,
and receiving the annual report of the
retiring hoard. Incidentally the associa
tion devoted a large portion of the eve
ning to a discussion of the subject of .
children's public playgrounds, the estab
lishment of which is being strongly ad
vocated by the ladies of the California
Club. A large delegation from that or- !
ganization was] present by invitation and
they presented their rap.- so eloquently
that the support of the association was '■
pledged and President ihrman was In
structed to appoint a committee of five j
to meet with the department of educa- |
tion of the club for the purpose of fur- i
* *" f) laiii — t&t — VgtiV' ■ I
thering the project.
. According to the directors' port, which
was read by Secretary J. Richard Freud, !
the association, which was organized five j
years ago with a charter membership of
forty-seven, now boasts of a membership
of 1057 and a surplus of J::7::i 41. The re
port refers with pride to the work accom- !
plished by the association during the past '
year and particularly to the progress
of the movement to secure the repave
ment of the streets in the central portion j
of the city and to its efforts in connection i
with the framing of the new charter. Mu
nicipal ownership of a lighting plant is
advocated, as is the perfection of a sci
entific sewerage system. In conclusion
the report announces that in connection
with the question of the next tax levy
with which the association is at present
occupied, a future municipal plan for the
economic management of the city's affairs
and at the me time make possible
many projected improvements, is being i
formulated which will be submitted to ail
the political parties for their endorse
ment.
The. following board of directors, rec
omended by the Dominating committee,
was adopted unanimously: A. S. Baldwin, |
Wallace Bradford. Charles Bundschu, An- ,
drew M. Davis, F. W. Dohrmann, Joseph
D. Grant, Marshal Hale, Hugo D. Keil,
Daniel V. Kelly, Edward B. Pond, John !
E. yuinn, Hugo Rothschild, W. R. Sher
wood, Frank J. Symmes an.l Rolla V. :
Watt.
President Dohrmann then introduced
Mrs. A. D. Sharon, chairman of the de
partment of education of the California
Club, as the first speaker, on the subject
of public playgrounds for the children of
the city. .Mrs. Sharon made an eloquent
plea for the little folks and aroused great
enthusiasm by the vivid picture she drew
of the evil consequences of the neglect
to which the youth of the city are sub
jected and the dangers and temptations
with which they are daily beset by being
compelled t<> pass all their leisure hours
on the streets, subject to no restraining
influence?. She declared that much of the '
evil and lawlessness among the city pop- I
ulation was directly traceable to the
seeming indifference of the people gener- i
ally to the physical and moral welfare of
their offspring. In effect, she said the i
street was a hool of crime, where the 1
natural tendencies of the child were per
verted and criminal habits fostered and
developed. She then sketched the history
of the movement for the establishment of i
children s public playgrounds, which was !
inaugurated in this country about eleven 1
years ago at Boston, and proceeded to il- \
lustrate the great benefit:- which have re- '■
sulted in every city where the play- !
grounds are maintained. Philadelphia. >
New York. Brooklyn, Chicago and nearly
all the large cities in the East had emu
lated the example of Boston, or were pre- i
paring to do so, and the results every
where are shown in a wonderful decrease ;
in the number of juvenile offenders :
against the laws. Her remark that pub- i
lie playgrounds were more economical i
than jails was loudly applauded. In con
clusion Mrs. Sharon told •■• the experi
mental playground recently established
by the club on Bush street, near i ESS?
the success of which had already been
satisfactorily demonstrated and she an
pealed to the association to assist the club
;n establishing a playground south of
Mark' J stre< •
Dr. Dorothea Moore, chairman of the
civic department, followed with a brief
address along the same lines, and de- :
scribed the working of the plan in opera- :
tion n Chicago, where she resided before
locating in this city. Short addresses were
also made by President Mrs. Loveil
nh L te^ H rs V A ' L ' Mann .and Mrs. Krebs
on behalf of the club. reos
D. V Kelly championed the cause of
the club and quoted statistics to show th«
necessity for some such reform In the
methods of training the future citizens of'
the city. He said the report of 'the Chief
of Police for the year just ended showed i
that W)0 children had been arrested in
this city in twelve months, 10 per cent of :
all arrests other than those directly trace- '
able to drunkenness. In New York the
number of arrests of boys under 16 year«
for a similar period was 14,000.
"Wherever playgrounds have been es
tablished." said the speaker, "the decrease :
In the arrests of children has amounted to
30 per cent. In Boston $200,000 is annually
spent In the. maintenance of public play
grounds for the children ana it is con
sidered exceedingly well spent."
Mr. Kelly thought San Francisco should
he well provided in this respect in view of !
the number of parks and vacant lots in i
the city which are at present bring put to I
»b*olutrly no use. A. S. Baldwin thought |
th<* association should pledge itself to
provide the playgrounds asked for south
of Market street, Other directors were of
the same opinion. It was admitted that
in view of the state of the city's finances j
th^re was but little chance of securing
aid from the Board of Supervisors, and
finally on motion of Director Bundschu a
resolution was adopted pledging the as
sistance of the. association to the club
and directing the president to appoint a
committee of five to confer on the sub
ject with the department of education
repreenting the club. The joint commit
tee will meet in the club rooms in the Y.
M. C. A. building Monday afternoon at
4 o'clock. .
Ocenn Water Tub Baths.
101 Beventß ttreet. corner Mission. S«Ut
Fighting for Her Share.
Tho account of <;irri.- L. Dick and Wal
lace Mi Cowle, as trustees of tho r-cfate
of the late Emma L. Cowie, Is now before
Judge Coffey for settlement and the trus
in experiencing some difficulty in
that line.. Mrs. Ida A. Tripp. a sister of
• L. Dick, was on hand when the
■ was railed yesterday for tho pur
ontesting several of the largest
item? in xh< account, set forth as ex
tures for P'-rmanent improvements
on estate properties.
Trunks move/I, 2."c; freight transferred. Sig
nal Transfer Co., MO Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
Ungallant Sailors.
Mrs. Catherine Gregoriussen, 8H Third
Bwore to a complaint in Judge
Lin's court yesterday for the arr> «i
■ Captain Jansen and tho mato of the
schooner Fourth of July on the
■ of battery. She said she visited
::-tf-r on Saturday and found the two
f='-iinen thore. She told her slstor that.
bould be more particular as to whom
■-sriHMPd with, and both mariners
attacked her and gay her a severe beat
ing, blackening both her eyes.
THE GRAIN SCHEDULE
IS NOT RESCINDED
Blunder Committed by Lawyer Herrin,
Blackstock and Laumeister De
feats the Railroad
Scheme.
SOME one connected with the law
department of the Southern Pa
cific has blundered, and the blun
der places Commissioners Black
st"fk and Laumeister in a sorry
plight These Commissioners, in their
hast*' to obey the commands of \V. F.
Herrin. did not inform themselves of
the fact that the preceding Board of
Railroad Commissioners not only
adopted a series of resolutions reducing
rates, but in order to make the reduc
tion effective subsequently framed and
adopted a schedule of rates. Lau
meister and Blackstock. on May 9,
voted to rescind the resolutions
adopted by the old Board of Commis
sioners on September 14, 1595, but did
not rescind or suspend the schedule of
reduction which the board adopted on
September 16. 1895. in order to make the
resolutions effective.
The injunction against the eight per
'• nt grain reduction has been dis
missed by request" of the Southern Pa
cific Company, and the grain schedule
adopted by the old Board stands as it
stood on the day that the Southern Pa
cific Company received the twenty
days' notice of its adoption.
Following is a copy of the Blackstock
rescinding resolution adopted by the
present Board of Railroad Commis
sioners on May 10. 1899:
Whereas, On the 9th day of May,
IW. the Railroad Commission "f the
State of California passed and adopted
a resolution amending a resolution
by said board passed and adopted
April 24, 1599, repealing and rescinding
the resolutions adopted by said board
on the 13th and 14th days of Septem
ber, lS9n. providing for a reduction of
grain rates, etc.. and
Whereas. The board is of the opinion
that the case now pending in the Cir
cuit Court of the United States known
as the 'grain rate" case should be set
tled and the injunction against the
board be dissolved: but that the same
shall be done without further cost to
the State;
It is now therefore ordered and re
solved, that the Attorn-- General "f
the State of California be am! hereby
is instructed to secure a dismissal of
said case as soon as such dimissal can
be obtained, and upon the conditions
as to costs as herein indicated.
The resolution was adopted by the
votes of Blackstock and Laumeister,
Edson voting in the negative.
When C. P. Huntington hears of this
THE JAPANESE TRAINING-SHIP HIVE.
TRAINING SHIP
OF THE MIKADO
AGAIN IN PORT
Cruiser Hiyei Anchors
in the Harbor.
+
The Japanese training ship Hiyei ar
rived from Puget Sound yesterday. This
• is her second visit to this port with boys
and men learning the business of war.
About four years ago she came here from
Hawaii and after remaining in port a
month. proceeded north. On this occasion
she went direct to the Sound from Yoko
hama and from here will 'go to Honolulu.
The Hiyei is a composite vessel and be
j fore she became a schoolship was classed
as a "belted cruiser." She was built at i
j Milford Haven, England, in IS7S, and is of
! 2280 tons displacement. She is 231 feet
i long, 41 feet beam and 17 feet 5 inches
draft. She is bark rigged, but her en- '
gines, of 2270 Indicated horsepower, are ;
supposed to drive her at a speed of 13
knots. No attempt s ever made to get
j that speed out of her, however, and If
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 23, 1899.
blunder there will be music in the yel
low building. The excuse that Railroad
Commissioners Laumelster and Black
stock adopted the rescinding order will
not go down. These Commissioners
went to Herrin's house to rehearse,
I and the head of the law department
should have taught them that the grain
schedule of September 25th should have
been revoked. How Herrln and his as
sistants happened to overlook the im
portant part of their work cannot be
explained at this time. Referring to
The Call of September 15, 1595, the fol
lowing is found among the general
resolutions providing for the reduc
tion:
Resolved, That this board proceed at
its earliest convenience to adopt a re
vised schedule of rates in accordance
herewith, in order that the same may
be in force on or before January 1,
l^9i» . and be it further
Resolved, That if the necessities of
the case so require this board will at
once proceed to the ascertainment of
the proportion of reduction due any
commodity which by reason of its na
ture requires to be moved between
now and the date herein fixed of the
taking effect of said general reduction.
The Call of October 9, 1895, respond
ing to the public demand for informa
tion regarding the reduction, made this
statement:
"The printed copy of the reduced
grain rate was served on the company
September 26, and therefore the new
rate does not go into effect until Oc
tober 16. The twenty days' notice be
gins to run only after a printed copy
of the schedule has been served on the
company."
The foregoing information was avail
able, Uut the Southern Pacific lawyers
and the two Southern Pacific commis
sioners were soanxious to undo the work
of the former board that they struck
at the first thing in sight.
Robert Y. Hayne, in his argument be
fore the United States Circuit Court,
clearly cited the distinction betweeen
the general resolutions and the sched
ule. This is tht- language used:
"So there is a provision that the
rates do not take effect until the twen
tieth day after the service of the
schedule, and that, of course, presup
poses that a schedule has been made.
But as to grain rates, there has been a
service of the schedule. As to the other
25 per cent reduction, the board has not
she. jogs along at an average of 8 knots
everybody aboard is satisfied. It took her
five days to come down here from Ta
coma.
Captain Nakayama is in command of
the Hiyei and has under him 15 officers,
58 midshipmen and 250 men. She will re
main here for several Weeks and the^erew
will be given shore liberty to-day. Some
of the officers came ashore yesterday.
They are a fine looking lot of men and
much above the average height of Jap
anese.
' The' British ship G. W. Wolff had a ter
rible time of it off the Horn during the
voyoge from Puget Sound to Cork. She
left Tacoma on December 24 with 57,154
centals of wheat valued at $55,250, shipped
by Gibson & Kerr. She arrived at Cork
on May 12 and was ordered to Antwerp.
The latter port was reached yesterday
and then the Dews of her troubles was tel
egraphed to. the Merchants' Exchange
here. Captain Barker says that the 1
weather was something unusual even for
the "Cape of Storms." The wind blow
with hurricane force and the G. W. Wolff
was thrown on her beam ends. The oar
go shifted, sails were blown out of the
bolt ropps, th.> cabin doors were smashed
in and the cabin tin >«]od ; the deckhouses
were damaged and the men's belongings
washed out of them: the hatch covers and
all things movable on deck were washed
overboard and when a sounding could be
made there was 10 feet of water in the
hold. The Wolff weathered the storm and i
reached Cork in the fair time of 139 days.
Both Captain Barker and his ship are
well known in San Francisco. %
The steamer Roanoke will sail for Pug.M
Sound to enter the Klondike trade in a
few days. Captain Kidston and Chief Of
ficer "Ferguson, who commanded the yes- !
sol when she was a transpo" " •■; .will go to
Norton Sound, on hep as passe: kers. Cap
tain Weaver and <'hijf Officer Spiers, late |
of the Valencia, will :'ake the vessel out. .;
Chief Steward Schubert will look after
the commissariat of the Roanoke. It was {
originally the intention 1 to run the- Roan- j
oke between Seattle and Dyea, but now
yet made any schedule. The conse
quence is that the 25 per cent reduction
has not yet gone into effect. As to
that, the action is entirely future. In
that regard the bill alleges as follows:
That, pursuant to said resolution,
said defendants have prepared sched
ules of grain rates in accordance
therewith, and on the L'6th day of Sep
tember. 1895, served the same upon
your orator, and are proceeding to pre
pare schedules of rates upon all other
classes of freight, in accordance with
said resolutions, and threaten to and
will at the earliest possible period, and
not later than January 1. 1896, unless
restrained by this honorable court, put
the same into force and effect, and will
attempt to compel your orator to
comply therewith.
"So that, according to the aver
ments of the bill, the service has been
made upon the complainant of the
schedules in relation to grain rates."
It is the judgment of lawyers that
the grain reduction schedule was not
disturbed by the adoption of the Black
stock resolutions. W. W. Foote and
Robert Y. Hayne entertain the opinion
that the grain schedule was not re
scinded by the Blackstock resolutions
and was not affected by the order of
the court dismissing the case. They
maintain that the schedule is now in
existence.
Last night this question was ad
dressed to Tirey L. Ford, Attorney Gen
eral: "Is me grain rate schedule of
the old board still in force?"
He replied: "This is a question that
has suddenly presented itself, and I
have not had time yet to examine it.
The question of costs is engaging my
attention just now and must first be
considered. Furthermore, the question
you ask is one that Is likely to reach
me officially through the Railroad Com
mission, and it would scarcely be
proper for me to express an opinion
thereon in advance."
It is surmised that ex-Railroad Com
missioner La Rue was the first man to
discover that Laumeister and Black
stock had made a mess of the repealing
job. The news reached the law depart
ment of the Southern Pacific yesterday.
C. P. Huntington may adopt extreme
measures, requiring Laumeister and
Blackstock to vote for a supplementary
resolution rescinding the grain rate
schedule.
, ehe Will go to St. Michael, Cape Nome and
: Golovln Bay.
The schooner Maxim was compelled to
I put back to port yesterday on account of
having carried away her eenterboard off
Fort Ross in a northwester. She left here
on the 20th inst. for Caspar and was dis
abled last Sunday.
! A. E. Bogard was severely injured in
I the eye at the Mail dock yesterday He
■ was thrown out of his buggy and at fust
\\ w , as fparo(i lha t 'i< J was killed. At th-
Harbor Hospital Dr. yon der Loith sewed
] up the flesh around the Injured member
I and hopes to save Mr. Bogard's optic
The Motorman Arraigned.
William Tanner, the motorman on the
oar that ran over and killed the boy
Thomas F. Kearney on Third street, near
Stevenson. Sunday afternoon, was in
structed and arraigned by Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of manslaughter.
He was represented by Attorney Frank
Ke-11/: By consent the cape was continued
tii! May 20, to await the result of the in
quest.
The following citizens were notified to
appear at the Coroner's office Thursday
morning at lv a. m. and ad as jurors in
the Incuest of little Thomas Kearney
who was killed on Sunday afternoon by
an electric car: Sigmund 11. II Harris
W.Eddy street: Kiehard Launder. 1024
Market street: Louis Lew 23 Eddy
street: Max Bernstein, 22 Eddy street'
B. DeniCke, Hi Mason street: If J llinl
pen, 134 Ellis street; <;. A. Gain, 124 EJllis
street; U. Becker. 12? Ellis street and S
Pouda, LO2 Powell street.
. o . __
Lottery Tickets in the Custom House
The Secretary of the Treasurj- sent a
sh.-.rp letter to Customs collector Jackson
yesterday rapping him nvrr the knuckles
because lottery tickets ami cigars are
sold by pretty women on the nnr of the
Custom House. The Secretary requests
the Collector to keep out the women.
GOLDEN GATE
COMMANDERY'S
INSTALLATION
The Ceremony Was a
Public One.
BEFORE BRILLIANT AUDIENCE
SWELLEST MASONIC EVENT OF
THE YEAR.
Reception to the Grand Master of
the Grand Encampment and
Grand Commander of
California.
The elected and appointed officers of
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, were publicly installed in the main j
assembly hall of Golden Gate Asylum last
night.
For the occasion the hall was profusely
and most artistically decorated with bunt
ing, ferns and palms, while on the stage
were draped the emblematic colors of the
Knights, and at the station of the emi
nent commander in the east were the
American flag and the Beauseant, while
overhead was the red passion cross, and
which, being transparent, its brightness
was made apparent by the light burning
behind it. A very large red passion cross
rested on a field of silver lilies at the back
of the eminent commander's station. The
main body of the hall was occupied by the
Sir Knights of the commandery, in their
beautiful and attractive uniforms, and
each wore his white-plumed chapeau.
Back of these were a large number of la
dies and gentlemen, who filled every
I available bit of space, many standing
against the side walls. In the gallery
every seat was occupied, and there were
so many ladies in full dress that one was
reminded of a first night at the opera.
The stage was occupied by Most Eminent
end Grand Master of the Grand Encamp
ment of the United States R. H. Lloyd,
Past Grand Commander George D. Met
calfe", Charles E. Hyde, deputy grand
commander of the State of New York, and
: a number of high dignitaries of the order.
I The installing officer was the Right Em
| inent Sir John F. Merrill, who was as
sisted by Eminent Sir Jonathan M. Peel
as marshal.. The music incident to the
imposing ceremonies of the evening was
under the direction of Sir Samuel D.
Mayer and Frank Coffin, C. L. Gage and
Sir Knights J. R. Jones and W. C. Camp
bell. The captain general, Sir Harry D.
Loveland. and Junior Warden Sir Robert
W. Campbell being out of the city, and
Sir Herman J. Sadler, treasurer, and Sir
Thomas Kirkpatrick, standard bearer, be
ing ill, were not installed.
The following was the order of . exer
cises:
Entry of commandery, "Crusade March,"
; orchestra: prayer, prelate; "The Lord's Pray
er," choir; Installation of eminent commander;
music, "Who Treads the Path of Duty," Sir
\V. C. Campbell; Installation of generalissimo;
music. "Guide Me. 0 Thou Great Jehovah";
installation of senior warden; music. "From
East to West"; Installation of prelate; music,
] "The Christian Warriors"; Installation of re
i maining officers; music, "Holy Father," choir.
Then came the proclamation made to
i the East, the North, the South and the
I West, after which the deputy grand com
mander of the Stale of New York was
i presented and he made a few appropriate
remarks. This was followed by the pre
; sentation by Sir Knight J. M. Gassaway,
past grand commander of the District of
Columbia and worthy matron of Ivy Chap
ter of the Order of the Eastern Star, to E.
Sir Knight Charles 1.. Patton, the retiring
commander, of a magnificent jewel, con
sisting of the red passion cross, at the
jointure of which is a valuable solitaire
set in a sunburst of gold. Sir Knight
Gassaway then on Dehalf of the com
mandery presented to Mrs. C. L. Patton,
who is a prominent member of the Gold
en Gate Club, composed of the wives of
Sir Knights of the commandery, a snow
white case in which there was a silver
berry Bet, the bowl oeing rilled with red
and white roses, the offering being like
that to the retiring commander, an offer
ing of the love of the knights for the re
cipients on account of their zeal for the
commandery.
This was followed by a musicale, dur
ing which the following numbers were pre
sented: "Soldier's Song," C. L. Gage; "A
Song of Sunshine," Miss 1,. C. Sneider;
cornet solo, J. Bromberger; "Farewell,"
Frank Coffin; "Sunshine and Rain," W. i
C. Campbell; "The Star-spangled Ban
ner," by the orchestra. As a finale to the
exercises in the ball there was in one of
the parlors a reception to the M. E. R. H.
Lloyd, grand master of the Grand En
campment, and to R. E. Sir John F. Mer
rill, grand commander of the Grand Com
mandery of California.
The. new officers of Golden Gate Com
mandery are: t
Sir Joseph C. Campbell, eminent commander;
Sir Robert McMillan, generalissimo; Sir Harry
I>. Lovelanrt, captain general; Sir Robert B.
Moore, senior warden; Sir Robert W. Carrp
bell, junior warden; Sir Alexander N. Carson,
i prelate; Sir Hermann J. Sadler, treasurer; Sir
William T. Fonda, recorder; Sir Thomas Kirk
patrick, standard bearer; Sir Albert W. Mc-
Kenzie, sword bearer; Sir Robert Ash. warder;
Sir Samuel I>. Mayer, musical director; Sir
Burr Noble, herald; Sir Harry T. Emery, first
guard; Sir ■William F. Waterson, second guard;
Sir Thomas V. Harris, third guard; Sir William
H. Smith, sentinel.
After the reception there was an ad
journment to the banquet hall, where cov
ers for 550 were laid, and as that was not
sufficient to accommodate all, other tables
for 100 more were set in another hall..
Owing to the illness of Sir Knight F. W.
Sumner,- who had been chosen toastmas
ter, E. C. Sir Joseph C. Campbell dis
charged the duties of that office in a very
pleasing manor. The toasts were: "The
Grand Commandery of the United States,"
responded to by M. E. Sir R. H. Lloyd;
"The Grand Commandery of California,"
by R. E. Sir J. F. Merrill; "Our Sister
Commanderies," E. Sir John Tonningsen:
commander of California Commanderv;
"The Flag." Past Grand Commander Sir
Charles H. Murphy, and "The Ladies,"
Past Grand Commander Sir J. M. Gassa
way. _________________
GUS RUHLIN IS HERE
TO FIGHT KENNEDY
BIG EASTERN HEAVY-WEIGHT
IS IN GOOD FIX.
Lavigne Is Anxious to Return to the
City Where He Made Easy
Money on Three Different
Occasions.
Gus Ruhlin. the heavy-weight pugilist
who is matched by the Excelsior Athletic
Club of this city to box Joe Kennedy
twenty rounds at Woodward's Pavilion,
in June, has arrived from the East, and
his manager. "Billy" Madden, will put
in an appearance to-day.
Kennedy has been taking considerable
exercise for sonic weeks preparatory to
a course of training which will put "him
in Rrst-Class fettle for what he expects
will be a hot argument. Ruhlin is con
sidered a clever heavy-weight who has
had trials with Jeffries. Maher and other
men who are now looked upon as being
among the best men of the heavy-weight
class of pugilists. Kennedy's only con
test of note was a 20-round bout with
"Jack" Stelzner, but his performance
was so good that his friends considered
him competent to meet the best man at
the game excepting Fitzsimmons or
Sharkey, and Ruhlin was selected as first
choice." The fight will determine the fu
ture of the local man. If Kennedy can
defeat Ruhlin he will be a candidate for
championship honors.
According to latest advices "Kid" La
vlgne, who played the local sports of this
Paine's Celery Compound
Makes Weak Women Strong.
i Q^^-ft,* 4.*^ /7 iiy^'^Zi)^>.
r^^^^X
****fj^>^^ <s^£m^^ Xlf/J
city to good advantage by giving them
tnree nicely arranged hippodromes Is
again llguring upon a return to the good
pasturage. It la said ..at I.avigne has
had a talk with Prank Erne, the clev
er pugllisi who whipped Hawkins and
ucFadden, and that a prospective trip to
this city is iti contemplation where
•easy money ran be made. In fact,
Uavigne has written t<> a local club that
a "barrel of money" can be made if the
contest is milled off in this city The
Eastern. ohih managers are now acquaint
ed with the ••Kill's" present style of mak
ing easy money and as a result L.i v;jr ne
has nut with a cold reception s-r- ■ he
left the grullibles of the West to search
for new Reids on the other side of the
big mountains.
The "Kid" expected a return match
with Burge tn England, but the English
sportsmen learned of his intentions and
refused to semi him expense money San
Francisco has had a surfeit of hippodrome
boxing for a while, and the athletic clubs
must return to clean sport if they ex
pect to realize anything nut of a game
which has been severely smirched by
Eastern fakers.
"Jim" Jeffords is looking for a return
match with Stelzner. Jeffords m;;v se
cure a return match by agreeing to fight
Stelzner in private, but a corporals guard
would nol be present to see him employ
his foul tactics again in a club room Hi's
last exhibition disgusted the lovers of
clean sport.
Choynskl and McCoy are contemplating
a boxing match In fore the members of the
Denver Athletic <3ub. How disgusted the
Denverites will iue when they witness the
alleged boxing bout between the long
since "has-been" and the consumptive
McCoy, who is physically unable to go
more than ten rounds when pressed by a
sturdy opponent.
The Olympic Club will give a rattling
good entertainment on Thursday evening.
The finals of the series of contests which
afforded the members such excellent
sport will be contested, and it goes with
out saying that those who miss the en
tertainment will regret it. The much-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' O^O'^O'^O^O^O'J' O<3> O<s> O^O^O'S'O^O^^O^O^O^O^O^ O <g> O <S> 0-?>o<<-o>3>o<s>o<?>o A
° ■ ■--■:■'' ■ ■ • , •
! Cured Paralysis and Weal ~— — -j' |
| ness in Two Months. £^Jl I
o /* ffflg
•>■ Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Bel) js a mag- \ p-^wßf X
O nificent remedy for weak men. Its touch 1 """""'/ V^ «
<$> .is the touch of magnetism. It fills the I /i T X
O nerves with snap. It charges the body y" ' • l'\ 2
,*. with a grand force of vitalizing energy / \ T
o and turns back" the hand of time for men _^*-"^' ' ■ \ ?
A who have begun to tcel old. broken down j*~^ ' y " , \
i. and feeble. It is a grand remedy for all f \y r '■ ■' ' \ .<>
% weaknesses in men. Read what this f X "' L -I «
q grateful man says: / V^ 7- 9
g>\ ; Can You , oubt Such Pi-oof ? \^ _. / o
O SAN FRANCISCO, May 22. ISM *». -' " - ( SI <S>
DR. m. A. Mclaughlin— Dear Sir: It is \ --"'-' j'^/ °
O with, pleasure I make known the great benefit Tte^ "
"! I liave received from your Belt. For years, be- jgai— :,? — -ifi^SSr O
O fore starting the use of the Belt, [ had suffer- f^ ll ''"' - " «Hr <•>
■«' ed with Paralysis, poor circulation and poor \^- r ' "' '~<4&*Li& ♦
O eyesipht, as well as nervousness; in fact, was I^, ■" J-&vs& O
<§> almost a wreck. I doctored and drupced till I f - V T;^i<K\Bnl> '?>
O was discouraged. The last four years I was In ■feSj^^\\*^Sß^. O
<S> a terrible condition. I commenced th»- use of ~^Wj>-^&i!fiSs9*a. -s>
o your Belt two months ago. having but little } fTi I rfliilHißni o
,i, confidence in it doing what you promised, but iSfiJKScUJSW^Sm. 7
Q after giving it a faithful trial find myself in V^»IHHfl|K *
V better health to-day than I ever expected to *35S2EgS«*5£jafia >?>
! '•'. be. 1 have pained in strength and every sign WbKM^ " °
i " of my troubles has disappeared. I seemed to "Hw~ «*
: ■*& gain from the first application of the Belt. The Bf ■ 11 °
i O paralysis has gone and the circulation is far fT v- If , <?>
,'v better and my eyesight is greatly Improved. I I-L I / O
, O cannot thank you enough for what the Belt 1 \ *• I I >■'.'♦:
i <?> has done for me, hut may >•• able to repay you T T~*-*-_ II I O
! O by. the good words I will speak for the Belt. ■ \.A II I <&
j <& 'Yours very truly, M. O'CONNOR, •..'•' 1 \----. ill- O
i O .*.;.,. ': ■■'■-'.:;' 2824 Bush street. \ \ ''/ I <3>
I here Are Over 10,000 Cures. •Vm ) // °
,'a 'My Electric Belt has retored thousands ■ 1.1 . II • *$>
£ of men, young and »fd. who have failed ' 1 %-^JI »1 ®
V to ill • ye benefit from drugs. It is life to ' V \ I <S>
% weak men. CALL OR SEND FOR MY \ \ \\ O
° FREE BOOK, with FULL IXFORMA- \ I \ \\ <$>
X TION. Consultation Tree. ' * O
i dr. h. a. Mclaughlin, SEND FOR Mr BOOK. £
: |. ,; 702 Market St.. cor. Ke y. S. F. " THftEE CU9SES OF MEN." °
<?> And Cor, Spring and Second fats.. Los Angeles. <*>
O• . Office .Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE. . O
a 10 to 1. NEVEK SOLD i . • — STORES. . ■'.;'' ♦
X ;.....■...:•:..•....■ -■.• ' - . . O
v O^O^C-^O 3>O^O <$> O <$> 0 ■$'o<S>o<so'3>o<£o^4>o^o^o<so^o <S>o <$-0 <$>O<3>o<S>O<B>o<*O*ft
What Miss Lucy A. Heiser, a trained
nurse of eight years' experience and a
graduate of the Homeopathic Hospital
of Minneapolis, Minn., hero says of
Paine's celery compound vitally con-
cerns every suffering woman:
"I am glad to testify to the merits of
Paine's celery compound especially as
a tonic in cases of convalescence. I
have noticed very satisfactory results
with patients under my care when
Paine's celery compound was pre-
scribed."
The above indorsement is corrobo-
rated by the experience of Mrs. Hasei-
ton:
"We have been using your Paine's
celery compound in the Xazarene
Home for some months, and it is with
great pleasure that I can say that our
aged people have invariably been bene-
fited by Its use. I have been using it
myself, as has also my niece, and there
has been a marked improvement in our
health. I was very much run-down
after the winter's hard work, but am
feeling very much better. I have rec-
ommended it to a number of friends
outside of the Home, and they, too,
have been greatly pleased with the re-
sults. We shall never be without it in
the Home." Mrs. M. A. Haselton. Man-
ager Nazarene Home, 2032-2034 Colum-
bia Aye., Philadelphia, Pa.
Mrs. Chandler, President of the So-
ciety for the Promotion of Health.
Chicago, 111., says:
"Too constant application to work
has at times caused sick and nervous
headaches, very persistent and painful.
At such times Paine's celery compound
has afforded me quick relief, and I
know of nothing that will take its
place." Lucinda B. Chandler.
talked-of middle-weight championship
contest between the two young and able
amateur boxers representing:, respect
ively. Oregon and California, will cer
tainly prove a !isti< treat worth going a
long distance to witness. The flrsl event
will be called at S o'clock sharp.
WILTSEE-NEWHOUSE CASE.
Maxim of "Unclean Hands'' Again
Discussed Bsfore Judge Ssawell!
The •"unclean hands" maxim that en
tered into the Newhouse-Wiltsee mining
case now on hearins before Juds-' Seawell
was again argued yesterday, but evidence
alleged to be in possession of the defense
tending to prove that Oscar N'ewhouse,
the plaintiff, had taken unfair advantage
of the defendant, whs not admitted by
the court. It is now said th;it thr- de
fense will again urge the point on evi
dence they claim to have proving that
Xfwhousp caused bills for various ma
terials, used in the. development of Wilt
see's properties, to be raised, cashed by
\Viltsee and the difference pocketed by
Newbouse. These charge? and like coun
ter charges have been woven into the case
sine., its beginning, hut the court up to
date has refused to consider them.
Ladiet' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. rooms 6-7.
Estates of the Dead.
The will of Asher N. Levy, who died.
May 7, was filed for probate yesterday.
An estate valued at SIBOO is devised to de
| cedent's children, share and share alike,
excepting Sigmund Levy, a son, who is
cut off with a bequest of $1.
The will of Thomas F. Bryan,
who died February 5, leaving *an
estate valued at $2i'kv>. was also
tiled. The entire estate is bequeathed to
Mrs. Margaret Bryan, the testator's
I mother, who is named as executrix to
I serve without bonds.
56
TUESDAY • MAY 23, 1899
■
=
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. "
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1368.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Streel
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. B cents.
Terms by Mh.ll. Including Postage:
DAILT CALL (including Sunday Call). on« year f6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). < months.. S.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), S montha 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Mo-th «««
bUNDAY CALL One Year *•*><»
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l - * :
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.'
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room* 188, World Kuildlnft
C. CEO KKOCISESS. Adv*rti«lnft Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wcllln£»oa Hot©!
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnotte Balldiiift
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Ad»ortl«ln4«epr©«>ntathn».
BRANCH OFFICES— 62T Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, oo«n until ,
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAHlster street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
--1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 .
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1606 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock. NW. corn«r Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The llo«h and the Flame."
J Opera House— "The Gypsy Baron."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Ai'-azar — "In Mlzzoura."
Tlvoii— "The Mandarin."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Comer Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Intenrtate Tanorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Bntro Hath?— Swimming Races, etc.
Bherman-Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet Concerts, Friday even
Sherman-day Hall— Pianoforte Recital, Thursday Evening,
May 25. ____—
AUCTION SALES.
T!y Chase A- M<-- at 11 o'clock. Trotting
- at corner Van Ness avenue an.l Market street.
fc H >well Thursday, May BS. at 12 o'clock. Real
KstnU\ at ll M nta men ■-"
FENDERLESS STREET CARS
THF. fatal accident of Sunday in which the life of
a chi rushed out by a car on Third
street adds another name to the rapidly increas
leath list o; the fenderless care, and renews the
warning that until the city compels the car companies
".ip their cars with proper lenders they will do
nothing of value in that direction.
It i- not necessary to raise any sensational cry of
"murder" against the car company over the accident
nder its lesson impressive. The effect of the
death of the little child is more potent than any effect
yellow journalism may produce by coarse, harsh
words, or by grotesque cartoons. The story of the
manner in which the death was caused, when told
with the utmost simplicity, is sufficient to rouse pub
lic sentiment on the subject, and if it do not move the
rvisors to act with promptness and resolution in
ting a stringent fender ordinance, there must be
something in the moral and intellectual make-up of
an official personage which is widely different from
• l • if the normal man.
For years the people of San Francisco have been
endeavoring to bring about the enactment and the en
forcement of some adequate ordinance of the kind.
Time and again there has been an outburst of popu
lar indignation which has compelled the Supervisors
to make what was at least a vigorous pretense at ac
tion on the subject. On each of these occasions,
however, there has been one excuse after another put
forward by the company, and the adoption of a fender
lias been delayed and delayed until public attention
was directed to some other issue, and then the whole
matter was dropped.
From the present Board of Supervisors much may
be expected. It has given promise of good work,
and here is an opportunity for it to show itself worthy
of the best hopes the people entertain of it. The fender
question has been so long debated and so frequently
investigated that the board ought to have in its
records sufficient data on which to base a well con
sidered and judicious fender ordinance. No good rea
son can be assigned for any long postponement of ac
tion. The whole subject has been gone over again and
again, and it is just as possible to adopt a proper fen
der and order its use by the street car companies now
as a year hence.
The people do not expect impossibilities; they do
not demand an ordinance which will go beyond what
is just and right. They do expect, however, that
«<",rnething will be done to prevent these fatal acci
dents, which have now become altogether too fre
quent on our streets. The death list of the fenderless
ears is becoming appallingly large. We call them
'fenderless" because that is what they virtually are.
The so-called "fender" with which they are equipped
<.f no life-saving or limb-protecting value. It
serves only as an excuse for not adopting a genuine
fender. It presents a seeming compliance with law
and respect for the safety of passers along the streets,
but beyond that is of no service whatever. It is not
impossible to devise a genuine safety appliance and to
require its attachment to all cars, and that is what the
public now demands of the Supervisors.
English newspapers are criticizing President McKin
ley for his refusal to wear golf clothes. "Is a game
that is dignified enough for the Prince of- Wales,"
they say, "not sufficiently so for the President of the
United States?" There is a suspicion that the Prince
of Wales has taken a part in some games which peo
ple very much humbler in station than President Mc-
Kinley would not care to emulate.
,
As Admiral Dewey started on his triumphal home
ward journey the guns of the forts of Cavite boomed
forth a noisy salute in generous parting to the great
sailor. The welcome which the same guns belched
forth a year and a few days ago to the Admiral was
quite as noisy and not by any means as generous.
The Cuban soldiers, under the direction of Gomez,
■vt to surrendering their arms under the condi
tions demanded by Washington. If the Cubans can
do no better with their guns than they did in the
Spanish war, there would hardly be any serious harm
in permitting them to retain the playthings.
The Southern Pacific. Company has "consented" to
a dismissal of the grain-rate cases. The wily managers
will also probably "consent" before Judge Morrow
has finished with them to pay for their impudent
trifling with the Circuit Court.
Dan Burns values his liberty at $3500. In settling
a bill for legal services he grudgingly paid that
amount to an attorney for keeDinor him out of the
State penitentiary.
INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION.
Ill; VERY outgiving from the Peace Conference at
The Hague strengthens the view that there, as
J — ■ on the field intended to be covered by the con
ference, it is England and the United States com
bined and the other nations against them.
This country and Great Britain tried successfully
i the first great experiment at arbitration and both
I abided by the verdict.
When the Venezuela boundary question, after de
cades of incubation, seemed about to hatch a war be
tween an American and a European state, in which
the stronger might assert the right of conquest in
defiance of the Monroe doctrine. President Cleveland
asserted the rights of the United States in the issue
and gave to that doctrine its first definite interpreta
tion. England yidded and submitted to arbitration,
and the court chosen will soon sit and hear the case.
When England yielded to President Cleveland's de
mands she was berated in every Continental country.
They all exhibited objections to the principle of ar
bitration, and intense hostility to England because
she had receded, and to the United States because her
recession added to our prestige. When the Spanish
war came on the Continental nations, misreading the
policy of England, expected her to make a reprisal on
the United States by joining a European concert in
favor of Spain. But English diplomacy proved to be
past finding out by the rulers of the Continent. She
stood aloof from an anti-American concert, and by
standing there held the rest of Europe off our backs.
This was truly taken as a sign that England either
values an American alliance above all others, or that,
being isolated by the policy of the Continental na
tions, she has no other choice than concert with this
country. That they fear this result is evident, and
that they are taking the best means to bring it about
is also evident. The tireless and subtle flatter}' toward
the United States employed by all classes in England
has had its effect, and the American people are in a
complacent and compliant mood toward the most ex
treme proposition for an English alliance.
If the other powers were wise in the means chosen
to carry out their desire to prevent this substantial
union of the two countries, they would pursue a dif
ferent course in the Peace Conference and in their
diplomacy outside. They make the mistake of ad
mitting that England has sentiment in the matter, and
that her motive is altruistic. Conceding that this
country is not in shape to plead altruism in purpose,
it is as well to understand that England is without any
sentiment beyond self-interest and self-preservation.
While it is true that she prevented a Continental con
cert against us in the Spanish war. it is equally true
that she surrendered to arbitration of the Venezuela
boundary only because refusal meant war with the I
United States and a European concert against her !
that would have been destructive. The fear of such
concert compelled her to make a surrender for which ,
she was hooted by the nations that would have
jumped at her throat if she had not surrendered.
Out of all this issues the situation in the Peace
Conference The strong nations met there are not
moved by any other than the motives of ambition and i
self-interest. De Stria! may talk high sentiment and
eulogize the figure of Peace closing the temple of
Janus, and Pauncefote may talk warmly of peace as
the normal state of nations, but all this is the senti
i/iental ambush of the deliberate purpose of the na
tions to not yield an inch of present position or pros- !
pective advantage. If arbitration come it will not be I
by general agreement, but will depend upon joint ac
tion between the two countries which feel that by ar
bitrating their own differences they will gain some
thing out of the differences of others.
These countries are England and the United States.
An arbitration agreement between them is the equi
valent of a declaration of war against the rest of the
world. England saved herself in 1688, whe.i William
111 placed her at the head of the European alliance
against Louis XIV, and again when she led Europe
against Bonaparte. But the close of each of those
alliances left the rest of Europe in an inquiring mind
as to any benefit secured by any nation except Great
Britain. Out of that condition has come about Eng
lish isolation and her compulsory favor for the
United States.
There are Americans who could wish that this coun
try, while accepting the situation, would do so with
more show of self-respect. The proposition to send
American soldiers to parade in London is one of the
symptoms of the condition that has so early become
apparent in the Peace Conference. England is per
fectly well aware that such an exhibition will be taken
by the rest of Europe as evidence of her practical
suzerainty of the United States. It will exalt her
power, but will humiliate us in the eyes of every
European friend of republican institutions. What
ever comes, and out of the stress of our anomalous
position and longing for the gewgaws of imperialism
much may come, this Government should let Ameri
cans retain sufficient self-respect to refuse to permit
themselves to be looked upon as the modern Hessians
of Great Britain.
TRUSTS AND PRICES.
HON. JAMES W. LEE of Pittsburgh in a re
cent discussion of trusts before the Industrial
Commission, stated it as an indisputable fact
that the object of such combinations is to raise prices,
and that they attempt to do so by establishing as far
as possible a monopoly of the articles the combina
tion is engaged in producing or marketing.
While Mr. Lee made the statement as attorney for
companies which are in competition with the Stan
dard Oil Company, and was arguing of course in the
interests of his clients, it is altogether likely he was
quite sincere in what he said. It is certain he gave
expression to what is the prevailing opinion of the
public on the subject. It is therefore interesting to
note that managers of trusts, who have had large
experience in the business, assert with positiveness
that while a good many combinations have been
formed with the aim of monopolizing production and
raising prices, all such efforts have resulted in failure,
however successful they may have been for a time.
One of these authorities, General John McNulta of
Chicago, receiver of the Cattle-feeding Company,
commonly known as the original Whisky Trust, is
quoted as having stated, as the conclusion of his study
of the books, papers and general history of that noted
organization, that its failure was due to the very fact
that it endeavored to raise prices and maintain them
at a point higher than they had been before the trust
was formed.
According to the report of his statement, he lays it
down as a general proposition that when a combina
tion of corporations undertake to monoplize produc
tion in a given line of industry, requiring no vast
amount of capital, the combination can succeed only
by reducing the selling price of the article to a level
at which competition is unprofitable for smaller es
tablishments. If prices be increased a stimulus is
given for new competitors to arise, and if the first of
these be bought up. the very capital paid for them is
used ofttimes in starting new ones..
Commenting upon the theory of General McNulta,
the New York Mail and Express points out that
whether it be sound or unsound as an economic prin
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
ciple, it finds a basis of support in the history of
American trade. "The oil monopoly and the sugar
monopoly have almost invariably followed the only
policy under which success was possible — namely, by
reducing the selling price of their commodities to a
level where competition became difficult and unprofit
able to those engaged in it. What the result would
have been had either or both of these great corpora
tions followed the opposite course and tried to de-«
stroy competition and increase prices at the same time
can readily be imagined. At one point or another
that policy would have been a complete and costly
failure."
It is worth noting, moreover, that the ability of
large combinations to undersell their competitors has
been due almost wholly to the economic advantage of
large plants over smaller ones. In no instance we can
recall has there been anything accomplished by the
trusts in the way of reduction of wages. It appears,
therefore, that while the statement of Mr. Lee is
seemingly correct, it expresses what is really a fallacy,
and that the only way by which a trust can be suc
cessfully managed is by reducing prices rather than
raising them.
THREATENED MONGOLIAN INVASION
WHEN the same interests that are. now blatantly
advocating American expansion in Asia were
in full cry for the abandonment of the Monroe
doctrine and the acquisition of Hawaii, The Qill
warned the people of the United States, and especially
our citizens on the Pacific Coast, that a covert and in
sidious attempt to deluge the country with cheap
Asiatic laborers was behind the movement and that
the exclusion laws were in danger.
Aside from the speeches of Mr. Huntington during j
his annual visit to San Francisco, signs from every
direction point toward the fulfillment of our predic
tions. Not long ago it was widely published that Act- !
ing Secretary of War Meiklejohn had declared that
the application of the immigration laws to Cuba and
Porto Rico by executive order did not extend the
exclusion laws to those islands, and of course the
same rule was applicable to Hawaii.
Why Cuba was placed in the same category with
Porto Rico, in the face of the proclamation under j
which the war with Spain was declared and prose- J
cuted, it is difficult to conceive. A local organ of the
railroad has furnished reasons which would be an ex
planation if they were true and did not constitute a
foul libel against the present administration. That
paper asserts in the most positive manner that our
promise to free Cuba from the Spanish yoke and en
able its population to set up an independent govern
ment was a deliberate falsehood, although officially
communicated to every great power upon the globe:
that the United States was actuated by no such hu
manitarian motive; candor exacts the acknowl- j
, edgment that, from the beginning of the trouble with
\ Spain, it was our intention to annex the "gem of the j
Antilles," and that, having once grasped that deso
lated island with our national tentacles, we will never
let go. The same proposition is applied to the Phil
; ippines. although in that archipelago the conditions
: are different. Another paper, which looked away
: from the railroad, while it rowed toward it with Dan
Burns in its boat, declares that the Federal Govern
ment has informed the imperial combination now
threatening to subject China to the fate of Poland
i that it will not quietly acquiesce in the partition "un
less the interests of this country are fully protected."
This pronunciamento, which is probably a mere in
vention, would mean that we are not satisfied with
; Porto Rico, Cuba, the Philippines and Hawaii, but
that we are determined to acquire more Asiatic terri
tory and become a confessed accomplice in imperial
istic robberies.
Doubtless in the constant flow of antagonism to
American institutions and American civilization there
is much chaff. The Government oHhe United States
has never yet officially announced the purposes with
which it is identified daily by the monopolistic and by
the yellow press. But the evidences of the inveterate
: design of the imperialistic expansionists, of whom
Mr. Huntington is a notable representative, to force
upon the country the cheap labor of unassimilating
Asiatics, alien in every respect to the American peo
ple, are rapidly multiplying. It is well known that in
this State the railroad has always resisted exclusion
! and flaunted its Chinese employes in the face of
indignant communities. The same policy, with
Japanese substituted for Chinese, has been con
spicuously and recently manifested on the lines of the
i Northern Pacific. Joshua K. Brown, the Federal In
\ spector of Chinese at the Hawaiian Islands, claims
that since annexation was proclaimed 12,180 Japanese
laborers have been admitted to that territory, of whom
1 197 were free and the remainder bound to contract
service for three years. In this recent addition to our
acquisitions half the population is Asiatic, and the
proportion is constantly increasing. The "little brown
men" from Japan are becoming more and more in
evidence in San Francisco. They are to be seen in
cur principal hotels and on the public streets in
steadily augmenting numbers. Only a few days ago
j the Western Addition Improvement Club, composed,
j as we are informed, of 300 leading citizens, objected to
the fact that the Japanese were crowding white chil
; dren out of the public schools and demanded their
exclusion.
The expansionists are furnishing us with kindergar
ten lessons of an extremely suggestive quality. Our
anticipations are already justified. The Asiatic
I crusade has begun, or rather has been revived. We
v ill venture the further prediction, however, that they
will not overrun America as the Tartars spread them
selves over Russian Europe, even though Mr. Hun
tington may be willing to take the part of a diplo-
I matic and strategic Gengis Khan.
The Czar's Peace Conference has opened with a
' splendid prospect of a war among the national dele
gations. Russian representatives declare that Eng
land is playing the fox, and the English reply with the
: familiar story oPsour grapes. An impression is gain
j ing currency that the Czar's familiarity with nihilistic
I plots makes him smell a conspiracy even in talk of
: peace.
Dispatches from Washington declare that the Fili
pino rebels will be forced soon to choose between the
mountains and the sea. It may not be long before
Aguinaldo's soldiers will be forced to the alternative
of the devil or the deep sea.
The arrest of seven men on a charge of high trea
son by order of President Kruger is regarded by the
Transvaal press as "an unfortunate local incident." It
will be rather emphatically unfortunate for the pris
oners if the accusation be proved.
The city's bond expert sometimes manages to ar
rive at the conclusion, after some prisoner has es
caped on straw bonds, that the sureties are worthless.
The better way would be to determine the fact be
fore such bonds are accepted.
The great peace conference of the Russian Czar has
convened at The Hague. Meanwhile Italy. France,
Germany and Russia will continue to plot for the par
tition of China on a peace basis.
REGULARS FOR
MANILA LEAVE
ON THE SHERMAN
Sixth Regiment Now
on the Way.
COL KELLOGG IN COMMAND
ADIER GENERAL BATES,
U. S. V., A PASSENGER.
Soldier Boys Who Scaled the Fence at
the Wharf Had to Be ftounded
Up by a Corporal's
Guard.
The transport Sherman sailed for the
seat of war last night. Earlier in the
I day the news of the arrival of the War
j ren at Manila was received. After dis
| charging her cargo for the fleet it is ex
! pected the "Warren will be sent to Iloilo
with the soldiers she has aboard to re
| lieve the California boys. If all goes
1 well the latter should be on their way
I home in a week or ten days and in that
I event may be looked for the first week
I in July
The Sherman has aboard 1400 men of the
Sixth Infantry and about 100 recruits.
They are in command of Colonel Edgar
R. Kellogg and are about as line a lot
jof men as have ever sailed from San
Francisco. With the exception of Com-
I panics C, D and I, the regiment arrived
j at Folsom street wharf early in the day
j and were at once marched aboard the
I transport. During the afternoon the
1 missing companies and the recruits were
brought around from the Presidio on the
quartermaster's steamer General Mc-
Dowell and were also put aboard.
It was almost impossible to keep the
soldiers on the wharf. In twos and
threes and sometimes in half-do&ens they
scaled the fence built by the Govern
mentp-nnd made their escape. They pa
tronized the saloons in the vicinity until
a corporals guard rounded them up and
put them aboard again. When it comes
to the Grant's turn to sail in a few days
the soldiers will not find it so easy to get
out for a last drink. Posts have been run
up over the feme and three rows of
I barbed wire are to be strung along them.
■ Any man who can gel over that barbed
I wire will have richly earned his drink.
I There arc- not a Hundred of the old
1 Sixth among the men who went aboard
the Sherman yesterday, it was only a
. ; K.-i, Mil regiment when it reached Cube
at the outbreak of the war. Some com
panies were not' represented at all, while
others had not a fourth of their fighting
strength. In all 180 men answered the
roll call before the Brsi fight. When the
war was bver and th( Kixih returned to
th<- L'nited States only S3 men answered
I the roll call. Since then the regiment has
been recruited up to its full strength.
Lieutenant Robert J. Maxey 01 Com
pany F received his baptism of fire in
Cut. a. When the war broke out be was
a cadet at West Point. He was gazetted
: to the Sixth and came out of the battle
; of San Juan Hill a lirst lieutenant. Early
: in the lighting Lieutenant Maxey threw
awaj his sword and adopted the rifle as
liis weapon. With it he did great execu
tion and the chances are that he will do
the same thing again when he reaches
1 the Philippines, If th<- war is not over.
one of the Sixth will be left behind.
When the regiment came over from Oak
land. John Gusting of Company B had to
be taken to the Harbor Hospital. A cur
sory examination by Dr. Hopper showed
that he was suffering from typhoid fever
and the authorities at the Presidio were
at once notified. There was some delay
in removing the sick man. as Ousting was
! not on the roll of Company B. It ap
pears that he formerly belonged to the
Second Nebraska volunteers and when
they were mustered out he enlisted
in the regulars and came on here from
Texas with the Sixth.
The officers of the Sixth are Colonel Ed
gar R. Kellogg, Lieutenant Colonel ("has.
\V. Miner. Majors F. A. Whitney and W.
H. H. Crowell and Captains George B.
Walker. B. A. Byrne, Charles Byrne, Ze
rah W. Torrey. Reuben B. Turner, L. W.
■ Kennon, Charles G. Morton, John H. Bea-
I com, Omar Bundy, E. F. l'aggart, B. W.
Atkinson and \V. L. Wimps. in.
Brigadier General John C. Bates, V. S.
V., also goes to Manila on the Sherman.
He will have for aid-de-camp Captain
Samuel E. Smiley. General Bates com
manded a brigade at El Caney and was
in position on the left line at San Juan
; Hill.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
"THE GRAY FELT HAT 1 - E. E. 8.,
City. "The Gray Pelt Hat," a poem, is to
be found in The Call of March 12, 1599 to
be had at the publication office.
WIDE TIRE LAW-Reader, California.
| The wide tire law was not amended by
I legislative enactment at the last held
i session of the Legislature; that is, no
measure to that end became a law.
SERGEANT MAJOR— OId Friend, City.
A sergeant major in the German army is
■ a non-commissioned officer who assists
. the adjutant. He ranks the color ser
geant, commissary sergeant, orderly ser
j geant and hospital sergeant.
THAT CARNATION— B. R. p., City.
The Lawson carnation was sold in Jan
uary of this year in the city of Boston to
Thomas F. Lawson. and it was named for
; him. The purchase price was $30,000. Since
! then California has produced a larger car
nation.
POWER OF ATTORNhV-F. C. City.
A person can locate a claim for another
on any mineral land of txie United States
or Territories without a power of attor
n< y. There is no limit to the number of
claims a person can locate. If Brown lo
cates a claim for Jones and subsequent
ly the two have a disagreement. Jones
can continue to work that claim without
having to relocate it.
EGGS-F. L. Alameda. Cal. The vari
ance in the price of eggs is regulated by
the variance in freshnes . Eggs that
command the highest prices are those
that are not more than twenty-four hours
Old, and are designate** s choice. Ranch
eggs is the designation of such as are
three or four days old; fresh eggs is an
plied to eggs a week or ten days old"
good eggs are such as have pas-;, hi a cer
tf\HY tf . mc> , and may be uapd f °r cooking
while the class that is designated as "eras
lv cents a dozen" are ci s that you have
to take your chance ns • - freshness
JISTICES-M. M.. Ferndale. Cal. The
following is a list of the Justices of the
Supreme Court and their residences in the
city of Washington, 1). C. : Melville W~
Fuller, Chief Justice, ISO 2 F street, N. "W •
J. M. Harlan, Fourteenth street and Eu
clid place, N. W.; Horace Gray ]601 I
street. N. \\V, D. J. Brewer. 1412 Mas
sachusetts avenue, N. W. : H. B. Brown
1720 Sixteenth street; George Sliiras Jr
1696 Massachusetts avenue, X. W. • E D*
White, 1717 JRhode Island avenue N w :
R. W. Peekham', 1217 Connecticut' avenue-
Joseph McKenna, 2127 California avenue'
N. W.
MEMORIAL ! DAY— Subscriber, City
The custom that led up to Decoration or
Memorial day had its origin in the South
ern States before the close of the War of
the Rebellion. Early in the spring of
each year the Southern women were! in
the habit of decorating the graves of
their dead soldiers with flowers, and an
unwritten law fixed May 30 as the day of
observance. - Similar ceremony was ob
served in the North, but without especial
unanimity. May 5. IS6B, General John A
Logan, then commander in chief of the
Grand Army of the Republic, issued an
ord«r fixing May 30 of that year as the
day' for strewing the graves of dead sol
diers, and it 1 has- been the custom every
year since to observe that day. In many
of the States Memorial day is made a le
tul holiday.
CHINESE SLAVE
DEALERS WILL
FEEL THE LAW
They Will Get Orders
to Vacate.
MAYOR'S ATTORNEY AT WORK
IS DRAWING THE PAPERS TO FIT
THEIR CASE.
Vigilant Society Proposes to Get
After White Property Owners if
the Statute Is Further
Violated.
The movement Inaugurated by the Vigi
lant Society against the slave pens of
Chinatown Is going forward and gaining
adherents day by day. The secretary of
the organization for the suppression of
yellow vice has already received replies
from a number of clergymen of the city
announcing their pleasure at the prospect
of joining in the work. In addition* to
this, the Mayor is preparing to do his
share. He has requested his attorney, D.
C. Murphy, to draw up a form of notice
to keepers of such houses that will con
form to the provisions of the statute vio
lated and as soon as it is completed will
serve a copy on each* of the proprietors of
Chinese houses of ill fame.
Attorney Murphy will have finished his
work within a day or so, from which it is
inferred that the notices will be served
before the end of the week. The work of
service will be under the supervision of
the Chief of Police, to whom the Mayor
will turn over the notices. It will then
remain for the keepers to vacate their
premises or to suffer arrest at the expira
tion of the statutory time for removal.
That the members of the Bow Wah
Tong.all of whom are proprietors of slave
pens, will ignore the notices is expected.
They stand ready, as they have always
stood, to defy the law and take their
chances of victory by the well-worn
paths of corruption so familiar to Chi
nese feet. As of old. they expect to suc
ceed by tiring out the opposition. This
time, the Vigilants say, they are" reckon
ing without their host The members of
the newly formed society for the eradica
tion of the evils of Chinatown have
counted on such resistance and they are !
prepared to meet it on the flank. In
other words, they will attack the white
property owners, some of whom, it is
thought, would not care tn be dragged
into court there to admit that part of
their Incomes is derived from the dpgra<l
ation of female slaves. If the members
of the How Wah Tong refuse to move out
for the :irm of the criminal law, the Vigi
lants will invoke it against their white
landlord?. Warrants will be sworn out
against them under the same statute, and
they will be prosecuted to the full ex
tent of the law.
That the Vigilants are gaining recruits
to their cau=e is manifested in the many
letters received at their headquarters
every day. Among those received yester
day was this one:
PAX FRAXfTSCO, May 20, 1899.
M. M Poote, Esq.. Secretary Vigilant So
ciety— My Deai Sir: Your favor received. I
heartily sympathise with the objects of the
< ikit iznti'in you represent, and shall be Rlad
tr> V>e counted arrnne Its members. Any service
I can render towaid purifying our city will be
gladly bestowed. Very truly yours.
RKV. \V. S. URMY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. C. Smith, a Bakcrsfield capitalist, is
registered at the Lick.
Dr. A. H. Johnson of Cedar Rapids, la.,
is a guest at the Grand.
State Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasa
dena is staying at the Grand.
B. B. Broomel. an .insurance man of
Tacoma, is at the Occidental.
Dr. George T. Hussey. a prominent phy
sician of Seattle, is a late arrival at the
Lick.
Edwin Cawston and wife of South Pas
adena are among the guests at the Cal
ifornia.
John N. Woods, a large land owner of
Stockton is at the Grand, accompanied by
his wife.
F. Heurtevant, a mining man of Trinity
County, and Superior Judge Frank Short
of Fresno are registered at the Palace.
Brigadier General Fred D. Grant ar
rived from San Diego with his brother
yesterday morning and engaged apart
ments at the Palace.
Walter L Wiley has returned from Chi
cago, where he has been attending the
annual lettings of contracts for Indian
supplies and transportation, several of
which he secured.
Shot At Through a Window.
P. McGilley, a plasterer, living at 313
Eighth street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Graham's rourt yesterday- for the
arrest of "John Doe" Dyer, a boy 19
years of age, on the charge of discharg
ing firearms within the city limits, .v -
Gilley said that he and his wife wore sit
ting in the kitchen of their house on Sun
day afternoon, when Dyer fired a shot
through the window at them. The bullet
passed over their heads and struck ihe
wall. He saw a rifle in Dyer's hands after
the shot was fired. McGilley said «.hat
I>yor had be«n terrorizing the neighbor
hood for a long time.
DIRECTORY
O? RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANT"* 4
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
: BELTING.
Lli r>rnF\ Manufacturer of Bettlnqr.iTid
• I. I'LUC^, Lac 9 Leather. 105-107 Mis-
Eton St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. >
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid- to Repairs and Ship
Office and Worlcs-113-115 MISSION ST.
:: ;ii ; .»>l" Telephone Main 5045. .
• BOOKS AND STATIONERY. .
THE SAN fSaHCISBO HEWS COMPANY..
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Abore Powell.
■ Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PICJ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO. s s o c n co s n t d a ?e d i st >? a ?n n 4 -
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYF? & CSI '■■'■ Shipping Butchers. 104
J A3. DUIEJ a ■ Ml,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
WINEMAKERS
INDORSE THEIR
ASSOCIATION
Will Continue the Or
ganization.
CONVENTION TO MEET HERZ
THE PRINCIPAL WINE-MAKING
COUNTIES REPRESENTED.
Vineyardists Apparently Satisfied
With the Workings of the Asso
ciation During tha Five Years
of Its Existence.
From the deliberations of the director
ate of the California Winemakers' Asso
ciation yesterday it is evident, It will be^
continued in existence by the vineyardiste,
throughout the State. On Thursday of
next week delegates representing the four
great wine-making counties— Santa Clara,
Sonoma, Napa and Alameda— will meet in
convention at the Lick House.
This was determined upon at a special
meeting yesterday called to consider* a
petition signed by the vineyardists of
Santa Clara County. The petition follows:
The Honorable Bfard of Directors Califor
nia "Winemakers' (■orporation— Gentlemen:
Santa Clara County being one of the large
wine ppniucinp counties of the State, it is
respectfully requested by the undersigned
winemakers and 'members of the <"alifornia
Winemakers 1 Corporation of said county,
that you call a meeting of all the members
: s.ii cofp< ration, immediately, t.i be held
in San Francisco, to indorse the results of
the corporation and its workings; its man
agement j n genera! by its able board of
directors, and to reorganize on the. present
basis, eliminating surh errors or making
such changes as experience has taupht will
be for the best interest of the winemakers
of the State.
After a general discussion it was deter
mined to postpone action on the petition
pending the forthcoming convention. The
consensus of opinion was that the asso
ciation would be continued. It was or
ganized five years ago by the representa
tive wine men of the State. They pool
the products of their vineyards, which
are handled by the association. This h«s
been proved a surcess and it is expected
i that new contracts will be entered into
I at the convention covering five years. The
! work of the association is carried out by
' a board of directors chosen from among
i its members. At the meeting yesterday
: were the following officials: President
! Henry J. Cr^rku. Vice President P. C.
Rossi, Treasurer B. W. Paxton. Secre
tary and Manager W. J. Hotchkiss. As
sistant Secretary J. J. Hassell; Directors
C. F. Montealegre, Paul In-lmas. H. B.
<"h;ise. Osgood Putnam, Peter Ball and
Mr Pickett.
NORMAL TRUSTEES MEET.
; San Francisco Board Elects Jucige
Denson President.
The board of trustees of the San Fran
cisco Normal School recently appointed
by the Governor met at the Palace yes
terday afternoon. There wer<
Judge S. C. Denson, F. A. Hyde, Judge
M. Cooney. H. G. \V. Dinkelspiel, W. < ;.
Jobson and State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction T. 3". Kirk, who is an ex
offlcio member of the board.
Permanent organization was effected by
the election of Judge Denson as president
and H. G. Y\\ Dinkelspiel secretary.
The matter of the election of two dele
gates to the joint board of normal trus
tees came up, but was deferred until the
next meeting, which will be held June 6.
Judge Cooney was appointed a commit
tee of one to confer with the local Board
of Education for a suitable site and prem
ises for the normal school soon to be es
tablished. If no other building is avail
able the board will take a lease of the
present Normal School for the State In
stitution.
Swallowed Carbolic Acid.
Mr?. Dora Hawley was taken from the
Hancock House on Mission street to the .
Receiving Hospital yesterday morning n
suffering from carbolic acid poisoning. )f
She said she had swallowed it in mistake
for medicine. She was soon pronounced
out of danger.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per \o at Townsend"**
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Important, 73 Fourth street, next stove
store, best eye glasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
Nellie Murphy Held.
Nellie Murphy, the notorious pickpocket,
was yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by acting Police Judge
Groezinger on a charge of grand larceny
in $5000 bonds. She was accused of steal
ong $20 from Henry I«arson. She was also
convicted in Judge Slogan's court on a
charge of vagrancy and was ordered to
appear for sentence 'his morning-
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It makes tight or
new shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions,
Swollen. Tired, Sweating. Aching feet 30,000
testimonials. At all druggists and shoe stores,
l!sc. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address
Allen S. Olmste<i, Le Roy. N. T.
. ♦ .
If you suffer from looseness of bowels Dr.
Siegert's Anpostura .Utters will cure you. B«
sure you get Dr. Siegert's.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware, 60S Market; tel. Main 752. "
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton ii Hedley. Proa*.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Ds.
scrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. BlaoH 1505.
liquorS!
OUDOLD WHISKEY, g»llon ...:.. $1.50 ; ease, $6 03
0. P. S. PONY. do. $2.50; c*« $10.0
L. CAHEH & SON. 418 B>craaanto St., 8. F.
no BETTER ON EARTH §ZE2&U M »
Comanche Ochre Co.. 20a Front; tel. Jessie 19.-6.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF PULP AND P\PFP CO..
ffILLMmCI 722 Montgomery Stray-
PRINTINQ.
F C HIIfTHF^ PRINTER.
L- V*- lIHJUnLO.6II Sansome street.
THE HICKS- U\Wl\ C il Printers. Book-
llli, iilWaj-JL'l'U WU-, binders. 23 First st. ;
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and '.rain Warehouses Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main '19i4.
■ WATCHES. ETC. " ~
I- LI)NDY, Xi ls . ir' r 'w l H r^ fQr rj fln Jewelry and
i mmii! IS-k. bedding Rings. 43d st: J
WHiTr. AH *TJtAiWCOAL~ "^
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIXING CO at it.
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES
-«i 5 tb * Bert Coal in the Market!
Office ana Yards— Main' Su»^BURNS' CRIMES
WERE ITEMIZED
ON HART'S BILL
headings in the Suit Recently
Settled by Referee Wright
for the Sum of $1500.
IN the Superior Court of the State of California, in and for the City
and County of San Francisco.
A. L. Hart, Plaintiff, vs. D. M. Burns, Defendant.
1884-1893 — To services rendered in the following cases in the
Superior Court of the State of California, in and for the County of Sacra
mento, to wit:
Name of Plaintiff. Name of Defendant. Charge. Number.
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. | 507
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. 508
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Felony. 509
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Felony. 510
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. 511
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. | 512
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Felony. 513
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Felony. 514
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. 515
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement, i 516
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. 517
The People, etc. D. M. Burns. Embezzlement. 518
To services rendered in the case of the People of the State of Cal
ifornia on the relation of John P. Dunn vs. D. M. Burns at
al.. No. 42. in the Superior Court of the State of Califor
nia, in and for the County of Yolo, which said latter
named case was finally dismissed and disposed of on the
23d day of January. 1893 825,000
December 5, 1899, by cash 52.000
$23,000
All of the foregoing services were performed under one general em
ployment, and no separate charges were made in the several cases.
Such is the itemized bill of General A.
'Ji Hart presented and filed as a part of
:he pleadings In his action against Dan
»i M. Hums, and this bill, notwithstand
ing the vast amount of labor its various
x- ms convey to the disinterested peruser,
ias heen settled by the colonel in a court
>: his own making, presided over by Rail
■oad Kfpresentative J. B. Wright, for the
mm of $1500. The bill in itself is a mas
erpiece, an itemized demand of which
; :•■ man on the credit end must be un
- inly proud. It Is said that even Burns
ljpreciates the shocking suggestiveness
>f the paper— suggestive in that it por
;rays that the people at one time be
leved some one crooked, and made things
•attier tropical for that some one — and if
.he politician of Mexico had things to do
)\er again he would not call for an item
z.-.l demand. He would content himself
.vith generalities.
When Burns made a demand for the
temized bill he doubtless failed to an
:icipate the brilliancy with which a list
if the misdeeds;'or rather crimes, charged >
o him, in a few, a very few, days would
fppear on paper. When he thought Gen
•ral Harts suit was going to trial— that
.vas before he discovered that he could j
■nanufacture a court, issue summons and
:oi c Hart in— he made another bad
■jreak. • He demanded a jury trial, this
iemand Wing made at no later date than
December 16 last, before Superior Court
lu'!g<: Dunne. Perhaps he was of the
Dpinion that he could more easily
aandle a jury than a Judge; no one
iccuses him of holding the opinion that I
ie ould impress "twelve good men and
:iuc"" that he was simply the exemplin
:ation of injured innocence, an honest
nan fallen victim to the wrath of a ma
.icious public, and his purse the goal of
= lawyer of usurious inclinations. But
;he case didn't go to trial. Wright of the
raiiroad was discovered and tht day and
:he thousands saved.
In order to gain a. fair idea of the labors
Df General Hart it is but necessary to
peruse the itemized bill, and when it is
considered that Burns was guilty on each
:ount It is manifest that the demand was
aot only reasonable but one far below
Lhat the "honest crook would have been
willing to pay when he found that, in-
Seed, he had been saved frum a term in
stripes. The complaint gives a better
idea of the labor required, the allega
tions on the first item being as follows:
Between the month of October, IS&4, and
the 20th day of January. ISS3, at the special
instance and request ct the defendant, life
plaintiff performed professional services for
the defendan* in two certain actions In the
Police Cuurt of the <ity of Sacramento,
county cl Sacramento and State of Cali
fornia, in which defendant wan charged
with the crime of embezzlement; also in
twelve certain actions in the Superior Court
of the county of Sacramento, j-tate afore
said, in each of which the defendant was
charged with the crime of embezzlement,
alleged to have beer, cemmitted by him in
the misappropriation of public funds coming
into his possession while ho was Secretary
of State of the State of California; also in
a civil action began in the Superior Court
of the State of California, in and for the
city and county of Ran Francisco, and sub
sequently transferred to the Superior Court
in and for the count] of Yolo, State afore
said, which later action was prosecuted by
the people of the State of California against
the defendant and hi official bondsmen to
recover the sum of $31,734 M of th" money
belonging to the State alleged to have been
received by the defendant while he was
Secretary of State of the State of California
and to have bean misappropriated by him.
and also to recover -■'■ per cent of said
amount in addition thereto at damagr?.
and also to recover Interest on said araoum
at the rate of 10 pec cent per annum froni
the loth day of November, ISM, which said
sums, [or which said action was prosecuted,
amounted. In the aggregate, at the time of
the commencement of this action, to more \
than $40,000.
On each of the following Hems the |
same allegations are made and as the ma- ;
jority of these charges were heard before
the superior Court, the work of the de
fense was even greater than the Initial
case, numbered on the Sacramento rec
ords, and as set forth on the bill, as
case 507. Burns was served with a copy
of the complaint and- then in the follow
ing terms made his denial to the allega
tions: regarding the first item:
On the 6th -day of October, ISM, an ac-
Itlon was besrun In the Police Court of the
city of Sacramento, County of Sacramento,
State of California, against this defendant,
in which action this defendant was charged
with the crime Of felony. That thereupon
the plaintiff herein voluntarily and gratu
t!ou3ly and without solicitation on the part
of defendant offered and tendered to this
defendant his. services as an attorney at
law in said action, and voluntarily and
frratuitoiisly and without solicitation on the
part of this defendant offered and under
took to appear for and represent this de
fendant In said action, and to do and per
form any and every act and thing In and
about the defense of said action as an at
torney at law on behalf of this defendant
necessary to be done and performed without
A POET'S MONUMENT
TO "THE PATHFINDER"
OAKLAND, May 22.— Joacpiin Millar is erecting a monument to the hero. <
General Fremont. The "Poet of the Sierras" says California has been -
Blow to honor "The Pathfinder." The monument will be located at "The (
Heightß." Miller's home, which was one of Fremont's camping «
places and is to stand in almost the identical spot where General Fre- (
mint stood many years ago and named the straits the "Golden Gate." The ,
monument is to be built of native blue rock, picked up In the vicinity and <
split into convenient size. The base la the spur of the rock, which projects -
from the hill. The upper pan is square and will be crowned with stones, *
built into battlements. The site is one of th*» most prominent points on Mil-
ler's property and affords a commanding view for many miles around the ,
bay. The monument will be completed in less than a month. (
cost or charge to this defendant of any j
kind or character whatsoever.
That this defendant accepted tue said vol
untary and eratultous offer of services of
plaintiff in mid action; that plaintiff under
and in pursuance of the saio. voluntary
offers of service and not otherwise did ap
pear for and represent this defendant In I
said action. That the said action never
came to trial: that thereafter an order was I
made to th« Judge of Bald Police Court
continuing said iction Indefinitely: that
such order was equivalent to and in truth
and in fact operated to a dismissal in said
action and a discharge of the defendant in
said action. That thereupon said services
of plaintiff for and on behalf of this de
fendant in said action ceased and deter
mined; that plaintiff never rendered any
service or services in said action for or on
behalf of this defendant of any kind or
character whatsoever, except as herein
abov* tared, and that plaintiff has not
since that time rendered or performed any
service or services in or about said action
for or on behalf of this defendant of any
kind or character whatsoever.
A similar denial was made to each and
every allegation of the complaint regard-
Ing the manner in which the various j
items came to be on the bill. In one in- ;
stance Burns even relegated Hart to as
sistant counsel, claiming that the gen
eral simply came In, voluntarily and gra
tuitously, to assist Attorney F. E. Baker,
who had assumed the great undertaking
of keeping Daniel out of Jail. In conclu- ;
sion the colonel pays a tribute to his
generosity and his gratitude to Hart for
his untiring labors. He says:
On the sth day of December, M, this de
fendant voluntarily presented to the plain
tiff the sum of $2000 as a donation and a :
mark of gratitude and not otherwise. That
said sum of ?2<>Vi was at said time ac
cepted by the said plaintiff from the defend
ant as a d -.nation and mark of gratitude '
and not otherwise, and that the defendant
has never at any time or at all paid to the ■
plaintiff any sum or sums of money for or
on account of any services rendered r- the
plaintiff to or m behalf of this defendant
or for cr on account of any other thing:,
or at all.
Shortly after this last tribute to his
own gratitude and generosity was penned
and Burns was calculating upon the ef- j
feet to be produced thereby upon the
jury, he demanded, that justice
might be done him, J. B. Wright
of the railroad was discovered.
Wright mounted the bench builded ■
for him by the railroad candidate j
for the Senate and Hart was summoned j.
to appear. He did arid in a moment of j
trust or abandon the matter was sub- !
mitted to Wright for decision, and in j
time Wright announced the. verdict, and !
Hart was paid $1500 instead of 123,000, but i
he is now richer to the amount of the dif
ference in experience and valuable knowl
edge of the Mexican politician's code of j
honor.
HE WANTED TO BE JUST.
Alexander Boyd Gives Testimony in
His Own Behalf.
The action of Mrs. Belle Curtis and Liz- )
zie Muir to recover $30,000 from Alexander
Boyd. business partner of the late Jacob
Z. Davis, of whose estate the plaintiffs
are the heirs, was submitted yesterday
before Judge Belcher on briefs. When the
case was called yesterday Mr. Boyd again
took the stand to substantiate the claim i
that he was entitled to the $30,000 sued I
for as compensation for his services on \
behalf of his deceased partner's estate. j
Mr. Boyd said yesterday that while his j
partner was traveling and enjoying him- j
self h». cared for the business. "I was at !
my office every day." he said, "and the
r.-:<snri ... T dirt not immediately rMvklo
death was that there was a great deal of
property to divide and I wanted to be just
to everybody; I wanted to be just to my
self. He further stated that he and his
partner oiten overdrew tneir account*, and .
no particular account was- kept of such
transactions, but In his opinion matters
stood about even at the time of Mr.
Davis death. This dlposed of the case as
far as the evidence was concerned, and
the matter was taken under advisement. :
Nearly Lost His Eyesight.
ueorge Kice, a mechanic in the Golden
Gate and Miners' Iron Works on First
street, was pouring some boiling m.-tal
■ yesterday afternoon, when tho
m« tal flew up and struck him on the 1
tind forehead. H- was takr-n to the Re
ceiving li. spltal, and it took Dr. Thomp
son some time to takp the metal out of
bis eyes and forehead. The doctor thought
that wltn caro Rice would not lose his
eyesight, but he had a narrow escape
» ♦ «
To Honor the Queen.
The annual dinner of the I'.ritish Benev
olent Society will be held in the rooms
of the Merchants' Club, 222 Bansome
street, to-morrow night. Thf- celebration
is In honor of the eightieth birthday of
the Queers
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co.. San Francisco. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
"TIME" CALLED
TOO SOON
Lively Mix-Up Between Attorneys
Becsy and K^enmy in Front
of the City Prison.
THERE was a lively "mlxup" be
tween Attorney Becsy and Attor
ney Kenney, the "Salmon Alley
Politician," In front of the City
Prison last evening. When hostili
ties censed Kenney looked as if he had
run afoul of a kicking mule. His face
was cut and Weeding and his clothes were
almost torn from hip back. The men were
not arrested, notwithstanding that their
"little unpleasantness." as Kenney
termed it, occurred under the window of
the Central station, where at least twenty
policemen were congregated.
"It is this way," remarked Attorney
Kenney, as he attempted to force a re
calcitrant piece of skin back on his fore
head. "Becsy don't like me, and every
time I see him I want to do him. Are
you ;u-xt? Som^ time ago \vp had a scrap,
and I put it onto him. !!•■ has been sore
ever since, and my friends warned me to
be "ii the lookout, as he was determined
to get even.
"I was standing in front of the City
Prison, anxiously endeavoring to make an
honest dollar. " continued Kenney. In giv
ing his version of the "late unpleasant
ness." "when my deadly rival appeared.
We had seme words, and I started to
knock his block oft. I wish I hadn't now.
as 1 realize I got the worst of it. Just
as f smashed him he copped me one on
the jaw ami 1 dragged him down with me.
We wen struggling in the garden along
side of the Central station, when Attor
trchte Campbell shouted that the
poiice were coming, and we quit. 1 guess
it was a good thing for me, as Becsy had
nit- all but out.
E j . did you see the other guy?" asked
Kenney, tearing off a piece of bruised
fleph that hung from his upper lip. "He
must look like he had passed through a
s:it:s;>K f - mnchine."
When told that Becsy had escaped un
injured Kenney was angry, and In a sort
of stage whisper he declared he would
"gpt him" the next time they came.to
gether.
"Campbell is a bad actor." muttered
Kenney, realizing that his hated rival was
not 1n" hearing distance. "If he had not
called time I would have put it all over
that guy. Wait until we meet again!
His own mother won't recognize him
when I get through with him."
The hostile attorney then left the scene,
vowing vengeance against Becsy , and
"Referee" Campbell.
DICK HEISE IS
THE EAGLE KING
WINS THE SCHTJETZEN ANNUAL
SHOOT AT SHELL MOUND.
This Is the Second Time That the Ac
curate Marksman Has Succeeded
in Hitting the Magic
Spot.
The annual eagle shoot and May fes- |
tival of the San Francisco Soheutzen Ye- i
rein was brought to a close yesterday
afternoon at Shell Mound Park. The af
fair, which was the fortieth one held by
he verein, was perhaps the most enjoy
ble and successful of all the previous
vents. Fully a thousand people thronged
he grounds and made merry all day.
While' the members of the verein were out
on the racecourse making' their scores,
their wives and sweethearts whiled away
the hours dancing in the spacious pavilion.
J. D. Heise, one of the best known
marksmen in the State, was crowned king
of the festival after fully two hours of
shooting. Out of one hundred competi
tors Heise was the first to knock the
wooden eagle from its perch on a pole sev
enty-five feet high. The shooting was
done at 150 yards. When Heise succeeded !
In hitting the lucky spot that sent the j
eagle shooting groundward a cheer was
Bent up that could be heard for miles
around Heise was mounted on an impro
vised throne and his wife was soon at his
side In front of the assemblage of ad
miring friends and marksmen he implant
ed a sweet kiss on his wife's lips, much to
the amusement of the crowd.
Then the members of the .verein hoist
ed i , ,-•(■■ on a table and four husky men
carried him bodily through the grounds
and into the dancing pavilion, where he .
was crowned king of the festival. Miss
Atingers and Miss Theiss. two pretty
damsels, presented Heise with a wreath ,
of roses, and he then responded with a
neat little speech that brought forth more
fhfpns ■—
Heise was crowned king of the last an
nual eagle shoot, which was held at the
same park on May 10 of last year. He is
one of the best marksmen in the country.
After the last eagle shoot Heise made a
tour of the Eastern cities and Europe, de
feating all comers at target shooting.
Previous to the main event the mem
bers of the verein shot at the eagle to
dismember it. The degree of accuracy
was measured by the different portions
of the dummy eagle, the crown being the
highest objective point and the left claw
the lowest. Following was the way the
members scored: , .
The crown, George Heyden; the apple,
J. M. Hartmann; the scepter, J. C. Wal
ler- the ring. John Teldermann; the head,
Al Barner; the right wing. Charles Rapp;
the left wing. R. Stattlne; the right leg,
Augustus Jungblut ; left leg. John Geff
ken. ■-•'>.- '.:;.%■ !;,-.■-■;""-••' . ■ '■''■'■• '.':'\-,".
Agent Browne Superseded.
Oeorre \V. Hazen, secret service agent
at Seattle, has been appointed to succeed
Secret Service Agent Browne at this port.
MARKET-STREET
COMPANY ASKS
FOR FRANCHISES
Bold Attempt to Secure From
the Board of Supervisors a
Wholesale Monopoly.
Would Grab the Valuable Geary-Street
Franchise and Cut Off Competition in
Almost Every Quarter of the City.
o The expected has hap- o l
o pened. The Market-street Q
o Railway Company, in an ef- o
9 fort to anticipate the re-
o stnctions of the new char- o
0 ter, has asked the Board of °
o Supervisors to betray the q
° people ana grant to it fran- °
q ch/ses aggregating in value o
o many hundreds of thousands ©
o of dollars. ®
In this wholesale attempt to grab the
right of way over dozens of the principal
streets of the city the railroad corpora
tion has not overlooked the franchise for
the Geary-street road. In order to get in
ahead of the provisions of the new char
ter, the corporation, acting In the name of
the Geary-street. Park and Ocean Rail
road Company, offers to surrender to the
city its present franchise for the Geary
street cable road, which expires In 1903,
provided the Board of Supervisors will
advertise for bids for the sale of the fran
chise under the present law. This and the
other franchises asked for would, if grant
ed, shut out competition in the matter of
the operation of street railroads so ef
fectually that the Market-street Railroad
Company would be put in possession of a
vast monopoly, in the hands of which the
people of the city would be powerless.
A hurried meeting of the Street Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors was
called yesterday afternoon just before the |
meeting of the board, the only person
present besides members of the com
mittee being Superintendent Henry Lynch
of the Market-street company! To the
committee Lynch presented the petitions
of the corporation, together with a type
written recommendation to be made by
the committee to the board. This .recom
mendation embraces all that the corpora
tion asks for in the petitions and some
thing niDre. It was immediately adopted
and embraced in the committee's report, i
which was presented to the board a few j
minutes later, Only the discovery that In j
its haste the corporation had overlooked I
an important and necessary proceeding
prevented favorable action being taken on j
the recommendation immediately. As it
is the matter was postponed for one week
and the public will have an opportunity to
express an opinion through those mem
bers of the board who will oppose the at
tempted wholesale steal of franchises.
The petition of the railroad company in
the matter of the Geary-street franchise
sets forth that the present franchise will
expire November 6, IW3; that the road
is now paralleled by electric roads, a fact
that makes it necessary to completely re
construct the line; that the cost of such
reconstruction is wholly out of the ques
tion under existing franchises because
they have but a short time to run.
Continuing, the petition reads:
Your petitioner therefore prays that your
honorable board will grant to the highest -
bidder, according to law, a new franchise
for a single or double track railroad over
the entire route of your petitioner's present
railroad as hereinbefore described, with all
necessary stations, side tracks, switches,
turnouts and appliances, for the term of ■
fifty year?, under such restrictions, condi
tions and limitations as to your honorable
board shall seem proper, with the right to
operate the same by electricity, with mod
ern appliances, or such other motive power
as may be allowed by law. Your petitioner
herewith presents and tiles a draft of a .
proposed new franchise therefor. ■ the terms
and conditions whereof it prays may be
deemed acceptable to your honorable body.
And, as a condition precedent to the grant
of said new franchise hereinbefore applied
for, your petitioner hereby offers to surren
der the franchises aforementioned and de
scribed as Order No. W.< of November 6,
IS7S Order No. 1515 of September 15, 1879,
and' Order No. 2290 of December 9, 1890. and
each and all of the rights and privileges
held thereunder by your petitioner, said
surrender and abandonment, nevertheless,
to take effect and be in force only upon the
award of a new franchise over said route
as hereinbefore applied for. ■
And your petitioner will ever pray, etc.
By order of its board of directors, with
the" consent of its stockholders.
GEARY STREET. PARK AND OCEAN
RAILROAD COMPANY.
By J. L. WILLCUTT, Secretary.
The draft of a franchise accompanying
this petition first sets out a description
of the route now occupied by the Geary
street road, the conditions of the fran
chise being that the track or tracks must
be placed as nearly as possible in the cen
ter of the street; to plank, pave or ma
cadamize between the tracks and for two
feet on each side, and to keep the same
constantly in good repair; the tracks to be
no more than live feet between rails; the
owners of the franchise to pay the city
annually a percentage (to be fixed) of the
gross receipts of the road, providing that
no such payment shall be required for the
first five years; work on the road shall be
started within one year of the granting
of the franchise, and the road shall be
completed within three years; permission
is granted to use electricity, as a motive
power, the corporation being bound to run
cars at intervals of not less than fifteen
minutes between the hours of 7 a. m. and
9 p. m.; police officers and mail carriers
are permitted to ride on cars free of
charge.
The report, of the Committee on Streets
recommends that the petition of the cor
poration be granted and that the proposed
new franchise be granted as provided by
law.
The second petition, in which the corpo
ration seeks to secure franchises on
streets in almost every quarter of the
city. Is remarkable in its completeness.
The franchises asked for are of a nature
ADVERTISEMENTS.
&ee©fc 1 9O9«©o©«©d«©e**e® «©©•©«»«©©«©««•«> <??c
A Lame Back
/ / J^^^X Wlth peln ln the re ff»°n
<H^fe^^^^£^^Bft. of the Kldneys can be
speedily relieved and,
ffim^^fT^ \,/(i\\ '^^^^^ ; ' cured with a Belt like the
iPPj^2?«»^ A\ r / " / V -^^¥i| i; :' one shown in thls adver "
(l^r /^lflT^^^^^?s^^^^lfc*^s^sSi^/^T^'l* i* J Sft'y tisement. It conveys the
I>l|fe|^ electricity through the ,
v^W^rWmt&MW^ body right to the spot and
does the wdrk "like light-
/'/^ri nlng." With a good Belt
"^/y*'"^S- you will have no use for
-^//- ~\i"*" drugs or quack doctors.
"3V7 NjZ? Call or send 2c ln stamps
'^tsi/xN for "Booklet No. 2." Ad-
»<s!V dress:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
6StO Market Street, Opposite . Palaoe Hotel* San Francisco.
to be valueless to any other person or
corporation other than the petitioner.
This being so. there will be no competition
in the bidding for the franchises, and the
Market street company will secure valu
able concessions practically without cost.
At the same time it will gain franchises
on numerous streets and pieces of streets
and thus be enabled to effectually block
future competition. All of the franchises
asked for are to run for fifty years, and
are as follows:
Subdivision I—Commencing at the inter-,
section of Jackson and Sansome streets,
thence along Sansome to its northerly
termination. .
Subdivision ■ —Commencing at the inter-,
section of Railroad avenue and Sixteenth
avenue south, along: Railroad avenue to San
Bruno avenue, thence along San Bruno ave
nue and llllllken street to the county line.
Subdivision 3—Commencing at the inter
section of California street and Thirty- ■
second avenue, along Thirty-second avenue
to Point. Lobos avenue.
Subdivision 4—Commencing at the inter
section of Point Lobos road and Forty
pißhth avenue, along Forty-eighth avenue
to an unnamed street between A and B
streets, thence to Forty.sixth avenue,
thence to B street, thence to Forty-seventh
avenue, thence to C street, thence to Forty
ninth avenue.
Subdivision —Commencing at the corner
of Battery and California streets, thence
along Battery to Sacramento street.
.Subdivision 6—Commencing at the inter
section of Stockton and Pacific streets.
thence along Stockton street to Broadway.
Subdivision 7—Commencing at the inter
section of Hayes and Stanyan streets,
thence along Stanyan to Fulton street.
Subdivision Commencing at the inter
section of Taylor and Geary streets, thence
along Taylor to Post street.
Subdivision 9—Commencing at the inter
section of Geary street and Grant avenue,
thence along Grant avenue to Bush street,
thence along Bush to Sansome street. i
In the draft of the resolution granting
the above franchises is inserted the
clause that the person or corporation se
curing the franchises on the streets
named shall not be required- to pay to
the city a percentage of the gross re
ceipts for a period of five years. *
The report of the Street Committee rec
ommends that these franchises be grant
ed on the terms set forth. It also recom
mends that the Market Street Railway
Company be granted permission to use
electricity as a motive power on the fol
lowing named roads:
Brannan street, from First to Third;
Pacific street, from Kearny to Stockton;
Bush street, from Sansome to Battery;
McAllister street, from Devisadero to
Central avenue, and along Central ave
nue to "Fulton, and along Fulton to Sev
enth avenue; Hayes street, from Devisa
dero to Stanyan: California street, from
Central avenue to Firit avenue. Also to
use electricity as a mttive power on the
proposed "corkscrew road." so called. .
Added to the above recommendations
is one granting permission to the South
ern Pacific Company to construct a dou
ble track railroad on certain streets in
connection with its railroad to San Jose.
There was apparently nothing overlooked.
The petition of the railroad company
for the Geary street and other franchises
were first taken up for consideration by
the board. Supervisor Perrault imme
diately moved that they be referred to
the committee of the whole. This was
seconded by Supervisor Deasy, who said
he thought the matter entirely too im
portant for hasty action, in view of the
fact that the new charter was soon to go
into effect, and that by its provisions
franchises could not be granted for a
linger period than twenty-five years, and
that the city could also have the benefit
of other restrictions. Byington and Lack
mann also opposed hasty action. The mo
tion to refer was lost by the following
vote:
Ayes —Byington. Deasy. Heyer, Lack
mann, Perrault—s. Noes —Algeltinger. At
tridge. Black, Collins, Holland, Kalben,
Phelps—7.
Perrault then moved that the petitions
be referred to a select committee to con
sist of Deasy, Lackmann, Byington and
Heyer. Aigeltinger moved as an amend
ment that they be referred to the Street
Committee and that the gentlemen named
as a select committee be invited to sit
with the committee without power- to
vote. This was finally carried and then
a motion was mnde~to include Perrault
in the invitation. Pprrault asked to be ex
cused from voting for the reason, he said,
that "I see that the committee is doing
crooked work in this business and I do
not care to be mixed up in it." The mo
tion was lost.
The recommendations of the committee
were then taken up and Perrault moved
to strike out of the report all of that part
relating to street railway franchises. The
motion was lost on a tie vote, as follows:
Ayes—Byington, Collins, Deasy, Heyer,
Lackmann. Perrault—6.
Noes — Aigeltinger, Attridge, Black,
Holland. Kalben. Phelps—
It remained for Byington to discover
the error made by the railroad company,
an error due to a desire to secure speedy
action in the matter. He made the point
of order that the report of the Street
Committee, or at least that part of it re
laing to the franchises, was riot properly
before the board because the petitions of
the corporation had not first been pre
sented to the board and then referred by
the board to the Street Committee. The
Mayor held that the noint was well taken
for the reason that the committee cannot
act on any matter not referred to it by
the board. When this ruling was an
nounced Aigeltinger changed his vote
from no to aye on the previous motion to
eliminate, and that motion was then de- i
clared carried. The whole subject matter I
was then referred to the Street Commit
tee, which means a delay of at least one
week before it can again he brought be
fore the board for initial action. This de
lay may prove fatal, as the time in which
the present Board of Supervisors can
grant franchises under the law is limited.
The Raisin-Seeding Patent.
Judge Morrow rendered a decision yes
terday affirming the title of the Fruit
Cleaning Company of Brooklyn. N. V.. to
the La Due patent for a raisin seeding
machine. •*.
Avoid Spring Fever
x
General Debility, Malaria, Wasting Diseases
.. TRY
If TOID FAMOUS] V | N
*Jiil!,2rj / MARIANt WINE
•«sjs^ Endorsed and U3ed by king and cottager ; the
>■ clergy, lawyers, artists and athletes. Write to
Mariani & Co., 52 W. 15th St., New York, for book of endorse.
ments, portraits, etc., free.
Sold by Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. Beware of Imitations
Strong Drink is Death
' DR. CH ARGOT'S TONIC TABLETS
! are the only positively guaranteed remedj (or the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
b» sirring drink.
W>; (JIAHASTEE FOI It BOXES
to cure any case : with a positive written guar-
antee or refund tim money, arid to destroy the
appetite for intoxicating liquor?.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
■ CTBAMC n*D I U V oan9M Ml«*rr, Poverty
dlnUnb UnlßNand Death. Upon receipt
»f $10-00 tt3 will mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
\V6 Trritten pinmnlfi- to cure or refund
*» >"•■» Si r •'■' ■ ■
GEORGE DAHLBENDER ft CO.. Sol* Act*..
114 Ke*rny at.. San 7nu>ei«oo.
SKIN, SCALP, fSQ^
COMPLEXION, fe^ 1
Itching, burning, irritated skin, JqTCSi Jy
! scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair T»sgl/ pr
i and dandruff and blemished com- * nt~^ '
plexions instantly relieved and restored to a.
healthy, natural condition by the dally use of
■WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
. They are strictly antiseptic, healing and purl-
fying. Sold everywhere.
j ~
ai pr nAIII I Corner Fourth and
CAFE Kill 111 cur Special Brew
un I ' ■ I n L steam and Laßer
will L. lI\JII 1 L. 5c Overcoat* and
- . TT&'wf Valis"?: checked free.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Steamers leave Broadway
Bjak, wharf. San Francisco:
ftgffSjß^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. .
I I&S*c?!jxw|* Ma >' »i. ie >- 31: June 5; change
HkJSH^I For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
fi^Cirfgmi Ci. Port Towns-end, Seattle.
| r^^EffiaSHJ Tacoma. Everett. Anacort<>s
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a m.. May 21, 26. 31: June
5. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May
19, 24. 29: June 3. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Crni. Monterey. San „. Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo),
. Oavlnta. Santa Barbara. J'entura. Hueneme.
j San Pedro. East San Pedro Anpeles) and
I Newport. 9 a. m.. May 20. 24. 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
■ ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
I/os Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
I m.. May 19. 22. 26. 30: June 3. and every fourth
] day thereafter.
i For Fnsenada, Maedal^na Bay, San Jose del
I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
' and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
j mnnth. t l .^::
; For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the rtKht to change
without previous notice #teamers. sailing dates
ar><l hnurp of onlllne.
XIDKKT OFFIOB —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). %
j GOODALL. PFnKTNS ft CO.. Gen. A<rtß.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE,
rrvr YORK SOUTHAMPTON rOKDOM. PAHIV
Stopping at Cherbourg, weptbound.
From New York Every Wednesday-, 10 a. m.
: New York .'.May 81 1 New York June 21
! St. Paul ..June "'St. Paul June 23
i St. Louis June 14 St. Louis July 5
kF.I tiAi .'UiVb.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington May 3l|Southwark June 21
Noordland .'June T|We»ternland ...June 23
Friesland June 141 Kensington July 5
I FMP. lf ? LINh.
6e»ttl<>> -St. VJI;hT-1. OawT.- C'»-
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
page apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery' st., or any of its agencies. «
TOYO KISEN KAISBA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
: YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
i Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
1 connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
: India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
! NIPPON MART' Tuesday, June 27
I AMERICA MART* ...Saturday, July 22
HONGKONG MART* Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market «.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & CO. ' v
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
! LA DC *•'- HrSsrcias';! - ucnitlint; Uerrh*
rHiIL ss Second class and .Meals.
| Columbia sails May 23.
: State of California sails May IS, 28. \
j Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
; Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO..
Superintendent.
|
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXfKKaS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON-HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.-
-: NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURCL
Also NEW TORK-HAMBfKG Direct. ~
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURO-
AMERI CAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sanscme. and :
118 Montgomery st.. Ban Francisco.
HOLLAND=AMERICA LINE
IVJEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. .VIA BOU- ;
; 1" Icgne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
I (&300), STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. 150 i
upward: Second Cabin. $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., $37. . :
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK 4 SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents. 621 ; Market Street. San Francisco "
... |
■ • ■ - - .
• COMPAGNIE 'GENERALS TRANS ATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, jj— r
' Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■^3jT£,is
f r*n Pier 42, North River, foot of ■«»■»*»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. May 27: LA GAS-
COGNE, June 3; LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; ;
j LA BRETAGNE, June 17; LA TOURAINE, I
: June 24. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward, i
i 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class I
!' to Havre $45. •10 per cent reduction on round !
; trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
i STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green.
j New York. J. F. FUGAZI 4 CO., Pacific Coast
1 Agents, 5 Montgomery *r«., San Francisco.
! AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN
AN IMPRESSIVE SUCCESS!
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAT.
HERBERT
KELCBY
EFFIE
SHANNON
oo*£:P-A.:isrY
PRESENTING THE AMERICAN PLAY.
™MOTH^fIAME
-■•- By Clyde Fitch. With
ALL THE ORIGINAL CAST,
Exactly as Enacted
125 NIGHTS at the N. Y. LYCEUM THEATER.
| TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
RECEIVED WITH ROARS OF LAUGHTER.
De Koven and Smith's New Comic
Opera, in Three Acts,
"AS CONFUCIUS SAYS!"
"A CHANGED MAN."
SEE
THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS.
THE UMBRELLA DANCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
| Popular Prices 25c and 500
Telephone Bush 9.
• GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 86'
THIS EVENING.
THE
GYPSY
BARON
THE HIT OF THE SEASON!
■ Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c; Gallery, 15c.
I Branch Box Office, Emporium Building, Just
' Inside Main Entrance.
! ALCAZAR
■ TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK,
! MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success,
IN MIZZOURA.
PRICES .TTJSc, 25c, 35c, 59c.
MONDAY. MAY 29.
. The Distinguished Actor,
MR. LEVA/IS MORRISON,
In an Elaborate Production of
"Hfl/*ILET."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
< THE SENSATION OF THE DAY.
7VYOUING TOON
AND
MOUNG CHET,
THE BURMESE WONDERS.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE,
Blackface Comedians
BILLY VAN, Famous Monologist. '
THE DONOVANS, Irish Comedians.
t AND 15 'ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
, Reserved Seats, 25c; "Balcony,. 10c; Box Seats
and Ooera Chairs, Me.
MATINEES WKD.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
CONCERTS AND BESOBTS.
DdLLIW GREAT REALISTIC
WAR PANORAMA!
AT Prof. W. G. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator,
mm *• .lectures half hourly.
I VI 9 I"| 1I Si Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c.
Bay! chtidren 25c -
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. BALL,
223 Sutler st.
TWO CHAMBER CONCERTS ONLY
- By the
KNEISEL QUARTET of Boston.
FRIDAY EVENING, May 26, at 8:15. and SAT-
URDAY AFTERNOON. May 27, at
3 o'clock.
PRICES , $1 50 and $1 00
Seats now on gale at Sherman, Clay & Co.
~~~ SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. Me; CHILDREN, sc. " \
Bathing, Including admission. 25c: Children, JOo. N
OCEAN TRAVEL.
I - > -~* *■*-- - ~* "*' ~' "~ ~* ■"'
>^^ MB ■ Ulil T ne §•* S. Australia
iP^®«3fc«3!fil!L sails for Honolulu
»!,■• £*■■"■• Wednesday. May 31,
■ v?i, HL ™ . at 2 r m.
Wi£<¥t§%^^V\ s - s - Alameda sails
via Honolulu and
G)!ullll.)lllL'- / Auckland for Sydney
OP^^ rSfIIF)3RIK Wednesday. June 14.
ekS VyilipUlttp at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
' Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suei,
1 England, etc: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
■ BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN ! '
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
I dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
| leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally teicepting ■ Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. .■-•>.
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOL
' Steamer "Mont ice llo."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at S:4S
'' a. m. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
. days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. g
I p. m. " Landing and office, Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE toe
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sllver stands the pame.
Wheat lirmer and Barley weaker.
< >ats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay still cheap and neglected.
Bran nr.d Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeda as before.
Dried r^as li «rer.
Potatoes lower. Onions unchanged.
Butter and Kgsrs steady. < - heeee weak.
Two cars o! Ka.-;ern Poultry in.
New fruit coming In more freely.
Provisions linn and unchanged.
Meat market as before.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
During the month of April the value of the
Into the I'nited States
■ d the value of the exp.Tt*
during the month $88,377,194, showing an excess
of exports of $23. 145.655. For the ten months
ending April the value of the imports of mer
chandlse whs $565,269. 4J5 and that of exjn.rts
163,504 the value of the excess Of >-x
being $47L104.0«9. The excess of imports
■ the nwruh was $2,735,677 and for the
:h.- latter showing a de
: i with the same
ports "f silver for
the month was $2,767,182, and for the ten
excess the value of
\ ■ r That of. imp »rtS for
the twelve months ending SO, 1893, and
■ .: was: 1215.98 C.468, $03.
--■ . • $319,591,587, $500,648,642, 1675,
WEATHER RKPORT.
(120 th Meridian Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 22—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last • son, and rainfall In last twenty
four hours:
Last This Lost
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka - 0.01 32.57 32.83
Red BlufT O.Ofl 20.00 14.71
.--.• nto O.no 14. "6 10.15
!>an Francisco Trace. 16. 'T0 9.13
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
Kan Luis Obiepo 0.00 16.46 7.14
Los Angelee 0.00 4.95 7.06
San liego 0.00 4.»6 4.94
Yuma 0.00 1.84 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51; minimum. 4fi: mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Eastern
California nd Nevada and northward to the
International boundary. A depression appears
to be developing over the Sierras.
The tt-mperature has fallen In th» interior of
tho State, but has risen rapidly over Utah and
Northwestern Nevada.
Light rain has fallen along the coast of Cali
fornia from San Francisco northward, and
threatening weather la reported in the San
Jnaquin Valley as far south as Fresno.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hnur from the southeast Is reported from In
dependence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 23, 1599:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday; prob
ably lieht showers early Tuesday morning;
northerly winds rhanging to westerly.
Southern California— Cloudy and threatening
weather Tuesday; westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; probably showers;
cooler.
Ctah— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
frtph westerly winds
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
N"KW YORK, May 22. -The market drifted
uninterruptedly to-day until
• itve upward movement in Sugar de
:n the day. This peerned to affect
the wl - v sympathy, and prices re
: their earlier downward . ourse. Tbey
only ■ ■ Saturday's level, however,
in a few cases. I the day are gen
but are within a point in most of the
mlnent stocks. There was no
•he market at any time, the
terest ■ uitiea beinx about nil.
Neither was there any serioua pressure of
Ltlon. The result was a dull and apa
market, with the t,ears nibbling here
and there ; ■ . veak points in the list.
They were not aggressive in their tactics and
did not ■': slodge any large amounts of stocks,
- • bee« ming practically stagnant
irt Belling was desisted from.
The drooping tendency ol prices was neverthe
arked and was . — ted by positive weak
ness at few points. The stock companies which
profit bj franchises within the* State of New
York illy weak on the assembling
cislature to act on
the franchise tax bill. Metropolitan Street
Railway, Manhattan, Consolidated Gas and
■ n Transit all showed conspicuous de
clines • _ 'rum 3 to 8 points and over
ln tn '' ■ but Manhattan. Third Ave
nue waa a conspicuous exception to the group
*nd r ■ ,j .-.., i r,,.\ V *i,,ck ls-
Itocks drifted downward on politi
- : the fran
chise lax bill, and all showed notable rallies,
the net losses bein^ small, except in the case
of Brooklyn Transit and Consolidated Gas
which dosed 2 po.nis lower. The graJn-carry-
Iways, b-ith in the West and Southwt-.it
were favorites of the hears on continued talk
p damage. Anaconda Mining-. American
Smelting, the iron and steel sticks generally
and a nun:: new industrials showed
conspicuous weakness. <in the other hand New
rk Airbrake was marked up lv points. The
illy iva* induced by tne vigorous
upward movement in Sugar to I>sl un very large
nt buying. The uneasiness "of the
- over fills demonstration of strength
them to cover in other stocks, making
the close quite active and firm. The holiday in
ly nd .n withdrew the usual influence from that
Money continued abundant and easy,
and the foreign exchange market abated none
dimness, though there were no large de
mands i'-r bills.
The bond market was affected In sympathy
with stocks, and snowed an abatement of its
recent activity and developed weakness in
spots. Early in the day there was a continu
ance of the large absorption of some of the
new issues, but this fell oft as the day pro
gressed. Total sales. J3.170.000.
Government bonds showed no change In quo
tations.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
shares, Including: American Steel and
Wire 10,900, American Sugar 4\'"»'. Anaconda
14,300, Atchison pi -... Baltimore and
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 65.0 CM, Uur
. Consolidated Uas 3200. Continen
tal Tobacco 7400, Federal Steel 21, 100, I^<»uisville
ar.d Nashville 4000, -Manhattan 16,.''X), Metrupoli
tan Street Railway 4100, Missouri Paclfli
W »rtl ■ 100, Pacific Mail 35t0, People's
Gas U.BOQ, Rock Island 7100, St. Paul 6500
m Pacific 4700, Tennessee Coal and Iron
nion Pacific 8100, Union Pacific preferred
tes Rubber 3100; silver bullion,
certificates, 40,000
CIA >SING STOCKS.
Atchison IS Do prefd 3214
L"5 prefd 54%!5t Paul 123U
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 j Do prefd 163U
Canada Pacific... !»6% St P & Om V. 93
Canada Southern.. 53V4' Do prefd .. 170
Cent Pac 62 So Pacific 32*:
Ches & Ohio 25% So Railway 11%
Chi & Alton 160 | Do prefd 50%
Chi B & Q 120 Texas & Pacific... 19*4
Chi & E 111 74 Union Pacific ..... «2
, J)o prefd 121 ! Do prefd 7o£
Chi O W 13% Wabash ?u
Chi Ind & L 9 . Do prefd 20N,
Do prefd 38 "Wheel &L E new. &ii
Chi & N W 152V4 Do 2d prefd .... »
Do prefd V 192 j Express Companies—
C C C & St L 62% Adams Ex 11l
Do prefd 55. j American Ex .. 140
Del & Hudson in United States . 48
Del L & W 164V4 Wells Fargo 125
Den & Rio G 22%. Miscellaneous—
Do prefd 76% A Cot Oil 34%
Erie new 12'^j Do preM SOU
Do Ist prefd 34% Ann Spirits .. UTi
Ft Wayne 184 1 Do prefd 34%
Gt Nor prefd 173 Am Tobacco ... 104 Vi
Illinois Cent 1124 Do prefd 141
Lake Erie A- W.... M Cong Gas 178%
Do prefd 67% i_ u m Uauie Co 179
Lake Shore 208 Col F & Iron .. . 46*4
Louis & Nash .... 65%: Do prefd 105
Manhattan L 108T4 Gen Electric 118
Mcl St Ry 219 Haw Com! Co .. m
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T.... 112%
Minn & St L 574 Intnl Paper 4S
Do Ist prefd 100% | Do prefd 1,0
Mo Pacific 42Mi|Laclede Gas 53
Mobile & Ohio 41 [Lead 31«
Mo X & T 12 ' Do prefd lUH
Do prefd 33^ Nat Lin Oil 41Vi
N J Central 110H Pacific Mail ........ 48%
N T Central 131% People's Gas 118*
N V Chi &St L.. 13 Pullman Pal ISBU
Do Ist prefd 65 [Silver Cert 61%
Do 2d prefd .... 29 Standard RAT... BV4,
Nor West — l?Vi Suifar 160*4
No Amer Co 11^ Do prefd H7U
No Pacific 48^ T C & Iron 56%
Do prefd 76% V S Leather 6
Ontario & W 25V4 Do prefd 69%
Or R & Nay prefd. 70% V S Rubber 464
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 6) . Do prefd 115
Do 2d j)r<-i<l 57 West Union 81%
Pittsburg IS4 Am S & W C 0.... (534
Reading 19^a Do i>refd 97
Do lot prefd 54 iPac Coast 39
R G W 33 1 Nor & W prefd .. 67%
Do prefd 77 IFed Steel 60%
Rock Island 110 I Do prefd .81%
St L & S F 10^'Colo Southern .... 6V4
Do prefd 69 j Do Ist prefd ;... 46'
Do 2d prefd .... 36 I Do 2d prefd .. isu
St L& S W 13Vi> : :-::-.■
CLOSING BONDS.
D 8 2b reg 100 MX & T ?d5...... 67
Do 3s reg 10R% Do 4s 95%
Do 3s coup 108% N.YCentlsts 114
Do new 4.s reg...130 iN J Cent gen 55..120V4
Do new 4s c0up. .130 INo Carolina 8s 127 •
Do old 4s reg....H2% Do 4b 104
Do old 4s c0up.. .1134 No Pacific lst» 120
Do 5» reg 112%! Do 3s 67%
Do s[> coup 112% l Do 4s 106H
Diet of C 3.66s 118 ; N V C & 6t L to. .1W
_. 1. . .."•■•■ • » 1 - —'
Alabama clans A..Uo4|Nor & W con 45... 94%
Do class B 110 Do gen 6s 131
Do class C 101 'Oregon Nay hits. ..lll
Do Currency 101 Do 4s 103%
Atchison gen to.. 102 Oregon S L6s 131T4
Do adj 4s 81"6 Do con 6s 111%
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading gen 4f... 88%
Ches & Ohio 5 5.. 94% Rio Q W lsts 99%
Do 5s 118^'St I. & 1 m con os. lll
Chi & N W eon 75. 143 St 1. .v S I" gen 65. 124
Do S F deb 55. ...122 St Paul con 168
Chicago Term 4a.. .102% St T 1 C & P 15t*. ..123%
Den & Rio Q Ists..loo4| Do 5s 123 :
Do 4s 10315, So Railway 5s 11l '
E T V * C, 15t5. ...105 Stand H & T 05... 864
Erie gen 4s 714 Term new pet 35... 974
F W & D C lstß.. gSM Tex & Pacific lsts.llii'-,
Oen Electric 55... .120% Do 2ds 65%
G H&S A6s 114 Union Pacific 45...107%
Do 2ds 1114 Wabash lsts 116%
H&T Css 1124 Do 2ds 99%
Do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114H
lowa Cent lsts 114 Win Cent lsts 7:"- 4
XC P & G lsts... 65 Va Centuries 84%
La new con 4s lint*, Do Deferred 5
L& N unified 4»... 99 Colo Southern 45.. S7
MI.M.Mi STOCKS. • ;
("hollar 25 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 22 Ophlr 100
Con Cal * V 1 25 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould ft Ctfrrjr 25 i Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 80 Sierra Nevada ; 70
Homestalte 60 00 Standard 2 4')
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 33
Mexican 40: Yellow Jacket 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 84
Call loans 3V4@4V4 West End 92
Time l..an» 34«S . Do prefd 116
Stocks— Westlnghouse El.. 19%
Atch Top &St Fe. 18 Wisconsin Cent —25
Do prefd 544 Bonds—
American Sugar.. .I*l ,Atrhis.-in 4s 1014
Do prefd :117% Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 345 Adventure 11%
Boston & Albany.. 26o AUouez Mm Co — T>'s
Boston Elevated... ll2 | Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine... lSO Boston & Mont — 370
Chi Bur & Q 13"'h Butte A Boston — 91Vi
Ed Elec 111 200 Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Fitchburg prefd.. .llo | Centennial 41
Gen Electric 115 Franklin 2IV»
Federal Steel 60 |Humbotdt  2%
Do prefd SI Osceola SS
Mexican Central... 13% Parrot 65
Michigan Te1...:... 92 Quincy I*3
Old Colony 209 Santa Fe Copper.. HVs
Old Dominion 43% Tamarack 228
Rubber 48M> Wlnona 15
Union Pacific 42% Wolverine KM
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 21.— FLOUR—
17,700 barrels; exports, SS44. Steadier and held
higher, especially for spring patents. Minne
sota patents, $3 90©4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 67.525 bushels; exports,
173,400. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 86% c spot and
to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, Bl%e ele
vator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 80S'" f. O. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened steady and
immediately developed strength that Increased
as the day advanced. It was occasioned by a
sharp Southwestern advance and plentiful news
of fly damage in Ohio, Illinois and Indiana.
The close was strong at T vi >.','' net advance.
May Sl%@S2%c closed 82% c; July. 7S%@
79 15-16 c. closed 79% c; September, 77%@79c; De
cember. 78@79%c closed 78% c
HOPS- Steady.
HIDES Firm.
WOOL— Steady. •
METALS The week In the metal market be-
Kins with trade condition* apathetic and news j
of importance not In evidence. The few changes ;
(not reported in prices to-day) lacked special
significance. At the close the Metal Exchange
called: , I
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet at til 50 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Dull at $1? 50; nominal.
TIN" Dull, with $25 50 bid and $25 60 asked.
LEAD— DuII, with $4 45 bid and $4 474 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 25 and lor cop
per $18 75@19.
SPELTER— with $<> 75 hid and $7 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales, IMb bags, Including:
May, $■'■; June. $5; October, $5 35; November,
$5 40. Spot coffee— Rio, dull; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and firm; refined, quiet
and firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.635 packages. Steady. |
Western creamery, 15«?lSc; factory. ll%@lßc.
EGGS— Receipts, 16,324 packages. Firm and
higher. Western, Js@ls4c; Southern, 14@15c. ■
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 22.— California dried fruits |
steady.
X EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B*c;
prime wire tray, B%®9Ke: fancy, r^'alOc.
PRUNES .■''■-'■
APRICOTS— Royal, 13*(frl4c; Moorpark, 14';
18c.
PEACHES— Unreeled, 9*«ni*c; peeled, - : ' r ''' .
28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May Wheat started easy un
der heavy liquidation owing to Increased de- j
liveries and favorable weather. The decline !
was checked, however, by (sensational bad crop !
damages reports, backed with buying orders \
and samples of By-infected wheat from half a |
dozen different States. The 8 luthwest sent I
heavy orders to buy. Report that the Buffalo i
strike was practically ended finished the rout
of the bears, who bid the market up through- j
out calls. When calls were reached there was
a reaction of %c, but on the rush of crop dam- j
age news the market continued upward and
closed at the top. July opened unchanged at
73*<g73%c, touched 73% '.(T:v\c. declined to 73Uc,
advanced to 75Hc, and closed buyers at 7jc.
A decrease of 2,162,000 bushels in the visible
supply and cool weather strengthened corn.
July closed He and (4c higher.
An increase of 272.000 bushels in the visible
and large receipts weakened oats to-day, but
the market finally rallied in sympathy with the j
strength in other grains. July closed \ t c
higher.
Provisions ruled dull and heavy early, but ,
picked up near the end in sympathy with the !
advance in grains. Pork advanced 6c, and lard I
and ribs 2*c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72% 74 72% 74
July 73% 75* 73V* 75 !
September 73* 745, • 7SH 74% I
Corn No. 2—
May 32% 33- 32% 33 |
July 33% 33* i 33«4 33%
September 24 34% 33 7 8 31% j
Oats No. 2— 27* 27* 26* 26*
May 27* 27V, 26\ 2*\
July 23% 24 23% 24
September 20% 21 20* 20", ;
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July * 17* 825 8 l."> 8 2.'.
September 835 840 8 32* 840
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 5 12' i 515 all 515
September 5 224 5 27* I 224 5 27* \
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 470 4 72* 4 67* 4 724;
September 4SO 4 87* 4SO 4 87*
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 724^7ri' c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 68@72*c; No. 2 red, 74'g) :
76* c; No. 2 corn, 3.''A 4 c; No. 2 oats, 27 V- No.
2 white. 294© No. 3 white, 2s*'a23Vjc; No.
2 rye, 62c; No. 2 barley. S?94oc; No. 1 fiaxseed, i
$1 06; Northwest, $107*; prime timothy seeed,
$2 35: mess pork, per barrel, $8 1598 20; lard, !
per 100 pounds, $5 07*!§» 10; short rib sides,
loose, 14 6604 85; dry salted shoulders, boxed,
4 1 i'g4*c; short clear sides, boxed, fS9S 10; .
whisky, distillers' finished poods, per gallon,
$1 26; sugar, cut loaf, 6.02 c; granulated. 5.52 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 8.000
Wheat, bushels 25.000 79,000
Corn bushels P6.000 186,000
Oats, bushels 249,000 306.000
Rye. bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels. 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 12<?17*c: dair
ies, 10#16c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12%@13c.
Cheese, easy; creams, 9@10?4c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour- Holiday.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May CATTLE— There was a
lively demand to-day at steady prices. Fancy
prdaes sold at $5 50<55 65; choice steers, $5 2">ig>
5 40; mediums, 14 8064 95; beef steers, {4 269
4 75; Btockers and feeders, $4 < y."i 25; bulls, $3®
4 50; cows and heifers. 53fi?. 25; Western fed
steers, |4 8096 40; Texans, $4g-5; calves, $4 509
7 60. " . -;...;
HOGS— early market was weak, with
prices ruling 5c lower, but the later buying was
brisk and a stronger feeling prevailed. Fair
to choice, $3 KOS »7%; heavy packers. $3 55*3)
3 82*; mixed, 13 6.V53 87*; butchers, $3 6503 90;
light, $3 65«i3 87*; pigs. $3 ISO* 75.
SHEEP— There was the biggest kind of buy-
Ing of sheep and lambs and prices shot up i
lK®2sc for both. Colorado wooled lambs brought
$6 60®7; clipped lambs, J4 50®6 65; yearlings
$3 2&V6 S5; sheep, 1495 60. chiefly- $5 and up
ward.
Receipts— Cattle. 21,000; hogs, 40,000; sheep.
17.000. " '
CALIFORNIA FRTIT SALES.
CHICAC.O, May 22.— California fruit sold to
day as follows: Tartarian?, Itc^U 50 per box;
Black Blgereaus, 7T>cfjs2 3, r , ; < 'lovelands, Jl 80,
Governor Woods, 6OC&-»1 45: Oxhearts, $1 4n-
Rookports. 70eff$l 2n.
NEW YORK. May 22.-California fruit sold
to-day a* follows: Cherries— Royal Anne, K9O
©■6 20, average ?4 33 per box.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 22. — COTTON— Quiet ;
middling. b%c.
visible <;rain supply.
NEW YORK, M»y aß.^rhe statement of the
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
visible supply of grain in Btore and afloat on
Saturday, May 80, as compiled by the Now
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat,
25,167.0110 bushels, decrease 560,000; corn, 17,018,
--000, decrease 2,162,000; oAs, 8,023,000. increaM
290.000; rye, 831.000. Increase, 14,000; barley,
5,531,000, Increase 18,000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 22.— Clearings. $2*7,032;
balances, $67,015.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 22.— Transactions in wheat
were very light to-day and exporters were
quoting Walla Walla at 56<?if574c, but were less
kindly disposed toward valley at 68@GS4c, with
bluestem nominally 69!S'60c.
Cleared— British ship Yarata, for Queenstown.
with 120.419 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON;
TACOMA. May 22.- The week opens with
wheat dull and showing no improvement over
closing prices for last week. Club, 664 - blue
stem. C9%c.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, Til.. May 22.— BUTTER— Easy at 17c.
Offerings, 573 tubs. Sales.' 122 tubs at 16c. There
were bids of 16c on all lots offered.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSVi
Sterling Cables — 4 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight 15
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 1714
Mexican Dollars — jq
Fine Silver, per ounce — (jqjj
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Primrose Hill takeg for Liver
pool 63.5.">3 ctls. valued at $76.!>5n.
The persistent bull news semes to be taking
effect fit last, though the Chicago operators
are Btlll bearish. The market there was firmer,
with weather wet and cold and unfavorable to
growing crops. The outside support was mod
erate, but prospects were in favor of an ad
vance. St. I^iuis and the Went bought heav
ily. The only thins that stood in the way of
an advance was the present apathy in specu
lation, which doe 6 not icra to wake up.
The local market was higher on call, but un
changed on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 06Vi; milling,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 16; 6000. $1 15%; 12.000, $1 15%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls ' $1 16>,i :
SOOO, $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session— December— IS 000
ctls, $116%; 28,000, $1 16%,
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, $116%
BARLEY— The market was dull. There was
no decline on the spot, but futures were lower.
Feed, $1 lull 1 124; Brewing. $1 15@1 17ft per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99 new— l 4 -
000 ctls, 8«% c; 4000, 86% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls 90Ue
OATS— Is nothing new. Offerings are
down to almost nothing, but there Is no de
mand. .
. Fancy Feed. $1 47H®1 50 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 42'a'gi 474: common, $1 374@1 40-
Surprise, $1 60; Gray, $1 Ss®l 45; Milling, $1 45@
150 per ctl; Red, $1 35@1 40; Black, $130^,
1 3 2 2 - ■ • T- <• ■ ;■ ■
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket.
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 35: Eastern
large Yellow. $1 124@1 15; White. $1 15@1 174;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE-$l«gl 024 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Fl.OT'R— California family extras, $3 60f?3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40Jj 3 sf •; Oregon
and Was-hington, $3 40;g'3 45 per bbl for extra.
$ '/I; 4(» for bakers" and $2 30^2 i 0 for super
fine.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 tbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. 12 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50<g4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25.ia3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, S4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
O.>fs (barrels), $6 55C?6 95; in sacks, $6 35(38 76-
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas
$5 per UK) lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFF?.
Hay is still in the dumps. Consumers are
firmly convinced that they are going to get
Hay for nothing this year, and will not buy.
A car of new Wheat and Oat sold at $8, a cargo '
of new Alfalfa at $5 50, and a car of mixed Oat.
Barley and Clover was withdrawn, $6 7.", being
; the best bid. Old Hay rules dull, in spite of
; the moderate receipts.
Feedstuff? are unchanged. Call sale of 2000
ctls Bran, seller '99, at $13 50
BRAN — Sl' ;.,k,il7 per ion.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 .■' 620 per ton.
FEEDSTI -Rolled Barley, J23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, !25&2« &«; Job
bing. $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, J21@22; Cornmeal
52.1 50924 50; ■ Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed
Feed. $15@16; Cottonseed Meal. J24©26 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, f 105512 for good to choice and
$7 50«?9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat. $7*3
11; Oat. 16910: Barley, 1698; Alfalfa, J4Q6 50.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans and Seeds are dull and unchanged.
Dried Peas are lower.
BEANS— {1 40<j?l 50; Small White. $1 90
92 10; Large Whites. fl 509} «0; Pinks, $l 70®
1 80; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4 10<S4 25: Butters '
nominal; Llmas, $3 Sog4 05; Pea, {2 2592 40; Red
Kidneys. 12 25'g2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2%®3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed
2*4 c per lt>; Alfalfa, 84*940; . Rape, 3@3*c;
Hemp. 4Q!4\ic: Timothy. 4^-g-. r
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 5091 90; Green. $1 75
m 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 780 boxes Asparagus, 111 boxes
Rhubarb. 210 sacks Peas, ISO sacks Beans and
2334 boxes and 145 sacks new Potatoes.
Potatoes are lower. Onions are unchanged.
Fresh Mexican Tomatoes and Green Peppers
are on the market. Otherwise there is very
little new in Vegetables.
POTATOES— »I 25©1 50 for River Burbanks;
Orepon, $1 2.i<gl 75; New Potatoes, l}4<fiiy.c per
lb in sacks and $1 2591 50 for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS — are nominal; new, 35540 c per
pack fcr Reft. •
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c@$t 25 per box
for No. 2. $1 5091 75 for No. 1 and $292 25 tor
fancy; Rhubarb, 35<§60c per box for common
and 75c<K$l for good to choice; Green Peas, $1
'•i ! 50 per sack for common and 2@~2*c for Gar
den; String Beans from Los Angeles, s<S6c for
green and 6isSc for Golden Wax; String Beans
; from Vacaville, 697 c for Green and 7@Sc for
Wax; Horse Beans, 50975 c per sack; Cabbage
, $1 23<fn 35; Tomatoes, $1 7,"^2 per box; Mexican
; Tomatoes, $1 \(«Ul 50; Egg plant, 10@12*c per
| lb; Garlic. s®6c for new; Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers. 10c;
Carrots. 30940 c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
40c(iT$l per dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c;
Marysville Cucumbers, $2 5098 per box; Sum
mer Squash, 75c95l per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern are on the market at 15c
for Turkeys, $5 for Ducks, $1 50 for Geese, $6
(67 50 for Hens and $5 5096 for old Roosters.
Local stock was nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers and I?fil4c for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 50; Goslings. $2: Ducks. {4 50f(t5 50 for old and
Jo 50@7 for young; Hens, %i 50*25 50; young
Roosters, J7si'S 50; old Roosters, $4 50(§5; Fryers,
jt.fjr, 50; ■ Broilers. $4 505?5 50 for large. $2 50®
3 50 for small: Pigeons, $2 25@2 50 per dozen for
old and $2®2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Jl; Rabbits, Jl 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs were steady and unchanged.
Cheese continued weak at former -prices.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 16H@17c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— 16c; good to choice, 13@14Uc
store. lift! per lb.
CHEESE mild new, 9c; old, 8c-
Young America, 10c: Eastern, 13@15c.
EQGS— Quoted at 15<gl6c for store and 17©18 c
per dozen for ranch Eastern. 16V4@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1075 'boxes Cherries and 71J
chests Strawberries.
The week opened with a larger assortment of
fruits. flyman Plums came In and sold at $1 50
®2 per box. Logan Berries brought 50@60c per
drawer. Teaches and Apples sold readily, but
Prlngle Apricots from Fresno sold slowiy nt
$1(pl 60 per box. Those from Vacaville are
quoted below.
Berries with few exceptions were lower. ..
Cherries "were weak in spite of a falling of!
In receipts. No Currants were reported.'
• The cannTs are contracting for Apricots on
the following basis: For choice large Santa
Claras. $40<ii.V> per ton; for Southern and San
Joaquin, $20*7 35. For Bartlett Pears the grow
ers are asking S3s<§4o, and the canners are bid
ding $25@30. Peaches are reported dropping
somewhat in the upper San .loaijutn. Clings are
being contracted for at $3<Xg'4O, but the canners
are shy of this fruit, fearing a very large
crop. .
• Citrus fruits remain unchanged, except Grape
Fruit, which is lower and hard to sell.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 50@250 for lair to good and $:ii?r3 50
for choice to fancy: Green Apples, 75c per box
• BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25c per drawer and
V^fi2^c per Ih in bulk: Blackberr'»» from New
castle, $1 50 per crate; Strawberries.' $3 50@5 per
chest for small and $3@4 50 for large berries;
Raspberries, 30c@$i; per drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, $1 26 per crate.
Currants, per drawer. >;■•••■ ••.I-.:, 1
_. Cherries. 35gJ50c for *0@650 Iqr jrbjte, "gc
' " "" : • ■"'"■■" "'■'■'•■
for Royal Anne and fisc(gsl per box for black;
black, In bulk. 6<S/Se; white, 2^'§-4c per lb;
Royal Anne, .
Apricots, per crate and $1 75@2 per box.
Peaches, $1 25#2 per box.
Cherry Plums. $1 per box.
CITRUS XXI ITS— Navel Oranees. $2 25453 7..
per box; Seedlings, $1 25fir2 25: Mediterranean
Sweet*. $1 5041 2 25; Lemons, $1 25@1 50 for com
mon and $2'*i'2 50 for rood to choice- Mexican
Limes, $4 50; California Limes. 50<g75c per
small box; Grape Fruit, 60c$$l; Bananas.
(i 50®8 per bunch; Pineapples, Jim per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50' s, 5@
54c for 50-60' s, 4©4Hc for 60-70' s. 34@3%c for
70-80' s. 2%@SV;c for 80-90' s, 24@2%c or . 90-100' s
and 2@2%c for 100-110's; Peaches. S"4®9'!.c for
good to choice, 100104 c for fancy and 14@1~5c for
peeled; Apricots. 124013 c for Royals and 14JM5c
for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples 9@94c- sun
dried, out; Black Figs, out: Plums, nominal
14c for unpltted and 44<£6c for pitted; Pears'
3@9c, according to color, etc. - ■■■■'
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 445?6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 34c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 »0
for London Layers; Dried Grapes 2%®3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. ■7c per 1b; Walnuts. 'ssesc
for hardshell, 10<glle or softshell; Almonds 8®
9c for hardshell. 12©13 c 'for softshell. 14@16c for
papershell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 44®
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5
HONEY— Comb, 10® lie for bright and B@9c
for lower grades: water white extracted • 7W@
74c: light amber extracted, 7c; dark s#sUc
per lb. ■ • . \ ■
BEESWAX— per lb. .
PROVISIONS. -.
The situation is firm and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
84@9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@lSc for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll@ll%c; California
Hams. 10@10%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Heef. $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16-
Smoked Beef, lie per lb. ' ■ -
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7U@7%c for pure; half barrels
pure. Sc: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@6T4c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, lib palls, 60 In a case, 94c;
S-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; :-lb pails. 12 In a
c«se, SVsc; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 84c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9%c; light. 84c: Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6<g64c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10^300 each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool
90c<g$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and II for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, <<34>4c per lb;
No. 2, 3%®3%c; refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns. 7 months, 7@9c: year's staple, 6WBC;
Foothill and Northern" free, lOiS^c; Foothill
and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada, S@l2c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@l2c.
Fall Worls—
Northern Mountain 7 <g!Bc
Southern Skiffle
Plains 5%<36c
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10!&llc per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13*5~15c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions are as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@S4c per Ib for Steers and 64®7c
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, "c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B®S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, BH®s?tO for small, s%if?
s"gc for medium and ," / 'qs' 2 c for large; stock j
Hogs and Feeders. 4%' i3 i oc; dressed Hogs, 7 I
<&S4c. . ■ I
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. sU@s%c for June j
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, »6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $5; Cumberland, $S 50 In bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered. . r %c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. l^c: Confectioners' A, 6V.c: Cali
fornia A. sc: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C. 4%c: barrels, l-16c more, half barrels,
I ',4c more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
I No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, May 22.
Flour, qr sks 14,060 Sugar, sks 2,845
Barley, cti* 3, .?»',.> Sugar, bbl« 100
Oats, ctls. 0r.... 870 Lime, bbls 273
Corn, ctls. Bast.. 600 Hay. tons " 421
Cheese, ctls 56 Leather, r0115.... 177
Butter, ctla 319 Wine, gals 57,500
Beans. ska 515 Pelts, bills 65
Potatoes, sks 1.579 Hides, no 3(«6
Shorts, sk.-- 590 Eggs, doz . 15,810
Onions, sks 189 Quicksilver, flks. 43
Bran. sks 2,163: Wool, bags 604
Middlings, sks.... 615 1
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 8,750 Bran, sks 51S
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quieter than for some time on
the morning session, and the only change wor
thy of note was a slight advnce in Contra
Costa Water to $71. /'i;- '
Business continued quiet in the afternoon at ;
about the morning's quotations.
■ The feeling in mining stocks was firmer and
prices made a general but slight advance. The
telegram from the pump said: "We are run
ning the second elevator on half time, keeping
the water just above the 1930 foot level. The
first elevator has been changed, and is now in
place, ready for lowering. We expect to have
it lowered and working again by the end of
this week."
The Alta Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5 cents per share.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company has
sent out notices to the effect that the divi
dend in June will be 40 cents per share. The
company has been paying 50 cents per share !
monthly for several years.
In the Ophir mine, in the old Central tunnel
ground, the direction of the northeast drift
has been changed to a north course, following
the hanging wall, and it is now out 270 feet,
with the face in a well defined clay wall, with
a mixture of quartz and porphyry. In the
bottom of the drift they find quartz with sul
phides of copper and iron, assaying $2 10 per
ton. They have started and driven 7 feet an
east crosscut from the north drift 95 feet,
south of the Mexican shaft, for the purpose
Of learning the exact position of the walls of
the vein In this neighborhood, as statements
have recently been made by old miners that
an old vein exists to the east and north of
the present workings, measuring from the !
Mexican shaft. The Sutro tunnel connection
was extended 15 feet; total, 13$ feet: face In
hard hanging wall rock that Is now showing
thin clay seams that cause the ground to break
better when blasted. Work has been continued
on the quartz stringers, and the southwest
drift extended 7 feet; total length. 10 feet, with
the quartz stringer between the clay walls still
In the face showing no ore. They will drift
on this stringer for some distance, and if noth
ing of value is found, will then sink the winze
deeper and prospect the ore that they have
found on the southwest side of the winze.
The following work was done in the Consol
idated California and Virginia mine during tn>»
past week, under the auspices of the Comstock
Pumping Association: 1400-foot level— west
drift has been extended 18 feet, total distance
from C. & C. shaft, 688 feet. The face is in
dry soft hanging wall rock. This drift has to
be driven Jfi7 feet further west before reaching
the east end of crosscut No. 2 from the 1400
--foot level of the Consolidated Virginia shaft
1650-foot level—The drifts connecting with
winzes from this level to the 1700-foot level are
being repaired to keep airways open. 1750-foot
level— The south drift from the west crosscut
has been extended « feet, total length 93 feet.
The force of miners has been engaged In shaft
work for nearly all the past week, so that but
little work has been done In this drift- a few
defective sets of timbers in the main west
drift have been repaired during the week The
winze station was to have been finished May
20. The hoisting engine to- be run by com
pressed air is in place, and the air pipe If on
the surface, ready for lowering into the shaft
1800-foot level— The opening and partial develop
ment of this level is fully described in the an
nual reports of the Consolidated California and
Virginia Company for the years 1891. IS!>2 and
1393. From these reports they learn .that no
connection was made with the winze leading to
the 1850- foot and 1960-foot levels. The plan that
is now being carried out has in view the open
ing of the 1800-foot level, the recovery of th
winze from which the 1800-foot was first open- i
ed, and a connection to be made with th»
winze sunk from the 1750 to the 1950 When
these connections have been made the known
low-grade quartz bodies can b» further devel
oped and such ore as will pay for extraction
mined. As the C. & C. shaft will he required
for the work of the pumping association an in
expensive hydraulic hoist can be placed In the
chutes that are now , USe ? for taking Waste roc*
from the 1860-fotf level to. the Sutro tunnel
and all the waste from the 1750-foot level and
nil points that ore to be reached through the
winze which la now equipped for work" can
be sent through the chutes of the Sutro tun
nel hOn the surface the preparatory work of
overhauling the main hoisting engine is being
given all possible attention ■ ■ ■
iJ'\ the Sierra Nevada mine on the 140-foot
level the north lateral drift is out 26G feet, with
the face in quartz. The west crosscut which
is out 16 feet, with the face In porphyry, has
neen stopped and an east crosscut started op
posite the mouth of the west one, which latter
crosscut Is out IS feet, with the face In quartz,
£}&/, and parser/. .On h.e SJJtoo.ot level thoj.
north drift from the west crosscut is out 58 f«*t;
the face Is in porphyry.
In the Hale & Norcross mine the old Nor
cross tunnel hap been cleaned out anil retim
herod 52 -feet, making the total distance 117
feet. In the upper tunnel the south drift on the
company's Santa Fe ledge has been extended
5 feet, total, 8 feet; formation, quartz. .
In the Chollar and Potosi mines the' grading
from the dump to the mouth, of the Chollar-
Potoel Joint west tunnel : has been completed
and track laid. Started " the tunnel and ad
vanced the same 10 feet; face in porphyry. Su
tro tunnel level— Have placed ten sets of tim
bers In the Zadlg drift. ■ dug drain and made
necessary repairs from the mouth of drift in a
distance of 260 feet. The face is in a cave
which has completely filled the drift. •
At the Osblston shaft, of .the Best & Belcher
and Gould & Curry mines they are putting in
a pipe for the purpose of getting water from
the Gould & Curry tank. They are still repair
ing the engine and building the brickwork .or
the boilers. On the Sutro tunnel level the
water has fallen in the. shaft 11 fe<?t 5 inches
during the week; total. distance below the sta
tion. 87 feet 6 inches, or a distance of 34 feet
7 inches since the first measurement on
April 9.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. '
MONDAY, May 22-2 p. m.
, : Bid. Ask. ■ Bid. Ask
Bonds — Equit G L Co. 7 74
is quar c0up. .114 . — . i Mutual El Co. 15% 16
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas;. 44% 45 1
4s .quar new. .12914130 Pac Gas Imp.. — 67%
3s quar coup..lo7%loß>ii Pac LCo — 46
Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... 67 67V;
Cal-Bt Cab 58.117' — San Fran. 3% 3%
Cal Elec L 126^1274 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 5s — 113 |-*' insurance—
• Dup-st ex c... — — •■; 'Firem's Fund. 223 —
E L & P 65... 13041314' Bank Stocks—
F & Cl Ry 6s. 115% — <*nirlo-Cal — «74
,Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 261 265
'H i- & S 545. 102% — Cal 8 D &T. — 99
L A Ry 6s 107%108 I' rst Natlonl..22'l
L A L Co 6s..ll'l*i — I Lon P & A. ..131 132
Do gntd .101% — j Mer Exchange — 16
Market -st t0. ..128% - Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Do Ist M ss. — 118 Havings Hanks—
N C NGK 75.108 — iGer S & IAI6OO 1640
N Ry Cal .116% — I Hum S & L.1050 1180 X
NR of Cal 55. 113 V* — Mutual Say.. — 414>i
N PC R R 6s. — 108 IS F Say U.. 500 . — "
N PC R R 55103 — R& L 50.... - »1%
N Cal R R 111% — Security S B 250 310 .
Oak Gas 55.. ..11 l — I Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 63.. 127 139 Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 65. 107 — California 116 —
P&O 6s 117 - <*-ary .v/% -
Powell-st 85... - 1224 Market-st .... 63 63%
Sac El Ry ss. — — OaK c> L. &H. — —
PF& N P 55.116 M — 'Presidio — 17
SF & S JV55.114%1154 Powder— 'V
SWraßCal 6s..l>ifiy* — <~a]ifornla 1™ 1 4
BPof Ar .114 — E Dynamite... 87% 95
BPC 6s (1906) — 112 Giant Con Co. 77% 78
SPC 6s (1906) — — Vigor! 3% 4%
S P C«s (1912) — — , Sugai*-
BPPJi eg 55.1 M% — Hana P C 0.... 174 17%
SP Br 65... 123 — Haw C& S C.115 118
8 V Water 6s. 11«%116% Hutch S PC— 35
8 V Water 4o.uu — Kllauea S Co.. 32% 33
S V W45(3dm).102%103 Onomea S Co. 43% 44* 4
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 — : Paauhau S P. 424 42%
Water Stocks— Mlscellaneou*-
Contra Costa.. 714 71% Al Pac A5Fn..1124«3>4
Mann Co hi — 1 Ger Ld Wks.2so —
Spring Valley. lol% — ,Mer Ex Asiin.. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. — 904
Capital Gas... — — |PacAFA.... 24 —
Central G Co.. — — Pac S Dor C 0.120. 120 — .
Cent L & P... — 74' Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Morning Session.
Board— . ;' A \
60 Contra Costa Water «1 00
10 Giant Powder Con 77 75 ■
5 Giant Powder Con 78 00
275 Hana Plantation Co 17 62Va
100 Hana Plantation Co, b 5 17 62'/j
15 Market Street Hallway 63 00
10 Oakland Gas 45 00
lOO.Onomea Sugar Co 44 25
475 l'aauhau S V Co 42 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 00
45 S F Gas & Klectric Co 66 75
550 Vlgrortt Powder 4 00
Street—
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5... 107 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
730 Contra Costa Water 71 50
125 Contra Costa Water 71 37^
100 Contra Coma Water, b 5 .71 50
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 62V4
155 Hutchlnson SP Co 34 75
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 42 I- 1 ?
130 Paauhau S 1' Co 42 00
lo 1 ) S F Gas l* Electric C 0...; 67 00
15 S F Gaslight 3 62%
$2000 S F & N 1' Ry bonds 116 00
25 S V Water 101 75
30 S V Water 101 50
SOW U S3 per cent bonds 107 75
Street— - ♦ "
10 Bank of California, b 5 263 00
$1000 SV( per cent bonds (3d mtge) 102 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
35 Market Street Railway 63 123
M irket Street Railway 63 U0
20 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
40 Paauhau S I' Co 42 12U
IT;'. Vlgorit Powder 3 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 75
2." 8 F Gas & Klertric Co 66 >7'i
20 Giant Powder Con 78 00
10 Giant Powder Con 77 87%
65 Contra Costa Water 7100
20 Paauhau S P Co 41 S7VJ
10 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
1". K-juitable Gag 7 00
50 Contra Costa Water 70 50
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 117 50
26 Mutual Electric Co 15 75
150 Vigorit Powder 4 12V4
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 71 ]2<j
20 Contra Costa Water 71 00
2<i Hana Plantation Co •. 17 62Vi
30 Hana Plantation Co  . 17 75
20 Market Street Railway 63 12Vi
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 75
1" S V Water 101 574
800 Vigorit Powder 4 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornl&s Session.
400 Alta 07 100 Hale & Norcrs. 35
660 Mest & Belcher 50 450 Ophir 110
100 Caledonia 60 500 Sog Belcher.... o3
100 Challenge 36 400 Union Con 45
650 Con < - al & V...1 70 200 Utah 16
3uO Con Cal & V...1 7.".
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 05 300 Mexican ... 50
50 Belcher 39 100 Occidental 26
300 Best & Belcher 66 200 Ophir 115
660 Con Cal & V...1 80 200 Overman IS
1600 Con Imperial... 02 800 Potosi 40
100 Gould & nirry. 32 100 Ravage 26
100 Hale & Norcrs. 831 200 Utah 18
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 541 300 Mexican 48
200 Caledonia 5Si 40 Ophir 110
100 Caledonia 57 1 200 Ophir 1 12U
! 0 Con Cal & V.I 62l*| 500 PotosJ 36
iOO Con Cal & V...170 200 Sierra Nev 78
20" t Con Cal & V.I 72^ 900 I'nion Con 46
200 Con Cal & V...1 75 500 Utah IT
400 Crown Point... 3U 200 I'tah 16
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 06 i 200 Overman 18
3' Jit Andes 10 300 Potosl 39
800 Con Cal & V...1 80 500 Potosl 40
2<>fl Con Cal & V. 1 774 500 Seg Belcher.... 03
500 Crown Point... 31 150 Sierra Nev 80
300 Mexican 50 300 Utah is
200 Ophir 1 15 ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 22—4 p. m.
 . Bid. Auk. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha -■ 05|Kentuck — 08
Alta 05 06 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes 09 10 Mexican 47 48
Belcher 37 38 Occidental 25 —
Best & Belcher 52 53 Ophir 110 115
bullion 07 08 Overman 18 is
Caledonia 65 58:Potost 39 41)
("hollar S3 34 Savage 26 27
Challenge Con. 34 35 Scorpion ... . — o*
Confidence 1001 10 Seg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Cal & V...1 75 ISO Sierra Nev 77 78
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill 02 (18
Crown Point... 30 31 Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 02 Standard —2 75
Exchequer — 03 p t Louis 06 —
(.ould & Curry. 30 m T'nion Con 47 48
Hale & Norcrs. 34 35 1 Utah 17 18
Julta , 02 04! Yellow Jacket.. 41 43
Justice Ji) 22
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna M. Whitney to Abbot L. Whitney, lot
on .\ line of Golden Gnte avenue. 107:6 W of
Polk street. W 25 by N 120; $10.
City and County of San. Francisco to S. S.
Tlltnn, .Western Addition lot 247. bounded on
the N by Lombard street. W by Buchanan S
by Greenwich and Eby Lacuna ; $ .
William H. and Ethel W. Crocker and D.
E. and Lillie Allison to Walter D. K. Gibson,
lot on N line of Broadway, 90 W of Buchanan
street. W 47:6 by N 137:6; $10.
William K. Van Alen to Fannie H. Rosen
blatt, lot on SW corner of Clay and Lyon
streets, S 30 by W 87:6; $10.
Jennie P. Jones to Annie T. Tubbs (wife of
Austin C.). lot on W line of Central avenue,
S"^ S of Pacific avenue. S 30 by W 118:9; $10.
Adolfo de I'rloste to same, lot on NW corner
of Jackson street . and Central avenue, W 120
N 101:8%: $10. ' i". ;.•■:•;
Estate of Hannah Weed (by Charles A. Mc-
Lane. administrator) to William A. C. La nee
lot on S line of Frederick street, 800:7% W. of
Cole, W 25 by S 137:6; also lot on S. line of
Frederick, 325:7'/4W of Cole, W 25 by S 187-6
--$2520. . . ; • i i., i U-^ii.: ;i <v,
William A. C. I,mi;f to .Tosepha I -unco (wife
of .William A. C). lot onS line of Frederick
street. 300:7^4 W of Cole, W,BO by S 137:6; gift.
Emellne A. Sweeny to Joseph T. and Bridget
J. O'Neil.- undivided V 4 of following:: Lot on
SE line of Mission street. 393:4 NEJ of Thir
teenth, NE ■ 63:6. RE 135:3, SW 68:3^. NW
139:10; also lot on S corner of Howard and Har
riet streets. SW 75 by /SE SO; also lot on SE
line of Tehama street. 275 SV" of Fourth, SW
75 by SE 80: also lot on W corner of Crooks
and Townsend streets. SW 44, NW. 60. BW 11:3
«W. 17:8. NJ* ff;9t BJU7/.6; »Ik> lot on ,W, Hail
of Arkansas street. 50 N of Sierra, NW.IOO, W
100, -S 100. E 100; also lot on W line of Arkan
sas street. 175 N of Sierra. N 75 by W 100; $1.
Florence R. Frisbee to Carl and Theresa Erb.
lot on X line of Henry street, 105 E of Noe, E
25 by N 115: $10. i
Same to Edwin XV. Bennett, lot on SE corner
of Fourteenth and Noe streets, S 52:6 by E
105; $10.
Same to Charles J. U. Koenisr. lot on S line
of Fourteenth street. 105 X of Noe, E 25 by S
115; HO
Mary E. Ludkig (wife) to John C. Ludwig,
lot on W line of Capp street, 218 N of Twenty
third, N 2 by W 122:6: $10
Peter J. Collins and Mary E. Johnson to
Charles J. Jurman, lot on W line of York
street, 104 S of Twenty-fourth. S 26 by \\ 100;
$1000
An'tolne and Gracie Borel to Herbert E. Law,
lot on S line of Geary street, 137:6 XV of Pow
ell. \V 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Samuel J., Hanna 0.. Anna J.. P. P.. Louis
E. and Teckla J. Brun to Houghum Sawyer,
lot on N line of Slitter street, 24:10 E of Jones,
E 21 by N 65; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to M. Ballin, lot on W
line of Rhode Island street. 136:3 N of Napa, ■
N 25 by \V 100: $10.
Joseph and Mary A. > Pattinson to Humboldt
Lumber and Mill Company, lot on W line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 175 S of J street, S 25 by
W 120; $175.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Aileen
J. Finkler (wife of Henry C), lot on S line of
N street, 82:6 E of Ninth avenue, E 25 by fa
100; $10. _ _
Charles Z. and Isabella M. Soule to W. Es
ters yon Krakan, lot on SE line of Railroad
avenue, 77:10% NE of Twenty-seventh street.
NE 75. SE 136:1^4 SW 75 NW 114:11%. portion
of lots" 4 and 5, block 495, Bay View Homestead;
Thomas ' W. Brennan to M. C. Hogan.' lot on-
SE line of Railroad avenue, 27:10% NE or
Twenty-seventh, NE 50, SE H4:ll>*. 8 »0, >v
to beginning, lot 5. block 495. same; $1.
W. C. and Mary O. Hogan to John A. Ja
cobs and Dietrich Otto (Jacobs & Otto), same,
$1 '
John A. Jacobs and Dietrich Otto (Jacobs &
Otto) to W. Esters yon Krakan, same; »1«.
Alameda County.
John A. Bengtson to Mary Johnsnn, lot 4,
block M, Golden Gate Tract. Oakland, SI".
Ella M and Andrew Anderson to Theodore
A. Nelson, lot on SK line of Walsworth street
at the point of intersection by lino dividing j ,
lots 3 and 4. block A, lands of Oakland \ lew i ■
Homestead Association. \V 28, SE to SE line or
lot 4 thence NE to corner of lot 4. thence N\\ ■
112, to beginning, portion lot 4, block A, lands
Oakland View Homestead Association, Oak- ,
land; $10. _ _
Thomas J and Clara B. O" Conner to C. Eu
gene Frlsbie. lot on N line of Sixteenth street, ■
112 E of West, E 28 by N 103:9, portion lot 12. ■
block F North Oakland Homestead Associa- ,
tlon Map A, subiect to a mortgage to Central ,
Bank for $500, Oakland; $10.
• 'arlton E. and Alice G. White to George E. ,
and William P. Plummer. lot on N line of
Stuart street, 143. "8 Eof Shattuck avenue. N ,
134 50 by E 81.49 being lots 22 and 23, resub- ,
division' block I), Blake Tract. Berkeley; $10.
< 'arlton E. and Alice G. White to same, lot
on N line of Stuart street. 305.27 E of Shattuck
avenue, N 134. 50 and E SO. being lots 26 and 27,
resubdl vision block I>. same, Berkeley; $10.
William F Hillegasa to Arthur Ayres, lot .
11. block B, Hillegass Tract, Berkeley; $100.
<■ E and Lena C Frisbie to Thomas O'Con- <
ncr lot on N line of Saratoga avenue. 160 W of
Orchard street, W 40 by N 120. being lot 12, i
bl.>ck A amended map of Moss Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10. <
Henry '/>. and Sarah M. Jones to John A. |
Thornton, lot 17, Galindo Tract, Brooklyn j
Township; $10.
William H Walter to Mary E. Holton, lot
on W line of Laurel street. 2SO S of Clinton
avenue, S 40 by W 130, being lot 15. block |
B, Bellevue Tract, Alameda; $10. |
James H. and Lizzie S. N. Young to Le :
Grand Ruekor. lot on S line of Buena \ ista
avenue, 33 X of Willow street. E 33 by S 10d:2. I
block 18, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda;
$10
Henry S and Carrie E. Bridge to Anna.
Rounds lot on W line of Grand street, 150 Is
of Eagle avenue. N 25 by W 108, block 55,
land? adjacent to Encinal, to correct 563 d 269,
Alameda; $10.
E Minor and Jennie Smith and Edward K.
Taylor to T. B Draper, lot on W line of Wil
low street, 120 N of Eagle avenue, N SO, W
138:4, S 30, E 138:4, N JO, to beginning, Ala
meda; $500.
Arthur W: Foster (surviving trustee for
Annie A. and Hazel G. Montgomery, under es
tate of Alexander Montgomery) to Annie or
Annie A Montgomery, undivided one-half of
lot on SW corner of Taylor and Pine streets. S
270 by W 100. Oakland; also property In other
| counties; grant.
I Same to snme. undivided one-half interest in
' lot on N line of Edwards street. 400 E of Tele
j graph avenue. F. 50 by N 125. being lot 9, map
j of Pacific Theological Seminary' Tract, Oak
land; grant.
Richard J. Montgomery (executor of the es
tate of Margaret P. McCourtney) to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (a cor
poration sole), lot on N line of Fortieth street,
•365 E of West. E 5 by N 220. Oakland; $10.
Henrietta M. MacGregor to John R. Mac-
GreET lot on S line of Benton street, 395 E
of Grove, E 2' 1 by S 135. being the W 20 feet
of lot 16, block 3, McKee Tract. Oakland: $5.
Sterling Wallace to William C Wallace.
4 1-10 acres beginning at a point in center line
of Telegraph avenue where S line of lands of
S. E. Ald»n Intersect* same, thence NE i.'SO I
chains. NE 10.10 chains. SE 4.M chains. SW
11.40 chains to beginning, being a portion of
block or plat 2. map of property of S. E. Alden
and he-ing a portion of plat 35, Ranc-ho V. and
D. Peralta. Oakland: $10.
Mattie and William E. Topham to Lyford
Sinclair, lot on N line of Durant avenue. 150 j
E of Fulton street. E 50 by N 130. being a por- i
tion of lot 7, block 13, College Homestead As
sociation. Berkeley; $10.
Oakland Ixian and Investment Company to
F. Eldorado Smith, lot 10. block C, Daly Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alt.Prt G. and F.liza Nye to Edward M. Perry,
1 acre beginning at most E corner of lands of
Albert G. and Phoebe A. Nye, by dt-pd of
March 25. ISB9, said point being on the NW line
! of High street, thence SW 71.15. NW 607.20.
NE 71.74. SE 631.50 to beginning. Brooklyn
Township; $1000.
C. H. Miller to Mrs. M. M. Wagner, begin
ning 100 from SW corner of A. W. Darling's
land and running 117 along county road thence
N 130. w it:, s 130 to beginning, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Lorenzo and Zylphia J. Utman to Charles and
Marian Harkison, lot 21, Subdivision F. Fruit
vale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Township; $800.
<'arrie E. Clement, Thomas Moran. M. H.
Eastman and M. B. Eastman, trustees (by
commissioner), to I'nion Savings Bank, lot on
NW corner of Eighteenth and Brush streets
W 150, N 100. E 50, S 50. E 100, s 50, to be
ginning, being lots 10 and 11, block R, Barnes
Tract. Oakland: $4674.
Richard E. Hickethier ( by commissioner) to
Bamf. lot on S line of Ninth street. 125 E of
Grove. E 37 6 by S 70. being a portion of
lots 11 and 12. block 92. Oakland; $3362.
Warren D. Heaton to Lulu A. Leete, all In
terest in lot on W line of Webster street
191 N of Fourteenth. N 85 by W 300. S 50,
E 150. S 15. E 150. to beginning, quitclaim deed,
| Oakland; $1.
Emilie A. Tripler and Charles W. Hunt |
! (trustees estate of Alexander G. Abell) to
| Emilie A. Bertsch. block 13S, Clintnn; also lot
i on W corner of East Twentieth street and
Eleventh avenue, NW 150 by SW 300, being
lots 7 to IS. Mock 116. Clinton: also lots 13 to '
18. block 25. San Antonio, Kast Oakland; grant.
Julia A. Ray to E. G. Vinzent, lot on NE
line of Adams avenue (or East Fourteenth
street), 272 SE of Howard street. NE 200 NW
22. NE 101, SE to center Sausal Creek, thence
to NE line of East Fourteenth street, NW 150
to beginnine. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Dorcas Jamieson to James C. Nickerson. lot
on E line of Jackson avenue, 199.76 S of county j
road. Oakland to San Leandro, S 50 by E 105, \
being lot 24. hlork F. Huntington Tract, Brook
lyn Township; gift.
Oakland Loan- and Investment Company to
Albert M. Smith, lot 7. . half lot g hlork
B, lots 7. S. 9. 11 to 13, block C. lots 19 to tZ
! block F. lots fi to 9. block G, Daly Tract'
Brooklyn Township; $10.
August Schrelber. John Stewart. W. Rlgby
Jr.. A. W. Schrelber Jr. and V. Heck (by com
missioner) to I'nion Savings Bank, lot "on W
line of Fourteenth street, 135 N of Central :
nvenue. N 65 by W 150, being lots 25 and 26
and N fifteen feet lot 27, block 20, Mary A
Fitch Homestead. Alameda: $4978.
J. S. and F. .1. Cross to I^eo Li. Nichols, lot
on XE corner of Thirty-second and Chestnut
streets'. E 25:3 by N 100, being the W 2V3 of
lot 1, block 675. Watts Tract Map 2, Oakland
slo.
E. A. and Martha J. Hines to Anjrelo Villa !
de M.dendres, lot IS, block D, Kllnknerville
Tract, Oakland; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. (owners) with George
R. Lang (contractor), architect Edward R.
Swain— Framing timber, sheathing, furring,
wrought iron work, ventilators, floors, doors.
Windows, shutters, interior finish, stairs, -gal
lery, covering of pipes, hardware, glass and
glazing for a four-story hrick. wood and stone
building on N line of Butter street, 1S7:« X of
Grant avenue, N 137:6 by E 54:6: $12,750.
Jonas Schoenfeld (owner) with Val Franz
(contractor), architects Palfield A Knhlnerg—
All work except plumbing;, plastering, painting,
concrete and brick work for three three-story
frame buildings on S line of Pine street. IS7:S
W of Octavla, W S7:H by S 137:6; $13,040.
Angele O'Reilly [owner) with B. Martin (con
tractor), architect owner— Alf work for a two
story frame building on NB corner of Noe and
Henry streets, N 27:6 by E in:,: $3T.(V
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in .San Francisco for the benefit of
mariner?, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets* of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. <'al.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. IT. s. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time* and Heights of High and Low
| Waters at • Bart J Point,, entrance. $o S*a
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MisUon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P^lnt.
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, MAY 23.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tne
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
*nd the" last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts. «<"*Pt
when a minus sign* f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted frcm
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r ,.fp r p n re is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 22. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. T". S. N.. in r-harge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. May 22.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, 60 hours from Vic
toria, etc.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, S4 hours from
| Tacoma.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, 65 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 17 hours from Eu
reka. -■;•-.'
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 60 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 76 hours from Newport
(S). etc.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen, 9 days from Se
attle.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Holmberg, 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 9 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, 10 hours from Fort
Ross.
CLEARED.
Monday, May 22.
Stmr North Fork, Besh, Eureka; Charles
Nelson. " ;,.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, Seattle; Pacific
Coast Co.
SAILED.
■_C-/iV Monday. May 22.
Stmr Willamette, Hanson. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Unalaska.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Ship Geo Stetson, Patton, Portland, Or.
Schr Mildred E, Erratt, Cape Nome and Gol»»
yin Bay.
Schr Bowhead, I^ooh. Bristol Bay.
RETURNED.
Monday, May 22.
Schr Maxim .returned on account of carrying
away centerboard May 21 off Fort Ross.
CHARTERS.
The Gen Banning loads mdse for Mazatlan
and San Bias; S C Allen, mdse for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Czarina, May 20. off Rogue River
Reef— U S rev stmr Richard Russ. with U 3
stmr Nunivak in tow; weather clear, wind
light NW and sea smooth.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 22, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW: velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, May 20— Br ship G W Wolff from
Tacoma at Antwerp reports encountered a hur
ricane off Cape Horn. Lost sails, cabin doors,
; stove: cabin flooded, deck houses damaged; all
deck movables and hatch covers carried oft.
Cargo shifted and 10 feet of water in hold.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COLUMBIA RlVEß— Passed May 22— V 8
stmr Richard Rush, with U S Ftmr Nunivak
In tow. from Eureka, for Seattle.
TACOMA— Arrived May Schr Wm Ren
ton, from Honolulu; schr Sailor Boy, from
Kodiak.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 21— Schr W F
Jewett, from Honolulu.
VENTURA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence May 21.
Sailed May 22— Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM- May 22— Schr Id*
Sclinauer. hence May 7.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 22— Schr Bella, hnc
May 9: schr Eliza Miller, hence May 6; schr
Gotama. hence May 10; stmr Empire, hence
May 19.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Arcata. for San Fran
cisco: stirr TUlamoork. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 21— Haw
stmr San Mateo. from Comox.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 22— Schr Carrier
Dove, from Honolulu.
EUREKA- Arrived May 22— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland; strr.r Pasadena, from San
Pedro; stmr Scotia, hence May 21; schr Occi
dental, hence May 16.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 22— Bktn.
Tarn o' Shanter, from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR- Sailed May 20— Schr Ida
McKay, for San Francisco; schr Laura Mad
sen, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 20— Schr Maggie C Russ, hence
May 5; schr Emma Utter, hence May 6; schr
LaGlronde, hence May 6; schr C T Hill, from
Ventura.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 19— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco. •
NANAlMO— Arrived May 22— Haw bark
Wlllscctt. hence May 9.
NAGASAKI— sail May 22-Stmr Cleveland,
| for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed May
21— Ship Arthur Sewall, from Philadelphia, for
San Frarc:sco.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 21— Stmr Alll
anca, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS
■ KAOHlO— Sailed May s— Schr Fannie Adele.
for Grays Harbor.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 19— Bark Sea King,
from Chtmainus.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived May 20— Br ship
Buckingham, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived May 20— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence April 20. -
Sailed May 20— Jap stmr Muzumi Mam, for
Seattle.
LIVERPOOL— May 20— Br ship River
side, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH-Sailed May 20— Fr bark Gen
N'-timayer. for Gloucester
HOLYHEAD— Sailed May 20— Br ship Blyths
woo, for Oregon.
MAZATLAN— Arrived May 10— Nor bark Vic
tor, from Callao. to sail about June 4 for chan
nel.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port May 17, to sail
about May 25— Br ship Jordan Hill, for Taltal.
GUM MAS— Arrived May 14-Schr Dauntless
from Grays Harbor.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
Pi^om^fasrow™"" 1 May "- Stmr Ethlo- .
vl S a a s^tha^pt 2 on Stmr Barb — • '« Bremen.
LIVERPOOL-Arrlved May 22-Stmr Italia.
from Philadelphia; stmr Tauric. from NewINVESTIGATION
. OF CAR FENDERS
WILL BE MADE
Board of Supervisors
Take Action.
RESOLUTIONS ARE ADOPTED
POLICE WILL NOT GET THE
QUARANTINE BOAT.
4 ction Is Taken on Various Matters
of More or Less Importance
to the City's
Interest.
The question of streetcar fenders is to
Bgain be put under official investigation
by the Board of Supervisors. At the
meeting of the board held yesterday af
ternoon the matter was brought up by
Supervisor Deasy in a resolution ailing
attention to recent fatalities and the ne
cessity for doing something to prevent
others In future. The resolutions; which
were adopted by a unanimous vote, are as
follows:
Whereas, The recent accident on an electric
street railroad which resulted in the death of
Ik child demonstrates ! that the guards on the
street railroad dummies are net sufllclent to
protect pedestrians from danger, and are not
co constructed as to afford adequate Lection
to persons who may unfortunately be passing
over and upon the street railroad tra.ck;.and
Whereas, The said guards should be so con
structed as to push any person on the track or
on the side th<rt-of out of danger and out of the |
way of said c.ir and dummy so as to minimize
the" danger from said dummies to persons who
upon the tracks come In contact therewith;
therefore, be it
Resolved. That the Committee on Health and
Police be and is hereby required to examine into
this subject and to report the character and
v description of a proper guard to be used, as the
I rf t=cnt devices possess none of the character
istics which insure safety to pedestrians in the
use of the public streets. It being a miracle if
the persons so struck by the. present guards in
use are not maimed or killed.
Resolved, That this board empowers and re
quests said committee to recommend a guard
which will afford the greatest protection to the
1 üblic the question of cost l*eing immaterial
as long as tlu? same insures public safety; and
In the opinion of this hoard no guard should
be recommended unless it is constructed so as
to push or force any person on the track or one
Fide thereof out of dancer and out t>r the way of
said dummy and car. and so constructed that
the force of the contact with the person on said
tracks be mitigated by the guard being further
provided with pneumatic rubber tubes or other
devices project lng from said dummy to accom
plish the purpose desired.
A majority report from the Committee
on Health and Police was presented rec
ommending that the resolution transfer
ring the. quarantine tug to the Police De
partment for use along the water front
be indefinitely postponed. Supervisor
Lackmann presented a minority report
signed by himself setting forth his belief
that the quarantine service is valueless
and imposes ii tax of $SOOO a year on the
city without resultant benefits. He there
fore recommended that the quarantine
tup be turned over to the Police Depart
ment. The majority report was adopted.
The report of the Ire Department Com
mittee that all bids for furnishing: forape j
for the Fire Department and public In- I
Btitutions for the cominc fiscal year be j
rejected and now bids advertised for was
not accepted. A motion was made and
carried granting the contract to Daniel
Keefe, the lowest ; fdder, it being the i
opinion of the majority of the members <
that the contention that he is not a dealer
in seme of the articles of forage called
for in the tpecitications was not well
founded;
The petition of the park panhandle ap
praisers for an increase of their compen- ;
sation from $500 to $2000 was granted, upon
j| recommendation of the committee to
which the petition had been referred.
A resolution was adopted granting Po- ;
lie« Judge Charles T. Conlan thirty days' j
leave of absence from the State from May
■:■:, i k :•:<.
PETITIONS REFERRED.
Ti>-> following petitions were received and
referred: Lick-Wllmerdlng District Improve
: -: ; < lub. for provision in the next tax levy
: r an appropriation of lIS.CCO for grading
Franklin Square and using the surplus earth ;
Ilir filling In Jackson Park; also for grading
Hampshire street, between Sixteenth and Sev
enteenth; G. 11. Umbsen & Co., for permls
s-i'iH to construct an artificial stone sidewalk
on north side of Jackson street, between Hyde
and Larkin, 137U feet; F. J. Castlehun. re
questing; that the sidewalk in front of premises
at S)3 Folsom street be put in proper condi
tion; property owners for postponement of ac
•; in i ■:: laying a cement sidewalk on Sanchez
street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth:
; roperty owners, for I -•■•■■ of laying j
cement sidewalk on Sanchez street, between
Market and' Sixteenth; D. H. "Wulzen, for the
laying of artificial stone sidewalks on northeast '
ami northwest corners of Seventeenth and Cas- I
tro streets; Mrs. M. B. de Silves, for permls- I
Blon to lay a plank sidewalk on Kearny street, \
near-Union, 77:-; feet; property owners, ask
;i.i that house numbers on the south side of
Pacific avenue, between Eteiner and Fillmore
(■trtets, be not changed; A. Krueger, for hear
ing on matter of egrading of Ninth avenue,
between Point ><obos avenue and Clement j
?;reet; J. R. chard, for Instruction to Su-
I <>rlnt<>ndent of Streets to enter Into a contract ;
iwlih him for grading, etc., Andover avenue, be- '
t»-offl Cortland avenue and Ellert street; Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs, for .
sprinkling of all county roads; property own
ers, for r«»advert!sing of bids for repaying of
Union tare avenue.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were received '
and referred to the proper committees: Prop- j
erty owners, consenting to the establishment
and operation of a French laundry at 3551-3553
Twenty-fourth street.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re- j
ferred to the proper committees: R. C. de I
Boom, against the laying of double tracks on j
B~>sworth street, from Mission street westerly,
now being done by the Market Street Railway I
Company* property owners; against paving
Beaver street, between Noe and Castro.
FULL. ACCEPTANCE.
Resolutions of. full acceptance of street work !
were passed as follows: Page street, Ashbury
to Clayton, bitumen; crossing. Page and Ash
bury streets, bitumen; crossing,' Golden Gate
avenue and Lyon street, bitumen; Greenwich ■
fitr<«?t, Pierce to Scott, basalt blocks; Eight
eenth street. Church to Sanchez, bitumen; Kan- |
sas street, Alameda to Fifteenth, basalt
GBAPE-NUTS.
GOOD TEETH.
Why Some Persons Are Enabled to
Keep Them Until Old Age.
Think a moment and you will re-
member that we build every part of
the body, teeth and bones included,
from what we eat.
Therefore, when any parts show
eth, for instance) before the
r time, there is evidence of lack
of the certain elements in th<- food
thaf keep th"m renewed each day,
or possibly there has been misuse.
• rtaln field grains contain th"
ate particles of Phosphate of j
Lime needed for bone and teeth j
ng. Nature will not readily
use it if administered as a drug,
but quickly aocepta it when furnished
in the condition it is found in the
grains, i. c., direct from Nature's own i
laboratory. It is thus furnished in
the breakfast food known as Grape-
Xuts, and one may depend that the
regular use of this food will insure the i
introduction into the body of su<h
bone and teeth material as will binder
decay and add greatly to the appear-
and comfort of the user.
■ irape-Nuts good?
Once tried yon will never forget the
doiicate sweet of the grape-sugar and
their crisp dellciousness.
All good grocers sell Grape-Nutß,
Prlct 15 cents per package. s. j
FIRE THREATENS EQUITABLE
GASLIGHT COMPANY'S PLANT
Dripping Oil Was the Cause of a Conflagration.
A KIRK in the plant of the Equitable
Ight Company at North Point
will cause the replacement of the
roof in the main building and will
represent a loss of about $1000. It was
caused by the leaking of oil from a valve
on the top of the coal hopper, !
near the roof; which ignittd from a gas
jet in the building. The Fire Depart
ment's speedy response prevented the
flames from communicating to the other
structures and the roofless works en
gaged in the manufacture of gas as usual
last night.
Assistant Superintendent R. S. Craig,
F. H. Tracy, the secretary of the com
pany, and about a half dozen worKmen
were standing In the room which con
tains the converters about 4 o'clock yes
■ . Preparations were just
being mad< for the firing up of the large
boilers which create the night's supply of
illumination. They were dismayed to see
a little Stream Of oil which had been
trickling down some of the machinery
suddenly taki fire and spread to a wooden
chute overhead. Borne of the nun pro
blocks; Kansas street. Fifteenth to Sixteenth,
basalt blocks: crossing, Kansas and Fifteenth
streets, basalt blocks; Central avenue. MeAl
lister street to Golden Gate avenue, bitumen
Hickory avenue, Gouph street to Octavia, hi
tumen; Clinton Park. Valencia street to Guer
rero, bitumen: Pevisadero street, Halght t<
Waller, bitumen.
CONTRACTS FOR STREET WORK.
Contracts for street work were awarded as
follows: Southerly half crossing of Leave*
worth and Francisco streets, grading, a
49 7-10 cents per cubic yard; J street, betweei
Seventh and Eighth avenues, and X street, be
tween Eighth and Ninth avenues, ironston<
SPECK FINDS MORE
FRIENDS OF DEWEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
cured a hose and commenced to play on
the flames, while Craig and others set to
the task of shutting off all of the valves
which lead to the two immense gasom
etera outside. "When this was done the
air engines sent a stream of air through
the inner pipes and receptacles, riddins
them thoroughly of gns. Meanwhile the
hose below hurst, and one which had been
pulled to the roof of the building could
make little progress in the extinguishing
of the flames.
Two alarms were turned in. The first
was sounded from b X 124 at North Point
and Lnrkin Btreet, and the second from
lx>x 193, at Hyde and Chestnut sti
Six engines were soon on the scene, but
the far away points at which the hy
drants were located hampered the fire
men. Streams bad to be pumped through
an Intermediate engine, and but three
hiii? Hi' hose could be spread to the con
flagration. Had there been a hydrant of
pure water on the wharf for use in the
li.,iit-rs of the pumping machines the d<
partment could have pulled its apparatus
alongside of the burning structure and
pumpt-il from the liar. Once water \>. -
played on the flames they subsided, but
pipe sewers. Williams, Belser & Co., private
contract; crossing Jackson and Lyon >
paving with bitumen, J. J. Dowllng <t Co., pri
vate conti I aron street. Fifteenth to Slx
. paving with bitumen. Union Paving
and Contracting Company, private contract;
California street, Ninety-nth to Twentieth ave
nues, I'eter McHugh, gradine and macadam
izing, private 'ontrart; Santa Pc Teimlniil
my of California, paving with basalt
blocks sidewalks In block bounded by f ; i>'-ar,
Harrison, Main and Pryant streets at Its own
expense.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
RpFolutlors ordpring street work done were
not until tho entire roof of the room
which incloses the converters and
"scrubbers" had fallen in ashes. To keep
the fire from adjacent buildings was the
firemen's principal effort, and this they
accomplished successfully. Tho lire boat
Goveronr Markbam pulled up at the i
wharf, but was not needed.
When the cry, "The gas works is on !
fire," spread among the inhabitants of
North Beach terror reigned. To many of
th people flames in a gas works means
a territic explosion, a loss of life and the
destruction of- much property. The flames
shooting through the roof attracted hun
dreds to the tops of convenient bluffs.
Many remained some distance off, as the
fire, belching from the windows on the
west sid.'. nearly hipped the side of a big
gasometer.
A half hour after the fire -was extin
guished smoke was puffing from the
stacks which protruded through the
charred p>of. and the manufacture of gas
v..ts resumed. None of the machines was
damaged, and with the exception of a few
small pipes near the roof, which had to
be replaced, everything is intact. Tho
city was supplied last night, and the work
ol n-j'air will commence to-day. The loss
Is covered by insurance.
9 adopted n^ follows: Crescent avenue. Holly
street to a point distant IT3 feet 6 inches west
erly from South avenue, 12-tnch ironstone pipe
Bewer; Golden Gate avenue, Itaker street to
Lyon, Rranlte curbs and macadamizing; south
; easterly and southwesterly corners crossing
- ; Green and Stelner streets, granite curbs and
. ; artificial stone sidewalk; Twenty-sixth street,
1 Bryant to York. 10-Jnch sewer.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolution* of Intention to perform street
1 work : aa follows: Stanford Heights
avenue, grading between Corbett avenue and
Twenty-seventh street, redwood curb and
macadam; Twenty-seveHrth street, between
• Stanford Heights and Btanyan avenues, grading
roadway and sidewalks macadamized, redwood
k j curb; Stanyan avenue, between Twi-nty-seventh
[.and Twenty-eighth street*, grading, redwood
? : curb and macadamizing; Twenty-eighth street,
between Stanyan and Twin Peaks avenues,
i • grading, redwood curb and macadamizing;
J ; Twin Peaks avenue, between Twpnty-elghth
, and Valley Btreets, grading:, redwood curb and
< macadamizing; Valley street, between Twin
; Peaki and Glen avenues, grading, redwood
i i curb and macadamising; Stevenson street, from
j Tenth to termination of said street between
: Ninth and Tenth. 8-inch ironstone pipe sewer
to connect with Fewer in Tenth street; Eight
; eenth street, between ''hureh anil Noe, .irtlll
clal stone sidewalks; Sanchez street, between
Market and P:ighteenth, artificial stone side
walks; Sixteenth street, between Church and
Ranch*/, artificial stone sidewalks; Worth
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty
first, S-inch ironstone pipe sewer to connect
with sewer in Twenty-second street; Burrlt
stre.-t. between Hush and southerly termina
tion of Burrit, 10-Inch Ironstone pipe sewer to
I connect with sewer in Bush street, and con
ftrucli.m "f culvert at end of l'urrft street; \
street, between Sixth and Seventh avenues,
grading, redwood curb and macadamising; CalU
fornia street, between Nineteenth and Twen
tieth avenues, grading, redwood curbs and
macadamizing: Chapultepec street, between
Esmeralda and Coso avenues, grading, redwood
curbs, macadamizing and S-incli ironstone pine
sewer.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent <>f Streets recommends
that the following street work be perform. •<! •
Shotwel] street, betwset) Fourteenth and Fif
teenth streets, artificial stone sidewalks- Hrvant
street. Twenty-sixth to Army, sewer to connect i
with sewer in Army street; Tenth avenue, be
tween J and X streets. Eighth avenue, between
H and I streets, and Ninth avenue, between J
and X stneets, three-foot plank sidewalks;
Spruce street, Washington to Jackson streets,
granite, curbs and artificial .stone sidewalks
crossing Snruce nncl Jackson streets, artificial
stone sidewalks and paving of roadway with
bitumen; Spruce street, between Clay and
Washington streets, artificial stone sidewalks;
crossing of Central avenue and Grove Btrei t.
paving with bitumen: crossing Central ave
nue and Fulton street, paving with bitumen;
Fifteenth street, Castro to westerly termina
tion of Fifteenth street. 14-inch Ironstone pipe
Fewer, to connect with the sewer In Castro
street; Washington street. Cherry street to
Eighteenth avi-nue, granite curbs, and artifi
cial stone, sidewalks and paving with bitumen;
Vallejo street, Devisadero to Broderick, gmnite
curbs, paving roadway with basalt blocks, 10
--inch sewer: Broderick street, VaJlejo to Green,
12-inch ironstone pipe sewer; crossing Vallejo
ond Broderick streets, grading, 10-lnch pipe
sewer in earsterly portion, 12-Inch pipe sewer
in other portions, cesspools. <ulverts, granite
curbs and artificial stone sidewalks on four an
gular corners of said crossing, and paving of
roadway with bitumen: crossing Broderick and I
Green streets, 10-inch ironstone pipe sewer in
easterly portion. 12-inch ironstone pipe sewer
in southerly and westerly portions and H-lneh
Ironstone pipe sewer In northerly portion, with
cesspools, culverts, artificial stone sidewalks
on northensterly, southeasterly and southwest
erly corners, granite curbs and artificial stone
sidewalks on northwesterly corner and paving
of roadwny with lSitumen; Cosa avenue. Pros
pect avenue, southeasterly line of ChapUitepee
street, grading, redwood curbs and rock gutter
ways anil macadamizing of roadway and side
walks; Broderick street, Green to Union street.
.14-inch ironstone pipe spwers; crowning of
Spruce and Washington streets, artificial stone
sidewalk on southeasterly corner; Cosa avenue,
between Chapultepec street and Prospect ave
nue, 12-inch Ironstone pipe s-wer to connect
with sewer in Propect avenue; crossing Cha
pultep€C street and Cosa avenue, 12-inch iron
stone pipe sewer In easterly and westerly por
tions, fi-inch newer in southerly position and
cessnools^culverts on southeasterly and south
westerly earners; Chapultepec street, Kugenla
and Virginia avenues, ]0-lnch ironstone pipe
sewer to connect with sewer In Virginia ave
nue; crossing Chapultepec street and Eugenia
avenue, 10-inch ironstone pipe sewer in north
erly portion, 12-inch Bewer in easterly and West
erly portions; S-inch sewer in southerly iiortlon
and cesspools and culverts In northeaster^ and
southeasterly corners,
TIME EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
, Extensions of time on street work contracts
were granted as follows: Quimby street to
Barrelson, construction concrete arch bridge at
crossing Broderick street and Southern Pacific
railroad track ; property owners, grading Drove
' street, Clayton t" Cole, crossing Grove and Clay
ton, Masonic nvenue, Fulton to Grove, Clay-
I ton, Fulton to Grove. Ashbury, Fulton to Grove,
Grove, Masonic avenue to Ashbury, Masonic
avenue, Grove to Hayes, Ashbury, Grove to
Hayes, Clayton, Grove to Hayes, crossing Grove
ana Ashbury, Grove, between Auhbury and
Clayto»
WILL BUTTLE
FOR THE COSTS
OF THE STATE
Grain Rate Litigation
Still Alive.
MOTION TO MODIFY DECREE
ATTORNEY GENEB.AL FORD WILL
FORCE MATTERS.
He Will Move That the State Be Al
lowed All the Money It Has
Spent in Defending
Itself.
The question of costs in the grain rate
cases recently dismissed by Circuit Judge
! Morrow on motion of . the attorneys for
the Southern Pacific Company will not be
allowed to go against the State without a
fight. The costs have not been assessed
to either party to the action as yet. but
the Attorney General is going to make
them a matter of issue by tiling a notice
of motion to modify the decree dismissing
the case so the State can recover its costs.
The costs will amount to over (43,000,
and the railroad is more than anxious
that they should be assessed to the State.
It was for that there was so much maneu
vering over the motion to dismiss, and
even now the motion filed by Mr. Pills
bury for tne railroad attempts to show
that the railroad "consents" to the dis
missal rather than asks that the case be
dismissed. Attorney General Ford is go
ing to make certain of the State's rights
in the matter. Last evening, in referring
to the steps in that direction he was re
ported to have taken, he said:
"I have simply made the necessary steps
to recover costs for the State in the event
( the court shall decide the defendants are
entitled to them. In conjunction with
Judge Hayne and Mr. Foote, I have pre
i pared a notice of motion to have the de
i cree of dismissal so modified as to allow
us our costs. "What view the court will
I take of the matter I, of course, do not
I know; but I should feel I had not done
: my full duty if I did not do what I could
jin that belief. The motion in relation to
, costs will probably be heard about June
5. Judge Morrow to-day made an order
! allowing us ten days after the decision
as to costs within which to file our cost
bills in the event costs are awarded us."
« • ■
Republican Club Organized.
The California Republican Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District met last
Friday evening ;tt Turner Hall anrl ef
fected a permanent organization. Its of
ficers are: W. H. Powers, president; D.
S. Killen, vice president; D. C. Martin,
treasurer; Joseph Hardy, secretary; Rob
ert Ellis, sergeant-at-arms. The club will
hold a meeting at the same hall on
Wednesday evening:. May 31.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"HAVE sec yt?/* ! 8 0 "
ANOTHER?" that^^- k .
Welcome words when
reference Is had to
gfcrf MSTAR 5W
MILWAUKEE V^
M_jl Highest grade compo-
Tn nents," delicate flavor,
111 purity, age and strength
/1?3 combine to make this
THE ONE
I Ml iTfaa- PERFECT
f^tk#M&g£ Latest Vlcto6y: First
"* v. W / Tm&*ZaL Awards at lnterna-
iSmlmß tiona! Ex P° sition
Send address and receive illustrated beer booklet.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
. Milwaukee, U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF'
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
atpd with a germicide. The patient lives in
an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment In-
variably Increases weight from six to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist, '
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100' CASES. '
■;.:>■ . Im- Not Im-
Character No. | Cured, ' proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 6 , 0 34
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 36
3d Stage.. 30 8 12 15 30
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., '.practicing the
Antiseptic Germlclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. - Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms — 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are • free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
an application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel, Cal.
DR.MCOTLTY.
riMIIS WELL-KNOWN AND A FH.E OLD
L Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood .Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and j
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Piitlentscurednt Home. Terms reasonnhle. HoursO
, to3daily;S.3otoB:.'» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddres*
P.HOBCOE MrXI'liTY, M.D.
26 1 ,. Kenrny St., Ban Francisco. CM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jKarTErs'
SIGfC HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, ;
i Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- i
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- !
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They j
i Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. v Small Dose.
Small Price.
! i>o<e>o<sos-o^o<s>o<£o<s>o<g>O'£o-s'O<s>o<«>o<s>
|¥ISHY IS HEALTHFUL ! I
g £37 A Natural Mineral Water %
° HH with medicinal qualities, O
° USek F° r Indigestion and £
o 4jppsL Stomach ' Disorders, o
I I jm^ So-called VICHY I
S' Hp IN SIPHONS %
fpiijisj?! ViCHY q
o Kp^J Get the Genuine ©
rr— iMimtw- -^..^aiamU O
o.l3iTilgß>ila §
% A. VIGNIER, Distributing ARont <»
♦o'3>o<S>o^>o<S>o^o's'o^o<so<*-o < 2'o<J>0 < S>o<»
IVIAKE PERFECT MEM
aUO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longerl The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Xervoii* Dehllltv are
absolutely cured by PKISFECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years.
Impart visor am! potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give jg&± bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^TTVyounK or old.
One 50c box renews vital enerpy.pifJG boxes lit
«2.soacomph tfiioranreed cure \"ijm' or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest "*««nK pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE PRRFKITO CO., Caxton lildg., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
I .
000000000000000000
2 T "- E palace: A ' N -Po
°GRAND HC > T^s°
*T SAN FRANCISCO. q
Connected by a covered passageway. '
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo v. i h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THS PRICES: Q
0 EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO per d«y and upward Q
p. American Plan.s.l.OO per day And upward _
W i Correspondence Solicited. v !
Q JOHN 0. ZIRKPATRICK. Minigsr. O
000000000000000000
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
XmCtiml "— HEARST ST. Established
Bpif^Sß| In 1854 for the treatment of I'rlvat/J '
Ba Lf>, JEff I)lseH.s»>B, lost ilanh««)d. liability or !
HOBcn diseasfiwearingoiibodynmimlndaiid
MJH|HSkMR skin Diseases, doc torcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
< urcuxuainntrrd. Cailorwritc.
Mr. J. V- <iIBIIO>, Box i'Js7..Sat; Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
j&^»»i" »«i»ii»^«i VIA THE
iPpUnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE. DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS,
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3^4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
l**Te» San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco,
California
Limited
Santa Fe Rotate
Connecting Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M.the '
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric !
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express,
SAN FRANCISCO TICKTTfFICE— Hi MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN VOL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— "West Santa Olara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
i Via SatuaUto Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL- -
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK .DAYS— 7:OO, 'SiOO, # 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, .' 15, '6:00, <?:30 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San '
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sund-vs, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS -*3:' »9:00 •lO:fK). 11:00 11:30 ;
a. m.; 1:00, »1:45, '2:30, »4:00, 6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does l.ot run to S'n Kaf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vary Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Q-entln.
FROM SAN KAJ'AEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— »6:40 7:55, 8:40, *10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:45, •? '* 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 i 1 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00. - *9:45, «10:45, *ll:45
a, m., 1:00, 2:20, '3:30, »5:15. •8:00. 7:00, 10:15 .
p. m. • ' .
Trains marked (♦) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S.. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:33
a. m.: 12:35, 2:4.*. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. lt:20 p m. ;
SUNDAYS— B:OO.. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. u:3O. 10:20 p. m. -
-■ THROUGH TRAINS. .--'. 1
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wav Eta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns. ];
AUCTION SALES,
FIRST GREAT 'AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON!
£a £& &&
50 Head of WELL-BROKE. TROTTINO
BRED STOCK, ALL PURPOSE and DRAFT
HORSES, Among- them well-matched teams,
consigned from the breeding farms of HON.
W. a: SHIPPEE. STOCKTON, and others,
THIS DAY
TUESDAY - - - - May 23, 1899,
At II a. m.
At Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market SL
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
Successors to KILLIP & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers,
1732 Market St., S. F.
Horses now at yard. ' :\':.- "
HA TT.TIO fIP TRAVEL. }<«]
K»riH»;itS in an tojinst.
(PACIFIC BTBTEV.)
Trains l«m« Mini are due to nrrlv* ••
NAM I'KANI'INCU.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Mat 7, 1399. — ARRITB
7:0O\ Benicia. Suisun anl Sacramento. . . . 5:45p
7:OOa Marysville, OroTllloand lieddlngtia
Woodland v . 3:45p
7:OOa Elmlra, Vacaville and Ruroaey 8:-J3p
7:»Oa Maxthicr, Han Haiuon, Vallejo, N»pa,
CalhtogaaudSauta lU>.«a 6:IJJp
B:<>Oa Atlautic Bipress, Ogden and Knst.. 8:15»
»::t«A .Sm .lose, Uvetmore, Stockton,
Ion;, ,Sacraincuto, Plaoerrillo,
MnmTille, Chico, Bedßiud -l«l»»
S:3o.\ 'Milton. Oakdsleand isonora 4.-15P
9:00 a Haywarda. Kiles and W.iy Htationß. 11:43 a
9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, J.athrop, Stockton,
Mtrced end Fresno 12:13#
OiOOa Fresuo, HakerslleM. Santa I'.irlmra. - > ; • ,
Los Angeles, Doming, El I'aao,
New Orleans and Ksat O:4S»
1O:OOa Vallcjn, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
»l:OOv Haywards, Kilrsjiinl Way 6tat ! 2:13»
1 2:00 m Nilcs, I. iverr.ir.ru, Stockton, aacra-
iconto, Mendota. Hacford, Visalia,
Pcrtervillo -1:I5»
*I:fl©p Sacramento Steamed *S:OOp
3:OOr Iljyward.-!, Nile! and Way Stations. 3:43»
•HMtp Martinez, Han Itainon, Vi:llejo,
Nap*, C.'ul int.. tin, Sanlu Rasa 0:19 a
4:<>Or Benicia, Vuoavlllo, .Sacrmneiito,
%Vouilland, Knight.i l.andiiitT.
Maryrvillf, Orovillo 1 0:4.1 a
4::iOpNiles, Ban Jo»e and Stockton 7:l.'ip
4:80r Yoseuiito Slcepi.ix Car for Raymond j 12:15p
3:00p Stockton, Mtrceii, Fresno J2:lsp
5:00p Martinez, Tracy, Meodota, Fresno,
Mojavo and I. w Augoleß...- 8:43*
3iO«p Santa Wo Itonlo, Atlautie Impress
for M..javo and Kant 0:43»
6:00 p The Owl. Fresno, rsfield, San- '
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:45 a
6:o«f> Enrapeaii Mall, Ogilon and Kaat...^ 9:13*.
O:OOp Hay wards, ICiies and San Jose 7: 13 a
*OiO»i> Vallejo IS:l5p
7iOW|> Oregon Kxihtom, Hacriiinento, Marys-
»|] ■ IlcUliiiK, roitlan.l, I'uget
Hnniidand Bait 7:4»A
}8:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tioiiß tlO:3Oy
COAST DiriSIOM arrow Qrage). .
(Foot of Market StreftU -
}7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations }8iO3»
Bilsa Newark, Center Ule.SaaJoae, I. !ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30»
•2:l3p«Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almadea, FeltoD, Roulder Creek,'
Santa Cruz and l'rincipol Way
Stations »I0:30A
4:15r Sun Joso, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9:204
l4:lspFelton, Banta Cruz and 'Way Sta-
• tlona /»:20A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7romSiN rRIKOISCO— Fc3t ef Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 f.OO 11:00a.b. }l:03 '2:00 13:08
•4:00 }B:00 •6:00r.M.
rremOaXLAND— ."ootorßroaiwaT.— "0:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
12:00 '1:00 12:C0 »3:03 ti:C3 -5:00?.!!.
(OAST IH VISION (Rrosd Gauge).
(Third nnd Townscnd St^.) -
♦6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco. . «6:30»
•7:00 a Kan Jose anil W»y Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l>3or
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, P:icili ; Grove and
Principal Way Stations $8:33*
!»:OOa Sim ,1. so, Tres Phios. .Siinta Crnj:,
I'ncllic Orove, l'aso Roblot, .San
I.nis (Jbinnn. Gnadalnpe, Surf and
Principal Way Stlitiolis 4:10p
IO:10a BaiiJoseand Way Stations «8:O0A
I1:3Oa San Jeso and Way Stations 3:»0»
•2:45i-.Sa:i Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
l'alo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
(Jilr..y, Hollister. .Santa Cruz,
' Salinas, Monterey and PaciDo
Grove...., *lO:3<U
•S::iOp Ban Jose and Way Stations *O:OOa
•IrlSi'.SanJogoandPrincipal Way Stations 0:43 a
*3i#Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
San. Toso Principal Way Stations *B:«.ja
fi::tOl' San Jose mid Wiiy Stations 7:30p
t11:45r San .T..s.- Way Stations ' 7:30p
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
•Bun<layexcepfed. { Sunday only. Saturday only.
fc.Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday. _
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN KRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. *
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m. V
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:06,
6:25 p. m. \
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect | San Francisco.
. April 16, 1 m
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. \ days. j Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, ,10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pin 6:00 pin Santa Kosa, | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Hea Id --burg,
Lytton,
Geyserviile,
3:30 pm S:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
2:30 pm 6:20 prof
7:30 am 8:00 am; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an»
and !
6:10 pm 5:00 pm; Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pial
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 6:20 prqj
Stages connect at Snnta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichw
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,,
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, ITsal. Wlllitt=. Laytonville, Cum.
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all . pointy
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlcps. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*,
H. C. WHITING. • R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent*
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. ZS. 1899, trains will run as folio
South-bound. North-bound.
___ _^—— — —
Pa9sen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger, • i Sunday Stations. Sunday ger. ;
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily. i
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pn»
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am C:35 pm. Fresno 8:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pn»
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 an*
Il:6J am 6:25 pm. Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pn>
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899,
. WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
' Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market at.
Weekly Gall $1.00 per Year
910
BIG SALE OF
TRANSIT BONDS
IN BOSTON
Santa Fe Believed to
Be Interested.
PRESIDENT. HERON'S VIEWS
WILL NOW BUILD MANY CROSS-
TOWN LINES,
Through Koute on Eighth Street Will
Enhance the Value of Property
to the i.ower End of
Broadway.
Oakland-Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, May 22.
The president of the Oakland Transit
Company, which all the
railroads in this city not owned by the |
crn Pacific Company, has conclud
ed the sale of the whole of the bonds of
the company to Basl m capitalists, prin
cipally In Boston. This sale is believt l
to be partly manipulated by people lnter
ompairy. Refer
rir.fr to the deal -Mr. Heron says:
"The bonds, or a considerable portion
of them, have been plai ed In Boston. All
bonds held By the Oakland Transit
Company itself and some of those held
by private owners h;r. Id there to
the amount of nearly one million dollars.
That accounts for the fm rease In the j
market value of the bonds, which re
xnained for a long time at 90, but are now
up to 108. The b< per cent Invest
ments and should have been worth $115,
--i kept down the '
v it known that East- ■
rs had looked with favor
irlties the pri< c jumped and will \
probably go higher. The lines of the
mpany are In the best condi
the plans that have been made I
the unification of the different
branches will now be carried out.
"We have always had a definite scries ''
of plans for crosstown roads and ■■■■■
will imw be mad-. 1 be
ads w,»s made
Invi stmi nt only."
of the lmprov« merits of the syn- .
••■ lilies is the continuation of the
ad from West < Oakland to !
rtion with the Eighth street road
from East Oakla 5 the cutting <nr
• trains
the West Oakland lines have all deposit
ed thi north of Twelfth
and this has ted pi perty
E t. The building of the
new line, for which a franchise has al
will. it is thought,
bring all I ■ Oakland travel to
Eighth and Broadway.
PACIFIC COAST COMPANY
CLOSES A BIG DEAL
OAKLAND, May 22.— Perhaps the larg
est deal ever made on the Oakland water
front has just been closed. It is the pur
chase of the bunkers, engines, machinery
and lease of the Oakland Commercial
Company by the Pacific Coast Company.
This immense transaction possesses much
significance, for it is proof that the Pa
cilic (."oast Company recognizes the great
advantages of the Oakland water-front
and intend to largely increase its trade
on this side of the bay, where rail and
water come together.
The bunkers were erected on Adams'
wharf but four years ago and at that
time were considered in the nature of an
experiment. They have always been act
ive and sometimes half a dozen large ves
sels have had to wait their turn to dis
©-•-•-©-©-•-•-«-«-•-©.
: LOST HIS MONEY AND :
? BLEW OUT HIS BRAINS I
? ■ T
IQJIJ'£ i:7:::^ •
® Charles Hinsberg Killed Himself in i
I Presence of His Wife and <»
• Children. I
i . V
• >-yHARLFJS HINSBERG of the firm of Hermann Olcovich & Co., manu- 1
| M facturing agents and importers, at 330 Pine street, committed suicide ''
a m last Sunday evening by shooting himself through the head with a re- I
I volver. He was removed to St. Mary's Hospital, where he died at 12:30 #
■ ' o'clock yesterday afternoon. .„ |
• The deceased had been subject to spells of insanity since August of last *
I year! Financial reverses first unhinged his mind, and the fact that his little T
% son, the youngest of his three children, was crippled with hip disease wor- 1
| rled him greatly. Three weeks ago he wrote a note to his wife stating that "
a he intended to kill himself and the boy, and he sept a letter to the Coroner i
, making a similar announcement. •
a ; : : On two occasions since then his wife, by snatching the revolver out of his JL
I hand, has prevented him from carrying his threat into execution. . ''
A Last Sunday afternoon he borrowed a cheap bulldog revolver unknown 1
I to his wife and children, and when he arrived at his residence, 1309 Scott street,*
X he began writing a note on a paper bag. His little son became suspicious, '
• and Informed his mother, and she attempted to seize her husband, but he ran *'
± into the backyard and placed the muzzle of the revolver to the right side of 1
• his head and pulled the trigger. The bullet went through the brain, blacken- •
' ing both eyes and rendering Hinsberg unconscious. He was at once taken Mo i
9 St. Mary's Hospital for medical attendance, but never regained consciousness. #
charge. The Pacific Coast Company's
large business necessitated the constant
use of the bunkers and so they have
bought them outright.
The deal was closed by President Far
rell of Seattle, who Is at the head of the
Pacific Coast Company. John I>. How
ard, general manager of the company, is,
according to a contract just tiled, to su
perintend the building of- a large wharf
! at the foot of Myrtle street for Balfour
mithrie & Co. of San Francisco, and
which are also, it is said, for the use of
the Pacific Coast Company.
INSTALLATION BANQUET.
Knights of St. Patrick Entertain
Their Friends.
The Knights of St. Patrick pave an In
stallation banquet last night at the Cali
fornia Hall, at which a number of their
lady friends were entertained. The din
ing-room was tastefully decorated for the
occasion and 150 gujsts partook of a
tempting repast
A programme, in which the following
i took part, was well received: Solos, by
Robert Lloyd. Mrs. J. W. Madden. Miss
Daisy Keane, D. C. Sheerin, Joseph Me
Kenna; recitations, P. Mccormick.
Thomas Hickey.
The officers installed by Past President
Frank Shea were: President, R. C.
o'Conncr; first vice president, Jame^s J.
Gildea; second vice president, P. D. Mul
laney; recording secretary, James r.
O'Brien; financial secretary, P. McCor
mick; corresponding secretary, John Mul
hern; treasurer, T. P. Riordan; marshal.
' J P Dunne: sergeant at arms, M. Keiie
her: board of directors— Jeremiah Deasy,
' William Broriorick, T. J. Welch, J. R.
Tobin. James Shea.
Toasts were responded to by James H.
Barry, Frank Shea, William Broderick
and j. Deasy.
LAUDATORY WORDS FOR
THE LATE JUDGE FIELD
SAN FRANCISCO BAR EULOGIZES
THE JURIST'S MEMORY. £
Dr. E. R. Taylor and Circuit Judge
Gilbert Pay Tributes to the »
Greatness of the De
parted.
There was quite a large gathering of
members of the bar yesterday morning in
the United States Circuit Court in re
sponse to the announcement that the Cal
ifornia bar would express its esteem for
the memory of the late Supreme Justice
Stephen J. Field. Among those present
were T. I. Berlin, Milton Andros, United j
States Court Commissioner Heacock, L. j
S. B. Sawyer, Southard Hoffman, Rev. I
Horatio Stebbins, United States Attorney
Frank L. Coombs, Assistant United
States Attorneys Woodworth and Ban
ning, ex-Supreme Justice John Curry, W.
H. Herrin, ex-Judge S. C. Denson, Ly
man 1. Mowry, P. Mullany, Howard T.
rrumbo, T. A. Redmond. li. H. Reid, "W.
11. Fifield, George B. Merrill. Henry C.
Schaertzer, Dr. E. H. Taylor. United
States Marshal Shine, ex-United States
Marshal Long. United States Shipping ;
Commissioner Gwin, George Towle Jr., j
tin 1 . Captain John Birmingham.
Judges Morrow, Gilbert, Ross and Haw- i
ley occupied the bench, and after the j
?ourt had been called to order Dr. E. R. i
Taylor read a memorial sketching the
life of the jurist and a portion of his
career in this State. ■ Dr. Taylor closed as
follows:
His was the shaping hand that drew order
in of chaos in the community where he first
became ..active as a public man; his was one
if the shaping legislative hands at the very
beginning of California's political life; no
other man contributed bo much as he to the
settlement of her land titles; and as a judge
no other one hand has made such an impres- ]
sion upon her judicial history. And when he
left the State Supreme bench for the higher
station of the Federal tribunal, his luster was
not dimmed by that of the great men about
him, but it shone with such additional bril
liancy as to make him beyond all question one
if the greatest judges this or any other country
has produced. In fact, to quote the language
of Chief Justice Fuller, "His judicial career
was unexampled in length and distinction.
» • • His labors left no region of juris- !
prudence unexplored, and now that he rests j
from them his work will survive him."
Judge Gilbert followed with appropriate
remarks, and the court adjourned out of !
respect to the memory of tne dead jurist. i
. ♦ .
Death of Henry King.
ALAMEDA, May 22.— Henry F. Kinp;
died last nipht at the home of hip moth
er. Mrs. S. P. Kins. Sl7 Santa Clara ave
nue. He was a sufferer from pulmonary
troubles. Deceased was a native of Salt
Lake City, aged 36 years, and was for
merly a wells-Fargo messenger.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
ATTACK BY A
PAIR OF VICIOUS
LEOPARD SHARKS
John Roy's Life and
Death Struggle.
ESCAPE ALMOST HOPELESS
THEIR TEETH REPEATEDLY IM
BEDDED IN HIS FLESH.
Had Waded Into Muddy Water to
Gather Driftwood When
H8 Encountered the
Sharks.
ALAMEDA, May 22.— John Roy, a far-
I mer at Bay Farm Island, had a desperate
! battle with a pair of leopard sharks orf
the island shore this afternoon, and bare
ly escaped with his life. As It was, his
clothing was torn and his flesh lacerated
in the encounter, and when he finally
reached the shore he was exhausted from
the struggle.
Roy was searching for driftwood along
the shore just before the affair happened.
A short distance out he saw a large log
drifting along with the tide, and he waded
out in his gum boots to secure it. He had
just reached the log and was in the act
of throwing a rope about it when some
thing beneath the muddy waters struck
I him a terrific blow, knocking him off his
Uel and submerging him. While he was
struggling under water he was struck
several successive blows, fortunately on
the legs, and he felt one of his rubber
boots grasped in a viselike grip that tore
the rubber and cut his flesh.
Regaining the surface, Roy saw that
the water about him was churned into a
foam and noticed a pair of huge leopard
sharks that were making vicious lunges
at him with their powerful tails, alter
nating v.ith attempts to sink their sharp
teeth into his flesh.
Being unarmed, the man was at consid
erable disadvantage. He essayed to wade
to shore, but the sharks swam about him
ontinued their attack. One of them
followed him into shallow water, and only
ct ased to light when it no longer had
room to swim.
Roy managed to reach shore, where he
fell exhausted on the beach. Jle was
much injured from the encounter. His
lower limbs bore evidence of the struggle.
Deep gashes were cut in his calves and
his legs up to the hips were a mass of
bruises from the vicious blows of the
sharks.
It is not an uncommon thing for sharks
of the leopard variety to be seen along the
Bay Farm Island shores, but they have
never b< lore been known to make such a
bold attack on a human being. Roy states
that the sharks he encountered were each
at least eight feet long.
UPHOLD FRUIT-GROWERS.
Oakland's Union of Carpenters Pass
Ringing Resolutions.
OAKLAND, May 22.— Local Union Xo.
36, I arpetiters and Joiners of America,
has passed the following resolution to be
sent t" the Fruit Growers' Convention
which meets in Sacramento to-morrow:
\>-d. That we, the Carpenters' Union of
Oakland, «'al., most heartily indorse the efforts
of the fruit growers Of this State to organize
and Btand as one man for what is Just and
right, and that we as a body of organized
mechanics will aid in every way possible the
■ L>t the fruit grower to a legitimate
share of his products.
Resolved. That we place In the hands of our
legislative committee these resolutions for pub
-.. and Instruct them to note the progress
of the convention and stand ready, should there
be .in opportunity in the sessions, to act in
accordance with our resolve.
Death of Mrs. E. P. Flint.
OAKLAND. May 21— Mrs. Knima P.
Flint, a resident of Oakland since 1854,
and wife of Library Trustee Flint, died
at her home on Orange street to-day of
acute inflammation of the kidneys. Mrs.
Flint w&s one of the lirst members of the
First Crfhgregiitinnal Church and always
took a deep interest in church affairs.
I ased was a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 63 years, and leaves four daughters
and two sons.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND" HOTEL.
A P Preston, Ariz iF M Nickell, L Anp
W M Houser, Cal \3 N Woods & w, Cal
H I* George, St Joseph Alice M Russell, Cal
C H Davis & w, Cal Miss S Grant, Oakland
F \V Covey. Cal W II Nichols, Cal
G F Colton, Utah IF Laux, 8 Cruz
W T Johnson, w & b, A C Ullm & w. S Cruz
D C \V S Miller, Stanford
C E Hastings, Detroit W Sarles. Cal
B L Hall, Stanford |J O Kellogg, Chicago
F G Berry, Fresno (Miss A P Kellogg, 111
3 3 O'Brien, Boston a W Fox, Or
W H Baker & w, Mass C II Holdman, Ohio
li A Rogers, Cal' S W Kenyon, Fresno
W II Lumsden, Cal . J Myers Sr, Chicago
T Cunningham, Cal M Connolly, .Sonora
J M Wieland, NY S I' Poland, S Jose
Mrs J Mcßrler, Pa D Hayman & w, N' T
J Mcßrier, Pa I 0 W Jullen, Berkeley
Miss II White, Pa Miss Jullen, Berkeley
E Parker, Cal C F Foster, Cal
H A Raymond, Mont [Mrs I JO Lean. Cal
F H Minor & w. Mont Mrs I' II Green. Cal
3 L Galen, Helena Mrs M French, Cal
O h Hautly, Victoria Mrs F Moody, Cal
3 W Bailey, Helena * Mrs L Peacock, Cal
T Pelkey. Novato F Mason, Sacto
A H Johnson, lowa ;J Talt. Portland
E Haokett. Cal |G W Bright, Ohio
0 M Thimler &■ w, O [Mrs E X Stewart, O
F F Wright. Cal [Miss A Stewart, O
C M Simpson, Cal iG H McMather; USA
R H Jersey, Cat IW A Shippl, Ariz
F A Gardner, Chicago j\V R Lee & w, lowa -
A Baumgart, Cal I A B Eastwood & w,
C V Cleveland & W, Cal Vv-* :
Mass W B Valentine & w,
C A Patterson & w, | S Jose .
Mass .t Flanagan, Cal
S S Beaumont, Mass C M Root. Minn
1" B Mapen, Mass A B Stewart. Stanford
1 P Good & w, Mo H C Smith, Stanford
G W Newcomer. Pa W W Patterson, Cal
W D Sullivan.' Minn
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Rommel, U S N Miss W Shannon, N T
R E Brown, Victoria Miss L Ellis, N V
J C Platt, New York F L Col well & w, N V
B Thomas, New York J B Alexander '&' w.Cal
Col D Evans, NY |F J Soloman & w. Ger
E Shelby, New York jl>r O Hurken, Germny
J S Campbell.. X V R G s McCracken, Cal
W. A Kelsey, NY F W Watson, Stanfod
<; V Heidet, NY \V D Tobey, Stanford
A Oppenheimer, N V Miss Toby, Stanford .
i; C Hunter, NY R Maciaa & w, Mexico
F Miller & w, Rlversde A V Stoeger, St Louis
U S Grant, San Diego H C Nelson. P Prieta
F H Short. Fresno M G Nelson, P Prleta
W h McKitrlck, Cal II Bucovich & w, Cal
J S Owen, Win S Rosenbaum, Stocktn
Mrs II Johnson. Wis |R McCoy. USA
L N Tolfree & w, Cal 'Mrs J S Cone, Rd Bluff
J F Kelly, Mass I Mrs T Moring, Russia
D Hayman & w, . N V Mrs J Maxwell, Belvdr
II Kelsey, NY iMiss E Maxwell. Belvd
Miss E Shannon, N V O H Dockery, USA
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Nelson. Sonora ■ ' H Ronald, Wash
F J Man-hand, Manila! W S Greary, Alaska
J Duncan,' Manila G E Arcott, Denver
E McDonald.- Manila Mrs-McCufry, S Jose
C A Clase. Manila IF Mitchell, Stockton
H Hambell. Manila 'J J Thompson, Mont
Mrs J Turnell. NY J Warner, . Fresno
J E Hall. Stockton Miss T Dwight, Cal
ii A Whiteslde, Cal S.M Boyle, Courtland
R L Ford, Red Bluff.
1 MEETING NOTICES.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its v «»• ■>
thirty-third annual gathering and 3, J» .Vf
gamea at Shell Mound Park on *K.klv£
TUESDAY, May 30. As usual, I *aß%
the best ■ athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin. Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 in cash will be
distributed to • successful comDetitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform-
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park: adults 50c; children 25c
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief
ANDREW McNAIR, ■ Sec.
THIRTY-NINTH District Democrats— A meet-
, ing of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District
Democratic Club will be held THIS EVEN-
ING, at 8 o'clock In - Judge Mogan's court.
fll Democrats of the district are invited to
attend. By order of *
• M. SCHWARTZ, President.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, Secretary.
MEETII\~: Continued.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1; F. and A. • •
M.— The/ officers and members of the_*\_
above-named lodge are hereby notified jC3T
to attend the funeral of our late/^r >
brother. JAMES FLITCROFT SWIFT, in
, King Solomon" Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS
DAY (TUESDAY), May 23, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m. Master Masons and friends of the de-
ceased are invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_J\_
ING, May 23, nt 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TtX
degree. By order of the H. P. /^r '
,:>t> 'FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ■
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _J%_
DAY) EVENING. May 23. at T.3oTtjf
o'clock. D. 3. ■ -■... . /V>
-,- '.''. GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. ■
121 Eddy st., meets THIS EVENING, _*V_
7:30 o'clock.' 3D.- ■ lC3f
v GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M. -Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) ,A_
, EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. jC3f
A. S. HUBBARP, Secretary. />rA
BRITISH Benevolent Society ' ~*T
of California— Queen's birth- A VJMF 4,
day anniversary dinner, «L*^S*C».
Merchants' Club, 222 San- JtESB&ST
some St.. WEDNESDAY^*
EVENING, May 24, at 7 CKB^l^
o'clock Tickets, $2 50, at hXH*t*?t?J^C6
604 Merchant st. and Dor- Kt^LLjKwtT
ey's. Palace Hotel building. * Ny «OsS» NTP
W. CLAYTON PICKERSGILL,
H. B. M. Consul General. President.
G. C. WOODWARD, Secretary. . -
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors, of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
cf June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of Bald day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the ofifce of said Company,
number 327 Market st.,«n the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California: that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the' proposition that taid Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000). In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
| to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to i
secure the "bonded indebtedness bo proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
6aid Company now owned or hereafter to b»
acquired by said Company.
' By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. "• ~ '
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Ft . rooms 9-10: tp|. SS?O.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY, June 1, 1899.
. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
26, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.'
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation cooking and housework; wages $10
to $15; country preferred. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st-
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, young and
strong, desires situation; understands all
branches of cooking: best of references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu- j
reau, a number of first-class girls awaiting ]
• situations. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH houseglrl. good cook and laundress;
best references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED English woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, j
313- Sutter st. . j
SWEDISH second girl, good waitress and
seamstress; city or country. MRS. NORTON,
313 Slitter St.
FIRST-CLASS nurseglrl wishes situation; in-
fant or invalid; references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
strong an.l willing. $8 to $10. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
WANTED— PIace as waitress by American girl;
city or country. Box 631, Call office.
YOUNG Norwegian woman has 3 children to
support; wants to do washing and house-
cleaning from 9 o'clock to 3 for $1 25 and car
fare. Call or address 114 Welch St., nr. 4th.
WANTED— By an experienced woman, situa-
tion as child's nurse: no objection to country;
references. Call at 533 Jessie st. .
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged 'woman
to do general housework; is a good cook and
laundress; wages from $10 to $12; city or coun-.
try. Call at 1000 Washington st.
COMPETENT dressmaker desires engagements
with first-class families, to go to the house.
Box 622, Call office. .
GERMAN woman wishes a position to do gen-
eral housework <jr upstairs work. Call at
:;!'<■,(■> Twenty-second st.
ELDERLY woman would like a situation in
small family in the city; $8 a month. 270
Jessie st. s
SITUATION wanted by Danish girl to do cook-
ing or general housework. Call 9 to 2 at 132
Turk, cor. Jones.
SITUATION wanted by a woman, willing and
obliging; good plain cook and laundress; city
or a short distance in country. 206 Fifth near
Howard st. •
LADY would like to take care of house, during
absence of owner, for the summer months.
Box 629. Call.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel, Ellis St., room 23. '
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
house cleaning or washing. Apply 1709 Leav-
enworth st.
POSITION . to do cooking and housework
.wanted by competent woman; good city ref-
erences. 1518 Eddy.
YOUNG lady cashier or Italian interpreter with
first-class business experience and references
wants position. Address H. I., box 781, Call.
GOOD laundress wants any kind of work by
the day and washing at home. Apply at 422
• Second St.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
. cleaning or any kind of work; $1 per day.
1875 Mission St. •
WANTED — By a respectable widow a po-
sition as working housekeeper; city or coun-
• try. Address box 594, Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st., room 12.
GOOD' home wanted for a strong girl of 15 who
. is able to work and wishes to learn house-
work. Address 8., box 633, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ment by th,e day. 209 ICtldy Bt.
GOOD cook, $30, or will take second work; good
references. Apply at 207 Capp st.
COMPETENT English cook, middle-aged
woman; nice, housekeeper and baker, or
would take care of sick; city or country;
wages $12 to $15. 60 Third st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation .to do
general housework and plain cooking; wages
$20. 1727 Eddy st.
PROTESTANT young woman wishes situation
to take care of children or do housework; best
of reference; wages $15. Apply 40 Minna st.,
In rear. . .C-:^v<
LADY good In composition' wants position as
amanuensis or private ; secretary; stenog-
rapher. Box 713, Call office. ;.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
housecleaning, washing, any work; $1 25 day.
132 Clara st. i : , .
TRUSTWORTHY , and sober middle-aged wo-
man would like to do plain cooking or light
housework; no postal cards answered. 114 Na-
toma st.
WIDOW with little girl 4 years old would like
position as" working housekeeper , to elderly
couple. 1720 Clay st. ; * % .. .-■-.'
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper,
country preferred. Call afternoon or address
MRS. IRENE SMITH, 22 Mint aye.. room 20.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook; wife
:- good laundress and pastry cook. - 312 Van
Nete . aye. . ' - .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night: $1 50 to $«,
week; convenient and respectable: fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ■ -":
SITUATIONS ] WANTED- MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.: tel. Grant 56.
YOUNG - Frenchman, good • cook, wants em-
ployment; private family, hotel or restaurant;
city or country. Box 628, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 414fr O'Farrell st.: tel. East 424.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse in hospi-
tal or to take charge of invalid. Address M.
BUTLER. Cosmopolitan Hotel.
SITUATION wanted by harness maker; good
stitcher. Please address Box 630, Call.
YOUNG man would like a situation as bar-
tender; can give good re,f. Box 777. Call.
YOUNG man, handy about place, desires em-
ployment in city or country. Address M., box
610, Call.
GARDENER, German, wishes situation; expe-
rienced and able man; good florist; city ref-
erences. Address T. H., 167 Minna st.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk and
do all other work around gentleman's place.
Box 896, Call office.
GOOD barber wishes steady position in flrst-
class barber shop. Call or address 502 Steven-
son St., room 3, from 8 to 12 mornings.
AS bartender by a respectable singieman with
personal references; speaks German. Bar-
keeper, 87 Third St., room 2.
JAPANESE wants situation for family, office,
saloon; $5 we«k up. H. V., 35 Willow aye.
SITUATION wanted (just arrived from East) by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat, 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes;
best of references; sober and steady; wish
places; city or country. Address box 782, Call.
WANTED-^Situatlon as engineer; can run
dynamo or any kind of small plant: willing
to do other work; good reference. Address M.
F. C. 235 Minna st.
COMPETENT coachman wants work; thorough
with nprses and all stable duties; careful
driver; city or country; willing to do general
work; can milk; references flrst-class. P. G.,
box 664, Call office. \[
GARDENER wants position; flrst-class work-
man; wide experience; private place, nursery
or orchard. Address A. M., care PROFES-
SOR EMORY E. SMITH. Palo Alto.
MAN and wife wish situations as cook and
helper at mining camp or ranch.- Address box
668, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Addres Baker. 209 Third St.,
Oakland.
WAS fireman 15 years on English ships; wishes
position as fireman on land; town or coun-
try. 440 Clementina st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $15 per
month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suter.
COLORED girl, housework. $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 HOUSEWORK girls. Santa Cruz, $25 per
month each; housework, Oakland, $20; Ala-
meda, $20; Belvedere, $15; and other towns.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Hotel -housekeeper, $30; head waitress, $30; 4
waitresses, resort near city, $20; 2 waitresses,
resort near city, $20; 8 waitresses, different
resorts, $20; 10 waitresses, different commer-
cial hotels, $20; waitress, springe, $20, fare
advanced; cook, small summer resort, $30; 5
chambermaids to wait, city and country, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
German or Swedish housegirl, small family;
Swedish housegirl, Berkeley, $25, call early;
French second girl, $20; housegirl, 2 in family,
J25; lo young girls to assist in housework, $12
to $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
6 YOUNG ladies of some experience as sales-
ladles in first-class candy store, $7 a week to
start. C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Cook, no wash, German style, $30
pee lady this forenoon in office; nurse, $15; 2
Protestant girls as cook and second girl, same
family of 3, no wash, $25 and $20; laundress,
private family, $20; cook for small resort, $25;
16 girls for housework in country places, $25;
125 girls for cooking and housework In city,
$15, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Waitress for flrst-class commercial
hotel, country, in fine locality, $20; waitress
for country resort, short distance, see lady at
office this forenoon, $20; chambermaid, wait 1
meal, city, nice boarding-house, $20; restau-
rant waitress, $6 a week; 2 girls as laun-
dress and waitress, same resort, $25 and $20,
exceptionally nice place. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25; waitress, $25; cook, $25;
nurseglrl, $20; housegirl, two in family, $20.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
IRISH second girl, must have references, $25;
French second girl. $20; housegirl, 3 in fam-
ily, $25; waitress, institution, $15; young girl
to assist, $10; cook. Menlo Park, $25; middle-
aged woman, country. $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
WANTED — Woman cook for men, also a good
girl for Livermore: 25 young girls for house-
work In city, also a number of young girls to
assist; good chambermaid for city, wait 1
meal, $15; girl for downstairs work and cook-
ing; cook for institution, wages $35. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter st. ; telephone Main 804.
PRi iTESTAXT cook for institution, $30. MUR>
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
HELP of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions, $12-$25. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework.
1217 Webster St.
WANTED— A young German girl to do light
housework. 2232 Mission St.
WANTED— Experienced cloak saleslady; state
wherp last employed. Address box 626. Call.
CAPABLE attendant for invalid elderly lady.
2422 Union St.
YOUNG girl to assist with chamber work. Call'
tc.-.lay bet. 9 and 12, 1629 Sacramento st.
YOUNG girl for housework. Apply after 9, 1211 A
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Elderly German woman for house-
work and cooking by couple. Call at 5C Vas-
sar place, off Harrison St.. bet. 2d and 3d.
FINISHER on custom coats to do a little oper-
ating; good wages. Apply 927 Market, r. 623.
OPERATORS on oversklrta and underwear,
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and sewing.
!!-.:■ •
WANTED— German girl for light housework;
wages $13. 226 Third st., bakery.
WANTED— Good steady finisher on pants. 308
Kearny st.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 226 Minna
street.
GOOD chocolate dipper, wages $6, to work frora
5 to 6; steady. SCHAEFER'S, 22 Sixth st.
WANTED— Youngs girl to assist with light
housework and children. 1303 Page, nr. Lyon.
PANTS finishers. ROYAL $4 PANTS CO.. 223
Kearny st.
APPRENTICE on coats; paid while learning.
354 Geary Bt
WANTED— AII-around ironer. 639 Howard st.
GIRL for general housework. Call 10 to 1, 1519
Vallejo st., near Van Ness aye.
WANTED— GirI or elderly woman for plain
housekeeping: -2 in family; wages $10. Call
229 Eleventh st.
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests; good wages
paid. Room 120, 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st.
AN apprentice wanted to learn tailoring. Ap-
ply 347 Third st.
GIRL for light housework; good home 138
Russ st.
WANTED— Lady to take charge one office cor-
poration receive orders; simple duties; must
invest $2000, which will be amply secured;
weekly salary-; monthly dividends; investiga-
tlon permitted. Box 604, Call office.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes EM
Leavenworth st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom pants.
1039 Howard st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week: r«-
spectable; moderate rate. 1»2 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices-
steady employment. Eaglenn" Co., 535 Market!
WANTED— GirI who understands German cook-
lng; wages $25; references required Call be-
twpen 9 and 11. 1721 Jackson st.
HELP WANTED— MALS.
MAN and wife country, $40 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
ENGLISH second butler, $30 per month; must
have references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WANTED— TooI sharpener, $60; 2 blacksmiths
for mines, $2.50 day and $40 and board- camp
blacksmith, $60: 2 jobbing blacksmiths, $40
and board; machinist for country, $3 day;
Iron molder for country, $3 day; shingle
sawyer, $2 25 day; woodworker, $40 and board.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 6 drift gravel miners. $40 and
board, see boss here; 2 quartz miners, $2 50
day: timber man for quartz mine, $2 75 day
laborers for mines, $26. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Milkers, $26 and $30; farmers $1
day; 50 laborers and tunnel men, $1 75 $2' and
$2 50 day; pick and shovel men, $2 day; sheep
herder, $20 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 jackscrewers, $32 50 month- 3
barkers, $26; timber fellers, $40; choppers. $30-
-6 woodchoppers. 75c to $1 35 cord; 10 tie-
makers; 12 laborers about mill. $1 50 day. J
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for country restaurant, $40
and found; second cook, $25; 2 bell boys;
waiters: kitchen men and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT FROM 7 A. M. TO-DAY
IS haymakers, pitchers, rakers, men to run
mowers, godevlls and laborers. sl 25 and $1 day
87 steady orchard, vineyard, farm and ranch
hands different Jobs. s26, $25 and $20 and found
14 milkers $30, $25 and $20 and found
12 chore boys and men for ranches
$15 $20 and $26 and found
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA.
986 teamsters, office fee $1 $2 day
515 teamsters, office fee $1 $2 day
Free fare Free fare
259 tie makers Be, 9c, 10c and 12c each
154 woodchoppers, tools furnished
$150, $2 and $1 cord
....' GOLD MINES, ETC
3 miners, gold, also 2 laborers, gold
$2 50 and $2 day
10 miners, coal by the car 50c ajid 75c car
14 laborers, no experience required $2 day
5 block makers $2 50 day
3 slate splitters $2 50 day
3 diamond drillers $3 day
IN SAN FRANCISCO
24 laborers $175 and board home
And $30 and found monthly
15 2-horse teamsters SI W day
5 laborers, factory work, city ♦-"
Driver milk wagon. No. 1 place.. s2s and found
3 stablemen, city and country Jobs
MARRIED— CAN TAKE CHILDREN
Milker and wife, north, pleasant climate... s3s
Farmer and wife. Contra Costa Co $35
.MACHINIST-BLACKSMITH AND SHOERS.
12 blacksmiths and shoers, different Jobs
Different wages.. s3, $2 50 day, $50. $40 and $30
and found
Machine blacksmith Also machinist
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE into beautiful Monterey County..
10 laborers to screen gravel $1 75 day
No experience required
6 2-horse teamsters, same Job $1 75 day
6 men to shovel, etc., same Job $1 75 day
Fare free both ways.. Above Jobs will last un-
til Christmas.. Office fee only $1
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE PAID AGAIN TO SAWMILLS
20 laborers, we ship to-day $26 and found
No experience required and increase in wages.
Special good Job
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.... First Natio/ial 8ank.... 52 day
will pay each for 10 2 and 4 horse teamsters.
Free fare
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE •..•....Los Angeles District
12 2-horse teamsters $2 day
12 4-horse teamsters $2 day
14 laborers, no experience necessary $2 day
Off flee fee only $1
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE..S. P. Coast Division.. Free Fare
To-day Via Third and Townsend Depot
Every day
500 teamsters, 2 horses
500 teamsters, 4 Jiorses
150 drillers
150 hammermen -v
150 holders for drillers
Office fee only $1
Wages, $3, $2 50, $2 and $1 75 day and $30 and
found
Come yourselves and bring your friends
S. P. R. R. pass
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Engineer for mills $50 and found
2 lumber pilers $26 and found
Tall edgerman $1 75 day
6 lumber pilers $2 day
18 laborers, no experience required
$26 and found
4 spool tenders, Sonoma Co $30 and found
Head donkey roan, Sonoma C 0.. .540 and found j
2 tree fellers, see boss here $40 and found
3 Jackscrewers, see boss here.. s32 50 and found
4 bark peelers, see boss here $26 and found
2 setters, Steams' blocks $52 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
19 cooks, hotels, boarding houses, camps,
ranches and resorts, $50, $40, $35, $30 and $25
and found
14 dishwashers and helpers
$25, $20 and $15 and found
7 waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
2 elevator boys, city Jobs Also porter
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS AND HELPERS.. LAUNDRY HELP
2 laundrymen, same country hotel
$25 and found
Baker, country shop $40 and found
2 young boys or men, little experience
$15 and found
3 assistant bakers, city '
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment
Agency —
Wanted for Coast Railroad to-day
Free fare.... Ship daily Free fare
6 rough rockmasons $3 a day
50 hammer and header men $2 25, $2 50
300 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses $175, $2
25 gravel screeners and concrete men..sl 75, $2
50 rock and steel laborers J2
3 camp cooks $45 and $50
ALSO
FOR THE VALLEY ROAD
200 teamsters, laborers and tunnel men
$175 to $2 50
FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Screw setter, $50 and found; spool tender, $35
and found, north; 2 timber fellers.' $40 and
found; Jack screwer. $32 50 and found; 10
laborers and pilers, $30 and found, see boss
here; swamper, $26 and found; 35 laborers and
pilers, $26 and found; chain tender, $:W.
MISCELLANEOUS
2 cement finishers, $3 50 a day. country;
blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day; black-
smith, country shup, $40 and found, fare 75c;
farmer and wife, $40 and found; sheep herder,
$20 and found; 35 farm and vines-ard hands,
$25 and $26 and found; 50 farmers, $20 and
found; milker, $25.
First-class coachman, with references, $40
and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chief clerk and bookkeeper, country hotel
$50 and found
Barkeeper, country club $50 and found
t'hef for club, country $10)
Head waiter, country h0te1......' $60
10 cooks $40. $7. $9. $10. $12 week
Waffle man, clean chickens, country hotel
$40 and fare
Bellboy, with references, $15; 2 neat bell-
boys, $10; porter, country hotel. $20; cook,
small resort near city, $40 and found; second
cook, $40; night cook, $40; night cook, $7 a
week: night cook, $6 a week: second cook,
$30: bakers' helper, country, $15 and found; 3
dishwashers, $25: 3, $5 a week; porter, hos-
pital, country. $25.
«C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Young man to drive delivery wagon
and do chores for large ranch, good steady
place, $2o per month and board; 5 line pullers
and woodsmen, see boss here, $3n and found;
quarryman, near city, good job, $2 50 per day;
crosscut sawyers, San Mateo County, $30. W
I>. r.WKK >* O > Old Clay st.
THREE axmen, $26 and found; 1 timber feller,
$40 and found; apply at once. J. P. JOHN- j
STON, 872 Broadway, Oakland.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— Help wanted
for hotels, restaurants, private places, etc.
Call and see list.
CHEF; country restaurant; $20 a week. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
TAILOR on custom roats. Apply Immediately,
927 Market st.. room 623.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: bjankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist In light work: must have $100 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
MAN to do gardening and take care of horse;
state experience; wages $10 per month. Box
627, Call.
FIRST clase painters at 463 Geary st. x
WANTED— Young carpenter at plain work;
steady inside employment; give name, age,
address, wages expected. Address box 609,
CalL
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devisa-
dero and Broadway, city.
WANTED— A young man to care for horses and
serve small milk route. Apply 12 Hartford, !
off Eighteenth, near Castro.
YOUNG man with one or two years' experience
In barber business. 812 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Two painters. CARTAN & SONS,
Clay and Mason sts.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale In Oakland?
Inquire 1059 Howard st., San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS gas fitter and helper. CHAS.
MEEHAN. Plumber. 642 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Three farm hands. Apply m2lVs
Market st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery and
florist business. JOHN CARLSON, 500
Haight st. '
GOOD and sober dishwasher. 8 Jacklson st.
BARBER wanted. 39^ Turk »t.
EXPERIENCED hardware salesman wanted:
state where last employed; wages $9 per
week. Address box 632, Call office.
BOOTBLACK. 152 Third St.; must have
brushes.
WANTED— A good barber; steady work. 14
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED- A dishwasher, $20 per month. 269
O'Farrell St.; call early.
GOOD lunch waiter: also good dishwasher 432
Fifth st. '
SHOEMAKER wanted to buy shop; cheap-
with new Singer. 418 Larkin st.
SIGN painting; boy or young man; steady
work. 79 Third »U
HELP WANTED— -Continued.
WANTED— First-class tailor on coats to work
• inside. 411% Kearny st. '- .
WANTED— Steady man with small capital.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
GOOD shoemakers wanted for custom repair-
ing: steady work. 961 Mission st. ;
WANTED — Good coatmaker. Inquire 2^5
Third St.; steady work. . "'■ .
BARBERS-Good shop for sale In country;
shaving, 25c DECKELMAN BROS. 106 Ellis.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also fl/st-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond: wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
I GREEN hands for voyage to Alaska, good
wages, at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
IN Santa Cruz Co., 10 -to 12 woodchoppers;
steady work. Apply 40 California St., room 8.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast ana
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
I FARM hands wanted. Call at Golden Eagl»
Hotel. Marysvllle. Cal. .
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
I years, who are citizens of the United States,
I or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height.' For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines. Alameda County. Cal. ; sufficient
new ground has been opened . up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent. _^ .
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: constant practice: catalogue free.
Moler'B Barber College, 625 Clay st. ■■
150 men for cleanest houses in city, "Central
House," 871 Market, and • "Branch House,"
861; 15c to 50c night; all daily papers.
BRICKLAYERS and plasterers— 4 or 5
that are acquainted with East: others to
work at Hllo, Hawaiian Islands; no money
needed Call on Monday morning at room 173.
Occidental Hotel, at 9 o'clock, and every day
at same hour for 3 days. A. RICHLEY.
WANTED— Christian man to qualify for posi-
tion of trust; salary $900. Inclose reference
and self-addressed stamped envelope to Di-
rector. care Call office. ! .
FIRST-CLASS turn*! superintendent: good •al-
ary- references required; state experience.
Apply, box 7848. Call office. _^_"
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 lan»
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. , 138% Eighth at. •
TO go this week— 6oo pairs men's shoes, iora«
nearly new, from 50c to $150; new. shoes.
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st.
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
j GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sta.
! 300 SINGLE furnished rooms, luc, 15c and 200
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedals House)— rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
■ 250. MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single.
10c. 15c night: 60c. 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 60 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below SLxto.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. V. „;".■
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-606 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; frea
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
EVERYWHERE to sell Magic Sole and Heel
Protectors; sample prepaid, 10c. BROWN,
332 Bush st. .
WANTED — reliable men as general or
local agents for the best acetylene gas gen-
erator on the market: commission liberal and
permanent work. for the right man. Apply to
.P. O. box 243. Seattle, Wash. .^.
ANY one desiring to make money call at 962
Seventh st. room 30. Oakland. 10 to 12 a. m.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A WELL-KNOWN and prosperous manufactur-
ing company, located in the East, desires to
receive offers of manufacturing property: 40,-
-000 tp 70,000 square feet, with or without build- -
ings.
Locations on railroad and tide water pre-
ferred.
Steady employment to about 200 hands,
probably increasing to double: also gives em-
ployment to boys and girls; answers must be
explicit as to location: no personal interviews
granted. Box 60S, Call office. ' :>".-
COTTAGE— North of Market St.; good location;
street work done. Address with full par-
ticulars box 710, Call office.
WANTED— House and lot; $1500 cash. WIL-
LARD, box 606. Call office. ■•--,;
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
• STONE, Elmhurst.
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush St. room 4.
EDUCATIONAL.
E^^nVE^RllN^^cliooir^ivTr^id^ilnTn^r^
saying, blowpipe anal., -chemlatry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, ■ English; 24
teachers, day and evening"; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st ; ■
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60. Flood build-
ing, S. H. TARR, Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work: course in bookkeeping;
' rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archi.rday & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN Ht'DDT, 6 A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. ME Larkln St.. onn City Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
. gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no advancs
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn: moderate fees: call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
i flee open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels bldg.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor, Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKE— Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
• W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. - .v^:
CARPET CLEANING. .
CITT Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
move*, lays carpet*. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
(8 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with - poor work
■and to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Teharna St.: tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co
483 Stevenson st: tel. South 228; lowest ratea.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 -Eighth «t; tel. Jessie Mi
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 lit*
«t. ; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.. :
US. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c . yd.: tel. Mint 34«.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. «33 Golden
Gate ay«.; t«l. Bart m.
LOST. ~
LOST— Ellis-st. car. a pair of spectacles in
case. Return to 1542 O'Farrell st ; reward
LOST— Diamond scarfpin with wishbone mY
heart. Reward at 459 Halght 6 t J
ST *o£ Y l? c ?n^^^^HI SINESV CHANCES.
\-S"O; .SALOON doing a good buslnessTMar^
ket and Seventh pts. ; rent $40; a bargain. R.
G. WILKE, 006 Market ft.
\— VM; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estab. years; 30 feet tr m Call bldg. ; account
for sickness. Particulars H. G. Wllke, 306 Mkt.
A— $1(500; corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
rne-half block from Wieland's Brewery; daily
receipts about $25; ISO trade only; a rare
a Chance. Call R. G. LLKE, 90S Market st.
A— s7oo; corner saloon with 3 entrances; estab-
lished Z0 years; doing a rushing business;
large Eto> k ; very best location, about one
block fruin The ■ ill. H. G. WILKE, SOS Mar-
ket st.
A— slS'»; restaurant with 9 furnished rooms in
Contra Costa County; 60 steady boarders be-
sides largo transient custom; meals 25c; rent
J4." . clearing above $178 per month. Call R.
G. WILK ■•' 8 Market st. • ', \
A^WJOu; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
talocn. Including 17 furnished rooms and
Ira mil bakery; rent $34; lease; kept by own- .
ers years; a bargain. U. G. WILKE, 906 '
Market st.
$450— RANCH bakery and stationery store in
the Mission, living rooms; rent $1S: average
daily receipts HO. Call R. G. WILKE, 9u6
Market st.
;;no— CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
sts. It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
PARTNER wanted; light 1 ness; clear $75
each.
Cigar stand cheap; sickness cause of sell-
ing.
Saloon: n bargain; SlOO clear a month.
WESTERN IN-. ESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
riONERY, notions and cigar store;
bargain. NATL AGENCY, 783H Market St.
iROTO-ENGRAYING, publishing and printing
I.umiiuss; a sacrifice. Nat. Agency, 7S3>-s Mkt.
"•O— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.,
S6i Market st.
75— BARBER shop; 5 chairs; laundry ugency.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
KHO RT— Sunset oyster and refreshment
li'iviee half way between Cliff House and In-
gleside; nicest and best; on Ocean Boulevard;
it sale or lease (furnished), or will take
v partner; will open about June 1. Apply to
room 11. 632 Market St., or on the premises.*^
ON'.T mlys this bargain— Elegantly ntted'up
store, including shelving, counters ana » ,
sllver-mountod showcases-; living rooms in j
rear; long lease; rent J2i. 2** Third ; st. ■
FINELY located jewelry More, with- or with-
out stock; enly object in selling tins P'"™-
has secured larger placo for loan Dusineao.
Call store. 867 Market St.
?200- PARTNER wanted 7n esUblished|busl-
ness; two places to look af ter; | PJ* I "*^. ?,'
work;no experience: trial glven-T 266 O yarreu.
PARTNERrwlth' some capital wanted to^manuj
facture combination door mat, pateniea.
<"HAS. KUHN, Fruit val^^J-al^
' GOODS business 5 for | right rarty: ""^f
st, cor. Hyde. .
FINE «o»~flxture. and showcasj.: notions. ,
rooms; suitable branch lane.} au I
2.54S Folsom. ,
■
SALOON^Cheap; splendid business; cheap rent.
"k,,.-i st'; near Folsom; call.;- .
FOR' sale^Fruit ; store.; j pood chance. 130 Eighth
et.; no agents.
A^FIKST-CLUSS saloon en East st . nr. Mar-
kl« ■on acrount of ill health; II LANE &
. ONNELLTS, 204 Market_st.
FOR^saleToriwlll take partner in one of the
* best little businesses in Oakland: no • Ight or
Sunday Vork. Apply :15_ Eighth st., Oakland.
BARBERS^2-cha,ir shop for sale. 1 Spear st..
r.r.ir Market.
W WTEO— a nany experienced in hotel best-
i<>rs a- a partner in taking charge of a fine
'{■ •.', carltal required $l'.iou; also a furnished
- ilef to r*r.t; cicur store - lust be sold at
". , hoi ii 1 - eery an<i bar. to lv sold by
May "~> Slifl We haw splendid opportunities
in 'air classes of business; before buying call
, ..... office; German. French. Spanish and
'■ '-!. ..spoken. PACIFIC COAST EX-
■' HANGE, mt --3. 10U74 Market, nr. a:xth.
•T-i Sin Rafael; comer of G st., opp.
"\v.'ii" ■ :; iwm'W -s.iuge depot; 2-story house
; l.i :•-;•- rooms upstairs, saloon and
,Ung-rootn and 2 rooms downstairs;
fdlchance for a business man; lot 13"x
fronting :> 3 streets. Inquire premises.
TEItE.ST in c :p ration; honorable |
Investment s*<:ured; investor handle \
mself; further 'i.-veloping business;
ilary: roan ' ! '-'rtm-ry ability suftl- ;
■ .• •. r permitted. Box 604, Call.
Eastern purchaser-! of profitable
fg-itimate exchanges, first mort- j
g . loans and for further information frcm I
<".'.ira 'Valley Orchard Agency- of !
.. write to box 711, Call office. '-i ■ ', ■
W \NT a few good men to invest $1000; . .irpen- !
•. • - preferred; pood wages paid; investment
will .ay SIM month besides wages; the $1000
: !n 12 months; jersonal interview for
rs. Box 603, Call office.
A! . VISTRATOR'S sale— A dry goods, fancy
:- in i millinery store, located at Hollis-
:.- icounty r"-at); stock about (8006. in good
■ :. litii r,, will sell at great sacrifice; crop
;: spects first class. Apply at 134 Sixth St.
EMAKER— A rare chance; for sale cheap;
: ilher, last, tools, patching machine, etc.: 1
mile fr :ti Stanford University. Inquire
French shoemakpr, Mayfleld, Cal.
PARTNER, experienced salesman preferred.
to har.iile money-making store article: newly
patented; small capital required. Box 785,
Call office.
FOR i-klf cheap — Steam cleaning and dyeing j
works, doing a -class business. 20 Locust
St.. Santa Cruz. Cal.
SALOON for sale at SO Jackson St., between
Davis and I <rumm,
' BLACKSMITH shop and tools cheap; clearing
over $150 nth, Address MRS. E.. 353 Fifth.
Al SALOON: pood location; cheap. Inquire at
WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 31S-322 Clay st.
SHOE shop; must be sold: good paying busi-
ngs; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
FOR sale cheap, second-hand baker's oven. At
i-f.al Yard. M 7 Mission st.
SEE BASILE. S73H Market St.. to buy or. sell
your business; lodging houses a specialty.
NEW and -complete furniture of a flat for sale
rhf-ap; host btove and linen. 51214 Pierce St.;
call from 1 to 4 p. m.
BARBER hop with" living rooms for sale at
1*124 torn st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
ROUTE cd this paper for sale. Apply this
efflce. ■.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
10 nagt-w. !n -.v: a;, per, for mailing. $1 p«t year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOlLERsT~englnes, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
I.NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains etc of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
! to the big store In Odd Fellows' building.
Market st near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
EAR!?, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023. Mission et.,
above Sixth.
A I AN OVERSTOCK
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar flxtnres.
supplies: best beer pumps; cheap; installmts.
BEAUTIFUL smooth case, small size, gent's
14-karat gold watch, for $30: worth $60. At
UNCLE HARRIS', IE Grant aye.
SCHOONER Lotus In good condition, fully
. equipped; a bargain. 4 Falmouth, or LEE'S
Boathouse, Long Bridge.
COMBINED punch and shears: medium size
screw cutting lathe. 64S Mission st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 1
h.p. $150. 4 h. p. $17*.. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
A BREECH-LOADING shotgun for $15; cost
originally 532. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
A— BUITS made to order for $35 at $12 00. MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery.
A—U 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
• lar Price Hatter*; 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V., 204 Mission st.
L.M'NDHY plant, complete; boiler, undine, etc.
WHITE'S. .'l6 Miss! st - .."-.-•
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
AS.HMAN.& BURKE, 133 Beale st.
BARS, counters, show. .. shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII circs, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE, $3.i; attachment (only), $13; will
fit phono or sraphophone. Baclgalupl. 533 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand, all
Fizep; half riKinnl rn<=t ?■'■ -Ii Market. B. V.
SEWING MACHINES.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought. «old;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4.V
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer, White cheap.
repairing? guaranteed 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged. nted; r»-
pslrtng at lowest th*'- 'M Fourth «t.
PHYSICIANS.:
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM house; clears $80; only $350
110-room corner house; clears $500 5500
18-room house on Turk st 700
65-room house to exch'ge for small house. 3000
10-room house on Taylor st 500
24-room house on Market st SOO
15-room house on Howard st 600
18-room; new; cost $4500 1800
■24 rooms on Geary st ; 625
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
■ 12-rocm house; large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
M-room house; clears ?300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. 6th.
22-ROOM HOUSE
POWELL AND GEARY STS.
COST $4000 GOOD AS NEW
..PRICE ONLY $1300 IF TAKEN AT ONCE.
H. C. DECKER...... H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carets, cur-
tains, etc., of the Alexandria Hotell removed
to the big store In Odd Fellows -building.
Market st. near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
LODGING-HOUSE of 11 rooms for sale on
Third it -Call at J. J. CROSS' grocery, 249
Third Et.
THE furniture of 15 rooms In whole or In part;
steady roomers if taken at once. Address
box B. call branch office, . 387. Hayes ; st. r- ■. , ■
post - 0 corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
and single rooms; centrally located; to gen-
tlemen and families; all conveniences: refer-
ences given: elevator.
Jir.o-11 ROOMS; near Third and Market; rent
* 52,1 National Agency.' 7>3'? Market St.
lIHMTIRK for sale.
TrT~of"th»r remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
Mm« etc of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to "the lii'g store in Odd Fellows' building.
Market pt near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
TVPE^TRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
We .Eastern Outfitting Co., 1810 Stockton st.
4' ROOMS furnished In oak for $4860, with No.
7 range: King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
selling good upright pianos for $«
cash end $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate ami approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, ; corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., Snn Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. /
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago, is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell et . ; pianos, organs and
all other musical- instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest;' every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.-
-sss— ELEGANT ciano for sale on $5 install-
ments; cost $400. Call 1115 Post st.
R. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 30S to 312 Post St.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A NEW nickering and 3 Steinways. KeefCe's,
1019 Van Ness, or. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
BARGAINS— big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs-; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia- Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
LADIES' spirited driving mare and hand-
made harness for sale cheap. Call after I
■ 5:30 p. m. at 64 Alpine St., San Francisco.
HORSE and wagon for sale; cheap. Corner
Pierce and Eddy Ms.. Maud S Stables.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall,
successors Klllip & Co. : salesyard. 1732 Mkt.
25 HEAD of fine driving, carriage and draft
horses; 1100 to 1700 lbs.; 5 to 7 years old. Can
be seen at 1623 Powell St., near Union.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
cart?, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — 40 hordes and mules at old Turk-st.
car stable. ISM Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 PETP second-hand harness; wagons." carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
"' _ EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071H Market St.. 6. P.: examlna-
tlon free; rpen evenings. '
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aped should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER.
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s Infallible
pills 510 Eddy St.. bet.. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 4 to 8 p. m. . . 'A'
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day: no Instruments used; cure at office.
$5: home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p.m. : Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions:
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 421.
This well-knownt ladles' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, In order to gain knowledge
which Is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit or her many pat-
rons on her return In August.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy afcd aid: sure relief.
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $6; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free* ladles* physician, practice 87 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
PR WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-7K6 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs over 3000 varieties being used:
advice frae; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 1 p. m.
Chichestar's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief, for Ladles"; letter by return mail: at
druggists, Chlchestcr Chrmlcal Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
»t • $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. '■"■ 531 X "'■■ Sacramento. c a i ._
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safej^re; $2 50;
exnres«ed C. O. D. don't delay ufmi too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able safe sure; maternity home; no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential: home
treatment, $5. DRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye;
private home in confinement.
M and Mr.« Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;?:, up.
PR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
pases n't the human body. lit Mason st.
ALASKA^^N^ERJWISES- £
Navigation and" Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10, 1899. for St. Michael. Cape Nome and
Kotzebiie Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made with the general
office; no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAS. F. BLANDIN, • President. 10
California st., room 5. .•■.•■•'
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1899.
PERSONALS.
PROP. MERGENS & CO.— Mineral baths; most
wonderful remedy for paralysis, rupture,
rheumatism, sore eyes, etc. 218 Eddy. Ist Uoor.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Is the only reliable
hair t..nic; keens the hair clean and glossy;
Ssc a bot. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
LEDEREH. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 2oc; this week he will offer all his $1 hair
switches at 75c; good quality and length. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stccktoh at.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains etc , of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building.
Market st.. near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th: Guerrero Bt. cars;- tel. Blue 9?1._
HOME for family where they can make thrir
own living. 30 Hannaih St.. Oakland.
SUMMER bambofTfurntture below cost to or-
dfer. K. YoSHITANI. 31" Sutter St.
JOHN i/. m » inf., Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
Xio to $1 50 per ni^ht; $1 GO to $6 per week;
free 'buF and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, carls, Doteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEV, printer, DU Sacramento St.;
phone Main 1836.
JOSEPH GREVKN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes. £2. $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons.
$« 0 weekly); $10 (2 w.>; $15 (.3 w): $20 t4 w.)
_and $25 i every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post 7T7 will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tallor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
complete line ladi.-s' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy caymi'nts. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit .lept.. 1201 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dresslng. Apply room 400. Examiner building.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 937. JACOBS, 1023 Folsoni st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 2« Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB, 1117 Market n , bet. 7th and Mh.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. V. Tailoring Co.. no Kearny.
I RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr.Gordin,6M Plne.ab. Kearny.
FOLDING bed- $8 50; bedrm sets $B:bed lounges
$4 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manulacng. O. Nolte.
.leml-r. 24^ o'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary Bt. ; dresses made. $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings. $L 232 Stockton st.
MEDIUMS" Protective Association meeting to-
night, Occidental Hall. SOS I^arkin st. ; Mrs.
Seal. Qriffln, Eberhardt; 10c; take elevator.
MME. FOUNG'S convincing t"st circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND, test circle to-day. 2 p. m.,
I p. in ; articles read. 10c. 12" Sixth M.
C V. MiI. LICK'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
CIRCLE to-night; Thursday, 2 p. m., 38c;
| readings, $1. 1124 Oak st. ; Steers.
I MF{S. S. SIEP, psychometrist; 11 to 5: 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MBNA FRANCES, independent "Ate
writing medium. lIS Haight st.
VHS. Et-LIS, tests to all: Tueß.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS H BAt'MAXX. th" well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office a t SIS O'Fftrrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st.. near
Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; open Sundays;
fee 23c: for ladle? only; card reading at pri-
vate entertainments.
| MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
I card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease; full life reading; m-
. 50c; gents. Jl; sit.. $1 80. 12« Turk Et.
MYRTLE POTTI ■ ider and palmist.
Parlors 13 and 18, second floor. 865V4 Market
: -. \ v. GRANT, clairvoyant
: and palmist 12') Ellis st.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLJS, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 2344 Sixth.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
•. room 7.
MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
Miss GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
nt-ti.-t. HOI Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
Miss EVA SHELDON, celebrated card reader
from Portland. Or, 17 Grant aye., room 6.
I CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladies only,
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renownc.i revealer, first
in her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
' MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
I MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
; MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market st., room 2.
! mTss OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
enrd reader. US Grant aye. r. 15. second floor.
M~M~E. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
iHSS A FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St.. r. 34: French and English spoken.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and pt.ychom-
etrlst: parlors 2 and 3, 955 Market st.
MME, STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
bnnd's picture. 2f>c; Indies. ''14 o'F.wreM jt
PALMISTRY.
I MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count Bt. Qer.
main*. 61* Geary Bt.. above Jones; tel. Hyd»
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUbHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush Bt.. between Taylor and Joney.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bids., 927 Market Ft.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always th» most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
j A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
Wth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior tn rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our epeclalty; flexible
I lat's from $5: crowns. $3 50: fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Hlxth St.
AT the~ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar^
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly, teeth
without plates our specialty, gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday. 9to J
p m. G W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Mitnnger.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no studente: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 25e up; gold
crowns, $3: gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
Ml LT'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas jrlven.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth witout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, »69 Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up: crown*.
$S up: open eVgs. R5O Market, cor Stockton.
WET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOT'NG IK4I Pr.lk st.
storage:.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. A H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
DON'T store In cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO.. 1123 Howard St.: advances made.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
22 Mission: goods guarantee.!: tel flay 25.
OFFICES TO LET.
FOR rent— 6-room flat, suitable for physiolS^R
or dentist's offices: very central. 102 ft Sixth
St.; key in hat store.
HOUSES TO LET.
' fclPw^bsl'e??ir"i\^?s^^
3616 Sixteenth; 6 r... 16 509% Leav'w'th; 5 r. 16
1207 Sanchez; 5 r — 10 ■ 930 Guerrero; 6 r 10
650 Jessie; 8 r...... - 91625 Valencia; 7 r 20
232 Natoma; '3 r.... 9| 705 Ellis; 6 r.. ..25
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
A— ROOMS, bath; nice yard ; reduced to $14.
121 Silver st., between Third/and Fourth.
FINE sunny pleasant house, • 7 rooms, in per-
fect condition; 3886 Twenty-first St., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25. . ' ' '
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; 9 Laskie St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission; rent
reasonable. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ' ■' ' "
LAGUNA 1717— House of 8 rooms, bath: base-
ment: yard; newly papered.
MINNA, 323 6 sunny rooms In good order;
key at 323. '
PINE 2623—5 sunny rooms, bath; large yard;
$18: water free. See owner 2 o'clock.
SEE the sunny 9-room house. 26 Franklin St.,
oft Market; "fine for renting rooms.
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
first and Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den-lawn; flowers; stable; electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms, in per-
fect condition; 3388 Twenty-first st.. next to
corner Guerrero; electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. Key at corner.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PAR-M^Y furnished house; modern convenl-
ences; 2533 Mission. Room 24, Flood building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON 333— 3-room cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $5 month. San Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st. .
BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms. 1624 Devisa-
dero St.. near Sutter. ■
FINE cottages reduced from $15 to $12. A. M.
SPECK & CO.. <67 Market. , '
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, bath; stable; rent
$19. Box 663. Call office.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; flat of 6 rooms,
bath: cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT" hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
LOWER -flat 5 rooms, reasonable; also house,
4 rooms and stable, cheap, to right parties.
820% Jessie St.. oft Ninth. . ■
LOWER fiat. 5 rooms, bath and yard; rent $13.
'1579 Turk st. .
MOST desirable new sunny 5-room flat and
bath. Chelsea place, off Bush St.. between
Stockton and Powell. -
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat, 6 rooms,
bath; all latest Improvements. 12 Grove st.
NEW sunny modern flats, 1603 Broderick
St., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderlck St., 6 rooms; rents
reduced.
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
318 Capp st., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
TO let— New modern flat. Corner of San Jose
aye. and Twenty-ninth st. >_
TURK. 520B— Sunny flat. 4 roome; large base-
ment: rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry:
storeroom ; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmore.
2 NEW sunny flats. 5 rooms each: low rent;
stable with one. 3753 Twenty-fourth st.
2 NEW, gunny, modern flats. 1603 Broderick
St., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderick St., 6 rooms;
rents reduced. J. JACOBS.
4 NEW flats, 4 and 3 rooms and bath; ranges;
hot and cold water; linoleum; rent $6 and $10.
Box 716, Call office.
$10— LOWER flat. 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St..
oft Market, near Valencia.
CORNER upper flat, 6 rooms and bath.
Apply grocery corner 24th and Florida sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
' LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine -view. 1317
I .fit yen worth st. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
i BARTLETT, 322—2 or 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, complete; front room, alcove;
bath; garden; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 628— Parlor floor, 3 or 4 elegantly fur-
nished Bunny housekeeping rooms; bath; gas;
running water; nice neighborhood; reference.
ELLIS, 635, near Larkln— Nicely furnished front
alcove room, kitchen and bath: furnished for
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $S. or 2, $10.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekpg.; pri-
vate; 3 connecting rooms, $13; single, $5 up.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms: nice yard; water; $10.
GEARY, 596—2 or 3 connecting sunny front
rooms furnished for housekeeping. Apply bet.
10 and 4.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 sunny rooms; gas;
bath; hot and cold water; newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gap stove; use of telephone. ■/; ;■-.■;.;
GUERRERO, 129. near Fourteenth— Housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
I HAIGHT, 318. near Market— 3 fine unfurnished j
rooms; range; yard; good place for table
board.
HARRISON, 676— Parlor floor, 3 nice sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HAWTHORNE!, 172, near Harrison— 2 desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms; use of parlor;
reasonable.
| HOWARD, 640, nr. Sunny bay-window rms;
' also single; 25c, 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD. 106S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
! complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
JESSIE,. 478. near Sixth— Two furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also others.
MARKET, 2098—2 or 4 sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable.
MINNA, 111%— Furnished housekeeping bay-
window suite, with piano. $2 per week.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Furnished large front
room; American family; water; stove; closets.
MINNA, 646—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MISSION, 827—2 large sunny rooms, all fur-
nished for housekeeping, $10.
MISSION, 1165— Housekeeping rooms; also base-
ment: furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable.
MISSION, 2133—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms;
housekeeeplng;* hath; cheap. ■ .'■
OAK, 31, corner Franklin— Large sunny front
rooms; suite qr single; complete for hkpg.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window and kitchen; gas stove; $11.
POLK, 610 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; private family. ■
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
.single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 12.'), near Bryant and Third-
Front alcove suite; also 1 single; $4 mo. up.
THIRD, 340,— furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; $150 week; also front, $1 75.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3210. corner Folsom— Double
connecting bay-window parlors, furnished or
unfurnished; cheap.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE. cor-
ner; reasonable to responsible parties.
VAN NESS aye.. 518— Front sunny rooms, suit-
able for light housekeeping; gas range.
2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping, 2 folding beds, one In kitchen,
one In bedroom, $10 per month, $2 75 per week:
furniture all new. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
-__-—————_•_ ■'. ' .
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
: In every respect; terms reasonable. ■ .
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: 'modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KIN.G^
AT 16 Stockton St., "The Pup"— fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen. '? ~. , :
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $1 50 week and up; transient.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny rooms and suits;
■ all conveniences; families and gentlemen;
elevator;- tourist; references. ' .
BUSH, 613— The Grenoble— Newly furnished
rooms, $8 up; suites, $15 up; Wellshach lights.
CARROLTON, .1206 Market— Sunny : corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye.— rooms, fur-
nlbhsdor unfurnished. . ■
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
. furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ..
DEVISADERO, 849, cor. McAllister— 3 or 4 yery
- desirable unfurnished rooms; electric light,
■'. gas. and bath, ./ji"- ' 'r ; >'--' ;:? v' • -"- '
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite, $.18; also large front
room. $15; single. $6.
FOLSOM, 9098— A nice single room with or
without board, $15.
FRANKLIN, IS. near Market— Front sunny
bay-window alcove room; board optional;
bath; gas; also hall bedroom; reasonable.
GEARY. 14 A— Furnished rooms; double bed;
running water; first and second floors.
GEARY, 36%— The Clyde— Fine front suite;
first floor; single, front, $2 per weefc.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., 309— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suites, single rooms; transient; reas.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select- family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. *
HAVES, 114 C —2 sunny unfurnished rooms to
let; cheap. '
HYDE, 204r-Sunny front rooms, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife.
HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished parlor, folding
bed, gas and bath. $12; also housekeeping
suites complete.
LAGUNA, 1029, opposite Jefferson Square-
Large furnished room; bath and gas.
MCALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms; centrally
located; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 839— Large front room and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping, $3; furnished
rooms, $2.
MISSION, 1221— Elegrantly furnished front al-
cove, $16; also sunny connecting hkpg. roms.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms. Bulte and single; convenient; reason-
able.
ROYAL House, 126 EHIs St.— lncandescent
light; reading room. Emoking room and
ladles' parlor: room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth «..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 80— Front and back parlor;
sunny side overlooking park; suitable for
gents.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
TI'RK. 629— Unfurnished front alcove room;
running water; two closets.
VAN NESS, 813 — One or more, furnished or not;
bath, gas, etc.; doctor's residence; desirable.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First Bt.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
ELLIS. 577— Neatly furnished sunny suite.; also
single rooms with board; reasonable.
MASON, 517— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board; hot and cold water baths.
CALIFORNIA 807. "The Bingham "—Calif oral*
■nd Powell-fit, cars: neatly fur.; home comfts.
O'FARRELL, 74J— Pleasant sunny rooms; grooJ
home cooking; single, $25; double. $20.
Po\\ KLL. Suit (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
mites and plngle ro,o s; excellent board.
THE Longworth. 522 Oeary— Sunny front suite
eleirpntly furnished; single rms.: table board.
CHILDRE?. BOARDED.
WOULD like children to board In family of
arlults. Address box 715, Call office.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants. $10 per
mn 21" Lexlneton aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners. 26c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
MEW stores, with 2 living rooms and basement;
on Seventh °t.. near Mission. '
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and j.w-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4U Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd int'ts. etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye. — Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
misslon; private. LH'K. W McAllister.
MONEY WASTED.
$10,500— WANTED; 3 years. 6 per cent: private
parties; on business property. B<-x 601, Call.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Supplies of Hardware, Drugs,
Lunilx-r, etc., for Fire Department.
( iflice of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, May 23, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2633
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
Mi INDAY AFTERNOON, June 5, 1599, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing supplies for
u^ of the Fire Department, from July 1,
1899, to June 30, 1901. In" accordance with
schedule, embracing drugs, ironwurk, hard-
ware, general supplies, paints, paint brushes,
oils and lumber, prepared by the Committee
on Ftre Department of the Board of Supervis-
ors on file In this office, copies of which may
be obtained at the office of the Clerk of the
Hoard of Supervisors, on second floor, City
Hall.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomi-
nation, with the distinct understanding that
the lowest and best bid for each article re-
quired will be accepted, and that in every in-
stance no bid except from persons or firms
who are regular recognized dealers In the
articles enumerated and bid upon will be re-
ceived. Also, all articles and supplies shall
be of the same kind, quality acd texture as
per samples kept and stored In the Corpora-
tion Yard of the Fire Department, at No. 50
Sacramento street. Also the rlpht is reserved
that the Chief. Engineer of the Fire Depart-
ment, by and with the consent of the Com-
mittee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors, shall have power to purchase
any or all of the supplies, required, at the
market rates, at the expense of the party
to whom any contract may be awarded to
furnish the name, If, upon the requisition of
the officers named, the party falls or omits
to furnish the quantUy or quality of the sup-
plies designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish. Also, all article^
and supplies furnished to be subject to the
approval of the Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department, the Board of Fire Commission-
ers and the Committee on Fire Department of
the Board of Supervisors, whose decision shall
be final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all of the articles or
supplies offered.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
te n of said contracts, to pay the cost of nd-
vertjsing this notice in three daily news-
papers, and each successful bidder to also
pay the cost of the publication in the offi-
cial newspaper of the Resolution awarding
him bis contract. Each article awarded to
be charged with' its iiru rata of the cost of
advertising this notice.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Hoard has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the Committee, and a certified
check on some bank in th* City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, In favor of and made payable
to the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors.
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid conditioned if the proposal is accepted
and' the contract awarded; and if the bidder
shall fail or neglect to pay the printing
chnrges, execute the contract and give the.
bond requireil within six days after the
award is made, then and in that case the
said sum shall be iiaiil into the City an.l
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. May I. IS99— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will he received here until 11 a. m.,
May 31 1899, and then opened, for the con-
struction of the following Holdings at Fort
Stevens, Oregon: 2 barracks. 3 double sets of
officers' quarters, administration building. Q.
M. stable, N. C. O. quarters, bakehouse, hos-
pital, hospital steward's quarters, workshop,
Q. M. and subsistence storehouse. Information
furnished at this office. V. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or aH proposals or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Construc-
tion of Buildings at Fort Stevens, Oregon,"
and addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS.
C. Q. M.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
POOR MAN'S CHANCE. j
$1050. Terms, $450 cash; old fashioned house
containing six rooms and high basement; | •
.Third aye, bet. Point Lobos and Clement; I
size of lot, 35x70; get permit from office to
inspect. F. A. McNALLY & CO., 19 Mont-
gomery st. '■'■'-
$3000 CASH— Reduced from ?4500; 50- foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
sts.; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 464
Ninth St., Oakland.
$3600 HOUSE, 11 rooms. 2 baths, in 3 flats, in
good repair; newly painted; on Leavenworth
st. 926 Washington st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need ]
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
FOR "sale or exchange; corner lot; 75x56:3;
house: $5500. G. W. H. PATTERSON CO.,
1706 Market St. ". ■
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate P^irk.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell,
then call on W. J. OUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. ]
$2800— HOUSE, 3 flats, 12 rooms, near Sixteenth
and Valencia sts. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st. -i'".* ■-
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 4-room
j cottage near Holly Park: near Misslcn elec-
tric cars; save paying rent.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money Bee H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
Accommodations for a family of 3
adults and 7 children for the summer within
2 hours' ride of San Francisco; will need 4 or
6 bedrooms and bath; private farm or home
preferred; will pay liberally for good quar-
ters and table. Address box 634, Call office.
FOR sale, — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake, Van-
couver i.-iund; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island. .
$900— PART cash; chicken ranch of 7 acres; on
main road from Petaluma; level land; every- j
thing complete: growing .crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullets; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 16, Cotati, Sonoma
County, Cal.
LA GUN A DE TACHE— T ~~ ~~~~
60,000 acres finest land in Fresno County now
being subdivided; for sale In small tracts
after May 25; $25 to $40 per acre; small cash
payments: easy terms to actual settlers; low
interest; best chance In the State to buy good
land at low price. Send for descriptive cir-
culars. NARES & SAUNDERS. Fresno, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; ."150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season- of 1897-98 address THE
COCATT CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 and acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. P. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
$500—75x100: HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
'"'. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— SISOO ' stock merchandise; want
real estate. .Address Owner, 317 Page st.
EXCHANGE cash or land for my home; S-room
house, etc.; 3 acres; 8 miles from Oakland;
cheap; owner leaving: cost $1800. CAPTAIN
A. JENKINS. North Temescal.
YOUR property or business. Call or write Pa-
■* clfic Coast Exchange, 1007% Market St., near
Sixth
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL, ESTATE.
$25 CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a new
3- room cottage; high basement; lot 60x256
feet: price all told $425: Westall Tract, in
tropical Frultvale, adjoining East Oakland;
rich soil; grand view; superb climate; no cold
winds nor foes here; electric cars and a 90-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a fine
S-story schoolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located In this sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
St., near corner Broadway. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
: A SNAP AND OTHER SNAPS^ '
SOxlOO; street macadamized; new 4-room and I
bath cottage: $1300.
25x100; East Eleventh St.; 6-room cottage;
i near station: $1300.
100x100: on Jackson St.: 12-room house: a fine
home; $12,000: would exchange for ranch. Call
1 to 2 p. m.. C. P. KERN. 1010 Broadway, Oak-
land.
MAGNIFICENT new house; modern: up to
.date; 9 rooms: lot 50x200; 2 blocks from San
Francisco local: all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3500 last week: photo in office.
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,.
Oakland. *•
HOUSES to let: send for a list: also sale bar-
gains E• E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
5-ROOM house: bath: near trains; also 8
lots cheap. 962 Third St.. Oakland.
TO LET.
MODERN 3-story house, 12 rooms. In perfect
condition: 2 years' lease if desired: rent $40
with water. 537 Eighteenth St., near San
Pablo aye. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR v\l,tt.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer nth nnii Franklin. Oakland
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
WE offer very desirable lots handy to electric
cars and local station for only $450; same on
paved street. $550: only $20 down and $10
monthly: will lend money to build homes.
We offer a modern 9-room house on large
lot, ' paved street, close to University and
Berkeley station, for $3650. O. G. MAY & CO..
2123 Center st. j
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMF.OA RRAI, ESTATE.
FOR — On account of sickness, florist and
j nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus: doing business of $15 to $25 a day: or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
. Apply MX) Haight st. *
THE finest water front property in Alameda for
sale at a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st. ".. -
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Bth »t.
i lIAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
4 1-3 acres fine land, house, barn, ■ well, some
fruit; price: ......$l6OO
10 acres, house, barn, well, part fruit 3500
21%-acre chicken ranch, buildings 900
6 acres, some fruit, no buildings 700
400-acre stock ranch ....$2O per acre
200 acres, buildings, plenty wood and water,
fenced and croßs-fenced; owner made from
this place $2500 last year; price only — $7000
7 - For full particulars and description call on i
P. WILBERT, Castro st., near B, Hay- |
wards. Cal.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Superior Court, City and
. County of San Francisco. State of California-
Estate of CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER, de-
ceased. Notice Is hereby given by the under-
• signed administrator- of the v : estate of
CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER. deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having claims
against said deceased, to exhibit them with
• the necessary vouchers within four months
after the first publication of this notfee to the
said administrator at the office of George T. j
Wright Esq., room 8, tenth floor. Mills build-
ing. in said city and county, which said 'office
the undersigned selects as his place of busi-
ness in all matters connected with said estate.
HENRY MULLER.
Administrator of the Estate of CHARLES
ADOLPH MULLER, Deceased.
Dated May 23. 1899. ■ ?,:•;:
K. K. TAYLOR. Attorney for Estate.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
'Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
P. E. Anderson and Gertrude E. Sahleng.. 26-21
Charles Schlesinger and Sophia D0erf1er.... 33-30
John W. Phafer and Augusta F. Burns 26-21
Walter A. Terry and Ida E. Hay 26-26
John S. Owen and Josephine M. ,Shaw 50-42
Aaron Cohen and Maria A. Ignaclus :. 33-27
George Halleck and Laura C. Brott 40-47
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either ■of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BURNS— In this city. May 20, 1899, to the wife
of William J. Burns, a daughter.
FRIEDMAN— In this city. May 22. 1899, to the
wife of .Withold Friedman, a son
MILLERICK— this city, to the wife of John
F. Millerick. a daughter.
ORTION— In this city. May 19, 1899. to the wife
■ of A. Ortloni a daughter. ■
MARRIED. ~™
GOLDSMITH— In this city. May 21, |
1599, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena. D.D., Ber-
thold Goldsmith of Petaluma, Cal.. and Mary
Maude Arnold of Santa Rosa.
rANEfe— DOANE— In this city, May 20," 1899, by
the. Rev. Dr.. Stebbins. John E. Janes and
Jeannette S. Doan'e. ■
H DIED.
Brislan, John J. -.. Jeffery, Edwin L.
Bloch. Pauline • King, Keziah
Curlen. Genevieve Lang ford. George F.
Dillon, Anastasia McCarthy. John
Doherty, Michael . McGowan. Mathew
Driver. Thomas ■ McKelvey, Rosanna
Flsk, G. Herbert Maher, Mary
Flint. Emma P. O'Niell. Edward
Getchell, Mary F. Parke. :».ober.t ,'■ ■' :t
Hinsberg, Charles Riordan, Eugene F.
Holbrook. James W. . Sauret, Rosalie
Horan, Thomas Swift. James F. ;
BRISLAN— In this city. May 21. 189% John J.,
beloved son of Mrs. James Brislan, a native
of West Troy, N. Y.
C" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 511 Florida street, i between Marlposa
and Eighteenth, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
for services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BLOCH-In this city. May 21. 1899. Pauline,
dearly beloved wife of Ellis Bloch. mother of
Melanie Bloch. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A.
Mierson of Placerville. Cal.. and sister of
Bernard, Max, Sol. James and Millie Mier-
son. a native of Placerville. Cal.. aged 34
years 1 month and 10 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thir day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 514 Devisadero street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townserid streets.
CURIEN— In this city. May 22. 1899. Genevieve.
beloved wife of the late Jean Baptiste Curlen,
mother of Emil, Stanislas and Philbert
Curien, and sister of the late Jean Baptist*
Gassmann and Mrs. Ursule "U entzel. Mrs.
Marie Hlrsinger, Joseph Gassmann,. ,'nspphlne
Gassmann and Mrs. Blchoff. . a native of
Übers, Alsace, aged 6S years 9 months and 16
days
[T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 20 Folsom avenue, off Folsom
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DILLON— In this city, May 21, 1899, Anastasia.
beloved wife of the late James Dillon, and
mother of Margaret and James Dillon, a na-
tive of Ireland. •
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1518 Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a high requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In this city, May 21. 1899. Michael
Doherty, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
DRIVER— In Berkeley, May 21, 1899, Thomas
Driver, beloved father of Mrs. Robert
Burcher, Mrs! T. N. Noble, Mrs. S. Shields.
Mrs. S. Ward and Edward. Nicholas and
West Driver, a native of Canada, aged 78
.-years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. T. N. Noble, corner of
Sixth and Rose streets, West Berkeley. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
FISK— In Oakland, May 20, 1899, G. Herbert,
beloved husband of Belle Flsk. only son of
G. R. and Louisa Fisk, and brother of label
Fisk. a native of Bet-ton, aged 37 years. (Bos-
ton and New York papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James Taylor. 520 Thirteenth street.
! Interment private, in San Francisco.
FLINT— In Oakland. May 22. 1899, Emma P.,
Wife of Edward P. Flint, a native of Pennsyl-
v ania, aged 63 years.
GETCHELL— Midway. Alameda County,
May 19. 1899, Mary F.. beloved wife of James
T. Getchell, and mother of E. M. Walsh. F.
J. Getchell and Mrs. Annie M. Kerrison. a
native of Rockland, Me., aged 69 years and 7
months. (Oakland papers please copy.)
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Robert J. Kerrison. 32
Pearl street, off Market, near Thirteenth.
HINSBERG— In this city. May 22. 1899, Charles,
dearly beloved husband of Sophie Coburn
Hlnsberg, and beloved father of Helene. Theo-
dore and Margarethe Hinaberg, a native of
Treves. Germany, aged 49 years and 2 months.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HOLBROOK— In this city, at Ocean View. May
20. 1899, James W.. beloved son of James M.
. and Lizzie J. Holbrook, and brother of Wal-
ter, George and the late Angelina Holbrook,
a native of San Francisco, aged IS years and
4 months.
(TTFriends and ncquairttancps are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3064 San Jose road. Ocean
View. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
electric funeral car.
HORAN— In this city. May 21. 1899, Thomas.
beloved husband of Mary Horan. and father
of Thomas J. Horan, Mrs. Hugh Gallagher
and the late Mary and Maggie Horan. a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 68
years.
(CFFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence 550 Bryant
street, between Third and Fourth, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where, a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JEFFERY— In this city, May 22. 1899', Edwin
L. Jeffery. a native of Niagara County, New
York, aged 47 years.
KING— Niles, May 20, 1899, Keziah, beloved
wife of James King, and mother of D. W.
Kintr. a native of New Jersey, aged 79 years.
|T*FThe funeral services will take place
this day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from th»
parlors r.f Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment private.
LANGFORD— In Golden Gate, May 20, 1899.
George Frank, beloved son of George H. and
Isabel Langford, and brother of Ethel L. and
AlmaA. Langford. a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years and 7 months.
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this, day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at Golden
j Gate Baptist Church, southwest corner of
Park street and Central avenue. Golden Gate.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In the City and County Hospital.
May 22.5J599. John McCarthy, a native of Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
McGOWAN— In this city. Mathew. beloved hus-
band of Jane McGowan, and beloved father
of John E. McGowan, a native of County
Sligo. Ireland, aged 75 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
M-y chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-
first, thence, to St. Paul's Church, where serv-
■ Ices will be held s at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKELVEY— In this city. May 22, 1899. Ro-
sanna, youngest and dearly beloved daughter
of Samuel and Annie B. McKelvey. and sis-
ter of Mathilda 8., John J. and Samuel A.
McKelvey, a native of San Francisco, aged
■ 4 years 8 months and 18 days. \
MAHER— the ■ City and County Hospital,
May 21. 1899, Mary Maher, a native of Ire-
land, aged 55 years.
O'NIELL— In Oakland. May 22, 1899, Edward,
beloved son of Edward and Mary O'Niell. and
brother of William and .Minnie O'Niell. a na-
tive of Oakland, aged 10 years 11 months and
22 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock. from the
parents' residence, 526 Henry street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PARKE— Golden Gate. May 22. 1899, Robert,
husband of Ellen Parke, and father
of Mrs. K. V. Kllnkner, a native of County
Meath. Ireland, aged 73 years and 22 days.
ITTNotice of funeral hereafter.
RIORDAN— In this city. May 21, 1599, Eugene
F. Rlordan; beloved brother of J. E.. J. F.
and W. M. Rlordan. Mrs. McDonald. Mrs.
Meyers and Lena Riordan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2S wears.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:46 o'clock, from the parlors
jof J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SAURET— Louis, i beloved husband of Rosalie
Sauret, and brother ot John and Marius
Sauret, a native of St. Bonnet, Hautes Alpes,
France, aged 24 years and 5 days.
C7"Postponed funeral will take place this
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the receiv-
ing vault at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend.
SWlFT— Entered into rest May 20, U99, James
Flitcroft. beloved husband of the late Anna
V Swift, and father of Catherine V., Lionel
and the late William E. Swift, a native of
Berry. England, aged 70 ears and 21 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of PoEt and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M. Remains at the
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. ■ ; ; ___.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSBa,
10 Fifth St.. oppogli* Lincoln School.
TkUDhon* South Ml
€ yATEMTsf f)
, %iS^3?U MARKET Sk"s"f. SalSr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UEE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
1112
COMMITTEE OF
FIFTY CALLS
UPON VOTERS
A New Political Club
Formed.
EXECUTIVE BOARD SELECTED
LARGE GATHERING AT METRO
POLITAN TEMPLE.
Citizens Called Upon to Get Out at
the Primaries and Work for
a Business Administration
of Affairs.
♦ — —
fg iBIMiq M[7imiJpiTr I,T| FiJßr^ r Hill Ifi i 1 ITT I T
An audience of nearly a thousand vo
ters ,ifsrmMo<l last night .it Metropolitan
Temple. It had assembled in response to !
Invitations sent out by a Committee of
Fifty. 10 consider municipal affairs from
a business standpoint. Before it dis
persed for the evening it had organized
as "The Central Republican Charter
Club,'. 1 elected officers and got other mat
ters into shipshape to titku an active part
in the coming primaries
The chairman of the occasion was W.
C. Henderson, a former school director. !
With him or. the platform were 1. J. Tru- i
man, Wallace Bradford. Joseph Hyman, {
J. A. Wiiscn. Marion Leventritt, Oliver
Olsen, Rev. Frank S. Ford, Babbi Nleto,
Charier, ilK.isen. M. Hyman nd several
other?. On calling the meeting to order ,
Mr. Henderson said that he had been Be
lected a: tempoian chairman by the
Commit of Fifty.
"This meeting," be continued) "is called
by a a ramitiee of fifty property-owners
who associated themselves together in
January of this year for the purpose of
ascertaining the cause of the financial de
generacy c.i our city for the last ten
years, a .'i If possible to determine some
means by which to prevent .1 further loss
■'to tne owners of our city, which in the j
pa"»t decade; thiough auction in the ;
value " of real estate, rents, and the in
crease of mortKayeu indebtedness over
the releases, amounts to over four hun
dred 'millions of dollars."
T>-,,, chairman r<?:;d oft the names of the ;
iiie.rnbj?rn of the present county central
• .co'riirn:tive ar.n could rin.l no good in them.
■There he read tho names of seventy-two
: : £ehtie'iueii. tnirty-si:» at large and two
■-■•■'.fFO-nv ... ■ :. ••! me assembly districts in ,
'••the city who. he said, had been selected i
"by the'-Connnitt^f 01 Fifty to act as the
executive committee of the Central Re- j
publican Charter Club. They ere as fol
lows:
At Large.
•H T Scott. William 11. Crocker, Adolj.h
I: .<pir<-keis. J. K. Prior. George Pennington, ■
lxiuia K. Lake. Jacob Frowenreld. D. E. Alii- j
eon. 1. J. AHthfim. .lay T. Nash, I. J. Truman. <
Oliver O!.«»-n. Sanwtl Fester, H. L.. Dodge, 1.
J. Parsons. James McNati. ''■'■ >' M. Morgan,
John P. hnwr, .lames U. Davis, Charles W.
■ Basrii Geurge 1). Clark; Charles Carpy, C. G. j
: 'Hooker. John < ". KirKpatnck, Joseph Hyni.-m.
H B. Hupp. Georpe i.. Center, W. P. Fuller, I
Harry T. Gtbbt>, i-.. A. Sellrldge. Z. U. Dodge,
Georyo A. Xewhall. Frederick B. Hulting. I
Geoi>;e Beanston, Marlon Leventritt, Edward
F. Deiger.
By Districts.
Twenty-eifihth— janifs '■•;•_ and Ed- '
ward J. Thomac.
Twenty-ninth— H. S. Elliott and E. .1. Mi - i
Neill.
* ThlrtlPth-J. J. MorPh'.iiFe and.B. G. Sorrier?. :
Thirty-flrst— Alexander Mennie and Bert Me-
Coy. '
Thirty-second— A. 11. Simmunds and Albert
W. l>-rhke.
R Thirty-third— N. J. Rodgpere and F. H. Bland
ing.
Thtrtv-f.-.urth— Martin Jin^s and George T.
Shaw.
Thirty-nfih— W. L. < Men and F. L,. Tun in.
Thirty-sixth— John C. Youns and James Wil
son.
Thirty-seventh— H. Humphreys and F.
W. Madury.
Thlrty : elghth— A. F. Horn and Samuel Gar
rett
Thirty-ninth— W. J. Herrin and P. L.. Archi- 1
bald.
Fortieth -.7"lin F, Kennedy and John B.
Whitney.
Forty-flrst— Wallace Bradford and Arthur O. (
Tov.-ne.
Forty second- William E. Read and C. W.
Gordon.
Forty-t Charles I* Benton and A. S.
Hallldle.
Forty-fourth— W. D. Clark and J. C. Kim
ball.
Forty-fifth — Charles 0 Johnson and C.
Mason Klnne.
The meeting proceeded Immediately to
organize the club by electing, without a
dissenting vote, the following officers:
Henry T. Scott, president; Edward F.
Delger, first vice president; Joseph Hy
man, second vice president; James A. Wil
son, secretary, and I. J. Truman, treas
urer.
It was announced by the chair that the
executive committee would draft a con
stitution and by-laws and plan the cam.
paign on th.- lines Indicated. Speeches
were made by Joseph Hyman. James A.
Wilson, I. J. Truman and Rabbi NietO, all
of the speakers calling on the voters to
support at the primaries the sentiments
they had applauded during the evening.
Dr. Ford opened and Rabbi Nieto
closed the meeting with prayer, and, be
tween the. speakers, the Knickerbocker
Quartet sang beautifully. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^^. /*\ Father Time's
iTN>\ ■'y Y. scythe is a
Bvhj I )?\ wea P *-^ a * no
<mi -V""vC 7''"'i/\ man can es-
WS /ylilrv-'^/v\ cape. Sooner
Vll /I lit 't*7jfto.\s\ or later '* must
11 V ,\\ wil I 'ivVM with P^ema-
\V (r//\\ \ v\X\ ture death it is
y/ ///\\\\ laV diff-rent. Na-
(l V/ \ I V WVW ture intended
i) i l Jjn \\ ' *V\V l^ a every man
i / *jffj) \\Jy^m\Y Bliou l ( i live a
Jy/ ] t\ v\V on % an d useful
rTXT^ 0 i <(\v^S\ e> and d e a
/A \ I I . \Uj vjAV peaceful, pain-
//W) \MVI less death.
1/ /iW-XL-pJ^ 1/ en d . efeat the
If V ' iX« To__ ' intention of a
■\\ >*>** beneficent
Vv. <u *^ Providence by
-~^^ the manner in
k --~— -> which they
live, their disregard of the laws of health
and their utter failure to protect health
when it is threatened and restore it when
it is lost. The most common result of neg-
lect of health is that dread disease, con-
sumption. Not many years ago it was con-
sidered incurable. Now it is known that
Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery will
cure 98 per cent, of all cases if taken in
time. That is its record during a period of
thirty years. Many of the thankful patients
have permitted their names, experiences
and photographs to be reproduced in Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
Any sufferer who wishes to investigate
these cases may secure a copy of this book
free, by sending 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cos/ of mailing only, to the World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo,
N. V., and then write to the patients them-
selves. In consulting Dr. R. V. Pierce by
letter, the sufferer consults a skillful spe-
cialist who for thirty years has been chief
consulting physician to the great Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo,
N. Y. With the assistance of a staff of able
physicians, he has successfully treated tens
of thousands of cases of bronchial, throat
and lung affections. . He will cheerfully
answer letters from all sufferers, without
charge. Address the Doctor as above.
" I had bronchi for eighteen years and I was
treated by three physicians, but all failed,"
writes David Wartzenluft,- Esq., of Shoemakers-
ville, Berks Co., Pa. "They told me there was
no cure for me. , I then used Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery, and wa% entirely cured. My
weight is bow 173 pounds. 11
LILLIE ELLIS MARRIED
TO A MILLIONAIRE
0 6
-♦■ f 1 \he many friends and admirers of Mrs. Lillian Ellis in this city received a pleasurable, surprise yesterday when — f i
© \ they learned of the fair lady's marriage on Thursday iast in New York City to A. C. Manners, a wealthy English- ©
a 1 man. . £j '
V 1 News of the wedding came by telegraph to the mother, of the bride, Mrs. Emily Hanford, of 1642 Hyde street. V|
T -*- Mrs. Hanford had but a scanty knowledge concerning the very recent wedding of her daughter. "All I know," q
** said Mrs. Hanford. "is that Lillie and Mr. Manners were married in New York City on Thursday, the 17th. +
* The ceremony was celebrated In the apartments of my daughter at the Waldorf-Astoria. I imagine it was a case of q
© love at first sight. Lillie left here for New York on the Bth, which brought her in the Empire City on the 13th, so she »
"*" could only have known Mr. Manners four days before she joined her fate with his for better or for worse. All I know q
0 about Mr. Manners is that he is an. Englishman and a millionaire." +
j "*■ Mrs. Manners is recognized as one of the handsomest and most fascinating of California women. She is 27 years q
i © of age, a native daughter, and was educated in this State. According to the lady's mother the trinket of all her wealth
i * of jewels she most prizes is a Qenman School medal. . ■ _
1 0 NEW YORK. May 22 — Mrs. Lillian Hanford Ellis of San Francisco, who has been stopping at the Waldorf-Astoria Ho- ~*
~ tel for some time, was married on Wednesday last to Arthur Cecil Selwln Manners of Hongkong. The wedding ceremony "*
2 w-as quietly performed at the Church of the Transfiguration and the formal announcement was made in the papers of this®
q city yesterday morning. At the Waldorf-Astoria it was stated to-night that nothing was known there of the marriage of X
-♦- Mrs. Ellis. When the lady was preparing to leave the hostelry she notified the office to forward her mail to the Hotel San >
0 Rem< a fashionable establishment at the corner of Seventy-fourth street and Eighth avenue, facing Central Park. ■ Q
■*■ +
©♦©♦O+G'*©* © ♦ O ♦ © ♦ o+o4o*o*o ♦C-KHG-KH O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O+OO+O+O * 00+0+0+ O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O-K)-fO-fO>o#
LIVED IN THE PALACE
OF THE SHAH OF PERSIA
COLONEL HENRY MOORE, an old mining man, appeared in Judge Mo
gah's court yesterday ■ morning to answer a charge or vagrancy. i He was
arrested Sunday night in front' of the 'Lick House, on Montgomery street,
by Policeman Leonard, who told the Judge in court yesterday that the old
man was in the habit of standing In front of the Occidental Hotel and
Lick House and soliciting alms from people 'passing in : and out. ..
The Judge questioned the- old- man, whose appearance interested him. He
told the Judge. a brief part of his life story, and the Judge continued the case
till to-day, as lit was. puzzled as to what to do with him. ■ -'
When the old -man was. seen in the City*' Prison later he said: "I .am a
forty-niner, and have been mining In the mountains in this State almost all my'
life. In 1876 I started on a tour of tin; world, traveling through Afghanistan. .In
dia and Persia. While at the capital of Persia I got introduced to the Shah by
the American Consul, and I was induced by the Shah to accept a 'position to
teach his children the English language. I remained there for five years and
had to leave through incurring the enmity of the Commander in Chief of the
Persian army. . ■
"I returned .to this coast and continued In my mining work till about ■■ five
years ago, when I and my two sons wont to Coolgardle, Western Australia, at
the time the mining fever broke out there. My two sons and myself and an
other man worked a : mine there, and finally I sold out for $40,000 -and started a
temperance hotel. 1 incurred the enmity of people there, through my deter-,
mination not to sell liquor, and my hotel was set/on fire ; and. burned to - ; the
ground, leaving me almost penniless. My sons had left Coolgardle to go to Alaska
and I had to work my passage to this coast on a vessel. I arrived here with $115,
but that is all gone, and now I don't know what to do." '
• ♦»•— TB«W»W 8* ♦ 88 ♦ 88 ♦ SS-*S*SB«- 88 ♦ 88 ♦ 88*S8+!8^S8-*83 ♦ Ba*Bß*2a-*88*88"M
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL!L, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 189h.
WAS ABOARD THE
MERRIMAC WITH
LIEUT, HOBSON
Boatswain Dignan Is
Here From Manila.
The United States transport Sheridan,
Bister ship to the Grant and the Sher
: man, steamed through the Golden Gate at
. dusk last evening, after one of the most
remarkable voyages in the annals of the
sea. She left New York February; 19, ar
riving in Manila April 14. She turned her
prow toward the United States on April
27, spent three days at Nagasaki and, then
made the run across the Pacific in"seven
teen days. The Sheridan 2 was formerly
the Massachusetts, of the Atlantic Trans
port line.
Her passengers number about 100, • in
cluding the wives and 'children of officers
i in the Philippines, discharged soldiers and
convalescents. .General Marcus !A. Miller.
now on the retired list, was the officer of
: highest' rank on board. He left here with
| the last expeditionary forces and saw.act
ive service against the Filipinos. -General
James F. Smith was in his command at
; Manila, and he-speaks highly of the'Cali
fomlan's ability.
Osborn W. Dignan, the boatswain who
steered the Merrimac, under the direction
of Lieutenant B. P. Hobson, Into the en
j trance of Santigo harbor, is also 1 , a pas
senger./. Dignan went to Manila as boat
( ; swain's mate on the Oregon. By act of
Congress he was admitted to Annapolis
. and Is on his . way to the great*, naval
' school. .
The . transport is ■in charge : of •' Captain
William M. ('(Hilling. He was quarter
master general of the State of Virginia
■ when the war broke out. When Ibe en
tered the service he was made quarter
master of the transport Berlin, plying be
' ■ tween the United States and Cuba. His
> excellent work in this position attracted
( the attention of his superiors,, and he was
appointed on the board having charge of
> the .refitting of the transports of which
> ; the Sheridan is one. • The other : members
I j of the board were F. K. Kirby. a Detroit
' shipbuilder, - and George Clark, an -en
gineer. The three ships in Pacific waters
carried nearly 2000 men each to Manila. ,
The soldiers on the Sheridn- have the
usual stories of bad food, but the officers
claim they received better > food than Is
generally, served on transports, and much
better than that prepared in camp. The
passengers include:
. , General Marcus A. Miller (retired) and wife-
Mrs. V. 11. Hart . and : two ; children ; , Colonel
Lipplncott, chief. Burgeon Eighth Army Corps;
Captain William M. Coulling, U. S. V.' quar
termaster in charge, accompanied by wife and
child; George R. Rogers, quartermaster's clerk;
Captain H. L. Biggins, muster of the Sheridan;
Captain C. D. lay, Seventeenth United States
j Regulars: Lieutenant Newell, U. 8. A and
wife; Lieutenant Cavanaugh Twenty-second
Hprulhts: Lieutenant H. L Jackson; Captain
Hill First Montana (badly wounded) Captain
Ough First Nebraska; Dr. Kellogg and wife-
Dr. Jenson; Osborn W. Dignan boatswain's
widow f nf he »? r T n:Mr f- Mary a £:-sSuSnbe? B !
widow of the late colonel of • the Nehrtmkn
! Regiment: Dr. Pugh; corporal Hugh Keno^er
Flrot Nebraska; Sergeant W. W. Peflc-y Flrsi
Idaho; Private R. L. Attebury, First * Ne
brasfca; Private F. S. Mathews, Seventeenth
Rwlars. V B. A. ; Private J. I. Carlon. First
ft ' l"r ; T r rl te % R: c U ' • Willis. Eighteenth
0 Regulars. -U. S. A. ; Sergeant F. J. Remlng,
ALL CALIFORNIA
IS INTERESTED
IN THE STATUE
Tribute to Dewey a
State Affair.
COMMITTEE MEETS TO-DAY
PRELIMINARIES TO BE SETTLED
AND WOBK BEGIN.
So Many Sites Suggested That It
May Be Expedient to Decide
the Question by
Ballot.
When the committee to erect a monu
ment to the American navy in commem
oration of the victory of Admiral Dewpy
at Manila meets in Mayor Pholan's office
in the Phelan building at 4 o'clock this
afternoon there will be some flattering re
ports made on the reception of the move
ment by the general public. The mem
bers of the committee seized every op
portunity yesterday to discuss the matter
with their friends, and not a voice was
raised in disapproval of it. On the con
trary, many were the assurances of
hearty support, financial and otherwise,
that were received, and the members of
the committee are confident that all the
funds necessary to carry into effect the
most elaborate plans yet suggested will
soon be forthcoming.
The commitu-e will select some bank to
act as treasurer to-day, and it is more
than probable that some handsome checks
—the first contributions to the fund— will
be presented at this afternoon's meeting.
The method of collecting subscriptions
will also be decided upon to-day, and it
is certain that some arrangement will
"have to he mad- for the reception of
contributions from the outside for the
Dewey monument is not going to be a
local affair. Although it will be erected
in San Francisco, the whole State is
vitally interested, and communications
are rapidly coming in from all sections
applauding th< movement and asking for
further particulars, while the interior
press is enthusiastically supporting it.
The suggestion that the monument be
ready for dedication on May 1, 1900
(Dewey day) has met with universal ap
proval, and it will be the aim of the com
mittee to have it ready for that date. As
there is nearly a year in which to pre
pare designs and have the statue cast or
carved, according to whether it Bhall be
of bronze or marble, there seems to be no
reason now why It cannot be done. The
question of finances is not calculated to
cause any delay.
The location of the statue is causing the
liveliest discussion, even at this early
stage, and it is not unlikely that the
committee will Inaugurate some sort of
voting contest to aid the members in se
lecting a sit.-, so many places having been
suggested, mion square Hnds favor with
many, although the entrance to the park
panhandle at Van Ness avenue and Mar
ket Btreet, the gore at Market. California
and Drumm streets and some elevation
in the vicinity of Strawberry Hill are
most frequently mentioned. The latest
suggestion is that the monument be
placed on the elevation where the pro-
ALL FAVOR THE
DEWEY MONUMENT
a The Call's Move=
ment Indorsed by
Country Press.
*♦ —
o
*' Senator Perkins tnlc^s the right
& view of the best way to honor Ad
§ mlral Dewey. The building of a fine
j* house in Washington may not be
A agreeable to the admiral, and he is
£, not a pauper. The Government pays
w him nearly $20,000 per annum, and he
v is also entitled to a large sum as prize
8S money. He is able to live in comfort
O in any city he may select for a home,
2* and our gratitude for his great vie
*? Tory at Manila should be shown in
S some other way. The Call suggests
*° that a statue be erected in Golden
Q Gate Park, and this idea is indorsed
•' i,v Senator Perkins and Mayor Phe-
O lan It seems that this would be the
2? most appropriate way to commemor-
O ate the victory at Manila, and should
SS be adopted.— Visalia Times.
,osed park extension will connect with
he Presidio reservation. It is urged for
his location that the monument would
.verlook the Golden Gate in full view of
■ very vessel passing In or out of the har
lot and the first object to greet the eyes
if strangers to our shores would be Cali
nrnia } s magnificent tribute to the fore-
Thls'wil^be^buir and eventful day for
he members of the Dewey monument
•ommittee. for the preliminaries, will a
„ arranged, and to-morrow they will
>egin the practical work.
Eighteenth Regulars; Sergeant -.^•.,, - R^ >
First Tennessee; Sergeant John Mhlu. Battal
ion Engineers 17. S. A.; Sergeant L. Sprague.
Fourth 5 Regulars: Musician Karl E^Ranney.
£mirth Cavalry U. S. A.: Leon J. Lambert,
Thirteenth Minnesota: Corporal EdwardXross
land First Tennessee; Private Christ C.Kch.
Twenty-third Regulars: Private R. J. £«»}•>'.
First Nebraska; Private Richard Leigh, _Hos
nltal Corn™ Corporal Martin J. Frey. Third
Heeuiftrs- Private R. E. Griffith, Tenth Penn
sylvania: Sergeant John Scott. Fourth Itegu
fare- Private L. P. Anderson,': Third -Artillery:
Corporal J W. Shaney. K|irhteeiith Reg :u£rs;
Private Fred H. Cohen, Sixth Arttller> . Ci»r
noral ID. T. Hlnkl.-. Fourth Regulars; Sergeant
H. S. Alford. Fourth Cavalry; Sergeant Q. A.
Thurber. First Colorado; Corporal A . J. Hrlce,
Twentieth .Regulars; Sergeant A. J. Little.
California Heavy Artillery. Corporal J _ L.
Brlgham, First Nebraska: Private W. Flinn,
Fourth Cavalry; Private George Berry, Eight
een Regulars; Private William Emlaw. Twen
ty-third Regulars; Private John Hartman,
Twentv-thlrd Regulars; Sailor George Schull,
XT SS. Petrel; Private John Kelly, Third Ar
uiierv' U. "s. A. : Sergeant ■.'■■ W. F. Snyder,
Tenth-Pennsylvania; Private C. M. Jannson,
Tenth Pennsylvania; Private E. C: Jennew ne.
Tenth Pennsylvania: Private M. M. Laird,
Tenth Pennsylvania; Private O. W. Samuels.
First Tennessee; Private W.H. Junes Third
Artillery U. S. A.; Private F. \\ . Allen, Hos
pital Corps; Private J. H. Theuer. Tenth Penn
sylvania; Private B. ■W. Smith Twentieth Reg
ulars- Private F.E. Rector, Fourth Regulars;
Private H. J. Henderson, Fourteenth Regulars;
Private P. L. Garrett. Second Oregon.
Private John W. Flynn, Company C, Thir
teenth Minnesota, died at sea on May 13. The
remains. were brought home. Jose \erelse. a
Spanish fireman, who shipped on the Sheridan
In New York, died : of • pneumonia and was
burled at sea. The remains of Colonel Stotsen
berg are on board, with those of seventeen
other 60ldlers. ■■■■■■■
A FRATERNITY FEAST.
Beta Chapter, College of Physicians
and Surgeons, Entertains.
The newly organized Beta Chapter, Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons, of the
National Alpha Kappa Kappa Fraternity,
gave Grand President Dr. George P.. Cook
of Concord, N. H.. a banquet last night
at the California Hotel. Covers were laid
for thirty-five and a most enjoyable even
ing was spent in the discussion of an ex
eteilent menu, listening to good speeches
and the rendition of fraternity songs.
The honored guests were Dr. C. A. Lane,
Dr. Wlnslow Anderson, Colonel A. C.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
N - 2 M. I. S. T. No - 3
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early Indis-
cretion, Imparts Youthful Vigor, Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for all forms of
Nervous Debility-PROMPT, SAFE and SURE.
Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele. Bad Cases of Erysipelas, Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Diseases— ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE— SURE CURE.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. WILL CURE.
Will cure Rheumatism, no matter how long standing-.
Will cure any case of inflammation of the Bladder or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter
if the patients have been for years forced to use a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS IN
ANY STAGE. WILL CURE ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
Will cure all cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor
and vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Fix bottles of M. I. S. T. No. 2 will cure any cape of Stricture without local treatment.
Six boxes of M. I. 9. T. No. 2 will cure any case of Varicocele.
Will cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of sufferers.
It Is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and abso-
lutely safe. It never increases or -diminishes the action of the heart.
F_^^ ~__^^^^__, -__^___ I: you are suffering from any
"T^^^^^^^ "^ff"™™^^ "^T^^"^"^ "^F™'^"'^ chrnni'' dl^t-aFf. you are urged to
fi H Jr» mI J • ra < write us', no matter how many doc-
Eftflu^ lßm^maß^ KyaaBHZS hsBB tor? or kinds of inedicines you have
fc " m W trlt-d. wi" i:t r- li-f. WE (Jt-ARAN--
»' ■ B V B > TEE Tii CUHE YOt:. That you
■^*- ■*•*- /^^~ -^■■sbbbm^ .MMansnaMr may judge. of the value of the Great
Specific for yourself, we will send,
you one large case by mail FREE.
only asking: that when cured yourself you will recommend It to others. Write confidentially
to our medical department, giving symptons.
Address M, I, S. T. Co,, Cor, Adams and Huron Streets. Toledo, 0.
O
Tho San Franoisco Call has inaug- j»
urated a movement for the erection a
of a statut* to Admiral Dewey in p;
Golden Gate Park. The plan of The S5
Call to honor tho preat naval com- O
manrterwhoat a single blow destroyed gjr
the Spanish fleet in the Philippines and
thus prevented the hostile ships from jj>
preying- upon American commerce In w
the Pacific and upon cities alonj? this S|
I coast meets with a spontaneous out- V
burst of enthusiasm that makes its gi
' success a certainty from the very In- Ji.
ception of the thought. The ink was gi
scarcely dry on The Call in which the •?
I suggestion was made err Mayor Phe- v
1 lan announced that he would at once S?
i appoint an energetic committee to q,
': take the matter in charge and push it «•
Ito a successful termination. The *.
thought is certainly a most happy v
one. and we have no douht it will Jt,
I result in the erection of a costly and a
! handsome statue, which will fully at- c«
i test the patriotism if the people of
the Pacific Coast and prove that they JS
appreciate at its true worth the great V
service the heroic Dewey rendered to >,
them and to the entire country on tr
that memorable May day one year H
I ago.— Monterey Cypress. g
Guard, Dr. D. A. Hodghead and Dr. W.
F. Southard, all of whom responded to
toasts. Speeches wore also made by
Students B. F. Williams, G. W. Goodale
and others.
The ofli<ers of Bfta Chapter are: Presi
dent. L. W. Spffggs; vice president. E.
W. Cooper; secretary. Charles Mills;
treasurer. S. O. Southard; grand marshal.
G. W. Goodale; warden, S. W. Goodale;
executive committee— F. P. Satterlee, A.
P. Lewis, Carl Wilson
ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL
Dr. C. Goscinskey and His Wife Re-
conciled Through Their Boy.
Dr. C Gkwcinakey, M 2 Pino stroot, and
his wife met In Judare Magan's chambers
yesterday mornins so that the Judge
might determine which of the two would
have the custody of their boy, Herbert.
Mrs. Oosctnskey explained to the Judge
that she and her husband had been legally
separated and she obtained thr custndy of
the boy. As flic had to work to support
herself and the boy she had placed nim
in the care of Mrs. Roemer. 2 Pearl street.
Her husband did not contribute a cent
toward the support of the boy.
The Judge told Goscinskey that he hntl
misrepresented th.> facta to him Saturday,
otherwise he would not have Issued the
search warrant, which was really to re
cover the boy's clothing; and enable the
father to see the boy and gel possession
of him. Goscinskey said that Mrs. Roe
mer would not allow him to gee the boy
and he wanted the Judge to make an
order to that effect. The Judge refused
and turned over the boy to the custody of
the mother.
After they left the courtroom the bus
band and wife talked lor several minutes \
in the corridor and at the BUgffestion of 1
Officer Cronin, who served the searcn
warrant Saturday, they agreed to live
together again, and Mrs. Roomer was no
tified, much to her disgust, thnt the boy j
was to go home with his parents.
Dr. Sarsfield's rheumatic remedy never i
fails to cure the worst cases of inflamm;i
tory rheumatism, and can be used wnh ;
entire safety. All druppistF.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Annie Burnam Thompson Bur
nam for a divorce. a^gn^^Uon as
a cause of action. - ai i"* *r«ri«» hay» hpen
Gfidrrlan'and Mary A. Caley
against John A. Caley-
ODDS AND ENDS DAT.
o«^?^rtlcles cut. 6o, per cent.
GR^?^^ IM- K NO XX, CO.
«"WV-i:" Bini'lfßßlWWißiff
1 AMI Sold This Season S
liiH-aUJ In California. M
B *i
BICYCLES
HO
I ■ THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market tilth, S.F. S
Open Wednesday & Saturday erenin^s. KB
Harass I
Painless Dentistry.
/WfY^fSY^rA SEE OUR NEW
|||||mesli -Colored
b£ >\ Cannot be detected from
¥■* A, M the natural teeth and gum.
. Wi^M 55/ thin and stronser than
rubber.
Crowns. $3.50. Plates. $5. Fining. 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.
: jgj SAVE YOUR MONEY! ;'
i-ii.-JgL From $10 to $17.50 ;
; 1 jSuaidm, You can get the best All-Wool /
, i m*tsBuK\ Suit Made to Order at ',
: IK JOE POHEIM :
1 '' / If you want a first-class, i
■i 1 ' p»|| weil-fittfng suit of clothes i
1 '! Wm from $20 to $40 £O to
1 11 JOE POHEIM \\
: ; *%Jf|f Fine-Clothes at 25 per ]i
-I i 1 cent less than elsewhere. ,'
! 20J-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, i
Mj 1 ; i Q-l 1 12 Marktt . St^. S F
I — — : — '■ ■ — - — ■ ~ ~- .
I '_. . . . . ■.'.'. . JB^jfflf
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great, I
JBOSEUE! OF ANATOMY^
■ '}''■■'■(*&"' I°SI«AEKETST.Iet.e±6Kh,S.P.Cd.|>
■ """ " : Of The Largest Anatomic»l Museum in the \
• i I ' ■ eJte»» World. Weaknesses or any comracteil i \
V S/SzHßi •' '■<•''" tni".iti*e-Iy cured iiy the oldest T
0 if^^i Specialut on the Coast. EiL 36 years A
• 1 fi^Sl DR - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
' A f^SS^m Coniultalion free and strictly private. \
I ' £ AP^L 13 Tr "- r!lc " t personally or by l-ttcr. A M
■ \B if H ive Cure in every case undertaken. T
d r l/ ; I® W,ite for Boric. PHILOSOPHYoI 1
■II II M/|LI * RI '* ' MAILED FREE. (A?
1 , : |J. y/ valuable book for mm) x
f I>H JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S.V. V
B '^^^^^^■^"^^^''^^^'^^^'^^^'^^^'^^^^^^ tt
B '^ fil! « nnt).pnlt>nnnQß
XJg&pP—^Zk&k ■T""' li for «onorrh<ea,
- jaKßr vvni^^Mt '*}"■<• Spermatorrhcea!
Mf/mf in Ito 6 -l»ya. Whites, unnatural .Hal
ilw Qomrmnieed ■ charg t >B, or any influmma-
f»Jl not to »triotnre. tiou, irritation or ulcera«
I^JProTentj contagion. tit 11 if mucous ru.'rn-
B«S^THf EVANS C»EM!C*LRr>. brane «- Non-aatrincent.
MHLciNCINNATI.O.Hm Sold by Dragfiiu,
v -"- a - JfS%ti sent in plain wrapper
v ■ *r^SEgti&Jr& • Cixciuar Mat «a t9&x%